I SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB MEETING. The programme of the August meeting at Caulfield ought to draw a great assemblage this afternoon, if for no other reason than that the Hurdle Race and Grand National Steeplechase have for a fortnight past been the medium of considerable speculation at the clubs. The Sapling Stakes, which opens proceedings at half-pist 1, is also full ot in- terest, and the held will probably muster from 20 to 25 The Hurdle Huco is ut a quarter past 2, nnd, from present appearances, 14 or 15 will see the post The belling Raco foi loyys at 3 o'clock, and prepares the way for the Steeplechase, yyluch is tuned for a quarter to 1 o'clock. For the first time the neiv steeple- chase course will be used, and it is worth mentioning that the turf was in splendid con- dition) esterday. Eleven horses were leftin last night, so that a respectable field is assured. The Balaclava States yvinda up the lifter noon's racing at half-pnst 4 with, in nil likeli- hood, close upon 30 starters. Ot the improve- ments nowin progress on the Caulfield couise, Mr. Bond wishes it intimated that the addi- tion to the right of the grand stand will not be available till the spring meeting, but the neiv stand on the Hat, constructed to uccom date 1,500 people, will be open, at the ad- mission of Is Special trains leave the old Hawthorn platfoim, at Flinders-street, at noon, 12 S, 12.13. 12 27, 12.49, 12.58,1.8, and 1.20 p m. There is also the service of ordi- nary trains from Pnnco's-bndgo ns per time- table. '1 he special trains commence running to ton n immediately attcr the last race. The programme is ns folloivs ! TH> SAfLIhO STAKES. 01100 son lor tuo j ear olds Thrco furlongs et. lb Mr n Oraj sbrcltotort 7 1. ilr i Datlss b o Manvmanll (lato Manx » a i) 7 l8 Mr 11 A Kormodo H 11 o Dctraiider 7 1 Mr II A. Kermodes b or br c Manxman " li Mr 6 Hiller3 bo Coonoop 7 13 Mr b Millers br c Siinnyrtina 7 12 Mr II Uollamt abo Coolon.. 7 12 Mr II Watson» Ir o hantaku 7 12 Mr Vi Kerrs bro General Gordon 7 1« Mr J> M Ilobirtson abo Claudlan 7 12 M I Paterson abo Uranus by Herscliol Ulrica 7 12 Mr \\\ Flcla abo Illondln 7 1. Mr 1. Weeks a b o Caulfield 7 U Mr I Vicckbs be Garibaldi 7 12 Mr II lonolll abo Don Glovan 7 1" Mr II Conolh s li o Lord Cha ccllor 7 12 Mr II li Tothill* bo La Crosse by Glorious -Croquet 7 12 Mr 0 Ord a b g Brolga 7 0 birW I Clarl OB eli f Anita 7 " Mi J 0 Held a borlrf Gadfly _ 7 7 Mr D. Grays (, t Colleen Dims 7 7 Mr 0 DaviBSi,! Dultot 7 7 Mi S Horsfalls bri Mistral 7 1 Mr I llodftarn s I r or bl f Asprtmonto " 7 Mi S Mineral I My na 7 7 Mr I I) Itobortso i's b ( lloï 7 7 Mi I Cohen a bl or br ( L llth 7 7 Mr C 11 JUlorUbrfClonionct 7 7 Mr CUT Hart a c1 ltuln 7 7 Hon L L. Smiths bl or cr t bj. Richmond Bees ting 7 7 Hon L I, Smith s br f I ouiso Herta 7 7 Mr I Wilson s b t I rojrrcssivo 7 7 Mi I Tozersbt Lottlo 7 7 1IANDI0AI IIORDLP BACH. 01 200sots addodto a sweepstakes of 5 sots, each Mr C II T Ilarts eli li Tho Agent aged 1- 1 Mr I 1 oulsham s b u Huntsman Oyrs 11 J Mi M I oiiklilin s br h bhect Anchor need 11 0 Mr I Whitelead 8 li g btar at,cd 10 IS Mr J P O Laurlu s br g Guardfish aged 10 12 Mi (' II Rea I s b m Agitation aged 10 3 Mr le C1 Talbots bo HI. nogrlff 4yrs 10 1 Mr IL 1 hillls a thin Tattler a.cd 0 13 Mr J Cripps bl h Duration r yrs " D12 Sir J G Held a oh g lhe Ghost a_cd 0 12 Mi & 1 yera s oh g Oculist aged 0 12 Mr T CoITu} a bl e Rat cn aetd 0 10 Mr J MGrilosbrliTantaliscr aged I) 8 Mr 1 Waro a b g Insolt ont r t ra 0 " Mr C Cripps br g Vulcan 6 tra D7 Mr A bum 1er s be; Ace ajied 0 0 Mr \\\ IscllsehgDeiizcs aged - Ob A SKLLIM1 ItAOE, Oí 60 sots Tho «inner to bo sold (or £100 Four furlongs st lb Mr P M Jvamara 8 olio General Scorjolofi(£50) 4jre 0 7 air O Tattersall a b g Gold Top (£25) li ) re 8 13 Mr D Al ltobcrtson abo Cincinnatus (nil) 4 )rs 8 7 Ml II Haines s ch g Breo/o (nil) 0 ) ra 8 0 3ir T Collu) s b or br t Soaramoucho (nil) aged 8 G THE CAULFIELD GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLE CHASE. A handicap of SSO soys , added to a sivcopstakos of 7 soys each It o second horse to rccolvo 75 sovs and tlio til rd horse 2o soys. About two milos and a halt et lb Mr S Martin slim Lb-otto aged . lill Mr CUT Hart «bri* Coy crnor aged 11 5 Mr M. Loughlin'abç; v\\)iiiIot Gyre 11 0 Mr J Hunts bril Granville aged IO 0 Mr LOW rieht s br ia Minerva aged 10 6 Mi e. II Kenda bri, Hotlcont, G)re 10 8 Mr G liussell a oh g Sailor nsod 10 0 lion v\ Pearson sum Lady Ashton, aged 0 12 r G Crlpi s s bri. \ lucan 6yrs 0 12 Mr S Mlllur'abir Malloy 6) ra 0 7 Mr It Croivos bim lllaclc Angel agod ,07 Mr BALAOIV.VA STAKES Of 100 soy 3 Seven (urlones. «t lb Mr J D Robertson s b g Stafford Oyrs 0 J Mr J vVaros eli Irralco aced 0 2 Mr M Murph) abrcMlddlcmaroh Syrs 8 12 Mr J O Hold's ch ni Grace Darling 6) ra 8 11 Mr J 0 Reid s dig Tho Ghost a_ed 8 11 Mr M Haiucssbrhlirlstol 6,y re 8 8 Mi It O Talbots b o Hlpi ojrrlfl 4)ra 8 2 Mr W T Jours s Dg Ibu Andes aged 8 1 Mr J V\ hittlmrhara s b h Claptrap 0 ) ra SO Mr It O TalbotsbhvYavcrlo) tyra 7 12 Mr T Coito) s br h Fernlen 6)re 7 10 Sir W J Clarlio a grg Phantom aged 7 8 Mr CUT Harts bo Jocular 4)« 78 Mr A Sanuisbli Mistake (lyre _, 7 7 Mr W 1 nngloj a br li ¡stationer aged 7 7 Mr J Wilson jun sbr o Hiigmaster, 8 j ra 7 0 Mr J Wilson Jun s br f l'vlo 8 yrs 7 4 Mr P Kell) s oh _ Warflcld 0 yrs (including 61b pel alt)) 7 8 Mr J yy ¡Ison Jun s li o Tho Boy 4 yra 7 2 Mr C vy llson s b m Gardenia, 0 j re 7 2 Mr It llatt) s ch h Umberto r ) re 7 1 Mr I IL Coyvcllsbroblrocco 4) ra 7 1 VU r Ha y ko s br m Ilcpriso oc,cd 7 I Vlr H Darlot s b g vv amalia, 0 ) re 7 0 Mr A bel i nns br in loo Too Byra 7 0 Mr I ColTc) s b ( Itobus 4 vrs 7 0 Mr J Vi blUitiehani s b h Mentmore G yra 7 0 Mr 1 Colluy 3 b f Honeycomb 3)ra 0 1" Mr J Leek a chin St Kilon Dyra 0 12 Mr D M ltobcrlso a b o Cincinnati«, 4 yrs 0 12 Mr J G Holds bl olvunclo 4jrs Oil Mr T Jones s br o Hohen ian 4 yra 0 11 ?Ylr M I VMlltyaoht Mart)r,5)re 0 10 Mr M Jacol s i eh I So I tlon Syrs 0 10 Mr O Kruslkaabght Albert 6 yra ..(l8 Vlr 11 linincssbroOlpsys VV arning 4) ra 0 0 Mr J Leek a b o 11) nu ton 8 ) ra 0 4 Mr O VernoiisbgOddíolloii.Syrs 0 4 Mr A Day les a li ., Baron iiookar Sjrs 0 0 lhere yvas very little business doing on the events of today at the clubs 5 to 2 being offered on the field for the Hurdle Race, and 10 to 1 on the double event RACING The entries for the meottng at Elsternwick Sark on Nature!aj, the 2Dth inst, close on londny nt the V T C oiliccB, Bourke street west There aro Bet cn events on the pro (.ramme vi¿ -Three minute Trotting Class, of 40 EOVB, two miles one heat, Hurdle Race, of CO sovs., one mile and fite furlongs, Sapling Stakes (handicap), of DO sovs, three furlongs , Steeple chase, of 75 SOY3., about two miles, Selling liucc, of 50 sot s , half a mile, Selling Steeple chase, of CO sovs , about one mile and three quarters and 1 ive Furlong Handicap, of 50 nova Tho entry for the trot ia 2 so\a., mid for the other et enta 1 BOY , acceptances for the Steeplechase 2 BO va, and for other races 1 bot silver King, lernside, and Cincmnatus were struck out of the Caulfield Cup yester daj Last night Uralla and Coronet were backed to Min about £20,000, at 200 to 1, for the double of the Derby und the Melbourne Cop Dunlop was also supported for the Derby at 10 to 1 to win tlO.OOO BALLARA!? TUlir CLUB The annual meeting of the Ballarat Turi Club V.U3 held yesterday morning, when there «as n large attendance of membera Mr Martin Loughlm occupied the chair The balance sheet showed that the club now had a credit balance of ¿577 14s 3d The follow mg gentlemen were appointed a committee for the ensuing year- Messrs. M Loughlm, N Wilson, M Bailey, 13 A. Wynne, J O Inglis, R. Orr and A M Greenfield. Mr Greentield was unanimously elected secretary, and Mr Wy nno treasurer. In view of the satisfactory position of the club some vert important improvements are to be made to the grand Btand and the course STAWELL AMATEUR RACING CLUB MEETING. (BY TELEanArH Fitosi OUR CoiutEsroKDEHT.) STAWELL, FniBAT. Tho following ure the weights declared to- day in connexion with tho above meeting, to take place on Thursday next : HURDLE BACK. st. lb. Starfish Stella Footman Artist Prlmato Bookmaker Footman .. Gambler . OculUt Doubtful J»ok .. 11 .. 10 11 .. 10 n Flyflshor .. ltaney Freshwater Duffer PUBLICANS' rUItSE. st. 11). I .. 11 12 .. 11 12 .. 11 10 .. 11 ti Flynshor Shcelah Starfish Bookmakc Footman Oculist Quilt Plato (Saleyards Doubtful Jack Flyllsher 10 12 | Silver snow arti, »t. Ib.i 0 3 Artist Landseer . Itodasokuf.. Wlro-lri . Exchange. Jack Nancy Sequence Flush , Artist Landseer . Itodasokas. Scorpion Aristide» .. Sequence Flush ', COURSING. VICTORIA CLUB MEETING. Ana 13 and 14. Judge-Mr. Ii Gatenby. Skipper-R. G. Banner. THE WEST BOUI1KE PLATE. For 25 altanen at 6 gulnoas each. Winner, £35, and a jileco of pinto value CO guineas, presented by tile ¡Ion. klr YV. J. Clarke, Bart ; runner-up, £21; two dotrs, £10 each ; thrco tloirs, Als each.. HI. Palnstaker beat Little John IL W'rekin beat Corangamite. Here's Luok beat Werribee Dove. Patonga a bye. Palnstaker beat W'rekin. Hero's Luck beat Patonga. V. Mr. H. Patterson's f tv d Painstaker, by Hcbellion Westcria, beut Mr. It Forroator na (Mr. M'Dermott's) r U Here's Luck, by Tyrant-Fair Water, and tvon the stake. THE OVAL STAKES, For 25 pupplcq at 3 guineas eich. Winner, £25 and n plcco ot pluto valtlo 20 guineas, pretcntcd by Mr. 1U K. Montgomorie ; runner-up, £15 ; two do_s, £7 each : tnreo do_a, £3 each. lil. Pleasant Oirl beat Slier» ood Star. Montroso beat Hill llrotvu. Miss Jeffrey boat Jack Saoul. ¿lirllo Uopo, a bye. IV. Pleasant Girl boat Montroic. Airlie Uopo beat Miss Jcffroy. Mr. C. Peareo's f w b Pleasant Girl, by Dlonysiuä O'Kano-Woo Cash, beat Mr. J. Dlekson's be tv U Alrllo Hopo, by ltebclllon-Lady Primula, aud won tho stake THE EBNEST BTAKE3, For 11 oll'Dges at 3 guineas cacb. Winner, £15 ¡ runner-up, £7 ; third dog, £6. IL Vtliilda beat Captivity. Lord Lyon beat Queen Bec. Ti_rla beat Tone III. Lord Lyon beat Whllda. Tigris a bre. IV. Mr W. M'Culloeli'a bd d Lord Ljon, by Lclox Lolllo, beat Mr \Y. Davls"s bd yv d Tigris, by Magician j - Uussc), and yy on the state '. riltDAT. Stormy weather accompanied the wind up I of the West JJourke Plate -Meeting to day, and consequently the attendance was very (select when Runner received the first brace of dogs soon after 11 o'clock The eftects of the rough weather were visible on the ground, Strnker'o luncneon marquee having been blown down during the early hours of the morning. '1 he gale continued all da), and right m the lace of the greyhounds, whilst two or three heavy showers fell before 1 o'clock With such unfavourable weather it was wise that the committee determined upon adhering to tho original programme, and ubandonmg any e\tru stake, lhere were a score of courses on tho card, and these were re- duced to the final rounds at hull past 12, vyhen there was an interval for luncheon '1 ho meet ing was brought to a conclusion shortly after half past 2. The winner of the West Bourke Plate turned up in Pamstaker, a second Beason dog, own brother to Rhodantho by a subsequent litter Ho appeared ni the last Waterloo Cup, defeating Wild Emit), General Gordon, and Uallarut Winnie, when Rho danthe put bim out in a short spin. Painstaker displayed a great deal of pace in each of his courses on both days, but for the decider, seeing he had been hard run, odds of 2 to 1 were finally laid on Here's Luck. The latter, howey er, yyas lame, and so PauiBtaker led, and had It nil his own wa), lleie's Luck, it will not be forgotten» wus one of the fastest greyhound» in the recent Waterloo Cup, in which ho bent Truthful. Mareil a I M'Mahon, and Pleasant Girl, Quinine then defeating han. All things considered, therefore, it must be admitted that the winner and runner up for the West Bourke Plate fully deserved their positions Pleasant Girl's victory in the Oval Stakes once more brought her out m broad relief na the best puppy of the present season 'I he South Australian bitch has gone through a lot of hard work, and her peiformancesaro truly of the most consistent character, embracing, as they do, runner up in the bt Leger and Oaks at two Sherwood-parlc meetings, subsequent to which tshe won the Victorian Oaks, and now a good stake to da}. Final details : WKST BoonhB PIRATE.-Second Ties - rainstaker took a long lead from Litt]o John II, and repeatedly wnnt wide of his hare, butas tho other was no use, tho fastor greyhound had won an> how when ho killed Wrtkln drew out from Corangamite, and reached tho haro with a lead of tu o lengths, wrenched twlco, und placod Mr M'Cu'loohs doe, who kopt possession, and rattled up a decided winulntr score beforo Wrckin resumed command for tho last dash into covert, Tho verdict was for \\\ rokin, which created so muoh dissatisfaction that Mrssrs W. M Culloch J M'Culloch. D Jones, and It Chirnside asked tho judge for an explanation Hero's Luck was four lengths faster than Werribee Dove, and had a fair bataneo in hand on his early and latter ecore, tho bitch having boin industrious in tho middle of tho spin Patonga then ran a bye. Third Ties-Palnstakcr was only a tongtb fastor than Wrckin for first and Bccond turns, and ex- changed, after which ho won a tiring coursa In a \crj hollow style Here's Luck went past Patonga In tua run up, and scored a > cry easy w ia ina trial of good , length Deciding Course.-Palnstaker carno away with a load of three lengths from Here's Luck, stuck util to | his work, and appropriated everything but two or i threo stroj pointa in a good trial OVAL STAKES-Second lins-Pleasant Girl led Sherwood bttir two good lengths, turned, exchanged, and wound up a short spin w 1th a handy kill Mont roso placed a long gap between himself and Bill Uren ti, and as the latter seemed incapable of an effort, ho was decisively beaten Jack Saqtil and Miss Jeffrey w ero slipped in a galo of wind and rain, and tho dog led up for a strong opening, when ho fell, but was soon at it again, and when tho hire carno to grief there ap- peared to bo onli ono in ft, the bitch s score having been weak and lufre mont, but tho decision was for her nevertheless. Al rilo Hope then ran a b¿ e Third Tics-Pleasant Girl drew past Montrose nearing tho hare, ran round and round him, and won all one wa}. Airlie Hope outpaced Miss Jeffrey, and scarcely u*er allowed her a point Tho w hito hand kerchief carno out for Mies Jeffrey, which caused con side rabio confusion till it was dlscotercd that they hod been put Into slips on tho reverse Bides. Deoidlnir Course -Pleasant Girl took a strong lead from Airlie Hope, and only once left tho lino of hor game in a trial ot fair avcraga length to coiert EnNBST STAEES.-Firet Tics.-Wallila could onlj lead Captivity a baro length, but kept her placo clever!) tor a succession ot strong points till sho tell, and Captivity then had the majorlt) to coiert, but not near cnouich toyyiu Lord L) on led Queen Bee halt a-dozcu lengths, and killed his tiaro so soon that tlio bitch had little opportunities of bringing liar superior cleverness into pla) Tigris took a long load from Toni, pressid his gamo tivioo, and slipped up, when Tom cut in. and killed at once. Scoond Tics.-Lord L)on vyont up to hla hare with a dozen lengths' lead from Whllda, and ran out, when tho bitch slipped cleverly on to the scut, and put herself out by Miling at once. Tigris then ran a single handed b)e. Deciding Courpo -Lord L)on wont oft* yvith a three lengths' lead from Tigris, and held his omi almost to the tlnlih ot a good trial. PIGEON SHOOTING. ALBURY GUN CLUB. (By T£LEanAPn FIIOM OOB COBBESPONDENT.) ALBURY, KBIDAT. The above club held a meeting to day with tho following results : FIRST COMPETITIOrT 10R THE PltESIDESl'S THOPHY. Double rises, fho pairs of birds, to go In G j arda of handicap distance ; LI optional an ccp. Mr. 1'. Hayes, 20 )da.7 Mr. A. 1'rc»,22yds.0 Mr. W. Fro», 26 )da.6 FOÜBTH COMPETITION OLOB FUND TBOPBT. Seven birds ; £1 optional sweep. Mr. A. Frow, 28 yda.6 Mr. II. K. Lucas. 2J j (Is .4 Soy eral syyecpstakes folloyycd, the first being amongst Messrs A Frew, li T Lucas, and J. Hayes, the second divided be tucen Messrs r. Ilajcs and II. Lucas ; and tho third non bj Mr. J?. Ha) es. WRESTLING. MILLEU V DINME. I At tho Victoria hall to night Miller and DInnio contest their second match for £100 The styles aro Gnoeo Roman and catch us catch tan. chosen hy Miller. bcotch and sidchold, picked by DInnio, nnd Cornish ti tun ed by Miller as tho result of lila winning tho toss for tho odd st) lo To win tho stake a com pot I tor must gain three falls. Tho judges and referee w ill bo chosen on tho stago, cara being; taken tosocuro experienced men Considerable interest is evinoud in tho contest, as DInnio has an unbeaten record for mixed mutchcB and Millar lias uc\ cr before wrestled tlio sldohold and Comifili styles. Thu few front scats left may borosoned at Nicholson a ni us io warchouso up to 1 o clock this afternoon, and after that hour up to 0 p m at tho hall_ ROWING NOirS Mattorson and Kemp hate como to arrangements for another match, for ¿100 a side, to be rowed over tho I arraraatta champion coursa on September "0 Mattcrsonsarm boa quito rcc?o\ercd from tho sprain caused a few weeks bick by the wind catching his boit as ho waa lifting it in from the water, and twist- ing his wrist Tho Roseland, an amitcur dramatic club well knott n In Melbourne, purpose gl\ lug a performance of "Hamlet'at tho Theatre Itojal on August 2ii to which tho Victorian Rou in,; Association ha\o ((ranted thctr patronage Tlio character of ilamict will bo taken by Mr 1 I Duggon, of the \arra Yarra Club Tho proceeds of tlio entertainment will bo in aid of the funds of the Hospital for Sick Children Tho Carlton football Club ha\o refused to grant assistance to tlio Rou ing Association, becauRo tho intercolonial race is closed to manual labourers which, in their opinion, Is "In opposition to tlio Interests of their team, tlio tuajouty of their players bein? men who carn their litiiig bj manual labour Messrs. Henderson Huchea O JNOUI Levej, *nd Irvine aro the elected members whoso term of offlcu on tho committee of the Mctorlan Row ing Associa ¿ion ccpiçcs In Soptctuhar 1 beso gentlemen, if nomluotul, aro eligible foi re election Keeping In mind the success pecunhry and other wise, that attended tho ract-a for tho Borax trophies the Merumtilo club now oiî.r the _,i_,ht saliers f,i\on hi the Gipja Lan 1 Hop I liters Co for competition In the siiiiu «aj it. for gcuctai seilten, eights, to bo rowed au fccptcmbci 12 an I U Mcsi>rf U Amy taee an i b Fairbairn, of Victoria, and J fs Clemens of T\ mania, aro pur mug a \cry successful ciñeras oarsmen at tlio Lngllsh Uuivcrsi tics Xho two llrst named roued as No J and Iso 7 in tho crew that won tho head of the river for tho Jesus Colicúo (Cambridço) and with tho sanio oruw won the Grund Chai eunoCup at the last Henley Regatta Tm.vwwoHkcw.su sueco sfulwlth Mesará Hutchinson and DIcKnell in defeating the Kingston, Tharne» a ti J London crews in tho llrst and second heats of tho Stewards' Cup (fours). The result ol iho | final heat h not \ot to hand Mr demons rowed ho Tlutlia Corpus Christi crew, winning tile tirst heat oí the Ladies' Challenge Plato Tho Argonaut (Canadian) crew, that wore to haie beaton every thing before them at Henley, cuno in now hero in the mee for the btuw&tds; Cup at llcnlej Xhcir rowing is described as "short, quick, and uah.* FOOTBALL. The following are the matches to be played by senior clubs this afternoon :— Essendon v South Melbourne, on the South Mel- bourne cricket ground. Members of the Essendon football club will be admitted to the ground on pro- duction ol Ihur tickets South Melbourne team - Jlrool a, Hums DecU, DochcrU, DICKCSUII Lim«, Qrave, limnciaj Harper, Hill Minchin (two), M Shane 51 Knight, M Kcn?io, M Donilü, PUKC, Iîci 1, WooJ, Young, imeic,c[icks, Dodds, MQSÍ ai 1 Parry Lösend on will be represented from tho foi lowing, who are requested to meet at Bush Inn at 2 Cm sharp Aitken, Butt, Dunn, francis, Hem* )£, G n tilth, Harrie Latnr, Martin, M ead or, Moline, Mooro, M Shane, i»ully, Mcolson, Powell, I'iko, Pear son Kout (two), Stafford, binith, iJcbire \UUon Richmond \ Geelong, on the Richmond Cricket ground Richmond team will bo selected from tho following -Crohau, Conlon Hder, Graliam,UowaTth( Harper, Jackman, Leighton OShanass>, O won, Purcell, Rushton, Stow art, Sylc/ ¡searle, Stephens Shand, Smith, Xajlor, ftookej, Christie, Kelso, and Stephenson. Fitxro) v Hotham, on tho FItzro> Cricket-ground -The following will representtitzroj -Begs, Burke, Carew, Coleman, Carroll, Cock, Mliott, Lulng, Harr¿ Kerrigan, M'Miaue, Muir, Maher (\ ice cap* tain), Mctllng, nathan, llappiport, Rowe, Shcarwood, Ta} lor, and ft orrall (captain) Hotham toam w III be chosen from - Alesslo, Bundo, Ualloy, Baines, Carlton, Choro, Flow era, Hems, Houston, John ston (two), Morris, M'Crack on, Noel), 0 Brien, i'crkins, ltac. Pojo, bli aw, Swan, Tlcrnan, Tankard, and Todd Goal Umpire-T A. Rundo Carlton \ ft illiamstown, at Prluoe'n Oial -Carlton team-AitI on Baker, Breen, Burko, Co\ontr¿, Crapp, Cameron (two), Drow, II j land J ohne ton. Jackson, Lo}din, Morgan, M Iitornoj, O Beni Strick land, Whelan Wilson, woods, e morgen des. Rickards, Melville ftilllaimttauu team-Brown, Clark, Utz patrick. Gibbs, Hall, Hillman, W H Jones, ft Jon c3, James, Kennedy, Laming, Litchfield, Mack roll, M Donald L loree Rivett, Smith, ScrU0112er, Ta>lor, Tubb. Worrell, Wonoll Melbourne \ Utmcrsitj, at University Cricket ground The following will rcprasont Melbourne - -Aitken, Baird, Balley, Braj sim, Carroll, A Loul son, C Coulson. Edwards, Franks, Gritllth, Hubbard, Jotirutoik Kerrit.T Kelly, 1 j nar, M Crlndle, Prop stintr, Plant, Koldo, ltoss, Robinson, Strachan, Spooner The following matches between junior clubs will also be played to day :—Caulfield v. South St. Kilda (second twenty), on Coast Cricket-ground ; Grace- park v. Lewisham, at Grace-park, Hawthorn ; St. Kilda Royal (second twenty) v. North Williamstown Excelsior, at the St. Kilda reserve ; South St. Kilda v. St Kilda, at South St. Kilda ; Northcote (second) v. Waverley, at Fawkner-park ; W. Detmold v. Sands and M'Dougall, on the Railway reserve ; South Yarra v. Southern Cross, at St. Kilda ; Rainbow v. Carlton Imperial, at the ground of the latter, Royal- park ; West-end v. North-park, at Royal-park. BRITISH ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. The two semi final ties for the George and George Challenge Cup competition will be played this afternoon Tho Albert park and Prahran O ubi pla} off on tho tiarihauscmcn'd Cricket _,iound St Kilda road and tho Carlton and Richmond clubs meet on the Carlton tricket ground, Sydne} road Kick off at both grounds nt a quarter past 3pm prompt Ladies admitted freo Tho following aru tho teams -Prahran (maroon)-A Scott (goal). Gibbs (captain) and Cowan (backs) Mecrcdy and Ma\ es (hnlf backs) Almond and 1 nama*(rieht wing), Cooke and Leonard (centres) Gibb and Bisikcr (left wing) Richmond (white)-Liddiard Coal), Sorby (captain) and ft are (backs) ft aliter and Haines (huit backs) Frost and Muirhead fright wing), A A Howard and Hobbins (centres) M callum and Butler (left wins) Carlton (red and black)-M'Ausland faoal) Amson (captain) omi M Dougall (backs) Claj ton and M Millan (halfbacks). 1 and H Bceson (right wing), ft K Spence and Austin (centres), T ft ¡apenco and Tcaro (left wing) LAWN TENNIS. M CO HANDICAP TOURNAMENT " For the first round of this e\cnt Mr Colquhoun, owing odds of half fifteen beat Mr G A ¿stephen, receiving odds of half fit teen, by 15 carnes to 1 Mr Do Little beat Mr 1 rasir, who reeehed half fifteen, by lu to 2 Mr Herring beat Mr tiri tilth who re ceived half ilftcen, by lo to ß Mr Colville receiving half fifteen beat Mr Highett owing half fifteen by Iii to 14, Mr Ross beat Mr lira) sha., who received half fifteen, hy lu to 8 Mr M Dougall receiving half fifteen, beat Mr W Hayles owing half fifteen, by lb to 0 Mr Sprnguo biat Mr Spowers who received half fifteen by lo to H Mr J Lcmpricro beat Mr Robertson, sumo chu», by 10 to (i Mr Dunford owing half Üftccn boat Mr Lush receiving 16 bj lfi to 7, Mr A'Beckett owing half fifteen boat Mr Tolson, re ceivlng half bftooii, bj 15 to J, Mr Hamilton, owing half 111 teen, beat Mr Tucker receiving half fifteen by lb to 1 lhe remaining 1U e matches w ill be pla) ed to-day, namcîj. Martin \ Audcrbon at noon, b mi til v Gregory, at half past 12 JN Ha)les \ Ord, at a quarter past 1 Riddell \ Bartram, at 2, Ralch.h v Ullathorne at half past 3 Tho following li tho result of tho draw for tho socond round - Col vii ! o \ Colquhoun, Dunsford v Da} ks or ord, Hamilton v Ross, Hafclgh or Ulla thorne v M Dougall, A De kett v Le m prion? Smith or Gregory v Sprai.ue, Anderson or Martin \ Rfddoll or Bartram Herring v Do Littlo Ibis round must must bo llulshod hy Aug 22. CYCLING The following club runs havo been arranged for to day -Noruiittby Club, to Heidelberg Victoria Club to Heidelberg, fernside Club, to Alphington, Mel bourne Club, to Heidelberg, Last Melbourne to Hoidulborg LACROSSE Tho following club matches will bo played to day - Universltj \ Melbourne Itcds at Middle park Mel bourne Blues v hast Melbourne at Rojal park, Bohemians r Collingwood, at Darling gardens QUOITS. Tlio second contest (to bo ended In thrco) for Mr T Carsons prizes, amounting to £16, will bo placed this afternoon on tho South Melbourno clubs quoitln¡, ground Gamo to commence at 2 o clock 