WINTON. (FROM OUR OWN COBKESPONDENT). OUR Progress Association had a couple of meetings last week, the business done being the election of a ranger for the town reserve, and the determino.'ion to fence in an acre of Ï[round where rubbish must bc shot. This ast is very necessary, as the mounds of rubbish lying about are both unsightly and unhealthy. It was also determined to write a letter to the Postmaster-General, asking for a bi-weekly mail. At present our letters are delivered between the hours of7'30audS'30on Saturday night, or later. The mail leaves on Monday morning aliout 6 a. m. This necessitates Sunday work, as letters must be posted by 8 o'clock on Sunday evening. I trust the postal authorities will see their way, either to arrmge that our mail arrives on Friday, or else give us the bi- weekly mail. A resolution was passed asking the Secretary to write to our member, asking him if there was a som of money on the Estimates for the purpose of having a trial railway survey between herc and Hughenden, and If not to agitate for it. Ou Friday lust our Dramatic Club gave an entertainment for the benefit of the school, Vilich was most successful. There waa a large attendance, consequently thc dollars rolled in. The performance commenced with a concert, Messrs. Gardiner, McDougall, McLennan, Marshall, and Orr proving them- selves to be sweet singers. Thc last-named gentlemaUKsvea recitation entitled "The Fire- man's Wedding" in good style, and carried his audience thoroughly with. him. This was followed by a parody on tlie îareeot "Slocum's ' Doa." smartly Written hy '* member W the Club, Messrs. Moffatt, -D. Davis, f. Davies, and Spencer taking tilt vacióos .-characters. Tlie appearance of the ghost caused ? hoots of laughter. Mr. D. Davis gave a stump speech, a form of entertainment isl -which he excels. Mr. Farrell delivered a «eat speech in re- turning thanks to the Club and the public on behalf of the School Cctwmttee. Here tired amidst great applause. The entertain- ment concluded with a short drama entitled *' Tbs Harvest Storm." The port of Mabel was capitally played by Mr. Orr.- His make- j np wa» capital, Ul fact I beard the remark made liy a stranger in the Theatre that " she 1 was the prettiest gal in Winton." Messrs. Moffat, M'DougaH. Naylor, Spencer, Murphy, O'Brien, and fleming took Che other characters'. Weather warm' and cloudy. August 33|-1885. 