The New Wesleyaa Church. OPENING TEA MEETING. A TEA mesting to celebrate the opening of the new Wesloyan church, Macquarie- street, was held in Hie Town Hall on Wednesday last, cloae upon six hundred people partalring of an excellent repast, beautifully laid out and served with every-attention to the comforts of the guests. Although all tlie'floor space of the large hall was occupied by. tables the number present wasBO great that fully half had to wait till the others had done. The tables were tended by Mrs.. Moulder, Misses Neale (2), Mrs. Prescott and Miss Byrnes, Miss Smith and Hiss Robinson, Mrs. Hart and Mrs Pye, Misses Mason <(2), Mrs. M'Oarron and Misses M'Oarron (2), Mrs. R. M'Manis and Miss M'Mania, Mrs. W. R. Murray and Miss Murray, Mist . Hunt , and Miss Mason. Mrs. Billet, and others who rendered assistance when necessary. Altogether the gathering was a most pleasant one, and passed off with credit to all concerned. In order to prevent delay while tables were being removed, and to afford visitors from a distance an opportunity of seeing the new church, the after meeting waB held in it. Proceedings commenced by the singing - of the hymn " Before Jehovah's awful throne," followed by prayer by the Rev. Mr. Taylor. The Rev. H. W. T. Pincombe announced that owing to severe indisposition the Hon, James Byrnes was unable to take the chair, and the trustees had therefore laid almost violent hands on Mr. G. T. Hunt who would preside over the mooting, _ Mr. Hunt expressed regret at the indisposition of Mr.' Byrnes, and referred to his liberality and to the great assistance he had been in the past. Referring to himself he said it was not the first time he had bem a stop-gap. When the public meeting was held after laying the foundation stone he replaced Mr.-Fletcher, and now Mr. Byrnes. As a native of old Parramatta, the son of a native—a resident of nearly 63 yeats in the town—he was proud, in : the right sense of the word, of his position. As a boy he had worshipped in the old church which now formed part of the vestry; as a young man in the chnrch they had juBt left, and now with othera he was rejoicing at the opening of a third. The first was the gift of one man, the second was largely aided by the Messrs. Byrnes, and this was the people's church. He for one could not feel comfortable in a church if he had not done his Bhare toward building it. The secretary's statement would show that effort would be necessary in the future. He for one intended keeping the chnrch before him and if he prospered should regularly set apart something for it. He trusted that all present would do the same. . Mr. Manton, secretary to the trust, then read the financial statement, which showed that the original contraot price for the churoh had been £6080. Extras had increased this considerably, and the total cost of the new building and improvements to the parsonage and pr misea generally amounted to nearly £7600. Of this in round numbers £2500 had been paid, and the committee expected to raise another £1000 by the opening services,, leaving £4000 of a debt, or only slightly over half the total cost. The proceeds of the tea had been £36 6s 6d. The Rev. J. H. Fletcher, President of the General Conference, moved the first resolution as follows:—" That this meeting rejoicing in the erection and completion of the new church records its devout thanks to Almighty God by whose blessing so important an undertaking has been brought to a successful issue, and its earnest trust that by His continued favour it may contribute greatly in the position of Christian life and happiness in Parramatta and its surroundings." The chief object of the meeting was a practical one, and until the debt was considerably reduced, the trustees would not be thoroughly comfortable. But a comfortable well built churoh with good acoustic properties was quite sufficient to console them for a debt. The churches in which they were most uncomfortable were those in which a preacher could not te heard. Still he did not like, debts on churches, and the sooner it could be said to belong nil to God and not part to the bank and part to the others to whom money was due the better. He then referred to the hallowed memories ut° the useful old church whose only adornment had been those same memories. Let them try to transfer some of those memories to the new churoh. After all the church tiuilding was only the frame, it was the congregation formed th» picture. He hoped the picture would .'<1» ys be a good one. If all the puople in Purrauiatta who could attend churches did so there would not be room for them. Large numbers must habitually keep away. Let all try to induce some of these to attend. As aiding the funds-lie suggested that each give something in memory of some departed fund. He would begin by giving £5, in memory of the late Rev. Mr. Manton—one of the best men he had ever known, and one without whom Newington College would never have been. (Applause.) The Rev. J. A. Nolan, President of the New South WaleB and Queensland Conference, seconded the motion, and prefaced hiB remarks by a reference to the death of the Rev. Mr. Huist, then awaiting burial. He then humorously deprecated the use of the word "old" in connection with Parramatta. It was now a suburb of Sydney, and the days were past when " all Parramatta turned out to see the Sydney hunt pass, and then turned in and went to sleep again." (Laughter.) But as he had said on Sunday in this new church no new doctrine would be taught —only the old beloved truths of Methodism. After some further remarks condemnatory of new ideas, the speaker went on to express satisfaction at seeing so many young people in the congregation on Sunday. If they could secure the young they need not fear the future. He pointed out—and illustrated by an anecdote—that after all it was the living church they must hope to see flourish, since church buildings did not always guarantee prosperity. The speaker then went on to argue that the democratic movement of the age possessed the elements of disintegration for all institutions, and might lead to the destruction of nineteenth century civilisation unless something saved it. Nothing would do this but the gospel as it would be treached in that building. If they lad a true living church in it they would help the world's progress. In conclusion the speaker pointed out that the interest on the debt would oe a great inenbus, and they should recollect that whatever they gave now would be reducing the principal. He would like to follow Mr. Fletcher's example but could not afford £6; he would however give half that sum in memory of the late Rev. Mr. Hurst. (Applause.) The Rev. H. W.T. Pincombe, Superintendent of the Parramatta Circuit, moved the next resolution as follows:—" That in view of the great costliness of the new church and the consequent heavy liabilities of the Trust, this meeting is of opinion than an effort should be made to raise in connection with the dedicatory services the sum of £1000 either by cash donations or promises extending over six months." If that resolution were received in a liberal spirit the church would he helped along well, but if not it would have to stagger along as best it could. He felt nervous on moving the resolution and anxious as to how it would pe received. Some people thought the church had cost too much. That he thought depended on whether they had value for the money. He was not a practical man, but his own opinion, backed up by those of many visitors, WOB that in no part of the colony was there so good a chnrch which had not cost more money. Another thing which wonld.show that the oost had been too great would' be inability on the part of the people to appreciate such a boautiful building. He^ believed that neither of these reasons could be nrged, and that the cnly proof that could be given of the coBt bring too much would bn a want of liberality and willingneBB to defray that cost on the part of the congregation. Of course it was just that the next generation should pay a part of the cost, but they might have other things, to pay for. Tbey had not huilt a new chuich in Parramatta for 46 years, • j. . . . -- »I in the district for many years. In the past 1 twenty years he had had to subscribe to twenty new churches. Once in a lifetime they might give, and give liberally, remembering the Lord loved a cheerful giver.. (Applause.) . .The Rev. J. Clifton (Hyde), the former superintendent of this circuit, congratulated tne Wesleyans of Parramatta on this beautiful ohurch. In his opinion it was the moBt beantiful Methodist church in the colony. (Applause.) He did like to see a beautiful church. Some people did not, and thought that they .ought to have spont less on that church and devoted the rest of the money to some other good purpose. But they would 'find that those who were moBt ready to give to a beautiful church were most ready to give for other purposes. To get away from the money question a little, he wanted to ref6r to the object for which the church was built. It was u place ,«f' worship, and nothing else. He hoped that long as the building stool it would be nsad for that purpose, and have preached in it the old Gospel. Some people thought that if they wanted a chnrch to prosper they must have a beautiful building, others that they must have good singing, others that tbey needed a grand organ, and others that they ought to have a brilliant preacher. What they really wanted was Christ in the church. Touch the people's hearts and get them converted and they wonld soon do away with the debt. To do this tbey must have the power of God—the true Holy Ghost power. Let them he as anxious about this as they were about the debt, and they would find it was easy to raise funds.- He thought they ought to raise a good slice of the £1000 that night. If everyone gave a little they could greatly reduce the total amount. (Applause.) The cihairman nut the resolution, which was carried. He said he would like, SB chairtn'ali,' to do something liberal, but the churoh had already cost him about £120! He would, however, give £25 more. He would take the opportunity of mentioning that he had received ja cheque for £10 from SErs. J^eter Miller. Mr. Pincombe said he had received a cheque for £10 in the name of the late Rev.' H. U. Gaud. i The Bey. Mr. Forsaith congratulated the church on its handsome place of worship, and thought they had no need to be. alarmed He knew something of building churches and paying debts. ' He had initiated the building of handsome churches in Parramatta. When he came there were none but All Saints' Churoh a bit out of the town. There was the ugly Presbyterian Church, there was St. John's, and the barn that had been left for the building they now stood in. Hehsd cotrustees behind him and no wealthy constituency, and began with a debt of about £2000. When he left this was reduced to £700, and now it was outof debt. (Applause.) As to filling the church he must say he did not believe manufactured revivals. Let the members of the church show a true Christian spirit and the revival would come the first great Christian revival came. In conclusion he said that having no charge now and not intending to accept one at his time of life be would at any tdm9 assist as much as lay in his power. (Applause.) The Rev. M. Williams also congratulated the church and heartily wished it prosperity. They had a large number of members and of adherents, and all they wanted was God's : >resence and assistance, and this they need not : ear but they would have. He briefly expressed pleasure at being present on such a pleasant occasion. (Applause.) A vote of thanks was then passed to the contractors (Messrs. W. Hart and Sons) and the architect (Mr. Tosh), on thq motion of Mr. Pincombe seconded by Mr. Clifton. Mr. Hart responded, and apologised for the absence of Mr. Tosh. Mr. Pincombe at this stage announced that the amount already realised by the opening services and that meeting exceeded £226. (ApplauBe.) The Rev. C. J. Prescott moved a vote ofthanks to the trustees, the lady collectors and providers of the tea, and tho Bev. J. Fletcher and the Rev. J. A. Nolan for their services. Mr. J. E. Sparks seconded the motion, which was put to the meeting by Mr. Pincombe and. carried by acclamation, Mr. Purnell acknowledging the compliment on behalf of himself and co-trustees. A vote of thanks to the chairman was then carried, and the proceedings closed with the singing of the doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction. 