There's a proverb that says you must laugh to grow fat; So its meaning to follow endeavour. If you lean on our columns it's meet you should know That you're sure to grow fatter than ever. Up north the playful alligator makes things a little lively when the residents of that extremely hot portion of the Australian continent go in for aquatic gymnastics. Some Bowen boys had a swimming-hole up the river, but they were often driven out of the water by a very ungentlemanly alligator who came to sample them. At last they hit on a little racket to get even with him. They constructed a buoy, the exact size and shape of an every day sort of boy, filled it pretty full of nitro- glycerine, and pushed it out in the river with a long pole. Mr. Alligator came down on his daily sampling expedition, with his mouth wide open, like an overgrown rat-trap, and, without asking any question, he shut down on him like a bulldogon a shin of beef. He didn't want to take a sample, but he took the whole consignment at market price. Something happened all of a sudden, and he went off just at the same time the nitro-glycerine did, and he was fired tail first about three mile up the river before he had time to settle up for the consignment. Moral-Boys will be boys. I tried a conundrum, the other evening, at my landlady's expense. \It didn't come out right somehow. The fellows where I hang out are awfully dull.; My landlady was pouring out some tea when I remarked, in my usual humorous style, "Why is that tea like my back ?" Nobody spoke so meekly "CO',ME TO DINNER." explained thusly, "because it is rather weak." Nobody laughed; but the landlady said, "Weak tea ! eh ? weak back I el ? Well, you've no cause to growl. You're a week back with your board." They laughed then, but I didn't think it was funny. A young physician has lately located him self in a fashionable neighbourhood. Up to date he has had but very little practice,.but he puts on a lot of side, and bustles about like a bluebottle fly in a sugarshop. One of the older physicians met him the other day, and, after kindly asking about his health, in quired how he was getting on in his practice. "I've got more than I know how to do," said the boastful one ; "nearly knocked up for want of rest. I had to get out of my bed five times last night; couldn't get a wink." "Why don't you buy some insecticide ? re marked the old doctor, as he passed on to do his usual rounds. One of the leading piembers of ai lirge financial institutioi in Melboiurne ait one time belonged to the pawnbroking persuasion, and in the early days of the diggings he once made a journey to Forest Creek, .now knorwn as Chewton. On the road he, with a.lot of others, was stuck-up by two. armed 'bush rangers. " Bail up I and shbll, out your pewter." said the chief ruflian, presenting lii revolver right in the little pawnbroker's face. " So help my shiminy gracious I I've only got two hundred quid," said uncle three balls. " Hand 'em over," said the bushranger, laconically. Uncle handed them over, keep. ing back six sovereigns. " What are you keeping back that six quid for ?' mildly ih quired the man, putting tlhe muzzle of his pistol against uncle's forehead. " "Ioly. Moses 1" ejaculated mine uncle in a passion; "don't you let a man take out three lper cent. when he advances money without' security?" . I don't know whether this paragraph will be allowed insertion, but I write it in hopes it willescape the watchfulmanager's eye. The other day I called at this office, and saw the editor seated at the desk. He is an old man, who has weathered many a rough colonial storm, and how lie manages to keep out of the Kew Asylum after enduring the sneers and jibes of the aristocratic staff who keep up the brilliancy of this paper by their salient scintillations of wit and command of sarcasm, is more than I can understand. Even the manager treats him with con tumely, but he plods oni in his mill-horse style, and doesn't appear t6 take any notice. Whilst I was talking to him on the day I speak of, the proprietor, a man without the slightest refinement or care for a fellow creature's feeling, suddenly entered the office and said, " Splodge, I shall have to reduce your salary till the cold weather sets in." "Why ?" asked the poor victim, his face bursting out in a violent perspiration, and his heart sinking to zero. "Because I find that a large portion of your time, which should be devoted 'tmy service in hashing up funny things for this original paper, is devoted to knocking flies off the top of that bald head of yours." The poor old -man gazed vacantly at him for a moment, crashed a large bluebottle that was having a free lunch in the shade of some grey hairs on his occiput, and burst into tears. The whole in cident was so exceedingly painful that I had to leave the office and get a refresher. Said the judge-" You stand convicted Of stealing this man's watch. You didn't mean to do it? How?" " His purse Imeant to snatch." Two German military officers recently met in a duel, and one shot the other. Thie cause of the trouble was that one of these brave defenders of Vaterland had put on the other brave defender's hat. There was once a German professor whose chief boast was that he had not washed his head for seven years, and always wiped his pen il his hair. IHence there may have been good reason for this duel. SThe Herald tells us that-" when the boot makers' strike took place, one of those wlho went out was a bootmaker. There would be nothing very extraordinary about this, only this particular bootmaker went in again to..a public-house-and later on died of delirium tremets. Moral.-Put not your trust in strikes, nor your, credit in public-houses. They are both bad. Mr. Call, P.M., lately, when referring to indecorous conduct, on' Sunday at the Mel-. bourne General Cemetery, said this state of affairs must lie shocking to people who came in astate of grief with funerals. He believed that the goings on inside the cemetery, too, were not altogether proper. Mr. Call should confine himself to judicial matters on this side of tihe grave. Even if the ghosts of earlier departed mortals should turn out to welcome the ne?ly arrived, and even sliould they attempt to drag inthe undertaker, pall bearers, or chief-mourners into the bargain, wliat is that to'Br. Call? It is rumored that the Salvation Army in tends to. :adop't the following' poetichl motto:- , ,.. . ' , Suu . t.'SuL.lic.loud timbrel S.; ' . Bmng the big- drums,. . Il-i-Ha. out your. h'snners, S n' . \· ; In.purlieus "a'soldis '". ;;The loTn-ii; amies Mainro,,on' his' arrival in EEngl'ind, will liive an 'iiportaiit plitical mission to irry ut, '.'He his, leen deputed. ,by theltetotuallers of Vicdoria to' protest to IMr. Gladstoie against the. sale importation; or manufacture of spirituous liquors in New Guinea. Everyone of note who, in these days, goes home from Victoria is entrusted with a mission of some sort. Hence surprise need not be expressed at our Jimmy being entrusted with a small one on his own ac count.. The interview with Mr. Gladstone will be somewhat as follows : " My name's Munro." " " Oh, yes, I've heard of you. You are the well-known Melbourne manufacturer of pokers, and tongs, and shovels, and ploughs, and harrows, and other agricultural imple mentsl" "No, you mistake me. I am the Hon. James Munro, head'of the Victorian Total Abstainers." " Oh, yes, you are the gentleman whom the Melbourne comic papers are always jok ing about the size of his feet. But. they are not so large, after all. Are they?" "Sir, I feel insulted at being confounded with Major Smith. I am-" "Yes, that's it. Surely you 'can't be the funny-looking little man who is always re presented with a long beard and an um brella 1" " I saymy name's Munro I" "Oh, all right; we'll take !that as uider stood. What do you want?" "1 come to you as the representative of the total abstainers of Victoria, to inform you that on no account must spirituous liquor be sold, imported to, or manufactured in New Guinea." "Yes, but you must see Scratcliley about that--" "And that if our mandate be disobeyed, the total abstainers of Victoria will rise against the British Crown, and' Melbourne will then sever her connection with Great Britain." "Will you 1" "Yes, I once killed a man.". "So did I, you know-Gordon." " Well. what is your answer ?" .. ' We won't.". , You won't ?" SINo I" .. "W1ell,.I'in dairned I" (Exit.) 