lpoetrfc . - Xli© Secret of fflie Broolc. The silver brook is danoing light All in tba golden Bunnhino bright ; Aotosa tho stones with moss bedight, Ita oi' Vnp eddies whirl and fight, hi many a lonply nook j ti .»n**ntivci TOtf.li mnlndintif! flow Among tho liliea white no snow, As onward it doth flinging go Toward the mighty Boa below ; Thus ripples on tho brook. Come to mo, Lovo I The flay in lair, And blossom-scented in tho air, Tho flowers their ohoiooat colours wear, 'Tig beauty hero and beauty thero j Par as tho oye can seo j Together lot ub joyous ,air\rj. i moBt, than it you were dead.' ' I know it,' ho replied ; ' and looking back, I tell you quite honestly that I cannot think bow I tNd it. It was a piece of boyish, Quixotic folly. I novor thought of tho con sequences. 1 never thought of what would happen. I Beeined to remember nothing but the fact that I bad pei'Buaded th'o girl to go out, and that through me, oho waa at that honr of night without homo or shelter.' ' But thore were a hundred other ways and mrmiH 1 ' oried the onri. ' None of them obourred to mo,' Raid Lord Carsdale. ' I do not excuse myself in the least ; I have not one word to say. You are very angry, father? ' ' Tes ; I am more disappointed than angry. I thought so much of. you; I had built per haps extrnvagant. hopes over you, for ' lovo you.' - Lord Carsdale 'sighed deeply. ? ' Shall wo part in anger, father ? ' ho a&ked.; ' Wo have never had an unkind word — will you not be a little meroiful to me now ? ' ' I cannot,' said tbc oarl, v?ith a 'low moan, us of sudden pain — ' I cannot, for you have destroyed my lifo 1 ' And those ware the last words that passed between them for many years. CHAPTER LXV. A NOWiK WOMAN'S ADVIOK. ' I do not know,' said Lord OarftdAle, ' how I Imvo summoned courage to toll yon tho truth. I can navcr hops that you will forgive me.' lie was sitting with Lady Ethel under one of the great spreading oaks in the park^ He had asked her to come out with him, as he liad something very particular to nay te her. Ono look a! his troubled, haggard face told lier the words were not idle ones, and, with out any reply, she put on her hat and mantle, and went with him. How ho told her the story bo never knew, Tho worils left hifl lips, but ha teemed to have lost all control over them. The only thing that ho remembered very dearly was that soma late roses v/ero blooming near them, and that, to the end of his lifo, the odour of a rose made his very heart siok and faint. 'I have nothing to forgive,' Baid Lady Ethel. ' I have long sinoe felt quite sure that tbto was a eo'crat o£ some kind or other in your life. 1 knew that you loved me when yoamftma hero five yeara ago; but, , Lord Caredftlc'I do not understand why you asked uiothat question a lew days sineo. If you Wcto married at that timo, how could you want to know whether I lovod you or not? ' IK) told her what he had intended, and sho shrank from him as sho listenod. ' That would have been wrong,' etio Baid, ' and if you had askpd me, I should have told you bo. Onoe a marriage, always a marrmgo —nothing can change it. Even if yon had legally and lawfully obtained that Reparation, and if 1 had been told the truth, I should hnvo refused to piarry yon.' ' Ethel 1 ' ho_ oried, reproaohfully. ' I am speaking tho plain truth,' aha outd. ' I have my own ideas of right and wrong ; nothing could change them.' ' I wi3b,' ho said humWy, '? that you would tell mo just what you think of my oonduot, without the least fear— will you, Ethel? ' Sho raised her beautiful face to his, and- ho saw how palo it was ; hia heart amoto him aa he looked at her. « ' I will tell you,' she said, ' just what I Hunk. Your admiration of ft pretty and gentle girl was simplo enough ; tbo first wrong ? r i.utj mi a|ji;uiuug uu IXHL j yUU UUll HO IJgUt to do it— she was not of your station or your class, and no good aould come of any acquain tance between you ; iho Becond wrong Btop was in aolting her to go out with you ; still, . your motive was, you aay, kindnets, yet it was most dreadfully imprudent. 01 your inarrinjo, I oau only nay that it wan a ijiixotio folly j I can understand it, thouRh, and in soma measure forgive it ; it was tho raBh impuko of ft rash boy— tho quiokeGt but most fatal way out of a. difficulty. Will you jcrgive me, if I say that your ruarringo seems . Jo mo far loss culpable tlmu tho silenco tliat followed it. You ask me to diaeeot your conduot, and I do no. Why did you not boldly own what yon liad done ? I mako all ftllowanco. You diid not liko to grieve your parents, yet you havo open obliged to grievo them in tho end; Ytfu wera cautious on account of tho Daka of Olaverdon ; bis Iovq ?or your sister must have been very weak if it could not stand that strain on it. It aeemB to mo that your Bilenoa was weak and cowardly.' . » ' Oh, Ethel,' ho oricd, ' spare ma 1 ' 'You hnva uBked me for the truth,' she said j '? I must tell yon that or Mothing. It may bo ueoful.to you at aomo time.' *'Xob are right,' ho caid. 'Go on, iUnel.' ' .'Tlion, I think next, that you (fid wrong 1 ovor rne, very wrong. I was young w'lien I mot you horo, anil you nought me. Why did you do that, knowing that you wcro married? True, you did not perhap's what tha world ollflmako lovo to nio, lyst you were liko my shadow, and y,on must havo seen that I was learning to cow few you.' . ' Efthol,' ho cried, hurriedly. ' I toll you, though tho worda covor mo with ahamo, I loved you bo madly that I never hardly thought of mj mnrriago ; I did not realieo it.' ' It was Su-bruol wrong to mo,' she. said, with Rfintlodiguity, ' very aruol.' ' Will yon lorgivo mo, Ethol ? ' ho nuked, sadly. ' I oan never forgive mynclf.' ' Yea, I forgivo you ; but all my life I iihall have to suCEur for your fo'lly. Lord Onrsdalo, people any fhSt- prudenco is a prim, proaaio virtue. Look at tho desolation mid tho suf fering brought into bo many livos, then say if prudonoob* not tho vittuo of kings.' '.'I Bee it,' he said, gravely. H'er face lightened and brightened through il ita pallor. ' That ia what I ffliirfk ot you,' aha paid. I have told you tho worsts now lot mo oom irt you by saying that I do not think you ftve been guilty of any great sin — imprn- moo 13 not always a nin ; but while I sp9ft'k i of you, tell mo in what worda I am to )oak of that glorious, that noblo woman, :-ur\wifa? Slip is beyond prnioo, and I )ink*o£ her with'my heart warm and inyeycn tH of teara. Think what sue has suitored. it how brave, how noblo, how courageous te is. She must hnvo felt that, quite un nisobuBly, I was her rival. Yet nho was ways ready to help me— to invent pretty i-esEOB for rue. I doolaro to you that I never loo aaw an impatient look on her face : and, h, Lord (Darsualo, do you remember that zoning when my dress was disarranged, and io knelt down to etitoh it ? I understand nur impatience now. Tbero is no ono liko or in tho world — not ono. .Think,' aho )titinued, 'of hsr patient love, imagino her lonce under all thntie falso noausations. ord Oaradalo, you may thank Heavon that ou havo found so good a vile. Your im rudence in this onso has turnod out a blessing 3 you. I oonsider Ailio, as you cull hur, ono f the most noblo and perfect women I have ver snon.' ' Thank you for speaking soikindly of her, Ithcl,' he replied. ' I know it' all, and moro. 0! her beauty lore cannot bo two questions ; ono only seen loh a face in a lifo-timo. You havo every nson to be proud of your wife, Lord Oars lie.' ' Heaven blsas you, Ethel, you are a trne tend,' he replied. ' Now you havo made a wound, give me the ouro. You tell mo ?.ry frankly in what I have done wrong. Now tell me how I can bast set about making that wrong right.' She mused gravely for some minntea, then, she looked earnestly at him. ' Aro you ready to follow tho advioa that I shall give you,' sho asked, ' oven though it bo in ouino measure painful? ' ' Yos, I am qui-to willing, Ethel ; I promise it,' ho replied, gravely ; and aho knew that ho would keop his word. ' Then I will toll yon what I think, Lord Carsdale, and how it is beat for you to rnakti the wrong right. Your first duty is now to your wife — to follow her, to find her, to atone to her for all that she has suffered ; to bu a true, good, kind, loving husband to her ; to mako some nico home for her abroad for somo yeara, and then, if pessible, to seek a reconuiliation with your parents ; I do not think they will refuse it.' ' I will obay yon, Ethel, implioitly,' he said. ' You will let me write to you some times? Homo I know will be olosod against ma, and I am pledged not to tell iny secret to my sister.' 'Yes, you may write; at times,' ohe re plied. ' And, Ethel, tell me that you forgive me. GWe mo some hopo that in. your thoughtB you will not deepine mo.' you too muoh for that.' 'Tell mo that I have not spoiled yoar life/'HioBaid; 'tbut in the future you will bo happy ; tell mo that, E thel I ' . Sho shook her^bpautiful head gravely. 'It would bo idle to pretond that I do not suffer. Lord Oarsdalo, I do ; but I hope, please .God, my lifo is not all spoiled. You bavo gono tho quietest way to v.'wk by dis enchanting 'mo, by letting me see that you couW ba weak enough to keep a secret, and let a woman sailer for it. I know that I shall be unhappy for a time, but I hope to forget all about it, and meet— with— a truer lovo.' 'Do you mean that, Ethel?' ho asked, half sadly ; ' do you know ? ' She held up her white, jowelled hand,. with a oharming gesture. ' You aro goiug to talk aonoenee again,' she said, 'and I will not listen. If you wish to show your esteom for me, obey me promptly.' ' I intend doing so,' ho Bhid. ' After all that has happened,' Bhe con tinued, ' it would be quite imposiablo for you and mo to romnin in tho same honao. We must study appoaruncca; they must be kept up, no matter what goes wrong, and I think it best for you to go at onco, and I will remain ; %vomcn have moro self-oontrol than men. I oan talk, sing, and laugh, whuro you would breqk down.' 'I havo arranged to go at onoo,' ho said, sadly. 'I shall not aeo my father or motbor again. I leave Boon utter noon — and, Ethel, j Ethal 1 when ahall I nco you, or tho dear old home, or the old home faces r.jjain ? ' ' When it shall please Heaven,' ahe ra plied, reverently. ' Tell mo, Lord Oaradalo, where do you think Ailin has gone ? ' ' I can form no idea, but I ohall Cad hor,' ho replied. ' That U right— that is earnest ; now lot us aay good-bye. I must p.o baok to Lady Gart rudo ; Bho ia waiting for me.' He Bat qutte rtill for a few niiuutcB, then he eaid : - -' Good-by, Ethel ; may Heaven bless you with every bleaaing 1' Ha held tb.it white hand aa though ho would novor let it go. Ho intondud to do riaht. Ho rotrrotted all tho follv and imuru deuoo he had bf.on guiUy of, but ho wan putt ing for over with tho woman that he lovoil, and might nevor sea again. Thoso who have Boon fiho faco of the woman they lovo, yet dure not touch ib — those who hnvo listened to tho voico tjtey loved, yet dared not frpoak; may tell what ho endured. Ho saw tho boaiHiJul, bril liant faco grow paler and paler. Slio raised her lovely eyes to him. 'My strength 13 failing, Lord Caradiilo,' sho BiVid. ' I must go ;' aud the nost minute aho had pascud out of sight. ' I must live it down,' aha aaid to hersolf twonty timeo over, ' I must live it down. I havo my lifo boforo mo.' ' ? Lord Cinodale, aftfer th»t farewell, did not ro-cntor the houeo. Ho walked to tho ututiou, intending to go' to London that clay j his boxen and trunka would bo sent after him. As ho stood in tho station it ooeurred to him that ho had not tho least idea whew Ailia really was. She ratyht have Gone hpino, but he did not thijulc it likely. Ho inquivtiQ o£ tho dark in tho booking- olllco, who remembered ono of tho Eoseneath foatmon purchnsingn first-class ticket far ILondon. Then sho had gone to London. What would sho do there? On arriving in London, he wonti at ono» to tho Langhtuu, and then it ooeurred to him that he should have rncro difficulty than he had anticipated in diBooveriBg wuero Ailio had takeu lefugo. . OHAPI-ER LKVL ITUfH WryE-FAOED IiABTl 'Tmtjj yon havo not seen Ailio for somo time?' BsltedLord Oaiistlale of Boso Derwont. And tho answor was, ' No.' Ho had mado all tho aonroh poosiblo in London for his yo.ung wife, but could got no tidiuga of hor. Thoy romornbsrod hor at tho London Bridge Hotol ; and'1?i\tty, tha kindly Chamber-maid, when sho heard of inquiries being made about a young lady, told at onoo nil that she hud thought and siispeetod. Lord O.undala talked to her himsolf, aud doeoribed Ailio oxactly to her. 11 That ia tho lady I' criod tha girl. ' And you havo no idea wbero aho went?' asked Lord Cavadalo. ' Sho mentioned no town, no plaoo?' ' No,' replied tha chamber-muid, 'none.' So thero his slew eudnd. Nntutally onou»h hia noxc visit was to Budoowell, to aeo if Ailie bad roaubed home,. Thia time ho was so un grossed with unxieiy that he qiiito forgot t'o note that whioh beforehand had oo disguatad him — tho dull street, the gloomy house, tho (ividonca of poverty. Ho though only ot find ing AiHo, and atoning to her for what «ho fiilTL'rod ; her horoisra tuul boon ao great that, In bru oyeu, it ounoblod ovon tho moat oom mon-placo auiroundi-ugH.' Aa a matter of ooun-o, tho v/holo f.imily woro astonished to aea him, and etill moro aatounded at what ho had to tell thorn; for iio would hava no znore couueuhnent, and, aeudiiTg for tho dauclng-mastcv and hia aR toniuhad wifo, ho told tho truth about hifl namo, his title, and position. 'At tlio aanio time,' ho aaid, ' I must tell you quite fairly that my marring cum too off entirely from my family forever. It hr.a been kept a eeorct from thorn nil theso yeara ; now thoy know it, and I havo bi'ddoa them farowell forever.' John Derwent and his wife were both over- come. '?To think,' aaid John, ' that tuoh a thrng should happen.' 'To think,' cried Mrs. Derwent, 'that my daughter Bhould bo eiady of title.' Thoy were both Bpoeohlesa after that one remark. ' Of course,' continued Lord Carfldole, ' now that my marriapo ia known, I should like to seo you in a different position. I havo influential friendo, and I do not doubt in tho ? UliSU UUt VIUMU X UUll [JIUIJUIU 1111 JIUU ttUlUU littlo oflico under (jovornment, bauidea whioh I will Rfittlo a yearly vucomo on you moro than eqiMV,a!ent to that whioh you now earn. I phall have to trust to your good senao entirely never to mention my family or speak of them in any way, aa it would lead to more harm than good.' J,ohn Derwent and hia wifo wero both over whelmed — thoy oould n;iy nothing. Then ho mads inqurrica abofct Trunk, and learned that ho gave promise, somo day or other, of being ii auporb engineer. ' I oonsidor Frank'n fortune mado, sir,' said John Derwent, gratefully; 'and I havo you to thank for it. my lord — no ono elso.' Then Lord Carsdule had to listen to the atory of Rose's engagement to tho young ourato; and, looking at tho girl's sweet faoo, be did not wonder at her marrying well. Then Hcttie looked up at him with ono of her frank, atrftnge sniihja. ' I am not ono of tho genteel members of tho family,' she Baid, ' and I am not pro vided for, but I tall you ono thing, Lord Oars dale, I would not marry a lord, as poor Ailio has done, without ho loved me bettor than you loved hor.' ' You aro right, Hettio. I do not oxotlsa mynelf, but I will atono in the futuro for the crrora of tho past.' Ho would not alarm thorn by telling thorn that ho had ao completely lost all traso of Ailie; he lot them believo tbcro had been UUU1U UUbLUUti UIJUUU IUUU tiUVHVlU[£. JJ-a found from his inquirwa that nono of them had any idea of Ailie'a whereabouts. He want fcWiy aa soen aa ho could, having but tho one idea of finding hor. The surprise, tho wonder, tho bcwildermsnt that fell upon that little household 1 Ailio, their beautiful Ailio, hatl married a loidl Mrs. Denyent rooked horaelE pathetically to and fro, wiping the groat taara from hor eyes. ' I always Eaid that Ailio was no common kind of gitl,' she Baid, ' but nono would be lievo me.' Tho dancing- masterl ooked at hia flddla. ' You and I part now,' ho said ; ' but you have been a true friend to me.' Tho secrot was imparted, under all possible vows of seoreoy, to tho ourato, who moritally congratulated^ himself on having mado a good match. Visions of a good living, presented to him by his brothor-in-law, Lord Oawdalo, floated aorosa his mind. In tha meantime, Lord Caredala himsolf was quito at a loss where to look. It was wondurful how one illusion after another drew him from placa to pluce. Somotimea it was tho story of a lady found drownod in tha deptliB of aomo t.witt, deep river ; again it was tho, body of n lady washed aahoro ; it was an unknown lady killed in n railway aooident ; or it was tha history of a myster ious death. Wherever bo heard or read anything of thokicd, ho went atouco; but, noithur living nor dead, could ho find any trace of Ailie. It was a railway aooidont that drew hia attention to Forjibay — an esonreibn train -Sad coma in oolliBion with u hoavy goada (rain, the result of whioh was tho death of Homo twenty patisongera aud tho injury of flome twenty others. It was noboily'n fault — quito an accident, tho Eotvants o£ tho oum puny declared — on,o that uo human intelli genco oould havo forseen. Among tho liat of of the dead came a dusoriptipn of a lady un known. Sho was described aa very boauti fnl, with long golden hair ; aud when Lord Cufsdalo reud it;, bin hwu't grew faint. Ha forgot how many hsautiful women with gol den hair thero two in tho world, and ho wont direct to Bombay. It was not Ailio. Boforo ho reaohod thoro thn rrnli'lon.liftirfid ln.(lv htid b^p.n rp.r»n(Mii'/.p.(l by a hueband, who was driven mad by hor untimely death. Still, Loird Cftrudulcreno!vod iipon staying thero; it was a pretty plaoo, and ho had a pleanrmt memory o£ tho one happy tliiy that ho had upi'nfc with Ailie thora'. Ha wont to tho same hotal whero oho had boon bo full of preity, innocont v.'ouder and mirpriso. l'hoy did not recognize him thero. Later nn that owning ho walked down to tho heaah ; it was ft yurioua place— quaint, nUl-fanhioniid, anJ, at timea, very solitary. Ha walked paet tho pier, whero the band waa ' oiificourning eloquent musia,' dowu by Hio oliffd, and stood them looking at Rn ojd, iuiuod jetty that ran out into tho oon.- It was a ? quiet, dcsolato plaoe ; there waa uo nound of inunio, uo gay premoundois, ko ohildrou at play. Thc-ra lay tho blua sea ; tho whitd. cliff a eloped down to ib, and from tba sliinglo the black, ruined jetty ran out far uud wide into Iho oea. Such a quaint, boH tary Eoond had not met hia tyea for years. Ho stood watobiug it, wondering how ttaat old jetty woirid look under i\ darkening aky, with groat, dark waves leaping over., it ; and as he ao Blood, thore canjo to him an old coast-guurd, who touched his cap aa'd begun to talk. That jetty, ho said, had been for yeara and yeara but mf repair ;, it was never ussd now. In limoa lo»g past, queoaa and kings had landed on it ; but now it was given up to a ghost. . , ('fo l/o tfimtinued.) ? 