SPORTING NOTES. By Niwkamer The weights for the YJLG. N«w Ymfa Diy mwti«g were issued on Monday, nnd Mr. BantBtd, on the whole, mm to have w» more then ordianiily MaMBn « performing his ttak. Ike Agssrt needs the fist in the Hnrdh Base, bnt, as he and itogal MiH have been stroek oat, Oaaaher is now top weight with list 21b. I fancy, however, that Insolvent, Maria PfaMtop, Genesal Jackson, Waveriey, and Gzatton are inoet likely to furnish the ultimate winner. The Ghost, Bea Horse, Ringmaster, Bohemian, Karens, Alhanos, Allander, Hippogrifl, Bcyai Maid, and Bonnie Doon ere all nioely wrighted to the Standish Plate; while Goodwood, Moreen, Stag, Naming, and Monarch are a quintette from which the winner may be found. In the Midsummer Handicap, Madcap, Sea Horse, The Ghent, Chaeketer, Retnc, New York, and Leahia read well, aud Dividend, The Nun, and Pboshe Walton appear to have' the best claims in the Criterion Stake. Eisternwiok Park ought to be worth a visit this (Saturday) afternoon, as the entries are sufficiently ncmeroue to justify the belief that the rport will he more than ordinarily interesting. The programme will open with one of those sool stirring events known as a Maiden Trot, and after ibis thrilling contest has been disposed of, the Hurdle Baee will be taken to hand. The Chief has already displayed a fondness for this coarse, and, as be has been treated with s kindly hand by Mr. Vowles, he ought to win, though Oculist and Distiller are likely to prove troublesome. I take Orlando to be the pick of those engaged to the Deeember Handicap, and Nuncio and Mrs. Jar ley look to me to be the beet to the remaining lot. Goodwood is in eueh form jait now that he may prove suoressfoi, hot all going will find Monarch and Gippslander pretty hard to beat. For the Blaternwiek Park Handicap I have a fancy for Irralee, Umberto, and Genoe, and either Kit Nubbles or Bon Bon may appropriate the New" Chum Trophy. Thocgh not framed on the same ambitious as the annual race meeting of the Victorian Glob, the committee of Bowes s Tattersall's Club submitted a very creditable programme on Saturday last for the delectation of race-goers. The weather, too, though a trifle warm at times, was well suttee for racing, and, as a ooneequenoe. fast time was the order of the day. For the initial event of the after noon, the Nursery Handicap, nine candidates weighed out. It was some time before the money market was rrgolated, for at first The Nun waa a strong favourite. She speedily went back, however, to the betting, sad Mary Hawthorn became thefiret choiea. Garibaldi, too, was expected to ma welL Colleen JDhaa so disappointed her petty tm the previous Saturday that they did not have confidence in her. She, however, got well away, and making the beat use of her advantage, kept to front all the way, and won easily from MxetraL 1 dost know why Maty Hawthorn was made favourite, for she was aa green and untractable as if she had «rfy been broken to the day before. J. King is doing very well with Aee, with whom be has won a couple of selling ranee. I faney, however, that the acrideni to Saaramoueha was a fortunate tnxng for Mr. J. Cruickehank'a" horse. The running for Bowes's TattereaU'fl Cup waa a complete reversal of the form shown at Bendigo, for while Umberto appeared to be unable to raise a gallop, Gratitude, whom he so eerily anqriehed to the Bpaom Bendseap at the Forest City three weeks previously, won to a center. Sach is the uncertainty of the port. The 8outh Australian filly, who is one of the handsomest fltfite to training, looked very well indeed, but the stable were not over-confident, as the daughter of Countryman and Serenity has proved herself a trifle unreliable. Still, Mr. J. Pile haeked her for about £1.000. It waa lucky for the members of the ring that Mr. W. Hie was not present, for, had he been os the ground, he woald have supported the mare to win shout five tunas that amount. I thought Perebauce shaped fairly well, thoueb, after iB, it was not much of a performance for a tbree- . year-rid full brother to Guesswork to get third to a six -furlong tare with fist, on his back, and suffer defeat fay Mrs. Jaricy. Maydew, who, I believe, is o wired by Alec. Robertson, the jockey, was ssid to have done a good trial, on the strength of which she was pretty freely backed ; indeed at one time she approached 3 to I, and was as good s favourite as Gratitude. She was a bit troublesome at the atari, and, whpn the flag fell, she lost some lengths, wbieb, however, she soon made up. Before half the distance was got over she again fell hack, and finished last. I thought Mr. Halinbonrg gave a big price for Trishna when be bid 140 guineas for her. After all, it was only s mediocre performance to beat Phoebe Wahor, who gavp her bait about three lengths start, and, despite this advantage, ooald only just get home. Solo was very nieriy ridden to the Licensed VutueUere' Handicap— albeit enefa finishes often give s handieapper an exaggerated i.iea of flu capabilities of a horse. Solo is a full brother to Golstonn, so that he ought to be feat. It h pleasing to note that the Beodigo Jockey Club has entered into a new eta of prosperity. The recently published balance street for the financial year shows the profits for that period to be over £300, Members' snbeeriptions amount to £2fi7 15s., and £26fi 15s. has here merited for book makers fees. The committee have paid off £200 debentures, and a substantial sum has been piaeed at fixed deporii to the Union Bank. I am glad to see that several necessary riteratioas are to be mode to the stoepterirere course. The three Isoom ia front of tire stand will be placed further apart, and will be made a couple of panels wider. The big wall is to be pulled down and re-erected, and it has boos derided that in future the start will take place at ouch a distance aa will give the horses time to eettig down before coming to the first obstacle a boon, I am sure, that eraseimuntry jooksys wOl much relish. The president of the (Mr. A. 0. Wilson) has prnnileril to pay the I#st of rotfef torifibifi jadprti bet; ftgd Mr. F. BL Cook (muremeur to Misem. Joseph and Go.) will give the dob a large eloek, to be fixed at the back of the jodge'e box to resister tec official time of each race. Ala meeting of the Sale Turf Ctob on Saturday last it was derided to hold the races on the 17tb and 18th February. The following gentlemen were elected ofixoe- baarera: — Mr. W. Pearson, president; Captain Bnmril, vfee-preriaent ; Mr. M. L, Peterson, tremwrer ; secretary, Mr. A. A. M'MBlan ; stewards, Messrs. Pearson, A. Smith, George Davit, W. R. Power, B. Johnuon-Boe ; haadrespper, Mr VowieS, From Sydnsy I learn that the opening meeting of tbe Windsor Farm Rase Club waa hrid on Saturday last, and wis well patraniaad, while tbe racing was very good. Tbe First Handicap was woo by Arista, with Rebus second and Pet Girl third. Little Jimmy was successful to tbe Selling Raoe, besting Beaumont and Try Again. The Mulgrave Handicap was won by Pet Girl, with Aims second and Leetore third. Gold- finder carried off tbe Windsor Farm Hsndi apt after a good race with Liberie and Cachet. I am afraid that if a starter bad to make his repots tioa on the Moonee Valley eenrse, be would never be thought much of. Even the veteran, Mr. G. Watson, wss all abroad on Saturday, and with tbe exception of the Steeplechase, si! the starts were indifferent, while some were really bid. Sir Smuel pulled op very lame on Sit nr. day, and it is hardly likely that he will be teen out again for some time. Scaramouch, too, broke down, and it it doubtful if he will ever race again Mr. M. F. Donovan, the secretary of tbe recently-formed Gtrgsrre Earing Club, writes to me that at a recent meeting of the club, held at Ryan's hotel. It was decided to hold the annual raoe meeting on the 23rd February. An efficient staff of office bearers was elected, and the gathering promisee to be very successful. Arrangements have been made for the despatch of a psrial train from Spencer street to Winchtltea on Boxing morning, returning at half-past 5 o'clock. Tbe Australian steeplechaser Granville, purchased recently i>y Mr. J. Gallagher' arrived in Auckland on Wednesday, save a New Zealand paper, by the Manapouri. "He is a rather small stomp of horse for s steeple chaser, but he ie very compact all ov?r. Still, with 12ai. 71b. to the Auckland Steeple chase. he bus certainly a big task set him for one of sueh email dimensions. Granville, who it may be remarked is a stslHon. has been placed in J. Bse't hands to be trained. A marveUotitly quick telegraphic (eat ( says an exchange) wss performed in wiring the result of tbe Melbourne Cup to New Zealand. As soon as the first horse passed the winning post his name was flashed to La Peroure. the Anstralian terminus of the cable, letter by letter of course. As each letter was received it was cabled to Wakapoaka. and three tbe operation was repeated to Wellington, tbe revolt being that before the last letter bad left the Flemtogton course tbe first wss known to Wellington. Ie other words, tbs result was knoweu to Wellington thirty-five seconds after the raoe waa won, and almost before the gaUop at which tbe leaden to the straggle rushed past tbe poet had been re duced to a cantor. Nomreatious for the Aseot Vale Handkap, of 15 eovs six fartongc, to be ran at Moonee Valley on the 2nd January, will elose on Monday next, the 19th last. The Middle Park Plate for 1886 has rioted with an entry of 107 subeditors. HB H tbe Bricoe cf Wales has nominated Cslistoi, a cheenut eolt by Doueaatcr out of Calisto. I observe that Cohort, a sou cf Veepaeisn and West Kent, won the Great Shropshire Handicap, of 500 savs., at the Sbrewshery meeting lset month to a canter, beaticg Sailor Prtooe, by Albert Yiotor, WhhriocK, by Weniook, and lets others, iaelodiog Duke of Richmond, who waa favourite. The Bogliah- bred horse Oatcake, who was much fancied for Tattersall's Cup, hat gone lame. Signor, who was bought by a ">vdne-y sportsman at the V R G. Spring Meeting, ia also reported to be amies. Perhapt the moet sought after jockey on the Australian turf just now is Alec. Robertson, who has beeo retained to ride Blairgowrie in the Two-year-old Stakes at Bandwiek on Boxing Day. I believe, bow- ever, that it it his intention to return to time to fnMil Ms engagements at Flemtogtoo on New Tear's Day. It is said that tbe owner of Lvndo ted The Owl intends retiring tout the turf owing to bis horses bring harshly treated by the bandicsppera. This cureiy can't be tbe reason, for Tbe Owl only bad 9«t 91b to tbe Stoeplecbase at Moonee Valley on Saturday, and ran s very close third, while Lando, with dot. to foe addle, finished a dove fourth to his stable compaci. n, Albauus. to tbe Flying Stakes at Readigo ls»t month, being beaten by 8taffccd and Umberto. who, it will be remembered, were both in great form at that meeting. Dr. R. Peel has again entered tbe rinks of racehorse owners, and has placed a tix- ro%r-o d untried mare, by Prole-Martyr from Caranjah, in T. 0boree's hands to train. Tbe withdrawal of Xantippe from Be wet's Tattecsairs Gup at Moonee Yallev on Satcr- Isy was very adversely commented upon by I 'hose who were utf rt a its enough to bock the filly early to tbe after, noon, an the snppnrition vbat, a riie was on tie ground, rise most neoesssriiy be a starter. Those who put their money on X&ntinse.; however, have onlv themselves to blune, for rarely they aee enoogh to convince them that raring to more then a commercial spraalation. The gates, booths, sad other privileges in uooueetfoa with the V.R.C. New Tear's Day Meeting will be sell by auction at Kirk s Bananr on Tuesday, tku 29di tost. On tha folks wing Tnesduy, the privileges in wmanatliMi with the Vfotcrian Ctob Race Csteiag. to be bold aft Ffoatfogtcn, are to be dhmMedoU "rough being wrongly nominated as to ga, Bonnie Scotland was not permitted to Mm tm (ha Licensed. VtetnaDert' Handicap at Moonee Valley on Saturday. VJR.O. Beretehiag.— Xtunaaafay Stales friri Wk. Mitsammer Bandtoan: Stocw- Nobbtrfl, St lAwreeea. Acdvtr. Tttferftt Hn«h am. ti fim: TtM AfftoVBt. John. ' Bwpm, OiieMHt i < V.A.T.O. Serssehmei.-nieeae oi_ Bwte», Mitebetw, Agfeofo, Y.a, HnrmSV Potoont, G«wl Gordon, 8i fSTSSi AByint_ I® iwST Asprtmcnto, Soudan, AdL-TT pirwn ooll, Faithful, Brio Tristera. Selling jMotitor. Summer Gap: AfiriSlSiS' Malvern Handicap: Straight flSTSS angagcanmito: i£r ffonilte. Coronet. to J. Haat aame for mo unexpected w, Saturday. foe after winning the StecntetoaM to enthusiastic booker ot Qflodw5h«n! him « ftmnt of £100. 0 