TO THE EDITOR OF THE 'GYMPIE TIMES.' Sir, — In the last. Gympie Times Mr Oouldery has Bought to draw our Stook Exchange into a controversy in whioh it would appear he has got the wrong end of tho stick. -While not pretending to be an advocate of the benefits of the Exchange, I would like to bring under your notice tho different opinions whioh that gentleman sooms able to hold at convenience. In hia letter in last Saturday's issuo the fol lowing appears :— ' I think nine-tenths of the mining pubdo will think my eketoh not muon overarawn wnon j. aescnoe tne Exchange as a melancholy ghost that stalks its nightly rounds to the alow music of nominal- quotations ; nightly its dry bones are rattled in tho make-belief it is still alive, and I know of no analogy to such a performance, save tho ^invitation of the Bhowman_ to walk up and see tho livo lion stuffed with straw. The ceremony of bone rattling is conducted with proper decorum, ohiefly by the caller and ono of tho leading brokers, and at its conclusion no ono oeoins ono penny the better or ?worse. The com pany consisting of a few curious spectators, those who have dropped in, and a sprinkling of brokers, then stroll into the street to do business, and hear the latest news. And it is for an institution suoh as this that honorable men aro to have reflections oaBt upon their oharactora in the public Press, because forsooth, we have not attended tho death bod, or gone through the mock cera mony of paying deforonco to tho worthless bones of a praotically defunot institution.' Very pretty indeed 1 To look at Mr. Couldery one would scarcely imagine that hia knowledge of metaphor was bo exten sive. But how doss this small opinion of tho Exohange tally with other publicly expressed opinions made by that gentle man ? It will be remombered that some months ago in the course of a speech in the Exchange he said that he thought ' the Exohange was a very good place to give a representative opinion.' Tha Exohange year is not up yet, as I notice by tho papers that members are reminded to send in subscriptions. It is therefore reasonable to presume that it has still the same mem bers now aB wnen Mr. uouldery made tho above speeoh. Now I ask, am I not right in saying that if tho Exchango was a very good place to givo a representative opinion when it suited Mr. 0., it is certainly so fltill when it dooa not meet with that gentleman's approval. As far as can be seen Mr. Oouldery has entirely ovadod the complaint which was brought against him and other shareholders a few weeks back, and has tried to work on a now democratic line by endeavoring to abuse the Exchange, and so shift publio opinion from his shoulders to those of the ' muluncholy ghost,' as he so poetically terms it. Returning to the ' Melanoholy Ghost,' Mr. Couldory, I believo, is one of its members, and as such should have a better knowledge of an institution whioh he helps to support, than to say that no one ever looks iuto the room except at call ' times. If he had looked in a little more he wottld not probably have mado that statement. As is gonerally known Ex changes all over the world are ooustruoted on lines calculated to enoourago honest speculation and good investment, and as it is only when they fall into the hands of private riiii^s that they fall iuto diareputa, to prevont suoh. occurrences as this ia what should be the aim of all honorable men, and not to bring it into publio ridicule. And now let us look and see who Mr. O. presumei to abuse through theExchange. Firstly a Committeo of eleven represen tative men picked from 160 of the beat mon on the field. Can you havo a more honor able committee than the presont ono, consisting as it doos of two members of Parliament (the chosen represontativos of two of the most important electorates of the colony), the Mayor, and two Justices of the Colony, the- balnnco professional and private gentlemen upon whose characters I defy even Mr. O. to oust anyslur? Secondly, wo have the balance of the members gentle men who are too sufficiently well-known on the field aa honorable, straightforward men, to require any recommendation. I think therefore that all honorable men will agree with mo in condemning Mr. O.'a action in not only evading the oomplaint brought agninst him as one of a body, but the deliberate insult hi has plaoed upon an institution which has now grown into part and parcel of the place. I remain, yours truly, ANOTHER HONORABLE MAN. ? -* ? 