I :Sydiiey 6Eche. ~(vocY'oc D 'OWiN COE55E5PONDU. (non ohinroDENT.) r ; I'i:+,:OINISTERIAL. GUBIL IT may be remembered that, mn a paragraph nder this heading, 'it was stated that iMr Dalley had said he would not, and was not likely, ito ?ittend the high jinks at Albury, btt youir correspondent doubted, and no one with.the ghost of perception left in him, probably, supposed that upon such an occhsioht the ion. W. B. D. would absent hinmself. ' Is he not the mouth-piece of the' Ministry? Who could s' well expornd. the proposals of the.Government, or.who could so admirably, and with such force, blow the Ministerial trumpet, as it 'had to be blowni, before the timeo of action (i.e., the seosion) arrived. And now that the Govermnent spokesmen have de livered themselves in accordance with arrangements made in Cabinet, vari ous are the opinions expressed regarding the statements and promises made. To ay truth the comments generally are nob of the most complimentary charadtor. To a large' extenot the description applied to the Albury eloquence is " gush." A HcARDWORKING GOVERNMENT is what the Stuart-Dalley combination seem desirous of being considered. They have, according to their own showing, been running a race against time, and the ",pace' has been of a regularly breakneck description. Having, in a general way, asierted this much, they dwell lovingly on the great military cou?p (seeming to ignore thidt many people think they'ought to'be politically hanged, diawn, and quairtered for their action there aneht), and' als on the land. legislation effected by them. It wvas'a faiid bid for popular favdour; specidlly that part of Mr. Wright's deliverance which foreshadowed the LOCAL GOYERNMIENT PROPOSALS. Of course the idea'of glving local govern ment to the country should be ever present to Itho1Minister.for Works in and out.of session, Were it an accomplished fact in this colony.the situation of the IMinister for Worksewould be a more desirable one. But niyr sich mensitre being introduced for the first time in a country must be of consider able magnitude, and it is very doubtful whether the Governmuent will make any attempt to even introduce a Local Govern meat Bill during the coming session. Such visionary proposals are considered tasty baits by which to catch support for the new Parliament. S A PAiTRTY CASE. HIe was charged with theft. Not of a watch, or a pair of boots froni' a shop door, or even of a ,loaf from a baker's store, to fill his ovwn hungry stomauch-he wasn't hungry, in fact. He' was a steward on board one of Howard Smith and Co.'s boats, and being'a good-natured soul, gave to a half-starving, wholly hard-up poor devil a dish of 'stale cabbage that had been kept from the cabin' table. They brought some of the ca'lbage into court as damning evidence of the deferdant's guilt. For this was his offence for which the wealthy steamship company were proeocuting him. Thie case was heard at' the Watar Police Court, and Mr. John son said it was of a paltry character, and dismissed it. It is said that the Cooks and Stewards Society, to which the defendant belohgs, will support him in any action he may take against the Company, should he determine on .entering an action for false imprisonment. THE IIIlRD FUND. A fund is being collected sn behalf of the widow and children of Constable Hird, the victim of..the late tragic occurrence at Can terbury. A considerable sum (contributed in small amounts).has already been col lected. Sub-Inspector Lenthall, of Woo loomsnoloo station, has collected over £100, which he has haude, in to the committee. ,PUnLICANS AND POLICE, It is a curious circumstance, that just as the publicans.of the. metropolis have made the firstBtdeeided move in the direction of general united action for the protection of theirirterests,the police have becomedoubly vifgilant. That is scarcely the word either, for they are really quite conspicuously active all at ode. "' Both at the Central and Water 'Police Courti," frequently of late, there' have been"several convictions, and the usual ;£3 and costs' inflicted; These cases never take long in,. Sydney. The Bench started .by unanimous consent, on the. principle .that .the "balance of testi inohy"' 'shoild have no' weight, except where it occurred on the side of the police. The consequeice? canjie to be that the publi cans who wore "caught," as they call it, very soon gave up the idea of defending their cases, because where they did sothe resultW asmunchlthelo same, perhaps a little worse fdr the defendant-if the temper' of the magistrates, like that of thie "'Magiste rial Magnatd of' Ipswich," happ'ensedto be "'ihoert." "'H6wever; it doess not' tike"' long to dispose of 'ii 'idensis chirse 'itn Sydney these,days ..But the victuallers are arm iit,'aid.it' is 'time they did,: if the ey~ ie' to do any:: godd' fori thems?lves. They can scarcely'afford' to show ; an indifferent front to their 'opponents,: the teetotallers 'ieid' their sympathisers, who never relax theio efforts, and wh6opodsoss ain all of these colonies a rather -formidable block vote. Thi publicabs are strong;, but they ar'e"n6t ltroitmgenough to endure under disorganisa tion and reckless indifference. " . I:A' CHANCE FOE PICKPOCKETS. The late review afforded a grand oppor tu~nity -for "tfihe:petty harcenists of the ,ity, and they rtook advantage' of it to the full extent?' But there was a powerful scattering of. the. polioe present, who on' ~this occasioin migght truly hbe described as ', ibbies.on thhe sly," as they were dressed in pla'n~ clothes,. and the result of their perambulations .was that a numberl of' youihs woho woould do justice to Fagin were ':detected.in:the act." During thme week those, offenders have appeared befoio. the city; polico courts, and been dealt with according to their ,deserts, One young fellow, on , Thursday tried very. :hard, with the assistance of his attorney, to .convince the magistrate, that he was : not: only ,innocent' of1 the charge but that he was in all respects a' very desir-' 'able member ,of .society, of whom it wouild: be:a sin to tlhink anything wrong, let alone: proclaiin. But the magistrate could not' see ,the matter in this light, andsento the young. man to gaol for three' munths.: Mr.: iLowe, his solicitor, gave notice of appeal;. W:'": ARNING TO SHIP3IrASTERS. i '&Svarning; 'to shipuM'ssters was adminis'; terdd at,;the Water Police Court oi ''Th'litis dtijr?' Tihe:captain of a small vessel ihi"th'? harbour rlid'not kiept an 'alinhor. w??abh' 'oi::boaid' his' vesel, 'and vi'n'ii"th' poli'' bhi?t hileld him there iwasi nio iePiy;. The defeidtint-was finetd £1 and :osits.'' z i DARLNGHURIsT COURT.' ' SThe enlarP`giiiifT-tiifhe couri'ts at; Dar linghutitis now: almost ;coinple'tedaiaid'the new building will be ready for occupation within the ensuiungsixl monthbs! The new wing will give a liarge amount of additional accommodation. I1t comprlses a court-room larPcr thardthe principal coti of the niain building, and suitablel offices. .Thiis .two, or, if necessary, three, courts may be 'sit ting"at 'th' iidmd titme, a.'and' the' business will of cours .'ba' dooisider`ably expedited, a ciroumstanc upon 'which all those con 4crnmdc in attendance upon the& criminal coint'ar; to be coigrritulated. ..~I1UU~lEE TAYLORI. · The16 "]itt1n'" Aundtrtdijnn wbnder d the' igalejg.honie. He1~o leasea, ·for. Engrland to Lnjerrew::flefd goes C~stoueibily 'to :~ vat'hi thid prcceedingse n appeal t6' thB Prvy Cd~i~i1~ in his case against the Speaker of the As sembly-r matter of very considerable con stitutiohal importance. The trip home should prove highly beneficial to this pro mising young politician, a~s it will widen his experience, enlarge his views, and pos sibly give him that amount of "ballast " which is all he stands in need of to be & successful public manu, and a credit to 'his native land. A DI'OCCRACFUL sCENE. The most respectable-or what ought to be the most respectable-parts of the city are not' free from the scenes which are bound .to. occur 'whero the blacklguard .elemenfs of society foregather. College street'is frequ.utly rondrired bicdeous by thisimeans. It is frequented hightly by somne of the lowest women of the town, not withstanding that the houses fronting the street are occupied by persons of the highest respectability. Sir Alfred Stephen lives in one of therm. Here a few nights ago a row. occurred among stme women, and the.. language used, :or shrieked forth as it vas,' was of the worst possible discription. As too frequently happens, there w:'s not a; pohiceman anywhere near theplace, and theb oars of respectable females, had to be assailea by the vilest expressions that the mind can conceive. Thereo are few citie .ian.. . the world where vice is allowed to rear iats. ugly head and flaunt itself with impuni!y, as in Sydney. T*aROWI?N DOwR .~THE GAUNTLET. 'Tle leader of the protection party, i-'?1 Hoydon, is to the fore again. Itf.has pleased, him to take notice of the rsceitly" formed F,oe-trade Association, and'he has issued a challenge to debate the nmain issues betivedii the two par ties, thatis, ahleim i if any one can be found by the said assoointion of., equal imnportance ,vith himself as a politician to oppose him. In the event of this'being " ' despaired of, he considerately promises to; -, find some one of lower degree to enter tlih? lists on behalf of the protection policy. :: INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION, 'It is expected that the Wellingeton (N:Z.) Industrial Exhibit.on wil' be a financial failure. Owing to tha large nnmbe? of free tickets, althouigh thecie is occasionallyJ a very large attendance, the proceeds are small--something like :S4 for arn evenine. It is also ,going:, the rounds of the papers that there: has been a burst up in the management. . UNGMPLOYED. SThis cryhas left.us foi a time, although there is a good deal of distress in the large toi?ns' of Austilia at presentf,'end Sydney has its share. ': As the wave of: hard times leaves one'locality it passes overto another. I notice thatbapietition from 200 of 'theun employed 'ofAucklandid has been presented tolthe New'Zealand House-of Represen'ti tives': The"list' ineludes labourersilootbt; makers; carpenters,.painters,, &c.;, and one "bpokmaker." .. 