EIGHT HOUES COMMITTEE. A meeting of the 3iglit Hours Demonstration Com mittee was neld in the Swan -with Two Necks Hotel on Fridny night. The president (JTr. Brown) occupied the chair. Tte two 'books of the demonstration tickets wmch were missing, and. uad been sent away by the Sea men's UEion, were returned by Mr. Wail. A. rather animated debate on various topics was indulged in, and the business was not begun until after 9 o'clock. The follotriBg letter was read from the Stonemasons' Society: — ' To the Financial Secretary and Treasurer of the Eight Hours Demonstration Committee. Sire, — I am directed by the Operative Stonemasons' Society to inform you that as it deems it highly necessary to thoroughly examine all books and document's in connection with this year's de monstration, it deems it your duty to give every facility to such examination, and especially does it request you to preserve all books and papers which it is your duty to have in your possession. An application will be made to the Tinsmiths and Sheet Ironworkers' Society to hand over all books, ic., to our solicitors. Tbe object being to find out whether lie impu tation cast on our delegate {Mr. 'W^. Terrier) has any foundation in truth. Tours truly, William Bmslet, president of the central committee; William Febkeeb, central corresponding seereSary.' Mr. Ferrier, the secre tary, handed in a proof oi' the balance- sheet, and the report of the proceedings of the committee since its first meeting. He eaid that he and his society demanded that a searching inquiry should be held to find out the cause of tbe deficit. The report and balance- sheet were adopted. It was agreed that a special meeting should be held on 'Wednesday nia;ht to receive the report and balance-sheet, aDd tbat the printers should be in structed to have tliem ready. Mr. Laurence moved, — ' That as Mr. Wall had returned the two books of ticket* which had been missing, the £15 should be refunded to him.' The resolution wag agreed- to. The chair man expressed his pleasure at Mr. Wall returning the books. Mr. Cank said that the EtonemaBons' Society wishad. to have the dispute settled without going to law. ill his society des ired was for an inquiry to be held by per sons outside the society. Mr. M'Arthur said that he con sidered that the Stonemasons' Society should be allowed some latitude to have the books audited by some other per sons. Mr. Cank : ' DoeB this committee refuse to allow the Stonemasons' Society to see the books?' The Chairman: ' Why, did it not appoint 3, conuoittse to confer with this committee at first, instead of going to a firm of solicitors and taking only Mr. Perrier's side of the question ?' Mr. Cank: ' Our society did not hear anything about the mat ter befoTe a fortnight ago.' The Chairman : 'Touremind me of the man, who saw the man, who saw the man, who ssiw a man, who saw a ghost.' (Laughter.) It was agreed that copies of all books and document* should be furnished to the Stonemasons' Society. Mr. Hampson considered that Mr, Ferrier had some influ ence over the press. Mr. terrier stoutly denied the impu tation. Mr. Hampson at eome length criticised the report which had appeared in the Bvesikg Sews on Monday night. A general discussion took place, during which several ' points of order' were raised, and the meeting all at once came to the conclusion that there was not any business before the meeting. Mr Laurence moved that the cosmittee for inaugurating tho next committee be called for the second Friday in March to rsviss the rules. The motion was carried. The meeting was -then adjourned till 'Wednesday night. 