A LIVELY FIVE MINUTES. St, James's Gazette.) YVii . are told every day that a" truth is ' stranger than fiction j" and that this is so is, again shown by the following. facts, which. narrate as nearly as possible in the words of the person (an assistant to a well-known. veterinary surgeon to whom the adventure occurred recently : "We had been having several cases of rabies at the surgery during the last month or two more cases than usual ; but, with the exception of one, they had all been, brought in before the disease reached its. most virulent stage. I am rather interested in the disease, and had been reading about, it and, sitting in the surgery alone and: quiet (but for a poor beast in the yard with rabies, which gave vent every now and then, to the dismal howl peculiar to the disease), it was not particularly lively and when, my master (a veterinary surgeon came in, from his usual round I was not sorry. He went into the yard and inspected the patients as usual, ordering the collie with rabies to be killed at once. I attended to this, and returning to the surgery, received orders to go to the Britannia public- house, in Soho,. and poison a large retriever belonging to the landlord. My master had seen the dog: during his rounds, and found it in a dangerously rabid state. I filled a small bottle with hydrocyanic acid, and, taking a syringe, went off at once to see about it. " Arriving at the house, I stated my business, and was handed over to the post-boy to be conducted to the dog, which I couUHiear howling every few seconds. There being no yard to the house, they had chained the dog, down in the cellar, to a staple in the wall. ' 'E's a very bad case, sir, said my guide, an' I'll be glad when it's all over ; for,, although he was a great pet with us all, an' that fond of the kids you never see, it's. awful to see 'if not know any of us ; but when we goes near 'im to have 'ira come -a flying at us. Think 'I'll suffer much There 'e goes ! 'ear 'im. All day long -'e 'owls like that. I assured him it would soon be over, without much pain ; and, descending some steps, we passed through a room in the basement that was dimly lit by a small and grimy window. Cases of wines and spirits were ranged against the walls,, and we could hear the tramp of the thickly shod customers in the bar or tap-room just; above our heads. Opening a door, we passed into another room ; this was lighted only by the small window in the room we had just left, as it shone through the now open door. He's in there, said the pot- boy, pointing to another door in the wall, opposite. Thinking there was a window in the room, I pushed the door open, and immediately heard the rattle of a chain and the hoarse half howl, half growl of the poor beast, whose eyes I could see, against the far wall, gleaming through the dark. Window there was none. 'Why on. earth didn't you bring a light V I asked, angrily; you don't suppose lean poison him in the dark V ' Thought I 'ad a match, said the man, fumbling in his pockets ; there's a gas-jet just inside the door, I had no matches, so I sent him upstairs to get some, and, awaiting his return, sat down on an empty keg near the door. " The dog seemed uneasy and fancying the light through the doorway annoyed and distressed him, I pushed it to with my hand. The man was some time gone (I found afterwards he had been to ask his. mistress if she would like to have a last look at the old dog and I sat there think- ing over the notes I had been i ending in the surgery. The air of the cellar was. close, and the smell of the wet sawdust on the floor was most ' unpleasant. Clank went the dog's chain against the wall or the floor, as he moved uneasily about, wondering, I daresay, what was my errand there. Then the movement ceased for a time, or partly absorbed in my thoughts, I failed to notice it. The next minute I started feeling something rub against my leg. Looking down, I saw two glaring eyes just at my knee The dog was loose ; the staple having worked its way out of the damp and yielding mortar. " For a second or two I nearly LORD consciousness. My heart seemed to stand still; but by an effort I kept from going off into a faint. I shall never forget the next few minutes as long as I live. I was alone in the dark, with this rabid beast rubbing about my legs first one and then the other, as if he were trying to find out who I was. Then he rested his head on my knees and looked straight up into my face. I sat like a statue, knowing that at the slightest movement he would probably seize me, and knowing (who better?) that such a bite in his advanced state of disease was almost certain death, and a horrible death too. Nerving myself, I feat perfectly still, calculating as well as I could my chances of escape. Presently the dog. put first one paw. then the other, on my knee, and, standing on his hind legs, gently rubbed his head against my breast, then over my arms, and then commenced to explore my face. I shut my eyes, and felt his nose pass several times across my face, covering it with saliva. Yet I dared not move ! 1 expected every instant he would seize me ; the very beating of my heart might disturb and annoy him and I felt that, come what might, I must flung him off and make a dash for the door. "Suddenly he ceased rubbing against me, and appeared to be listening. He could hear the steps of the post-boy descending the ladder. I also could hear it, and knew not whether to call to him or keep silent. The dog now dropped down to my knees again, still listening, and as the light of a candle she carried through the crevices of the badly fitting door he crept into the far corner of the cellar, evidently dreading being put upon the chain again. Then I made a dash at the door, swung it open, and, banging it to behind me, sank, issue dead than alive,, on a case near the wall, being my state, the man brought me quickly a nip of brandy, and I pulled my self together. All this time the dog was growling furiously on the other side of the door, and tearing at it in his mad endeavour to get ht us. Steadying myself as well as I could, I placed the light on a pile of cases and, filling mysyrittge withheld, opened the door about 2in. As I expected, the in- furiated beast rushed at the opening and as he did so I discharged the contents of the syringe into his open mouth in a few seconds all was over. When' I went upstairs I found my trousers, vest, coat, hands, and face covered with the saliva from his mouth. I felt sick and faint, and looked so the people said- white as a ghost; in fact, I could hardly stand. " The dog 1 had killed was bitten by the mad dog that ran down Piccidilly'some three weeks since, and had only showed symptoms of madness during the last few ? days." W. POCKLINGTON. 