Tlhe Duke of ?Wellington's Experiment. IN .a ground-floor room in one of the large public buildings of London a man Eat writing at a table covered with papers. He was a short, slightly-built figure, with a prominent nose, and a face hard and massive as a gigantic statue, wearing the set look peculiar to men who have surmounted great difficulties and confronted great perils. Few, indeed, had had more practice in both than this man, for he was no other than the Dure of Wellington, and his crowning victory at Waterloo was still but a few years old. There was the tinkle of a bell out side, and then a murmur of voices in the ante-room; but the Dlhe never raised his head from bis writing, even when his secretary entered and said: ',I it please your grace, that man with the bullet-proof breastplate has called again, and wishes very much to see your grace for a moment.' The Duke's face darkened, as well it might, for the man in question was the most pertinacious bore whom he had ever encountered. The bullet-proof cuirass was his own invention, and he never lost a chance of declaring that the safety of the whole British army depended upon its instant adoption of this ".unparalleled discovery" which he clrried about with him, and ex hibited at all times and in all places. Had this been all, he would roon have been disposed of; but, unluckily, he had contrived to interest in his in vention one or two of the Duke's per sonal friends, and to get from them letters of recommendation, which even Wellington could not easily disregard. Something must clearly be done, how ever;. for, although the fellow had hitherto been kept at bay, he was evidently determined to give the Duke no peace till the matter had "been fully gone into. For a moment Wellington looked so grim that the secretary began to hope for the order which he would gladly have obeyed- namely, to kick the inventor into the street forthwith. But the next instant the iron face cleared again, and over it played the very'ghost of a smile, like a gleam of winter sunshine upon a precipice. ' Show him in,' said he briefly. The observant secretary noted both the tone and the smile that accom panied it; and he inwardly decided that it would have been better for that inventor if he had not insisted on seeing the Duke. In came the great discoverer-a tall slouching, shabby, slightly red-nosed man, with a would-be jaunty air, which gave way a little, however, before the ' Iron Duke's ' penetrating glance. 'I am glad to think that your grace .appreciates the merits of my in vention,' said he in a patronising tone. "They are, indeed, too important to be undervalued by any great commander. Your grace cannot fail to remember the havoc made by your gallant troops at Waterloo, among the French cui rassiers, whose breastplates were not bullet-proof; whereas, if'- 'Have you got the thing with you ?' interrupted Wellington. The inventor unwrapped a very showy-looking cuirass of polished steel, and was just beginning a long lecture upon its merits, when the Duke cut him short by asking : ' Are you quite sure it is bullet proof?' ' Quitoe sure your grace,' 'Put it on, then, and go and stand in that corner.' The other wonderingly obeyed. ' Mr. Temple,' shouted Wellington to .his secretary, ' tell the sentry out side to load with ball-cartridge, and come to test this cuirass. Quick, now I' But, quick though the secretary was, the inventor was quipknr still. The moment he realised that he had been set up there on purpose to be fired at, and to be shot dead on the spot if his cuirass turned out to be not bullet proof after all, he leaped headlong through the open window wfth a yell worthy of a Black-foot Indian, and darting like a rocket across the court yard vanished through the outer gate way; nor did the Duke of Wellington, from that day forth, ever see or hear of him again.-DAvrm KER, in Edito'rs Drawer, Bar- per's Mlagazine for October. "vWaiter !" "Yes, sah." "'There's a little chleken in tllis boiled egg you brought me." Waiter eyes the :egg curiously to satisfy himsslf, and then answoer reisauriiuly, " D)t'e all rite, boss ; don't 'pu. d olo 0al n'll mIlk eany extrl bkarg'e for de fwell," 