TUTvF GOSSIP. BY ATJGTJFL. The weights for theV.RC, meeting were duly posted on Monday, but the scorching heat prevented many from assembling on the footpath to discuss them. Hie Sfcandish Plate monopolised most attention. Malua has been awarded the post of honour with 9st 181b., and, remembering that he won the Melbourne Cap with 9st 9Ib. in the saddle, and Eiying pan won a mile race with lOst, lib., the great son of St, Albans would seem to bq very fairly treated. I don't' expect to pee him at hia best until the back end of the year, for only a siiort' time ago he was serving mares, and it » hardly likely that so astute a judge as Mr. Inglis would bustle him: yet the distance is only a mile, and he would not require to be cherry-ripe to win over such a course. That lie can always give Sheet Anchor 8lb, I have not the slighest doubt, provided that-both horses be in similar condition. Just now I daresay the last Melbourne Cup winner is In the better form, and if fchfy ftieet In the Bagot Plate he may put bis relative down. If Moonshee were in his last season'® .form he would have a show at 8st 121b., and Middle march, be it remembered, Carried 7st 61b. and won the Standieh PJatelast year, ami in the autumn with J&t; 41b. up be r&a; second to Coronet (fofc) In" the New [ market Handicap, a really great perfoism/ ance, and as the horse is doing well Murpqj^ may be again dangerous,with him. Mer rimu's winning performances are too recent to need recapitulation; suffice it to say that (hey have established his character as a horse of more than average merit, and even at 8at 111b. he will give a Rood account of himself if his owner should elect to start him. ChuckBter is a horse that I entertain a great deal of respect for over a mile, and with 8st 91b. to his name I think be reads almost as well as anything engaged. Staf ford is another all at home over the dis tance, and Britisher is possessed of a rare torn of pace, though he is not the best or beginners. The Ghost, too, has several times showed-his ability in races of this description, and bo has Lord Wilton, who is still plodding along a^ Flemington. Gratitude jpiaae email work of die. lot opposed to her oh Saturday, and with such a brilliant performance be fore him Mr. Barnard had no alternative but to place her where Bhe id- Plausible, it is paid,ita8(ehown signs of "a la;," otherwise l*e would be .well- in at {Bat. 51b., a weight wjiich has, been allotted to Lantern, who seems well able to get to the end of a mile journey. Madcap would look as well in as anything if she were as fit as when she ran last year aud >£on the Victorian Club Cup. On that occasion slie carried 8st, aud no w at half a mite less Blie lias 51b. inore-not at all B. crushing iajpostfortso good an animal. Of thf next half- dozen, perhaps Ringmaster is. best at 8at.; St. John and Umberto are fairjyj wll in-jit 7st 12lb., and aB Quintin Ma^ep' ^ae rjevfir .get started, Mr. Barnard : 'was justified in awarding lniii 7st. 111b.,.Hill top. apg ; Claptrap-.having -been allotted a : similar impost The latter has pretty well : recovered from his Caulfield accident, but as be maj not be thoroughly wound up the ? J stable will probably ^represented by some thing else. Ironmaster^ is handicapped at 7et 81b., but I prefer his Btable companion Meutmore at 7st 51b., and Jocular at 7at 61b. reads well npon paper. Further down tbe list Marie Louise ana Lavington look well in cut 7st, and All Gold and Juanna have been let off lightly enough at 6st. 131b. each, while St Odille should be dangerous at Cst Gib. The Chanter and Bonnie Doon are both nicely treated, and F. F., who evidently has a bit of pace, has 6st. 61b., while Islander, another promising dark one, is handicapped at 6st 41b. Aa a matter of course, The Agent heads the list for the Hurdle Race at 12st 9lb., not an ounce too much for so distinguished a performer, and Lizette holds the premier position in the Steeple chase. For the Midsummer Handicap, Sbeet Anchor he&ds; the list at 9st 71b., but 1 don't think he should concede 51b. to a performer like Reginald. Off Colour remains some where about his usual weight, and Blink Bonny is handicapped at 8st. 91b., but I fancy the best of the Williamstown stable will be heard of on the day, and perhaps of the others, Lesbia and Gratitude will be most dangerous. Bowes's Tattersall's had a glorious day for the annual race meeting held at Moonee Valley: and, with a nice little bill of fare to place Delore its patrons, it was expected that there -would he a bumper attendance, and so there was. There was one little inconvenience never observed at Moonee Valley before, and that was the dust from the track when the horses were galloping past the stand. This wiil be only temporary, however, for it was caused by the newly-made ground not being grassed, and Mr. Cox will do well to have plenty of couch grass laid down. Colleen Dhas showed a turn of speed in the Nursery Handicap, but she got all the best of a shock ing bad start, caused by the fractiousness of Garibaldi, who behaved like a maniac, and finally was left at the post. Mary Hawthorn, who also got off badly, nearly fell down; and altogether it was a most unsatisfac tory race. Colleen Dhas is a very sym metrical grey half-sister to Welcome Jack, who ran a dead heat with Lavinia for the Maribyrnong Plate. Upon this occasion neither Mr. Gray nor Mr. Dow ling had a shilling on the filly, but a few of the backers invested on her. Scaramouch broke down so badly in the Selling Race that his owner offered him as a present to J. King, the jockey. Tattersall's Cup proved a very easy thing for Gratitude, who was in excellent form, and at last gained a winning bracket in Victoria. The winner ran in the name of her trainer, but she is being raced by Mr. W. Pile, who was not present to receive the congratulations of his triends, but his brother represented him, and took the Cup on his behalf. I. was rather favourably impressed by the manner in which Perchance ran, for though it was no great performance to get third he showed a turn of speed, and thus gave Mr. Jellett some encouragement to persevere with him. Trishna brought welcome grist to the club's mill when she was submitted to auction, after wiuning the Juvenile Stakes, but Maurice Griffin lost her, as she was bought by Mr. Halinbourg. Moonee Valley is famous for the excellence of its steeple chases, and that of Saturday was no excep tion to the rule, most of the horses clearing the water jump in grand style. Huht has evidently got a good cross-country horse in Goodwood, who fenced in admirable style, and I thought he won rather easily. Solo won the last race of the day like a racehorse ; and Mr. JohuLeek must feel sore at having civen this youngster away. Some day he will win a much more important race, for he is built like one that should stay any distance, and eventually I believe Jone3 will find that dis tance is his forte. Xantippe was brought from Mordialloc to Moonee Valley with the intention of running her for Bowes's Tattersall's Cup, but she knocked herself about in the train, and on being removed therefrom she lashed out and kicked Mr. Whittinghain on the arm, but fortunately did no serious injury. As she continued her fractiousness it was deemed advisable not to start her, and she was struck out. When Sanders returned to weigh after win ning the Licensed Victuallers' Handicap, on Saturday, it was seen that his nose and mouth were bleediug, and it was thought that some other jockey uad. struck him with his whip. It turned out that Solo had suddenly thrown up hid head and hit him a blow that made the jockey see a thousand Btars. Mr. George Vowles was not "well enough to visit Moonee Valley on Saturday last, and his place in the judge's box wasfilled by Mr.. Archie Yuille, who got through the duties in a satisfactory manner. In consequence ot the death of the secretary Mr. H. Roche, Mr. Miles kindly consented to act at the scales, and it is needless to say that he was all ut home. A marked improvement in the costumes of the jockeys was observable, and it is to be hoped that the rule bearing upon jockeys' dress will be strictly carried out at all meetings. Elstetnwidc-parfe will be the rendezvous for racing taen this afternoon, and as the card put forth is a pretty strong one there is sure to be a numerous attendauce. There will be a couple of trots, but the legitimate game will open with the Hurdle Race, for which Dis tiller, The Chief, and Equity strike me as most dangerous. 1 don't Know why Coronet was nominated for the December Handicap, I for there can hardly be any intention of run £knp/ran very badly at Moonee puday last, and any, odds were it her,. .bat she was excused on the ground that the distance was a far long too far for her. This fi ve furlongs should suit her, and 1 shall not be at all surprised if she plays a more prominent part in the December Handicap this afternoon. Of the others, I like nothing so well as Mra. Jarley and Far wan, though, if Honora is the selected^ one of the Moraialloc stable the latter will not be required. Goodwood lias been raised 121b. upon his weight of lost Saturday, and, therefore, I shall stand Robin and Chester 11. in preference. There should be an interesting struggle for the Elstern wick-park Handicap, for which 1 like best Irralee, Tantaliser, and Leabia, and, if genuine money is put down on behalf of the last-named, Bhe should be worth un investment An English visitor has given a trophy value 60 aovs. for a welter race, and Ace or Allander may win. Racing in Queensland appears to be in a healthy condition, notwithstanding the de plorable state o! some parts of the country in consequence of the drought. Brisbane Tat tersalla meeting was a great success, £1,140 being paid away in stakes, and the profits on the meeting .amounting to about £000. This is a very gratifying state of affairs. Among those who visited the meeting at Brisbane were three or four of the Sydney bookmakers, Mr, E. £. Jones being one of the number: and as Brisbane has been de clared an infected port I believe the party on returning to Sydney will be quarantined. . Mr. James Wilson's St. Albans yearlings are to be disposed of on the Tuesday alter the V.R.C. St Leger. They will be sold on the breeder's Btud farm, which in itself is well worth a visit from those who take an interest in the breeding of thoroughbreds There will be about 20 yearlings in all, and as several of them are by St Albans no doubt there will be some keen competition for them. No pains have been spared with these youngsters, which are as well grown as any that have ever entered a 6ale ring. Among the colts are two by St Alba us from Pilgrimage and Pardon respectively. Pil grimage has already produced a good filly in The Nun, and as her colt is much stronger than Mr. Robertson's filly he ought to be heard of in connexion with the Derby and St Leger. Pardon's colt bears a strong resemblance to Malua, and among the fillies the daughters of Idalia and Sea Spray are worth going a thousand miles to see. They are both by St Albans, and there is a filly by First King from Marigold that I like almost as well as either. In the betting world things are dull as the proverbial ditchwater. Layers had a bad time at Moonee Valley on Saturday last, and the members of the ring are very bitter respecting the running of certain horses, which they declare were not backed for a copper by their immediate friends, and were evidently not "on the job." Nor does the settling on the spring meeting of the V.R.C. go on as smoothly as could be desired. One , leading member of the ring informs me that he has accounts amounting to thousands not yet settled, many of his debtors being men who ought to haye been ready to meet their engagements on settling day. Nimblefoot, the hero of many a hard-fought battle, has gone the way of all horseflesh. The old fellow had been pensioned by Mr. Thomas Henty, and was turned out at Paken ham, but being short of horses the manager had allowed a man working on the estate to have a ride on the old horse. After walking a short distauce he started a canter, but had not proceeded far when he stopped short, staggered, and fell dead. This little iucident created quite a sensation in the quiet village of Pakenham. Nimblefoot was bred in Tas mania by the Hon. John Lord in the year 1SG3. and was by Panic from Quickstep, who was once a famous mare on the Tasmanian turf. Nimblefoot ran as a two year old at the Launceston meeting, but was beaten by Mr. T. W. Field's Mayflower, by Boiardo. In the following year he met the Victoriau crack three-year-old Fishhook in the Launceston St Leger, and was only beaten after a capital race. In the Queen's Plate he was second to Volunteer, but would have won bad it not been for Ashworth's '"jockeyship." These ? performances made a favourable impression upon the Victorians present, and Mr. Joseph Thompson, who was present, gave 300 guineas for him. He was then brought to Victoria, and won the Trial Stakes at the V.R.C. autumn meeting, at which Mr. Walter Craig, of Bulla rat, purchased him, and he retired into winter quartera As a four year old he ran in the Melbourne Cup, but was nowhere, and he ran second to Exile for the Ballarat Cup upon that memorable occasion when the winner dropped dead after passing the post Mr. Walter Craig entered a protest against Mr. Keighran receiving the stakes, on the ground that bis jockey had not conformed to the rule in dismounting, but the stewards very properly dismissed it Nimblefoot was beaten easily by L.L. in the Town Plate. In the following season he was more success ful, for he won the District Plate and Flying Handicap at Ballarat, and was second to Blondin in the Sutton Handicap. At Smythesdale he won the principal handicap, Joe Carter having the mount, but during the remainder of the season be failed to get another winning bracket As the horse didn't seem to do well at Ballarat, Mr. Craig thought a return to his native pastures would have a beneficial effect, so he sent him across the Straits to enjoy a long spell in the island colony. The horse came back with his con stitution quite restored, and as he had been thrown in at Gst for the Melbourne Cup hia owner thought he had a real good thing. However, before the race was decided Mr. Craig, who had been a terrible martyr to gout, died, but previous to his death he dreamt that Nimblefoot won the Melbourne Cup and the jockey wore crape upon his arm. Months before his death Mr. Craig had backed his horse, but at his death, of course, all w&gers; were off. There was one wager, however, which he took from old Slack, £1,000 to eight drinks and cigars against Croydon for the Metropolitan ana Nimblefoot for the Melbourne Cup. Mr. Stephen Holgate was one of the party, and, if I mistake not, he took half the bet Stack received credit for having paid the £1,000 to the widow of Mr. Craig, but as a matter of fact he paid only £500. NimblefootwontbeHotham Handicap and the Melbourne Cup, the latter after a very close thing with Lapdog, the judge's verdict being oaly a nose in favour of the Tasmanian gelding. He subsequently became the property of Mr. H. Hoskins, in whose name he won several races, including the Australian Cup. Sometime afterwards he became the property of his trainer, Mr. W. Lang, who won mote races with him; and, finally, the old fellow was relegated to har ness, but I don't think he was a success, and in his old aee Mr. Thomas Hentr found him a home at Pakenham. . . Hating men in the old country have wen to boycotting handicappera, soirie of them having cone so far as to write to various clerks ot courses and inform them tuat cney would not nominate where certain nanai cappere apjwrtioaed the wei«hta Itefentag to the circumstance an English Bportmg journal saw" What is to be toeend of It 1 Either the stewards .or the Jockey ttah must. eet their loot down an.l stamp out this grow in" evil ut once, or it will In- come intolerable. Thev can stop it now ami for ever by appoint in" "liandicafipers themselves to meetings whose names shall be secret. By this means the.v will prevent the system of terrorism which is now being practised. One handi capper has already been not rid of in the Bouth, and now an attempt is being made to "Ct rid of another. Such conduct is un worthv of gentlemen, and the sooner it is Btopped the better. The letters I have al luded to are preserved, and are at the service of the stewards whenever they choose to call for them." England is not the only country where this reprehensible system is adopted. I have heard members of committee of leading clubs in Australia declare they would not nominate wherever a certain handicapper was engaged. To me such conduct seems not only unsportsmanlike, but unmanly, for it is an attempt to take the bread out of a man's mouth. Surely they don't want the handicaps framed so that they can make winning a certainty. I remember a few years ago when a well-known sporting man left Sydney to reside in Victoria, and declared that he had been driven away by the handicapper, who has few equals and no superior. Hut those Who follow the sport of the turf are difficult to please, end ever will be while handicaps are in vogue and racing is followed merely as a gambling specula tion. ,, , . Those who have two year olds engaged in the V. A.T.C. Juvenile Stakes are reminded that if thev are not scratched by 4 p.m. on Mondav next, December 21, they will be con sidered acceptors, and held liable for the sweepstakes. ... , It is reported that the disease named "pink eve" has broken out in some oi the studs in New South Wales. This scourge has created a deal of havoc in American studs, and it will be well for our etndmastera to keep their eyes open, and endeavour to prevent it spreading. _ _ Musket will hold a very prominent position among the winning st illions of Australasia this season. Already his stock have won something approaching £7,000, Nordenfeldt bein^ responsible for nearly half of it Thanks to Acme, Uralla, First Chester, and Tamarisk, Chester holds a good position, and St. Albaus will also be well up on the list. Among Australian jockeys A. Robertson is at present at the head of the list, with 55 mounts and 13 wins: but Hales has a much better average, for out of 23 mounts he has won 11 times; and Curran has been vic torious 10 times, Ivelso and English 9 each, 1'lanagan 8, M'Dowell and Hulit 7 each, 1), Nicholson, Ellis, and Trahan 6 times each, and M. O'Brien, C. Moore, Mitchell, and Sanders 5 times each. Ben Newstead, who trained Activity for Mr. R. Howett when she won the Liverpool Autumn Cup in 1875, died in England just before the last mail left During his career he trained several good winners. Victorians who intend to do the Tasmanian tour are reminded that the general entries close at 4 p.m. on Monday next At Laun- j ceston and Hobart there are several little prizes that will help to pay expenses, and it should be worth the while of trainers to take over a second horse just to pick up some of these crumbs. The northern events that have not yet closed include the Maiden Plate, of 40 sovs.; Visitors'Gift, of 75 eovs. : Mow bray Hurdle Race, of 100 sov.; Tamar Hurdle Race, of 60 sovs. ; Selling Race, of 50 sovs. ; All-aged Handicap, of 50 sovs.; Steeplechase, of 120 BOVB. : and JL'ree Handicap, of 40 sovs. The Tasmaiiian Kacing Club programme also j appears this week, and it will be 6een that there are 11 events yet to close. For the first day there are the Hurdle Race, of 60 eovs.; Maiden Plate, of 40 sovs ; Elwick Stakes, of' SO sovs.; and Flying Handicap, of 50 sovs. i The second day's eventR which have not I closed are the Goodwood Stakes, of GO sovs.; j Hurdle Race, of 60 sovs.: Nursery Stakes, of | 60 sovsj and,Welter Stakes, of 50 box's.; and the thira includes a Selling Race, of 50 sovs.; Steeplechase, of 120 sovs.; All-aged Stakes, of 50 sovs.; and Free Handicap of 40 60vs. For the convenience of Victorian owners ] entries will be received at the office of the ( V.R.C. Mr. Sydney James has forwarded the weights for the Dunedin Cup. Trenton's I perlormances in Australia have raised him in the estimation of the handicapper, and, as a matter of course, he has beea placed at the top of the tree with 9st. 101b. opposite his name, Tasman coming next with 9st 71b, and Turquoise third with 8st 101b. ; and if the latter is as good as his Auckland friends declare he ought to have a chance of success. July, who was worked so suspiciously in con nexion with the Melbourne Cup, has been handicapped at 8st. 71b., not an ounce too much for him, but he may not yet be "ready." I like Lady Emma and Nelson at 7st. 91b. each, and Captain Webster at7st. 51b. reads as well as anything in the handicap. Tasmania is well in attist. 3!b.; and if Martini Henry's sister Wood Nymph is worth her oats j stieought to win outright, forshe has the fea ther of 5st 71b. to carry. A preliminary meeting of the supporters of the Girgaree Racing Club was held on the 12th inst. and it was decided to hold the races on the 23rd February. ISeechworth Amateur I'a?ing Club meeting will take place on the 1st of January. The programme appears this week, and contains several events which should prove attractive to up-country owners. Entries for the New Year's Handicap and Tpwn Plate close with the hon. secretary, Mr. Fred. Deshon, at 8 p.m. on Thursday next, December24 Doncaster races will be held in February. Cohort, by Vespasian from West Kent, won the Great Shropshire Handicap of 500 sovs. at the Shrewsbury meeting. The Sale annual meeting will take place on the 17th and 18th February. Bonnie Scotland was nominated as a five instead of a six year old for the handicap run at Moonee Valley last Saturday, ana his owner, who wished to start him, was told he could not do eo, and consequently withdrew the horse. Mr. Joseph Cohen, who Is having private Btables erected at Flemington, has removed his horses from Chifney's, There was a good deal of " shunting " at Moonee Valley on Saturday last, but it was done bo artistically that it was difficult to detect it No doubt the owners of many of the performers had their horses out with an eye to future favours from the handicappers, and probably they will receive the *' reward of merit" in the autumn. It seems to me that if they don't" a' do it," there are but very few exceptions. . The followers of the Fiudon Harriers have presented the huntsman Humphrey with a ptuse; of sovereigns as a mark of their ap preciation of his efforts during the past season. It was proposed to give the master. Mr. Edmund Miller, a dinner, but he did not desire any further honour thau the pre senfceofWs hunting frienda at the Fiadon hunt*, and declined the honour. Dn fiobert Peel hfa'aent an untried eix yeatrold taatewJ&Dtor;^^ to TomOsbomesofc^mltftd. _ , ,, The Bhe^wton^Turf Club will hold a W^eDfladicftl jounu&rpf; the old country do not approve of the Prince of Wales taking nn active part in turlaffuiri, and referring to the adverse criticism of one of Ihein the Man chester Spot'fi'ip Chronich s.tys :-"7 ruth makes an nttnek on the l'rince of Wales as to his ownership of racehorses, which for rampant vulgarity exceeds even the strongest efforts of such a master in the art as Mr. Labouchere. We arc told that * the new electors certainly will not relish the notion of the enormous sum which the l'rince receives from the country being squandered on the turf. We shall make a tremendous Radical stride after the next election, and lioyal personages will have to look sharply to their comings-in and to their goings- out' The member for Northampton has never excelled as a prophet, and he makes a tremendous mistake if he thinks that the new electors are on the same level of insuffer able meanness which he himself occupies. All this talk of 'luxurious indolence and lavish extravagance* comes well from a man who is a notorious gambler on the Stock Exchange. The Prince of Wales can surely keep a few racehorses without causing the 'new electors' to feel much irritation or abhorrence. The 'new electors' are not two millions of canting hypocrites." The principal events of the Geelong Racing Club will require attention next week, for on Monday next, at 4 p.m., the Geelong Gold Cup, Geelong Handicap, Hurdle Race. Steeplechase, Trial Stakes, Grand Stand Stakes, and Juvenile Stakes close. Entries will be received at the offices 01 the V.R.C., Melbourne, A.J.C., Sydney, and S.A.J. C., Adelaide, and the secretary, Mr. J. D. Robin son. will also receive entries at hiB office, Geelong. Mr. D. M. Robertson's horses bave gone to Brighton for a change of air. Storno way was scratched for the V. R C. Mid summer Handicap directly after the weights appeared, and both his owner and trainer complain of the horse being badly used. J. Tully, too. is very wrath about the weight put upon 1S.D., who has never yet won a race, and is placed close to Lesbia, a very fair per former. H. Chifney has several boxes vacant^ and is prepared to take a few horses to train. To suit the convenience of intending visitors to the Winchelsea races, on Boxing Day, a special train will leave Spencer-street at 7.45 a m., and return from WinchelBea at 5.45 p.m. The Haywood meeting takes place on the 3rd of February. Full particulars will be found in the advertising columns. Mr. A. C. Wilson, who is always to the fore iu the I cause of legitimate sport, gives a bracelet, value 20 sovs., for which all horses will bave [ to be nominated by ladies. Entries close with Mr. William Gunn, jun., not later than 2 p.m. on the 16th January. Trots do not come within the V.R.C. code, otherwise the entry-fee charged would be above the stipu lated 5 per cent Anxious to meet the views of nominators for the Victoria Amatenr Turf Club meeting, Mr. Bond requested his committee to allow Mr. Barnard to publish the handicaps for the Boxing Day meeting, and they appear this week. 1 shall discuss them at length next week. The full programme of the Moonee Valley meeting appears this week, and contains six events, chief amongst them being the Ascot Vale Handicap of 150 sovs., entries for which close at Mr. Cox"s office on Monday next, December 2L The other items are Maiden Plate of 50 sovs., Selling Race of 50 sovs., irteeplechase of 60 sovs., Selling Race of 50 sovs., and January Handicap of 50 SOTS. The general entries close on Tuesday, De cember 29. T. Coffey will take two or three of his string to Sydney, and they will probably be St Lawrence, Acolyte, and Welcome Jack. I shall not be at all surprised to hear of the first-named winning the Summer Cup. j. Wilson, jun., will probably take Ringmaster and another over. From Sydney I hear that Mr. H. Oxenham has purchased Ben Bolt. Garibaldi has changed hands, and has gone into T. Coffey's stable. Huntsman and Oakleigh have left Foul sham's stable, and gone to Baliarat Sen ATcniN6s.-Y.A.T.C.-Juvenile Stakes-Brolca, AgUois, V. C., Harmony, Polmont, General Gordon, St l'aul, Ceres colt, Anonym*, West Mind, Da mocles, Aspramonte, Soudan, Advance, Annie Ftrmin colt., Faithful, Uere Goes, Dufferin, Triahna, Nit ch cro, Comu*. Summer Cup-All Gold, Anchorite. Selling Stakes-Scaramouch, Dictator. Malvern Han dicap-Straight Shot Steeplechase- Euchre. AH Engagements-Dunlop, Pot Bouillo, l)irk Uatteraick, Coronet. V.U.C.-Nonnanby Stakes-V.C., Pol uiont, Advance, Annie Finnin fi.lv, Kuiu, Clemency, I Trishna, Lord William, Sylvia colt, Wandaree, The Prolate. Midsummer Handicap-Acolyte, Kit Nub bles. St Law rcncc, Stornoway. Hurdle Race-Royal Maid, Sinking Fund. Stecplcehasc-Progress, Cale donian. All Engagements-St. John, The Ajrent. Elstcrnu-uk-park.-Hurdle Race-Prob'ctn, Oculist, lite Chief. Deringer, Pyrenees. Steeplechase-Good wood, Native, Starfish, Marquis of Watertord. De cember Handicap-Coronet, Anchorite. Elstcrnvvick park Handicap-Coronet, Anchorite, Laodo, Sta tioner, The 1'cncll. | 