THE ARCHBISHOP AT BURROWA. THE NEW CONVENT OF MERCY. On Sunday last the ceremony of dedicating the new convent for the Sisters of Mercy was per formed with impressive ceremony at Burrowa. The venerable bishop of the diocese was the central figure of the remarkable gathering, and the presence of his Grace the Archbishop o£ Sydney gave a special interest to the event. The new building was dedicated under the title of St. Joseph. The Most Rev. Dr. Moran, accom panied by the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, and Mr. T. M. Slattery, M.L.A. guests of the grand old Irish gentleman, the Hon. John Nagle Ryan, M. L. C. On Sunday morning the ej-iscopal party drove into Burrowa, and the entry into the town with a guard of honour formed of an imposing array of horsemen and vehicles was quite a sensational affair. After Dr. Lanigan -had blessed and dedicated the now building, Mass was celebrated in the presence of a 'very large congregation, including visitors from all parts of : the district. It had been announced that;. the Archbishop of Sydney would preach on the occasion, and everyone was anxious to hear the distinguished prelate. His Graee delivered a telling discourse on the text—' Glorious things are said of the City o£ God' — Psalm 86. He said they every day repeated in the Apostles' Creed the solemn profession of their faith — ' I believe in the Holy Catholic Church.' The Church of God was in truth en dowed with sanctity as a heavenly gift from her Div,ine Founder. Her children from ago to age should show forth the fruits of holiness in their lives, and as they were associated with the chorua of the angels around the altar ©f God, so might they look forward with firm hope to be one day partakers with them in, the eternal joys of the blessed. The royal Prophet, contemplating from afar this privileged sanctity of the Church, cries out: 'Her foundations are in the holy, mountains, the Lord loveth the gates of Sion above all the dwellings of Jacob. Glorious things are said of thee, O City of God ; as of people all rejoicing in our habitation in thee.' The Apostle spoke of the Church as the chosen spouse of Christ, and should 'they not say that sanctity was. the golden robe of \her espousals? Hethotight, then, that—' Christ loved the Church, and delivered Himself up for. it, that He might sanctify it, cleansing it by the laver of water in the word of life, that He might present it to Himself a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish.' The Church thus sanctified would continue till the end of time to be the de pository of .the sacred doctrines revealed by their blessed Lord, the treasury of the riches of God's mercy and love, the overflowing fountain of the bles= sings of heaven. He who was the Only- begotten of the Father, full of all grace and truth, had set the seal of Divine truth upon her lips and had promised to be with her all days, to aid her in every combat and to guard her against every assault. Through his Divine gift the Holy Ghost abides in the Church, and her children of every tongue and every clime, from the rising to the setting sun, enjoyed the same blessed light which He brought from heaven upon earth, believed the same truths, were enriched with the same sacramental graces, governed by the same authority, guided and comforted by the same power, and quickened by tho same supernatural life which He purchased for them as tlie fruits of redemption. It was little indeed to say that the Saeraments of the Church were holy, but must hey not remark how perfectly they corresponded to all the wants of their poor fallen nature! Bap tism regenerated them into spiritual life, cleansed ' the soul from original sin, adorned it with the ?very comeliness of the angels. As they advanced in years the sacrament of confirmation imparted to 'them strength to subdue their passions and to battle against the temptations of life. Receiving that sacrament the Catholic soul becomes the temple of the Holy Ghost, and remaining faithful to the graces received, the divine spirit shall con* tinue to dwell .'there— the spirit of wisdom and of understanding, the spirit of counsel and fortitude, the spirit of knowledge and of piety, and the spirit of the fear, of the Lord. Outside of the Catholic Church the sacraments from Penance to Extreme Unction if retained at all are little better, than an empty name. The great sacra ment of the altar made the poorest of their churches a very heaven upon earth, whilst to the faithful soul it was the life-giving food, the true ?manna, the living bread which came down from heaven; The prophet announced to the Jewish people i that, by the presence of the Redeemer, the glory of the second temple would infinitely exceed all the glittering splendour of the first. Even so !the true presence of Our Saviour under tlie sacra mental, veils communicated to the poorest of their ^churches an immeasurably higher degree of dignity and imaj'esty and holiness than the proudest works of man could claim that psssessed not this heavenly, treasure. The pillar of light which guided the Israelites to the land of promise was a cloud of darkness to their enemies ; so, too, this sacrament of the Redeemer's love gave light and life to the children of tho Church, but it was a. stumbling-block, a rock of scandal, to those, who rejected her teaching. Their separated brethren might build perhaps prouder domes than St. Peter's, and erect nobler structures than those of Milan and Cologne ; but when viewed in the light of heaven what would theybe but cheerless, lifeless piles of stone, whilst He who is the true life and beauty and joy of the Christian temple, Jesus, our Saviour, does not dwell there. The sacrifice offered on their altars was holy, yea, the very source and centre of all holi ness; It was the true sacrifice of Calvary, which by God's wondrous power was perpetuated amongst them. The supernatural fruitfulncss of sanctity had at all times been a distinctive feature of the Catholic Church. The tree was known by its fruits, and the fruits of piety and virtue which had never ceased to adorn the Church revealed to them the abiding presence of tho Divine Spirit of sanctity. The spirit of God was a spirit of truth, and with what rich abundance had the fruits of wisdom combined with holiness been multiplied in the Church ! The Apologists, Fathers, and Doctors succeeded each other in an unbroken line from St. Clement, and St. Justin, and St.'.'4-ugtistine, and St. Gregory tho Great, to St. Thomas of Aquin, and St. Alphonsus. And it was precisely when herosioa sought to corrupt the :? .faitli that;these great men wore raised lip by Gocl , . . as bulkwark' s of divine truth. The spirit of God ?was a spirit of virtue 5 , and they saw that every heroic v virtue from age to age had .blossomed in the Oirarch;'and put forth the brightest flowers of perfection. ? Even those who did not belong to the €)hiirch had not failed to admire the genuine greatness, thus displayed in the lives of the saints. The; le&rned1; Protestant writer Leibnitz did not hesitate to' say that the Catholic Church had every reasb'n .to point with pride to the heroic virtues of her ''saints in proof of her high birth as the Church, of Christ. Nor was this heroism' of sanctity , a mere matter of the past. In our own timesi'iti every ( quarter of the' globe, and in every walk'' of life, the Church continued to raise up saints' worthy '.of ,the primitive days of Christianity. It was 'true;allweto not saints : many were found Ttitlmi' tToie' Church' who were Catholics, only in name, ' whose1 lives:,' discredited- the holy' faith which, they professed.' The children of the Church were not deprived of their free will, for thus their merit was enhanced and their reward'was multiplied. At each stage of God's dealings with man, it would seem as if sin had baffled His merci ful designs. It was thus in the Garden of Eden. It was thus too when one of the chosen twelve betrayed his Divine Master. But again God's ways were not as man's ways, and all the wicked ness, that endeavours go counteract His decrees must in the end be subservient to His glory. Through the betrayal of Judas, Our Saviour was crucified, but the cross became His throne, the throne of His power and wisdom, of His mercy and His love. And if sinners were thus allowed to be . in the Church, did they not see in the spirit of our Blessed Lord deeds of charity and mercy multiplied to recall sinners to repentance, and day by day is not the Church consoled by the repentant sinners who, like Magdalene of old, hastened to the feet of our Saviour, and there pour ing out their tears of sorrow met the cheer ing words addressed to them, ' You have loved much, your sins are forgiven you.' The Church too extended a special care and showed a special love to the poor. The Saviour announced to the Apostles that the poor would be always with them. He even declared that it was a distinctive feature of His own divine mission from the Father to instruct and to con sole the poor — ' Evangelizare pauperibus misit me.' And the poor were still found by the side of Christ in the Catholic Church, and she lavished on them her fondest care as the most chosen por tion of her inheritance. Thus, in wonderful variety, she perpetuated the mission of her Founder. The spirit of God was a spirit of zeal, of fortitude ; and thia was the spirit of the Church. Then, again, Christ proclaimed that the miracles ? which He Himself had wrought, the same and yet : more wondroua miracles would be performed by those who believed in Him. No Protestant Church had even advanced a claim to such mira- culous power. It was only to be met with in the Catholic Church. And thanks be to the mercy from the day when the Prince of the Apostles commanded the poor cripple to arise in the name of Christ, the Divine spirit of power has, never ceased to be shown forth by miracles amongst the Catholic people. The Church! acknowledged miracles only wben the proofs .were clear and positive. So true it was that the spirit of sanctity, as proved by miracles, ever lived in the Church, and that the abiding presence1' of the Holy Ghost was shown forth in the varied forms of holiness which had never ceased1' to1 adorn her. But ' whilst they reflected that th'e, Cathplie Church, was the fruitful mother of saints, might thev not for a moment turn their thoughts to the fruitfulness in sanctity of which that Island 01 the West so' dear to many of them had given abundant 'proof ? The Apostle St. Patrick 'came ' to .Ireland clothed with holiness, and having his commission' from the central See of Catholic unity. : He himself related how in the years of , his captivity, while he tended his master's flocks' along the bleak. slope of the hills of Antrim, his thoughts' Vere continually fixed on God, till he fi re,, of divine charity became unquenchable in his soul; , Even'. then he was a saint. But this did not suffice to prepare him for the designs of God. For twenty years he went on perfecting himself in the paths of holiness, seeking lessons of piety in the most famous schools of Italy and Gaul, till at length he became a chosen instrument of Heaven to pour out the blessings of God's mercy upon the people'among whom he had been a slave. And may it not be justly said that those blessings were poured out in rich profusion upon the Irish race ? Not only was the whole nation quickly gathered into the fold of Christ, but for centuries the Church of: Ireland was honoured throughout Christendom as the secure refuge of learning, the sanctuary of piety, the beacon-light of civilization and religion. Yes;, the spirit of holiness was shown forth in its richest fruits among the chil dren of Erin. The sanctity of the holy anchorites was given unto her. Her countless sons within her cloisters emulated the austerities of the Eastern deserts, and spent their lives in the most fervent practices of prayer and penance. The sanctity of the Doctors of ? the Church was hers. Her schools and monasteries were famed alike for learning and piety, and the name of Ireland was everywhere revered as the land of sages and of saints. The privileged sanctity of the apostles and missionaries of Christ was given her. Many of the great chiu-ches of the Continent con tinued to the present day to honour Irish saints among their chief patrons, and it would be diliicvilt to find a diocese, not alone in Scotland and England, but in Franco, Germany, and Bel gium, which had not been sanctified by the preach ing and virtues of Ireland's devoted soh3. And with what spiritual fruitfulness was tbe sanctity of the virgins of Christ bestowed on her. From the days of St. Patrick to their own time innumerable bands of Ireland's devoted daughters had chosen as their portion the arduous paths of perfection, and had walked in the footsteps of the saints. St. Bridget, one of the chief patrons of Ireland, was the leader of those virgin choirs. The holy lamp of faith and the fire of charity burn as lightly be fore the altar of Kildare at the present day as in the golden ages of Ireland's sanctity, and St. Bridget's deeds of mercy are also perpetuated there, or rather it should be said are daily multi plied in the instruction of the ignorant and of the little children whom Christ so loves. And need he add that the sanctity of the martyrs and con fessors of Christ had been given to their country. Wherever we may travel throughout the length and breadth of Ireland we have only to look around us to see. the ivy-grown ruins that attest the fury oi the storm of persecution that assailed the Irish Church. But chrough the mercy of Gtod the Church of Ireland was not overcome, our country renewed her youth as an eagle's, our people showed forth in their lives the heroism of the early ages of the faith ; they became a nation of martyrs and though all had. not the privilege of shedding their blood for the faith, yet all joyfully accepted poverty or exile rather than surrender the divine inheritance hauded down to them by their fathers. Fondly indeed did Erin weep for her suffering children, yet full of heavenly confidence, she seemed like the mother of the Maccabees of old to say to them as they were led not to give testimony of their faith : ' Look to Heaven and know that it is the Creator of all things that we adore and serve : to Him alone be glory ; the trials of the persecutors shall pass away : they lead us to our eternal inheritance 5 God in His own good time will show mercy to His people.' How abundantly had the mercy of heaven been extended to the Irish race. He would not speak of the fruits of Irish piety in their own days at home, and in England, Scotland, the United States, and elsewhere. But had not the angel of Ireland's sanctity already begun to. spread his wings over the Empire colony of the South ? It was only 50 years since the first bishop landed on the shores of this fair land. He found only five priests in the whole of the Australian continent, but they had laboured with zeal and devotedness, cultivating the plant of divine faith, which had already been sown amid the tears and sorrows of the first colonists. Already this little plant had grown into a majestic tree, and though storms had never ceased to rage round it, it had spread its branches throughout the length and breadth of the land, yielding every fruit of blessed ness to the children of Christ. To- day eigh teen bishops and more than 500 priests minis tered to the wants of the faithful, and they saw churches, convents, schools, religious institu tions, and colleges spreading around them on every side. And when he looked to their own fair town with its church of St. Patrick and its convent where the Sisters ef Mercy, unwearying in their devotedness, were gathered under the mantle of St. Bridget, the schools, the Total Abstinence Association, the priest, tbe faithful people, it seemed to him as though some privileged town of the dear old Land of the West was by magic wand fcranslated.to this new world to be set as a brilliant gem in the crown of sanctity of Holy Church be neath the bright Southern Cross. The Convent of the Sisters of Mercy which they dedicated that day, 'should henceforth be a source of untold blessedness to their important district. Their children would be trained by the devoted sisters in every practical and useful branch of secular knowledge ; whilst at the same time their hearts would be moulded to virtue and their minds enriched with the salutury truths of divine faith, that they might daily take up their cross and follow in the footsteps of their blessed Lord. Oh! truly happy were the children who were thus trained from infancy to love and serve their Creator. 'Blessed is the people whose God is the Lord.' And yet the the great work of Christian education is only one of the, manifold works of piety and mercy in which the pious sisters would spend their lives. The convent would be a sanctuary of religion, and the prayers of the community as fragrant in cense from golden censers should ascend before the throne of God. They would see the Sisters go forth at intervals from the convent walls ; but was it in pursuit of pleasure or the amusement and vanities of this world ? Oh, no ; but to visit the sick, to comfort those that are in sorrow, to bring to the desolate homes the blessings of Christian piety and the consolations of religion. He trusted that by their generosity they would show that they rejoiced in having the devoted sisters among them, and that they would prove their resolve to strengthen their hands in their holy work. Thus they would be worthy of their fathers and faithful to the traditions of their race. They would show that they cherished with fondest affection the priceless heirloom of the true faith handed down to them at the cost of so many sacri fices ; and it wouldfbe their privilege, even here in this fairest continent beneath the Southern Cross, to reflect in some wayjjthe piety and generosity of the mother land, which was so dear to them, and which is no less to-day, than it was of old, the home of religion, the Island of Saints. The collection amounted to upwards of .£300, including the following donations :— The Hon. J. N. Eyan, 50 guineas; Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, 50 guineas; Dr. Moran, 20 guineas ; and Father Bermingham, 20 guineas. The convent is two stories high, and is con structed of brick on a concrete foundation. The front of the building is ornamented with a veran dah and balcony, the latter being supported by neat cast-iron columns and protected by handsome railings of the same material. The ground floor contains four large rooms, a chapel, and a hall six feet wide . The balcony is approached through a hall of the same size as below, and commands a fine view of the town and its surroundings. The outbuildings contain all the latest improvements. It should be stated that the valuable convent ground, which is 40 acres in extent, was the gift of the Hon. J. N. Eyan. The. buildings were erected from plans supplied by Messrs. Gordon and Gordon, Albury, and the contract was faith fully carried out by Messrs. Bell and Briggs, the cost amounting to close on .£2000. It is intended to erect a large schoolroom near the convent shortly . All the arrangements in connection with the ceremony were admirably carried out, and the event will certainly live in the pleasant recollec tions of the townspeople for many a year 