Tarf gaOk. Bt iyTABTISPA.T.». -.FfiOM TEB T. ASB 0. JoPEIf AL.) Daring the coming week rg,oing in New South Wales will be somewhat brisker than that of last. Our indes ehows thftt there wM be race mpetjpgs «.t Liveroopl on 'V^etoesfe', Tflflawarth «?i Wednesday ana Tirarsday, at Uannonbar on Taursdaj, and on Satuj&tey; neit at Gaateifcary Papk. Mie rain clipdng the past week has not beien heavy, fenfcit wajstiipBffht bpt to postpone the tftpe' meeting »t lay Bjopfwi snttl Wednesday, conaeqaeatlj' th'e meetiBg tbsl i6 down for this afternoon will then be . held, and should be an enjoyable one, as the course onght to be ia ezeellent order. On Mon day l^st Jfix, Soar? issued the -weights for the tairee handicaps, which appear in another column. ?In the July handicap, rna for iat six furlongs, I 'like beet the ohaaces of Paugh-a-Balia^h, Waada, Migs Livingstone, jind Pet Girl; Iu the liverpporHandioap, a mile and a furlong, Faugh,a 'Ballag-h is. again fairly treated, as is also Freedom, Wanda, and College Boy. In thg Welter Hapdieap, Prodigal, tipper Cat, and TristSai should Tun for ward. With Liverpool, over, those that go to the; country will be turning their attention to Tamworth. By the list of acceptances published elsewhere, it *TOuld appear to be a certainty that the fields will be .numerous. In the two principal events, the Eace Club and Peel Biyer Handicaps, Wallangra holds the pride of place in the weights! In the first- named run for at 1£ mile he is weightedat 8st 2lb, and in the other, which is a couple of furlongs shorter, at 8st 31b. In the mile and a-half raise he should just about 'win, though Hazard and Qo&lva; may prove trouble some ; but at the Peel Saver Handicap, if the horse is well, I do not thins anything ;can beat Ann.tifla.1p Freedom, if sent np, should also run forward. Those ?who wish to be present should leave the metropolis net later thanMonday night. They will thenarrivein plenty of time, and after witnessing the two days' 6port can, if they so wish, be back in ample time for Canterbury Park on Saturday. According to accounts reoeived, the Iat© wet weather has somewhat interfered with tha prepara tion of the new course at Butherford. The com mittee who are looking after the interests of the Northern Jockey Club are by no means idle3 and already close upon .£500 has been expended. The weather, however, has so interfered with the work that it will be well into October before it will be possible to race upon it. Seeing that most of our leading sportsmen are then away in the southern colony, I think the N. J.C. would do well to givetheir course plenty of time, and leave it till tbjUttllowing month. Plans for the grand stand and other buildings are being- prepared. The running-off of the various events comprised 'in the programme of the V.E.C. Winter Steeple chase Meeting engaged all attention upon Saturday last. According to acooants the weather was some what threatening, but that did not keep the sporting public away from Flemington. Amongst the visitors; this colony was espeoiafly well represented. With the exception of the fiat race all the events produced easy wins, though excellent fields contested. The racing opened with the Maiden Hurdles, for which Hippognff by Aldinga from Hippona went out favorite. He was piloted by Corri gan, and won cleverly. Haven, the second favorite, never secured a place. In the Maiden Steeplechase backers again were snccessful, as Eeti rcent, by Silence, who went out at 6 to 4. won as he liked. For the Grand National Hurdle Sace Sheet .Anchor was looked upon as a real good thing, but he failed to Ret amongst the first three, The Agent beat ing Gnardfigh in the run home. Corrigan was again .successful in the Grand National Steeplechase on the second favorite, Wymlett, by King Tom, Sailor and Denmark following him home. ' The chestnut gelding Fittmboroagh, well-known, to frequenters of Eand '?wiok, was the selected favorite for the Selling Hur- . dies, but was beaten easily by the Wagfja horse Student, notwithstanding that he had Corrigan on his back. Sixteen went out for the Flat Sace, Favor at 7st 4Ib being the public pick. He had no say in the finish, which was fought between The Ghost, who won by a head from Plausible; and Bohemian, ~who finished third, which brought matters to a conclusion. During the afternoon there were a great number of falls, but fortunately, with one exception, that of Tantaliser in the Grand National Hurdle Bace, they were unattended with any serious consequences. I was in hopes this week of being able to tell how some of the horses were going at Eandwick, but the weather has been such that it has prevented the opening of the course proper. On Tuesday last the Hon. J. White, accompanied by the secretary, paid the course a visit of in spection, with a view of settling upon a day upon which to opan the course for work. .The result was that another week's delay was decided on. This was made certain on Wednesday, when the rain came down in torrents. It most now be fully ten years since the course had such &\- saturating-. About taut time ago I remember going oat one morning with Mr. P. TattersalL, and the hollow at the baok was full of water, upon which a brace of wild duoks were calmly swimming about. Should this weather con tiaua, our horses will be very backward for their spring engagements. It is somewhat unfortunate for the Modgee folk that tlie Sydney Turf Club nave decided upon racing so close upon weir annual gathering. As far as the metropolitan sporting public are concerned it makes no difference. Those that wish couid easily make the trip to that pleasant town, witness the two days' racing, and then be present at Eandwick on the fol lowing day. Where the trouble .arises, however, ia wrEh the horses. With the prospect of a good day^s racing at Bandwick, owners and trainers do not oare for facing a journey with its attendant expense, like that to MugrJee, consequently they will sot enter. This is great loss to the meeting, as it considerably enhances the sport in the eyes of the '. country folk if there are horses from Sydney contending. The Mudgee Club have right upon their side, as the dates for their meeting were fixed, if I mistake not, in April last. This clashing in important sporting ^fixtures is a very serious thine. Only this week a member of another branch of sport (cycling) called my attention to the foot that the Northern Hunt -Club had 'jumped,' eo he expressed it, the date upon which a great reunion of wheelmen is to take place on the Association Ground. He and his com panions were very wrathful. At the same time, I could inform both wheel and turf men that they both selected % date which had been chosen by Mr. Frank Smith for the running of his all-important Sir Joseph Banks Handicap. I would remind those owners who intend nominat ing for the principal events of the New England Jockey Club Spring Meeting that they close upon Tuesday next. The Spring Handicap, ran for on the first day, receives 50 sovs.andthe Canington Handi cap, which will form the feature of the second day's running, as 100 sovs added money. Both are run for at favorite distances, and should receive numerous entries. . * Last Monday a rumor was circulated that Hr. L. Pyke, thewellrknown bookmaker, had dropped down dead in Melbourne. As usual at any important race meeting, Mr. Pyke attended the Grand National meet at Flemington, and it was also his intention to bye paid Deniuquin. a visit. He was deluged with wires, however, asking was it true. It is needless to say that it was only an idle rumor, and its foundation cannot be traced. It has had-, however, a very seri ous, effect .upon his mother. Last Tuesday was the date put down for -the receiving of the general entries for the Canterbury Park race meeting to be held on Saturday next. The total number for the fiveeyente was 59, quite enough to provide excellent sport, should the weather prove favorable. Mr. H. Stockdale has purchased privately from Mr. T.L; Baker, the yearling filly Queen of the South, by Henchman from' Queen*B Head. The' Wollongong Turf Club are out with their dates for the .next spring race meeting, to be held at the picturesque courpe on the basks oftbe Tom Thumb. October 21 and 22 are put down as the days for racing. They appear to fall very well, coming as they do between the spring meetings at Gaulfield and Flemington. Sydney visitors that eo wish can pay Wollongong-a visit, and then have almost a week tg spare before journeying to Flemington to witness the V.E..C. Berby and Melbourne Cnp run for. Excellent . entries have been received {ox the ?various events to be . ran for at Eosehill on Augusts. The entry closed on Tuesday last, and, by the list published in another column; it will be seen thai there are no less than 116 names received for ihe.-Ave eveats. The numbers in each event are as follow :— Spring Handicap, 34; Ex change Plate, .14; Junior Handicap, 24; Novices' Plate, 24; August Stakes, 23. A' match has bees arranged in the northern dis trict between Mr. T. Creeps b h Doubtful and Mr. f5fllly'« chsh Joker. The distance is one mile, and ?the stakes J525 a side. Wallsend racecourse is to be the-seene-of the matefe, and the date August 15, .=,- Acoording to a private letter received from the seoretary^f the Cobar Tnrf Club, Mr. 8: E. Wood, the late annual race meeting, held on July 3 and 4, rwaa afrebt auowaa. Splendid entriesweseTeoflwed, and witii the esoeption of the Maiden Plate, the finishes ^were vary close and exciting-. The Maifjen Plate opened tae n»etin0, and w&b; -won by Sard iWn, flfea aipo %|*ediWQMd in ^he Wqfeg Btodir cap. Stokes, Jnnvw, add Mnldobn opoupied the places in thejSEdwiniipr Handicap. The Pnblicana^ Purse was won by half a lengthily: Jonins from Mta dopn aad Stokes, the last namedpair&jiBhing; a flead heat. On pie *eoand day Mr. Cor%an'e Queerf«liow won Uifi fire* ©venl, apd pootar secured the Town ?late. ?,'. The i⁢|il9ni|a«oe i?#s »n«4i -S»t it gave the; purbhaseragoodprpfitonlas outhiy, and, taken nil round, the meeting was a, fiiiflnniftl ^poeeae. '?.- ' The race properties to opiaeptioii with the Canter bury Par}{ Da#|ti^ wftw ^^P»a «? »t Femwlly'-B PftftaaronMosfW.ses*. _? A. farther ?aaitjp? bt* mea rna^e to tjiw p» gramme JBBiied €pr the race ineettog 4a he held »t Bandwicfc on A-affust 22, under tne'euspices of *ne Northern Hunt Club. The additional race is for horses the property of members of a recognised Light Horse Corps.' The eoaditioneareas follows :— A tcqplqf yalae g5 Sffsrg fpr the winner, »nd a ew^ep- ] gtakesof leov for etartera to go to second horee; br horsee -the property of, and to be ridden by, mem- : bers of ^s Light Horse; weight list 81b, no allow- i atices ; a winner of any priee of the value pf ^0 6ove to casry 71b, and of 100 «ove pr pvar 14ib penalty! t ; fnrlangs. The entries elese - on Angnst 3. _ The . riders are to wear Bfldress nniform, with a distin- i gaishing eash qr sleey# knob ' i Aceordiag to the latest advices from England the i turf is about to lose Lord £oseber,y, who it is stated j wiil shortly sell off bis entire atud. In the same ! message it was also stated that the Prince of Wales | intends io siominate something for the next Derby and j Oats. The Prjnee has always taken a lively interest j indorse racing, and it is reported- landed a good j stake on Melton over the last Derby. The Prince of j WalBB'e colors are purple body and gold braid, scarlet ; decree, black velvet cap, and gold fringe. ? The Terong Basing Club and Eulowrie race meet- ' insr Have been registered bv the A. J.C. ! The Tasmanian brood mare Young Prudence, by Peter Wilkins from Prudence, died last week. She was the dam of the steeplechase horse Echo. Bell's Life pays we hear from a reliable corres pondent that Farewell, the One Thousand winner, was thought so little of for racing purposes as a yearling that she was turned away with the mares to ie bred from, ^ir Tatton Sykes, when on a visit to Eaton liked the daughter of Donoaster so much that she was sent to Kuigsclere to be trained. In the trial previous to the Two Thousand, Paradox gave Farewell. 211b and an easy beating, and it is evident that the fillies that ran in the One Thousand were a very moderate lot. According to the balance- sheet to be submitted to the annual meeting of t^e members of the Victoria B.a.otyg' Cinb on Monday week, all the race meetings held at Flemington, with the exception of the Spring, are a loss to the club. The profit made out oi the .last Spring meeting was JE 12,622 17a lOd. The heaviest loss was on the Autumn meeting, the defi ciency being .£1693 Ss 3d. The loss on the New Year's Day meeting was £600 17s 3d, whilst the Grand National meeting last year only produoed a deficit of JglSl Is 2d. After the receipts from the Spring meeting comes the item of .£4785 in connec tion with members' fees, and tiUjLbookmakers contri bute the substantial sum of S^fm Ws. This amount has been received from 123 bookmakers, who have paid S2o for the privilege of betting in the paddock, and 89 who have been registered to business on the ' hill.' at ,£10 10s. The English correspondent of the Australasian speaking1 of the Derby Day, says : — I shall not attempt to describe the scene, or the paddock, or the ruffian ism, or the miserable arrangements, the terrible crush and disorder, and the altogether discomfort attaching to a view or attempted view of the Derby. Personally, I always miss the first race., and so run down from London Bridge after the crowd, and after seeing the Derby I get back again before the crowd. Of course I have done the road many times and oft, and as I am getting older, I don't see much fun in being peppered with peas, flour, and occasionally an empty sodawater bottle ' thrown in'' The annual race meeting at Deniliquin appears to have been a success. Excellent fields contested each event and the finishes were very good. On the first the backers of Kisba backed him down to 2 to 1 for the Flying Handicap pf six furlongs. Alex. Xtobertson had the mount and got his horse well away, but was defeated in the run home by William Tell. Strange to say the defeated favorite, Kjsba upset a good thing in the next race, the Warbreccan Handi cap, of a mile. Sir Charles with Robertson up, went out at 2 to 1, while 10 to 1 was had about Kisba, who came .at the finish and beat Sir Charles by three parts of a length. Joe's Indian Queen II. was looked upon as a good thing for the First Hurdle Race, but never got a place : Brown Girl by Wizard, winning comfortably from Marie, with Letitja. third. Backers had a turn ! n the Jockey C3nb Handicap, Tantaliser winning easily. The Midwinter Handicap was also a win for the favorite, Wiliiam Tell. From Mr. C. Penfold secretary of the Canterbury (N.Z.) Jockey Club, I have received a very neatly ar ranged little book, containing progr/Kames, &c;, for '85- '8a. «S The New Zealand horse July hasggjapr Australia. He is full brother to Sir Modred, B®?was foaled in Jnly, from which Ue derives bis same. The cross- country rider, E. M'lvor, who had the mount on Progress when he won our Grand National Steeplechase, has again had the hard luck to put his collar-bone out. This was caused by Progress coming down with hi™ on Saturday last. This is the fourth time his collar-bone has been put out. 'Augur,' of the Austbalasian, writes that he had a look at the new training: track which has been made at Flemington. It is notyet finished, but prob ably will be in a^few days. It appears to be a capital job, except that it ought to have been about 10ft wider, for while two horses axe cantering it will be dangerous for others to pasa them at a gallop. The new railway platform is fast approaching completion, and the tunnel through which the grand stand visi tors will make their way will be a great improvement. 'Pendragon,' of tie English Befekee, gays ; — After all the silly pother that has been made about the deterioration of the English racehorse, it is grand to hear Mat. Dawsos, a man of the highest and hardest practical, experience, expressing bis undoubted opinion that thoroughbreds are better than ever they were before ; and that with regard to the much talked-about stayers of the days when four-mile hoats were fashionable, a moderate horse of now could stay by the side of a champion of then without being in any way extended, and therefore without being in any way distressed. When the time for coming away arrived he would come away without an effort. Pace is the real criterion of staying power, as has been here so often insisted. Eclipse is sup-, posed by many to have been the fastest runner and the oest stayer that ever lived. Mr. Dawson would not be inclined to favor the chances of Eclipse, if it were possible, to get, by miracle or otherwise, that wonder of wonders back into best shape again, and he were ia the Cesarswitoh of 18S5, with any weight his trainer cared to declare was best suited to him. The fact is, that it would be impossible to han dicap the best horse of as little ago as 50 years with the best horse of now by means of weight,- unless something quite out of all fair consideration were to be put apon the latter-day sample ; the race would have to be arranged on the pedestrian principle, and the ancient timer be allowed a start in yards, if not in furlongs. According to latest accounts Mr. Thomas Coker has nearly recovered from the accident which befel him a few weeks ago. He is now able to get about again. The well-known cross-country rider, Denny Cal lanan has located himself at Flemington. He has several boxes and will train horses. Mr. W. Gordon was successful 'with his beautiful filly Sandal, at Port Augusta, where she won the Port Ansrusta Cud, beating The Lawn, Exile, and others. Sandal ib half-sister to Footstep and Lord Wilton, by Winterlake from Instep, by Lord Clif den, and was bred by Mr. William Blackler, who leased her to Mr. Gordon for racing purposes. The English sporting writer .' Eapier says:— -X note that a good long time ago there were some sharp people at w&at; is now the turf metropolis. I&iihe; reign of Edward I. an .inquisition was held, and a jury found that a robber came into Newmarket, «nd stole a horse wprffal4s, whereupon Nicholas le Bees, the king's bailiff, arrested man and horee, both of which he detained in custody. Fourteen shillings was not much to give for a horse, bat, of course, 14s in the reign of Edward I. represents a comparatively large sum now. However, the point of the story is that while the thief was is durance ' he seized the opportunity of stealing the bailiff's purse and belt, and escaped with the plunder.- It would have paid Master Nicholas le Bees better if he had not oeen successful in capturing this Very light-fingered varlet, There was some extraordinary racing atSoekaway, in the States, the other day, if the account in. the New York Hbbaxd is correct. The affair started with a half- mile race for qualified hunters, a some-, what short course to test the capacity of a hunter, one -would think. ' All the horses had their front hair braided and, their back hair banged,' the reporter states, as the result of an investigation of the animals' ?manes and tails. The favorite was beaten by a creature which suddenly 'seemed to think that he had a train to catch,' so he hurried. Then there was a steeplechase. It was thought that a horse called Ecuador would win, but ' when he got as far as the first jump he decided that he had had all he wanted.' so he stopped. Another came along as if he was on roller skates ; several fell, others can round their fences, and they 'mixed things bo that it took the judges twenty; minutes to deoide who had won.' We otjineoly hope that the race was given to, say, one of the first three or four. In wsfe States, as here, are to be found 'benevolent individuals who wonted to sell 'tips'' warranted to enable the purchaser to 'win all hie beta. One descendant of , an Afrioan nobleman asked only 10 cents for the privilege/f The value pf the last English Derby Stakes was JB4S25jft Blight falling off from last year, whpa Sir _ John Wllloughby and Mr, 4-. HjHMPPsA ' -iiirisi$! -^@4^j00. M[oltoti*8 J^erby tiiine ^spines -glo^ »p the ffjnrip 43sec credited fa Kettlednim «id Blair AwipJ in 1&6J ahdiSWreepeefciTely. ,'«»« Pon of Master Jpldare and Violet Meirose ponomplighed the distance in 2mjn 4S '-f-^ec, -fWo' !»# £#« 1*8. 4ej4*wrt»E8, Si 1881, Iroqaois, 2min- jSOsee-; 18&, Bender, 2nyn ' 46sec: 1OT0, Sir Bevys Smin Isecj 1878, Seftpn,, 3min; 1877, Silvio, 2mLn49isec; 1876, Kisber. $min 44*83; 1875, Gftlopin. 3min 48*w-: 1874, fleow fradeiiok, flmin 46*«oi 1873, Droowrt**, 3mln 50»o j 1872, Cremorne, fcnjn 45$«eo ; X87J, fawnua, Smin SOiseo. The Pi»fecfc of Police at Paris etiDQ continues to take stringent measures against the betting agencies ; the authorities being determined not Io allow betting to be carried on exeepton the Taeeconrses.« Some little time baok die poMoe ordered the establishment known as the ' Intenaediare da ?Tnrf ,' wbiob. is situated in the Rue de Ohoiseul, to be cloaed, and they have now made a raid upon the offices of ?' Williams'e Turf,' in the Bne Lepaletier, and con fiscated all the books and money found in the pro prietor's possession. The proprietor parried on the business of a commission agent as well as a tipster. 