A Honeymoon Adventure. By A. C. Cbaptsr XI. lhat night— that second and eventful and evertobe remembered night— Bertha went to bed in the utmost peace and comfort. She had all sorts of luxuries around her ; a soft Persian carpet, deliriously old and precious, to stand cm ; a real dressing-table, with a lace-frilled cover and a looking-glass and candlesticks upon it ; a bath, au easy chair, fine linen and towels, and sundry other tokens of a thoughtful attention to her little wants. 'Lady Sarah, of course,' suggested Will, when thoy surveyed tbe haunted chamber after its metamorphosis into a charming if rather too spacious bedroom. 'No,' said Bertha promptly. 'A woman would npt go to all that uncalled-for trouble for another woman. 2'm sure it is my dear old man who thought of every thing.'.' . She stood before the antique oval mirror, winding her ? . ? .* ? ei ? .1 ? :j ? j 1 watco sua yawning' eieepuy. one wu urea, mm ma, ua to-night she meant to have e real good rest. All their adventures seemed over, and by this time her thoughts were ?uaoisg upon the pleasant days to come when she would be mistress of the Chase, with the stately rooms refurnished — or at (east as many of them as were necessary— and her Australian friends, that .delightful circle of Christmas ffUBets, around her. Will was lounging in the arm-chair in his elippers and shirt-sleeves, enjoying a cigarette and a desultory chat, as serene as she was in his conviction that they had a peaceful night before them. Outside, upon the corridor, their guard reposed on their respective shake downs—the original pair augmented by Morgan, who had received his master's permission to offer himself, ani who ?at on the oaken stool, grim and keen and wide-awake, to watch in the spirit as well as in the letter, determined to take every advantage of the opportunity. To him Mr. Ardley had entrusted the revolver, as being the oldest, the coolest, and the least superstitious of the three (in spite of his experiences), after giving him sundry cautions to be careful with it, which were not very amiably received. The young man, had hod a talk with the butler before retiring, and had discovered that he was'pissionately, 'almost savagely, devoted to the Montforte, that he had adored the scape ?race Mr. Edward, and that he bitterly resented the idea of 'interlopers' taking possession of the house which had been sacred to'the exclusive use of ' the family ' from time immemorial. 'I like him for it,' said Will magnanimously, as he smoked and gossiped with his 'wife while she brushed her bair before the looking-glass. ' A crusty, cantankerous eld curmudgeon aB he is, he's as true as steel and as honest as the day. You can seethat with half an eye. One of the {rood old race of servants that is fast dying out, more'a the pity. I am glad he is here to- night ; he's the sort of man whose testimony will be relied on.' Presently Bertha's head was on the pillow and her eye lids dropping over her sleepy eyes. Will, also feeling com fortably drowsy, and quite ready to lay his heal beside her, stepped- to the cow unlocked door, and, opening it for«n \- Inch or two, asked if they were ' all right out there F' * '1A11 right, sir,' the three men responded promptly. *- Good night, then,' said Will. ' Call me if anything is the matter,' but don't make more noise than you can help. Mrs.l Ardley is tired, and 1 don't want her to be disturbed.' ' Good night, sir.' Will closed the door softly, and put out the candles on the dressing-table. Ten minutes afterwards both he and his wife .were slumbering like a fair of infants, as pro foundly and peacefully as ever they had done in their lives. They aid not doze with one eye open and one ear on the alert to-night',' they deliberately gave themselves up to ! what Will called a ' square sleep,' feeling perfectly safe in | doing so ; and, as they were young and healthy, with arrears of rest to make up, Bleep was not wooed in vain. They ' went off ' as quickly and as soundly as if they had taken opiates for tbe purpose. Nevertheless, soundly as she slept, Berth i awoke a little after midnight, and knew, before she opened her eyes, that she had been frightened awake by some occult power of which her physical senses were not as yet conscious, and bad not roused herself in any natural way. It was with a distinct shock that she suddenly realised where Bhe was— the vest black room and the pale moonlight that could do so I'iii. i. 1* Li ? *i ? J3 _ J. At_ ? ? ? ? ? - ? 1 ? !? ? t il . jiiiie io uguieu il— auu iue name uiuweni reeiiBoa zuml she had been compelled to untimely [remembrance of her surroundings. She had been far away in dreamland, and eomething — something — had imperatively called her back. Even while the did not know what it wbb, hearing and seeing nothing, she had no doubt of the authenticity of the summons, ana lay in a cold paralysis of fright and awe till the formless dread Bhould reveal itself. Her husband was gently snoring beside her, with his head rolled in the bed clothes; he had not been disturbed by that presence that was in the air ; and she felt powerless, to lift hand or voice to awaken him, though she would have given anything to have done so. Without moving she opened her eyes and looked info the darkness straight before her, with a sort of instinct for the quarter whence the revelation would come. The bedstead had no footboard or rail to obstruct her view ; but the moon was obscured, and for a few seconds she could not see the opposite side of the room. Gradually, however, the dark outlines faintly defined themselves — the division of wall -from ceiling and of panel froai'panel — until ehe could see the ehape of the recess in which the picture that fronted her was embedded. While her fascinated eyes were fixed upon this familiar object, ehe distinctly saw a movement of the j canvas— the blackened surface still shone with old varnish, and the dim light, which was not much more than nega tive darkness, quivered on and off it ; and, still looking, she saw a moment afterwards that the picture was gone. Not altogether gone, but, as it were, cut in two— the faet being that it was pushed up in a groove, as one pushes up tbe sash of a window, leaving the lower half of the space it had occupied empty. JKmpty!— no, it was not empty. Bertha knew now what it was that had chilled her blood even while she slept. Stooping and peering out from this black hollow were a pair of eyes— there was a dim, dim head belonging to them, but the eyes were all she caw — wild, hungry eyes that glared at her with increasing ferocity as the clou is rolled awayfrcm the moon and the darkness of the dread ful room grew lighter aud lighter, while she lay, like a rabbit in the cage of a boa constrictor, frozen stiff with horror, and unable to articulate even the little whisper that would have awakened Will. Whether the man (for she knew it was a man and .no ghost) could eee that she was watching him, she could not teii, but she had a suffocating sense of something dreadful going to happen— murder was what she thought of — whioh ehe would only precipitate if she spoke, or moved, or m any way betrayed her knowledge of his presence and movements. Thus they confronted each other for a while— how long she could not tell — while the eound of her own heart beat ing terrified her by its loudness; and then the man cautiously stretched out. a hand, leaned forward, craning his ehsggy neck, and put a stealthy foot over the wainscot to step into the room. - When she eaw that, Mrs. Ardley felt that tbe end had come. Tho spell that had paralysed her faculties teemed to snap and free her, ber tongue was loote ned, her dry throat expanded, and she suddenly uttered a ringing ehrtek that woke the echoes of thshouse, and woke All her men protectors to a sense of the situation. Ere the eonnd died Will was out of bed, and the sentinels in the corridor stumbling to their feet In the same moment the mysterious intruder made a rush across the room towards the door, evidently with the intention to escape. He fell over the easy chair, which rolled on the floor with a resounding crash ; and Will, who could see nothing, but heard the noise and a savage oath in a hoarse, strange voice, groped for his revolver, and then shouted to his men at the top of his voice : ' Look out there ! Stop him ! Stop him !' Tbe door was wrenched open, and down the corridor — which was lighted by a stable lantern as well as by the moon— tbe fugitive rushed at headlong speed, and was heard in tbe ccboing gallery around the hall and heavily pounding down staiis. Abel Bowe and Bob the constable iell tack in bewildered consternation as he passed, not having had time to realise that tbe apparition was made of fleeh end blood ; but old Morgan darted after him, like a terrier after a rat, crying ' Ahah ! it's you, is it ?' in a tone that seemed a revelation to his two colleagues. 'By jingo!' ejaculated Bob; and 'Good Lord!' exclaimed Abel Bowe in the seme breath ; and then they too sprang forward and followed the chase with equal ardour. Will lit the candle at his own bedside, and was dragging on some clothes and staring at the hole in the wall, and Bertha was also snatching at her dressing-gown and Blippers, when the noises in the distant centre of the houce culminated in two loud reports of the revolver, followed by long reverberating echoes, and then compara tive silence. 'They have shot him,' said WL1, turning to run down stairs. 'Oh, don't leave me here alone!' cried his*wife, sobbing and trembling. ' Let me come with you, Will.' 'You mustn't,' be urged anxiously. 'Yon don't know what you mayn't see. It isn't fit for yoa, my dar ling— I was wrong to bring you here ? ' lint he expostnlated in vain. She would go with him, and she went. And when they got down to the great hall, there they fonnd a gaunt and haggard man lying on the pavement, with a bullet in his neck and the track of another through his body, the orifice in his hairy chest whence it had come out a dreadful hole babbling with air and blood. ' He*a done for,' said Bob/ who knelt beside him, hold ing his helpless hand, ' Poor old chap !' murmured Abet Bowe, who was dropping a tear to the memory of ancient friendship, j 'And eo it was you, after all, was it? Well, you've cheated the gallows, George, anyway.' And Morgan banded the revolver to its possessor, with a emile of malignant satisfaction. ' Thank you, sir,' ha raid. 'It's done better service than you thought for when you lent it to me.' 'Who is it?' asked Will, wishing the revolver had been at the bottom of tbe sea, as he looked at the poor wretch drawing a last breath at his feet. ' It's George Barnard, sir; him that killed our Mr. Edward.'. Chapter XII. This was the explanation of the mystery of the Haunted Chamber. Some time afterwards, when she was slowly tallying from a severe illness— coming back to life to find her baby dead, her father dead, her grandmother stricken with paralysis and tottering into the grave after them— Jane Barnard gave Mrs. Ardley the full history of the affair. lhe poor girl bad borne the successive shocks which were expected to kill her with a strange calmness and fortitude ; they had left her spent and broken indeed, but lightened of an incalculable load of crushing pain ana care; acd Bertha's opportune and practical Kindness, which took no account of disgrace and obloquy, was a new medicine that had wonderfully healing properties. She I was a friend in need to whom tbe unfortunate young woman clung with ardent affection, 'in the utter loneliness of her return from .her sick bed to the work-a*day world ; and to ber ehe felt it a relief to talk of the trials that Eertba tried to persuade her to forget as past and done | with, never to return. ' It was a cruel thing to shoot him,' eaid Jane, speak ing of her father's end ; ' and yet it was best, ma'am. They didn't call that murder — Mr. Morgan was even praised for not letting him escape, and he feels proud to have been the one to revenge his young master that he Icved co much ; and if poor father hadn't died so, worse would have happened to him. For he did do it, ma'am — I caw hizp do it. with my own eyes— and begged him to kill n:e too while he was about it, and he said he wished he could, for it would be better for me than to live in sin and shame. O yes, he did it ! And they might have made me witness against him— and I could not have cleared him— that was what I was always Jdreading, and that was why I persuaded him to do what he did. Many a time have I wished I'd let *him run for it at 'first — it would have been sooner over.' Then she went into details. ' I thought he'd be eo sure to be taken out of doors that, as the night went on and nobody teemed to know what had happened— and as I began to understand things, and what a good father he had always been, and how it was all my fault and not his — I made him hide in the secret cellar behind the picture, which nobody knew of except Mr. Edward, who found it out and told me about it, and 1 begged him not to stir till the hunt for him was over a bit, and I could help him to get oft when thej were away after him somewhere else. I aid not think it would be long— not more than a few weeks at mOBt. And I got some food from downstairs to keep him going ; and 1 gave him plenty of matches, so that he could etnke a light in the window, so that he could make a signal to me, you know, ma'am, when necessary ? ' ' I see,' 6aid Bertha, nodding. ' But ' — in a shocked voice — ' I wonder you could think of all that— at such a time!' ' Ob, ma'am, I did not think of it at all that night ! I had to do it by degrees. I found that it was not safe for him to come out — they were watching the woods and every hole and corner for him, and there waBthat price set upon his head — and so 1 had to tret more food to him, as I coutd, and to arrange some kind of signalling by which we conld let each other know things— and then I gave him the matches. But there was a fate in it,' said Jane; 'that hole was to be his prison, just as much as if the police had taken him.. The servants saw me when I was trying to get Into tbe east wing unbeknown to carry himjfood — I could only take what I could carry in a pocket under my skirts — and they thought I was a ghest. It was convenient at first, tor they kept a way from that part of the house and I could get to my father easier; and it was then that he began to make -plane for his getting away out of the east wing and into the woods. He was to be dressed to look like a ghost, and I was going to meet him in the shrubbery and show him where to fo. But then Mr. Morgan followed me one night, so that had to hide behind the picture with father; and that frightened me. And then the family suddenly left the house and we were Btopped altogether. There were workmen about, movingi the furniture and poking and prying all over the place, and we dared not make a sign to each other; and then the door of the big room was locked, like all lhe others, and father was locked in, and there was only the window to get out of ; and, as you know, ma'am, no one could get out of that. I was going to bring him some rope to make a ladder with, but that very day I was confined — sooner than I thought for— and oh, how hungry poor father was before I could get to him again ! I thought he would have been starved, like a poor mouse left in a trap ; and so he was, very nearly. And ever since then I have walked np there, three nights a week at least, to speak to him and take him what little food I could scrape together. I used to rtand in the shrubbery till dark, and then strike a light behind a certain laurel bush ; and then he struck bis light to show me he was there, and I went on to the terrace and be let down a piece ot s'ring for the bundle I had for him. You were very nearly catching us, ma'am, that first night you and Mr. Ardley walked up to look at the house — as the policeman did catch me the night afterwards. I thought it was father's light in the window.' ' But why didn't he make his rope-ladder and get away ' Well, ma'am, it was a long lime before I could get the rope— 1 was so afraid of rousing suspicions; and then so many things happened to stop us using it. And father wafn't so badly off, you see, considering all the dangers to him out of doors. He bad the big room to live in while there was no one in tbe house; he used to rub the floor all over so that it didn't show any dust marks of his foet, and - pick tip every crumb ho had dropped ; and he always had Sit picture up, so that he ooold dip bade into the wall at the1 tint strand. And I managed to get him a 'book or a newspaper sometimes, and he did several little old jobs to pass his time; indeed, I was always putting it off —his c ming out— for fear.be should be taken. He teemed more safe there.' ?' But when we came he waa not safe, you see 7' ' No, ma'am. We did not expect that. And I tried to frighten you Into not going — it came so sudden, and I didn't know what else to do. Oh, poor, poor father ! 1 had no chance to get to him again— be must have been hungry; he thought there was nothing for it but to make a bolt while the doors would open on the inside ? ' ' There, there,' said Mrs. Ardley soothingly, as the in valid girl began to sob and cry; 'don't go on. I know all about it now. Try not to fret any more, Jane, but think of the new life before you when yoa go home to Aus tralia with me.' From Mrs. A rdley's latest letters to her family we learn that she and Will have taken The Chase for a year or two, and are very busy over the pleasant task of refurnishing and putting it into order for the celebration of that 'real English Christmas' which they expect to enjoy shortly. ' We are going to live in tbe east wing instead of in the west, which was used by the family,' writes Bertha, ' because we think it will have a good effect upon the village and be a kindness to the dear old squire (who is simply charming). The room where poor Edward Mont foit was murdered makes a delicious boudoir, and the haunted chamber is to be the most beautiful drawing-room in the United Kingdom. When we have our tableaux and theatricals at Christmas w shall find the secret hiding place most useful. It consists of a flight of steep and j narrow stairs, with a very long underground passage, ter minating in a well at the bottom— a sort of oubliette, in fact. We are going to board the top of the stairs over, to shut off tbe fusty air of the cellar and to guard against the young folks tumbling down and hurting themselves ; and then the recess behind the pictare will be a nice little cup board, quite big enough to change your dress in. 8ome people may say that it shows bad taste and heartleesness on our part to live and eat and laugh and disport ourselves in the very place where so many horrors have been enacted, murders and ghosts, and crime and suffering of such a tragic sort; but I agree with Will that that is just morbid sentimental ism, which we despise. It seems to -us the kindest as well as the most sensible thing to help to wipe oat the bloodstains ani all the ugly associations that are 1 like a curse upon tbe house as soon a- possible. And so j we are going to do it— on principle. We think it sets a good exsmple.' j ' Will Ardley was always peculiar,' says Mrs. Smith, 'and he is making Bertha just like him. I couldn't have dc ne it, my dear ; could you P' [Concluded.] 