'I SAY NO;' OR, THE LOVE-LETTER ANSWERED. Br WILKIE COLLINS. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK THE THIKD.— THE SPELL. Chapter XL. — Consuming. Out of the music-room and away from his violin the sound side of Mr. Wyvil's character was free to assert itself. In his public and in his private capacity he was an eminently sen sible man. As a member of Parliament he set an example which might have been followed with advantage by many of his colleagues. In the first place he abstained from hastening the downfall of representative institutions by asking questions and making speeches. In the second place he was able to distinguish between the duty that he owed to his party and the duty that he owed to his country. When, the Legislature acted politically — that is to say, when it dealt with foreign complications or electoral reforms — he followed his leader. When the Legislature acted socially — that is to say, for the good of the people — he followed his conscience. On the last occasion when the great Russian, bugbear provoked a division he voted submissively with his Conservative allies. But when the question of opening museums and picture galleries on Sundays arrayed the two parties in hostile camps he broke into open mutiny and went over to the Liberals. He consented to help in Ereventing an extension of the franchise ; but e refused to be concerned in obstructing the repeal of taxes on knowledge. 'I am doubtful in the first case, ' he said, 'but I am sure in tlie second.' He was asked for an explanation — ' Doubtful of what ? and sure of what?'' To the astonishment of Ins leader he answered — ' The benefit to the people.' Thelsame sound sense appeared in the transactions of his private life. Lazy and dishonest servants found that the gentlest of masters had a side to his character which took them by surprise. And on certain occasions in the experience of Cecilia and her sister the most indulgent of fathers proved to be as capable of saying ' No' as the sternest tyrant who ever ruled a fireside. Called into council by his daughter and his guest, Mr. Wyyil assisted them by advice which was equally wise and kind, but which after wards led, under the perverse influence of cir cumstances, to deplorable results. The letter to Emily which Cecilia had re commended to her father's consideration had come from Netherwoods, and had been written by Alban Morris. He assured Emily that he had only decided on writing to her, after some hesitation, in the hope of serving interests which he did not him self understand, but which might prove to be interests worthy of consideration nevertheless. Having stated his motive in these terms, he . proceeded to relate what had passed between Miss Jethro and himself — concealing for obvious reasons the farewell words in which she had so strangely alluded to the memory of Emily's father. On the subject of Francine Alban only ventured to add that she had not produced a favorable impression on him, and that he could not think her likely, on further experience, to prove a desirable friend. On the last leaf were added some lines which Emily was at no loss how to answer. She had folded back the page, so that no eyes but her own should see how the poor drawing-master finished his letter : — 'I wish you all possible happiness, my dear, among your new friends ; but don't forget the old friend who thinks of you and dreams of you and_ longs to see you again. The little world I live in is a dreary world, Emily, in your absence. Will you write to me now and then and encourage me to hope ?' Mr. Wyvil smiled as he looked at the folded page which hid the signature. 'I suppose I may take it for granted,' he said slily, ' that this gentleman really has your interests at heart ? May I know who he is ?' Emily answered the last question readily enough. Mr. Wyvil went on with his enquiries. 'About the mysterious lady with the strange name,' he proceeded— 'do you know anything of her?' Emily related what she knew without reveal ing the true reason for Miss Jethro's departure from Netherwoods. In after years it was one of her most treasured remembrances that she had kept secret the melancholy confession which had startled her on the last night of her life at school. Mr. Wyvil looked at Alban's letter again. ' Do you know how Miss Jethro became acquainted with Mr. Mirabel?' he asked. 'I didn't even know that they were acquainted.' ' Do you think it likely — if Mr. Morris had been talking to you instead of writing to you — ? that he might have said more than he has said in his letter?' Cecilia had hitherto remained a model of discretion. Seeing Emily hesitate, temptation overcame her. ' Not a doubt of it, papa,' she declared confidently. 'Is Cecilia right ?' Mr. Wyvii enquired. Reminded in this way of her influence over Alban, Emily could only make one honest reply. She admitted that Cecilia was right. Mr. Wyvil thereupon advised her not to express any opinion, until sbe wajj in a better position to judge for herself. ? When you write to Mr. Morris,' he continued, -'.say that you will wait to tell him what you thbJc of Miss Jethro until you see him again.' '_I have no prospect at present of seeing him again,' Emily saidL ' You can see Mi\ Morris whenever it suits him to come here,' Mr. Wyvil replied. 'I will write and ask him to visit us, and you can enclose the invitation in your letter.' ' Oh, Mr. Wyvil, how good of you '.' 'Oh, papa, the very thing I was going to ask you to do !' The excellent master of Monksmoor looked unaffectedly surprised. 'What are you two young ladies making a fuss about ?' he said. 'Mr. Morris is a g-entleman by profession ; and — may I venture to say it, Miss Emily? — a valued friend of yours as well. Who has a better claim to be one of my guests ?' Cecilia stopped her father as he was about to leave the room. 'I suppose we mustn't ask Mr. Mirabel what he knows of Miss Jethro ?' she said. 'My dear, what can you be thinking of? What right have we to question Mr. Mirabel about Miss Jethro ?' 'It's so very unsatisfactory, papa. There must be some reason why Emily and Mr. Mirabel ought not to meet, or why should Miss Jethro have been so very earnest about it.' 'Miss Jethro doesn't intend us to know why, Cecilia. It will perhaps come out in tune. Wait for time.' Left together, the girls discussed the course which Alban would probably take on receiving Mr. Wyvil's invitation. ' He will only be too glad,' Cecilia asserted, 'to have the opportunity of seeing you again.' 'I doubt whether he will care about seeing me again among strangers,' Emily replied. 'And you forget that there are obstacles in his way. How is he to leave his class ?' ' Quite easily. His class doesn't meet on the Saturday half-holiday ; he can be here, if he starts early, in time for luncheon, and he can stay till Monday or Tuesday.' ' Who is to take his place at the school ?' ' Miss Ladd, to be sure, if you make a point of it. Write to her as well as to Mr Morris.' The letters being written, and the order having been given to prepare a room for the expected guest, Emily and Cecilia returned to the drawing-room. They found the elders of the party variously engaged — the men with news papers and the ladies with work. Entering the conservatory next, they discovered Cecilia's sister languishing among the flowers in an easy chair. Constitutional laziness in some young ladies assumes an invalid character, and presents the interesting spectacle of perpetual convalescence. The doctor declared that the baths at St. Moritz had cured Miss Julia. Miss Julia declined to agree with the doctor. ' Come in the garden with Emily and me,' Cecilia said. ' Emily and you don't know what it is to be ill,' Julia answered. The two girls left her, and joined the young people who were amusing themselves m the garden. Francine had taken possession of Mirabel, and had condemned hun to hard labor in swinging her. He made an attempt to get away when Emily and Cecilia approached, and wasperemptorily recalled to his duty. 'Higher,' cried Miss de Sor, in her hardest tones of authority. 'I want to swing higher than anybody else!' Mirabel submitted with gentleman-like resignation, and was rewarded by tender encouragement expressed in a look. ' Do you see that ?' Cecilia whispered. 'He knows how rich she is ; I wonder whether he will marry her.' Emily smiled. ' I doubt it while he is in this house,' she said. ' Youare asriehas Francine, and don't forget that you have other attractions as well.' Cecilia shook her head. 'Mr Mirabel is very nice,' she admitted, 'but I wouldn't marry him. Would you?' Emily secretly compared Alban with Mirabel. ' Not for the world !' she answered. The next day was the day of Mirabel's departure. His admirers among the ladies followed Viim out to the door, at which Mr. Wyvil's carriage was waiting. Francine threw a_ ncsegay after the departing guest as he got in. 'Mind you come back to us on Monday!' she said. Mirabel bowed, and thanked her ; but his last look was for Emily, standing apart from the others at the top of the steps. Franeine said nothing. Her lips closed convulsively — she turned suddenly pale. Chapter XLI. — Speechifving. On the Monday a ploughboy from Vale Kegis arrived at Monksmoor. In respect of himself he was a person beneath notice. In respect of his errand he was sufficiently important to cast a gloom over the household. The faithless Mirabel had broken his engagement, and the ploughboy was the herald of misfortune who brought bis apology. To his great disappointment (he wrote), he was detained by the affairs of his parish. He could only trust to Mr. Wyvil's indulgence to excuse him, and to communicate his sincere sense of regret (on scented note paper) to the ladies. Everybody believed in the affairs of the parish, with the exception of Franeine. 'Mr. Mirabel has made the best excuse he could think of for shortening his visit ; and I don't wonder at it,' she said, looking significantly at Emily. Emily was playing with one of the dogs ; exercising him in the tricks which he had learnt. She balanced a morsel of sugar on his nose — and had no attention to spare for Fran cine. Cecilia, as the mistress of the house, felt it her duty to interfere. ' That is a strange re mark to make, ' she answered. ' ' Do you mean to say that we have driven Mr. Mirabel away from us ?' ' I accuse nobody,' Francine began with spiteful candor. *? Now she's going to accuse everybody !' Emily interposed, addressing herself face tiously to the dog. 'But when girls are bent on fascinating men, whether they like it or not,' Francine proceeded, 'men have only one alternative — they must keep out of the way.' She looked again at Emily, more pointedly than ever. Even gentle Cecilia resented this. ' Whom do you refer to ?' she said, sharply. ' My dear !' Emily remonstrated, ' need you ask?' She glanced at Francine as she spoke, and then gave the dog his signal. He tossed up the sugar, and caught it in his mouth. His audience applauded him — and so for that time the skirmish ended. Among the letters of next morning's delivery arrived Alban's reply. Emily's anticipations ^ proved to be correct. The drawing-master's duties would not permit liirn to leave Netherwoods ; and he, like Mirabel, sent his apologies. His short letter to Emily contained no further allusion to Miss Jethro ; it began and ended on the first page. Had he been disappointed by the tone of reserve in which Emily had written to hun under Mr. Wyvil's advice ? Or (as Cecilia suggested) had his detention at the school so bitterly disappointed hun that he was too dis heartened to write at any length? Emily made no attempt to arrive at a conclusion either one way or the other. She seemed to be in depressed spirits, and she spoke super stitiously for the first tune in Cecilia's expe rience of her. ' I don't like this re-appearance of Miss Jethro,' she said. ' If the mystery about that woman is ever cleared up it will bring trouble and .sorrow to me — and I believe, in his own secret heart, Alban Moms thinks so too.' ' Write and ask him,' Cecilia suggested. ' He is so kind and so unwilling to distress me,' Emily answered, ' that he wouldn't ac knowledge 'it even if I am right.' In the middle of the week the course of pri vate life at Monksmoor suffered an interrup tion, due to the parliamentary position of the master of the house. The insatiable appetite for making and hear ing speeches, which represents one of the marked peculiarities of the English race (in cluding their cousins in the United States), had seized on Mr. Wyvil's constituents. There was to be a political meeting at the market hall in the neighboring town, and the member was expected to make an oration, passing in review contemporary events at home and abroad. ' Pray don't think of accompanying me,' the good man said to his guests. 'The hall is badly ventilated, and the speeches, including my own, will not be worth hearing.' This humane warning was ungratefully dis regarded. The gentlemen were all interested in ' the objects of the meeting, ' and the ladies were firm in the resolution not to be left at home by themselves. They dressed with a view to the large assembly of spectators before whom they were about to appear, and they out-talked the men on political subjects all the way to the toivn. The most delightful of surprises was in store for them when they reached the market hall. Among the crowd of ordinary gentlemen waiting under the portico until^the proceedings began appeared one person of distinction, whose title was '.Reverend,' and whose name was MirabeL Francine was the first to discover him. She darted up the steps and held out her hand. 'This is a pleasure!' she cried. 'Have you come here to see — ' She was about to say me, but, observing the strangers round har, altered the word to us. ' Please give me your arm,' she whispered, before her young friends had arrived within hearing. 'I am so frightened in a crowd !' She held fast by Mirabel, and kept a jealous watch on him. Was it only her fancy, or did she detect a new charm in his smile when he spoke to Emily ? Before it was possible to decide, the time for the meeting had arrived. Mr. Wy_vil's friends were, of course, accommodated with seats on the platform. Francine, still insisting on her chum to Mirabel's arm, got a chair next to him. As she seated herself, she left him free for a moment. In that moment the infatuated man took an empty chair on the other side of him, and placed it for Emily. He communicated to that hated rival the information which he ought; to. have reserved, for Francine. 'The committee inslsi,' he said, 'on my prop33in°r ?? one of the resolution*. I promise not to bare you ; mine shall be the shortest speech de livered at the meeting.' The proceedings began. Among the earlier speakerg not one was - inspired »y a feeling of mercy for *Jie audience. The chairman revelled in words. The mover and seconder of the first resolution (n^fc having so much as a ghost of an idea to trouble' £ither of them) poured out language in flowin,? and ' : overflowing streams, like water from a J-sr- . petual spring. The heat exhaled by fhe crowded audience was already becoming in* ; sufferable. Cries of 'Sit down?' assailed the ? - orator of the moment. The chairman was ; obliged to interfere. A man at the back of ??- the hall roared out, 'Ventilation !' and broke a window with his stick. He was rewarded ; with three rounds of cheers, and was ironically ' invited to mount the platform aud take the ' chair. Under these embarrassing' circumstances Mirabel rose to speak. He secured silence at the outset by a humorous allusion to the -prolix speaker who had preceded him. 'Look Ut the clock, gentlemen,' he said, ' and limit my speech ti- an interval of ten minutes.' The applause which followed was heard, through th-? broken window, in the street. The b-ys among the mob outside intercepted the tiow of air by climbing on each other's shoulders and looking in at the meeting through the gaps left by the shattered glass. Having proposed his resolution with discreet brevity cf speech, Mirabel courted popularity on the plan adopted by the late Lord Palmerston in the House of Commons — he told . stories and made jokes adapted to the intelligence of the dullest people who were listening to him. The charm of his voice and manner completed his success. Punctually at the tenth minute he sat down amid cries of 'Go on.' Francine was the first to take his hand, „ and to express admiration mutely by press ing it. He returned the pressure— but h« looked at the wrong lady — the lady on the other side. Although she made_ no complaint, he in stantly saw that Emily was overcome by the heat. Her lips were white, and her eyes were closing. 'Let me take you out, 'he said, 'or you will faint.' Francine started to her feet to follow them. ' The lower order of the audience, eager, for amusement, put their own humorous cbnj struction on the young lady's action. They roared with laughter. 'Let the parson and his sweetheart be,' they called out; 'two's . company, Miss, and three isn't.' Mr. Wyvil interposed his authority, and rebuked them. . ^ A lady seated behind Francine interfered to good purpose by giving her & chair, which ? . placed her out of eight of the audience. 'Order ? . - ~ was restored — and the proceedings were re- -. ... : '.??' :'.. sumed. ... On the conclusion of the meeting, Mirabel - ?'. and Emily were found waiting for their friends '-..:'? at the door. Mr. Wyvil innocently added fuel '.'??'* i. to the fire that was burning in Francine. He ? '??'?;'? insisted that Mirabel should return to Monks- . ? . : % moor, and offered him a seat in the carriage at ? ? - ? Emily's side. . . Later in the evening, when they all met at dinner, there appeared a change in Miss de Sor which surprised everybody but MirabeL : . She was gay and good-humored, and especially - ? '. amiable and attentive to Emily— who sat op posite to her at the table. 'What did you and Mr. Mirabel talk about while you were .. .' away from us?' she asked innocently. 'Politics?' Emily readily adopted Francme's friendly tone. _' Guess again!' she said gaily. 'I can only guess that you lad the most delightful of companions,' Francine rejoined ; . 'and I wish I had been overcome by the heat too !' Mirabel — attentively observing her — acknow- ' . ' -. . ledged the compliment by a bow, and left ? Emily to continue the conversation. In per- . '. .-; feet good faith she owned to having led Mirabel to talk of himself. She had heard . - from Cecilia that his early life had been de- . voted to various occupations, and she was in terested in knowing how circumstances had . ? ? ': led him into devoting himself to the Church. ' Francine listened with jthe outward appear- ' - : ance of implicit belief, and with the inward ': conviction that Emily was deliberately de ceiving her. When the little narrative was .. -I. ? ; . at an end she was more agreeable than ever. ?? She admired Emily's dress, and she rivalled . ? Cecilia in enjoyment of the good things on the table ; she entertained Mirabel with : humorous anecdotes of the priest at San . '?-'. - Domingo, and was so interested in the manu- . . ? ' . - : facture of violins, ancient and modern, that - - ? ? ? : . Mr. Wyvil promised to show her his famous. ; -. ... collection of instruments after dinner. Her . ? - ? - ..r . overflowing amiability included even poor Miss Damaway and the absent brothers and sisters. She heard, with flattering sympathy, . . - how they had been ill and had got well . . . ' -, again ; what amnsing tricks they played, . . ' what alarming accidents happened to ftTiom^ ' and how remarkably clever liney were—' in- . ? ..?'' .?':.?' eluding, I do assure yon, dear Miss de Sor, the baby only ten months old.' When the ladies rose .to retire, Francine was, socially speak- .- ??.''.'?, ing, the heroine of the evening. ? ? ' ? :' While the violins were in course of exhi- - - - bition Mirabel found an opportunity of ? . ' ' - speaking to Emily unobserved. ... 'Have you said or done anything to offend - ' '. ? ? ?' : Miss de Sor ?' he asked. ; ' Nothing whatever 1' Emily declared, . ' * '. '', startled by the question. ' What makes you. ; ? . .'. think I have off ended her ?' 'I have been trying to find a reason for the change in her,' Mirabel answered, 'especially ; the change towards yourself.' ?'??'- 'Well?' ' Well, she means mischief.' 'Mischief of what sort?' ' 'Of a sort which may expose her to dis- . ; covery, unless she disarms suspicion at the out- . . set. That is, as I believe, exactly what she has ? been doing this evening. I needn't warn you, ? to be on your guard.' All the next day Emily was on the watch . for events, and nothing happened. Not the slightest appearance of jealousy betrayed itself in Francine. She made no attempt to attract to herself the attentions of Mirabel, and she showed no hostility to Emily either by word, look, or manner. The day after an event occurred at Nether woods. Alban Morris received an anonymous letter addressed to him in these terms : — - ' . ' A certain young lady in whom you are supposed to be interested is forgettinjr yon in your absence. If you are not mean enough to allow yourself to be ' '? supplanted by another man, join the party at Monks moor before it is too late.' '? Chapter XLIL — Cooking. The day after the political meeting was a ? day of departures at the pleasant country house. Miss Darnaway was recalled to the nursery at home. The old squire who did justice to . Mr. Wyvil's port wine went away next, having guests to entertain at his own house. A far more serious loss followed. The three ' . . dancing men had engagements which drew '? them to new spheres of activity in other draw ing-rooms. They said, with the same dreary grace of manner, 'Very sorry to go.' They drove to the railway, arrayed in the same per fect travelling suits of neutral tint, and they '. had but one difference of opinion among them ? — each firmly believed thathe was smoking the best cigar to be got in London. ryie morning after these departures would haw been a dull morning indeed but for the presence of MirabeL When breakfast was over the invalid Miss Julia established herself on a sofa with a noveL Her father retired to the other end of the house and profaned the art of music on music's most expressive instrument. Left with Emily, Cecilia, and Francine Mirabel made one of his happy suggestions. 'We are thrown on our own resources,' he 6aid. 'Let us distinguish ourselves by inventing some entirely new amusement for the day. You young ladies shall sit in council, and I will be secretary,' He turned to Cecilia. ' The meeting waits to hear the mistress of the house.' Modest Cecilia appealed to her school friends for help, addressing herself in the first instance (by the secretary's advice) to Francine as the eldest. They all noticed another change in this variable young per son. She was silent and subdued, and she said wearily, ' I don't care what we do — shall we go out riding T The unanswerable objection to riding as a form of amusement was that it had been more than once tried already. Something clever and surprising was anticipated from Emily when it came to her turn. She, too, disappointed expectation. 'Let us sit under the trees,' was all that she could suggest, 'and ask Mr. Mirabel to tell us a. story.' Mirabel laid down his pen and took it on himself to reject this proposaL 'Remember,' he remonstrated, ' that I have an interest in the diversions of the day. You can't expect me to be amused by my own story. I appeal to Miss Wyvil to invent a pleasure which will include the secretary.' Cecilia blushed and looked uneasy. 'I think I have got an idea,' she announced, after some hesitation. ' May I propose that we all go to the keeper's lodge ?' There her courage failed her, and she hesitated again. Mirabel gravely registered the proposal, as far as it went. ' What are we to do when we get to the keeper's lodge ?' he enquired. 'We are to ask the keeper's wife,' Cecilia proceeded, 'to lend us her kitchen.' 'To lend us her kitchen!' Mirabel re peated. 'And what are we to do in the ; kitchen!' Cecilia looked down bashfully at her pretty hands crossed on her hip, and answered softly— - ' Cook our own luncheon. . Here was an entirely new amusement in the most attractive sense of the words ! Here was. . * - charming Cecilia's interest in the pleasures of the table so happily inspired that the grateful meeting offered its tribute of applause, even including Francine. The .members^ ot the : council were young; tjie.ir daring digestion* ? 1CA Contemplated without fear the project of toting their own amateur cookery. The one question that troubled ftein now was what they were to cook. . . ' I can make an omelette, Cecilia ventured to say. 'If there is anv cold chicken to be had,' Emily added, 'I undertake to follow the omelette with a mayonnaise.' ' There are clergymen in the Church of England who are even clever enough to fry potatoes,' Mirabel announced, ' and X am one of them* What shall we have next? A pudding ?r Miss de Sox-, can you make a pudding?3 Franeine -exhibited another new side to her character — a diffident and humble side. ' I am ashamed to say I don't know how to cook anything,' she confessed. ' You had better leave me out of it.' But Cecilia was now in her element. Her plan of operations was wide enough even to include 1'rancine. ' You shall wash the lettuce, my dear, and stone the olives for Emily's mayonnaise. Don't be discouraged ! You shall have a companion ; we will send to the rectory for Miss Plym — the very person to chop parsley and shallot for my omelette. Oh, Emily, what a morning we are going to have !' Her lovely blue eyes sparkled with joy. She gave Emily a kiss which Mirabel must have Ijeen more or less than man not to have coveted. ' I declare,' cried Cecilia, completely losing her head, ' I'm so excited I don't know what to do with myself.' Emily's intimate knowledge of her friend applied the right remedy. ' You don't know what to do with yourself?' she repeated. *' Have you no sense of duty? Give the cook your orders.' Cecilia instantly recovered her presence of mind. She sat down at the writing-table and made out a list of eatable productions in the animal and vegetable world in which every other word was underlined two or three times over. Her serious face was a sight to see -when she rang for the cook, and the two held a privy council in a corner. On the way to the keeper's lodge the young mistress of the house headed a proces sion of servants carrying the raw materials. Franeine followed, held in custody by Miss - Plym, who took her responsibilities seriously, and clamored for instruction in the art of chopping parsley. -Mirabel and Emily were together; far behind; they 'were the only two members of the company whose minds were not occupied in one way or another by the kitchen. . 'This child's play of ours doesn't seem to interest you,' Mirabel remarked, v 'I am thinking,' Emily answered, 'of what you said to me about ITrancine.' 'lean say something more,' he rejoined.' *' When I noticed the change in her at dinner, I told you she meant mischief. There is another change- to-day, which suggests to my mind that the mischief is done.' 'And directed against met' Emily asked. Mirabel made no direct reply. It was im possible Cor him to remind her that she had, no matter how innocently, exposed herself to the jealous hatred of Franeine. ' Time will tell us what we don't know now,3' he replied, evasively. 'You seem to have faith in time, Mr. Mirabel.' ' The greatest faith. Time is the inveterate enemy of deceit. Sooner or later, every hidden thingis a thing doomed to discovery.' ' Without exception V 'Yes,' he answered, positively; 'without exception.' At that moment Franeine stopped and looked back at them. Did she think that Emily and Mirabel had been talking together long enough? Miss PJym, with the parsley still on her. mind, .advanced to consult Emily's experience. The two walked on together, leaving -Mirabel to overtake ? Franeine. He saw inner first look at him the effort that it cost her to suppress those emotions which the pride «f women is most deeply interested m conceal ing. Before a word had -passed he regretted that Emily bad left them together. 'I wish I had your cheerful disposition,' she began .abruptly. 'I am out of spirits, or out of temper — I don't know whim, and I don't knowTPhy. Do you ever trouble your . self with thinking of the future?'' ' As seldom as possible, . Miss de Son In such a situation as mine, most people have prospects'— I iave none.' He spoke gravely, conscious of not feeling at ease on his side. If he .had been the most modest man that ever lived, he must have seen in Francine'is face that she loved V»m_ When they iiad first been presented to each other she was still under the influence of the meanest instincts in her scheming and selfish mature. She had thought to herself, ' With my money to help him, that man's celebrity would do the rest ; the best society in England -would be glad to receive Mirabel's wife. As ihe days passed, strong feeling had taken the place of those contemptible aspirations; Mira bel had unconsciously inspired the one passion which was powerful enough to master Franeine \- — sensual passion. Wild hopes rioted in her. Measureless desires which she had never felt before united themselves with capacities for wickedness which had been the horrid growth of a few nights — capacities which suggested «yen viler attempts to rid herself of a, supposed rivalry than slandering Emily by means of an anonymous letter. Without waiting for it to be offered she took Mirabel's arm and pressed it to her breast as they slowly walked on. The fear of discovery which had- troubled her after she had sent her base letter to the post vanished at that inspiriting- moment. She bent her head near enough to him when he spoke to feel his breath on her face. . ' There is a strange similarity,' she said, softly, ' between your position and mine. Is there anything cheering in my prospects? I am far .away from home — my father and mother wouldn't care if they never saw me again. People talk about my money ! What is the use of money to such a lonely wretch as lam? Suppose I write to 'London, and ask the lawyer, if I may give it all away to some deserving person ? Why not to you 2' ' My dear Miss de Sor ? ' 'Is there anything wrong, Mr. Mirabel, in wishing that I could make you a prosperous man?' ' You must not even talk of such a thing !' 'How proud you are!' she said, sub missively. __ ' Oh, I can't bear to think of you in that ^miserable village — a position so un worthy of;yotiir-%Alejits and your claims ! ' And you tell me Lnuist not talk about it. Would you have .-'said that to Emily if she was as anxious as I am to see you in your right place in the world ?' ' I should have answered her exaet'y as I have answered you.' She will never embarass you Mr. Mirabel, by beingas sincere as I am. Emily can keep ler own secrets.1' . . j 'Is she to blame for that?' i ' It depends on your feelings for her.' ! ' What feelings do you mean?' ' Suppose you heard she was engaged to be married?' Franeine suggested. Mirabel's majmer— studiously cold and for mal thus-far— altered on -a sudden. He looked with unconcealed anxiety at Franeine. ' Do you eay that seriously ?' he asked. 'I said 'suppose.' I don't exactly know that she is engaged. ' ' What do youknow?' 'Oh, how interested you are in Emily* She is admired by some people. Are you oae of them V Mirabel's experience of women warned h™ to try silence as a means of provoking her into speaking plainly. The experiment succeeded. Jfrancine returned to the question that he had put to her, and abruptly answered it. 'You may believe me or not, as you like — I know of a man who is in Love with her. He has had bis . opportunities, and he has made good use of them. Would you like to know who he is?' ' I should -like to know anything which you -may wish to tdlme.' He did his best to ? make the reply- in a tone of common-place politeness — and he might have succeeded in deceiving a asan. The woman's quicker ear told her that he was angry. Franeine took the full advantage of that change in her favor. ? 'I am afraid your good opinion of Emily : will be shaken,' she quietly resumed, 'when I tell you that she has encouraged a man who is only drawing-master at a school. At the same time, a person in her circumstances — I mean she has no money — ought not to be very iiard to please. Of cnvrse she has never spoken to youof Mr. Albaa' Morris?' '? ' Kot that I remember.1' Only four words — but they satisfied Fran cine. The one thing wanting to complete the obstacle which she had now placed in Emily's way was that Alban Morris should enter on the scene. He might hesitate ; but if he was really fend of Emily the anonymous letter would sooner or later bring him to Mdnksmoor. In the meantime her object was gained. She dropped Mirabel's aim. ' Here is the lodge,' she said gaily—' I ' declare Cecilia has got an. apron on already ! ; Come and cook.''' I (To be continued,.) ! «p ? 