SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB SPRING MEETING. THE METROPOLITAN STAKES DAY. . Patron: His Excellency the Right Honorable Lord Augustus Loftus, G.C.B. Committee : Hon. James White, chairman; Mr. W. B. Walford, treasurer; Hon. Henry. Dangar, Mr. F. W. Hill, Mr. J, W. Johnson, Mr. S. A. Stephen, Mr. F. C. Griffiths, Mr. W.U. Hall, Mr. J. de V. Lamb, Mr. J. A. Scarr, Mr. Andrew Town. Judge: Mr. A. Town. Handicapper : Air. J.A Scan'.' Starter: Mr. W. Gannon. Timekeeper: Mr. T. M. Alcock, Clerk of the course : Mr. James Ashvyor-. Secretary : Mr. T. S. Clibborn. The happily-inaugumtc(J Spring Meeting of the Australian Jockey Club was continued yesterday, in the great Metropolitan Stakes Day, which constitutes a very fitting 'I first not " to follow the Derby Day overture. Although not a half day, like Saturday, the public regarded it as very much more of a whole day. than the Saturday. Cor mainly there was a larger proper tion of visitors in the more expensive divisions of the ground ; but could not Bro A. J. C. give more consideration to the interests of their lower-priced patrons? But, after all, when once the course is in view there is but one idea, and the flat and St. Leger and grand stands mutually shared in that idea yesterday with the kindred sympathy of a natural impulse. All over the scene were indications to the ear and the eye of a jubilant light-hearted enjoyment, and the excitement of the moment was allowed full play. There were noise and movement in every direction, but particularly among those men of enterprise who assemble in the saddling-paddock and attract around, them a busy crowd, which, after circling round the horses in the process of dressing, or discussing the board and booking wagers, comes surging round the end of the grand stand, and spreads itself out on the terrace and lawns. The grand stand itself hold a large gathering, and there feminine beauty was most tastefully set off by a charming variety of dresses of many tints, among which various rich hues of green had a prominent place. The ladies, however, are not seen to the best advantage under present circumstances, and the attractive element of their presence at such meetings cannot be fully realised without a more extended promenade. When the now grand stand is finished, the walk on the lawn will be more attractive, and possibly the committee of the club may see fit to devise some improvements in the shape of parterres, fountains, and ornamental flower cases, with perhaps some garden seats. But the now building itself is not apparently getting on towards completion at a satisfactory rate, and it is to be hoped that an effort will be made to ensure its being Bt for occupation before the next meeting is hold. Of the patrons of the stand enclosure there was a broadly representative assemblage. The Governor's box contained a party representing vice-royalty, and the army " was well supported, and" Contingent" officers were present in considerable force. Law and Medicine each had their scions there, and there were hundreds of well-known men about town of other professions. Perhaps the best represented institution, as far as numbers were concerned, was the Parliament, for on Friday night the Assembly had adjourned to an hour on Tuesday evening which left the day clear for Randwick. Along at the St. Leger enclosure there was a dense crowd of the thoroughgoing and earnest type of racing patrons, who see everything and do a good deal of hard work in seeing it, while across the course there was the black line of onlookers behind the white pickets, with a string of miscellaneous vehicles as a background to the whole group. Among these the showmen had firmly established themselves, and by the tone of their loud talking made out that they were doing a good trade, but it was to be observed that the talking was out of proportion to the work done. Talking out of proportion to the work done ! That idea is familiar, Surely; perhaps was owing to the presence of so many members of Parliament. The road had a fair share of the patronage, and there was also a large proportion of pedestrians. Owing to the heat of the morning, the road was a little dusty, and those who went out by that means were about the least comfortably situated of all. As for the trams, everything went well in that department, and the stream of foot passengers trudging along the plantation had good ground under foot, although now and then one might be seen reduced to a condition in which he found it convenient to take off his coat and march along with it over his arm, Early in the morning some rain fell, and during the forenoon the sky bore a threatening aspect, but shortly after noon the air cleared, and the day promised to be pretty sultry, and it was so for a short time But just after lunch a cool breeze set in, and the clouds piled up again he though there was to be a break up This continued till the meeting was over, and the first of the returning visitors had just reached town when a light shower fell Altogether the weather was less favourable than that of the two previous days of the meeting, but the good thing about it was that it did not break up and spoil the day The effect of the boat on the course was perceptible for, with all the care and attention bestowed on it, the track was hard and parched looking there was one feature in the course, however, that should not have appeared, namely, a number of large pieces of paper 116 ing about on the main attract on the entrance to the straight, about the worst place for such a thing to happen Among the arrangements for the convenience of the public there was a hitch, about which some complaints were made, in the want of sufficient provision at the grand stand gate for the sale of tickets The engine posting of the state were in the Selling Race was also the subject of criticism, as it caused considerable confusion among backers Otherwise the efforts of the committee to make everyone comfortable were satisfactory, and individually the officials of the club showed every desire and able to carry out their respective functions creditably to themselves Bird agreeably to the public The 1 md of the Permanent Artillery played through a programme in their usual style, they might have been better employed in the performance of a few more attractive numbers At lunch time the resources of the Compagnoni establishment's kitchens provided a satisfactory table within doors, while many enjoyed their repast in the open air The six events in the programme, all flat races, proved excellent sport A field of lb well-conditioned horses came out for the Metropolitan, and Acolvto not very unexpectedly carried off the stakes in a close tussle with Lord Exeter, Brown and Rose coming third Despot had a good place in this race at the entrance to the sit right, where he unfortunately fell Kathleen broke away before the start and went twice round the course, and then halfway back again The boy rode the better very pluckily, and stuck to the headstrong animal in a style that did him credit Thirteen horses cruelly finished the race in the Squatters' Handicap eleven horses took the field and the start was effected by Ali Pa} ten's contrivance in a manner which elicited hearty applause We understand that on Sunday last some person or persons opened the gate leading on to the tan gallop and worked their horses he A J B committee have offered a reward of £50 for Information that will lead to a conviction A more than useful field went to the post for the Shorts, for which at first Morceau was most in demand, but Tuir Ellen came into the market with such force before starting that at the last she left the paddock first fine ounce Air Gannon despatched them to a beautiful start, and that smart young horseman Kelso, getting Wanda going on the instant, made all the running, and landed her a clever winner from the favourite, who was rather late in putting in her claim, but showed Wonderful improvement on her Epsom Handicap running on the first day The vt"-f/>ilt had no difficulty in carrying nlBlOlb penalty and Easily beating, ,. _ ,, , i 5 _ the Maiden Plate The comfortable field of 16 With weighed out for the Great Metropolitan Stakes, but Kathleen breaking away at the post did about two miles on her own account, and the word was given to a splendid star without her. Prince Imperial, who was first favourite at the last, attempted to cut his field down but the effort destroyed whatever chance he may have had, and running himself to a standstill at the distance, he was just beaten for fourth place by Honeydew, who can be made much better in point of condition Despot looked fit enough to run for a kingdom and was well supported in the paddock at 4 to 1, but his extraordinary ill fortune still adhered to him and, when full of running, and in the nice position of third place, he fell but fortunately without injuring either Ellis or himself Lord Exeter cut down Honeydew and Pi mee Imps ml at the distance, and looked very like winning easily Saunders, who had been with- ing patiently, brought Acolyte with a well timed run and landed him a clever winner, while Brown and Rose, coming home at a great pace, was only beaten by a long neck for second money It is worthy of note that the three placed horses were trained at places other than Randwick Acolyte finished his preparation, which had been commenced in Victoria, at the Hawkesbury and Lord Exeter and Brown and Rose were trained at Liverpool Ibewmnei savory but rather common-looking brown by the celebrated Newminster from Nightingale by Toitos from Approbation (imp) by Wild Huntsman, c The following is a list of his performances At 2 years Caster ton Won Juvenile Stakes, 5 fur longs, 8st 10lb ( 1 minute 7 seconds, St Helene, 8st 7lb , second, Untas, fast 10lb third Gambierton Won Flying Handicap, 7st. 8lb , Little Nell, 8st 5lb , second, King's Messenger, 7st 2lb , third, won Free Handicap, Lav Hesse, second At 3 } con s Caulfield Spring Nowhere in Toorak Handicap, 1 mile, 6st 111, won by Precious Stone, 7st 2lb Elsternwick December Won Park Handicap, 1 mile H furlongs Gst, 2 minutes 40 seconds, Darrell, 8st 10lb second, Josephine, ' 7st, third Victorian Club Meeting Nowhere in Book - makers' Purse, 7 furlongs, Get 10lb , won by Mozart, 8st 5lb Elsternwick, January) , Won Park Handicap, 1 mile 12 furlongs, 7st 2lb 2 minutes 21 seconds, Impulse, 7st , second, Umberto, 8st 2lb , third "Geelong Summer Won Grand Stand Stakes, 18 mileS, Gst 111 , 2 minutes It seconds, Colstoun, Oats 2lb. second, The lemon, Let. Jib, third ; won Geelong Handicap, is gallop, 6st. 8lb., 2 minutes 42 seconds, Bond Or, 7st., second, The Athenian, 6st., third. Flemington Autumn : Nowhere in Australian Cup, 2 miles, 6st. 1916., won-by Ringwood, 7st. 13lb.; nowhere in Autumn Handicap, 1 mile 5 furlongs, 7st. 7lb, won by Blink Bonny, 8st. 7lb. Randwick Autumn : Nowhere in Sydney Cup, 2 miles, 7st., won by Normanby, 6st. 10lb. At 4 years-Won the Great Metropolitan Stakes,. 2 miles, with 7st., in 3 minutes Bli- seconds, beating Lord Exeter, 4 years, 6st. 8lb. ; Brown and Rose, . > years, 7st., and twelve others. He is the property of Mr. A. Halinbourg, of Victoria, and was trained by T. Coffey, who obtained a great line as to his prospects through the writing of The Broker in the Hawkesbury Handicap, It is understood that a loading firm of bookmakers have landed a rich stake by his victory. Lord Exeter is by Julian Avenel from Train, by Yattendon from Q. E. D. (imp.) by Blair Athol and the gallant little Brown and Rose who fought such a bitter battle for second place, is by Somnus from The Giggler, by Barbarian from The Fly, by Yelverton from Blossom, by The Swede fro in Violet, by Gratis from Camilla, by Bay Comer ton from Betty by Hector. She was trained by Mr. William Forrester, of Warwick Farm, and Lord Exeter was prepared by Tom Brown on Mr. W. A. Long's private training track near Liverpool. Every one regretted the ill fortune which has followed the Hon." James White and his trainer Fennelly with Despot, who was in a good place and running a great race when he fell. The Selling Pinto went to Princess of Lorne, and Uralla had no difficulty in sail- ing home before her stable companion Percussion for the first Oaks that has ever been run at Randwick. Considerable comment was made about the scratching of Desmond for the Squatters' Handicap, and Oakleigh, who was made favourite, quite contradicted his previous form by never showing prominently at any part. Oatcake, a handsome chestnut, imported by Mr. W. Kite, of Bathurst, made nearly all the running, with Cracknell in the saddle, and won easily. The following is an account of the racing : THE SHORTS, a handicap of 100 sovs. For three years old and upwards. Three-quarters of a mile, Mr W. Kelso's ch m Wanda, by G randmnstor- Oulda 5 years, 8st. 8lb. (Kelso) 3 Mr. E. Charles's b in Fair Ellen, 4 years, by Gomm! di Vergy Helen McGregor, Jet. 4lb. (Sanders) ."..3 Mr. E. M'Carty'6 br m Morceau, by Maribyrnong-Scraps, 2 years, "stills. (Robertson) 3 Mr. J. Monaghan na eh h Espiegle, 4 years, 8st. 3lb. (O'Brien) 0 Mr. H. Herbert's ch g Sir Garnet, aged, 7st. 12 lb. (Ennis) ... 0 Mr. R. M'Lennan's ch g Hocrult, 0 years, 7st. 10lb. (O'Neil) ... 0 Mr. Northern's br c Keith, 3 years?, "7st. 4lb. (English). 0 Messrs. W. and J. Lee's b c Courtier, 3 years, 7st. (Cracknell) 0 Hon. J. White's ch o Hexham, 3 years, 7st. (M'Auliffe) ... 0 Mr. T. Lamond's ch c Phaon, 3 years, Cat. 7lb. (Ililey).0 Mr. T. H. Smith's b f Lamia, 3 years, 6st. 5lb. Evans) .., 0 Mr. J. Pyke's cb h Golflnnrter, 4 years, 9st. 3lb. (M'Dowall) ... 0 Mr. J, L. Brown's b m Osprey, 4 years, 6st. 8lb. (Oonnan) 0 Betting: 3 to 1 v, Fair Ellen, 5 to 1 each v. Morceau and Wanda, 8 to 1 v. Recruit, 10 to 25 to by any other. A capital start was soon effected, and Wanda and Espiegle were the first to get on their legs. Forcing the pace, Wanda led Courtier a length up the hill, in and out of the dip, and to the trainer's stand, when the Bathurst colt got on terms, and the pair raced round the bend, closely followed by Morceau and Recruit, who wore clear of Fair Ellen at the head of a well-backed luck. Courtier died out after entering the straight, and Morceau made a great effort to catch Wanda, while Fair Ellen, leaving the others, caught Morceau when 20 lengths from home, but Kelso kept Wanda going, and she won a cleverly' ridden race by nearly three-quarters of a length from Fair Ellen, who beat Morceau by a head for second place. Phaon and Goldfinder were scarcely' half a length off, and then came Osprey, with the others on good terms, and Sir Garnet last. Time, 1 minute 16 seconds. The Spring Maiden Stakes, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, one forfeit, with 150 sovs. added. Second horse 20 sovs. from the prize. One mile and a half. Hon. J. White's bro- Nordenfeldt, by Musket Onyx, 3 years, 8st. 5lb., including 10lb. penalty (Hales Mr. S. Gardener's br f Mugnifler, by Angler Microscope, 3 years. 7s 41. (Nicholson) 2 Mr. H. Herbert's be of lion Accord, by Goldsbrough Merry Thought, 3 years, 7st. 61, (O'TJricii).3 Mr. D. Lawson's g c Sir James, 3 years, 7st. 61. (Waddell) 0 Betting : 5 to 1 on Nordenfeldt. Nordenfeldt made the pace all the way, and won easily at the end by two lengths from Magnifier. Bon Accord was 10 lengths away, and boat Sir James by two lengths for third place. Time, 2 minutes 44 seconds. The Ghost METnoroLiTAN Stakes, a handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, h. ft., or 6 sovs. if declared, with 500 sovs. added ; second, horse, 100 sovs. and third horse 20 sovs. from the prize. Two miles. Mr, H. Ilalinbonrg's br h Acolyte, by Newminster Nightin- gale, 4 years, 7st. (Sanders) ... ' 1 Mr. W. H. Hall's ch h Lord Exeter, by Julian Avenel Tiara, 4 years, 6st. 61. (Nicholson) 2 Mr. A. F. Smart's ch m Brown and Hose, by Somnus- - Giggler, 4 years, 7st. (Gough's Mr, C, J. Brackenreg's by 11 Tom Brown, 5 years, 8st. 10lb. (M'Grade) 0 Mr. J). M. Robertson's b li Moonshee, 4 years, 8st. (Jas. (Gallagher).-. 0 Mr. James Chambers' his Honeydew, 4 years, 7st. 3lb. (Hales) 0 Mr. J. Wilson's, jun., b h Silver King, 4 years, 7st. 8lb. (Moore) a Hon J White's g h Despot (6 years, 7st Gib (Ellis) left Air Mr House's jim ch h AAlng 6 years 7st 4lb (O'Brien) 0 Air D Cameron n3 eh m Toora 5 years 6st 10lb (M'Auliffe) 0 Mr li Koys'bhLordofthoLuke aged. 8st 10lb (English) 0 Mr W Cooper's ch m Happy bought, 6 years, 9st 8lb (ISorriclei) 0 Air Arm Kite's br m Kathleen 4 years, 6st 8lb (Fielder) Retired. Mr J Monaghan ns b f Across, 3 years 6st 8lb (Harris) 0 Mr John Mayo's ch is Prince Imperial, 4 years, 8st 3lb (including 7lb penalty) (A Grade) 0 Mr James McDonald s ch g Recruit, 6 years 6st 2lb (Doolan) 0 Betting 100 to 30 v Prince Imperial. 100 to 26 v Despot, 100 to 16 v Acolyte, 100 to 12 each v Lord Exeter and Honeydew, 100 to 8 v Wing, 100 to 0 v Silver King, 100 to 5 to 100 to 4 v any other Considerable delay was caused by Kathleenoverpowenng Tender and bolting, and the flag went down without her to a good start Ihofitstto show were Prince Imperial and Brown and Rose, while Lord of the Lake was very slow on his legs The favourite led up the hill closely waited upon by Brown and Rose, Honeydew, 'Isttooa, Recruit, and Wing, while of the others Happy Thought and Acolyte showed most prominently Recruit yy sent up second at the half mile post, and very little alteration took place in the positions of leaders as they loinidodtho Denison turn for the first time Still forcing the pace, Price Impel to! led Recent half a-length past the Stand, Happy Thought, Silver King, and Honeydew almost on terms next, and immediately in their wake came Despot, Astirea, Copra, and Acolyte, with the others well together, and whipped in by Lord of the Like After crossing the tan turn the pace began to grow more solid, and Prince Imperial had a length advantage of Recruit- when Cutts' was passed, and next to them, at scarcely an interval of a length, succeeded Happy Thought, Honeydew, and Lord Exeter, who was attended by Brown and Rose and Despot At the beginning of the back stretch Recruit reached Prince imperial's shoulder, and, Silver King making an ear y run, w worked his w at into third place, and just showed a head in front of honeydew, who was hardly clear of Despot, Lord Exeter, and Acolyte After topping the hill the pace told on Recruit, and he cried enough leaving Prince Imperial with a clear advantage of a length of Honeydew, and, Silver King melting away, Wing, Despot, and Acolyte went on after Honeydew The last-named then joined the favourite, and the pmriacedround the bond at a wonderful pace attended by Despot, Acolyte, and AA ing Here both Prince Impel ml and Honeydew appeared to be hung, and a little further on Wing got into difficulties, while Lord Exeter, Acolyte, and Brown and Rose began to make their way to the front Just as they made the home turn, Despot who was going very strongly in the wake of Prince Imperial and Honey, dow, tripped and fell, and so lost what looked very like a winning chance At the distance Honeydew appeared to have an advantage, but 10 strides further on both he and Prince Imperial were passed by Lord Exeter, who settled down to come home at a great pace, but A call to came out at the St Leger Stand, and, outpacing the son of Julian Avenel beat him home dev city by a length, white Brown and Rose, finishing with unflinching _.- by it for fourth place, and after them came Tom Brown, Wing, Moonshee, Silver King, Happy Thought, Recruit, Copra, Lord of the Lake, and Astrcea Time, 3 minutes 34 'lTio°following is a politan Stakes, 2 miles -Mr " - sent Metro or 18G( no TRIPS ison Horse Events 1 Whiffler dollars Circassian 18 Croydon IS 1 Rosebud 182 Ungvioitb. 18 SiHomtio 1874'stciluiß; 18 Goldston' 187GNeinesis 1877 Amendment 186 Democratic secundus 1880, The Pontiff 1881 IIospcil in 1882 Masqucrndo l8S3iriiot,em ItuMSit Afochcd lS85lycolito Pedigree Sir Hercules-Afarchioncsss New A amor Cinderella Sir Hercules g Gulnare Chevalier-Chalice out of the Hills-lloquicm S Heieules-d by Marquis A attention-Ivutcut Mai the monotony of Denmark A attendon-bult ma Iirewoiks-Sihiu Knt of the Garter Nuncia Angler-Proposition Gemma de Vergy -Srlverhalr Kelpie Robe The Drummer The Hun Yiittendon-Jessu Bell Drummer-Kunipiu" Girl Kelpie lela Itiidueei-Idnlii N owinliistci-\ lttlitint,alo at Mt I Time 142 1 38 3 40 3 37 3 40 '3 4 "5 43 3 46, 3-85 8.10 '3 to 3 JOJ IS 82 1-5 1 33 8.10 3-35 3.10 1 34 3 36 8.10 '3 31 C 16 3-33 4-10 3 38 3 38? 3 34 '3 311 5,8 7 at 10 ii, 0 . Including 7lb penalty The prices Plate of 100 Sovs for three-year-olds and now aids the w money to be sold for 125 1 mile Ah 1 II White b b m Princess of Lorne £25 aged, by Cap tiritoi-Punces« Louise (st 121 (Al Auhffo) Mr 1 Peter s h m Tristan, 2, i years, by licugny-Anel, Ost dab (ljisUsh) 2 Air 1 A sons of e Fernside £25, 3 years, by Chandos Athollnc 9st lb (Hargraves) 3 Air b fielder's bl li San Jose 6 years 7st 3lb (Nerrlcker) 0 Mr 1 Dykes all of Claudine, £25, 0 years, 6st 121 (Nichol son) 0 Air At Robertson s b g Lifeboat, 753 years, 6st 111 (Altino) 0 Betting 2 to 1 y Alista, 5 to 2 a Princess of Lorne 3 to 1 v Claudine , 5 to 7 v 1 any other Anita and 1 inside made the running until the entrance to the straight, when Princess of Lorne run to the front, and won comfortably by a length from Arista and Fern side, who wciedividodby half a length, and two lengths off came Lifeboat and Claudine No time taken Tub A J C Oaks, a sweepstakes of 20 sovs each, 5 ft, with 300 Sovs added for three year old fillies, fast 5lb. the owner of the second horse to receive SO sovs. from the prize, and the owner of the third to save his stake. 12 mile. lion-tamer White's b or br f Uralla, by Chester Moonstone (imp.) (nales) ., v. Hon. James White's h fl'creussiou, by Musket (imp.) Sister Agnes (imp.) (Ellis) .,., 2 There was not any betting, and Uralla, going to the front at once, 'led all the way, and won very easily by two lengths.' Time, 2 minutes 59 seconds. The Squatters' Handicap, a handicap sweepstake of 5 sovs. each, 5ft., with ISO sovs. added ; second horse 25 sovs. from the prize. 14; mile. Mr. Thomas To ve as of h Oatcake (Imp.), 4 years, by Wild Oats, 8st. 10lb. (Cracknell) .... 1 Mr. A. E. Cantwell's ch m Folly, 4 years, by Grandmaster" SwootllpB, 7st. 12 lb. (O'Brien)., ... 2 Mr. W. Strickland's b h Ben Bolt, 4 years. by Newbold Lady Baldwin, 7st. 2lb. (F. Smith). 8 Mr, E. H. Knight's is Rapid, aged, 8st. 7lb. (M'Grade) 0 Mr, J. Mayo's b b llayçnsivprth, 4 years, 8st, Sub, JM'Grath)... 0 Mr. W. Kelso's b m Friendship, 3 years, 7st. 5lb. (Kelso) ... 0 Mr. J. Moore's b o Oakleigh, 3 years, 6st. 10lb. (Bandera) ..'. 0 Mr. S. W. Knight's b or br Dagobert, 4 years, 6st. lQIu. (Harris) .,. -to Mr. M. Thompson as him Cerise and Blue, 4 years, 9st. 5lb, (Fielder) .,.,.0 Mr. K. Yeomans ns b h Palarenda, 5 years, 9st. 8lb. (Milne) ." 0 Mr. T. Lamond's ch c Phaon, 3 years, 6st. (Riley) 0 Betting : 5 to 2 v. Oakleigh, 3 to 1 v. Oatcake, 6 to 1 each v. Ravensworth and Ben Bolt, 6 to 10 to 1 v. any other. The field was sent away to a good start by the " new system," Oakleigh and Dagobert getting off in front ; but as soon as they settled into their strides;, Phaon took up the running, and attended by Dagobert, Palarenda and Oatcake, led to the back of the course, where the last named assumed the command, and making all his own running, won comfortably by a length from Folly, who was about the same distance in front of Ben Bolt, and then followed Cerise and Blue, Ravensworth, Oakleigh, Friendship, Rapid, and Palarenda. Time, 2 minutes 40 seconds. The Rosehill general entry is to close at 4 p.m. to-day. Our Adelaide correspondent telegraphs that Messrs. Tothill, O'Brien, and Bourke left there yesterday with the following horses for Melbourne Affluence, Bis Bis, Ballarat, Brigand, Sardius, Gratitude, Juanna, Richmond, Camellia filly, Lantern, Ruby, Alpha, Trojan, Chester, Narrung, and Fusee. 