O0NCORY BY. MlI.S KIMI3IER'S PUPILS, ON Tuerday evening baet, Miss kimher'e pepile, under the sopervieion of their tencher, favoured thie peblie of Kiasna with another of their musical untertain mernts, in which, ee on a formeir eccasie , they acqoitted themselees meost ererlitahly. Looking at the pregramre one might be led to the congloniori, that the concert wrold be eomewhat monotonots, bht facts now prove that thy entertainment wos hiehly. divernifled, attractive, end, of its kind, one of the grandeot ever placed be' fore the Kiama publio. On entering we were loet in admiration of the bheutiful manner in which the stage, and the huild. ing altogether, were decorated. From the frowning grey walls beamed down pretty little flowere, nurrounded by ferns and other verdure in the Shape of wreath,, &o.;, and the ntage, with its profunion if greun ery and floral decorations, miih here and there a bineselantornunl with the pretty tifigores gaily attired that tlitied to and fro, reminded one of a fairy's howe,. The front seate and gallery wore filled with a meet farhionalbe nudinapes, and the beet of gonii order prevailo I. The IlMayer of I(lama (Cl. Rmoervillo, Peg , ,l. P ) occupiel tihe chair, end in a ehort speec, in whichlhecexhiirted tire audi uthe to behaete is nn orderly Inatloor, opened the prouceediae, The programmse as pubhlished was strictly dlheroed to; andi thle first item in the' entertainmnret was a duet in D, on four pianos, in which Misses Fauny Seymour, lella Smithl, Jane TH[y, Lucy Somorville, \Maria Brown, Mary Ja;le Soyiniur, A. Kiimber and Master Wdllio J.Tme took part. Thel piece was very niely rendered, arnd such'porfect harmony wais maintained, that one might imagine the music proceed ing from one grand instru nert. NIo ' weS the familiarsong " Folly and fashioni" given in chariacter by Miss Ethel Mills, and Master Arthur Mills. Their "getup" was perfectly in accord with the spirit of the song; and the old-fashioned tones and gestures of the youngsters made this item a very enjoyable one. A duet. (for small hands) on four pianos, by Misses Hottio Snowdon, Gertrude Havenatein, Minnie Atkinson. Lizzie Couch. Lilly Mills, and Masters J. M'Nab, Willie James, and Bertie James, came next. The manner in which the little ones nianipulated their re spective instruments was wonderful, and their. performance met with a hearty cheer. The K6Inigaberg polks, performed from memory by the Missies Iillsl and Masters M'Neab and Mills, was nicoly rendered; the performers were all very young, and their performances were greatly admired. No. 6 was a song, "Do it with good will," by Miss Lily Mills aonl Master BJrtie James. They kept tins remarkably well, and the little girl a voice was noted as be ing very sweet. They iwere accompanied on the piano by their teacher (MissKimber). Next came Masters M[ills and MacNab with the patriotic song " Our Army and Navy," which had been amended somowhat to suit the times?. The little fellows-one attired in the oostome of a marine and the other in the red jacket of a soldier-per formed their parta in a masterly style, which called furtlt hearty applause, iudica tive of the appreciation of the audience, anioig whom the asag seemed to astir. up a martial spirit.,- Outr foys in bhlo, they sri birae and. had I Thlore lord eit the ocea waee Ie From top ito too tey sre tlu or lgo" n . Fro theb cradle to the tageo, . n rLaioy lnlorreie les.,'weelie itie eRbht Is ear)' n '" odhey wt oeranr ar uwill eollm i" Thas cpi - tl; whean dy Uit 'gtawo wrong fer bei't v hh 'roey re"ee true blue" one olr ell Our vlolteecrs they Will n esoer floo:; o e .[ i '. m?rli ibefore the eoudnu fo- ; ,' "i ? ? ;" Tioy-~lir rnot i tech cram tie rboao nhb psro - Waiie Driey bei tile rn " :itlin'-. i 7l"i-.," 'tlloynr ue t eerot Lte ills th Mlahle LIo Wen thoe ibllk ao n ordor's irll . :, f... a. -, AIo rootsgof thechtrooir d tias pwerstllat bh "-, Tiiey are Britose one sad eli, ny iad?ol? reen ivde bvi o Lilr ioli r'oud ol or m ler eesbrmY he 0u0 tsoops sn hsati eislthli, th Worl1d commRsld Our JachetCr y rnln tile rayse. A ?ribleiy cleoer r tlen aIo m ell troat h'hhro oer teiae ieroes bolid ne l true i Australia knows sule cot fioth reposa0 it ier Ceos or the red iad blue, Ase the.hya left the stage iwe heard an old veteran 'near us exclaim t That's capi tal " and in those to words we believe lIe repreented thre feelirgof the entire audi crce. The next item on the programme wir a piece entitled Italinstra in Algioeri," performed on four pianos by misses Fatnie arod Maglgie Yrryior, Lily Mills, Lucy Soimerville, Kate Atkirrsos, Jane bey, Ethal Mills oanrd Master James alcNab, A ong-'" The ehfld anrd the stare "--wase very nicely rendercd bmyMisTe Lilly iol bhurooli anid Lilly Mrlaclean, " Dense des Iywaphs," pefornred eonr the piano Iy Misses Jane niy, Lily Matleanl ard A. Killber, wicas gre ttly admired and hilghly appreciatsn. Mrasters Mills and MacNab mainttaired their reputation in the song "eli Messatee," ishirli they got through in splendid style. Dressed in nautical tos tune, their singing and gersticilation were in real " Jack tar" style ; ?rid the udienoce did not forget to' anif~test their apprecia tlon in he?rty applause. Tn the overture which follored lrrm intermission oa five misnutes, two pianros, a taumrboriie, a tri angle, nd air of bhones were brought in-o to applioztiofi Missi Lily M~ills, and Mas ters lames aecNah, Arthur Mills, Willie James, Ber-is James, and James Beatty beig the porformers. The boys appeared in " igger" coistumes, ard created tssnidereble o; merriment. The next piece was Iperformed froin memory, on the pianron, by Mlisses Fanny Fe?,mour5 Lucy namer ville, Katio Atkinson, and Jane tIoy, This prformsr aeano was much appreiatedt aurd te chairman stated at hoe conclusion that the pieeoo. .ai a very difh rultono to cly ;arid tile performere a.dwrsorlcal so shird io commit It ti memsiry, that Miss ISimber lated deci.dr to preseit them with special prisae, whichl he said ihi lied nmunh pleasure iu handing to them,. The "Echo of Luedrne," performed on four pionis by Misaes Maria Lrown, larcy Whittinghim , Mary Jnse eymirtllr, Mionie Atkinsori, Lily Macleao, Ibdlabo Walrker, Ketie Arllinson, and Lily lolbroke, wos a very nice piece, and was very rioily played. "Our home was imu*t.ed,'e a song by Misses Katie Atkiuson, Miinnie Atklissir, and Lilly iaclean, wis well received i the house wias net haunrted by a ghost as was supposed, but-- It was allJ cat" i Mise Seymour aeted os accompanist. The nect item wad s a nog--tlre title of which eonn. ded like " Our cows are in tie owi ns -by Misses Jane Hey, and Lily Matcleorn--; it wars eollroceod. The sreat Globe Qoa drille wcs..qTerleetruo pir-formnico, in which t selve,6[ tae youngsters took a part ; it meot with wrell-meritod applause,. Thie Ist piece oti the programme was '" Black Dianrondr," a coriic sketch by Mactire Beetty, Arthur Mills and J MacoNab ;and the drolleies and eotundrusns of tho little " niggerea " evwed bursts of apploraue from thre udionce, This sas the Ist ithem on mthe prodranlmo, and at thif stage the chairmahn rose to prnseet a nrrurmer of pri- se awarded by Miss Kimtir?r to her pupils. The firvt erilt in thie junior dive sion was p rleand to hleridu Jdlesi , The trst prise in th h neiriir division was a\iardd' to Ethel Millsel tle second to Lily laclean and a varouble spe at price er diligecne to iisre Lily MaLrks. Tho prihee eonsisted Hf valpiuble bootar , hand orieoly biund The playing of tihe Natio nal Anther ons feur pinesro brogt the pro ecedings to a clise ; the r audiece ditedcredc rll well pleaird arid hlid a delightful walic or driveo home i o the bright and stilly night." Miar Kimbor rminly well be congrnatulatred upon the arccrsafnl issire ii the undertak. ing, and upon the proleiosocy her pupils have attained. Her pupils are an iotelli gent lot of young people and their worthy teacher uhas every reason to lie proud of them. But we iust srt give all thie eredit of t f the i to thr, as there is one igentle. mano, whori , although his saie did not p pier vw-ry pro-eiieLtly ie connection with the c,,',lort, nevertheless took a very ective part ii tre arraeereerits: we rfer- to Mr; J. B il.lii, of lbullharbrour, whim worked aeeerilsloe ly ini drilling several of rI?eyloirng eales in their parts; and oith ichntn air.' u:eii if the novel ideha introduced rioiisatih,. 