CUT BY THE BOUNTY. BY M. E. BBADDOK (Author of ' Lady Audlev's Secret,' ' Phamfcom Fortune,' etc.) Chapter V. — 4 As from a Dream of Murdhb.' Grace's shrieks rang throngh the silent house, The wife flung herself on the ground by her husband's side, voiceless, in a dumb agony, clinging to the prostrate form, kissing the pallid face, imploring for a word, a look. He was loosely dressed in troneers and velvet dressing-gown, dressed like a man who had risen hastily at a strange sound, prepared to face a midnight intruder. His wife opened his dressing-gown and laid her ear against his breast. Yes, the heart was beating still, feebly, as it seemed to her, a beat which might dwindle into silence at any moment, a thread of life that might snap while shp listened. Servants came, sleepy, confused, all talking at once. Then Dora Darnel, very delicate and dainty in a flowing white garment with pale pink ribbons ; then the Colonel, in an old red velvet dressing-gown, which made him look like a wfzard. ' For God's sake, let somebody go for the doctor,' said Clare, without lifting her head; then, as Stuhely knelt on the other side 01 his friend's pros' a te fQrm, ' Oh, Colonel, you can help us. xou win snow, is is a dangerous wound ? Does it mean death ?' Not death, no, no. God forbid 1' said the Colonel. 'It is a nasty wound ; terrible loss of blood. The ballet has bit rather low, just below the ribs. What was he doing with that acoursed revolver V 4 1 don't know. They were on the table. He was looking at them an hoar ago, before he went to bed.' 1 Yon don't know ?' said the Colonel, wonderingly. Weren't you in the room when it happened ?' No ; I was in the corridor. I had been in Grace's room.' ' He was alone then V 1 1— I suppose so.' ' Oh, my poor, poor brother !' ejaculated Dora. ( To think that he should have lifted his hand to take away his own life— he, so good a Christian ; he, who nsed to be so happy.' How dare yon say that he tried to take away his own life ?' said Clare, not londly, but with intense indignation. Y»n kpow that he is happy ; that he has never known a care since he has been my husband, ezoept his too thoughtful care for me. Oh, my darliog ! what evil things will not be said of me while your voioe is silent to defend 1' she added, apostrophising her uaoonsoioas hus band with passionate love. 'There will alwayB be a voioe to defend yon — were defence needed — while Allan's friend is at yonr side,' said the Colonel, quietly. Pur few, the old butler, was in the room, kneeling by his master. He too had seen gunshot wounds, and he knew that this was a desperate one. With his help Colonel Stukely could have carried his old friend into the next room and laid him on his bed, but after a murmured consultation they agreed that it was wise m-t to lift him until the surgeon came ; the loss of blood might be intensified by any alteration of position. Lady Darnel brought a pillow for her husband's head. A servant brought some brandy, and the Colonel wet Sir Allan's lips with a little, while Lady Darnel damped his forehead with eau de- cologne ; but there were no signs of returning consciousness. A groom had ridden off for the doctor. They heard the clatter of hoofs ju-t now galloping along the avenue; but let him gallop as he might, it must be more than half an hour before the doctor could arrive. The Colonel and Purdew did all that could be done to staunch the blood, which oozed slowly from Sir Allan's side. It was a terrible half-hour, a half-hour of agony, in whioh every moment might bring the fatal end of their fainting hopes. Clare Darnel crouched npon the ground beside her husband, hanging over him with white lips and despairing eyes, watching his ghaBtly face with a countenance that was almost as death-like. He will die,' she kept saying to herself ; 4 he will die by the hand of my bou. Oh, God I why did I ever link my accursed life with his?' Her mind went back to that other night of murder, the report of the gun ringing sharp in the silence of night, startling her from the heavy slumber of sheer exhaustion — the moment of bewilderment and doubt, then the rush to the window to see what had happeued. The picture of that vanished scene flashed back upon her as she hung over her husband. The moonlit barrack yard — doors opening, lights appearing, dark fignres crossing the quadrangle, and then a figure carried across the yard by four men. Her first thought had been that it was her husband's .figure she saw thus carried — that he had escaped from his room and killed himself. She was to know soon that the calamity was even worse than this. And now came a second tragedy, a dire and horrible deed whioh was perhaps to desolate her life for ever. At last there came the sound of horses' hoofs again, galloping ap the avenue — two horses this time, and sounding in the night silence like six — then the opening of doors below, and then footsteps in the corridor, and the doctor was amidst them, a stout, elderly man, commonplace, but clever, a man to be relied on in calamity. He put them all aside and knelt down on one knee to examine his patient ; and then, without expressing any opinion, he ordered everyone oat of the room except the Colonel ana Pardew. 1 Grace, take care of Lady Darnel,' said the Colonel, and Grace pat her arm ronnd her stepmother and tried to lead her from the room, the girl blinded by her tears, the woman'b eyes dry and burning. She had not yet shed a tear. 4 No, Grace,' Bhe said, 1 1 will not go away. If I must not stay in this room I will wait in the corridor. I will not go far from Allan. ' At the mere mention of her husband's name she burst into a flood of tears, the first relief that had come to her since that first shock of her reprobate son's entrance. It was in vain that Grace pleaded, in vain that Dora lectured. Clare Darnel would not move beyond the outside of the morning room door. She knelt with her ear against the key-hole, knelt there, listening, and praying dumoly new and then, till the doctor came out, after a delay of an hour or more. Will he die?' she asked, seizing the doctor's arm Mr. Danvers, the family doctor, looked grave, and shook bis head. 4 It is a bad case, Lady Darnel.' ' But cot hopeless — oh, for God's sake say it is not hopeless !' We shall have Mr. Fiiedrioeon here to morrow morning,' answered the doctor. He can tell you better than I.' 'And my beloved one may die in the night, before help comes. Let me go to him — let me be with him.' ' No, Lady Darnel, that is impossible. He must be kept very quiet — there must be no one in the room except Purdew and me. I shall stay here all night.' ? Thank God for that ! But it is cruel to keep me away from him. Do yon think I am a child, that i have no self-command?' I think you are a woman, and that yon love your husband. No, Iady Uatnel, you mqst not enter that room till Sir Allan is in a lees precarions state. ¥ou must obpy me in this matter— for his sake. T am going to send one of yoqr men wRfi a message to my wif and then J shall go back to Sir Allah. We shall have a couple of sargioal purges down to.morrow morning,' Clare Darnel wrung her hands in a silent despair. She turned from the doctor and walked quickly to the end of the corridor. Like King David, she turned her faoe to the wall. She felt that there was no comfort — no relief. Her husband was taken away from her — given over to nnrses and surgeons, and she wae told that she mast not enter his room. Her sacred right as his wife was set at nought. Death itself oonld not have robbed her more utterly of his presence. To sit beside his bed, to watoh the oranges in his face, to listen to every breath — there would have been comfort in this. But she was to have no comfort. She stood leaning against the moulding of the window frame at the end of the corridor wfth her face to the wall, ' My son, my son,' she repeated to herself. I ought never to have married that good man. I was selfish, wicked, blind to link my miserable lot with his. I am the cause of his death.' Grace came from her room, where she had been sitting with her aunt, who had established herself there uninvited, to be nearer poor Allan.' ' Dear mother, come to my room ; come and lie down on my bed,' pleaded Grace, and the word mother sounded sweet in Clare Darnel's ears, even in the midst of her despair. The girl's tenderness recalled that revelation of Valentine's. ' No, my darling, your life shall not be blighted,' she sobbed, drawing Grace to her breast. 'Yon shall not be sacrificed to worthlessness and profligacy.' The strange speech startled Grace. What conid it mean ? Could Lady Darnel know or snspeot anything about her luckless lover — the man she had seen on the common that morning ? She succeeded in getting Lady Darnel to her room, where Dora was Bitting piously before an open testament reading the history of St. Paul's shipwreck, and how the viper eame out of the fire and hung npon his arm. It conid hardly be particularly comforting in such a moment, but Dora fled to her Bible in calamity as a duty. She did not even wait for calmness and order around her, hut sat down in the midst of chaos and read the first chapter that came to hand,' in a thoroughly business-like way. By this means Bhe had acquired a stupendous battery of texts, with which she was always ready to open fire in argument or warning, In Dora's mind, even the viper that eame ont of the fire was not altogether inapplicable to the present state of affairs. ' My poor brother has had a riper hanging npon him,' she said to herself. I knew that misery wonld come out of that marriage, but I did not think that it would take the ferm of bloodshed.' Lady Darnel oousented to lie down on a sofa wheeled near the fire, to please Graee rather than from any hope of relief to be obtained from repose. A rug was spread over her, and Bhe lay client, with eyes closed. The other two women might soppose she was sleeping. 'Had you not better go to your own room, Aunt Dora 2' said Grace, a little worried by the sight of that calm white-robed figure and the open Bible. Grace was firm in religious faith and reverence for the Scriptnres, but she could not seat herself down to read the Acts of the Apostles with folded hands in the midst of a domestic convulsion. 1 It is nearly to o'clock, Aunt D,ora. Do go to your own room,' she said, hardly oon- oealing her irritation. 4 No, Graoe. I like to be near AJlan- My own room is at the other end of the house. I hope I am not in your way here.' ' Np.t at all, ' said Grace, shortly ; and then she got up and went out to the corridor and listened at her father's door. Not a sound. But he migt die, and she would hear no more than she heard now. It was all so ad, bo inexplicable. Her father at death's door — he who had kissed her and bade her good night iu his cheeriest voice only a few hours ago. How had it happened ? She had hardly been calm enough even to wonder about it until now ; bus now she began to ask herself how this tragedy had come to pass. - Gould it be the result of aceident ? Her father, an old cavalry soldier, the hero of two Indian campaigns — was snoh a man likely to be playing with firearms as children and cockneys play with such things? Was he likely to handle a revolver so ignosntly or so awkwardly as to lodge its eantants in his side I And, again, Bhe had understood that Sir Allan had gone to bed and that Lady Darnel was writing alone in her room when she, Graoe, knocked at the door. She longed to see her dear old Colonel. He, perhapB, might have told her something, yet what oould he know more than she, since he had only appeared on the scene afte? the catastrophe ? She walked up and down the corridor for half an hour or more, fifi the cold d?ove her baok to her roorft. ft was very cold iu that dead hour of $he nigh, and Grce was shivering in her mnslin dressing gown when she wept back to her rQcra. Dora Darnel Wfts sitting by the fire, just as Gr%ce hai left her, steadily ploughing through the Acta, as if she had been a divinity student preparing for an examination. Lady Darnel lay with her face hidden, motionless, silent. 4 Is she asleep?' inquired Graoe, |r» a low voioe. 1 4 1 believe so.' Grace threw herself on her bed, and cried herself to sleep — a troubled Bleep easily broken. She had slept thus, hqrd.ly for one moment losing the consciousness of her grief, when she was awakenedTby an agonising cry. a he started ftp from her pillow to see Dora Darnel standing before the sofa in the dying iire.ight looking down at her brother's wife. Clara was lying on her back, with her clasped hands above her head, her eyes wide open, and the eyeballs fixed in an awfql stare. fault, my fult,' she crfed. I murdered hiip.' - Beo8 looked at each other, appalled, horror- stricken. These words were the words of a dreamer, and dreams are wildest fictions; bat such words at such a moment had a thrilling effect. Chapter VI.— 'All was Silent, all was Gloom.' Friedric Friedricson, the great surgeon, had come and had gone, and was to come again. So far he had been able to say few words of eomfort or of hope. Sir Allan's condition was so precarious that the surgeon had not dared to attempt the extraction of the bullet ; and until that was extracted there oouid be little hope of recovery. The symptomatic fever was more violent than is usual in such oases. The patient was delirious, sleepless, and unable to take nourishment. Altogether the ease looked threatening. Lady Darnel's slumbers had not lasted long after that awful dream of hers. At four morning she had awakened, and had gone to Grace's dressingroom to give herself a cold bath, and to dress for the day. And now it was late in the afternoon, and she had not closed her eyes since that troubled sleep on the sofa. -he three women wandered about the house like three ghosts, so pale and wan and silent were they ail. Graee turned to Colonel Stukely for her only comfort; Dora read her Bible at all times and seasons ; Lady Darnel sought comfort from no one ; she paced with noiseless footfall up and down the corridor outside her busbandVi room for hours at a stretch. She interrogated everybody who came out — the neatly clad nurse in her prim cap and spotless apron ; Danvers, the medical man ; Pardew, the old military servant. These were her only sources of comfort, and such comfort as they oonld give was mixed with gall. It was some relief to hear of her beloved, to know that he still lived. It wait agony to know that the fever raged fiercely, that the delirium continued without abatement. He oould recognise no oftft. What mattered who watched beside his bod, what hireling hands ministered to him ? ' He would know mc? said Glare piteonsly, ' but they will not let me go to him.' 4 My dear soul,' replied the Colonel, sooth ingly, ' he doss not even know me, bis old comrade of many a forced march. Why, he and I have ridden side by side over an Indian desert when we were nodding asleep in our saddles fox sheer wearinesB. We were chums and companions for a quarter of a , oentury, from Eton to the Panjaub ; and yet S he djoes not recognise me.' i 4 He wouid know his wife,' said Clare, with conviction. As the day wore on she could hardly be induced to leave the corridor, Lunch dinner, all conventional meals were scorned by those . three women ; bat it wae only Lady Darnel ; who had not broken her last by so mueh as a biscuit enQe. the previous evening. But at last Grace beguiled her stepmother into her den, and made her sit by the fire and take some tea and bread and butter. 4 Do you want to be ill, too, end make us atill more unhappy ?' said Grace reproach fully. She had insisted on giving Lady Darnel her own bedroom, the dop.r o| which was opposite the sick room # while she herself was to occupy a little bed hastily put up in the . dressingroom. This arrangement wag. dssply ; resented by Dpra. 4 1 think if anybody has a a£ht to.be near Allan at such a time, it is I, his sister,' she said, when she and Grace were alone. 4 Bat surely, Aunt Dora, a wife's right is above all others.' 4 That depends upon the wife/ Xhen, if there caft ho any such distinction, nobody can dispute my stepmother's claim, for she is the most devoted of wives,' 4 She has. a knack of seeming veiry devoted,' remarked Dora. 'Seeming, and a knack If repeated Grace indignantly. 4 How can you say such things, Aunt Dors ? How dare you insinuate that my fatfier wife is not true V ' I insinuate nothing, Grace ; and I am not going to be taken to a task by a schoolgirl. I can only say that Lady Darnel is a mystery to na,e» just as she is a mystery to the county. Indeed,' I may say that you are the only person who appears to understand her and, ; believe in her.' 4 My father believes in her,' retorted Grace, more and more indignant. 4 That is enough for me' 1 Tour father is under the spell of a potent fascination, my dear. Have you never heard of a middle-aged wjdower subjugated by the macoeivres of. a. handsome widow— a widow whose antecedents are wrapped in profound j , darkness ?v 4 You, are talking most unjustly. Aunt Dhra ; and what is more, you know that you ' are unjuBt. I wonder you don't expect something to crawl out of your Bible and sting yon. I wouldn't sit with my Bible on my lap and spit venom at innocent people.' 4 If you cannot control yonr tongue, Grace, I shall go to my own room/ said Dora, closing her Bjbfe and rising as if to depart. 'I shall be very much beholden to my tongue if it drives you there,' retorted Grace, upon which Miss Darnel had no option, and was obliged to carry ont her threat ; more especially as the r om was Grace's own particular den, and she was only a visitor there. i She departed, carrying her Bible and a large assortment of angry feelings with her. But she did not retire to the solitude of her own apartments in the north wing. Solitude is apt to be intolerable in these periods of suspense and anxiety. Miss Darnel went to the drawingroom, and on her way met a servant who was going upstairs to announce Mr. Colohester. He was in the drawingroom, the man said, and wanted to see Ls>dy Darnel, Miss Grace anybody. . Dora felt that she came under the head anybody ; so she hurried to the drawingroom. eager to be en rapport with the county r though, indeed, in spite of his splendid position, she always looked upon Edward Colohester as in somewise au outsider. He> was so good-natured, so hail-fellow-well-met with all the world, so little governed by the Draconian laws of county society. She found him in the drawingroom. in hunting clothes, fidgetting about with a crop in his hand, just as if he had that moment dismounted to rest his hunter's back during a pause in the morning's work. 4 My dear Miss Darnel,' he cried, selxzng- her hand, ' what a dreadful thing this is I aitv,Wit-Golonel Th0rPe's harriers; only just heard it on my way home, or should have been here before. How did it happen ? Is it very bad? How is Grace?? „-?6rL,orgot himself in k" agitation, and s&id; Grace tout court. . 4 It is a long story, Mr. Colchester, and it u a profound mystery. We none of as know what it all means yet. My poor brother is in a most precarious state, I fear we may lose. .i 61® tears rushed to her eye® ; and they were not crocodile tears. If she hated, her brother's wife, she loved her brother ; and though she conid not bear to see him happy in his second marriage— nay, resented that second marriage as if it were a deadly wrong done to himself — she conid not calmlw contemplate the possibility of losing Him. \- ory» said Colohester, very much inclined to be tearful himself. 4 Things ar& neve so bad as they look. Doctors are such , regular old ravens, don5 you know. They like to frighten as oat of our wits in order to take credit for their wonderful cleverness when the patient pulls through. We pulled him through, they say, and then we poor fools pay their big Mils without blinking But for goodness sake tell me how It happened? Sir Allan Bhot himself they say - late last night, after you had all gone to bed/ 4 Not all said Dora. 4 Lady Darnel safe | up late to write letters. She was still up at ' the time it happened/ 4 Then she must know all about it.' 4 She appears to know nothing. She fcacl been to Grace's room. She' was in the corridor when she heard the pistol go off.' 4 And Sir Allan was alone in bis room lr So it appears. He had gone to bed an hour beicse. He must have got up and gone back to Lady Darnel's momingrooci, wfaera t ho had left the case of revolvers on the table. Why he should have get up and half - dressed himself, and gone back to get those pistols, is an uniachomabie mystery.' 4 Ha may have heard burglars— or fancied he heard them,' suggested Colchester. Some men are always on the qui vive for ' burglars — sleep with life preservers under their pillows. They might burgle all round my house and I should never hear 'em ; but I know it is a weakness with Bome men. How do you know that there wasn't a burglar there ? He may have shot Sir Allan. Dora shook her head. 4 1 do not believe it was a burglar. If there had been anyone in the house — any KoufSe , between Sir Allan and arobber — Lady Darnel : must have beard it. She was iu the corridor when the pistol went off.' 4 Then how do you solve the mystery V 4 It is my painful oonviction that the deed was either murder or suioide/ 4 Suicide 1' exclaimed Colchester. « Out of the question. Why, there wasn't a happier fellow in WiltB than Sir Allan— the cheeriest, the kindest, the most genial of men,' 4 Kind, genial, I admit/ said Dora ; but I know my brother better than anyone else can kaow h'm. I was his companion and Qpniidanta from the time I left school till tba day he married his second wife. I do nek believe that he has been happy of late, His. marriage was not a satisfactory marriage., " Nyeu it he himself could have felt thoroughly satisfied— which I do not think he ever did— : he knew that the oounty was dissatisfied with his choice. He knew that the cloud of mystery which surrounded Lady Darnel's antecedents oast a dark shaiow upon an old and honoured family. People might like and esteem him, but they oonld not esteem a, woman of whom they were told nothing, who was foisted upon them without a word oE explanation. And so they naturally felfe away from their eld friend, and although my brother pretended to take the matter lightly I believe that he was cut to the quiak.' 4 The county are a set of snobs,' said; young Colchester, swallowing an evil word with a wry face. 4 Why couldn't they take, such a splendid woman as Lady Darnel on trust ?' 4 My dear Mr, Colchester, I am thankful to- kaow that in good society no one is ever ta%en on trust,' replied Miss Darnel. What would sooiety be like if people were ?' 4 Perhaps a good deal pleasinter than | is now, retorted the reprobate equtra, who troubled himself muohless about the ante cedents of am aaqu&intanea; than about the pedigree of a fox-hound' v 'No, Mr. Golokofctec,' continued Dora darnel; my poor brother has noi been happy ! of late. There are mysterious eireamstaao ; « ; connected with his marriage that t have not been able to fathom, bull am not a fool, and, an spite of all oat ward appearances t have ceen enongh to koow th&t; Allan hi not happy. This sodden idea of going off to winter in Italy Is so nnlike him— sueh a complete breaking np of the life he loves— that the notion eould only have arisen out of a disturbed state ot mind.3 But, my dear Miss Darnel, the physioian ordered—' interrupted Colchester. Physicians may be inspired to order anything. They are often only the mouth- pboeB of their patients. If this dreadful event is not the work of my brother's own hand in an interval of despair, why then we have to look for a still darker solution of the mystery, and to ask where is the murderer?1 4 I say burglar,4 protested Golohesier. Sir Allan heard a man in the room next his own, «ot np, pat on his ooat, challenged the man. Burglar saw revolvers on table, snatched up one, and shot Sir Allan — or shot him with a revolver of his own, just as likely.' Would a burglar enter a room in which' there were two lamps burning — a room evidently occupied V Burglars have oheek enough for anything. No doubt, Lady Darnel keeps her jewels in her bedroom ; women alwayB do.' Miss Dirnel shrugged her shoulders, with $be air of declining to waste any more time an argument with a person of Mr. Colchester's limited intellect. 4 1 should very much like to see Grace,' he Baid, getting very re i and faltering a little, 4 if she is not too bad to see anyone.' 'She may not be too bad to see yon,' replied Dora. 4 1 dare say her taste for hunting will survive the calamity that has fallen npon us.' True,' answered Colchester, simply. She may like to know where next week's meets are to be, even though she ean't go out. She is always interested in the hounds. Perhaps ehe would like to have a couple of puppies at walk. They might be an amusement to her while there is illness in the house. Bat I trust in God poor Sir Allan will pull through gaieker than you expect.' Dora rang the bell, and sent a servant for Itsr nieoe. Mr. Colohester walked np and dawn the room meanwhile, sorely troubled, trtd finding no word to say to his companion. The footman oame back, to say that Miss Q: ace Darnel sent her compliments to Mr. Calebester, and was much to unhappy to see wnyone. 'Thank'ee,' said the young squire; and when the man was gone he added, moodily, 4 1 didn't ' much think she'd see me. She's been uncommonly rough on me for the last year or so. And before she went to school in Paris we were no end of chums. Good bye, Miss Darnel ; I shall call again to morrow, and perhaps Lady Darnel will be well enongh to see me. I have Always been oue of her warmest admirers, you know, and I — well, it would take a dooeed lot of hard faots to make me believe that her influence upon Sir Allan's life has b9en anything but a good influence, and that he isn't as happy ab a bird in his marriage with her.' And with these words Mr. Colchester departed, feeling more easy in his mind after he had thus expressed himself. The viear's wife and the doctor's old maiden sister oalied in the course of the afternoon fall of friendliness, and anxious to see Lady Darnel, were she able to receive a friend. The county sent cards and inquiries, but offered bo warmer form of sympathy. And so the long day of grief and fear wore on, to be followed by another sleepless night find a dawn of sorrow. There was no im provement in the patient. The utmost BOtafort Mr. Danvers could offer was the assurance that he saw no increase of danger. Dora and Grace went down to the dining- room to breakfast on this eeoond merniog ; bat Lady Darnel could not ba induced to leave her room, There she was close to the sick chamber. There she was within call at any moment should her husband recover bis senses, and aBk for her. There, too, she was secure from the horror of strange faces, the agony of having to go on with the routine of daily life. . She was shut in from the outer world— her own mistress. Grace had anxieties of her owo, as well as that agonising fear for her father's life. She wanted very much to have a few words with her godfather ; and on Miss Darnel retiring to her daily interview with the housekeeper, the desired opportunity occurred. Grace and Colonel Stukely were alone. Have yon seen anything more of him V he asked, plunging at once into the heart of her subjeot. 4 Have you heard anything ?' Not a word,' replied the Colonel. 4 1 took a long walk yesterday afternoon with the idea that„I might find out something. I ailed at the inn, saw the landlord, and asked if he had had any strangers lodging in hiB house. Not a mortal. Then I went the round of the better class of cottagers, mostly \- pensioners of yours and Lady Darnel's, to whom yon have introduced me at odd rimes. I didn't put my questions directly, but let out our idea of a burglary at Darnel, and asked if strangers bad been noticed about the place. 1 even walked across to Handlebury Union, with the notion that it was just possible the poor fellow may have had to take refuge there.' 4 Ob, Colonel, how utterly dreadful. ' My dear child, the Union hss sheltered better men than he. . However, no such person had been heard of there. J3o I take it Mr. Camillao must have had a few shillings About him in spite of his wretched appearance, and that be has gone ooi to some other place. The mystery is that be should have came here at all, unless with tiie idea of seeing you.'. 4 1 feel con vinced that he came hrre to see me, and for no other purpose, and that he is lying dead or dying on some dreary common, where the fox hounds are more like' iy to find him than anybody else,' said Gi&ce;, im petuously. ' Oh, what doable misery?. Victor dying or dead — my father's life trer abling in the balance. It seems as if the w orld were coming to an end.' In vain the Colonel argued wife! i his god daughter, urging that in life the : foreseen is always likely ; and that there ftafe ho reason to grieve fo? the fate el a Jfdhng man .who had pfflthapB fclready t&uen; on his feet. Grace WAS fcoite tfeSiforted. The romantic fancy Which fehfl induced her to pledge her young lite to this stranger was a folly of the paft Wt all her womanly feelings were ohusted by her lover in the hour of his help lessness and destitution. ' To think of me, surrounded with all these luxuries,' she exclaimed, looking angrily at the richly-furnished breakfast table, while the man who was to be my husband has net as good a shelter as the stable dogev 4 My dear child, a yeuhg man's life is generally a fact ol his oWn making,' said the Colonel sagely, A man of education, such as yoh describe this Camillao, could hardly fall so low except through hie own mis conduct.' 4 You said that before' k'etorted Graoe. 'Fray don't sermonite. If I were not so anxious about thy father I would take a couple of flogs and ride over every bit of waste ground within ten miles, till I found that poor fellow.' 4 If that is your idea, Grace, 1 can carry it out for you, dogs and all,' said the Colonel, kindly. 4 Oh, my dear godfather, how good you are !' cried the girl, repenting of her radeness. ' Forgive me for my ingratitude just now. I hardly know what I say. I am so very miserable— abont Victor, about my father and Lady Darnel most of all.' 'Poor Lady Darnel! Yes, your father's aooident is a terrible blow for her.' 4 It is not that only,' said Graoe. dropping her voice, and drawiug a little nearer to the Colonel, ' But it is all so strange, so full of mystery.' And then she told Colonel Stukely haw she had been awakened by a cry of agony from Lady Darnel, and of those strange words Bpoken in a dream. 4 My fault, my fault — I murdered him !' 4 Was not that strange?' asked Graoe, with a troubled look. 4 Only strange as dreams are strange. Would you aoouse Lady Darnel of having shot her husband upon such evidence ? She fell asleep with her mind fall ol death and murder, and dreamt that she herself had fired the fatal shot or had been individually concerned in the deed. Dreams are for the most part sheer lunacy. God knows what hideous visions her troubled brain may have Woven.' 'Yes, that is just what I thought at the time ; but the words have haunted me ever sinoe. You know how fond I am of Lady Darnel. I believe I love her almost as well ab I could have loved my own dear mother, had God spared her to me. And yet there are times when I feel worried and perplexed about the mystery of her past life. Aunt Dora says such cruel things.' 'My dear, it is in your aunt's nature to say cruel things, just as it is in the nature ef wasps and hornets to sting. I don't wish to be rude about your family, but I fancy that old Sir George Darnel's second wife must have introduced a particularly venomous strain into the fine old stock. It is a good thing for the race that Miss Darnel has remained a spinster.' ' Yes, Aunt Dora has a peculiar talent for being disagreeable, and she has exercised it unsparingly with regard to Lady Darnel. I always take my stepmother's part ; and yet in these last dreadful days Aunt Dora's insinuations about the mystery in her past life have made me miserable. If I were once to believe that she is a hypocrite, that her devotion to my father is only a clever piece of acting — ' ' Have no such doubt, no such fear, Grace,' said the Colonel, heartily. 'Your father has told me, his old friend, the whole story of Lady Darnel's life. There is no mystery, nothing that oould not be told as freely to yon as to me. if your father were so minded. He has held back the knowledge from you only because the story is a dark story. If you knew all, you would know that Lady Darnel's first marriage was a time of martyrdom ; that as wife and as mother she has been a martyr.' 4 1 did not even know that she had any children,' said Grace. 'Yes, there was a son, but he is dead, happily.' 4 He was a bad son, then V 4 A very bad son — following in the foot steps of a guilty father. Your stepmother's life has been blameless — it has been even heroic. You cannot love her too weil.' 4 And I have loved her with all my heart.' answered Grace ; 4 and I will go on loving her, and I will trast her implicitly, come what may. Dear old godfather, I feel ever so muah happier after this talk with you.' 'And I'll order my horse and scour the country in search of this ragamuffin suitor of yours,' said the Colonel ; and to himself he added, 4 And if I find him, it shall go hard if I don't boy him off pretty cheap, and set this little fool of mine free to smile upon honest Ted Colohester.' (to bb continued.) 