BURN IE. {Bv THE GHOST.!| 1 ttotice the " Sports Committee " have a lengthy programme framed for New Year's Vay. But the races ate of too tame a -character to warrant any excitement, Something should be included, such <ta an obstacle race, etc., that would Cause some interest to be taken in them. Such races as boys under ten are void of all interest. . We are greatly behind tbe times bere, nobody seems to have any go in them. Cricket has almost died a natural death, from the want of a ground to play on. Some time ago a block of land was granted by the Van Dicnien's Land Company for recreation purposes, but beyoud felling a few trees, etc., nothing has been done towards making it fit for recreation. AE, it has been'left too late for cricket, L hope the committee will pull together and get it ready for the football season. It would be-ii pit/Sf-joiir foptball'felubj .who' made such n good beginning last year, should have lo play tile piirt of looker on, from the want ot a ground to play on I hone tlie committee will laltp tliis hint, and get the ground ready before the season commences.; ... There is some |talk of starting a brass hand here, and as we have plenty of imisical young men in our midst, no doubt we .could raise a very good one. We have the " harmonious blacksmith," whose playing-on the " tin whistle " is not to be beaten; Happy Tom, whose melodious voice, when whistling and singing .up and down .the street, enraptures all within bearing, and could no doubt be trained to some advantage for the horn and last, but not least, comes the youug man who is .already exercising his lung |iow«m oo the cornet, to the disLuet of all around, thinking, no doubt, he will b« installed a member of the bund for New Year's J}«y. A Jas, poor fellow, I am at mid \our hopes will be blighted, as there i« far more music in the ring of your anvil than your cornet. If the cornet is your ambition, let me persuade you to take lodgings in Bell's Sailor's Home ; your friends would like you better, and 1 am sure wish you success A. V.D.L. savage at our wharf the other day, liad with him a favourite dug. W- - coming aloixg, (or so.ne unknown reason thiashes the dog with a paling. The savage replied by depositing a handful of fish offal in W face. A few rounds and friends interfere, as it is a public place. Stakes aie then laid, and arrauuements made tor a match to tuke place at some future date, tn the meantime the Free Methodists tea fight comes on ; both parties agree to' go there and have it out. 3 to 1 is laid on the savage, but the faVourito dis ippoiuts his backers, Bud W comes out an easywinner, with bis vest open, and the top button of liis pants broken away, thinking himself luckey to escape the savage iu so easy a manner. The young woman who for some time has been reported as missing, and lately reported to have been lound dead in the hush, between the Leven and Penguin, turned up last night, having been at service up country. 