THE autumn meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was held at Caulfield or/ April 25. In the Hurdle Race, Minerva, another of the Tasmanian horses that are just now running so well in the colony, won rather easily from a field of nine others. Thc Glen Huntly Handicap of a mile was won by Mr. J. Harper's Un eas, and . the Armadale Handicap by Mr. R. Lowe's Topaz. In the Steeplechase ali the horses went the wrong course, with the result that the race had to be repeated. The winner each time was Gran- ville, a horse brought down from the Murray district. On May 2 the remarkable spectacle of thc South Aus- tralia Jockey Club holding its Cup meeting in Melbourne was afforded. In South Australia the abolition of the totalisator, formerly in legal use there, together with the stringent conditions placed on betting of any sort, has for the time almost killed racing in the colony, and in conse- quence the South Australian sportsmen determined to run their big race at Flemington. In the first day's racing there were several important events. .The Hurdle Race was won by Sir Patrick, and in the St. Leger The Broker beat Silver King by a head after a fine race. The Goodwood Handicap, the principal event of the day, was very easily won by Lantern, a South Australian horse, who got in very light. Lord Wilton was second, and The Ghost third. Two of the placed horses were South Australians. The Sires' Produce Stakes, for two-year-olds, was won by Sir Thomas Elder's Juanna, and the Victoria Handicap by Mr. S. Miller's Pyrette. On the second day of the meeting the principal event Avas the Adelaide Cup, for which 16 horses started. The favourites were Conjecture, owned by James Wilson, jun.; Britisher, a horse trained, and very freely backed, at Bal- larat ; and Lantern, the South Australian horse, and winner of the Goodwood Stakes on the previous Saturday. The race was won in fine style by Lord Wilton, owned by Mr. E. W. Ellis, of South Australia ; Mr. D. M. Robert- son's Anchorite was second, and Mr. L. Watson's Sardius, another South Australian horse, third. Only two other events of any importance were run-the Nursery Handi- cap being won by Mr. S. G. Cook's Remus, and the Flying Stakes by Mr. A. Harvey's Middlemarch. On the last day of the meeting the popular cross-country rider, Corrigan, brought home the Tasmanian horse Echo first in the Hurdle. Race, and the Steeplechase was Avon easily by Mr. M. Loughlin's Colebrook, also trained at Dowling Forest, near Ballarat. The big stake of the day, the S.A.J.C. Handi- cap, AAras appropriately Avon by a South. Anstralian horse, Mr. C. H. T. Hart's St. John, Britisher being second, and St. LaAvrence third. Following the S.A.J.C. meeting a day's racing Avas held at ElsternAvick-park, the important prize of the meeting being a 100-guinea cup, presented by Mr. D. M. Robertson, and added to a stake. Conjecture, AVIIO Avas so heavily backed to Avin the Adelaide Cup, Avas again the favourite, but again disappointed her backers, and Avas not placed. The race Avas Avon by an outsider in Mr. Bradshaw's YelloAv Hammer. The intercolonial eight-oared boat race Avas roAved on thc Parra*matta River at Sydney on April 25. Hitherto only Victoria and NeAV South Wales had competed, but on this occasion crews Avere sent by Tasmania and Queensland also, the two latter colonies having quite recently started eurht-oar rowing in outriggers. The start was a good one. Queens- land Avere sloAvest in getting away, Avhile Tasmania surprised, all with the excellent manner in Avhich they Avent off. Bros Avas giving the New South Wales creAv 46, and Senior Avas leading the Victoria at only two less. Tasmania Avere soon passed by Victoria, AVIIO had obtained a slight lead of Sydney. The roAving of all the crews Avas very good indeed, and in spite of the very rapid stroke of both Sydney and Melbourne, there Avas no splashing. Sydney soon took Queensland's Avater, Avhich enabled them to escape the full strength of the tide, which was running, very strong against the com- petitors. Approaching the mile point Victoria led Sydney by half a length, the Tasmanians, AVIIO AV ere badly steered, and Queensland being level about two lengths behind the leaders. It looked here as if the leaders Avere going to run away from Queensland and Tasmania, AVIIO Avere both about three lengths astern, but roAving a good serviceable stroke. Some of the Victorians AV ere now hanging out signals of distress, and occasionally they got very ragged, but Senior soon pulled them together. Sydney passed Victoria at Tennyson, roAving beautifully together, and from this to the finish they improved, the swing and time being'faultless. The cutting-doAvn tactics pursued by thc Melbourne, and their having roAved against the full current, had, however, done its Avork, and it lo.oked as if Tasmania, AVIIO Avere rowing Avell together, Avould beat Victoria, but the latter stuck to it, although much distressed. Sydney won by a length and a half, Victoria being two lengths ahead of Tasmania, AVIIO in turu Avere a length clear of Queensland. The two latter made a very respectable show in their first attempt at eight-oared racing, but their being so handy at thefirisliAvas owing to the cutting-down policy of the leaders. Both Sydney and Melbourne rowed too quick a stroke tobe thoroughly effective. Edward Hanlan, the ex-champion oarsman, returned per Zealandia to his home at Toronto. He stated publicly before leaving that he preserved a profound admiration for NeAv South Wales and its people, and has a deep .sense of gratitude for the generosity shown towards him there, and should he be spared it is his intention to return td New South Wales and permanently reside there. He also spoke in most complimentary terms of Beach as an oarsman, and a man whose friendship he felt proud to possess. The ex champion is not so robust in appearance as Avhen lie first came to the colonies, the severe exercise and the failnres he has undergone having no doubt robbed him of his strength and spirits in some measure, though they have not deprived him of the desire which he hopes to fulfil on his return-of meeting Beach again. Hanlan was treated with every public mark of honour, and presentations were made to him. He has been commissioned to inform Teenier that Beach will row him or any other sculler in.America over the champion course on the Parramatta for £1,000 and the championship of the world, and, in the event of Teenier accepting, will allow £200 for expenses. 