COLLINGWOOD MUNICIPAL QUARRY. -4-~-- AMONGST the numerous public works now under progress in Collingwood there is none of greater importance than the quarrystarted abonteighteen months ago by the above Council, with the avowed object of obtaining road material at a cheaper rate than had hitherto been possible. The importance of the work lies in the fact as to whether the stone obtained so far is of good quality and cheaper, or if the quarry has, up to date, a balance on the right side of the ledger. And, if not, is it probable that it will have at any future time. Probably few Collingwood citizens have the remotest idea as to the exact position of the site where the quarrying is now in progress. For their informa tion we will state that it is at the ex treme eastern end of Ramsden-street, which is the southern boundary. The Melbourne corporation quarry is on the western side, a public street on the north; and there is a road-a continua tion of the Esplanade-along the bank of the Merri-creek, which forms the eastern boundary to starting point, viz., Ramsden- street. Should any citizen be so bold as to go and inspect the site for himself, make a careful inspection of the stone at present in sight, and then look at the Melbourne corporation quarry, and take particular notice of the direction and bearing of the reefs of bluestone there to be plainly seen, he will in all pro bability drawan unfavorable comparison as to the prospects in store for the Colliongwood quarry. It is rather a strange fact that where the much-sought-for bluestone is ex pected to be found, it is not visible; and where it is NOT looked for, it is found in abundance-viz., in the public streets. There is also another curious fact that, in a small quarry (now filled up) close to the northern boundary, which was some fifty feet deep, no bluestone of sufficient payable quantity was found, although it was tried many times and oft by various parties. It is scarcely possible to avoid draw ing a comparison between the two quarries under notice, and many mining ventureslin this, and in fact, all the colonies. There is no necessity to particularize, for nearly every person has seen or heard of a claim being pegged out, next to one yielding hand some returns, and, after being well puffed up, has turned out a complete failure. It is doubtless premature to judge yet of the quality of the stone that may be obtained at the Collingwood quarry, but up to the present nothing has been got but the almost valueless "honey comb,"and a large quantity of mullock. Practical men, when spoken to on the subject, shake their heads ominously, express grave doubts, and hope for the best. A significant fact worth recording is that the Council have had one or two good offers to supply spawls at a rate that it is very doubtful whether it will ever be got at the same price from the quarry:-or to erect machinery and crush for the Council at per yard. These offers are indignantly, not politely, re fused, and some councillors even go so far as to feel insulted at the mere men tion of stone, towhen we have a quarry. But this is not the commonsense way of doing business. Viewed in the light of a purely commercial speculation councillors should ask themselves-Is the quarry paying? Or, is there the possibility of it ever being likely to do so? If not, the wisest course is easily seen. The weekly expenditure has been something considerable, between £50 and £60 per week, and the farther and deeper they go the expense is, of course, proportionately greater. L:t us hope the returns will increase to a satisfactory amount. At the commencement of operations, credit was taken for opening up Rams den-street right through to the creek. This is of no practical utility unless a bridge is placed across the creek, as was proposed at the time, but this very imp3rtant idea seems to have dropped out of notice, for some onexplained reason. In calling attention to this -question of quarrying by the Council-Does it pay or not?-We have no wish to judge hastily, but merely pass an opinion as fdr as our judgment leads us; and bearing in mind the fact that in quarrying, as in mining,there is always necessarily a large preliminary expendi ture; to this neither we nor any rate payer could object, providing there is the prospect of remunerative returns within a reasonable period. Whether this will be the result we are not able to say, but we have discharged a public duty in calling attention to the matter, and, in doing so, let us hope that the quarry will turn out a good sample of bluestone, at a payable price, viz., at a lower rate than can be supplied by con tract. A Concert for the benefit of the widow and children of the late Mr. Croker. is to be held in the Fitzroy Town HIall, on Wednesddy evening, the 18th. March. The price of admission has been fixed at half-a-crown. The amount raised by friinds so far has reaohed .£61, 10s." , Between nine and ten o'clock on Thurs day morning last the borough of Kew was thrown into a state of excitement when it became known that Mr Anthony Lindley, lately one of the partners of the firm of Olifield and Lindley, Merchants, of Carlton. had committed suicide by cutting his throat with a penknife. It appears that the de ceased left. his wife soon after breakfast. saying to her that he was" going to town." In about half an hour afterwards Mrs Lindley went into the coachhouss, and was horrified to find her husband seated in a waggonette and bleeding profusely from a large wound in the neck. Dr Walsh was sent for, but before he arrived Mr Lindlt expired. It is surmised that difficulties in business led to the rash act. The new E ist Colliogwood branch of the Melbourne Saving's Bank has proveda sig nal success. The first week closed with 262 accounts on the books. a result never before achieved by a branch office. The retiring members of the Collingwood School Board of Advice, Cr. Field and Mr Hart, have been re-elected unopposed. The woman Isabella Prosser, who is charged with concealing the birth of her child, was tried for that offence at the Supreme Court on Tuesday last. As the jury could not agree, the prismner was remanded to the next Criminal sittings of the Court. On Thursday forenoon the deputation appointed at the public medting held in the Mechanics' Institute. Brunswick, waited upon the Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey, and presented the peti tion praying for the abolition of the Ward System in Brunswick. The Commissioner pointed out that the requirements of the Local Government Act had not been com plied with inasmuch as the sum of £20 had not been deposited with the Clerk of Petty Sessions, whose receipt for the money. the Act said, must accompany the petition. Mr Tucker further pointed out that the petition would have to be advertised for one month in the Government-Gazette, and that in the event of the prayer being granted, the present Borough Council would cease to exist, and a fresh election would have to be held. Mr Stranger, J. P., who acted as spokesman, said that the deputa tion would withdraw the petition and present it again when the necessary forma lities had been gone through. A meeting of the committee of the Col lingwood State Schools' excursion was held on Monday last. There was a large atten dance, and several fresh names added to the committee. An apo!ogy was received from Mr. Aumont for non-attendance. The sports' committee submitted their report and programme of sports, which was adopted with a few alterations. Mr. Car ruthers was authorisei to write to the council, and also to the chairman of the Associated banks, asking for a holiday to be proclaimed in Collingwood on the 19:h March. The programme is a long one, anl some very good prizes are offered, amongst which may be particularly mentione I three medals, the gift of the Hon. G. D. Lang ridge. The following are some of the principal " items in the Schedule of works to be ex ecutes by the Coburg Shire Council under the new loan: of £6500.-Sydney- roa'l, £1541: Harding's road, which is to be made a chain wide, £1426; in connec ihn with this road a sum of £44 10s. will have to be paid for compensation for land require Ito widen it; Bell-street east, .£0 ; Victoria st, eat, £104; Bell-street west, £104; laying an iron tramway from Dunstan's-b:idge to Champ-street, Bridge-road, £5~0; Box Forest.road, £317; Moreland-grove and De Carle-street, £350; Reynard-street, £450; Kyle-street. £250; Morelmnd road, £120; the sum of £1195 being set down for contin gencies. A piece of land at the corner of Fitzroy and Victoria-streets has been secured on lease by the Temperance Fire Brigade. It is the intention to at once proceed with the erec. tion of the neccessary buildings. The opening meeting of the second session of the Clifton Hill Mutual Improve ment and Literary Society was held at St. Andrew's Church Schoolroom, oc Tuesday evening last, when, before a numerous audience, Rev. C. M. Cherbury delivered an instructive. though highly amusing. PhysiognomicalLecture on "Eyes. Noses, and Months." Thelecturerexplained several of his remarks by referring to numerous illustrations, and at its close, was tendered a hearty vote of thanks. Before the meeting terminated, Mr. P. Graham rendered, in an effective manner, a song entitled: "Killarney," and Mr. Osmond also read with great success, " Mark Anthony's Oration." The following is the syllabus for the next ,month: IMrch 10, Lecture " Federation," Rev. E A. Thomas; March 24. "An evening with Dickens," by Members. John Kenny, residing in Moor-st., Fitz roy, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital on Thursday. suffering fram a severely scalded back. Also Charles Lewis, resi ling at 27 Napier-street. Fitzroy. supposed to be suffering from a sunstroke. It is a well-known fact that centipedes and noxious specimens of the animal king dom find their way into the Yan Yean water pipes. The Reverened gentleman who presides over the Roman Catholic School at Brunswick, appears to be un. acquainted with this important fact, and the teachers and members of the School Committee appear to be in the same state of blissful ignorance as their pastor. The Yan Yean is laid on to the school grounds but there is not even the shadow of a drinking la hdle, or the ghost of a pannikin for the use of the children, wh are to be seen with their months to the tap quench ing their thirst, at the risk of swallowing goodness knows what number of centipedes and what amount of animalcules. Rev. Sir.--"Have a little mercy on the little ones and provids them with a few pan nikins." According to the plans that have been proposed by the Railway Department the extention of the Alphtngton Railway to Johnston-street will necessitate the closing up of several streets and the lowering of others. Probably, this may be "paying too dear for the whistle." At the meeting of the Coliingwood City Council held on Wednesday evening, Cr. Gray expressed it as his opinion that a portion of the Mayor's Park might be con verted with a bowling green. In his opinon "a nice little club might be formed at Clifton Hill" Cr, D wyer said that " the club would want £400 to start with." Several clubs c uld be mentioned that made a start, and a successful start, with one- third of that amount. At the Coburg Court on Tuesday, before Mr. Alley, P.M., and MIessrs. Vincent and Mailler, J.P's, two young men named re spectively John and Jeremiah Lambert were charged with being drunk on Sun day last while in charge of a horse and cart. and they were further charged with cruelly illtreatiug the horse. Constable Mullaney of Campbellfield gave evidence to the effect that he examined the horse, and found a large won I on the right side. Mr. Swan, head teacher of the Campbell field State School, deposed to having seen the prisoner, John Lambert, beating the horse with a chain. Jeremiah was stand in, in the cart at the time, but witness did not see him beat the horse, or illtreat itin any way. Jeremiah was discharged. John was fined 5s. for being drunk, and 40s. with 10s. costs in the second charge. Mr. Swan gave the costs to the Ladies' Benevolent Society. A mimic Parliament was held in the Northcote Wesleyan Schoolroom, on Mon day evening last, under the management of the Northcote and Gipps-street (Colling. wood) Wesleyan Mutual Improvements As sociation'. The Hon F. EB. Beaver, M.L.C. acted as Speaker. and there was a large at tendance of members and friends. And after several petitins had been received, and various questions answered, the house pro ceeded to consider " a bill to regulate the bours of labor" in good parliamentary style. Mr. H. G. Munts, MIr. Dennia, Mr. Tomkins and Mr. Crowle supported the bill and Mr. Bastings, MIr. Win. Harry and Mr. Wimble opposed the passing of such a measure as it :would interfere with the liberty of the subject. A full report of the proceed. ings is given in another column, A preliminary meetiog of those favorable to a road being made through the fiat in the east side of Northcot-. was held at the Peacock Hotel, on Monday evening last. Mr Boothby occupied the chair and there was a fair attendance. The Chairman said that the meeting was called for the purp ee of taking such steps as may be deemed ad visable to get a roadway made through the flat, from Separati m-street to Westgarth street. After a conversatio nal discussion. it was agreed to adjourn the meeting till Monday next so as to have the matter batter known. We are informed the Rev. Mr. Harhow has been appointed to the Church of Eng. land-charge of Alphington vice Rev. ME. A. Thomas. resigned. The Clifton Hill Road making progress is seriously retarded in consequence of the difficulty of obtaining labir. Indifferent hands are now getting 8s. Gd. per day, and the contractor is under a fine of ,£1 a day, for not completing within contract time, which has long been up. The tramways are said to be the cause of the pick and shovel men being scarce and they are absorbing all available hands. At the Coburg Court on Tuesday last His Worship Mr. Alley quite astonished some owners of wandering cattle when he told him that the bench had power to fine them d2 a head for all cattle found wander ing. "Persons who keep cattle" said His Worship "should have land to keep them on or else have buildings to -keep them in.'" Some rather heavy fine were inflicted and the local justces were advised not tolie so lenient in the iuture as they had been in the past. As will be seen by our report of the Col lingwood City Council held on Wednesday evening, the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey his cans d a very significant letter to be forwarded to that', body upon the suej.ct of the closing of the Clifton Hill abattoirs. It is by no means improb' able that the Council may lose both the land and the promised £400, and if they do th " -ill have to thank themselves and tl " Ives alone. ].,ring the last election a report was cir culated by then Sergeant Scott of Fitzroy, that Cr. James Holden bad robbed a poor widow of a sum amounting to £8. At the time Cr. Holden could not obtain direct evidence, but since then he has been suc cesful in getting several persons to make statutory declarations as to Sergeant Sco't having made the statements. and placed them in the hands of his Solicitors, Messrs. M'Kean and L'onard, to ins'itute proceed ings, and claiming £99 damages. Ex. Sergeant Scott has now s'ttl-d the case hy paying the damages claimed into c nrt.with costs. This admission and proceedings on the part of defendant is the firste,'se of tin kind. that has happened in the Colony, and should act as a warning t- persons who make scandalous statem'n's. One of these sad accid'n's that plunge families into grief and mourning o'-crred in Valiant Street. Collingwood, on last Yon ly afternoon. It appears that Miss Blanche Wilson,eldest d 'ngh'er of Mr Edwin Wilson (Ex-Councillor of the City of Collingwood). was engaged cooking in thi kitchen, when her dress caught fire, and before it could be extinguished the young lady received such injury as neecssitated her removal to the Melbourne Hospital, where she expired in great agony. on Tuesday morning. Miss Wilson was in her twenty-sixth year. An inquest was held on Wednesday. and a verdict in accordance with the facts was returned. The deceasei was hell in high estimation in the neigh. hourhood where she resided, as was ev'dencel by the large number of friends wh' visited the parents, to svmpathise with them. Even the little children who knew the deceased young lady, showed their grief hv coming in great numbers with heautiful honquets of flowers, to place around the remains of their friend. A very large concourse of friends of the family f llowed the remains to the cemetery. A noticeable mark of respect was shown by the publicans in Johnston Street. Each one had the bar door closed and the window blinds closely drawn. 