lie Christmas "Observer." | The Christmas number of the Adelaide Observer, which is obtainable to-day, is as usual specially attractive. Additions.! to the ordinary forty-eightpage paper are two supplements. Oae is & spirited picture representing a sailor saving from a wrecked ship a mother and her little child. The other consists of sixteen Dtkees of eeasonable literature. The first noticeable feature therein is a pathetic poem, 4 4 Christmas Guests," by Lindsay Duncan; and the next " Chill December: the Christmas Story of a Dartmoor Storm," written especially for this number of the Observer by the well-known novelist G. Manville Fenn. The author writes in his most effective style. The tale throughout is graphically told and intensely interesting. The "Ne'er-Do-Well" contributes "The Haunted Bungalow : A Teaplanters' Story,' which has all the characteristics of a ghost vara of the good old fashion, which caused our forerunners to draw close together as they listened, eagerly but fearsomely, in the coBy nurseries at home. " The Piumpudding Part;" is an amusing little morsel for the Australian lasses of to-day, and the little lads will read with delight Lindsay Duncan's rhythmical" Tale of a Tailor," while children generally will be pleased with the same author's narrative of the adventures of "Lottie and the Wombat." "My First Bushranger" is distinctively an Australian Bketch. The author of " In Sackcloth and Ashes" gives an additional attraction to an already attractive story by the prefatory note concerning one of his characters. " It may possibly be remarked that Squire Pecheriage bears a strong resemblance to Mr. Mopes in 'Tom Tiddler's Grouad,' by Charles Dickens. I remember that Charles Dickens, in company, I believe, with the late Lord Lytton, paid a visit to the hermit, whom I have introduced under the abovementioned names, and I afterwards heard it frequently stated that the latter was highly indignant at the way in which, as he considered, the great novelist held him UD to ridicule and contempt, and misrepresented his motives in tbe story referred to." This budget of Christmas literature contains other poetical pieces besides those specially noted. Chief of these is the story of " How Bob Found Out Who He Was," by a valued regular contributor. The " Riddler" gives a special collection of serious, entertaining, and brain- puzzling conundrums, and caps tbe lot with a big " Mince-Pie," made up of all sorts of odds and ends, which even the mental dispeptic may indulge in freely without the faintest fear of resulting biliousness. 