THE MIIStRY AT'"LBURIY. EXOEPT as an addition to the already t?o Ihumerous diplays .of, rhetori~ior woidy e tiniibons, serving 'only to onL fuse or perplexr the mind, of whichi the worild has seen and hehrd too ahfiny, thie elaloraite address of the Attorlney General at Albury on Wednesday, has no real significance. If it was used as a meanis of diguising the real inten tionsof the Ministry, it may possibly have had the desired effect. If it was an attempt to increaEe publio confidence in the present Government, it may at once be characterised as a signal failure, ;'aid the audience whoml polite niess, or the hope of good things ito come, had induced to be present, must be pitied for having been compelled to listen to such a lengthy torrent of statir tiialverbiage Mr. DALLEY appears to have undert.ken to act, not only as representativeyo for the Ministry ingene ral, but for the Minister for Lands, and. the Colonial Treasurer in Iparti ciilar, a'd as .legal k1ltight eri'ant foi the' "aterlauid. o ~K M~ 2~I~Y i atgreat paiiasi:at the onset.to.remind the country :that the' Ministry are ds's initid 'as:eer': If hle liadisaid I' as united as theyhave been ifor; some ihiet,"ie' e mivuld i iore readily have obtained credence. .Per haps, like the Borderers of' old befoi undertaking any extraordinary raid against the common foe, they may have agreed to bury any 'particular feuds amongst themselves till: Ihey) have returned from conquest. ,Whether they are friends or not, they willhave tohailng tdgether till after the etbliouid at all events. Mlr. 'DTALLs ,..however, tirespasses we think, a.little more than: usual upon the credulity of the peopleT' when lie endeavours topersuade them that the egregious escapade of tlr. FaIINELL at Gosford,'when hae let.the: eat out of the bag, was only ia huge joke. In fact, that instead of aiming at the Premiership, as everybody was. given to understand, Mr. FANiLLtn;is :die'of the kindliest men in the wor:d-. and one of " the humb!est "l-in fact, so humble that URisA HIEEP would'lie 'iowhere compared with him. :?Mr. DALLEY trusts that. nothing, may .be founid of a similarly sensational cha ramter in the reports of the proceed. ifngs at the Albury banquet to thoso that transpired at Gosford. He need be under no apprehension of that kind. It would be diffoicult to findfive columns of printed matter containing anything less sensational (we had almost said less interesting) than those which contain the report of r~h. Dalley's utterances at Albury. Towards its close some monitions of ccuseieneoo, or the sleepy attitude of those before him, must have reminded him of this truth, for he admits that it is a "dreary and lengthened ad dress." # K~t·~- s The speeches of the Minister for Works and the Minister for Justice are as reticent as that of the Attoriey' Generatl with regard to the future intentions of the Government in the coming session. Mr. DALLEY pro pbesies that it will be a brillimtb one. If so, ib will be brilliancy of a very short diiration. The session can barely last more than eight weeks at the utmost. Theoretically, all that Mr. WmnSIGIT talked about, with regard to Local Govornment and Water Conser vation may be perfectly correct, but we knew all these things before. Whatis wanted now is the conversion of all this theory into practice. "or thelast siX yegars, at least, the Local Govern ment Bill has been dangled before the country as a measure most indis pensable for its welfare, and now we are called upon to believe that this and other equally im portent bills are to be carried through the House in a "bril liant" session of two months! It certainly would be a brilliant thing for' the country if a plain common sense measure, stripped of legal verbiage, and framed with a single eye to the welfare of the colony, instead of the promotion of vested interests, could be introduced and passed before Parliament is dissolved, but we know that this would be impossible. What we may expect is some crude digest of municipal regulations, strung, together in the orthodox form, giving borough or shire councils oxtraordinary powers in some parts ot the bill and nullifying them, or partially contradicting them, in others. This is what we have been accustomed to for years past, antidwhich has brought Ministerial promises with regard to a comprehensive Locali Government Bill into contempt .7 , Very little is ei?pected from Mr. COHEN on all occasions., :There was naccordingly no room for disappoint ment in his speech. Like his colloeagues he feels that a dark aid disiinal cloud hangs over the existence:of the.'Lana Act. Mr. COHEN admit's that :in the new Parliament :'there iifiy be' an attempt to repeal it. This was the skeleton at the feast.. To exercise this ghost Mr. DALLEY devoted nearly half his address;, and piled 'up mountains of worods and 'fig'res to' prove(; but in- vaii,,ai tsil tli- Laid A.ct would- be- the ealvation of the country. :'.s,A, a 'means" of in creasing the revenue, the indica tions -:are that iti will :e :a disial failure. The siquatir in the Assembly took care of that when they combined at all hazards to reduce the rentals on Grown lands, and 'threatened to desert the Government unless they were reduced from 2d. to ;, d.. per acre. The rent expeotec .to be received .was i~750,000 per 'anium, but there are eignhs :that only zone quarter of a million will flow into the treasury chest. In fac't, M.I .DiLLEY has been forced to admit that so far, the results of the Land Act finan'cially have not been What had been hoped for. 