WOOING A QUEEN. ?. V3 Br Mar Amr. ' C " Immo certe novi engininm muluirm w nolunt ubi vilis nbi nolls eupinnt ltro" n" From the inception of Kingraft no is Sovereign whose actions have been recorded ti in profane history hasso excited the eager ti curiosity of all modern historians, or upon E whose value as u ruler there exists greater w diversity of opinion than the fickle daughter as of the beautiful but ill-fated Annie Boleyn. tl Historians have vied with each other in at their endeavours to enlighten us upon every ol detail of her long and remarkable career. d, Theustate papers of every Government in pi Europc have been carefully perused. Con- is temporary history has been mentally ie devoured. Even the sepulchres of the dead h; have obeen intvaded and male to 'eontribte is something to the general store of knowledge. b, And now nearly every event in Elizabeth's 51 life has been laid bare to the guse of tihe the world. The many lovers she had, and d the letters she wrote we know. The full el round. Tudor oaths. she swore, and thep naughty:. fib she told, aue duly reorded. Is Tihe number and'teiture of everyarticle'in h her wardrobe minutely descriied.' The n persons ears she boxed and the stolen t interviews she had, have been carefully a noted. What she ate and drunk, where she tl slept and all about the first pair of silk a stockings she wore We know.: In short, no p expreasmn has been thought too vulgar, no action too contemptible to find a place in the history of that memorable Queen. • Profound scholars possessing clear, pene trating and critical minds, after havoing h carefully; and' impartially analysed every i fact in.irelation to her social and political acts have fearlessly declared that with' all her many and serious faults'she was the greatest ruler England .ever. had. Others d agaiss:equally as profound,.and equally as b critical and impartial, who have just as carefully weighed every fact, as .fearlessly c assert' that ignoring her faults altogether, e she was the worst ruler that ever sat on the throne of England. But as it is not my intentions to offer any remarks upon the political aspect of the question, but confine myself solely to Elizabeth's affairs de amour, the reader will please decide as to which of these two opposing opinions is the right one. It has been surmised that the reason why the 'Queen. preferred the state of single blessedness to that of wedded bliss was a twofold one. In the first place, the blue beard proceedings of her amiable papa were too green in her memory. Perhaps a husband alight follow the example, andi in the' next place her .inordinate :vanity made her onwilling to allow another to share in the adulations of the oily-tongned and supple. backed courtiers who basked in the sunshine oflir royal smiles. Nature had been very sparing in its bestowal of good looks on the maiden Queen, her beauty was of that type familliary' tereid at the present. day very plain.' "But" her ample 'stock "of' vanity enabled her to draw on her imagination tremendous cheques for beauty, which were duly honored by her courtiers, consequently from the day of her coronation until a short time before her death she firmly believed her 'self to be the' most beautiful woman in Europe. As soon as Elizabeth had become settled nice and comfortably on the' throne, souitors for her heart and hand appeared in the field. The' first' to 'ake time by the forolock was' Eric 'XIV of Sweden, but Elizabeth liked him not. Then her brother-in-law, Philip II'of Spain, who was evidently a believer in tishe principle of the Deceased Wife's Sister's Bill, wooed the gentle Eliza; but she treated' his suit 'with undisguised contempt, which set His Majesty's Castillian blood at boiling point for the remainder of his life. Now e the handsome and fickle Duke de Nemoutrs Swrote a fervid letter to the Queen, asking her to make him the happiest man alive, f and enclosing his portrait with which she Iwas very much pleased and invited him to pay hier a visit, but just as he had got everythinmg ready to cross the Straits of Dt Dover, .he wivase tae capty"e by auothser cl cruie'. This was the :first blow Eliza beth's~vanity had;recicied, and she felt it keenly. While these .:different' foreign matrimonial negotiations were be ing con g dueted with that high pressure sdieedl fdo which red tapeism is even at the present day so celebrated, Elizabeth ishad been playing old gooseberry with the hearts of hf er courtiers. With all thsi kill of an Sancomplished coquette she lured the dashing ' Courtena lon!to his doom. What she said t when he proposed to her was, "Have you forgotten who Iam, begone!" The gallant O.iford was the next victim to whom she gae the eong6,: and~while he was stil'lsmarting e ith the sting he married another,"and for ir havingdone so without her permission she :e practically divorced him byi making his wife r a maid of the bedchamber. Then came the o comely Arnold, the handsome Tremaine. the fascinating Pickering, the courtly Hatton; t each were in turn petted, coaxed and s caressed until' they finally imagined them selves to be on the eve of certain victory, Sthen without a moment's warning summarily a dismissed. . . :In the meantime Francis II. off France .j had gone the way of all fleshl, and was oucceeded by his son Charles under the ' regency of his iother, the" infamous Catherine de Medici, so she at once cast d her eyes over Europe to find a wife for her son and finally they rested on Elizabeth. Englandt,,was a,next door neighbour, and Swho knowe'ibut she might be able to annex in the little Island to the Valais family estates. She liked the idea and perhaps Elizabeth it might prove plaistic under her hands ; she iliked that idea still better, soshd at 'once se interviewed that knowuing 61d' boy, Sir it Thomas Smith, who was then the English minister at her court. " Has your mistress ~ lighted, her. troth to anyone" asked e- Catherine. "Not 'to' my' kiiowledge," replied Smith. "Do you think she would to entUertain aprop s of:marriage.witlh my re majesty masy be pleased to submit, will receive the most respectful consideration." Being satisfied with the result of her inquiries thus far, she wrote to De Foix, her representative in London, to sound the Queen on the subject. "Vous m Stonmis why he is only fourteen and I am thirty," said the Queen.-! "He willrbe in'the heydayi ,ii of his' inanhood' when' I"ivill"'be' an''old woman." "When Charles is forty, your majesty will stilt be 'the 'mnst beautiful woman .in the realm!, said.the. wily De SeFot th. Elizabeth blushed, nd" oent' her p eyjes on She cearpet. "Besides; costoued De'; d Foix yo onld be abl?tor'mould him into edyour ways, and thus make yourself the ruler of beth countries, for Charles will be so F enraptured witl'your Majesty's incompara. sn bile beauty and sweetness of manner (anotlher e blush), that it will renderhim a wil!ing Sslave to your slightest wish."' 'There was nlso every reaso to believe the union would be bleat with issue. Elizabeth promised to Savbeably" think the matter 'over 'and t Thouiss, asking him "to find out what i rinCatheri'sterms t re w likelyto be. Sohe at once interviewed that lady., "y son," Ssaid she "only desires fonr thing and they are on verys rearsoneable, that Iam sure your 3\. mistress will be pleased 'with them. 1st; a u' perpetual treaty between the two nations; to 2nd, the marriage to to solemnised accord inog to' tie rites of 'theo"Roisn Catholic e Chureh ; 3rd,thechildren.to beof tse same at faith ea the fatbnie 4lth,'Eliunbeih must id reside at the oourt of her husband, her place d to b' fillrd'?iy'a daputy' to tie mutually apePoited by tb. Sir Thomas drily ebervedthat the English had an antipathy 'P to deputies, and might become triublesome. ?'If they did,'? said the ierciless :Cahierin . "we" woulsd' send over'n-'army'i to"ehh them a lesson in loyal obedience." On learning Catherlue's oandittuas, ELtzabeth's ,o oun'll to, a man appsted theonsatch, nor did " it "smell"sweet' wuth b?hBe-- pubha. But re Elizabeth thought otherwise. Perhaps she ht hidmade up her mind'to'servo Chelesc s t, she hod'nesrved 'tha thirbs ,'d' asdo"een 'as msttsapprosshd a crisis, gratify hbr own nnity by humiliating that of the yo?nao : King's. But if such was her intentionaitj was frustrated.; It having come;.to:i Catherine's thtthe Queen of. Poland was/ willing to marry hbr son, she -decided to aet upon the maxim which says, A bird in hand is worth two in the bush ;. particularly as the English bird was such a wary one. So the negotiations came to an end, greatly to Elir?beth's disappointment. However, she was not left lamenting long, for a new aspirant for her fossilised heart appeared on the scene, in the person of the handsome- and accorplished Archduke Charles, the son of Ferdinand I of Germany. Elizabeth win delighted with him; she sung; danced and played tennis with him ; she had. stolen interviews with him; she openly kissed him in public. The young German was eve happier than a boy at the circus. Already in his mind's eye -he was rebuildinghih broken down castle, that adorned his vast 50 acre kingdom. He fancied, too, that he could hear the sweet sounding jingle of, i dear Betscey's goldin his pocket. 'H'was it elysium.. Everybody elieved that4the citadel which had withstood the seige so long,-and had made so many of the -bestg ing heroes bite the dust of bitter disappoint ment, had at last surrended unconditionally' to the gallant Charles. Parliament passed an address asking the Queen to consummate'. the nation happiness by becoming a wife, and a mother in the perspective. Bishops preached sermons on the manifold blessings and joys of edloek. "Things are noti alwvays whatthey scm." ! 1 I So poor Cnarles found out to his cost, when he asked her to. name the day. She became as cold as an icicle, and broke out into a hollow mocking laugh. This sudden change in her manner made Charled feel what the ghost in Hamlet informs the' nielancholly Prince, he could make him feel, did he a tale unfold. Charles entreated, begged, implored, but all to no purpose. Elizabeth was adamant; consequently the clever Duke became the laighing stock of every court in Christendom. ' :, .?. (To be continued.)- - . 