VICTORIA RACING CLUB SPRING MEETING. THE OAKS DAY. The Oaks Day has, so far, been the pleasantest one of the V RC Spring Meeting. The day was not stormy like the Derby bay, nor oppressively warm like that of the Melbourne Cup it was bright and cool The morning was threatening enough to make the prudent take umbrellas to the course but they were not wanted, for the ss.) cleared in the afternoon, and a refreshing southerly breeze tempered the rays of the sun. The attendance was the largest that has been seen on the course on any Oaks Day meeting just as the Cup gathering was larger this year than any other. This shows that the A U.C. Spring Meeting is brewing uniformly in popularity The grandstand gathering was more like that which saw Sheet Anchors victory til in the number in any other part of the course The attendance was still more like the Deri ) gathering in point of numbers, but very much more both mt changes that wintry afternoon, when the ladies had to keep themselves warm and dry m sisters and could not venture out upon the lawn The lawn, which was then so fresh and smooth, and yet so deserted . as now crowded with ladies in summer toilets and the turf was parched and brown Those who were only at the Derby) can hardly) imagine so great a contrast The day was so familiar" that a great many visitors prevent the course, but His 3 Excellence) the < officers and had. Loch were not among the number I he Trains ran expeditiously), and their r! of arranging" for all the traffic was t 6in] apart ely case), for the bill and the line were far from crowded, there was indeed I had leisurely sort of picnic ing enjoyment which is the charm of Oaks Day) I lit re is for once no need to rush for a place to see a race or to get luncheon there is enough of keen excitement and jostling on other days of the meeting, and the quiet sociable ncss of the Oni s which comes between them, is very welcome All went well up to the starting of the last race the A veteran Stakes for which there was a large field The horses as usual at the post, crowded on the in side of the course near the rail After some trouble they were despatched to a flying start The) swept past the grand stand in a close body, and were just commencing to round the turn when there was a stumble in the middle of them, a pull of! dust, a loud cry from the spectators and a crowd of horses were hence to gallop over three others that had fallen. As soon as the last 1 the head had passed kingship was seen galloping riderless and), Doncaster was lying dead in the middle of the track, and Grace Durling was slowly setting up One of the jockeys (look) quickly rose to his feet Ethridge, the rider of Doncaster, was was sitting" against the fence, holding his arm, while Williams, Gnce Durdin,, s jockey . is apparently seriously hurt Hcwas'jmg quite motionless behind Doncaster A crowd of people at once picked the jockey up, and filled Doncaster out of the way of the horses 1 it in the race when they should come round and pass the winning post Drs Fitzgerald OHura Robertson, and turner hastened from the grand stand to attend the injured jockeys in the casualty) room, when it is happily found that none of them were seriously hurt, and after a time they were all able to go home, or to be conveyed an i) in llhauis was the most severely injured. He is suffering from bruises on the pelvis caused by the held galloping over him after trace Darling, who was the first to fall, came down, but he is progressing favourably, and is expected to recover soon The others were badly shaken, and suffered some trifling contusions but nothing more serious. The most trustworthy expl motions as to the cause of the accident state that Grace Darling" rushed ahead so strongly at the start that Av Timms took a pull at her The mare, in checking her speed, touched kingship on the heel, and brought him and Doncaster down Doncaster turned a somersault and falling upon his head brake his neck The accident created a great sensation The race was deprived of nearly all its ni terest, and man took no further notice of it after the horses fell It was a matter of a common comment that the casualty should have so soon followed the loss of life in the Caulfield Cup, as an accident it is the same kind has never been known at Flemington It has sometimes occurred that one horse has fallen in a race, but never more than one, and no person has ever been badly injured in the Caulfield Cup a large field and a desire to obtain the inside running were supposed to have brought about the disaster, but in the present case the mishap appears to have been even less preventable, as not nearly so many) horses were running, and when Grace Darling fell it was too early in the need to make the jockey a run dangerous risks to get the inside running Nor did the accident occur at the turn, for the band had not been reached. There was a slight incline to the left from the end of the straight The two accidents happening 80 closely together may fairly) raise the question as to how far large fields sa) above his teen or sixteen are reasonably safe THE RACING. With seven events on the programme for the afternoon, a start was made punctually. at 1 o'clock Out of a dozen maiden horses on the card, only four went to the post for the first race, Winchester being looked upon as a certainty for the event. The handsome bay was certainly the pick of the four as they stood at the post waiting for the stroke of 1 o'clock and the starter Indeed, none of the four were bid looking horses carrying, a big dark colt, with 'Prahan in the saddle, looked much like racing but Inn performances wire against the supposition that he could make the New Zealander race at the finish Percussion also looked much better than her performance in the race would indicate a mcheater was very excitable at the post, and wanted to gallop the course we without first getting prima men from the starter When they did go there could be no doubt as to which was the 1 latest horse in the straight SS indicated, with his mouth open, was pulling Dewitt out of the saddle Saunders, on Cs crops, made a surprising dash close to the finish, and got his horse's head to Wind lies ters girths just as the latter reached the post isexctothe performance of the winner, this dash by Cyclops was the incident of, the race Outside the fact that Winchester was a strong favourite at odds on him, every one was pleased to see the lion Vwn Robinson win a race as some reward for his bringing some of the best of New Zealand s horses to meet the pick of Australian studs. The race was over the Derby course but even with the improved i condition of the turf and the reduced weights, the time was not nearly so good as that made in the great three) year old race on Saturday). As the size of the inner, St George, is a full brother to Chester, the colt should do some thing better set than winning against maidens The next race that I)mg Stakes, fellow ed 30 horses on the card, but in) interest that it might have had through the meeting of the veterans and babies of the turf was destroyed, for the older horses were struck out almost in a body. When the time came for starting the event was reduced to a battle of light weighted two year olds, over the Newmarket Handicap course. Those who remembered the fine struggle between Mahan, the winner of last years Cup, and Newstead, the Maribyrnong Plate hero, when the latter won, were all of opinion that the heat) weights did well in retiring, as none of them were likely to make a race with such a ii) em as Acme Noone seemed to look for a moment that there was anything in the race but Mr White's fast two year-old, although by way of relief to the monotony of la) ing odds on all the Favourites, an nrcuBionul waRe was made about Blair (.ovvrieandMaddehna. And if appearances indicate speed, the little brown Maribyrnong Plate winner was certainly the most needy of the lot that went to the post. Untorlu match) for backers, there was no chairs or lilla made the filly time time, the best horse were being shut-out by the weights, and during the race -he seemed to go all over the coarse. Half way down the boy was flogging her and the brilliant fill) of Saturday failed ments get a place. The race was won in very fair style b) Blairgowrie, who ran third in the Maribyrnong Plate on Saturday. He is by Vespasian, and loo! a just the sort of colt to ripen into a very dangerous Derby horse by the spring of 1886 Maddehnii was second and Chesham third. The general opinion in the padlock alter the race was that Acme had gone off since Saturday. The time was some sa seconds more than New attend occupied in going over the same ground last year, but on this occasion the race was I run in the face of a good stiff breeze The heat good held at the du. was Ki horses for the Spring Handicap for which event the Adelaide 1 nurse "St John was favourite. The style in which Cerise and Blue has recently run in New South Wales coupled with the fact that the little mare was amongst the leading Cup horses entering upon the third stage of the last mile should have gained her a much stronger support than she received, but she was by no means allowed to run loose This was the first race of the day in which backers were able to get a slight shade of odds against the favourite I cerise and Blue ran up to her best form and won rather easily from the uncertain Velocipede, who seems fated to get no further than a place even when in his best humour the constant Lavington another horse who can hoist an) number but the first one was third The next event-the 1 o)l mari Stakes-was something of a curse) I he competitors were 1 renton, Dunlop Remus trot Chester and Isonomy Three of the horses had a penalty and lent n o is a strong" favourite odds on him home" again demanded by the bookmakers 1 li" first mile if the race was the slowest that has been seen at 1 Kensington for many a day the five horses came down in a blue canter and the price would have disgraced a juvenile riding part, out for ii pill after the joel eyes were all sium" b ill in the s addict holding is if I Isoiiouij particularly objected to the wheel li r torn the 1 from one side of the curse to the other in his efforts to get calle) nig A\ veil at the second mile The p let- quickened but in the straight none of the others could catch J Fenton and for the second time during the meeting Robertson brought the New Zealand horse home the mostcotniort elite of winners Li tore the race it was rumoured in the paddock! that Trenton was very "din after his Cup race. is this was really the east there were no signs of it but in the other- obligingly ran the race to suit him for the two miles was little more than a pleasant as inD '-riders on 1 emu native tree i one of his sudden dash s, for the finish but it a only effective inasmuch as it got him second place Dunlop was third and the two who were exp ered to take the most active part in attempting to sundown the mountain first bester andison he made a poor show and were last the character of the rock may be fairly gauge from the time of his , as compared with the 3m 2yrs of the Cup race over the same ground on Tuesday The AAeL.ht-.oi age Steeplechase the new l lea of the PIG was not a success in the matter of ringing out-field Seven horses v are on the curd and amongst them such fan performers as Lob Cooper Lady Ashton, and Mernder trials have been expected 1 to make a tin- show with the case! Din mark but their owners thought otherwise and all three., erescratt be I theories starters being Dctuuarl 1 ncl etc and Banker Before the rice it was stated that Denmark was not in his best form but the mine had been sail about 1 he Dirt in the Hurdle Race an! act the little house won easily When the crack steep! chaser came out his appear- ance lent some colour to the rumour for both his fore legs were in band ages while his general appearance was that of a horse quite state Still!, with the pair i pressed to him 2 to 1 on the horse was con si ered by no means a cash wager Bunl or who was ridden by) Mr T Watson is a peculiarly) shaped bay who had proved him self gold fencer in the hunting held last season The name of the horse no d not brought to the mm la of man) present the memory of another Banker who earned the same colours to victory our the Flemington country. in years gone by The victory of Denmark was considered such a certainty that many of the ring menu June 1 prohibitive prices in order to discover the mi) di sire to back him. The race was a mist rcm triable affair It the third jump Den in girl who had never before made a miss He over the Flemington course struck the fence and getting rid of his rider galloped right over to the scraping sin Is 11) the time he was caught and remounted the other pair were-; passing the stand but with half a round to the had kilduff! set out on her stern chase driving the horse along at almost top ] ice to in ii e up round To the surprise 11 per) one the house again and fired for at the first of the three fences opposite the st in 1 The lose one. hill we) breasted the fence and came down heavily from time kilduflstucl to the bridle and again remounting continue 1 Ina disheartening journey being lou 11) cheered from all parts of the course in this time Incltett had a lean of half a mile but he fell at the bridge Clune who his already proved himself smart at this work was so quickly on his back a gun that many people thought the li use was never done Baul cr who was about 100 yards 1 claimed him call at the back in the course but Mr Watson was born in the saddle uain 1 ncl ett came home easily but miss taking the course he missed the last fence altogether Banker took the proper course and finished about 100 yards in front of Denmark who got round without an) timber mishap IncI etc was disqualified 1 which as a piece of very) bad luck for his rider , Clune who his already shown himself to be a resolute horseman over fences the race thus went to Banker with Denmark - [after his many troubles second The performance of the latter w is quite disappointing after whatever may be the I refs if it was patent that there really was a se methods, rotten in the state of Den I mark The result on!) allows til it no I steeplechasers a certainly) for in) of the three horses struck out before the start the race must have been a certainty The Oak s came next and although this was regarded as another ' one horse event, all five fillies named on the card went to the post Uralla with sales in the Biddle looked as in the Derby very thin but she still had the best of it as far as appearances went to the eye "v Violet looked the next best and she also had a good horseman in Robertson haired), with Power up was very lively and if atten- tion was taken to anything but Uralla she gained it had) Claudia ridden by O Brien, was thin ragged and apparently not the least dangerous Luttrcsa a very) plain filly, was evidently outclassed the race was simply) a procession Hales took Uralla to the front at the start, and the others could never make her gallop Parody being the closest at the finish with Lady Claudia next and the other pair beaten off As at the A J C meeting at Randwick Mr Whitetookthelrebleweight for age event a record that stands alone in the history of Australian racing for the last race 11 horses were marked in the cat I an 1 in a day of small fields the 21 left in made a most respectable show and amongst them were for the Cup horses Britisher who met Grace Darling upon much better terms than in the of alties Cup was much tunnel and started first favourite When the Agent ron on Cupdns it was I known that he had his plate on and as these were in a rein ne I all he had a good jockey in Flanagan to guide him, the little chesnut was considered to have a good out side show Cerise and Blue alter her j performance in the early pert of the day was also in favour The race was evi lently considered an opening, for a. large number of horses were backed An unfortunate accident which it was first thought would end in the Caulfield Lnp eil unit) on marred early in the race Justins the horses were sweeping in a body round the turn 1) tin stew rails stand Grace Darling" one of the leaders fell and Done enter an 1 Kingship went rolling, over her in the cloud of dust the extent of the accident could not at first be defend ned Loth Grace Darling, and In r rider remained on the ground for a few seconds when the mare lose but Wil lines was carried a win motionless, and the worst was feared Doncaster never stirred after falling. and was killed instant!) His n her was thrown close to the fence, and clung to the rails until the horses had passed but was a good den" shall end cole the n ter of kingship was also a bit injured, but all three jockeys are out much better than was expected and were taken to their homes shortly after the accident W Williams, the rider of Grace Darling, had a wonderful escape, as adobe horses seemed to gallop right over him. The Agent was running close to Grace Darling when she fell, and the horse a experience over hurdles stood him in good stead for with a double loop ho cleared both Grace Darling and the lifeless Don easter Some of the spectators showed a good deal of forethought in at once jumping over the fence and dragging the dead horse to the opposite fence out of the way of the other horses when finishing j he accident was caused by the ruler hugging the fence at the turn too closed) all of them being evidently anxious to get the inside running The same keen news caused a good deal of delay) at the post where Williamson the rider of Welcome Joel was fined 2 for disobeying the starter and being afterwards brought before the stewards he was suspended from riding until the list of December The finish of the race was left to Britisher and Cerise and Blue I at the Ballarat here proved the better of the two and landed the stake Metal being third This finished the racing for the day The following are particulars - MAID! A II III Clio for each with 2 a mile The second horse to receive 50 says, out of the state Yithrhtlor age One mile and a half lion VV Kollnsonsl) o VV of chester (late Man el Ester) b) st Coree Miss Hat J Yrs 7st Dib (Derritt) 1 tin h Henty's b C) crops Jim st. Oil (on ders) 2 Mr J Wh!ttlnghauisbrul.ivvatl yrs st Olli (Trahan) J Hon I Whites li ( Percussion 3 yrs st 4lb (Kills) 0 Uetlinit-2 to 1 on VV li chestnut When the flag fell W Inchcitcr got rather the worst of the start buttholvcvv Zealander went to the front a Uli a H) Fair rush and fed them round towards the river entering upon the long run by the river side \\\Inchcsterhad ahead of four lengths from Pnraau andCrclopi who was gallop! if side by) side some 1 length. gave of Percussion Tha paw was very slow up to the back, and the positions never rains. (or an instant. At the back the pace quickened, Derritt on Winchester evidently cou ordering it much too slow for a horse backed as the New Zealander was. lands, an area C\clop*closed on the leader mother dren toward the turnout itUMonUon sufferance. Permission was. ridden hard by bills as they came round the turn into the straight, but gal Iron in F hard did not mean galloping- fast In tho case of Mr White's filly Winchester came on with his mouth wide open pulling; his car out of the saddle but within Gothard. of the post Sander, roused up Cj chops for a splendid dash and was just on the top ounce - girths when the) passed they o t Farnan was third two lengths away Time -me 5lb THE risING STAKES. 015 boys each with-DO added The second horse to race. 50 says out of the stake Weight for age Three quarters of a mile. Mr D) Cooper's ch u Blairgowrie 2 in., by Vera »ian--Atholl»c Ost. bib (Hanneman) 1 Hon W A. Lontdchf Maddelma, I am, Ost, lib (O Corn and) Mr D Cooper, ch c Chesham, 2 yrs 7st, Gib (U Doust) S Mr A. F Smart's b c Halleur. 2 qr., Oat Club (J Gough) 0 Hon J White's br f Acre, 2 jr., Ost, lib (M Auliffe) 0 Mr M Branch of dull, - yrs st. lb (Tutu lins) 0 Mr L Crosier 8 (just ) br f Get me -it's just lib (Rankin) 0 BctUn,, -J to 1 on view is to 1 ^«tMaddcllna to lay, t Lila round The, favours c in the saddle not only almost is well a any when the word was "hen but Glebe had ab-j..lutc)> the best of the start, Miuidcluia but the rails, and the turn on the outside, lying nearly jet 1 with Acme while Gemini was slowest in leaving the mart Acme was directer the tan just in front of Blairgowrie who is. just clear of Mad incline. At the turn into the straight Army was being, ridden all over the course, and thrown down Blairgowrie passed her At it, was being flog- ed and her defeat was only able the boy being unable to i it the filly out Blair's v one farm alone" and without homes touche!, won by two lengths from J! in detail Chest in bags tin lid tour length, but Army. was aperients littleton next Ul south, and Otmmi last time, Ira Soda. SPRING VAN Dear To start at the minutes to Of Sovs! each with 300 added The second horse to receive fJ som. out of the stake. One tulle and a quartet Mr H 0\cnhaiusbf Cerise and Blue, by Wilber fore. MArthe 4 tra Of 10lb (Gore) Mr W C_i)drouBbrli\Lloutied-, 5yrs, 7st 12lb (Burton) 2 Mr W a silicates br c Lal Int. ton, 4 yrs, 7st (Util) 3 Mr A Hambourg b h St Lawrence, 6_ji"<-,£>st 1 b (Saunders) 6 Hon W A houses or br l Honojdtw, 4^rs,8st 111 (Collie) 0 Mr D S Wallace s his Chuckster, aged, 8st. 5lb (31 O Bri n) 0 Mr G Davis b m Catherine aged BstOlb (Carter) u Mr T G Reid such is The Ghost, aged, oat lb (U williams) 0 Mr C H T Earle br h St John, 5 jr., Sat (Hutchins) 0 Mr I VWn.tmf.hanis the Merrimu, «-yrs.Sst, Iflb (Iralun) 0 Messrs. W and Crooners br g Lantern, 6yrs, 7st life. (quinn) 0 Mr H L Tothillsb (Gratitude, 4 jr., Tut. 10lb. (Shadncl ) 0 Mr J T) Robertson bir Perman, aged. 9st Jib. (Under) a 0 Hon W L Parson s b o Arsenal, 3 yrs, 7st 2lb (brown) 0 Mr h Bates's br m Lesbia, 2 yrs, 7st Hu. (M bowail) 0 Mr 2?. (2 tooth or br f Marie Louise, 4 a Gst 12lb (Hundan) 0 J eating -3 to J açst fat John 6 to 1 aga. Cerise and Ulm, 7 to 1 west Germany is to 1 each arrest I cabin and \t,!oci.Ldc 10 to 1 each aged Lavington and Man - Louise Lavington saved up a good deal at the start, as he stood on the inside with Lesbia and Catherine Gra of pink Was at the extreme outside The start was a b cupful on, and the first to show in the head were U uti ttraud Li\Iut.tati if the latter then left, but gave up the old immediataly to Cam and i the changes better pay id Before they got to the bride as hilton took a most decisive Itad follow the; Otto cycle theatres and Lhutkstor with German last 1 Avington ltd them past the bri use his uearc-itatttn d rate 1 Jim. Cameron of, N elotipedt ChuU Star and v. John while the air in the year were Arsenal 2. I German Approaching to one of the tour Lavington had moved out for a four lengths lead while the two li-,htwti0ht!*, Leslie and Cerise and Blue were running side by sldoncoupli of lengths ahead of the bull of the, field As they went down to the turn In, Cerise and Blue fact I put Lavington and lead it into the straight farm home an easy w liner t a length and a half of from Volotlpede who was ridden out, but could not gallon terms with the Ji_htUcii,ht Lawnton was third three quarters of a length behind 1 Velocipede Berrima was fourth Honeydew Little Catherine St John the Ghost Lantern, St. Lawrence Lesbia and Gratitude followed in that order, with German 1 lab all Uirouati lime, is told. Of 6 ems start) with 60 added The second horse to receive 50 boxes- out of the stake Weight for age Two miles Le nil ties if any not Included Mr D O Brien s be Trenton by Mil-cat-rrailtv 4 Mr flour 8lb including, 5lb penalty) (Robertson) 1 Mr S G cool a ch c during, a joy it (is (Sandow) 2 Mr A Robertson sire Dunlop, 2 rs, 7st. I'll , inches" or a penalty (of over; 3 Mr W Kclsonborbr of 1 but Chester, 3 yrs, 7st bill) intended; Gib penalty (Under) (1 Mr M I and as it c labour, for., st. 5lb , carried "st. Job (Quinn) 0 Httthig-7 to 4 on Trenton, 4 to 1 start first 61 cast r at a 5 to 1 age t Isonomy On the Axis failing; the horses cantered in the very slowest t-tyludown the straight so slow Indeed that Isoiion y was said in all over the course in hlsauxlct\ to get away All the north eastern sitting back in the saddle holding hard and A within. each other A. they taught I j at the stand But stop we had and he 1 half a length furn Trenton who was three lengths-) In a cause of the other three, all side by side come,, up the river side the pace quickened slightly I fit it was jttuiiscraUl} act i same unto the bride's Trenton an t Dunlop were silo Is side then Uaninttrval time this. Chest r and Isonomy with Henri. watching the n In lib less flat-, quickened up a list of more, as the bill of the game was eventually reached At the six furlong: post Dunlop also Acid clear in front as a similar time abattoirs he had a half length lead from Tren ton Here Isonoim mond up third, I r t Chester and Henri ( in" it a list pair Com i x down from the Mall to the turn they raced for the first time. Dunlop I Hut, still in front while Uonoim Great- to him. was just pulling double Dunlop "of fire. into the st ra j, lit hut with the whining post before his. hobart on brought out the _w Zeala 1 in and the others were at case at the ni in £1 O', to the oat butters on Keinus till one of he, had her dishes but this time he failed To a fair Panton who won by a length and a. half It must heath p Dunlop by 1 1 --L or some other honours was active, and large cheese fast time, 4m U ttlklir 100 AGE SIR hmCII b.. Of Sovs each with WO under the second horse to receive (0 her out of the sun c About two miles, an 1 when Mr G Watson's b c Banker and list ISIS t called It is (Mr G Eaton) 3 Mr J Lohtii-b0Donmarl dated, XUt Ulfa (Mr dull) 2 Mr J Cou his Trld cut a ed list 10lb (Clune) C UUUn9 -2 to 1 on Deuniarl, S to 1 out Banker Denmark raced away to the front as usual at the start and had a lead of 15 lengths to the back where to the surprise of everyone, the horse came down and rising galloped away without his. rider Trickett took a Nftj yards long and soon, beat the pair pitted the Stand both j um or the rather awkwardly As they came opposite the Stand Kilduff had remounted Denmark at the back, and with half a round be to, cut them, set out on a de. pt. rate stein case He was making up his "101st 1 rapidly, hut at the tail fin of the ret of tin treble in front of the sand The attain rolled our himself a a in jumped into h ml lie and was loudly cheered us all still south lil i 1111 fruit 11 this time Truck etc had got a lead of about half a mile hut at the jump he too fell hut was quiet in remounted At the back IHnkcr fch 1 it Mr Watson got into the saddle again 1 ne! out cantering on won by a long, distance but as he the id too soon into the st ran. out. and missed the last jump he wasdUoualiflcd, and the race given to Harker, who finished cantering about Go yards in front of Denmark Denmark, with all his mishap got second moi c\ lime, 7in -eyes. His OVkS ST h M Of or 10s each with Cr cows added 300 ore and all tliLfc vcLpstakes for the first horse, no cows (or the s corner kidneys for the third for dear old Illhe- One night an 1 a half Hon F W whites For I of Uralla, I > Chester-Moon stout 8st 10lb (killed) 1 lion in ltir*.oiiab( lands, Sit both (Power; Mr M In.ub- el t Lady Claudia, test. 10lb (O Brien) S Mr S Cii-iticrs br. Burnes. Sgt 101 b (Smith w ills) 0 Mr R G Talbot's b J old, 8st 10lb (Robert son) 0 Betting -2 to 1 on Uralla 5 to 1 each seat Paced; and Lady Claudia Wolf was quiet eat in now m: away but Uralla at once went to the front followed him with a relief, 1.0 l India and Butter.. In order Going along the nur sure the. favourite was about a length and a half in front of Parody, who was a length before I a h Claudia At the "gates of the last animal came I Lt tres-, a length and a hall in advance of a lost morning last At this bridge Uralianas two IciutiiB bandeau butothcrvisc there was no change in the post ion worth mentioning As they came down Four o see the stand on the back stretch Uralla was still finding" by two lengths from Parody, who was the same distance ahead of Lady Claudia t A half lengths further I act came Buttress two lengths in advance of Violet who was last. As they came down to wards the turn line is still held the same lead from Parody who was six lengths when 1 of the others Uralla led them into the -straight and lower on Parody, tried to improve his position here but although Halt s sat quietly on the favourite Inrodv cadd never trouble her and with out but? once started on Uralla ran home the winner by a length. from Parody who was four length. in front of Lord Claud in. violet in! It entries were a hundred yards behind, and beaten off Time, 2m Fair VETERAN STAKES, Of ri sovs each, with "100 added The second nor e to recehe&Qsovs; out of the stake One mile and a half Mr M Loughlin s b or Britisher, by John Bull La la orita aged 7st 10lb (tailor) Mr li O-cnlium/sh f Cerise and Blue 4 yrs Out, his (Gorry) 2 Mr M Jacobs 3 b c Metal, 4 yrs Ct 12lb Redfearn 3 Mr J G Reid's ch m Grace Darling, by rs, Ost lib (Williams) 0 Mr C J Brackenreg a br h Tom Brown, Bird, and 10lb (Gainford) 0 Mr I Idbrow she Welcome Jack, bypass 101 b GA Williamson) 0 Mr A Halinbourg hr 0 Acolyte. 4jrftSst7Ib (banders) 0 Mr It Philips b h Kit Nubbles, 0 Well, that 7lb (Hunt; O M" J J) Robertson's br h Coriolanus aged, 8st I rib MloorO 0 Mr E. W Lilla s ch h LordUilton 6yrs, 8st 4lb (Even) 0 I Hon W Pearson b ' Plausible, 0. in 9st 8lb (Four) 0 Mr it House. (Jua) eli li tting 6 am, T.t.lSlb (Nerriktr) 0 Mr D S Wallace's b Chuckster, aged, 7st 10lb (O Brien) 0 Mr A CiorlcrabrmUubj raced Tit. "lb (Brown) u Mr O H T HartschhahoAfrent.aüed, 7st. 4lb (Hanneman) 0 lion V A Lane a be Comet, and, 7st Six, (Bolt) O Mr M. Bryant's br h Bosworth, street 1st with, carried 7st. 5lb (Riley) O lion ) H late s ch f Tempo 4yrs st with (ERIC) 0 Mr 3 Q Cook ship Anglesey, is an Tst Qlb (Barr) 0 Mr J Major b c ravensworth, 4 Traffic Bill (Gauze.) 0 Mr. T. Jones's br h Doncaster, aged, 7st t,Ethrtd_«.) 0 Mr. J. Whittingham', b h Mentmore, s Era, ist. Hon. W. Pearson's b e'Klngiñlp, yrs, 9st. 8lb. (Poole). 29 Mr. M Kelly's b Genee, 6yrs, 8st (Cox).. and netting; - IN to 10 oust Britisher, 4 to 1 and Cerise and Miles 7 to 1 east Once Darling. 8 to 1 each ast Metal, Mentmore, and The Agent, 10 to 1 each list Plausible and Tempe, 100 to S a»>st Oonolaiiin, 20 to I must study. finished the best position on the Inside, while on the extreme outside Wire Conolalius, chills. and Mentmore Chuckster kicked about amongst the horses, and there was a good deal of delay below! the flat tell for so large a field of horses there) is here went away well together, but an unfortunate accident happened before the horses had not CO v rails on their join nee. Grace Darling near the front fell, and In an instant Doncaster and line-up tumbled over her. Williams, the rider of Grace Darling is earned and) insensible, and apparently badly hurt. Doncaster fell on his lead, 1 rollo his lack, aim was killed instantly, a crowd maiden over the fence to see.' him out of the road before the horses came round again The rider of Doncaster desire to the (ii co until the horse passed, delay he was assisted away. As the field i, one up towards the bride Tom Brown was leading, with haieiuviortli close to him, and Amrlcsci, Plausible, and VI become Jack next to them. Nearing the back Welcome Jack moved up a bit and was mining? in the third place, and passing the abbatoirs Lord Wilton had taken a tour lengths lead from the New Zealand horse, the others he is, hidden in a dense cloud of dust. At the turn in Lord Wilton and Welcome Jack were still at the head of affairs. The Ascot was confined- to than on the outside, while Tempo and Coriolanus, both accepting wide, made a dash at the leaders 1 airl) in the straight Britisher and Cerise and Blue came out together, and the race was between the pair, for a moment the result was uncertain, but at the distance Britisher had the little mare beaten, old galloped home, inning bi a length Mctd his third, (huckster fourth, hit Nubbles filth, Anglesey mill, one- seventh, Tom tooral sightly, The Agent next, and temperate. june, '21 trip 