ITEMS OF NEWS. The Hospital Committee meeting will be held formally this evening, in accordance with the rule, and it will, as a matter of course, he adjourned, as nearly every mem* her of it will he absent at the Ministerial Banquet. Still, it is ncccssary to explain, that unless the meeting were properly con vened, and disposed of in the manner sug gested, a meeting could not well be held for another month, which would be inconvenient for many reasons. As it is, a meeting of the Committee can be held a week hence. Tiie football season was opened on Satur day last by a match between the Mechanics' and Wagga Clubs The first-named team was captained by J. Pike, and the latter by J, Spies. From the commencement of the game the play was very fast, and the Me chanics, who were the superiors, both iu | play and condition, soon succeeded iu work ing the ball down to the Wagga goal, where E. Willinms scored first goal from a difficult angle. On again kicking off, the play was exceedingly lively, principally in the Wagga I territory, and Melrlrum, in trying to relieve | the goal from danger, unfortunately took a ! run with the ball past his owu goal, and when just iu front lost it, giving Ward an . easy chance, of which he took advantage. I After this the play was much more even, | but the splendid back play of Pike prevented Wagga from scoring. At half-time the Mechanics had recorded 2 goals 11 bchiuds, | while the "Wagga men had not scored at all. I During the second half, R. Spring (Me j chanics) and Mitehelmore (Wagga) had each a chance of kicking a goal, but neither was successful, and the only addition to the score I was 2 bchinds to the Mechanics. For the I winners, Ward, Pike, J. Spring, and Evans ! played well, while Wood, Taylor, Spies, and P. Higgius were the most prominent on the , other side. Mr. Gerald O'Byrne, District Inspector of Schools, arrived here at the end of last week, and we learn with pleasure that that gentlemen is likely to make Wagga his head quarters for about a month. At St, John's Church ou last (Trinity) Sutidayjevcning the toxt chosen by the Veu. Archdeacon Potvnall was II. Corinthians, chap. 13, ver. 14, "The grace of the Lord .Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion, of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen." The sermon was a most im pressive one. The authem was" What are these?" (Revelations, chap.7, ver. 13 to 17), by Dr. Stainer, and it was excellently sung by the choir. Believing, as we do, that good sacred music is a great factor iu induc ing a largo attendance at auy church, we would, with all due deference, suggest that as there are some very fine singers in the choir of this church, the solos which have on several occasions recently been so success fully rendered should be continued. Granted, that somo few attend church merely, at first, to "listen to the music," still they attend, and that is a good stage towards their open iug their cars to something else. It is, wc admit, rather late in the season to publish a "snake story," but the abnor mal warmth ot the weather has supplied us with one. On Sundav last, in Edmondson's paddock, on the Albnry-road, a carpet snake, about eight feet long, was killed. The pre 1 vious cold weather had, doubtless, sent the reptile into its usual lethargic state at this time of the year, but the burst of summer 1 weather on the day it was destroyed had evidently deceived the prototype of the crawling thing that, it is written, entangled Eve, and, through her, all the world, into so much hard work aud misery. In* a recent issue wc meutioncd that Mr. Sub-inspector Brennan had received instruc tions to hold himself in readiness to take a number of mounted constables under his command in this district to participate iu the demonstration attending the return of the New South Wales Contingent from JEgypt. Wc now learn that tho members of the forco who will loave hero will be— Senior- constable Cornfoot and Constable Gritiimoud (Wagga), Senior-constable Beden field (UYana), Constables Clair (Junee), Cannon (The Rock), and Nixon (Kyamba). We would remind contractors that the latest time for the reception of tenders for the new Protestant Hall will be on Thursday next, the 4th instant. | Yesterday Sergeant Wharton arrived i here to superintend the laying out of the ! various rifle ranges, and the erection of the butts, for the use of the local Voluutcer I Corps. It will be remembered that when | Captain Cuthcll was here, passing tho men ! into tho ranks, that officer inspected and approved of the site for the proposed butts, and promised that no timo should be lost I in sonding up an oflicor to superintend their crcction, and ho has undoubtedly kept his word. Yesterday afternoon Captain Fitz hardinge, Lieutenant G. Sheppard, and Sergeant Wharton, wore to visit tho grouud, and determine upon the ranges, the sites for the targets (eight in number), the mantlets, and the firing mounds. Yesterday an examination of tho school children at the Superior Public School here was commenced. The infauts* department was examined by Mr. District Inspector O'Bymo, assisted by Mr. Inspector Lawford. The girls' department will be taken imme diately after the examination of the infauta' department is finished, aud lastly the boys' department will be brought under examina tion. A MKETiKti of the Borough Council will be held on Monday, the 4th iuat., at S p.m. This will bo the first meeting of the Council under the amended by»law. The English telegram, which appears iu another column, to tho effect that "Russia definitely accepts the British proposals, &c.;," does not in the slightest degree justify tho statement published last cvemug, that Russia I "has secured Herat." A more ridiculous | statement could hardly be made. Labt evening there was a final meeting of the Ball Committee of the I.O.O.F.,M.U., to complete arrangements for the forth coming ball. There was a large attendance of the brethren, and it was reported that the applications for tickets justified the belief that tiie ball would be a great success. The catering has been entrusted to Mr. E. Spring, and the inauner in which he fulfilled his task at the last annual.ball has given assur ance that he will be not leas successful on the forthcoming occasion. Thk Wagga Wagga Minstrels held a meeting last evening at llcly'a Club House Hotel, when they had a successful rehearsal, and we understand that it is their intention to play in aid of the Wagga Wagga Band on or about the 30th of this month. A meeting of the Committee of the Mur rumbidgee Pastoral and Agricultural Asso ciation was called for last eveuiug, but we are informed that it was in error, and, con* sequently, the meeting did not take place. During the last two or three days soveral gentlemen wc referred to in our last issue, as being interested in some reefing property at Lower Tareutta, have inspected the property, and arc pleased, so far, with the prospects it presents. The party also visited Mr. Beaver's battery, where they intend to crush teu tons of quartz, and the crushing will probably commence to-day. Mr. Beaver, the owner of the battery, has promised to give at any time a trial crushing of not less than 10 tons. Miuing interests in this dis trict are evidently receiving moro attention than they have for a considerable time, aud it is gratifying to learn that the residents in the district are taking them in hand, and consequently will reap the benefit. The new Rangatira Mine, only 30 miles distant, is another example of the faith placed in our local mineral resources by those nearest to them, and best qualified to judge. The mine is reported to be very rich, aud it is solely the property of the Wagga investors. It is now being worked at a 210 feet level, with good stone in view, and this fact alone should induce capitalists to prospect the many abandoned, reefs in the Tareutta district, that hare never been tested below a depth of 50 feet. It is notified in last Friday's Government Gazcltc that<k Mr. George Watt, of Cocket gedong, has been duly elected a director under the Diseases in Sheep Act, for the district of Uraua, vice Thomson, re signed." Ik the insolvent estate of George Alfred Bright, of Narandcra, contractor, a second meeting will be held before the District Commissioner, Wagga, on Tuesday, the 9th June. A mineral lease of GO acres of land, at South Gundagai, ha? been secured by Mr. J. B. Eugelen, for the purpose of quarrying slate. Bishop Barry has written to the press declaring that the statements made and com mented upon in gome of the English news papers that he had directed or advised the clergy of his diocese to repel from communion those who have contracted marriages with their deceased wives' sisters are absolutely without foundation. Mr. J. S, Farnell, the Minister for Lands, who has been unwell for some tim'e, left town on Thursday by traiu for Grong Grong, with the intention of making a stay in the Wagga district. He has in some measure recovered from his attack of illness, and it is hoped that a few weeks' rest and change will re store him to perfect health. The Goulburn Penny Post says:—The trial of the libel case, Andrew H. M'Culloch, M.P., versus the jiroprfetors of the Goota mundra Herald, will be looked forward to with interest, inasmuch as it is almost sure to lead to revelations re tho historic " ery sipelatous" selections. M'Culloch has re peatedly declared that he had no finger in those little games. If he is correct in those declarations, he'll probably pull oiT the whole " thou " he is going for j but there are some times slips betwixt the cup and the lip—and here is one of the awkward things he'll have to explain away ere he's likely to get a unanimous vote of confidence from ail intelli gent jury (if that same's to be had) "Summary of statements rc dummying,— Detective Oftice, Sydney, 23 August, 18S2. Iu March last, Mr. Peak, clerk to Mr. M'Culloch, visited the Liverpool Asylum on several occasions ; he took Collier and Tomp son from the institution ; he told them before engaging them that they would have food, clothing, aud tobacco, and would not be ex pected to work, but would be paid for any work they might do. He booked these two men at the ofiicc of Messrs. Cobb and Co., Sydney, for Colane, and paid the amount, £6 10s., with H. M'Culloch's cheque. . . . . Heury Collier and John Toinpsou selected on the 30th March last, and were accompauied by J. B. Dulhunty, agent, who tendered A. H. M'Culloch's cheque for deposit money, which he says he obtained from the Bauk of New South Wales. Dul hunty paid their expenses at Duhbo, the amount being refunded by Mr. M'Culloch. Mr. Peak, of Sydney, also communicated with Dulhunty, aud asked him to assist the applicants in taking up the selections. . . . . John Miller was booked at the office of Messrs. Cobb and Co., Sydney, ou the 13th March, 18S2, for Coonamble ; by whom not known. He selected on tho 16th March, the deposit money being obtained from the Bank of New South Wales. The selection is on Mr. M'Culloch's run, Marthaguy. Mr. Spollbrth,-manager of Bank of New South Wales at Coonamble, subsequently applied for the pre-lease of Miller's selection. Miller could not describe the land he selected.—W. Camphin, Sub-inspector of Detectives." An* Adelaide contemporary says that "a new township is to be shortly offered at auc tion, and is sure to attract the attention of a number of speculators. It is situated about a quarter of a mile from the New South Wales border, and will be a terminus, at all events for some time to come, of what is genorally called the Silverton railway. The bidding for the most favourably situated blocks is expected to be high, in spite of the com plaints of ' hard times.'" It will be heard (remarks the Anglo New Zealander) with much regret that there is reason to fear that a bou of Charles Dickens, Inspector Jeffrey Dickens, who was the officer in charge of Fort Pitt, in North West Cauada, has been massacred by the Iudians, who captured the outpost a few days beforo General Middleton could relievo it. It is believed that tweuty-five policemen and thirty civilians perished. Wk learu from the Southern Cross that " Mr. W. C. Benton, of Gundagai, met with a Berious accident at Mr. M'Donald's, The Rock Station, on Tuesday last. He was in the act of putting a nose bag on a blood horse when the animal swerved round an4 kicked him on the left arm, breaking it in two places. Had it not been for the protec tion afforded by the arm Mr. Benton must have received the kick ou the side immedi ately over the heart, causing iu all proba bilty instant death. The necessary surgery was performed by Dr. Wright ou Thursday, and tho paticut is progressing very favour ably. A curious incident iu connection with this accident is that Mr. Benton, being im portuned by an ageut, insured in the Acci dent Insurance Company about three weeks ago, and is, under bis policy, entitled to £5 per week so long as He is iucapacitatcd from work." Tiie annual ball of the Junee Lodgo of tho Independent Order of Oddfellows, M.U., will take place on tho 10th June. "Will Honeycomb " in tho Duhbo Z>w patch says 1" I am afraid the Wednesday half-holiday business has come to an end. For some time past it has been pretty ap parent that there was very little cordiality on the part of* the employers. All would like to open, but no one eared to be tho first to bell the cat, or, in plain language, keep down the shutters. It has also been pretty well understood that though the front doors of some stores were closed, thcro wore ac commodating back doors which would be opened on the slightest provocation. How ever, one business mau has sounded tho defiance, and, I suppose, the others will not bo long following his example. It is, after all, a pity that this half holiday is going by the board. The employes of our stores havo longer hours than thoso in other employment. The eight-hour system is unknown to them. Nine or ten hours for five days of tho week and fourteen or fifteen, on Saturday,—that's about their slavery. The half-day in the middle of the week was an agreeable break. If businessmen think this half-day is 41 too much joy,"—if it interferes with trade,— then abolish it, but at the same timo close up at G o'clock on Saturday, There is no reason why people cannot do all their shop ing on Saturday before 0 o'clock. Indeed, I am thinking it would be a good thing all round, if the excuse now offered to young people patrolling the streets, till all hours of a Saturday uight, were takon away." Ihe Goulburn Penny Pout of laat Friday says :—" 'The poor player' loads at best but apoor life, being often subjected to tho vicissitudes of fortune, ami very rarely ex periencing that fickle dame's smile. King's Star Dramatic Company, who have lately been playing in the Oddfellows' Hall, have just met with a slice of ill luck that will go a long way towards convincing any who may doubt the truth contained in the above sentence. Tho company played 'The Shntughran ' on Wednesday, and prior to the rising of the curtain, Mr. W. H. Man ning, one of the troupe, informed the audience (a limited one) of a great disaster that had befallen hitnsolf and fellow-actors that morning, viz., the sudden departure of the manager, Mr. King. The speaker stated the company had not been paid their salaries for the last week, and added that some of the members were much in need of the money. The proceeds of last night's performance were devoted to these ill-used , Thespians, whose plight entitles them to the sympathy of all. As usual, the printers 'suffer,'" 1 We learn from the Gandagai Herald that "a meeting of the electors of Gundagai, convened by Mr. W. J. Watson, of Young, was held in the Assembly Hall last Thurs , y. n,'6'lfc' Walker occupied the chair, and there were about 100 persons pre sent. Mr. \V. J. Watson stated that he jvas there to explain that the reaaon for his brother James' absence was on account of the illness of his wife, and for the same I reason he had goiio to England, but had left his resignation in his (\V. J. Watson's) hands, and ho came there uoiv to take the advice of the friends and supporters of Mr. James Watson as to whether he should at once send the resignation to the Speaker or retain it until the next general election. After Mr. Watson's address Mr. W. H, Smith, Yammatrce, proposed, and Mr. H. Jenkins, Yammatrce, seconded thu follow ing resolucion :—' That the resignation of Mr. Watson is not desirable, and that it is to be regretted there should be any cause for sending it in.' On being put to the meeting twenty-five persons voted for it, I and none against. The meeting then ter [ minated with a vote of thanks to tho chair man. During the proceeedings Mr. W. J. Watson incidentally mentioned that he had received a cablegram that day from his brother stating that lie liad just landed in England all well." Referihno to rinking, a late English paper brings tho good news that a mechani cal genius has come to the rescue, and in vented a cushion with a spiral spring to be worn by skaters where it will do the most good. W hen a skater who wears ona of theBO contrivances sits down unexpectedly, the spring throws him right on his feet again before he is aware that there has been an ac cident. And as the present stylo of female dress aptly favours the concealment of tho article in question it will doubtless be as welcome to ladies as to gentlemen, and rink ing will henceforward be more freely in dulged in. Bishop Barry refused to bccome a vice president of the Local Option League because the league could not see its way to undertake that publicans should be compensated for loss of vested interests in the event of prohi bition being sanctioned by Parliament. This shows the liking of the Bishop for fair play. Wb learn from the Southern Cros3 that "anew Oddfellows5 Lodge under the Inde pendent Order will be formally opened in •lunee on the 3rd June, Sixty-four members have already been enrolled." Tile Cootamvndm Herald says r "A specimen of quarts, very fairly besprinkled with fine gold, was shown in town this week, said to have been found 12 miles out between H.1 e. Tcmora, We believe it was broken off the outcrop of one of the reefs well known m the neighbourhood of Bute Park (Mr. A. Jiuiery a). The publication of the fact may induce some experts to again try this lo cality," The Australasian says " We have re marked that the suggestion has been two or three times made that the Australian colonies should share tho expenses incurred in de spatching the New South Wales Contingent. Iherc is 110 reason to question the frieudlr feelings which dictate the suggestion, but we are at the same time satisfied that it should at once he dropped. It would cer tainly not be accepted, and the 4,No, no," with which the recent speech at Sydney of a travelling Victorian politician who broached this suggestion was received by the company only expressed what the Government and the whole colony, without question, say on the subject. The expense, no doubt, may £rea'> but it will not be more than is quite within the power of the colony to bearr After all, wo must remember that the cost is only a part of the contribution of New South Wales. Hers, also, arc the happy inspiration, the patriotic impulse, tho prompt vigour of action, and the skilful execution of the idea. The result has been a brilliant success, and to offer now to share the^ money cost too much resembles the desire to buy into a doubtful enterprise after it has ceased to be doubtful, and has, by good management, been made eminently prosperous. It is alleged that inasmuch as Australia as a whole gets the credit and shares the advantage of Mr. Dallcy's act, it should also share the expeuse. But we are satisfied that the sister colony does not grudgo ns any reflected benefit we may derive from her fortunate and patriotic rally to the standards of tho Empire. By all means leave things as they are. Leave New South Wales to complete her gallant act, to bear the undivided sacrifices and costs it imposes, to gather tho whole of its glory, and if, over and above, we come in for some of its material benefits, we may for them remain her grateful debtor." The Goulburn Argus says " Mr. George otevvarc, an eugineer in tho locomotive do partment of the railway, bus, after a series of experiments, successfully brought Into use a hydraulic signal, which will supersede the present mode of signal for long distances. •Vt vr y signal communicating with North Goulburn was completed aud put into actual work. Tho process of working may be described thus:—Pipes have been laid to North Goulburn, a distanco of one and three (juarters of a milo ; these are con nected with a hydraulic ram at the bouth Goulburn station ; and by two or three turns of a crank tho pump brings down or raises the arm at North Goulburn, tho time occupied being only three seconds. Placed m a case alongside of tho pumping gear is a repeater, which indicates when the ar.'P,18 ,UP down at tho station connected with tho stgnal. There is also a pressuro guage attached to the pump, which showed a pressure of CO lbs. to the square inch when the signal was worked on Friday afternoon. Ihe siguols between the two stations uudor notice wero formerly worked by means of wire rope; but tho system of hydraulic force is far superior, occupies much less time, aud any person that can turn the pump may do the work. Mr. Stewart has erected several of these hydraulic signals on tho Bathurst liue, and must be congratulated on the highly satisfactory results achieved." [Mr. Stewart is a brother of tho gallant Colonel of that name who was killed in tho Soudan] A telegram from Sydney says : "A number of the vignerons of the colony ap pears to bo under an impression that there is very little phylloxera in New South Wales, except in old and neglected vineyards, but they are of opiniou that tho undoubted ex isteiice of the pest in tho Camden district calls for au exhaustive inquiry under tho direction of the Government. Thero is too much reason to fear that phylloxera is to be met with in some of tho Murray vineyards, but its existence in tho northern parts of the colony is as yet doubtful, though a leading proprietor in tho Hunter district has re quested an inspection of his vinoyard in tho •elief that it is slightly affectcd. Mr. Chas. Moore, of the Botanic Gardens, has been contemplating an inspection of the vineyard in question, but at the request of Mr. J. P. Burns, M.L.A., it has been decided by tile Colonial Secretary that Mr. Moore shall, on his return from Melbourne, extend the in vestigation to a general inspection of tho ■vineyards in the Hunter district, and furnish a report thereon." Wb learn from a London paper that an lngomous . individual has calculated that during the course of cvory year railway ser vants get no less than £300,000 in tips from the public. He assorts, moreover, that tho amount is rather over than uuder estimated. Nearly the whole of the sum goes to swell the shareholders dividends, for porters na turally accept lower wages than they would bo satisfied with wero tho tipping system abolished. It is a matter, therefore, for railway passengers to consider whether they would not bo well advised to give up tip piug, and thus forco railway companies to PK.thpip servants properly, oven at tho risk oj diminished earnings. Mr, Crighktt Walker, the principal under secretary, is seriously unwell, aud unable to attend to his official duties. Wb (Aicsrafafiian) were in hopes that wo had heard tho last, so far as the Australian colonies are concerned, of that cuterprising female the deceased wife's sister. But it would seem that she has no sooner got rid of one grievance than alio is encountered by another. She has surmounted the opposition ottered by the State to her blameless desire of affording solace aud consolation to the bereaved widower; and now it appears she finds a still more relentless enemy in the church. Tho order attributed to Bishop Hurry, of Sydney, that his clergy should re fuse the privileges of communion with tho church to persons who have contracted such marriage*, has excited some discussion in England, and it is stated thero that a New Zealand bishop, Dr. Suter, of Nelson, takes the opposite side of the controversy.* and atfirms that three other Australian bishops take the sanio view. Some years ago, the late Archbishop Tait thought it necessary to warn University students of the danger to their faith incurred from close academic contact with the educated Hindoos who are flocking to the universities, while, about tho same time, Bishop Temple, of Exetor, in one of his visitation charges to his clergy, made it appear that the most formidable danger the church had to encounter was the terrible deceased wife's sister. More recently an English bishop ib reported to have said that he would prefer to hear that an invading army had landed in England than that the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill had passed Par liament. Oue must be a bishop to enjoy the privilege of uttering such foolish things as tlua with impunity. But what chaos and anarchy iu episcopal opinion on this momen tons subject all this seems to indicate. And how odd it is that when belief in the reality of a persoual principle of evil seems to bo retiring into the mental background of even the most orthodox, so many cultivated and worthy people should be disposed to see this principle iucarnated in the form of that gentle, pathetic, consolatory, and tenderly domestic yonug person, the deceased wife's sister." In the report of the sittings of the Water Conservation Commisiioa at Narrabri and Gunnedah, we read how one squatter has put down and watered 40 acres, and said immediately, "Prepare me 400 more" ; how another is contemplating to irrigate 2300 acres : and yet another says ho can see his way to storing 3000 or 4000 tons of fodder every year. If the big statesmen and the big capitalists would but conspire together to make the best of it, how that life pastoral might leap out of its fetters aud its groaus. Dam the l ivers ; hold the floods ; pump up the underground seas. Thf. London Time* of Wednesday, April 15, says" Previously to the passing of the redistribution scheme the Conservative party had adopted Lord Ernest Hamilton aud Mr. .T. Henniker Heaton as their candi dates at the next election for Canterbury. Having regard to the fact that the represen tation of the city is now reduced to oue member, and taking into consideration tho arduous military duties of Lord Ernest Hamilton, the leaders of the party have re solved to adopt Mr. .J. Henniker Heaton as their candidate. Mr. Heaton is well known as an Australian colonist." Much surprise has been caused in reli gious circles in this colony, as well as in New South Wales (says the Age), by tke sudden and altogether unlooked for disap pearance from Syduey of the lay manager of the Church of England Record* a clerical journal published in that city, having also a large circulation in Victoria. The gentleman who has thus mysteriously vanished from sight was appointed about two years ago. He received a fair salary, and, producing ! excellent home credentials, was received into good society. He had the sole control of the finaucial department of the journal, and un limited conhdeuce was reposed in him by the two clergymen with whom lie was associated in the management of the paper. He was, moreover, warden at the church at Pyrmont, and a Sunday School teacher of exemplary habits. Very recently, however, one day i he was found missing, together with quite a considerable sum. Inspector Kennedy, of the Victorian detective office, has beeu com municated with in the hope of the mystery being unravelled by his assistance. The I warrant issued for the defaulter's arrest | charges him with stealing a cheque for £9 10s. 3d., the property of tho proprietors of the Church of England Record. He ia described as a young mau 22 ycara of age. 