THE NEWMARKET HANDICAP ABD AUSTRALIAN COP. Br Amps. With utile or nothing to choose between Malgji and 'Commotion over, a distance, it hardly looks like scientific handicapping to commence a six- fariong race with the former and a two miles and a quarter race with the other at the eame weight Surely it is a far harder task to cariy a big weight over twomileaaild aqoarterthan six furlongs, and this being so, Majna, tfa® top weight in V appears to be than Commotion t.tijeituaeimpoflt. Malua won last year very easily with 8s171b upon his back, and with a stone mor® P carried off the Boucke Handicap even easier. Weight seems to have biit iittle effect unon Mr. Ineliss brilliant horse, and e\en with the steadier of 10st 41b., ^u W he etar ^ he will ran up the straight m front of most ot those that oppose him. In BO short adistanos weight has not much eflect upon a good one. Last vear Le Grand as a three year old earned 8st iOlb. and ran second to Malua m the Newmarket Handicap. Now he receives 81b. from the son of St Albans, and thua meete him upon 131b. better terms, winch should bring them together. I'm fflad to say that Mr. Wallace's horse is apparently al| right again, and doing good work at Flemmjrton. Welcome Jack is the undisputed champion ot New Zealand, as goad a horse bir Modred, and consequently is well euongh treated at 9st 71b., but I doubt very much if Colstonn is within 3lb. of him. Hurricane is brilliant enough to carry 9st in such company, and so is Archie, who is well treated at Sat 131b. The latter, as a two and three year old, was one of the greatest colts I ever saw over a short distance, and u Mr. Forrester will only let bim run a bit above himself he will race up the \ .RO. straight at such a pace that few will be able to live with him. Mozart has shown that speed is his forte, but I doubt if he can Rive a year to Archie. Three year olds can, how ever, do great things at the end of the season, and Mr. Barnard evidently thinks he is the best engaged, for he has called upon him to give a performer like Garfield a couple of Sounds. The latter has not appeared in public since he performed so well as a two year old, but there is nothing to prove that he has lost any of his pace, and therefore he should be marked dangerous. Chucksters best Per formance last season was in the Stanaisn Plate, in which he carried 8st 81b., Md beat Napier, 8st, and Fryingpan, 9st 51b. With this in my mind's eye I don tconsider_ him harshly treated by Mr. Barnard at 8st 121a, and Irralee has shown such, form over snort courses that 8st 111b. does not look too much for him. Warwick at 8st 101b. strikes me as one of the good things of the handicap. Here we have a colt that was one of the very best of his time as a two year old, and now at four, with 8st 101b., he should have something to say at the finish ol the Newmarket Mr. Forrester has had con siderable trouble with the colt since he injured his shoulder, but that he hasn t lost form we had ocular demonstration on the training ground at Flemington in the spring. Boolka is another that once was considered & brilliant star of the turf, and it the injury he met with a short time ago at Flemington has not thrown him back, he may carry Mr. S. Miller's jacket into a prominent position. I know good judges who regard Battailous as one of the fastest horses m New South Wales; he is certainly one of the best-look ing, and with 8st 91b. he should run a merry six furlongs. One of the most leniently treated horses in the race is Soldier Boy, who carried 8st 111b. when he won the Bourke Handicap, and now has 21b. less. Ned o the Hills hasn't done much since he won the Adelaide Birthday Cap for Mr. M. Jacobs, but his time may come again, albeit I think there are several that can beat him in the Newmarket Handicap. Sir Garnet, a full brother to the Mel bourne Cup winner, The Assjrian, pos sesses many of the characteristics of hiB distinguished relative, a brilliant torn , of speed being one of them, and u Mr. M'Donald has him fit on the day, he may re pay Mr. Bamfield for his numerous disap pointments. Royal Irishman has pace enough | tor such a contest, but his heart is not in the ( 1 right place, and I may say the same of Countryman, one of the most brilliant horses of the day in private, but a most uncertain yokel in public. Blink Bonny is fairly well m at 8st 51b., though I don't forget that at the Tasmanian Turf Club meeting last year Meander gave her 51b. and beat her over the distance. Vately has olten displayed a rare torn of speed both at Flemington and Kandwick, and at 8st 51b. he Bhould give his backers a good run for their money. Coningsby is another smart horse over the course, and at 8st 51b. is fairly well in, but he is such a fractious animal at the post that he may ruin his chance by losing ground when the flag falls. Prometheus once gave promise of ripening into a good horse, but _ a strong 1 gallop upon a severe attack of influenza seemed to settle him altogether, and though Mr. Whittingham gave a big price for him, he has not yet np to the present time regained any of the purchase money. Mr. Crooke attempted to train him, but he went all to pieces, and finding that it was useless to persevere with him he was thrown out of work. After wintering at Bacchus Marsh under the fosterine care of Mr. Bowzer, he was taken in hand by Mr. Crooke, and is now in work at Mordialloc, where he has been doing fairly well, though his custodian informs me that now and then he Bhows the effects of the ailment that affected him early in the spring of 1883. I saw him a short time ago, and he was then full of flesh and above himself, BO that Mr. Crooke will have his work cut out to get him cherry ripe by the first day of the V.R.C. autumn meeting. Dirk Hatteraick was a brilliant two year old, but didn't maintain his cbaracteras a three, though if his present trainer can get him back to his two-year-old form he will show most of them the way to theJudge's box. The erratic Ironmaster is handicapped leniently enough at 8st 51b., for with his extraordinary power weight is no object to him, but he will only gallop when he pleases, and therefore one doesn't care to trust him. Fit and in the humour, I think he could win, and if Mr. Con nolly can'convert him from a rogue into an honest animal, we shall have the pleasure of seeing one of the speediest horses in Aus tralia. Sometimes, when he takes it into his head to extend himself, he fairly electrifies his trainer by galloping a mile in wonderful tiftio. On the following day probably he will sulk, and a donkey could beat him; in fact, he occasionally amuses himself by refusing to go at all, and all the persuasion or physical force that can be brought to bear npon him hasn't the slightest effect Helene, most brilliant of fillies, has a nice racing weight 8st 51b. Here is another animal that I should like to see big and full of muscle I've a vivid recollection of her galloping powers as a two year old, and her running at, the spring meeting of the V.R.C. waB satis factory proof that she had not lost her pace. Descending from one of -the greatest of Australian families on the dam's side, it is no wonder that she inherits wonderful speed, which will probably enable her to play an important part in tne Newmarket Handicap. Meteor and Middlemarch, at 8at 41b. each, are fairly well in, and if Duenna re tains her speed, 8st 31b. Bhould not be too much for her. Anglesey's antecedents are sufficiently good to warrant one in marking ! him " dangerous," but I don't know enough of Kocket to venture an opinion respecting his prospects. Topaz, however, has been a good performer in South Australia, and on hiB beBt form he looks well handicapped at 8st Since The Ghost ran so well at Caulfield the great expectations of bis friendB have in deed been visio^wy. I hope he may prove «. BttbBteatial abost &ifl; ****** owner, who is a good sportsman. The course is not, perhaps, quite lone enough tor Little Sister, but it should suit Meander to an inch. I saw him carry 9st 61b., and run the six furlongs over an uphill course in las mama in lm. 193. Now with nearly 2st. on his back he should break lm. lGs., providing that the weather is fine, and there is no wina blowing down the straight He belongs to one of the good old families represented in the stud of Mr. John Field, and it is one 01 the most distinguished lines, for while his sire is an imported Voltigeur horse, his dam Black Bess is by Peter Wilkins from Merry Maid, by Jersey from Diana, by l'eter Fin from Curiositv, by Buffalo from Edella. Now, Malua's dam Edella is by Peter Wilkins from Resistance, by Bay Middletou (son of Jersey; from Diana, by Peter Fin from Curiosity, by Buffalo irom Edella, so that the two mares are nearly full sisters, and Meanders ex cellence is fully accounted for. As a two year old King of the Gipsies gained two winning brackets, carrying 8st and winning the Flemington Stakes at the V.R.C. Bpring meeting, and afterwards the Sires' Produce Stakes at the S. A. J. C. autumn meeting. At the sale of Sir Thomas Elder's stud he was purchased by Mr. J. O. Inglis, one of the shrewdest judges we have, and. under the watchful eye of the astute Brighton trainer he will Bome day be made fit enough to recompense his owner. King's Own was a smart two year old early in the season, but went wrong subsequently. If him self, he should be hard to beat at 7st. 121b. i though Napier would be my absolute selection if he could be brought back to the form he displayed in the Standish Plate of 1884. On that day he carried 8st, and oueht to have won. Now as a four year old he .has 21b. less, and if Mr. Lang is for tunate enough to have him in his best trim, the prize may go to his stable. The Jewel is taife-pH of amongst New South Welshmen as a real good horse, and his owner therefore cannot complain of 7st 111b., a weight which Anchorite should be able to carry without much difficulty. I've an idea that this colt Iim brilliant pace^ and being built like a weight-carrier, the impost allotted him should not frighten his new owner, who, however, complains that he carried under 7st. in the Melbourne Cup and failed to get a place. Upon that occasion, however, he wasn't any thing like fit, a disadvantage which he is not likely to labour under when Mk J. D. i Robertson pronounces him well enough to justify his owner in putting down the pieces. Minerva did good Bervice for Mr. Bowler at the Wagga meeting, and with 7st. 111b. Bhe should give a good account of herself. So, too, should Silver King, if he be the colt I've heard Mr. James Wilson the elder pronounce him. Umberto, Mistake, Claptrap, and Zeno are all boxed np at 7st 91b. each, and the best of the quartette may run into a place. Then come Pailleroo, Lord Wilton, Surprise, and Amelia Victoria at 7st 81b. each, and I take the mare to have the advantage. Sheet Anchor, under Mr. Thomas Wilson's charge, has, I believe, improved of late, and I don't see why he should not have a show at 7st. 71b. I remember when Bis Bis was a two year old, previous to the nursery handicap she won at Flemington, an admirer of hers told me that she was the fastest animal that South Australia ever possessed, and the style in which she won justified him in entertain ing so exalted an opinion. Now we have her as a four year old handicapped at 7st 71b., a weight that should not trouble her much, and if i' the vein on the day the prize may go to South Australia. I don't know that Too Too has ever done anything to entitle her to the same weight, though she is undoubtedly a fast filly, and one of the best-looking mares in training. Salvo, who has been transferred from Cripps's stable to that of Fonlsham, is very well in at 7st 71b. As a two year old he won the Hopeful Stakes very easily, but he subsequently showed Bigns of temper, and I think it was for this reason that his owner disposed of him. He ran very well at Moonee Valley, but there he was a bit fractious. The balmy breezes of Brighton may have a soothing in fluence upon the excitable son of Somnus, and if they do, then he will carry his flag promi nently in some great race ere the season closes. Chloe is full sister to Middlemarch, and therefore entitled to some respect, albeit she has done nothing yet in public. The' Andes is another occupant of Foulsham's stable, which is rich in the possession of i speedy horses, and if a majority of them start he will be embarrassed to know which is the best of them. Achilles, who is the property of Mr. J. 0. Inglis, may also receive the finishing touch at Brighton, where Paganini also is located; and at one time the latter was spoken of as a second Malua. which report must be taken cum grano. Still he belongs to an excellent family, and when the money goes on legitimately in his favour it may be well to follow suit His trainer, like the horse's namesake, will, perhaps, content himself by playing upon one string for this occasion, and that one string may not be the great fiddler. Sarabanda is said to be a speedy gentleman, and I know Scaramouche to be one of the same kind, so that they are not badly off at 7sfc. 61b. and 7st 51b. re spectively. Carbuncle has yet to gain fame in public, albeit he is a promising colt in pri vate. If The Broker were The Broker of! old I should fancy his chance, for as a two yeap old, when himself, he was a real good one, about the same class as Bargo, who would have been handicapped at about 8st 91b. or 8st 101b. if he were engaged. Sirocco is another three year old for whom I have a liking, and at 7st 41b. he may prove the best of Foulsham's powerful team. From 7st 41b. down to 7st I like nothing better than Alphabet, who ran so well at Fleming ton a short time ago. Velocipede is the Queensland visitor, and some of his friends aver that he can fly, bat if he can, probably therewillbesomething found capableofcatch inghitn. Lavingtonisa very fast colt, and if he gets well awaylie will ran the sixlarlongs in something like lm. 16s. I hew good accounts of Town -Moor, whose namg has also been mentioned in connexion with Foulsham's stable, bat I'm not certain that he has yet enteral the portals thereof. Coronet, the very good-looking horse that Mr. Robertson purchased with Anchorite, is another of the Field breed, and if be has any pretensions to be-considered a racehorse, he should win with 7st Xantippe is a smart filly, and if she should carry her 6st 121b. to victoiy nobody will begrudge Mr. Whittingham his third victory in the Newmarket Handicap seeing that Fortune has frowned upon him for a considerable time. Manfred is a smart colt, and is well in at 6st 131b.. and Prince Imperial reads well enough at fist. 121b. Great expectations have been formed of Bohemian, who by many is considered the little pea of the Caulfield division. It is just possible that he may be. Berkeley Hannibal, and Surrey are all smart, and if the last-named retains his form he will a deal of beating. Premature iB the aptly, named colt who was sent into this world be fore his time, the 1st of August, and though only actually a two rear old be reckons three . hence the name, which is one of the best that could have been chosen for him. A good looking colt with an excellent pedineel. he «&ouWTbe; towd to teat at 6flHig , evea' though he is so youthful. Kingship I re member as a fast two year old, but no stayer, though this faculty may have grown witti him, and if it has the Hon. W. Pearson may annex the big handicap of the first day. At the present time Bonnie Scotland is the fastest horse in Tasmania, a great raking cliesnut son of St. Albans and one of Mr. John Field's mares. On the score of breed ing, therefore, he is entitled to respect, and as he can gallop it only requires condition lor liini to prove that there are other good horses in the island colony. His relative Bonnie Dundee is by St, Albans from Bella, who ran well in one of our Champion Races, but requires time to mature, albeit he may be ripe enough for a six-iur longs spin. His starting for the Newmarket Handicap will all depend upon his form at the coming Tasmanian meetings. His Wor ship,by Warlike from Azalea, reads like a well bred one, and if he be as good as his naif brother Ad Valorem, there will be no neces sity to look further for the winner. Waverley, another of the St. Albans tribe, ib marvel lously well handicapped at 6st 51b., and BO is Westbury at the same weight Marie Louise has no right to concede a pound to Leporello, who is one of the most leniently-treated horses in the race, and of the others, RebuB looks best in. To sum up, then, I think the winner will come from the following: Malua, Le Grand, Archie, Warwick, Bat tailous, Soldier Boy, Coningsby, Ironmaster, Helene, Meander, Anchorite, Bis Bis, Salvo, Sirocco, Alphabet, Coronet, Xantippet Prince Imperial, Bohemian, Kingship, Bonnie Scot land, and Rebus. It is too much, I think, to ask Commotion to carry lOst 41b. in the Australian Cup, and with the Champion Stakes in view, if he were mine I should never ask him to undertake BO Herculean a task. Remembering how Le Grand defeated him in the Champion Stakes, I don't see why he should be called upon to give his conqueror 121b. I don't think he can do it, nor can he beat Coriolanus at a I difference of 2st all but a pound. He is, however, a great horse, and it is possible that even with this great weight he may run I into a place. Le Grand is just as good a weight-carrier as the son of Panic, and if he be thoroughly wound he mil again jirove himself a great horse. . Welcome Jack will be more at home, perhaps, over two miles and a quarter than six furlongs, and should carry his 9st 61b. into a forward position. The < Plunger is in at 9st lib., not an ounce too much for so good a horse, for though he failed to obtain a situation in the Mel bourne Cup. be showed to such advan tage that Mr. Barnard would not have been justified in letting him off lighter. Guesswork, who ran Commotion to the shortest of heads in the Champion Race of 1883, has been allotted 8st 121b., and if he be the Guesswork of old he maymake a bold bid for victory. Off Colour is one of the best treated horses in the handicap. In his time he has beaten both Malua and Commotion at weight for age, and I see no reason why he Bhould not do so again. At the last spring meeting of the V.R.C. it was admitted that he was dead amiss, and when the fight he made with Le Grand for champion honours is remembered, he seems to be most leniently treated. Sardius is well in if he be in form, and Coriolanus, at 8st 51b., reads like one of the good things of the handicap. Hitherto this 8ea8on he has done nothing of conse quence, the courses selected for him not being far enough, and I doubt if he has been thoroughly wound up. For this event, how ever, Jones will, no doubt, endeavour to put the real Caul field polish upon him, and as the penalty for winning the Hobart Cup is only 31b., it is quite likely that the son of Tubal Cain will cross the Straits to contest the rich prize of our neighbours. Chuckster I don't fancy over the distance, but Madcap moves as if she could stay any distance, and bearing in mind how well she ran in the Midsummer Handicap, I cannot regard her as one of the badly-treated di vision. Warwick has a nice racing weight. 8st 31b., and, if be be sent to the post fit and well, he will give a good account of himself. Colstoun has yet to prove that he can stay, i and so has Garfield. Rufus concedes a couple ! of pounds to David, and at the weights I pre fer the latter, though Mr. Davis has his heart set upon the St Leger and Champion Stakes, and he may reserve his colt for these events. Sir Garnet is built so much like hiB brother The Assyrian that staying should be his game, and Kit Nubbles being one of the most improving horses in the country, he should have a show at 7st 111b. Hilltop is let off lightly enough, and, if Rinzwood can stay on the flat as he can over hurdles, he might land the stake for Mr. Norman Wilson, his impost of 7st 81b. being nothing to bo capable a weight-carrier. Hitherto Precious Stone has displayed a good turn of speed, but he has never 6hown a dis position to stay, and on .previous form he couldn't win an Australian Clip with 6st 81b. upon his back. Dirk Hatterai rk I don't care for oyer so long a course, rifcd King's Own and Silver King will have to prove that they are all right ere I can recommend them to favourable _ consideration. I much prefer Prime Minister, who is doing bo well in Mor rison's hands, and as he shapes like a stayer, it is possible that he may prove the best of the three year olds engaged. I have no fancy for Prometheus "over so long a course, and away down among the lighter weights Wal langra, Despot, Bonnie Dundee, Prince Im perial, Coronet, Acolyte, Minerva, and Storno way all appear to be leniently treated, and the best of them may overthrow the top weights; yet I'm sceptical To conclude, if Commotion should start he will probably run into a place, for he is a great racehorse, and will be ridden out, but I think he will be beaten, and those most likely to effect his overthrow are Off Colour, Coriolanus, War wick, and Le Grand. 