DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From our own Correspondent.) The arrangements for the celebration of the great Feast of Corpus Christi were announced in the Pro-cathedral on Sunday last Mass will be celebrated in St. Kilian's at seven and eight o'clock. Solemn High Mass will commence at eleven o'clock, after which there will be a procession of the Most Holy Sacrament, in which the members of the Society of the Boyhood of our Lord Jesus Christ and the other religious confraternities connected with the Pro-cathedral will take part. Vespers will be celebrated at 7 p.m. DB. SEVILLE AT BENALLA. The Right Rev. Dr. Reville, O.S.A., Bishop of Ceram and coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst, visited St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church on Sunday, 30th May (says the Benalla Ensign), and administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to about 120 young people. The church was literally packed, there being many persons of other denominations present, and numbers occupied improvised seats down the centre of the aisle, whilst others remained standing throughout the proceedings. At eleven o'clock fifty eight young ladies, prettily attired in white dresses, tastefully trimmed with blue, with ahead dress consisting of an artificial floral wreath, from which was suspended a veil of tulle, marched in procession to seats provided for them near the alter. They were immediately followed by sixty youths, the majority of whom wore blue sashes. The boys were seated on the right of the aisle and the girls on the left, affording a very pleasing spectacle. Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Fr. Carolan. Farmer's Mass in B Flat was chosen, the soloists being Miss Hanlon, Miss Ada Hanlon, Mr. J. O'Halloran, and Mr. B. Smyth. The chorus parts were admirably balanced, and the duet opening Agnes Dei was beautifully rendered by the Misses Hanlon. The soprano solos of the same work were given in excellent voice and cultivated taste by Miss Hanlon. After Mass the Bishop preached an eloquent and impressive sermon on the words, "And Jesus coming, spake to them saying: All power is given to me in heaven and in earth. Go, therefore, teach ye all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you always, even to the consummation of the world." At the conclusion of the sermon the children were presented for confirmation. His lordship, before confirming, addressed them in an earnest and affectionate manner, telling them that by this sacrament they would receive graces and gifts from God that would make them stronger and better Christians. In examining the children he was pleased to find them very well prepared. They had a good school in Benalla, which was conducted admirably, and parents should attach great importance to the instillation of the Christian doctrines into their children. The confirmation was then proceeded with, Fr. Carolan assisting, and Mr. O'Connell and Miss Hanlon acting as sponsors, after which his lordship congratulated the children, and counselled them to pray assiduously morning and evening, and be better boys and girls. Mr. D. C. M'Carthy O'Leary presented handsomely-bound and illuminated address to his lordship on behalf of the congregation. It read as follows:— May it Please Your Lordship.—We, your people of the Benalla district, beg leave on this your first official visit to offer you our warm congratulations on your elevation to the high dignity of the Episcopate; We wish your lordship many years of health and strength to enable you to guide by you wisdom and learning the devoted priests and people entrusted to your charge. Ever mindful, as we are, of the strong ties which bind priests and people to our beloved Church, it was with feelings of joy we heard that the choice of the Holy Father had fallen upon a clergyman of our own diocese, one who has ministered to us from time to time, and whose administration of the important diocese of Sandhurst during the absence of our Bishop has, we have reason to know, given the greatest satisfaction. While rejoicing over your lordship's elevation, we cannot but be sensible of the dark cloud of' sorrow that hangs over bur hearts when we remember the cause that has given rise to it. A sore affliction has deprived us to-day of the presence of our venerable and much esteemed Bishop, Dr. Crane, and we beg your lordship to acquaint, him of our deep sympathy with him in his great trial, and of our constant supplications on his behalf. Fully aware of the many evils which a Godless system of education is sure to bring in its train, and fully sensible of the wisdom of our Church in her opposition to it, we beg to assure your lordship of our assistance in your efforts to have our grievance redressed, and the religion of our fathers preserved and imparted to our children. Thanks to the efforts of our clergy, we have here the great blessing of a well conducted and thoroughly efficient Catholic school — a boon which we highly prize. In conclusion, we humbly ask your lordship's blessing, and on behalf of our people beg to subscribe ourselves your lordship's devoted servants— D. C. M'C O'Leary, Denis Ryan, Phillip Smyth, Edmond Murphy, Ward Ryan, Michael O'Keeffe, John Hassett, James Whelan, John Moffatt, Charles Ryan, Wm. Ginnivan, Thos. Sullivan, Gordon Willis, Michael Commons, Laurence Hanlon. F. E. O'Connell, Hon. Sec. The Bishop, in reply, thanked Mr. O'Leary and others for the handsome address. There was, he went on to say, no one more anxious than the Roman Catholic clergy and laity to live in communion with their fellows, but in this free country they were denied the liberty of religious conviction. If parents wished their children educated religiously, they should certainly have their wishes acceded to. The Catholics were supporting their own schools rather than submit to a Godless system of education, and in this he hoped they would persevere, until better counsel prevailed in high quarters. The touching reference made to Dr. Crane in the address was heartily endorsed by himself, and his reverend brother, he hoped, would shortly have his sight restored to him, and he would pray, as they all would, that the operation to take place next month would, with the blessing of the Almighty, be successful. As they (the congregation) had requested his blessing, he would gladly bestow it on them, and only asked in return that they would pray for him. In the evening the church was again crowded to excess, when his lordship preached a touching sermon from the text, "Hail full of Grace," on the sanctity and purity of the Mother of God—the blessed Virgin Mary. In addition to the usual psalms at vesper service, " Kirschman's Te Prego," a beautiful trio, was delightfully sung by Miss Hanlon and Messrs. O'Halloran and Smyth. At the benediction service Cherumbini's grand " 0 Salutaris" in E Flat was magnificently rendered by the choir master of St. Joseph's, Mr. Smyth, proving that gentleman to be a most capable artist. The school children on Monday morning at the school-room presented Bishop Seville with an address. His lordship suitably replied, and obtained a holiday for the children from Mr. O'Connell. CHILTERN (From a Correspondent.) During last week the Right Rev. Dr. Reville, coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst, visited various portions of the Chiltern mission, On Sunday, 21th May, he administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to a large number of children; and immediately after his lordship laid and blessed the foundation- stone of a new presbytery in the presence of a large multitude of people. The donations, usual on these occasions, being put on the stone, realised the handsome sum of about £150. I have seen the plans of this new residence, and I may state that not only will it be a most commodious and complete presbytery, but it will be, moreover, a grand addition and ornament to the central city, the building being very handsome and ornamental, and standing at a little distance from the town on the top of a rise, and so overlooking the whole country around. The resident pastor, I understand, is at present collecting funds to meet all liabilities, and I have no doubt but the Catholics of the whole district, who are known for their generous disposition, will be most anxious and happy to assist him for that purpose. On the day following his lordship distributed the prizes to the children of St. Augustine's School, Wodonga. The little ones presented the Bishop with a very affectionate address, and a valuable gold pencil case. His lordship, in his reply, was visibly affected, and expressed his delight at the proficiency of the school. After the distribution of prizes the Bishop resumed his drive towards Bethanga, 17 miles beyond Wodonga, and here he was met at a distance of several miles from last named township by a cavalcade, as garde d'honneur, who gave his lordship a cordial welcome, and escorted him to Bethanga, where Confirmation was administered to a goodly number of children on the Tuesday, some coming from as far as the Bungil Plains on the Upper Murray. On Friday, the 29th May, Confirmation was given in Rutherglen, where a large congregation had assembled, and where a deputation, headed by Mr. Dan. King waited on his lordship for the purpose of having a resident clergyman in that town. The Bishop, who received the deputation very kindly, said he would be most anxious to meet their wishes, but he thought that under the present circumstances the congregation of Rutherglen were not as yet ripe for this desired acquisition. In each and every locality visited by his lordship very warm and cordial addresses were presented, to which the Bishop gave feeling and grateful replies. t 