TITE GOLDEN CROSS. (By J. J. UTTIN?o.) CHAPTER XXVII. -(Continuetd.) As they sat at supper that night Kate, Jack, and Fred-Jowler asked, ' And now, Kate, that I have played Claude to your Pauline, do you con sider me an actor? Do you remember what you said three years ago ?' 'Perfectly, Jack; and I must say you surprised me, nay even startled me by your intense earnestness to-night.': ' Ah, Kate i but I played from the heart, and it came quite easy to me.' ' You were very perfect.' ' So I ought to have been, for I have bean studying the part ever since you spoeke to me on the subject and hinted at the possibility of my playing Claude to your Pauline. And are you satis lied ?' 'I must not pay you such compli ments as you used to pay me, Jack; but I may say, without fear of con tradiction, that there were bits of your acting here and there that I have never seen excelled.' ' And which were they ?' ' Oh, that you must find out for yourself; but you were terribly real in your love passages. ' And so I meant to be, Kate. What is Claude without an overwhelming love for Pauline ?-nothing I' ' Well I thought you were pitching it rather strong, myself,' said Fred. Oiur hero, who was now nearly sixteen years old, was still attendinmg echool where he had made rapid and steady progress, and was now as much a little gentleman as any in the land. As stated above, he had gone down to the Thames for the special purpose of attending the benefit. The conversation then turned on the dead baronet, on Captain Dalton, and on the rights of Fred Darrell, and was prolonged till past midnight. Kate had saved up over two thousand pounds in the three years she had been in Auckland, and Jack had between two and three hundred, every penny of which they resolved to devote to the purpose of seeing Fred righted. It was determined that the latter should at on"e leave school, that all three should proceed by the first steamer to England via Australia. After Fred had retired to rest,.the subject changed, and Kate consented to become Mrs. John Jowler imme diately on their arrival in Auckland. Perhaps that was the happiest moment of Jack's life. CHAPTER XXSIII On the following evening'our party of friends found themselves in Auckland. Kate had no sooner proceeded to her hot-i than she was .waited upon by the lessee of the theatre where she. had won her first New Zealand laurels, and .entireated to give one farewell per formance prior to her departure. She stated that was impossible, as she in· tended leaving by the .steamer 'Hero' on the following Tuesday. She was Ithen infoirmed that the ' Hero' would not leave until the Thursday, and that she would have ample time, and 4o spare. Now Kate was not a mer cenary woomau-far from it, but she had set her heart upon obtaining 'as much money as possible before going Home, in order t.) prosecute young Darrell' suit successfully. Tuerefore, after some little pre.siug', she promised to accept the benefit, which was to be in every way a complimentary one-the whole of the company aflTring to give tlhir services, and the lessee to let her .have the theatioe free of charge. She :slect?d to play Leah' wlich had been her opening character in NewZealand. In the meantime preparations were :mde. first for her marriage with .Jowler, and then for their ,departure. On the Tuesday night the theatre was packed almost to suffocation, and there was no rta.dliug room in any part of the house after 8 o'clock. Kate had long been . favourite in Aucklaud, 'nd all her old ?admirers resolved upon :his occasion 'to take their last look at hiler upon the buat·ts. The fast., too, .,f her approachbisg marriage with Jowlor became kucivn, and this, no doubt, tended to lend an additional in scerest to the affaic. When she came 'on as 'Leah'-as nbh had done three years before-pursuod by the howls and ~sexecrations of her thermentors, she was greeted with such a torrent of ap plause that the action ,theo play was stopped lor- severalminutec. However, she was at length allowed to proceed, s?nd she acted thalt night as she had never acted before and when the curtain finally fell, in answer to a deafenibg call, t wa's again r~ised, and she nas discovered on the stage in company with the Mayor of Auck land, who, after a glowing and appropriate speech, presented her on behalf of her numerous admirers, with a very handsolme set of jewellery, on sistiug of ear rings, locket;, and a very valuable diamond bracelet. This was so unexpected on Kate's p'art, that she ivs quite unable for a few minutes to say a word, but she soon recovered herself, and, in the words of the Herald of the following day, made a very appropr:abo and grLaceful r p y, thanking the Auckland people for the great kindness they had always shown to her, and stating that she would treasure up amongst her most pleasant recollections the happy months she had spent in their fair city. IHer few remarks;were received with enthusiasm, and when she retired from the stage she was really affected at the intense cordiality that had been displayed by the vhole of the packed theatre. The result of this benefit was an addition to her funds of over £100, and a set of jewellory worth almost as much-a spontaneous token of admir ation from the play.goers of Auckland, of which she felt justly proud. It need hardly be said that Jowler was in ecstacies of delight, and that the feeling was filly shared by Fred. On the following morning, Jack Jowler, the vagabond that was, but the respectable member of society that is, conveyed Kate to St. Matthew's Ohurch, were the two were made one in the presence of a very large number of friends. The ceremony was For formed by special license, arrangements for which had been made by Jowler on the previous Saturday. On the following day the three were on board the s.s. Hero, bounl for Sydney, from which place they intended to take passage by steamer directfor Southampton. It must not be supposed that Jowler forgot Jack Downie. The lad was now doing well, was a first-class work man, and promised to make a name for himself in the printing trade. He was staying wish a quiet, respectable family, who were much attached to him. One of the last things .which Jowler did before leaving was to place the sumn of £bO to his credit in the bank, and this sum was supplemented by another £50 from Kate. Neither was Sambo over- looked. He was still trading in a coasting schooner, and he was jointly presented with the sum of .£50 by the newly.married couple. Kate and Fred had not forgotten that they owed their lives to him. And when the 'Hero'. steamed away from the wharf there were none among the crowd that thronged it more enthusi astic in waving their handklerchiefs, or who waved them longer, or with more real good feeling, than Jack Downie and Sambo, the black man. CHABPTER XXIX. ONCE more our scene is laid in England, at Henstone, some two and twenty miles from London. Henstone is a pleasant little town, on the Great Western line, but contains no remark able features about it, except its extreme sleepiness. But within three miles of the town there is an insti tution which would be remarkable enough if all that transpired within its walls were made known. This insti tution is a private lunatic asylum, or as it is known at Henstone, 'the mad. house.' It is kept by one Doctor Gully, and is supposed to be conducted on the most humane andphilanthropic principles, and, 'to a certain extent, itis so; but there have been some cases in charge of the proprietor in which little philanthropy, and still less humanity was shown. But these were few, and there were special reasons why they should be conducted as they were. And this reason was--Money, for it was considered desirable that the unfortunate patients should- pass out of existence as soon as possible, for the sake of those friends or relations who possessed pecuniary interests in their death. Such patients did not die by brutal murder, or by poison, but simply by cruel and systematic treat ment of a refined nature. And among these who were distined for this doom was poor Sir jFrederick Fairwater who had now been an inmate of the asylum for over two years. When first taken in, it was thought that he e muld not possibly live long, but, contrary to all expectation, although his minI i was gone, he appeared to rapidly ima. prove in health-very much to the disgust of Captain Dalton, who was now practically master of Blackpool. Dr. Gully had kept the asylum for many years, and was reportod to be wealthy. H-Ie had neither wife nor children, and his personal expenses were small, but he had an intense passion fbr money, and was in every respect a miser. Hle bad never yet caused a patient to be wdfully killed by direct niv·ns, but many a one had sunk into a premature grave thirough the measures practised towards him. In one of the visits of Dalton to the asylum-for he visited it every two or three months, to see how the Baronet. was getting on--he hinted to the miser nhat't would be to his interest if the old mm weredead, and, finally, in so many words, he said he would be prepared to pay the sum of £500 .if this sad occur eace should take place, as a testimony of his regard for J)r. Gully for the great care he had taken of him during a very trying period. The doctor's eyes glistened at the pro position for the Baronet's death-for it was little else-and he meekly said that he trusted the old man would live 1for many years yet, though he feared he was breaking up fast---fast; and then he gave Dalton a look yhichl con vineed the latter ,thai they perfectly understood each .other; and before Dalton left that night he presented the doctor with' a cheque for £100, which he said was an instalmenat of the £500 which he would pay on the old man's death. Then he remarked that the case was a very sad one, and after comuniserating with the Baronet's un. fortunate condition, suggested that it would beoa happy release both for him and his friends were hlie to be removd by death from his heavy afflicotion. He added that he was now nearly seveuny years of age, fnd that Ihe could not possibly last much longer-au opinion which the doctor shared, and mentally resoolvod should he a correct opinion ne he thought 'f the ,ala?uce of dh, /.,50. When l)Dalton left London that night he felt convinced from the parting look he received from Dr. Gully that he would not have to wait long before he received news of the Baronet's death. And heo was right. Five weeks afterwards he received a letter in a black envelope notifying the fact from the keeper of the asylum that the B3aronet was no more-that on the previous morning he had gone into his bath as usual-that he had been left for a few minutes by his attendant, who, on greturning to the bath-room had found him dead. The letter re quested Dalton to proceed to lenstone at once. Which he did. It was night when he arrived. He was aamited to Dr. Gully, who received him with a very mournful face, and asked him if he would go and see the body. As has been stated in the course.of this story, Dalton had taken to drink. ing a good deal since the death of Emily Darrell, and of late he had not improved in this respect, for his con science accused him daily of his many crimes, and he had flown to spirits to conceal his thoughts. This evening he was in anything biut a fit state to tmransact business, for when he entered the building he was half intoxicated. Here was another crime upon his soul ! and he had been drinking brandy heavily to bury it out of sight. When asked to see the body, he had shud dered; but after a struggle with him self, resolved to comply with the request So the two men went up stairs into the darkened chamber of death- though it was not without a great effort that Dalton passed the threshold. Sir Frederick was already coffined, and one look at that pallid face was suflicient for Dalton, who ahlmost ran from the room, shaking like a leaf. On returning to the lower floor he took a b'g drink of brandy, which seemed for the time to ristore him to himself. ' You have not forgot your promise I' said Dr. Gully, quietly. ' What promise ?' 'That on his death I should have £500 for my kindness to him for so long. Poor old man; he must have passed away very peacefully. 'No--I have not forgotten.' 'Will you give me a cheque now ?' ' No'. I thought of this, and brought. you notes for the amount. I prefer them to a cheque, which might lead to awkward questions. I have the money with me. Four hundred pounds, is it not ?' 'I thought you said five ?' 'Yes, but your memory is short; you had one.' 'Of course-so I had!; you are right. How bad my memory is getting I But you must excuse me. ' Darrell paid him over the money, which he carefully locked up in his desk.' 'When will you move the body?' asked Gully. ' As soon a! pos.ible,' replied Dalton. ' You say the inquest is over.' ' Yes it took place this.morning. It was purely a formal affair. Let me see; the leaden coffin will be here at twelve in the mornine, and there isnothing to prevent the body going to Blackpool, by the five o'clook express.' 'So be it. I leave you to make all arrangements. I shall co by the first train and leave him to follow. I would not be in.the same train for the best thousand pound note, over printed.'. 'That as you please,' said Gully. I ' But about the coffins. I would suggeest' that they he both screwed down,: The weather is very warm, and the body begins to smell already.' 'As you please..- I leave you to at tend to everything. You:can send the l account after me to Blackpool. After some further conversation, Dal Ston left the asylum in the cab which had'brought him from the station. 'He slept in London that night, and by noon the next day was back at Blackpool. SAt nine o'clock the same night the body of Sir Frederick was at the Hall, and the next day the tenantry and country people far and near came to I look upon the coffin -for they could see no more, as the lid was screwed, down for reasons which ":were explained to them. 'And all they saw to remind them .. of the deceased .was the: coffin-plate, bearing the, words, ' Frederick liairovater, Bart. Aged (i68 years.' The funeral took place on the follow lig day. .It was attended by nearly a~ll. the nobility and gentry in the country. In additionto the numerous carriages that' followed there were no less than two hundred horseinen bring-. ing up the rare of the cortege. After the funeral, the will was read, It left the whole of the estates pos sessed by the late Baronet to the eldest son of his beloved daughter, Aida Dalton. A liberal provission was bequeathed to Aide Dalton, five thousand pounds to her daughter, and the same amount to his son in-law, Captain Dalton. who was appointed sole executor and guardian of the estates until his son attained his majority. And thus the Daltons came to be looked upon as the representatives of the late race of Fairwater, and were treated accordingly by the country round. CHAPTER XXX. In a small back parlour in Islington sat Dr. Kilgore, late of St. Bar tholomnew's Hospital, but now un. attached and decidedly hard up. The doctor had run his course--his drink. inog propensities had gained upon him, and he had been kicked ignominiously from- the position whioh he had held for so many years with so little credit. .L front of the doctor was a small table, and upon the table was a brandy bottle and a glass,half-full of the liquor, only slightly dli'utea with water. Kilgore, liuk D:, ten, Ihas not impioved with tim, and the drink, which has now taken such a hold on him, is hurrying him fast to his grave. Buat he does not think rf this,'his thoughts are appa rent!y far away-not himself, but of others. ' I I only had my time over again,' he muttered. How many of us think of the eamn -if we only had our time over again ! WVell, if we had, should we be any better than we are ? It is doubtful, though it pleases us to think so. ' And that scoundrel Dalton, now worth his thousands, and I with no, five pounds left in the world. Curse him I but for him I should never have been whatI am. And he thinks I'll remain quiet, does he? No, no, Captain Dalton, I have told you before Imwouldn't sutfor for your crime, and by - , I won't. If I'amguilty,-yon are more so, for you were the tempter. Poor, poor woman I I repent me now that . listenid to him or helped him in his vile plot. But it is too late now, for I'm damned beyond all hope ofredomption. Oh, great God I pardon me and pity me, for since my crime I've had nought but misery. I can't bear it; I can't hear it.' Then he repeated the. words, -'poor woman, poor woman !' SBuddenly. he jumped up and. .ex claimed to himself. * By heavens, I'll defeat him yet. I'll see the Rev. Mfr. Faithful, and tell him all I know ;of Darrell's son and daughter. He little dreams who he's got for a ward, and if he can only find the son of Darrell, this I proud upstart shall soon be turned off i the cshtatcs, to which I'll swear he has no nianier of right, except his villainy. I'll do it! i'll do it ! -and prove my iwords by the papers I possess. Ha, ha! Dalton! yenou think you are very clever, don't you ! but you'll find:I hold a power over you you little dream of. And if I do getat you, I'llsend you to the gallows . Whist care I[:that Imust die with you! I'm tired of life, and eager for death-but not until I have made restitution-restitution and. atone meet. Poor, poor woman !. youi' ghost will haunt me to my dying day-and I care not if it comes to-morrow. But mind you, Dalton, I'll drag:ycu down with me. The boy shall have his rights, and you, you Captain Dalton, shall have yours - by heavens, I swear .it.' ., K(ilgore raised his .hand on high, afterwards took another drink of spirits, then fell upon the sofa, and was in a few moments'fast asleep. (To be Cednunted.) . 