THE TRAVELLER. . — <> — " SANDAKAN TO LABUAN. Br Caftaix R. I). Beestos. Late Bkxgal Staff Conrs. V . No. XI. Having business to attend to on the western tide of the island, I cost about for means of communication with the little island of Labium, \- which lies in Brnnci Bay, about thrco hours' steam from tho mainland. Tho mails for San dakan, via Singapore, are carried hy three different steamer?, tho Hong Ann, tho Banca and the Borneo, the two former owned by Chinese firms in Singapore, and the latter has just stopped running, and has been sold to trndo with Saigon. The Hong Ann being expected in shortly from Celebes, I elect to take a passage in licr, and early on the morning of 28th March she whistles her way past Bnlhalla, and brings up alongside tho wharf, and loses no time in dis charging and taking in cargo. It is half-past nine o'clock on a bright moon light night when we embark for our coasting voyage, tho party consisting of myself and four Government officers. The accommodation is limited in the extreme, the cabins being nearly nil takou up with Chinamen, who liavo evi dently made up their minds to a prolonged de bauch on opium, between Sandakan and Labuan Oar only haven of refuge is the bridge, where wo camp night and day for tho trip, packed like sardines in a tin, and alternately drenched with rain and baked with the tropical sun. Tho steamer's decks present a motley ap pearance. Not one square foot of spaco is un occupied. Dyaks with baskets of gutta, Sooloos bound on a trading expedition to tho west, returning Chinamen from all parts of the island, sick coolies from tho plantations, some Sikh policemen, all this polyglot mob is mixed np with nn animal following of Sooloo ponies, Celebes parrots, goats, cats end monkeys of every species, size and color, till one begins to fancy the Hong Ann a modern burlesqne of the original Noah's ark, while the occasional whiffs of fried garlic and mustard oil, in which the deck cooks delight to fry their fish, is enough to turn tho stomach of a statue. Tho Hong Ann is a steamer of 290 tons register, and is loaded deep with jungle pro duce, principally rattans, which aro exported in great quantities to Singapore by nearly every available boat. Her officers are all .Eng lishmen, aud the captain lays himself out to make us as comfortable as ho possibly con, in which he thoroughly succeeds. The cap tain is simply responsible for the navi gation of the < vessel ; ho has noth ing whatever to do with tho cargo. All this is managed by a Chinese "Chintu" or supercargo, n genius not always conspicuous for his knowledge of stowago, as wo nearly found out to onr cost later on in the trip. The Chintu is directly responsible to tho owners lor all cargo, passengers lares, & c., and looks npon himself as a most important personage, as indeed he is daring the trip. We start from the wharf uuder tho aus picious surroundings of fine weather, bright moonlight, and nearly tho whole of the European population to bid us furewell. Tho warps are cast off, and the Hong Anu, gathering headway, soon leaves Elopnra and its twinkling lights astern, passes Balhallas, the timber- clothed island which, Sentinel like, guards the entranco to Sandakan Harbor, and heads away westward towards tho Malawali Channel. Our first thought is as to camping for the night. The heat and the opium fumes render the cabins out of tho question, so we each peg out on al lotment on the bridge, which is pretty well cc- enpied by the Malay steersman and his wheel, and two gigantic iron ventilators. We pass the thickly wooded island of Li- barran, noted for tho quantity of deer that finds good grazing on its shores ; pass l'ulo Tikus, or Bat Island ; pass tho mouth of the Gum Gum Biver, prolific in mangrove swamps ; past IColapis, with the stems of tho A'ipa palms at its mouth bristling with largo and luscious bivalves ; and at daybreak aro in sight of Tnnjong Sugut, which is standing darkly out against the sky line to tho south-west. Further west aro tho mouths of the two big rivers of tho northern coast, tho Sugut and Paitan, whose chiefs, formerly inclined to "kick" Against tho rulo of tho company, liavc now unhesitatingly given in their allegiance find ing it far more to their advantage to pay poll tax to tho "Ingrecs," and thereby have seenrity tor life and property, than to live from lmnd to mouth, and bo at the mercy of the first comer possessed of tho " strong right hand," as was tho case in tho old days. Wo aro now in the Malawali Channel, one of ibe prcttiost of marine pictures and most dan gerous channels to navigate in the wholo of these seas. The whole distance is studded with coral beds, tiny islets and sand cays, rendering navigation an anxious task to seamen by day and next door to nn utter impossibility ut night. All on board have their " eyes skinned" running through. Tho captnin, binoculars in hand, is glued to tho bridge ; the chief officer, perched aloft on tho foroyard, searches with the oyes of a hawk for "green" water; and a iiarnl. stands by in tho engine room to attend to the signals. Mora than onco tho good ship doviates from her course to clear n coral patch or avoid a yellow spot which de notes tho presence of a sand bar. After three hours or so wo fetch the island of Malawali, and mnko over towards tho larger island of Bnr- gnoy, when tho steamer is headed south towards Maliudu Bay and the township of Kudat Banguoy Island has-been selected during the last few months as tho hcadquartors of a to bacco plantation — tho company being German, with the head office at Hamburg. Alrcndy great progress lias been -made. Houses, sheds and Coolie Hues have been built, mid planting is being prosecuted with vigor. Of such importanco is this island now considered that the British North Borneo Government have stationed hero a Resident, in the person of Mr. F. G. Cal- Iaghan, formerly Resident nt Silnm, and a most energetic and able officer of tho company. In a few months, when tho first- tobacco has been shipped home, it is most probable tiic whole of tho land in Banguey will be taken up, as the present manager, who has had considerable experience of tobacco planting in tho Straits, is of opinion that, the soil here will grow crops to rival those of Sumatra, in which island, by tho way, the plantation of Deli re turned a dividend lust year of 80 per cent, on the paid up capital of tho country. Tho total area of this island is a little short of 100,000 acres, it is cosily accessible by sea, possessing good anchoring grounds, aud is well watered. Beyond a few Bajans or sea gipsies and a Dusein village or two, there aro no inhabitants ; tho- soil is a dark chocolate brown, very fertile, and the whole islnud is well watered, and heavily timbered. There are large ontcrops of qnartz at the north end of tho island, where the country is of n sandstono and slato formation, in which colors of gold liavc been got, and I am of opinion that a month or so of systematic prospecting would lead to solid and tangible results. Tho fauna of the place consist of deer and wild pigs, rcptilia being represented by the uncomfortable looking python, and a specios of poisonous lizard, with a skin liko Joseph's ' coat of many colors and n nasty steel grey eye. Mr. G. L. Davies, while on a visit to the place some months back,' discovered copper on a high ridge on the north-west part of tho island, aud also narrowly escaped the embraces of a python some twentv feet in length, which he, how- ever, promptly despatched with his rifle. Alli gators arc plentiful in the rivers and creeks, and .the beaches arc infested with sandflies, though mosquitoes are low und far between. To the southward, distant n mile, is tho small island of Moliangan, the strip of water between being a safo and convenient anchorage. Leaving Moiiaugan to the northward, three hours' steam brings us iuto Maliudu Bay, and in sight of the town of Kudat. Maliudu Bay was formerly the worst piratical haunt in theso sins until Admiral Kcppcl and Sir James Brooke mado their famons crnsado against them, pursuing them up tho various rivers, and burning their strongholds, extermi nating them at once and for ever from theso waters. Maliudu Bay is spacious enough to anchor the navies of Europe, but the country near the coast is bat thinly in habited, the coast natives being for tho most part Bajans and Dusuus, witii a sprinkling of Malays np the principal rivers that run into the bny. At two o'clock in the afternoon, seventeen hours after leaving Sandakan, the Hong Ann makes fast to tho wharf, aud there being somo tour or live hours to spare we prepare for a run ashore. When I was first here in 1883 Kudat was a busy ceutre, und it was intended that the place should bo the capital of the colony. Tho natural advantages of San dakan, however, have forced themselves on the Government to such an extent that Elopma is and must remain the chief town of North Bor neo, and. consequently tho great hulk of the inhabitants have "folded their tents," and' migrated to tho eastern city. The long, well built rows of whitewashed brick shops aro still standing, but empty. No produco is piled up as of yoro for salo or shipment ; the Sikh police barracks aro well nigh empty, and tho crowd (?) on the wharf to meet us consists of two policemen and an old Malay, whom I recognise as tho seraug of the launch Kiraanis, with whom I navigated tho Sugut aud Parian Rivers two years ago. nis occupation, too, is gone. Tho launch has changed hands, and the old fellow is looking sadly iuto the depths of the water as though in search of the former glories of Kudat, even as the fisherman gazes into the depths of Lough Ncngh for a glimpse of " the round towers of other days," as Moore's ballad has it, One great drawback to Kudat existed from the first, the scarcity of good drinking water. A large sum of money was spent ou a scheme to remedy this want, hut the plan was a bad one ; and it would liavo nnswered far better to sink wells somo distance from tho beach. In tho south-west monsoon tou Kudat had a reputation for being a feverish land, and certainly with somo reason. Still, tho harbor is good, and the towuship well laid out. As the colony progresses Kudat will doubtless take its place, as from its position it seems tho natural depot for the produce of the rivers running into (ho sea to the westward of Tonjoug Sugut, Tho placo is still tho head quarters of tho Resident of the district, and with him aro a doctor (who also acts as magistrate) and a treasurer. We walk up to tho Residency, which was formerly Government Uouso, and arc fortunate in finding files of somo of the latest English papers, and after partaking of afternoon tea stroll back to tbo steamer. Leaving Kudat in the evening we soon pass tbo north-west point of Borneo, and head to tho southward, passing tho Tampasuk and Pndussan rivers, tho dwolling places in theso days of tho descendants of tho.Hlanun pirates, whose very name was a terror on tho coast forty years ago. Now their swords and krises are , either turned iuto ploughshares, or are hanging ingloriously on the walls of thoir owners' houses, while their prahus are turned into fishing boats or rotting on the tivcr banks. Past the harbors of Abaic and Usnkan, with their rolling black soil plains, whence wo obtain a splendid view of Mouut Kina Balu, past Ambong, and we enter the harbor of Gya at eight o'clock on tho morning of 31st March, fifteen hours' journey from Kudat. If Kudat seemed sleepy and descried, quite tho contrary was tho ease with Gva, which ap peared all hustle and activity, piles of cargo awaiting onr arrival on the jetty, and a crowd of natives swarming over the vessel's sido as she made fast to tho wharf. Wo start out to climb tho hill on which the Residency is bnilt, and surprised tho Resident, Mr. Little, who had not heard tho whistles and had no idea wo had arrived. After breakfast we inspected tho workings for cqnl carried on in the island. Although there is every "indication," up to the present no scam has been struck. The native shops all seem to be doing a brisk business, and the bny is studded with native boats going for and returning with produce from tho mainland. The country opposite tho island of Gya has lately passed into the hands of tho North Borneo Company, who have given it tho name of Patntan, aud estab lished a Resident there. Tho country here abouts is pretty thickly populated, and the natives appear to have taken kindly to the company's rule. Gya is not a- largo place, nnd tho means of diversion are limited. We strolled down to tho gentleman who had the spirit farm, and made him produco somo bottled beer nud cheroots, which wo discussed whilo pricing some curios in the sliapo of swords, krises and spears. The hospitable resident insisted on onr climbing tho hill once more and dining at the Residency, and towards midnight tho steamer blew her first whistle as a signal, and we hurried down to the wliarf. This tiino tho little steamer faced the sea on an even keel, aud wo were soon leaving Gya behind us aud heading for Brunai Bay and the rsiann or Aiauuan. ano nignc is aarx anu roggy, and tho steamer ha8-often to slow down, wlrilo at daybreak tho haze is still very thick, and we are unable to see any land, although wc know we most be close to it. Towards seven o'clock the fog lifts to tho westward, nnd we get a glimpse of the mainland near (lie Padas River, a new and rich territory which has just come into the hands of tho company. Until very recently this rich district has been lying idle owing to the intertribal feuds with the natives of the different rivers, notably with those inhabiting tho valley of the Padas. Theso consist of Malays, Dusuns, and, higher np tho river, Maruts, a tribe whose chief idiosyncrasy appears to he that tlioy covet their neigh bors' heads — au uncomfortable 6ort of peccadillo in a neighbor, and one not contem plated in tiie Decalogue. When the country came under tire sway of the company it was somo little time ere the Maruts could he bronght to sec that hcad-bnnting on the whole was an irrational and uncivilised amusement. Early this year they took the head of a chief of a neighboring village, named Paugcran Bongsu, upon which nn expedition, under Cap tain do Fontaine, chief of tho military police, was sent to chastise them and bring them to reason. This the captain did most effectually, burning tho offending village nnd bringing the chief offenders back with him to Sandakan. The lesson proved salutary, and the Padas River is now being opened up, and bids fuir to bo the most productive territory of tho company. It abounds with jungle produce of all sorts, and, according to native accounts, the head of the river is rich in minerals. The boundary adjoins tho independent kingdom of Brnnai, from the Saltan of which placo tho lands now held hy tho eompany were originally acquired. Brunai, in its palmy days, was one of tho finest cities in the eastern seas, but now it is but a ghost of its former self. Howover, I shall have much to say of tho Brunai of to-day in a future paper. The people of Padas, by tbis time, are completely reconciled to their European rulers, and anything but sorry that their allegianco to Brunai, albeit nominal at the best, has been 60vcred. At half-past nino wo steam into the harbor of Labuan. Tho approach to the auchorago is picturesque in tho extreme. Large groves of casuariua trees and cocoa nuts, a huge fiat well grassed, extent of meadow-liko land, tho whito houses of tho town with their red tiled roofs, tho qnaint looking nativo craft of evory size, shapo and rig lying m the bay, the battery of polished brass twelve ponndcrs in front of tho court house, cornbino to make a striking picture. Lying at the wharf is tho steamer Royalist, a boat with a long history of scrvico in those waters. Built in England as a steam yacht, she was presented to Sir James iirooko (then struggling to establish civilised government in tho state of Sarawak), by Baroness (then Miss) Burdett-Coutts. The old craft could tell many n story of huutiug pirates out of their haunts iu Mnluda and Gya Bays, and now, in her old age, sho is trading betivoen Labuan, Borneo nnd tho island of Palawan. Tho entranco to the grounds of Government IIouso is far more like nn English park than a scene to bo expected iu a tropical islaud almost on tho equator. Tho trim laiyus aro ovidently beautifully kept, and tho huge trees givo an immense oxtout of shade. Tho Governor being absent for the timo, the house is shut up .and in charge of n corporal's gunrd of tho polico. This uon-commissionod officer, however, soon produces tho keys, and. tho portals of tho cool and spacious mansion are soon open to us. Liko most tropical residences, the rooms nre largo spacious nnd well ventilated, On tho ground floor a large diningroom, panelled with ihirkj; native woods, somewhat the color of mahogany ,- and highly polished, tho principal article of furniture in our eyes being a mnssivo sideboard laden with glass and orystal — a sight that, after onr two-milo tramp under tho hot sun of Labuan, at onco inspires us to ask if there is anything available to put iuto those glnsses, and wc soon quench our thirst iu copious liba tions of cool claret nnd water. Adjoining the diningroom js a billiardroom and library, tlio latter consisting of a fine selection of hooks of all sorts, whilo the balance of the ground floor is taken up with a large drnwingroom, profnso in comfortable conches and easy chairs. Ou the second floor nro various sleeping apartments, all modelled on tho same spacious stylo as the rooms on the ground floor. IVe proceed to tub and get some breakfast, and while discussing this meal, news is brought that the steam launch C.M G. (why this name of all othcra ?), the property of the Fungernn Tumongong, of Brunei, and lent hy that potentate to Governor Trencher, will .'cave next day for Brunei, witii tho Governor's mails, and wc can all get a passage hi- her across the Bay. 