(... m . H: ap, e r', eo.?t.y .. Never did anything seem fresher and sweeter than the plateau on-which we emerged In the \- early 'snnet, after defiling all day through the dark 'deep mountain-sdes in the rain. We had promised Rhoda to assault her winter fastnes'whenever she should summon us; and now, in obedience to her message, a gay party of us had left the railway, and had driven, some. times in slushy snow, and sometimes on bare ground,' up the old mountain-road, laughing and s inging and jangling our bells, till at length the great bare woods, lifting their line for ever before no and above ma, gave place to bald black monntain-sides, whose oppressive gloom and silence stifled everything but a longing to escape from between them, and from the possible dangers In crossing bridges, and fording streams swollen Sbythe fortnight's thaws and rains. Nowand then the stillness resolved itself into the murmuring of bare sprays, the rustling of rain, the dancing of innumerable unfettered brooks glittering with motion, but without light, from the dusky depths; now and then a ghastly lustre shot from the ice still hanging like a glacier upon some uppersteep, or.a strange gleam from the sodden snow of their floor lightened the roof. of the lealess forests that overlapped the chasms, and trailed their twisted roots like shapes of living horror. What was there; I wondered, so" darkly familiar in all before? Long ere the jeoroey's end our spirits became dead as last night's wine; we shared the depression' of all nature, and felt as if we had come out of chaos and the end of all things when the huge mountain gates closed behind us, and we dashednout on the plateau where the grass, from which the winry wrapping had been washd, had :not" lost all its greenness, and in the sudden lift ing of the aih-dcloud red sparkle o'of sunset lighted the windows is if i hundred flambeau hadbeenklindledtd greet?.s" A: huge fire burned in'the 'fireplace of the drawing-room when we"had mounted the stairs and crossed the great hall, Where other fires were blazing and' sending roddy flames to skim among the cedar rafters; and all that part of the house sacrd to Colonel Vora. and opened now the first *time:in many ,winters, was thoroughly wairm and- cheerful. with lights and flowers and rgs.and easy chairs and books We .might, easily have. fancied ourselves,, that night,.in those spacious rooms, when, toilets made., and dinner . over, we reassembled around.the solid glow of the chimney logs, a modern party in some old medineval chamber, all the more for the spirit of the scene outside.where the storm was telling its rede again, rain changing to snow, and a cruel blast keening round the many gablles and screaming down the chimneys.. After nall, Rhoda's and Merivalo's plan of having us in the hills before late-lingering winter should be quite gone,anddoingalittle Sintram biliness vith'skates and'wolvesaand hill visions,'abould have been carried out earlier. To them It was all but little leas novel than it was 'to me, and Rhoda; Who, althonghl nyear or, two my junior, had been my intimate, so far as I ever had an intimate, Wonld n?t rot.tillshe -h'is devised this party,: without tNE.. .e could not have me,-even s old'Dr. Devecatoleav his ? d stamp the proceeding with OrM flCAL 2ectability. - As itwasehow. lt.ER. oll .o ngbveere simply' to be EHERMIAN, . of itro folinwionth tha hc,.,-r smnit the te- iý whom Ihad sones interest :I oee.. _ her ntre better before the "ceek ended then. TLh pliace was'ieully the nonme of Rhoda anrl ilerivale, or 'was now to become as Colonel Verse, their father, who had married so'yong that he feit but little elder than they, and wae quite their companion, was still the'owner of the vest summer hostelry, although no longer its manager. After accumulating his fortune he had taken his children abont the world, educating them and himself at the same time, with now rn object lesson in Germany and no* another in Peen, and finally retirning to this place, which, so far as we could see,.was,absoloto desolation, without a neighbour, but which to him was brist ling with memories end associations and- old friends across the intervalo and over the moon. tain and rond tho spur. T herewaus something weird to m, asll oked.onect at thie flying white ness of the moon-lit storm, in those acquaintances of his among the hollows of these pallid hills; it seemed as though they must partake of the cold ness and whiteness,.and as if they were only ,Iend people, when' all was said. 'Perhas. Dr. .' vens, who half the way up had-been quoting, , ci .e: " ;"Pavilioned hIgh; he sits ' In darkness from excessive splendour born," iud another phase of the name feelfi?IJ heard hins sayig, as I pased him lie. minutes before, Swhere he sat astride i' chair in front of:thn long oriel easement--" There ie a path which.no fowl knoweth and which the vulture'ss ye hath iot .seen;-the lion's whelps have not trldden it, nor the fierce lion passed by it He puttoth forth his hand upon the rock he oveiturneth the monn taias by the roots. ie cutteth out rivers among the rok;s:: and his'eye rooth everyprecions. thing. Hebindeththe floods from overflowing; and the thing, that is hid bringeth he forth to light,! He is expecting a convulsion of nature; I reeme ber'tihnking,'as I went by and paused at another window myielft 'Aconvulsionofnatural faney that'he found it- . . "There is something eerie here." Isaid, as I ; still,gazed at the scene--for the dinm gigantic shapes of the hills rose round us like sheeted ,ghosts, whileo the dying send of the storm, filled "with the white diffusion of unseen light, every 'now and then opened to.let the glimlees out. " And see the witch-fire," as the rosy reflections of our burning logs and lights daneed on the whirling snow without "Is there anything :wanting to make us feel as if we had been caught here by some spell, and??ere to be held by some. "l* wish Iknew theltarm," said Colonel Vorse, by my side, and half nder his breath. And then I felt a little angrier with myself for coming than I had felt before.: "1 often hear you ...ing-nf your belief in cer tain telluric forces that must have most power among the mountains where they first had play, and where earth is not only beneath, but is above -?, , around you. 1Well, we are here in the i.old of these telluric forces I am their "id' and ally: let me see.what they will do : A., nd'I half shivered with an in. definite fear that might be compelled, in spite of all wish and prejudice and birthright--= the child of proud old colonial grandeesof the South; he, the son of amountain farmer, who had mar ried a mate of his own degree, and had kept a mountain inn till fortune found him and death took her. My father at least was the child of those proud old colonials, and I had lived with his people and been reared on their traditions. Who my mother was I never know; for my father had married her in some romantic fashion-a runaway match -and she had died at my birth, and he had shortly followed her. I had nothing that be longed to her but the half of a broken miniature my father had once painted of her, as I under atood. I always wore it, with I know not what secret sentiment, but I showed it to nobody. I had sometimes wondered about the other half, but my life had notlet ma much time for senti ment or wonder - full of gaiety till my grandfather's death left me homeless; full of gaiety since his friend Mrs. Mohtresor had adopted me for child and companion, subject to her kind whims and tyrannies But if she took me here and took me there, and clad me like a princess I was none the less aware of the fact that I was without a penny-morbidly aware of it without doubt. But it disposed me to look with favour on no rich man's suit, and the lover as penniless as I and as fine as my ideal lover had not yet appeared. It made me almost hate the face and form, the colour, the hair, that they dared to call Titianesque, speak of as if it were the free booty of pigment and canvas, and wish to drag captive in the golden chains of their wealth. When I had met Colonel Verse, a year ago, twice my age though he was, he was the first one I had wished as poor asl-he the plebeian newly rich. Yet not so newly rich was he that he had not had time to become used to his riches, to see the kingdoms of the earth and weigh them in his balance, to serve his country on the hbattle-field, and his State in the council chamber; and, for the rest, contact with the world in sadly educating. "I often look at Colonel Vorso among the men born in the purple," said Mrs. Montressor once she thought people born in the purple were simply those who had never earned their living-"and he is the superior of them all What a country it is where a man keeping a common tavern in the first half of his life may make him self the equal of sovereigns in the other half! I don't understand it; he is the finest gentleman of them all. And he look It. Don'tyou think so, Helena!" But I nevertold Mrs. MontresorwhatIthought, It is all very well to generalise and to be glad that certain in~titutions produce certain effects; but of noerse you are superior to the rstitutions, or you wouldn't be generalising so, and all the more, of orse,'superior to the effects, and so I don't see how itsignifies to you personally. :"You onght.to have'your head carried on a pike," said Mrs. Montresor again. " You will, if we ever have any bonnets rouges in America You. are the aritomt pure and simple. The Princess Lanimballowas nothing toyou. You think humanity exists so that no aunres, by standing on it, may get the light and air. You are sure that you are made of different clay-the canaille of street mud, for instance, and you of the fine white stuff from which they mould Dresden china You ae quit a study to me, my love I expect to?ame.yoUn'marry Dpavior yet, either one who sayd-downn orns uewho teara uppaving-stone." But I had only laughed again. She plumed her self on being cosmopolitan even to her principles. " You give me credit for too much thinking on the subject,"I said, "if it is credit Indeed, I don't concern myself about such people; and as for marrying one of them, I could as soon marry into a different rase, Africanor Mongolian. They are a different race." And 1 remembered all this as Colonel Verse stood.leaning his hand above.me on the jamb.of the window-firamefor although I was tall, he was a son of Anak -.ivith that air which, never vaunting atrength..talways mad .you aware of its reprrcssion .I could-fancy hearing .Mrs. Montrseor, my, " That air of hi? 'It always fetches women!" for she loved a little slang, by some antipodal ittroetioo of her refinement, and I instinoiively stilrfiatl:niyjself, determined it should never fetchlme. And hbre he was calling his allies, the s:.irits and powers of the dark and terrible mountain heights aid depths, and openly giving battle:. Ido't kaoiv why it-depressed me; I felt as if the very fact that it did were a half surrender; I looked up at him a moment; I forgot who he was; I wished he, as na lioor as tL But to become the mother of Rhoda, my friend, and of blerivale, that laughing young giant - what abisrdity, if-nll. the'1iet': were equnl! And that- other, the dead c:woman, the first wife-should one not always be jealous of that sweet early loveI., Could.one endure it?, Here among these hills with ill their ghostlineas she would hadnt?heie And then I turned and swept away to the fireside, holding out my hands to the finam, and glad to sink into the chair that some bono had left eipty there:'' 1' . :'' I, hardly know what world I was living in when, perhaps a half-hour later,I bheard Colonel Vorne a voice. "The trouble is that men are not born free and equal," he was rying. " Free? They are hampered by 'inheritance and circum stance'frosm the moment of birth. E1lual? It is a self-evident lie. And the world has rhapso. died for a hundred years over so clumsy a state. meat. All men arm born with equal rights. That is the precise statement. My rights rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi ness-are equal to the rights of all the princelings I of the earth; their rights equal only to mine. So far as they interfere with my rights they are public enemies, and are to be dealt with; and so far as I interfere with their rights, 1 am a tree passer to be punished. Otherwise, prince or peasant, each is a man, whether he wears a blouse or a star and garter; and if man was made in the image of God, let us dono indignity to that imago in one or in another." Did 1 understand. him? Was Colonel Vrse Iproclaiming himself the equal of Prince San Sorererino who had entertained us i ,n i!. alaces last year! WelL And was he not .11l at once something seemed to sift away from before my eyes-a veil that had hidden my kind from me, Was there on longer even that natural aristocracy in which ?il?kespeare, or Homer, or Dante was king? Was the world a brotherhood, and they the public enemy, the enemy of the great perfect race to come, who helped one brother to take advantageof another? Were those ribbons in the buttonhole, the gIfts of kings, of no more worth r than the ribbons of clgars . Mrs. Montresor was toying with her fan beside I me, and talkingin i n n undertone behind it I "What prince of all that you have seen or read of," said she, "If born on a meagre mountain farm, would have made his fortune and have educated himself as this man has done? I think the kings who founded races of kings were like I him. And what prince of them all alive looks so much the prince as hoe? This one as fat as Falstaff and as low, that one with a hump on his back, o the other without brains, the next with brains awry, and none of them made as becomes a man, Tell me, Helena?" " I think you are in love yourself," 1 sdd. She launghed. "As tall as Saul, as dark, as lordly in all proportions, as gentle as Jonathan, and with a soul like David's-why shouldn't I be?" she said. "And he not the equal of the i grand-daughter of a South Carolina planter! Tell me again, Helen what has she ever done to prove herself his equal?" She had had a fancy-Heaven knows why-that her young mother, who had run away with her father, was the daughterI of a noble foreign family; or else why should the match have been clandestinel She had had a fancy that she was therefore noble, as her mother was-the mother even whose name her child did not know other than as the slaves had told her the young bridegroom called her Pansy because of a pair of purple-dark eyes. That was about alL That was all the answer I could have made, had I spoken, to her gentle raillery, half mockery, in which she did not quite believe herself, But even were it so, and the daughter noble as the mother, could blood that had filtered through generations of oppressor lounging in lape of luxury be pure as this blood that had informed none but simple and innocent lives, and seemed just now as if it had come fresh from the hands of the Maker? 1 surveyed him from behind the hand-screen that failed to keep the ruddy flames frommy face, and if I felt him in that gance to be one of the sons of God, and I but one of the doghters of men, again I did not tell Mrsra Montresor. But the witch could always read my thoughts. "Still," she oid, "ho has kept a tavern. There is no getting round that fact by all the poetry in the world. Then why try to got round it? He has furnished food and shelter to the tired and roofless-as noble a way to make money, surely, as working the bones and monsles of slaves, and accepting the gold they carn" "That is the last I have of such gold," I cried, in a stilled way; and I nnohlped the old bracelet on my wrist, and tossed it behind the back-log people were too gaily engaged to observe us at the moment "I think," I said then, turning upon her, "that you are employed as an advocate, unless-you are really weary of me," " Weary of yonu" she eclaimed, half under her breath.though it wore-" weary of you, when you are such unceasing variety to me that if you married ten thousand tavern-hkeepers I should always have a room in the inn!" "Thank Heaven," I answered her, gaily, "it is an impossibility that I should ever marry one." And then there was a lull in the laughter and the snatches of song and conversation on the other sideoftheroom; andwhile I wan still gazing after my bracelet and into the ehimney-placer, where the flnames wallowdd about unhewn foret lore t ae o it tooe two men to cast to them, Colonel Voerso came over to us. " You will torn into salamanders," he aid. " It is bad enough to be in hot water," said Mirs, Monttesor, lightly. "I will leave the fire to you and Helena" "Where you sit," said Colonel Vorso then to me, "if you turn your head slightly to the left, and shade your eyes, you can see the side of the darkest and sternest of our mountains. You know we do not call our hills by the names they have in maps and government surveys; the old settlers who first came here called this one, for unknown reasons of their own, the Mount of Sorrow. It has always been the Mount of Sorrow." " An ominous name for so near a neighbour," Iaoina. "Ahl you think this region is oppressive, or perhaps dull and tame, without life or etir desolate, in fact What if I should tell you that it bubbles like a cauldron over the bottomless pit, with griefs and sins!-that in lives condemned to perpetual imprisonment .on these bare rocks, feeding on themselves, traits intensifying, the loneliness, the labour, the negation, slowly ex tract the juices of humanity, and make crime a matter to be whispered of among them? If they feel they are forgotten by God, what matters the murder or the suicide more or les that gives release? It is hell here or hell there: they are sure of this-they have it; the other may not come to pas." " What do you mean" I said, with white lipsi for as he spoke it seemed as if I had come into a land of lepers. "Here in this white solitude, among lives fed from the primitive sources of inature and tse.dew of the morning- " "Lmean," he said, "that I refuse to accept the factitious aid your thoughts have lately been bringing to me, You see I have preternatural senses Because I was born in the snows of the mountains I am no whit whiter than those born in the purlieus of the police stations of the cities. We are simply of the same human nature. When I win regard, it must be for no idle fancy, but for my own identity." Well" I said, "I do not believe you." "Ahl" he replied, "have I gained a point, and found an advoeate in, an ideal of me ? That would be as romantic as any of the romance of the hills. And there is romance here, whether it is born of crime, or of joy, or of sorrow. There is romance enough on that old Mount of Sorrow that you see when the storm opens and strips it in that soudden white glory. Keep your eye, if you please, on a spot half way up the sky, and when the apparition ebmnea aain yen wi find the dark ontline of a dwelling there. It was a dwelling ones; now. it is only a ruin, hut and barn and byre. Why do you shudder?. Do you see it? It is only a shadow; but a shadow with outlines black enough to defy the whitest blast that ever blew. Sometimes it seems to me as though that old ruin were a ghostly thing, a spectre of tragedies that will not down; for the avalanches p divide and leave it, and the storms whistle over and beat against it, and it is always there when the sun rises I don't know what it hal to do with my fortunes; I don't know why it is a blotch upon the fame of nature to me; but if ever I gre sad or sick at heart I feel as'though I'shoul be-made whole again could that evil thing 1-' removed." " Why not remove it?" "It does not belong to me. I can donothli with it. I am iiot sure that it belongs to any or -which adds to the spectral, you see- althougl I suppose there is somewhere a nameless heir. flow restless you are," he said, gently. "Will you come out in the long hall where the great window gives an unobstructed view of the thing, and walk off this nervousnesse The storm is lift ing, I think; the moon is going to overcome. One may see, by the way the fire burne, that the temperature is mountina Perhaps we shall have a snow-slide as we walk." Rhoda and Merivale were singing some of the songs they had learned since they came into the hill country, air. Montrsor was noddig behind her fan an accompaniment to Dr. Devens' remarks, Adele was deep in her novel, and a flirtation and some portfolios of prints occupied the rest To refuse was only to attract attention; besides, I should like to walk. I rose and went out with him into the hall that shut off the wing from the great empty caravnary. "And the long carpets rose along the gnstyfloor," I quoted as we walked; and despite the fire burning on either side, he had brought me a for for my shoulders, "Yes,"he said, there comes the moon at last Now you shall see the black and white of it" "Oh!" I cried, clapping my hands, as all the silvery light and immense shadows burst out in a terrible sort of radiance. "The world began to be made here Poets should be born here!" "Instead of tavernhkeepers," said he, "which brings me to my story. I am forty-three yearn old. Of course I was younger twenty-three years ago, That must have been not long before you c€me into the world yourself. Do you insist upon thinking twenty years' difference in age makes any disparity, except in the case of him who has loust jstthat twenty years' sweetness out of his lifer?" "I hardly see what that has to do with the story of the Mount of Sorrow," I said, as we turned from the window to measure the length of the hall again. "I hope," said he, "that the suffrage reform, which is to admit women to the ballot, will never let them sit on the judicial bench, for mercy is foreign to the heart of a woman." "I it not a strange way of telling'a story?" I exclaimed. "Patience!" he laughed. "The story is so short it neede a little preface. As lame saying, then, when I was twenty years old or so, the name of. old Raynfer, of the Mount of Sorrow, was a byword of terror through the region round. as the name of his father was, and his father before himn Re had no other property than the sterile farm half-way up the mountain, and almost inaccessible - in winter entirely inaccessible where he raised not half a support on the slips of earth among the ledges: his few starved sheep and goats did what they could for him, and his rifle did the rest. The Raynier of them all was possibly an escaped con rict, who fortified his retreat by these mountain sides. He had no money; the women spun and wove all that was worn. He had no education; no Raynoer had ever had; no Hayniser had ever had occasion to aign his mnrk, let alone hi. SThere hbad beer-"one sdn'in each generation; neither church or school ever saw him; his existence was scarcely known till he was ready to marry, and then he came down, and by no one knows what other magic than a savage force of nature, took the prettiest girl of the valley to his eyrie-sometimces his wife, sometimes not. WVlhen she died, and she always died, the Raynier of the day replaced her. He did not always wait for her to die before replacing her. But sadden deaths were no un common thing in that house; there was a burial ground scooped in the hillside. And who was there to interfere? Perhaps no one knew there had been a death till the year was out. What if a woman went mad? That happened anywhere People below might prate of murder, or suicide. or slowpoison-there was nobody to whom it was vital enough to open the question seriously-and then they feared the Raynier with an uncanny fear, as people fear a catamount in the woods, or the goblin of old wives' tales after dark. There were horrible stories of bouts and, brawls, of tortures, gags, whips, and--oh, no matterl 'Nor: was all thle crime on the shoulders of the Rayniec men. It was understood that more than one woman of the name found life too intolerable to endure its conditions when the fames of a charcoal fire after a dninken feast, or a quick thret over the edge of a precipice, eora bit of weed in the broth, made life easier, till remorse brought madness. And finally, if any Raynier died what may be called a natural death, it was either from starvation or from delirium tremens You me they were a precious lot" "A precious lotl" Iaid, trembling. "Ah, what is heaven made of? Poor wretches they could not help it From generation to generation the children of such people must needs be criminal." "I on't know. If removed froem such influence I To my mind environment is strong as heredity, quite as strong. It destroys the old and creates the new. However.?_ vironmentemd heredity worked together up there. In mny day-to econtnuei-the Raynier family was larger than usual The last Swife still lived, a miserable cowed creature, white as ashes, face and hair and bleached seared eyes, eyes that looked as if. they saw phantoms rather a than people. Her mind was partially gone 1 1 was a famous mountaineer then, and climb. ing wherever foot of man had been before, I once in a while came upon some or other of that family, and sometimes paused at the door, f where I had first to teach the bloodhounds a I lesson. I never entered the filthy place but once. r There were two sons and a daughter-oh, how immortally beautiful that girl was! Such velvet darknes in the eye, such tatuesque linen, such rose-leaf colour, such hair-" hair like the thistle t down tinted with gold," as John Mills, the Scotch poet-player, ang. The old man Raynior wor shipped her, perhaps as a wild beast loves its whelp But he had all sorts of r fanciful names for her, Heart's-ease, and t Heart's Delight, and Violet and Rose and flLily; he grew almost gentle when he spoke to l her; and he never knew that she was feeble r minded. She just missed being an imbecile. lmerhnps you would not have known that all at 0once; yeou might not have vfo -.l it out at all olly meeting her casually. The oitel maa ltarner sest h1o down to clhut-tli Gri thait hid ever behn. here; she could never learn to read; she could ot always tell her name. Still, her mind.wMa nnocent-perhaps because it was a blank. I save sometimes thought that blank mind of ten may have been a dead all throgh which the vices of her forbears could not .ass, and so her children, if she had them, may have escaped the inheritance, and found a chane for good again, as if nem-e should at laast etop itself. That may be." " Oh, I think this terrible," I said, e .e turned again in our walk. "Make haste, please." "Yes it is But Iwould show you thatlife can be anything but commonplace in this wilderness Well, blank or not, she had a lover, who had found her out in his sketching rambles, a young painter from distant parts, and the first boarder I ever had, by the way. And all the laynoieen ewor thoe would have be life sooner the he shold have her. One day I had been hunting on old Mount Sorrow, as it happened; there had been a sedden frost following rain that had frozen the water in the cracks of the cliffs, and made the way not only slippery, but danger. ons; for in the heat of the noon sun the eie was melting, and every now and then its expaunion was rending some fragment of rock so that your ftooing might vanish from beneath, or some shower of atones come rattling down from above; and Iwas tired when I reached the Raynler place, led by a blaze of maple boughs that started out like torches to show the way, and stopped to rest Ilooked up at an enormous shelf of rook, half clad with reddened vines that fluttered like pestilence d?ag-a shelf that, although some hundred feet or so away from it, yet overhang the place and cast a perpetual shadow there. I wondered then why nature had no secret springs of feeling to thrill her and cause her to rend the rocks and cover such a den of iniquity as we all held the spot to be. But nature was just as fair that ambrosial September day as if there were not a dissonance. Perhaps she knew the right of the Rayniera to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. A deliciouus ocet of the balsam from the pines filled the air, the sunshine swept over the hills in waves of light and the hills themselves were like waves of a golden green and purple sea where now and then a rainbow swam and broke. Peace and perfect ness, I said, peace and perfectness These people live'and are happy. On thother aide e looked into the dreary defile of the mountain gate, with its black depths hung with cloud, and remembered that if there was not a holl, there ought to be I was thinking]this as I sat there, when I heard a wild cry, an agonising ahriek, blood - curdling, repeated and repeated fromi within. It was the girl's voice. I was on my feet, and, in spite of the bloodhounds,. making for the spot and among the crew. The old woman cowered in the corner, the two brothers held the girl, the old man towered over her, his great eyes blazingin his ashen face. I can't tell ybo:what they were doing. Sometimes I have thought old Raynioer was burning her with that hot Iron he held- ". ' ",Oh, horriblel horrible!r "Burning her with that hot iron to'n.ake her give iip her loverl Sometimes I have thought he was only demolishing the little likenesses of him and of herself, which that lover had painted, and which she cherished, perhaps as his work, per heaps for the unwonted gewgaw of the slender osldue frcms.. cev ths eec riceor- wsss.vssde'-O fragments, and although she clutched half of the other, the broken half had fallen and rolled away. I have it somewhere. I will show it to yae. I had no time, indeed, to see what it was they were doing, for behind me bounded that lover like a whirlwind, thrust one brother and the other aside, seized the girl, darted over the door-sill with her, and down the crags of the mountain path. He should have what help I had. I was after him, stopping to catch up the fragment of painting as I trned, down the cliff's edge, they following. And all at once I stopped as if paralysed to the marrow by a clap of thunder, and turned my head to see the old man with his white heir streaming, and his arms uplifted in his cursing, as he came leaping on, and the next moment the shelf of overhang. ing rock had fallen, had cleft the house in twain, and sw-ther, and father, and sons, and hounds were dust, with the dust flying over the preci pice. I sawit" . - "OhT" I cried, with my hands over, my eyes " Why did it not strike you blind!" "And here," said Colonel Vorse, leading my steps to an old cabinet in an alcove, "ought to be the half of that little likeness I picked up as I i-n I wonder.what became of the other half what became of the girl-if the lover married her -if she knew enough to know he didn't marry her -if she lived long enough for him to find out she was a fool-if she was the last of the Rayniers" As he ceased, he put the half of the little minia ture into my hand. . It wan abroken bit of ivory nd on it the upper part of a face, sketchily done, with pasy-dark' eyes and blush-rose skin-without a frame. I had the frame. A heart-beat, a flattering breath, a reeling sense of the world staggering away from me, and then my bewildered senses were at workagain, and an agony like death was cutting me to the heart as we resumed our walking. Should I tell him? Should I go on with my secret, my inheritance, my curse, and let no man know? If it ate out my heart, the sooner to end; my heart was broken now. Nuever, never now could fireaide shine for me, could lover's lips be mine, could little faces sun themselves in my smile. We paused before the great window, with those vague white shapes before us, for my feet would not obey me, and the light behind us shone on the bit of ivory. If I told him, it would be easier for him to bear; he would see the impossibility, he would desire my love no longer. My fearful inheritance would yawn like a gulf between us with its impassable darkness. " And the ruin on the hill-side is an eye-sore," I said. " But it is easy to remove it I suppose it belongs to me. For-look here-it is I who must be the last of the Rsynier." And I drew from my breast the broken thing, the halved miniature, that in my mock sentimentIbad worn so long, sYou!" cried he. Youl" And his feet tottered, and he leaned against the easement for support-he who an honr or soago hadl -.: ::d so full of repressed strength th-t .i . ; I,- pulled his house down about h;. : " he not done so?' 1.ved to his side,n I ', - TobIo. conined. 