A DEAO MAN'S LOVE. | Tho rain liiul conn: so suddenly Unit tho I Countess Klsa Arcon could hot' possibly, I even by putting spin's to her horse, r'onch I (ho Castlo Liiiicut bofore she was wot I ilimm;h and through, so sho and hor old I groom, John Drim, drew rein undor tho ? ^uit-i i».iai -, in ? !, lllllfltlbUll UUUUIIILJ, I'llilO I scorned uninhabited as well. : The countess ? spi-.ui;; from hor horse, saying : I 'Hero is shelter, at least, John. Is I nut this ono of our farm-houses ? Put up I the horses, andvwo will wait in one of tho I rooms for tho storm to pass.' I 'Your ladyship forgota— — ' 'What? Are all the rooms shut up ?' mquirod tho countess, now half-way up tho Btcp3. . . ' , . 'Not shut up ; but your ladyship knows that a dragoon- regimonfc was stationed liero a week ago, and 5'our ladyship has given thom. ono of your fann'houses for quarters.' . ' Oil, was it this ono ?' laughed tho countess, and as sho knocked at the door \- . her ruling-whip, it opened, n- 1'i jor Btupp.-]1 out. He was tnlljifv.;',,^'' jt strongl}*i$!! ? tmar* ?fJjepoi:.^ I carriage, but withal so dc ju;'_. '-? that ' I tho beholder could not decide whether his ? I buauty was greater _ tlian his singular I pallor. ' ,i '..j.i I 'Oh!' ho oxclaimed, as ?».#££: ? . I lady, 'pardon mo.' ? ;: I 'I came to bog for admission, .lie I old house belongs to: mo, but you are the I owner at present ; will you give mo and I my old John shelter from tho storm ?' I 'You will bring my poor room good I fortune, mademoiselle,' and sho. found J horsclf in a room hung with epaulettes and uniforms ; tho table was a chaos of books, Jotters, cigar-cases, gloves; eravats, ink-stands, and small change. Ho swept the table clear, and sho seated hex-self and looked through. the window at the howling summer storm. ' You must keep us for .a couple of hours, lieutenant,' sho romarked, 'Will you ? I am tho Countess Elsa Arcon, of Castle Lancut.' | Ho bowed politoly, but with slight in difference, almostmcchanically. In every thing that ho did there was something measured, almost soulless, as if ho wont through tho customary forms of lifo by routme. 'I ant Lieutenant Raymond Sfcemfold. You spoko of -ny koeping you ; but, as you lot mo kribw, tho houso is yours.' *' ' Not the room, though.' Sho turned as she spoke, and for the .first time they looked each other in tho face. For the lirst time sho marked his youth, his ex isceding beauty, 'his unnatural pallor, and shivered as if with sudden cold. And as his oyes rested on hor ho seemed to fear her, lovely, as sho' was. Ho betrayed a Biulden discomposure, and caught at his heart as ono does whon overcome by sudden terror or sudden grief. But tho little scenn lasted scarcely a soeond, and they continued such a conversation as generally follows a first mooting. Sho glanced out of tho window again, and watched tho effects of tho storm with ah iii'tiut's interest. 'Does not tho beauty in all this wild ness impress you deeply ?' sho askod. iso, no saiu ; ana again slio noticou the terrible quiet, of indifference in hint, iis if ho were strange, to tho world and tho' world to him ; as if ho could fool- neither joy nor sorrow ; as if ho were » lmudspmo, ?powerful automaton, in whoso faoo his nuiker had forgotten to put a touch of living color. 'No ; I see nature's beauty and wildneBS, but I can not say they im press mo,'... 'You are, fortunate,' said the lady, slowly. ' How comfortable it must bo lor you.' ' Do you think so ?' ho replied, staring at tho raging storm ; thon, with apparent eifort, lie turned to his fair guest. 'I f am diagnicbfuliy negligent 'let me draw the sofa to tho window. ' - ' No, thank you ; I am a little cold.' 'Your habit in damp. What can I do?'1 . , , ' Givo mo a cigarette. ' ' I am sorry that I have only Virginia. J6si, Jny Cossack, slmll get you somo tobacco and rico-papcr.' ' WouM you have, him drown on tho way V cried tho counter. ' But you can not snioko Virginia.' 'I hope not. Do you take ino for n corporal V nho ciiod, with hor owii protty vivacity. ' ' I only wonder nt you siiu-king i ^uch iioison. ' . ' lrou aroacoinjoJjJBOUi'.' \ ? ill I. mi. .in .. ,,., n||| ,, u ' I havo tried all kinds. My father was an invotorato smoker, and my hua oand, Gonoral Arcon, wna ill for five years uofoi-o his death, and I waa his only nurao. I. loarnod to know my cigarottowort during those long nights of watching and waiting, m tho closo, bad atmosphoro of a sick room. ' . Sho spoke simply, and Stornfold threw her a glanco tliat seemed to n'sk pardon for an mjustico done her in his tlioughts. ' But you hivvo tea and a samovar, I see,' sho added ; ' will you give mo a cup of tea ? You soo I invite myBolf.' ' I will nmko it for you, countess.' ' What ! an officer nmko toa, with a lady in tho room 1' laughed tho protty woman, taking tho old,Chineso tea-caddy mid tho samovar into hor own hands. 'Bossordyi belongs -to your regimont, I behovo. Ho used to bo in tho Uhlans, and is a son of Field-Marshal Bo:«idyi, is ho not ?' 'You know everything, countess.' ' Oh, you wonder that I am well versed in army matters. You must remember that I am a soldier's daughter and a soldior's widow. Othorwiso I should not have flown so straight to a soldier for sholter from tho storm,' sho finished with a smile. Thoro was prido and dignity in her sniilo, childlike as hor eyes wore. Thoy drank their toa, tho clouds broke away, and the countess rose to go. 'Thank you,' she said, as sho gave him hev hand, 'and do not lot mo remain your debtor long. You aro invited to come as a friend to Castlo Lancut. I and my aunt, tho Countess Odosoali, will bo delighted to see you. Will you come V Ho bont his handsomo head. ' Your permission is an honor. Our major, Count Lottwite, will shortly wait upon you with his officers.' 'GooiVbyo, thon; I shall reach Lancut in sunshine.' As sho rode away two officers mot hor and bowed. One was tho captain Count Linski, a tall, slender mnn, with a projec ting chin ; the other was Count Dobski, ugly, and small, with frecklps, red hair, and little, falso, grey eyes. 'Look, that.is the countess from the castlo,' said Linski. ' Sho was talking with Stornfeld. How did Stcmfeld, who is an iceborg, got mixed up' — The ugly littlo red-hoa-I smiled malici ously. 'Sternfeld and a lovo-atfair 1 ' he said, scornfully. ' Not so impossible,' rotumed Captain Linski. 'Will you go with me and speak to him ? ' 'To Stornfold?.' No!' said tho little count, sharply, and tho Captain went alone. ' You havo had a visitor I soo,' ho said, as he entered the room. ' 'Lord knows, such a pioco of fomnity makes a bachelor's den more lioiue-likc, even if aho is gono. Tho toa is hot still . Yes ; thanks. It was- tho Countess Arcon. Havo you known hor long ? Or is-she a relativo I ' 1 'I saw her to-day for the first time,' answered Sternfeld, in his indifferent manner. 'Tho rain drovo her in.' 'You lucky dog ! Thon you will not be sorry when fcho major takes us all to call upon her to morrow. Sho must bo a peculiar creature. Scandal has nevor breathed her name. Sho nursed an old husband on his death, bed, vegetates hero with a half idiotic old aunt, plays tho piano magnificently, and will not hear of a suitor. What is sho like ?'. 'I really did .not notico her,' said 5-^^VJ^ ?«.»' iss xray , tltem chTirmingi'y. -v .^.^ ^v,t»..^. ..._ , oali was sarcoly more than a crdtUv-vHio ahvays.svuiled.and.ato, but sho was a sort 'r If. I1. «. .'w.^'idow, and, wiur- li J. ?oiov!f'?i.Diaphrni?u)'iiflVfl»^^^'.it rotmuo of sorvants Viiuy ????ar* i,j; ,?,.,.,,, occupants of the castle. ' ?? - ., ' As a widow,' said tho Countoss Elsa in farewell, I have no reception day, but I hope whenever you aro riding by you will come in for half an hour whon you havo the time to spare — and as many of you together as possiblo. ' There was a charming air of command about hor last words. As a soldior's daughter and a hostess, sho wished to be on good terms with all tho officers but to none intimately. Whon they woro gono sho said to her aunt : . ' Woll, dear Mona, how do you like thom V But she did not ask tho question for tho sake of any answer, for Madame Odescali's liveliest means of expression wasv an oternal, gcntlo sniilo. Sho was treated by her cheerful young nicco liko a poor orphan child, and tho Countotss Elsa talked with hor only to, express her own opinions and givo hor monologues an acceptable form. 'You don't care much for tho major, you would say,' pursued Elsa. 'Ho tries to bo moro martial than Mars. You like that long Count Liuski the best ; ho is not handsome, and ho seems to havo a wicked tongue, but ho has somo sonso, you think. Bozordyi ixu.nicc boy ; yes, you aro right. But I cannot endure that hideous Count Dobuki, nor you oithor, aunt' Ho has novor done us any harm, but we ?understand now tho provorb : ' Red hair care..' All in all, wo are raging, aro we not, aunt I Jan't it shameful that ho did not come 1 It is unpardonable I Of course, the major said to them : Gentle men, wo must pay our respects to tho countess on whoso estate we aro stationed, n»w1 nlia it* ill iviirifn na i~t\ ftmiirti' f\\\i null days,' So thoy all came except him. I care nothing about it, but it would havo buen polite to return the visit I was forced to mako him.' Tlio i. Countess supposed that Aunt Odes cali, as usual, hoard littlo and understood loss, So she started when tho Odcscali, opening her heavy mouth a little wider, saidj thickly: 'Who?' , ' Tho man who gave mo shelter in tho rain. How do I know what is name is 1 ' 'Ho in a count?'. 'No.' ' ' ?' ' .?? ? ? ' Is ho handsomo ?' 'No.' ?????. ' Wliat is ho, then ?' 'Rudo! said tho countoss with flushed chookn, then she laughed, and added: What silly things wo are to get so angry, Mona.' Aunt Moua smilad, as usual. Tlip countos.s did lior duty ; iiho invited tho Oflicors who had visited hor to dino at Lnuout. The dinners passed oil' as suoh dinnors do. Tliuy told military anecdotes, talked polities, paid a few com pliments to tho lady of tho house, ate, drank and felt completely at euso. In into of tho anecdotes Lieutenant Stemfold's naiuo camo i.ij-. 'You know him, Countess?' inter rupted Captain I/inski, involuntary. 'Ho m a member of your regiment who ?gave mo shelter in tho last rain-storm,' said the countess tranquilly. 'Why wiw ho not with you when you culled '{' ; . p.1'; cncdDobaln, shrilly, 'Stornfold ;s a httlo toque. Ho its a misanttiropo ot the dcopeat huo. You muab nob jncomira him by tho rulos of society. Hfcvo you not seen him ? Ho is as white an fao wall. 1 behove ho cats Iuoifor mutches.' . ' . Linski gave tho littlo man-a contemptu ous glanco, and, m his deepest Voice, said to tho countess : ' In fact Stornfold is sljy. He nsed to bo moro sooiablo, but for tho last nix months ho has apparently boon ailing. Xot ho is ono of tho bravest offlcora in tho army—- a man of honor-v through and through, and a hero.' ' ' Until ho had that rencontre with Prince Toko, in Vionna, about a rfrtiwwcse ,,m worao roPuta*ion,' cried Dobsti. Tho advantage wns nil on Stornfold's sulo, count,' nnia Linski, mising his voice, 'and you aro the last person to refer to tho affair, for tho sake «f vour friond Prince Toko.' 'Gontlomon,' naid the countess in a mocking voico and a haughty fneo, ' yon aro disputing about tho right and Tsreng of a man m whom I havo nob 6hesHgIi£eBt . mtorost. Pray finish your former s W. ' And when hor guests hw3 left her, Countess Elsa, who had talked, lattrfhea, and played hor bent leanod her lovoly head on Aunt Mom's shoulder as if deathly weary, and mud, faintly : ' It has boon a stupid day, Mona. For .i flffjwwMc, thoy said, and lie looks like Byron in his sorrow. , I was very silly, Mona. Hoaven bo praised, I am ?cured.'5 Aunt Mona smiled and stroked the check of her -nieco, wlro in that instant buried a DomotKinjr as yot fbrmless and nameless in her stillest soul. So tho summer passed airay. The countess -passed hor days, as formerly, ab tho pUno, or with her embroidery, in monologues with Annt Mona, or receiving visits from tho officers or from the ladies of the neighborhood. She wns naturally too proud ever again to mention Lieu tenant Stomfeld'it name, and she find probably quite forgotten him, as it novor appeared in her monologue with horaunfc. But one chanco throw hor with him. It was on the high road. A lovely summer day was changing into a disagreeable ?iLi-cwiui.ini.-ii angry winci and aust. Tho CimntcssElsa was sitting in a littlo pavilion at the park gates, whore sho had brought her work, and now sho roso and leaned ovor tho balustrado to watch a littlo caravan that was being swept along tho rond. It consisted of a bearded Italian carrying a littlo child on his back j besido him ran a littlo boy with throe pots, and a tiny girl wrapped in a coarse eloth, liko a scarecrow, and tho rear was brought up by a young man with a boss viol, a violin, and a bundle of clothes. Tlioy trotted by, poor children of tho south, drivon forward oy tho raw wind of tho north, and tho Countess Elsa's oyes followed thorn with the shadow of tears. Ono moro came after ; but no, ho did not belong to thom, thiB tall man in the faultless military cloak, and cap pulled far down ovor his brows. His oyes anfl hers met so directly that ,ho could not but pauso and bow. 'Did you seo tho poor people?' sho asked, as sho leaned ovor tho railing. TJio palo officer noarod thof gates and rested one foot on the lower step of hor pavilion, but bIic did not invite him in. 'Poor peoplo?' ho inquired, as if astonished. 'I saw' none.' 'Oil, you aro up in tho clouds !' cried tho countess. ' Thoy were just In front of yoh-, and at first I took you for ono of them.' Ho did not smile. Such a thing seemed impossible for his quiet features. ' Oh, you mean tho Italian musicians. Why do you call them poor ? They are two, they have children with them. I call thom rich. What docs your tondor heart find to pity in thom ?' Tlioro wns slight irony in his tone, not ^hat of a desire to wound, but that which ' V^K?8 *r°m a k'l*orbr roused heart. Ji ',,'nCo yo-. not sco that thoy havo no mother, and no homo '('cried tho countess. ' 'Home'? Why, thoy havo tho loveliest in tho world — Italy.' ' Italy I' sho exclaimed, angrily. 'Every man has tho land of his birth, I suppose. But tlieso poor pooplo must wander, wander, wander among strangers, misunderstood, earning thoir broad from day to day, novor seoing the noxt step bofore them, going baek to thoir Italy with gray hair and weary hearts,-, and knowing that sho may grudge thom ovon their graves. ' ' And there aro pooplo who novor may hope to sec thoir native land nguin, coun tess,' uiiBwored tho palo officer, sharply. ' There aro many quite respectable people who wandor among strangers, stammerinp another tonguo, or grown quito dumb, but thoy find no pity, because thoy do not parado their loneliness. Do you think an oak tree may not bo lonoly, helpless may not dio of noglcct in tho midst of a forest of oaks ?' Sho bont hor head and roso, ' You should know that bottor than I,' sho said; 'but tho storm is increasing and I am growing cold. Good night.' Sho bowed and vanished from1 tho pavilion. Ho pursued his homeward way against tho wind, but once lie stood still and looked back. ' Sho muBt hate me,' ho said to him solf ; ' and why ?' Then as ho walked ho murmured, ' Is it worth while ?' And when ho reached homo ho said to his Cos sack : ' J6tsi, lay out my parado things to morrow. I shall mako a visit.' Tho Countess Arcon was on tho point of making a tour of hey field, whon aho heurd tho boll announcing a visitor. It seemed to ring liko a call for holp in tho ears of tho misti-ess. 'Poor Aunt Odcscali and poor visitor,' she murmured, and turned back from tho hedgo-gato to tho front stops. Tlioro sho found Lieutenant Stcmfola. Slio bowed, but stood still instead of ontcring tho houso. Tho beauty of tho day might bo hor oxcuso, though her racoption was not cordial. Ho stood boforo her as bofore his general, and said, coremoniously : ' Madame la comtosso, I have come to pay you my respects. How beautiful your park is !' it was a beginning, and they walked together along tho gravelled path and around the fountain in front of the houso He answered moro than ho talked, but hIio felt conversational with him in spito of hoi'Dolf. Sho showed him tho two pavilions that hor husband's parontn had built, and spoke of hor own childish fancies. ' Yes,' ho ropliud, 'youth is irrcpros siblo. It it; past and gone, and we givo it up, but it always seems to bo standing behind us. to koop a soft lnuiil un our [shoulder, and ita swuot mouth says, ' Thank God for me.1 ' 'Ah, I liko you now!' cried E1b:i ; 'you would look on thoso poormicticians of yesterday with different oyes to-day. You wo ono of thoso people on whom the weather hti3 n gi-eut inHuunou, like plants.' i-— - ^- ' Do you -think so, countess ?' ho an mvorod, with ft mid glimmer of a omilo. But it u-tf- a smile. 'I think you aro Mistaken, Every heart longs fop joy and (fladvresfl ; fcharo in nono thti6 finds pleasure m melancholy only became tho Weather changes. The mmaHine ot storm that makes our rouIb light or dark is within ub, nnd not cosily altered by force of wfll.' ' It . peoplfc have' heavy hardens to bciir,' said tho countess, ' thoy must not isolate thomsclven ; thoy must ocok cheer ful people and fay to lead a cheerful lifo, else they will find oxistonco poor and wretched.' '15° £°U m-wr mo ' ' ao naked, softly. 'Yes' aho roitrmed, heartily. Pardon mo, but I think you are a little unsjTii pafihofcie and unsociable. Of course it conserns no ono, lenst of all a woman ; but I am nofc a woman — I am a neigh bour.' , He answered hor smile, and there van oomothing liko gratitude in hiB olanco and the light flurt earao Into his face like n winter sun «n a mow-fioM. 'Havo you neror henrfl, countess,' ho nsked, slowly, 'of a vrrnnnn who in a Hmo of epjdomio ftvoidefl her etra child, and iftini iht, door on her -weeping troa saro ?— wlio diea alone, without n hand to wipe Sie (leafih-dft-inp from hor brow, fliat she might save Rer ohiKl of infoetton ? Or say that a man Rnows ' ho is poisonofl ehmugh And flirrJUjrii— Hmt the Wuch of his hand, fcho braith of his lips rill bring his enro enrao es others — trilt ke not miy ?to thoso who lore him, 'BsekT Or, rnthoi1, will ho not wvoifl evory miportu nity to love, when ho lenowB that his love irill bring dostrnetion to its object 1 Or, fhko a wretched vngrnnt orn whom rest* fcho olirno of some crime, and who capects every day to fool flie hand of ignominy on his shoulder ; lot some loving boing — a friend, a wife, a brother — open the door ot n homo to him on his weary mareh, wnrm oh the hearth may glow, soft as the lump ran,y burn, lovingly as the lips may smile, will he enter to bring his ourso ocroBs that threshold ? No I' 'Perhaps not' said'Elaio Aroon j 'but what courngo, to bo wrotehed, dying, and to push away the hand that wonld succor! But whero havo you leamctl that dreary way of looking at lifo ? Is not this oarth beautiful ? Look at tho roses. Soo how tho sun sends poarly lights across tho spray in the fountain. Is it not glorious ? Is it nofc bliss to be alivo ?' ' Who conM say no to you ? ' he an s-tvered with shining oyes- and a faint fcromnlousneas of tho lip. e ' You fill ovory ono that hears you with your joy in lifo. It is a blessed gift, and ono that scatters blessings. Ood protect you from all sad ness !' Sho blushed, but without embarrass ment, and thoir eyes mot. Whon tho glanco of two puro and noble souls meet and hold each other, a moment of restful pause from tho storm of life cornea to both, even if what the world call lovo never has existed betweon them and never is to oxist. Sho only thought how glad sho was that at lost ho scorned happy. Suddenly Homothing scorned to soparato him from hor, aa if a horrible rccolloction swept over his soul. He turned deadly pale, his mouth grow distorted, but only for a second ; then ho regained his self control, the. terrible quiet that she had just Biiccooded in breaking. Spirits may look ho when they hovor over t-ha cradle of an orphan child and hear fho cock crow. 'I quite forgot,' ho said, prcaontly, cl that 1 am nndor orders to-day, nnd must go baok. Pardon me for having trcspnssod on --our time so long, madame. Had sho dreamed that this apathetic statue that spoke bo mechanically and moved so wearily had been but n moment beforo a thinking, feeling human being ? No. An sho looked after him, Elea said to herself that ho iros no misanthropo, ho was not unfooling, ho was only mortally tired. Ho had a hoarfc. A fow days afterward there was a fair in ono of the groat markot tmvnn, and Elsa Arcon, with hor Auni, Odescali and eight or ton friends from the neighboring estates, drove over in a party to look on. Late in tho afternoon they sot out for home, but the evening wns so lovoly that it scorned a pity to - separate, and what pleasantor than to occopt tho Invitation of tho protty Countoss Arcon, and havo suppor and Bpend tho night at Castlo Lancut ? Aftor suppor, as tho mr ?? -???'?»ht was bril liant, thoy all went out u[ ? ho terrace, whoro tho night air was heavy with tho perfume of flowers. ' It is just tho hour to listen to somc th'ng thrilling,' said ono of tho ladies. ' Who knows a ghost story ?' ' Or a murder story ?' said another. ' You always have a story ready, DobskiJ' cried ono of tho mon to tho freeklcd littlo count, tho only officor present. ' Yos, 1 know jv story, but not tho sort you want. 'It is tmo, though; I havo it on tho best of authority.' ' Oh, toll it ! When did it happen ? Do, wo know the heroine?' 'That 'I can not say, but it happened about a week ago in Paris. Tho lady's name was Fclico Franoin. Her father wns a general in tho cavalry, and sho wna out of boarding-school. Tho old general, though he was much beloved by tho army, was really rather a common sorb of advon turor. Ao was oxtravogant to tho last dogroo, guzzled ohampagno at breakfast, and his wifo was a milliner's doll, and nothing moro. So ho went on' making .debts, though ho knew ho novor could pay, nnd ovory ono lent becauso ho gavo his word of honor. But a day came when he must oithor break his word 'or go to tho Jews. Well, ho had a friend, an old man, who said to him : ' I will pay your debts on condition that you sell mo your daughter — I beg pardon — I mean that sho will marry mo.'- So tho father spoko to hjs daughter, nnd she clung to tho old mnn with both hands, and to secure Bilk dresses and diamonds for .life sho soldhorself liko u-balo of goods.' ' Is that all tho story?' said a Polish count. 'There is nothing unusual in that.' ' Yes,' grinned Count D-M-ski, ' it is a very simplo story, hutsupposo thohuruiuo woro ono of our f ricndH ? ' 'Oh, it is tuo disgraceful 1' cried tho ladios. At last the moon sot, and they separated for tho night. As Dobski kissed his hostess's hand, hIio said : 'Thank you, count, for oiitort.iininjj. my guesra no kindly when 3 wns tired.' 'Oh, countess, you flutter mo,' ho answorcd, modestly. But if ho had Been hor heart he would havo trembled, re morseless as ho was. Early the next morning tho gucats iissomblcd for hrcakfiist and departure. .Tho lady of the houso sent hov oxcuso.s. Slio had caught cold un tho terrace, uud waa unable to appear. Aftor iho gucste were gono, Aunt Mona knocked at; the door until sho oponud it, Hero oyos woro t , \- ( W ' ??-??-.? -??^.1;V-.ivt.^-W:^;^.'-:;.-:i^ red, vnfh sleeplossnosB or crying, as oho j said : ' ? ? ?' . 'A little headaoho, auntie. I am j better, thank you.' Then nho went back to her chair, and sat down with hor head ir. her hands, supposing hor smiling aunt would go away. But snddonly sho folt Aunt Mcma's hand on hor Bhouldcr, and heartl ho say : ' Ehm, I will toll you what is tho matter. Will; you listen ?' Elsa stared at hor. Tho stereotyped smile had gono from hor face, and hor oyes woro dim with tears ; and she spoke dis tinctly, though slow and heavily : ' Yon wondor to hear mo talk, and to know that I can think. A veil seemed to fall from my mind not long ago, n?id my head bogan to live agam. Sub it was hard for mo to talk, so I kept 'stilly and 1 hoard psnplo say such evil things, that I .did not caro to open my mouth to them. 'But you never laughed at mo, Elsa, and I must speak to you, for you aro unhappy. That foul-mouthed man wounded you to tho heart yostoi-day, nnd you nro alone. I can only comfort you, not holp you ; yon / must find a friond to do that. You have ono in your heart, and ho is bravo, bn* you would nevor eall him, ro I have sent for him, and ho will be hero to-day- Who ?s he, do you ask ? Conld I moan any ono but tho man who this moment is riding to your door?' And sho pointed to tho window, and tha mnn that Elsa Arcon saw was Lioutenant Stcrnfold. Slio went down to rcceivo him, and motioned, him to sit besido hor. He said, in his weary yet courteous way, that sho had sont for him, and that ho had come to know in what way ho could bo of serrico to her. Sho tried to answer with coldness nnd prido, but Bho looked at him and trusted him. ' Pardon my Bonding for you,' sho an sworod ; 'I need a friend.' ' Who has moro friends than the Cona-' teas Arcon V \ 'Friends who would liko to bo suiter*. Do you think ono of tho mon who come to jny house, if I called on them in this way, would not fool justified in taking advan tage of it? For that reason I sent for you.' 'Forme?' 'Yes; becauso you are indifferent to me as a woman, beeauso you aro indif. ferent to the wholo world, and because I feol that you arc an honorable man.' Sho was almost as palo iis he, as she con tinued : 'So, in this moment of my lifo whon I 'need holp, will, yoii be my friond V' Sho seemed rather to confer than ask a favour. ' Your friond,' ho murmured. ' It is a simple thing that I ask you to do ; only to road this letter /rom my dead father on tho day of my marriage to Gonernl Arcon.' ' Countoss, I cannot road your letter, I cannot. accept tho honor of your friel'idahip, nor ask you to rely on ,my bofriending you.' . . . , Slio rose, with rago and shame. 'Becauso 1 am not a dansctuicj' she cried. ; ? 't . . 'You know about that?' His eyes were unnaturally largo, and his lips grow as white as his cheeks.. Sho was frightened at what sho had said, but her prido enmo back. ' I havo heard it.' 'That damcHsc, madnmo lacomtCHSO, I havo tiover npokon to, novor ovon Koon,' he said, with a roturn of his customary ' indifference to her, to tho world, to him self. ' Prince Teko was her avowed lover. One evening at mess, whon he had been drinking, he gave an infamous description of his inamorato, with whom he had quarollcd. I did not know tha woman, but tho thing onraged mo. I told the princo my opinion of him. That was all.' Sho drew a long breath. 'Can you pardon mo ? 1 was hurt lit you refxising to defend mo. And so tho thing blew ovor ?' His lips formed tho word ' Yes.' ' Ana you forgivo mo ?' 'For what?' 'I was afraid I had wounded you,' she said, almost shyly. , ; Ho made no answer, only took the letter, and said : ?- .. ' ' I am to road this 1' ' If you plcaso.' It ran as follows :- ' My deaiily beloved EtSA: Willyou, indeed, take this stop 1 Think that ho is an olil man, and you are 'still almost a child. Truo, ho once did mo a great sorvico, and spared me a dcop sorrow, but was ho not my old friond and companion in arms ? Now that ho is sick and alone ho needs caro', you Bay, and you will pay my morel debt and fetter your young lifo toa sick old man. Don't do it Elsa, 1 implore you. Arcon is no longorrich, nnd wo nro wealthy onco moro. Wo will mako him ono of ourselves, and teach him to forget his prido, but not through your' self-sacri- fice. There is still time to say no, Elsa. Say it !' '1 was an overstrung, cccontrio girl,' said Elsa, as ho finished, ' but I havo wovor regretted my step. I gave my Nj^ii^r's benefactor a happy old ago. Tho vlorld judges only by appearances, and yesterday a wicked man said wicked things of me to my faco, without naming names. But how often will he name that at moss and in gossiping visits? So all I ask is that a friend who is not a lover shall say with authority, 'It is nofc truo.1 Willyou say that ?' ' Whatdoyourcijuire of me, countess?' ho oxclaimcd. ' If you only know !' ' What do I require 1' sho cried, in a stifled voico. ' Is it so much ? Am I not worth oven a word ?' ' Yos,' ho groaned. ' You must not speak so. You are tearing niy heart out. Pardon mo for leaving you, countess — I am ill. You shrill loam whether' I can bo your friend or undertake Hub mission, but not now.' His words rang in hor cars, but ho was gono. * * * # «? * Lieutenant Sbekxi'blij to the Countess Ahuon. 'Madame i,a Comtessk.; I do not know ijhiit I am to say to you in this loiter. .. I only know that I must tell you all that tstrhggloR in me. You will take those words for what they arc, the cry of a heart that would give tliu lust drop of its lilood to sparo you n sad moment, to win u fmiilo from j'ou, to linger for an hour by your sitlo. ? 1 am young, my huavt ia full to 'overflowing, and 1 bIihII novor seo you again. Frum tho moment Hi.it you rend the:iu lines I nhiill havo vanished from tho world for you. Do not be angry that I dared not accept tho honor of lioing your brothor. AIj' unhappy fato forbids mo to live with life, to count upon to morrow. But ono thing it does not for bid — tho courago'and tho power to loll you that 1 lovo you with the first, holiest, and oil, indeed, thu last love of my -heart. 1 lovo you with evory fibre of my buiiig, with ovory thought of my soul, withev^ry pulse of my body thiifc in ?» few momenta / ?.'.?,\^\X :;' '?' '', ?M-.i;-: '??.'.?? i- to moulder in tho grave, whoro it has kmif beon due. J lovo you unutterably. God liless x°u. Farewell forever. S ' ??* * .* * * - * A. starless niglit hung over tho Ln.ncufc estates, oppressive, damp darkness, through which a woman knocked at tho lonoly farm-houso whoro LioutcnantStom fold lived. Tho 'door wn.% oponed by the man himself, with a light in his hand. She entered ; hor old servant, John Drim, stood on the stops outside' Tho Countess Elsa Arcon pushed back tho hood of hor waterproof aiidjSaid, as aho stood within tho threshold : ' ?.' Lieutenant Sternfeld, you aro a wicked man.' 7* ? Ho placed his light on the window-sill with trembling fingers, only Baying: 'Yott hero, coiintoss?' and thon stood with folded hands boforo her, to if sho woro a Bnint. But sho looked at him with breath Iobb anger. ?,-,'. ' You tor'rrified me to death by your letter. Hoaven bo praised, you aro here.' ' You wore alarmed about mo ?' 'Yes she answered, honestly, though tho glanco she gave him trod indescribable in its reproach and pride- ; ' now it is ovor. I wns alnrmcd about) a human boing in dcop distrcBB, I was stupid enemgh for that. No ono over cared for my grief. ' Ho caught her hand and held hor from going. ? . . . ' 'Elsa, 'do notlcaro me!' Ho Dried. I told you that I .was wretched, and you'— ' 'I ouly wishod to tell yon to bo brave,' sho struck in. ' You havo a wifo you do not lovo, or you nro- in lovo with some one you cannot marry, and you whimpor liko n, child. Is Chat manly ?' 'Lovo anyono but yon? I can boar it no longer inyfchis last hour when I must return to tho grave in which I have beon lying for n, year. Eka, I dared not tako or roturn love, becauso — I am a dead man!' Sho took a sudden step backwards and stared at him as if ho wna mad. ' Yob, ' he continued, with his oyes fixpd despairingly on her face; 'Have yon ricvor felt it ? Listen.' I am only a ghost ; to. morrow's sun must not sec me on oarth. Do you think I am mad ? Listen. My paronts were poor ; I was always lonoly and ambitious, and I would nob dissipate my youth as othor mon do in my 'profession. 1 told you of my quarrel with Prince Toko. A duel jiatu^ rally followed, but our colonol interfered and it was stopped, at least nppnrontly ; not really, however. As wo could not fight openly, wo arranged a secret duel. IVo drew lots in- tho presence of two ? witnesses, Dobski and Linski. The one on whom the lot fell was to die by his own hand boforo tho oikI of a year. It fell on me, and to- morrow is my last day. Why should I not have died boforo 1 I could take caro' of my mother so much the longer ; and I lived bo litt-s- always work ing for my fortune So I have lived my year, but how ! Day by day, hour by hour, death crept towards mo. I dared bind mysolf to no one. I nuiat stamp out all loijging for life and love. Then you came into my lifo, and I loved you. 1 saw heaven, and dared not stretch out my hand toward it ; I saw thu highest blowing of lifchold .out to me, and had to dash it from my thirsting lips; I must die— mid you stand boforc mo tho imago of tho beauty, glory, and blessedness of lifo, hopelessly lost to mo.' His eyes closed, and he fell full length bofore hor, cntching a fold of her dress in his fall. She sank boside him, took him in hor arms, and^ bogged him, a-s if beside hersolf to say it was not truo ; bIio cried that she loved him, -and how wns it pos siblo for him to dia whon they could be happy? ^ 'It is wall I took the poison bofore you came,' ho paid, atlnst ; 'now I should not havo the cournyo.' ' , His cyer. did not close again, but rested on her faco with nn expression of unspeak able lovo. She saw the end was near, and neither spoke nor moved. . Her lips received his last breath. Tho whole-corps was at first horrified at tho 'legitimate' nuicido of a brave com rade, who nn hour before his dentil had written to tho colonel sotting forth fcho reason, but thoy nil declared ho could not havo done otherwise. The Countess Elsa Arcon withdrew with her poor aunt to somo quiet Italian baths. Tho great world thought, tho countess was acting nobly in tending her poor imbecile ralative. Thoy did not know it was the rolativo who was nursing a djing woman. For whon tho Spring camo Elsa wont out of lifo as a flamo goes out. A maladie dc langncv, said fcho physicians. Sho was buried in tho sweet Italian convent which sho had endowed with hor fortuno.and in which Aunt Mona lingored out hor last days, without a word and without a Bmilo. — Translated, from the German of E. M. Vacauo by Helen Lake. '-' . ' '''' ? 