ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ?'.??'? ?'? (By The Ghost.) VV And we carry, on tuo sauio olu game, ? '. is.th'e refrain of a well known comic song,. ' which might with singular appropriateness; just now bo sung by honourable members, of the Legislative Assembly. The new: .Licensing Bill conies' up for discussioni 'nightly with a persistent regularity that, ?.can hardly fail in calling to mind thoi .'oloyed disgust of the French gourmet atj i the ever recurring-partridge, jcocaespvto -the unyielding manner an which Mr., 'Service keeps his followers up to, the j .mark; and insists upon a consider able - portion of each Parliamentary: .sitting being devoted to what,, Mr. | ? Mantilini would assuredly have styled ' the i deninition . grind,' ',. but' slow progress is made with the measure, About a third ?of the bill— -if we reckon the number of .clauses^ that, constitute the magnus , opus of the Ministry — lias been dealt -with;. and | as this stage has 'only been reached / by j dint of postponing discussion on sonib1 of ?the most important principles pf, the bill, 'a number of promises, by .the. Attorney- j 'General to bring down now clauses to meet i the views of some of the opponents; of the ; bill, and some considerable concessions on j the part of the Government, there is not much to boast of in the way of legislative .?work performed; .It must have been with i a high sense of relief the Assembly turned j from the - publican - to ? '- the ' Trades' I Unionist, and listened to Mr. Deakin while, he moved the first reading' ' of ! the long-promised Factories Bill, over, the non-introduction of .which, at an earlier ? period of the session, Mr. Berry was 'so. roughly handled by his erstwhile Trades' i -Hall admirers, and. voted a 'humbug' and : 'an. old fraud' by the representatives of ther ''orny-'anded sons of toil,' who were wont to worship tho Chief Secretary as par excellence . ?'the friend, of the working : man.' 'The Government was also able; to i ?hatch an hour in which to 'discuss:the : estimates, during which a couple of .the I departments were rushed thro.ugh,' albeit ? several irrelevant matters were introduced- j one being a sham motion to compel the : Harbour Trust .to purchase -all its appli- : ances ' in the colony ; and the other the j grievance of ;a dismissed railway official, | who unavailingly ! sought , ' to , obtain the redressal of his wrongs through the cum- i brous means of a select committee. ? ; ' ' To the close observer there are not' wanting signs ? and portents which 'betoken that ; the ? fiat has - 'gone! forth,1 arid that ere the completion ^of another parliamentary session the'Coali tion- Ministry will be numbered .with the \ past! The disintegrating process, so to j speak, has commenced in the Ministerial ' ranks.. Mr. Kerf ei'd voting for 'the prohi-: bitory resolution of Mr. A. T. Clark is toj ;put the matter, mildly, an exhibition, of, senile; silliness, leading to the inevitable \ ?conclusion that the Government has; 'reached'tho period of existence known asj '.*', second, childhood,' which in , the human j .race is the certain forerunner of approach-j 'ing. dissolution, and each; night's debate' affords numerous instances of honourable ?xaembers ?' talking over the heads of Par-, liament,' and preparing themselves for; ?the change which they intuitively feel is, 'impending. , ' , , Petitions in connection with the Licens :ing Bill are still being presented to the ? Assembly. With regard to these docu-; :ment«, .it' is' worthy of remark that while! r.-fch'a 'Wesleyan body lias been unanimous; and most enthusiastic in support -of the measure,- the Church of England has shown; a large amount of apathy, and the Roman; Catholic body, has.not presented a 'single ; .petition. There. ha,i always been in the; minds of the irreverent at all events such, ?a' close; association, between good whisky ^ \- and orthodox Presby terianism, that it is ; 1 Hardly' tobo wondered at that a wide dif-' ? feronce , of opinion exists amongst the ! 'denomination in reference to the 'bill.) Some congregations have petitioned against , .'the- measure, while others have signed documents approving of .its provisions.; .The value of these signatures is, however,: liable to a heavy, discount, when it is; borne in mind that nearly all the- auto-; graphs are those of persons who have well-; stocked cellars, of, their own, and whose allowance of ' grog ' would not bo ?diminished by a single drop were every: public-house in .Victoria closed to-morrow. j Theeriquiry by the committee appointed to investigate certain complaints made by j '-the inmates of the Melbourne Benevolent \ .'Asylum has ended in a ' fizzle.' . Not one; ?of the grumblers could screwi his or her : ;-courage to the sticking ? . point when ^afforded' the opportunity of airing their1 ?grievances^ Mrs. Hubbard, at ;whose in-' stance the enquiry was held/was unable,: through her proteges, to substantiate a; /single case of cruelty, neglect, or mis-; ?conduct on the part . of the officials. When in the. Board-room of the institution: xeady to, substantiate her charges, the busy, lady philanthropist must have found her-! 'self .very much .in the position of her namesake, immortalised in nursery rhyme.: 'When she got- there, her cupboard was, bare' of all proof. None of the poor old! 'inmates would come forward to corrobo-! rate the 'yarns' poured into. Mrs. Hub-: .'bard's too willing 'ears, and the sensational .stories of patients, robbed , while in their) 1 death agonies, arid, the packing of their! .'bodies into coffins too small to contain L-them without breaking their bone's .to .oasure .a- good' fit, still ;lack r corifirma-j ? tiori.'- -? ?, ? : '?'' ?' ? . '??? ? - ? .'- ; '-'????Bakerswho use alum and don't weigh their bread may now possess their souls in: 'peace.: An act. has been passed which will /effectually spoil the lucrative profession, 'of the ''informer' by enacting that all , fines -and penalties — which have in the -past .been: his perquisites — shall be paid into the generalrevenue. . Wo .may hence forth expect, as a result of this most recent .step in legislation, that the so-called ' two pound loaf' will turn the scale at one i pound six ounces. ' ' ? . ' l If the story told by the officers of one of. the largest steamers runnirg between i Melbourne and New Zealand bo not one ' concocted for the special behoof of ' the : marines,' a now and. ever increasing, element of danger to those 'who go. down . to the soa in ships ' has been discovered..! It is asserted that the compasses of the | vessel were so seriously affected ' by the ; Bteel ' iurproyer ' of a lady passenger on : deck that the ship was diverted from her | true course, 'and but for 'the .acci-: dental discovery, by the ) captain, i of the cause' of the. deviation1 in.' the needle, .the vessel would havo : indubitably, run ' aground. Although the details' 'of, the affair may not bo strictly accurate) there) is ' rid doubt a great deal of truth) in' the story. '' Was not; England's greatest naval hero, the victor of Trafalgar and Copenhagen^ well nigh brought to grief by Lady Hamilton ? History, is silent as to whether the fair friend of the gallant admiral did or did not wear a ' crinolette, ' but certain it is that had the New Zealand commander come to grief, he. would riot have boon fairigularin his misfortune. His would not have been the first instance of '.a sailor being' got iato a scrape by a ' petti coat/' or for that ' matter a landsman either.)) l'r ; ) .? ;''.'? . ? ?' ' Among' the theatrical .notices of one of the metropolitan 'weeklies ' appears the announcement 'that 'f Borne i bears are per forming in the suburbs of Melbourne.' 'A cvnical friend suggests that there' is ? evi dently a ''topographical' error'somewhere, as'tho ParliatneritHouses are certainly not 'in th'e suburbs:'1, ; ; .',' ' ' '''. , .'?-,,'. ' ..People; are) beginning to ask therii'selyes when the ''piquant,'' 'revelations,' which ^ero))to)bethc result of ,the investigations instituted by the ' special comrinssioner ' of ,. a' certain , metropblitari ' ' idaily .' journal wnich has set itself the task, of looking after, the morals of the public, are, to see the, light. ?' It may perhaps terid.'to'remoye a' 'good deal of anxiety to announce that the, prbinised expose has been postpbried sine tiic'.1! A; very1 cursory , investigation was) sufficient . to 'reveal , the : fact.that a nuuiborbf, the persons of whbiri. the ' goody, .'gopdy,' paper is the! recognised organ -would be. 'implicated,', arid; deeming discretion the better ' part ' of : Valour, the conductors of the journal' re- ' solvbdto keep, their 'discoveries tothem-! selves, arid draw a veil over the'wickedness ' they had at one time threatened to, expose. ; All that is known for ' '.certain is' that; enough evidence was obtained, to. show, that i the sooner the Criminal Law Amendment ! Bill, which is the title of the! measure re- ! cently passed by the Imperial Legislature | for the- protection 6i young feniales,isi placed! upon the Victorian Statute .Book 1 the' better 'will it be i for, the budding! womanhood of Victoria. ,',,'.' '..'.'..?',, \ ! Ihe riumbei1 of 'strikers', is on ' the; in- 1 crease., ' In addition; to 'the ^ tirismithsi th'ei ranks of the yoluritarily unemployed has ' been swelled by recruits f rbui the tailors j and the bootmakers. . The newest thing 'in i 'strikes ' isi' however^ ! that of the Chinese cabirietmakei's. ' 'John 'wants higher wages, and, following the example of' his i European follow colonists, has /determined1 to enforce his demands by ? 'a strike,'- and! yet there are people still ready to maintain : that 'the heathen Chinee' is npt amenable ! to the. influences of western civilisation.'' ' September 21.' ?. . ;' '? : ?'?'? ? : ? . — —?+ — : — ! ? ?-'' - ;-' ? ????- ' 