GENERALITIES. To beep apples from decaying, pnt them in a cool place—where there is a large family of children. Music or no music, is an historical as well as a zoological fact that the cat was the original purr former. Sallying Cry for the Tort Democrats.— Instead of "The Church in danger"—Church-ill I —Punch. A worthy hailie of the Canongate, in days of yore, is said to have granted a warrant to search a soldier's knapsack for a cartwheel. " Well, my young gentleman, how would you like to have your hair cut?" " Oh, like papa's, please, with a little round hole on the top." A jnrymast is a mast that is used when no better mast is obtainable, and a juryman—but of course there is no resemblance between.the two. In Denmark a drunken man is taken home in a hack by the police, and the saloon-keeper who sold him the last drink has to pay for the hack. " Hour father is entirely bald, iBn't he?' said a man to a son of a millionaire. "Yes," replied the •mill, eaiilv "IS, IS. S.I, S. ha. Infl " youth sadly, "I'm the only heir he has left. An Itish peasant stared hard at a guide. " You'll know me again if you meet me," said the guide. " Not if you wash your face," replied the peasant. " The chisel cant help her any," is the inscrip tion on a stone to his mother's memory, erected by a Dions and philosophic resident at Duxbury, Mass. It is said that cholera never attacks a man with a wife and five or more children. This would go to show that Nature never hits a man when he is down. An old bachelor, who read the other day that among the wranglers at Cambridge this year were two young women, declares that he is not a bit sur prised. There fs a farmer boy in Ohio who has the making of a "funnyman" in him. He recently wrote an ode to the dead mother of his pet lamb and called it an " Ewe logy." In Genoa the policemen wear silk hats and carry silverheaded walhingsticks. Genoa seems to be the ,only place where a policeman can look as big as he feels.—Burlington free Press. Old Lady (gazing at oil painting)—" Who painted that air picture, mister?' Dealer—" Bosa Bonheur." Old Lady—"One of the oid masters?' Dealer— " No, ma'am; one of the old missuses." Minnie (inquisitive child)—" Mamma, you told me that ladies should always be first, didn't you?' Mamma—" Yes, my darling, certainly." Minnie— " Then, if you please, why wasn't I born before Willie?' Judge—" Do yeu understand what you are to swear to?' Witness—" Yes, Bah. I'm to swar to tell de truf." Judge—" And what will happen if you do not tell it?" Witness—" I 'ejects our sid'll win de case, sah." Baby cries, and is sent to a side table. Papa says—" When you have a beard you can sit with papa." The house cat jumps up familiarly beside him. Baby (furiously)—"Jump down! You have a beard. Go eat with papa." Fond Mamma—" why, I thought you and little Flossy Brown were great friends." Little Miss Fashion—" So we are; but you wouldn't have me play with a little girl who dresses her doll in last year's fashions, would yon, mamma ?' Max O'Bell sends this from LondonA School Board examiner asked the following questions of a little girl—" What is the plural of man ?' " Men." "Very well. And what is the plural of child?" "jTwins," immediately replied the little girL Forwards !—Follower (at the tail of the proces sion)—"E—h, d'ye see yon wee Tarn McUowkie the-r-re! He maun be i' th' front, ye mind, what ever^ gaun on." His Companion—" I'the front! Aye, mun" (viciously) " he'd be i' the hea-arse if he could!"—Punch. " Bobby," said the minister at the dinner table, " what do you expect to do when you grow up ?" " I'll be a minister, I think." "That's a laudable ambition indeed, Bobby. Do you think you will like to be a minister" Ob, yes," Bobby replied. " Pa says you've got the softest job in town." A Fact.—Salvation Anny Black Man (to Farmer in opposite corner of third-class carriage)—" Have you been born again, my friend ?' Farmer—" Don't know. Have you?" Black Man—"Yes, I have." Farmer—" Well, then, if I'd bin you, I'd 'a bin bom a white 'un 1" [Collapse of Black Man.]—Punch. " No," said a Vermont deacon, " I don't approve of hossracin', but when another member of the Church becomes so godless as to try to pass me on the road comin' home from meetin' I feel it my duty to the Church to let out a leetle on the lines, just to bfifln him fmm rmtfin* hia t.rnafr. In aarfhlw fblmvo « keep him from puttin' his trust in earthly things." Mamma—"What are you crying for, Annie?' Annie (who has suddenly burst into tears)—" Be cause—because—you've taken my orange." Mamma —"Why, you asked me to have it two or three times." Annie—"Yes, I know I did; but I thought you would say' No, thank you,' and give me another as well." Social Agonies.—"By-the-way, are you dining with the Montmorency Browns to- night?" "Oh, Heavens I Now I remember, they did ask me to dine there to- night." " What—and you forgot to answer ?' " Oh, I answered fast enough; but I've clean forgotten whether I accepted or declined."— Punch. "We recently saw an account of the different devices used by actors to keep from smiling on the stage," writes an editor. One never-failing device is for the actor to catch sight of the manager step ping out the back way with all the box-office re ceipts. That iB what they call a heroic remedy, we believe. Depression.—Tourist (tipping the old gravej mover the digger, who had shown him over the Cathedral)—"I suppose, now so many visitors are in the town, you 11 be doing well?" Gravedigger—"On aye, there's a wheen fowk gaun aboot, but"—(gloomily) —" there's terr'ble little deein' in the diggin' waye." Punch. An article in an exchange is headed " Why Presi dent Cleveland Didn't Fisn on Sunday." We haven't read it, but suppose it was because he spaded up half an acre of ground without finding a single worm. We have frequently been in same aggra vating predicament. P. S.—On a week day.—Harris town Herald. " The young lady is in evening dress," said one of Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes's friends, as a rather elaborately dressed damsel stepped out on the hotel piazza to admire the sunset. " The close of the day, my dear sir," remarked the witty professor. " That is Holmes-pun," was the reply. " I am worsted," concluded the poet. At a lecture on "Woman's Bights," recently given by a member of the Shrieking Sisterhood, the lecturer, to prove her case, was at some pains to demonstrate that " a man is what a woman makes him." Mrs. O'Brallaghan says, "How's that for right? S'posin' I make Mr. O'B. a pair of slippers, is he a pair of slippers ?' An Irishman in the army got his leg shot off. While lying or the battle-field with his dismem' bered leg beside him, the glorious news came that the enemy were flying in all directions. Said he— •• Fa 111, .no loo oonnoo — A Faith and be jabers, put me leg in the cannon and shoot it after them; I want to give them one more kick before tbey get off." Doctor—"I'm glad to bear, Sandy, that your neighbour who died yesterday was a member of the Funeral Society." Sandy—" Ativeel ay, doctor. He list lined it a vear sin*. An' tfiere'a nulr me ha* jist jined it a year sin'. An' there's puir me has been payin' in tae't fur rnair than ten o' them with out bein' a penny the better o't. Be wis aye yin o' the lucky sort sin he was born. Pair Jock!" A daily paper announces that "a gentleman's visit ing card, married or unmarried, is 1J in. by 3} in. in size." This is pleasing news. It has been so long since we have met a married card that we had for gotten the size. Tb6 paper farther says" A young lady's card, whether the eldest daughter or a youngest daughter, is 2 in. by 31 in." Daughters of all cards, please take notioe. The Last Ball of the Season.—(Scene—Grand Hotel, Lawntennisville-super-Mare.) He—"I beg yonr pardon, but—er—1 did not quite catch the name " She—" Miss Fitz-Montmorency." He— "Thanks, thanks- What a pretty name, and so uncommon." She (haughtily)—"Did you think I was called Jones?' Be (feebly)—" A—pardon—but—er —my name is Jones."—Punch. At an evening part; Dumlcy was introduced to a young lady, and after a remark about the weather be said gallantly, " And have I really the pleasure of meeting the beautiful Miss Smith, whose praises are being sounded by everybody?' "Oh, no, Mr. somewhere," said the gallant Dumley. last autumn a bookseller named Meyer, of Bon neburg. tied a waterproof label under the wing of a swallow which had occupied a nest at his house, and had become comparatively familiar. On it he wrote a query in German, to the effect that he wished to know where the swallow would pass the winter. The bird returned to its former nest bearing an exchange label similarly fastened, saying in Geiman also, " In Florence, at Castellan's house, and I bear many salutations." A French money-lender, complaining to the late ' Baron Botbschild that he had lent 10,000 francs to a nobleman who had gone off to San Francisco with out leaving any acknowledgment of the debt, the Baron said, " Well, write to him, and ask bim to eend yon the 70,000 francs be owes yon." "But be only owes me ten," said the money-lender. "Pre cisely so," rejoined the Baron; " and he will write and tell yon so, and thns yon will get his acknow ledgment." As a letter-carrier started to enter a yard the other day a dog rnshed at him and drove bim ont, and as be limped into a shoemaker's shop on the cornerhe was asked by the owner. " Vbell.diilt you meet my new dog?' "Ton bet!" "Und didt he bite yon 7' " Snapped me here in the leg like a steel trap.' "Ab I Be vhas recommended to me ash a dog who would bite, bnt I doan't know if der man lied to me or not. " Vheii, vhell! So be does bite, eh ? Dot satisfies me, und I doan' worry some more." It is not given to every one to say the right thing at the right moment, and to trust to inspiration with the certainty of not missing the mark, even those who bave their answer ready being frequently unable to put it into words. The celebrated Nicole may be cited as a case in point; be thought slowly and expressed himself with difficulty, whereas his friend M. de Treville, with whom he was constantly in dispute, knew exactly what he meant to say ana said it, "1 cannot deny," confessed the moralist after one of these verbal encounters, in which, as nsnal, be had been worsted, "that as long as we are in the same room together M. de Treville has invariably the best of the argument; bnt it is not less true that, before he has reached the bottom of the stairs, I have regained the advantage and pul verised bim!" To Be or Not to Be Wedded.—Sometimes when two Afghan families are about to negotiate a marriage between the son of the one and the dangbter of the other, an omen is consulted in the following manner. Several slips of paper are cnt np, and on the half of them is written " To be," and on the other half " Not to be." TheBe pieceB of paper are then placed under a praying carpet, and after the liturgical form of prayer is over, the anxious father devoutly raises hiB bands in prayer to God for guidance, and expresses bis submission to the all-wise decree of the Almighty in the matter of his son's or daughter's marriage. Then, pntting his hand undertbe carpet, he draws ont a paper. If onitshould be written "To be," be thinks the marriage is or dained of God: if " Not to be," no overture or nego tiation will be listened to. Sometimes, however, the interests of State, or the value of the dowry or the termination of a long-standing blood feud, will induce the pious chieftain to put aside the omen as having been influenced by the powers of darkness. —Leisure Hour. Thbv Went Out.—A minister of tbe gospel in one of the counties in middle Tennessee bordering on tbe Cumberland range thought he would try one of the Bev. " Sam" Jones's dodges on his congrega tion and see how it wonld work. He had seen the Bev, "Sam" use it with wonderful effect, and he could see no good reason why it should not prove equally as effective with him, and be was badly in need of a mucilage of some eort to make his hearers stick until he could reach the " lastly." On the occasion referred to he ascended the plat form as asual, and, after the preliminary services, be slowly removed bis glasses, and glancing over bis audience, remarked solemnly that he was going to deal in some plain, nnvarniBhed gospel troths to day, and would try, the Lord being willing and helping, to expose the bypocricy of professing Christians, and if there were any person or persons who did not want to bear it, theyhad an opportunity right then to " rack out." To his utter surprise and consternation the congregation arose as one man and "racked."—The Nashville American. A Pretty Stoey.—A very tough story, which is vouched for, after a fashion, is going the roundB and given for what it is worth. It IB rtlated that a Mr. . M. was Bitting in his backyard talking to some friends, when his attention was called to a ben with a brood of young chickens and a large rat that bad emerged from its hole, and was quiety regarding the young chickens with the prospect of a meal in view. As the rat came from its bole the house cat awoke from ber afternoon nap and caught sight of the rat. Crouching low, she waited developments, and stood prepared to spring upon his ratBhip. At the appearance of his ancient enemy, the cat, a Scotch terrier, which had been snnning itself in the woodshed, pricked np its ears and qnietly made for the place where tbe cat stood. At this moment a boy came upon the scene. The chickens were not cognizant of being watched by the rat, nor did the rat see the cat, nor the feline the dog, who had not noticed tbe coming of the boy. A little chick wan dered too nigh and be was seized by tbe rat, which was in turn pounced upon by the cat, and the cat was caught in the month by the dog. The rat would not ceaee his hold on tbe chicken, and the cat. in spite of the shaking she was getting from the dog, did not let go the rat. It was fan for tbe boy, ana in bigh glee be watched the contest and the straggle of each of the victims. It seemed to bim that the rat was abont to escape after a time, and getting a stone be bnrled it at the rodent. The aim was not good, and tbe stone struck the dog right between the eyes. The terrier released its grip on the cat and fell over dead. It had breathed its last before tbe cat in turn let go the rat, and turned over and died. The rat did not long snrvive the enemy, and beside the already dead chicken he laid himself down and gave up the ghost. The owner of the dog was so angry at his death that he is said to have come near making tbe story complete by killing the boy that killed tbe dog that snook tbe cat that caucht the rat that bit the chicKen in the vard on -San Francisco Post. 