THE RECOLLECTIONS OF A ~ COUNFRY DOCTOR. Edited by Mrs. J. K Spendek. Author of "Her own Fault," " Parted Lives,' "God wjn's Ordeal," "Gabiielle de Boui-Jaine, "Ml Wodody," (Sc., & C . ROBERT HEN DON'S FAILURE. Part IL—(Concluded). " I have no intention of diverging from my position for the sake ot"—he stopped ; he was going to say "shrifkers," but he changed it for "alarmists"—" for the sakp of alarmists, who take signposts for ghosts, raise a pitiable cackle about nothing, and pretend to look into my private affairs with inquisitorial minuteness." *' Then you intend to take no more notice ©f that article than my remonstrances ?" For she also had read the paper ; and as she asked the question her nostrils were a little dilatedyuid there was a glittering light iu *Tbe shade of contempt had died from his face. He cut out the piece of print with acieeors, rose and folded it into a ddok which was labelled " Blaekquay News" on one side and on the other " Newcliff Journal, and contained various disquisitions relating to the approaching contest ready to be pasted in when he should have leisure. Then he said "I like being compared to a lex with a firebrand at mv tail. It is a comparison which might have pleasec Darwin. Bet I like it for another cause—the foxes ravaged the Philistines' fields. Now, if there is cDe thing I detest it is this modern Philistinism.' 7 " You have called me a Philistine before; i do not Quite Eee the gist of it," she answered, as the dints in her nostrils grew deeper, an 1 angry red spots burned on her cheeks. " 1 should like you to keep to the point; that is no answer to my words." He looked at her steadily, and said, aoeiking slowly, "If jou are riding on horsebiefc, ana try to get your horse slowly and carefolly ever a litttle stream of maddy water, yen will be sure to be splashed, but let him leap over it boldly, clearing it at one bound, ana he will escape withont a spot." It was late one night daring that week when I received such an urgent summons to etkll on Robert Hendon very early the next morning, that I hastened to obey it as soon as possible after sunrise. What a morning it was ! The summer was nearly over, so that the wild cry of the missel-thrush, with the pert song of the chaffinch and the piping tones of the rollicking blackbird, with al ether medley of sound in which Robert Hendon had delighted, was no longer,_as on the midsummer evening, to be heard in his garden. During the night there hal been sharp heavy showers of rain, and now there were dashes of blue between the clouds. Over the distant moors was a curtain of grev mist, but the bold outline of the nearer cliffs were still to be seen rising grandly over the sea. It seemed to me that the very garden was more neglected and the walks less well kept, as Hendon—who was out already— guided me into a little plot of adjacent underwood which he had nicknamed the Wilderness."' I noticed immediately not only the change in hiB face, with a singular wildners in his large eyes, bnt an alteration in his manner and walk, as he led me to a seat. His happy lounging gait had altered, and he struck with bis sack impatiently at the thistles. Anxious thoughts and passionate expressions seemed to chase themBelveB rapidly over a face, which, thoueh by no means classically regular, had the power of reflecting them like a mirror. "We shall not be interrupted here," he said shortlj, as we seated ourselves. " I have sent for yon as the only friend I can venture to consult. Some interfering fool has thonght it necessary to send me that letter." He hesitated, holding a letter, which 1 was equally unwilling to take, for I saw it was in the handwriting of his wife. He who so seldom unburdened himself was offering to let me read it, but I knew that he .was characteristically impetuous, and that his heart was hot within him at the memory of bis wrongs. * "Ha, ha," he laughed, throwing himself back {on the seat as he recognised my scrnples, and laughing with vehemence which was more resonant than musical, " Excuse me, "doctor. 1 ought to have told you that I bave been the victim of several overpowering impulses, and that amongst others I have always felt myself irresistibly compelled to lasgn on occasions of peculiar solemnity. Was it Scarron or Sir Thomas More—I forget which—who died laughing? This is aa occasion cf peculiar solemnity. You will find that my wife, from the highest motives no doubt, has arrogated to herself the tne part 01 of a little proviaence. providence. one She nas has i thoneht it necessary to pen an epistle of awful r *v gravity to warn some people of -C ; im I "portance against me, and it is the deed of one who calls herself her friend to return my wife's letter to the person whom it concerns, and to tell me—anonymously—how deeply she i8 •grieved to let me know that this unfortunate interference will be likely—in fact —to lose me this election." He spoke now in his accustomed tone3, as if determined not to show his depression if be felt it, and I—who had always known the profound difference of opinion between himself and the woman he had married—could only repeat like an idiot, "This is very serious—very worrying." " Very worrying, indeed, doctor, not only to myself, but to my supporters. Affairs seem to have taken a turn which one could sot exactly have expected. To be educated by experience they say is the very thing for a roan. Not to speculate—not to dream, bnt to go on with my work unweariedly in an age in which men are tempted to hollow superficiality— that has been, my programme for nrij*self. My wife, meanwhile, has claimed the monopoly of everything right and proper, like the Roman Church. Hers is the singular privilege reserved for the few, of neverconceiving eren the possibility of being mistaken in anything—while I, alas, poor wretch^ 'sails rent, and compass lent/ with what suspicion she mnstlooK down on me. Doctor, I could not sleep before, and now it seems to me that this epistle has murdered sleep." I did not like this talking in a rambling way about himself, especially as I was aware of the sensitiveness which, whether he attempted to hide it or not, electrified the man, soul and nerve. I knew that his wife's letter had galled him to the quick, and though I attempted to make excuses for it, saying that I was sure she did not mean to do anything that would really be hard or cruel, 1 saw that my words did not touch his trouble. It was the friends who were standing by him of whom he was thinking, and it is probable that Mrs. Hendon had never even thought of these friends. When there is gunpowder always waiting for explosion there is little to be done to avert a catastrophe. I could not speak of this confidence to Mrs. Hendon, but 1 tried remonstrating in a feeble way, and was accused of illogical conclusions. "When I think people are wrong I always speak out," said Margaret Hendon, in tones which were a little more dry and vibrating than usual, *' I never find fault unless they deserve it." " It is not always easy to measure other people's deserts. Why shouldn't others aim at what they think to be reformation, if not exactly in our way f I asked ambiguously. But Mrs. Hendon only looked painfully distressed, as if she, on her part, had received a chill which stiffened her with a little extra frost. She did not understand my allusions—and I—well, after alL it wasn't possible for me to launch into disquisitions on subjects on which every man does not find it easy to speak. I did no good with my generalities, and meanwhile Robert Hendon had the pain of a wound, which for a time might be numbed by mental chloroform, but which would constantly retunf upon him through the whole of his future life. He asked me to be with him as much as possible till the election was over, and I, who feared that he was indulging a little too freely in alcohol, and that tbe opium against which I had warned him, was beginning to do its work, tried to humour him in his request. That Mrs. Hendon was not happy it required no wit to discover. Her usual facile resources for mafeinp the time pass rapidly seemed all to be exhausted. She could not read, could not work, but was evidently restless. " If she makes the tea, it is not drinkable," my poor friend said to me, with another of those laughs which I did not like. And so we brewed the decoction privately for ourselves, and I put the sherry out of the way whenever I saw it about. It seemed to me that Mrs. Hendon was meditating some tactics which would be more effective. She had the talent of a general, and In the strategic skill of the battlefield I would have matched her brains any day against those of her husband. There was little talk between the two whenever I was present. Each seemed afraid of compromising dignity. But there were times when Margaret Hendon's voice would bs suddenly raised to concert pitch, and when she called her position an odious one, as if she were lamenting a sudden dethroning from ber social status. " It is so hard for me that Robert should always take the wrong side. I have endured it too long, bat 1 have despised myself,'' she said to me one day. I could hardly think what she had had to endnre, bnt I knew now that tolerance of circumstance seemed to her impossible, or only compatible with sudden qualms of conscience, as to whether such tolerance was wicked. - Information often comes strangely to doctors, and I was scarcely surprised when 1 was one day informed of tbe true explanation of our good rector's coldness; how it was Mrs. Hendon, who had thought it necessary to call privately on the clergyman, and infect him with her own suspicions respecting_tho tiachinp of ner husband. There was no niche ia her mind into which any of the theories which nad a fascination for Robert eoul t rit, and being entirely deficient in hamour, she was often perfectly unable to form any oi<neeption of his talk but that which nccessai-uy resulted in grotesque caricature. I might deplore all this, but I was utterly j unable to remedy it As Mrs. Hendon her- j self remarked with all dae solemnity, the | days had passed when women could be no • longer consulted, but were " railed oif," as it were, from men. She had no idea of beins . penned up like one of a flock of sheep, and j assured me that a higher morality would be promoted as soon as women had more scope and political freedom. I did not venture to deny her assertion, knowing that Jenny was of the same opinion. But it did occur to me that this * political freedom" would be hastened when there were I fewer women of the didactic type of Mar- , garet Hendon. . . . Robert did not interfere with her in the least, and left her absolute mistress of the sitnation even when she thought proper to drive about Blaekquay without wearing hi9 , colours. She knew better than to affect the ; colours of his rival, and the black velvet costume suited her severe style of beauty. She looked like an empress in it when I met ( i her one day; but I noticed that her hand shook and that Ehe laughed somewhat nervouBly. „ , " Well, what are you looking at ? she asked a little sharply; " you see 1 am driven to wear black. Neutral tints never suit me ; and it is best for people once for all to under- . I stand that I refuse to take any part in the3e ; : outrageous schemes of Robert's." . That reserve of strong power over himself ; which rarely failed Robert at that time : even in the most trying emergencies came to his assistance as he reminded her after this that their interests were identical, and of the need in snch a case for self respect. " My self- respect," she responded bitterly. I wonder to near sucn « great word from vour lips. I think it is / v ho have a right to be surprised at the little respect you have been lowing to my views—tolerance to other people's opinions cannot be all on one side." My wife! my wife!" he sai I in a low sad tone, which ever in altercation was a little broken and piteoas, " think of the years we may have to piss together; we must accommodate our ways to each other." " Why don't you think of them and try to be tolerant on your own side?" she answered defiantly. " It is strange that you should think me animated by some hostile feeling to you because I cannot agree with you. You had better have married some pretty little ignoramus in the bread-and-butter stage, fresh from the nursery." Then for the first time he began to say to me about some of the plans he thought it necessary to adopt, " I hardly think it necessary to tell Iter," or " It is better perhaps she should not know." This device might have been all very well, bnt that unfortunately ber's was not only the stronger nature but she likewise possessed a power which the man could not afford to set at nought—the power of wealth. To attempt to outwit Margaret Hendon was, to say the least of it, a mistake. Any other subjection of womanhood but that which f j j comes from the woman herself—when in the meltinp and softening of a nature developed by love, the woman becomes not only the guardian and the helper, but is ready to subject all selfish interests, and to live for the ood of those whom she loves—is likely to -iring its own punishment. Such a method as that which Robert Hendon had been driven into trying was only calculated to curdle* all that might have been love in his wife, leaving her with the desire to stab and wound. 