\-----------THE MARCH MAGAZINES----------- In the National Review, Mr Alfred Austin digs down to what he believes to be "The Root of our Misfortunes," that party system of government which renders it difficult, if not impossible, for Great Britain to have any consistent foreign or continuous colonial policy. Not only so, but, in the case of Mr. Gladsone, he took upon himself on his return to power to reverse what Lord Beaconsfield had done in Europe, Asia and Africa. He made Austria an unsympathetic friend, Germany a malevolent neutral, and France a possible enemy: while Russia re- admitted to the good graces of the two first named powers prepares for an invasion of India. Even the disappearance of Mr. Gladston, it is argued, will not save the commonwealth. A coalition of conserva- tives ant liberals is demanded, it the party system, "dangerous enough even when honstly worked, is not to prove the undoing of the noblest empire that ever was founded, and of as noble a race as ever founded one." The stage seems to be engaging a large share of attetion in in the mother country just now; and the periodical under notice contains two papers on the subject, one by Mrs. Lynn Linton and the other by Mr. John Coleman. lu the first, it is contended that there is no intrinsic immorality in the stage for those good and modest women who have a voca- tion for it and who have to earn their own living. The second is a reply to Mr. Bur- nands article, and is a general vindication ofthe profession. Mr. R. Lethbridge asks if an Imperial fiscal policy is possible, and argues that it is, and that British com- merce can only be rehabilitated by a federation with the colonies. A writer styling himself "A Conceptualist" --at is to say, the holder of a doctrine intermediate between realism and nominalism -analyses a drama upon the story of Abelard written by the late Charles dee Remusat more than 40 years ago, but which has onlt just seen the light, and takes advantage of the play to re-narrate the History of the unhappy lovers of the Paraclete. Mr. Philip Vernon Smith writes a reply to the article on women's suffrage by Mr. Cecil Raikes, in the January number of this Review. The respondent is strongly of opinion that the admission of the other sex to the franchise would be a conservative measure, would add stability to the British constitution, and is "a matter not merely of abstract justice, but of high state policy." Mr Leopold Katscher. in a paper entitled "Some Aspects of the Salvation Army," enters very fully into its organisation and finances, its achievements and successes, and its results and prospects. Its "General," it seems, is an absolute monarch, having the command of an ample revenue, reaching in 1883 the sum of £120,000 ; its publications sell to the extent of 600,000 copies weekly and the "Army" appears to number several millions, recruited chiefly from the lower strata of society. The allegiance of the latter to the Booth family is stated to be very strong; but Mr. Katschcr doubts the permanence of the movement; nor does he consider it desirable that it should become permanent, "unless it drops its puritanical exaggerations and its senseless excrescences. Some extracts which the writer gives from "Salvation" literature, contributed by children of nine or ten years old, serve to show what horrid little Pharisees these juvenile soldiers are capable of becoming. One of them says:-- "I thank the Lord, for I'm on my way to Heaven. My brother George and Teddie are also saved and so is the baby. I am sorry to say neither father nor mother are saved, but I trust they'll soon be. Mothe ris fond of reading novels to father in bed at night -Ana, 10 years. Another child of the same age re- counts how a young lady "fell from grace," went to a ball, and was struck dead as a punishment for her sin. " Oh, what an awful end!" exclaims the little prig, "From ballroom to eternity ! O dear little children never go to those wicked places." The re- maining papers in the current number are on the Redistribution Bill, in its relation to the Irish seats, on ' Recruits and Recruiting," and on "Nature in Folk Songs." In the "correspondence" section of the Review, Irish Conservative writes a trenchant reply to Sir C. G. Duffy's article in the last number. Sir Richard Temple contributes a studiously moderate and calmly impressive article to the Contemporary Review on "The Mahdi and British India," which can scarcely fail to carry great weight with it, partly on ac- count of its serious tone, and partly because he knows our Indian fellow-subjects so well. The general drift of the article will be best learned if we quote the concluding para- graph, which is this:- "If the various con- siderations now adduced are admitted, it follows that the fall of Khartoum and the fate of Gordon must have a bad effect upon India and the East unless the reverse shall be retrieved, and that from this point of view the recapture of that place is extremely desirable -- so desirable indeed that it becomes hard to draw the line between urgent expediency and necessity." Professor Goldwin Smith unfolds his views on the "Organisation of Democracy," without which he anticipates that it will end in confusion. He urges upon British states- men to try, while there is yet time, to secure to the nation a stable and rational government to avoid divorcing power from intelligence and responsibility, and to refrain from plunging the country headlong into unorganised and unregulated democracy. "If this Parliament comes to an end," he writes, "without having created any conser- vative safeguards while it has instituted a suffrage destined, evidently, soon to be universal the reins will have been thrown on the necks of the horses, and the last leverage of conservatism will be gone." One ot these safeguards Seems to be such "a well regulated franchise and a rational mode of election" as shall offer "effectual securities for the permanent ascend- ancy of national reason over passion." But the professor leaves us somewhat in doubt as to how the former are to be obtained. Miss Blanche Leppington skims the cream off of the Journal Intime of Professor Ainsel, whose gentle, meditative nature is so clearly reflected upon every page of that singularly charming book. Mr W. Clark Russell presents Us with the forecastle view of Mr. Chamberlain's Shipping Commission, upon which, it appears, the British seaman is wholly unrepresented. Instead of this a miner, Mr. T. Burt, M.P., has been appointed ; for whom Mr. Russell has drawn up what appears to be an excellent brief, the article under notice. Mr. R.H. Hutton contiibutes a philosophically written eti- mate of the mental and moral character of George Eliot, as revealed in her biography ; and he makes one remark which seems to express concisely and completely what numbers of persons must have felt in reading her husbands life of her : ""George Eliot was in the highest sense her own God ; not the object of her own worship but her own moral Providence, her own con- science, her own lawgiver, her own judge, her own Saviour." She waited for a faith which never came and as Mr Hutton says, "Her heart never seems to have rebelled against her own dim creed - a creed for pallid ghosts rather than for living and struggling men. The "new scientific gospel" propounded in Professor Drum- monds "Natural Law in the Spiritual World," is somewhat roughly handled by a reviewer who condemns the professor's theory as "neither science nor theology, but a bastard Calvinism, of which Scotland ought to be ashamed." Mr. C. P. Oldham's account of the faiths which are held among the inhabitants of the Himalayan districts is interesting, from an historical point of view, because those faiths are no doubt survivals of the religions and rites belonging to very early ages and are cherished by people who are in many cases the descendants of aboriginal tribes. The question of the suf- frage for woman is taken up by a female pen and the objections to it are dealt with seriatim. The writer tells us that "women who feel for women are smarting under a sense of the injustice done them and the men who oppose their demands are irritated by the lack of reason on their own side, and ashamed of the fears which they nevertheless suffer to overmaster them." In a paper on recent discoveries in biological science by Mr. W.H. Dallinger, F. R. S,, attention is called to the "infrangible link in the chain of demonstrated evolutionary processes" which has been supplied by Mr. Caldwell's discovery ot the oviparous nature of the monotremes. It will be welcome news to many that Mrs. Ritchie (nee Thackeray) commences a new story in Macmillan. The scene of the opening chapter is laid in the Lake district of England A review of Mr. F. Parkman's "Montcalm and Wolfe" relates the more salient of the re- markable series of events which led to the establishment of British rule in what is now the Dominion of Canada, including of course the splendid exploit of the siege and capture of Quebec. The reviewer does not omit to mention that our victories in that region were not due alone to the valour of our troops and the skill and ability of their leaders, but also to the "ecclesiastical bigotry and political stupidity of the old French monarchy. A short essay on "Irresponsible Opinion" deprecates the practice, which is becoming increasingly common, of men allowing themselves a reckless freedom of expression on thousands of delicate, many-sided questions on which nothing but acareful and prolonged exami- nation of the subject which they have never undertaken, could qualify them to speak at all. Mr. G. P, Macdonnell contributes a sketch of the mental character of Blackstone, the commentator who tarnished his legal reputation after entering the House of Com- mons, and, in later years became noted for his indecision as a judge. An ex-Day Boy gives his experiences at a public school, mainly for the purpose of exposing the evils which he considers to result from an injudicious mixture of boarders and day boys. "Old Mythology in New Ap- parel is the title of a paper by Mr. J. T. Bent in which he adduces a number of curious facts to show how deeply the ritual of the Eastern Church and the habits and manners of the modern Greeks are imbued with the mythology of classie Greece. Mr. A.G. Bradley makes us acquainted with the Southern view of the election of Mr. Grover Cleveland as President of the United States. He says the feeling occasioned is one of intense relief and that the election has effec- tively broken down the great barrier which prevented the black employe from frater- niusing politically with his white employer. Blackwood is intensely political this month. The first paper entitled "OurEgyptian Atrocities," is an arraignment of the Minis- terial policy in Egypt, and a review of Mr. Gladstone's conduct in relation to that country since his return to office - conduct which has cost Egypt seven millions and Great Britain fifty. The following passage seems to denote an intimate knowledge of the British Premier :-- " It is not in his nature to face a vital issue with the courage of a statesman. He bandies words over it like a grammarian, and draws fine distinctions like a casuist. At last, when he seems to have involved himself inextricably in a cobweb web of subtle reasoning, he breaks loose to strike some rash and unexpected blow. His campaigns are generally as abruptly cut short as they are rashly begun to satisfy his conscience they must be perfectly fruit- less, which he considers the acme of unsel- fishncss." In an evidently imaginary con- versation between a Russian philosopher and the writer, the foreign policy of Great Britain is also sharply criticised ; and there is no mistaking the application of words like these:-- "At this moment though surrounded by enemies who hate and envy her, there is no country more safe from attack than Germany, because she is governed by a statesman who never shirks responsibility, cowers before danger, or, in moments of difficulty takes refuge in compromise or concession." Dr. Charles Mackay contributes a spirited ballad, the burden of which is the humiliating position to which England has been reduced by the foreign and colonial administration of Mr Gladstone and of Lords Granville and Derby ; and the concluding paper is devoted to an examination of Mr. Chamberlain's ideas with respect to the rights of property, and to an exposure of what is alleged to be their communistic character. It is urged that the country is entitled to know whether Mr. Gladstone shares in the opinions of his col- league, and that if he does not, he ought formally to disavow them. In the Folrtnightly Review Mr. C. A. Fyffe defines the leading principles upon which, he says, public opinion has determined that the new Land Bill shall be based. They are these :--(1) That restrictions which interfere with the free and natural dealing in land must be abolished ; (2) that if the existing relation of landlord and tenant can be shown in any degree to have contributed to the present agricultural collapse, or to hinder the country from rallying from it, that re- lation must be amended in the public interest ; and (3) that it is for the interest of the nation that the use and enjoyment of land should be more widely diffused than it is at present. Mr. George's wild scheme of a reversion to barbar- ism by abolishing private property in land is discarded as altogether outside the sphere of practical politics. Lord Stanley, of Alderley, in the succeeding article give us the other -- that is to say, the landlord's - view of the question ; his contention being that land is not scarce or difficult to get, that large country houses are good things and that matters on the whole are in a satisfactory condition. Mr. Cross's life of his late wife is warmly praised by Mr. Frederick Harrison, who says of it that "locing reverence has drawn a likeness which no literary art could have produced, and which the more familiar kinds of literary art could have cruelly spoiled." Of its subject it is observed that "her culture was knowledge harmonised by artistic in- stinct and deepened by an abiding moral glow;" and that her philosophic power and general mental calibre placed her apart from and above all writers of fiction, at any rate in England. Mr. Harrison denies that she was a pessimist, but says that "she was throughout life very serious, constitutionally of low animal spirits, liable to nervous de- pression and with a certain unconquerable shyness. But she is not melancholy-- at least not after she had shaken off the cruel burden of Calvinism." Professor Mivart contributes a dissertation on the "Riddle of Organic Nature," the intention of showing that a careful study of instinct is capable of supplying the strongest proofs that intelligent purpose is, as it were, incarnate in the living world about us, while he also points out the resemblance which reflex action bears to instinct, and how certain organic vital actions -such for example, as those connected with the repair of injuries and the reproduction of lost parts of the physical body - exhibit a decided affinity both to reflex action and to instinct. "The Problem of Empire" is discussed by two writers. The first, Mr. J.A. Furrer, is entirely opposed to Imperial federation, and argues in favour of separation ; the second Mr. Arthur Mills, follows suit, and criticises the resolutions of the Federation League in an unfriendly spirit. " Squires, Spires, and Mires" is the fanciful title of an article by the Rev. W. Bury, who speaks very plainly concerning the duties which country gentlemen leave unfulfilled, and also with respect to the moral timidity, the conven- tionality, the transcendentalism, the super- stition, and ecclesiasticism of the clergy. We should think the following sentence will bring a hornet's nest about Mr. Bury's ears: \- "A fourth peculiarity about us is our super- stition, or, perhaps I should say the super- stitious character of our religion, by which I mean that, on many points, our religion is one which seems to shut its eyes to facts, and its ears to the voice of reason and ex- perience." Sir Lepel Griffin administers a severe punishment to Mr Wilfred Blunt, the champion of Arabi Pashu for his mischievous misstatements with respect to British rule in India; and this is followed by another of the last- named gentleman's disquisitions upon a subject with which he is but imperfectly acquainted. A critical essay on Goethe's "Tasso," by Mr. H. S. Wilson, contains little that has not already been better said by other writers ; and Mr. Henry May's sketch of the rise, progress, and present position of the Bank of England has the merit of being clear and compendious. It is curious that the originator of the institution, Mr. W. Paterson should have been also the founder of the ill-fated Darien expedition of 1698, in which some- thing like 500 persons perished, owing to the deadly nature of the climate, while it broke Paterson's heart and wrecked his mind. 