The honest desire of Mr Gladstone, and many Liberals throughout Europe who think with him, has been that a fair opportunity should be afforded to the Christian nations of Eastern Europe to work out their own destiny in a condition of internal freedom without dictation from the great mili tary monarchies on their borders. It was contended that the gradual growth in civilisation and power of these nations—Bulgaria, Servia, Roumania, and Greece—would be a guarantee for the peace of the world, threat ened by the decay of the Turkish Empire, and the temptation which that decay offered to Russia and Austria to enter upon a struggle for the inheritance of the “ sick man.” The opportunities have been favorable for the Balkanic nations attaining this position. Their infancy was guaran teed by .the jealousies of the Great Powers, which, however indifferent they might be to the interests of Bul garian, Servian, or Greek, would pre fer to see them independent to their being incorporated by rival Powers. The Western nations, whose object is to prevent Constantinople falling into the hands of a powerful State, are necessarily desirous of seeing both Russia and Austria cut off by the rise of strong independent nations in the Balkan Peninsula, whilst Russia and Austria, would each rather suffer the presence of the new States than contribute to a change which might give the advantage to its rival. The object of Austrian ambition is .admittedly to reach the sea at Salonica, where she would certainly dominate Constantinople, and finally extinguish the dream of Russian ambition in that direction. The reasonable and prudent policy of the Balkan States was to maintain the status quo, establish a good understanding with each other, if not a close alliance, and husband their resources with a view of with standing any assault upon their inde pendence from whichever side it might come. It was difiicult for Austria and Russia to come to a mutual under standing as to the disposal of the Balkan States, and these might hope to profit by their jealousy until they had grown strong enough to de fend themselves. But Mr Gladstone left out of consideration the danger of troubles between the Balkan nationali ties themselves. Divisions and strife were quite in accordance with their traditions. Servians, Bulgarians and Greeks, when they enjoyedindependence formerly, employed it in making war on each other continually, and, by pro ducing mutual exhaustion, paved the way for the conquering armies of the Turk. When the Turks, by that pro cess of decay which is the fate of all mere conquering races, become unable to hold the Balkan Peninsula in subjec tion, it was possible that the old feuds wculd revive, and that the indepen dence recovered from the Turks would be at once made use of by the several nationalities in warlike expedi tions against each other. This ten dency has displayed itself sooner than was anticipated, and we have already the melancholy spectacle of an invasion of Bulgaria by a Servian army, the only offence of the Bulgarians being the consolidation of their nationality and their more complete deliverance from" the Mahomedan yoke. King Milan, in his proclamation of war, justifies his action on the ground that Bulgaria has violated treaties, an almost ludicrous pretence, since the treaty violated by the recent Roumelian revolution was one to which Servia was in no way a party, and the rights infringed were those of the Sultan of Turkey, whose champion King Milan has certainly no intention of becoming. Prince Alex ander has denounced the Servian in vasion as treacherous and cowardly, and it is hard to see how it can be justi fied on moral grounds. The province of Eastern Roumelia was unquestionably Bulgarian, and there is not even a pretence that Servia had any interest in it whatever. The only cause of dis pleasure to Servia is that United Bul garia with a larger population and more extended territory might become more powerful than herself, and she has therefore determined to act the" dog in the manger, and rather than see the developmentof a sister Christian State, will insist upon a portion of Bulgaria remaining under Mahomedan rule. There is some ground for the charge of cowardice attributed to the Servian proceeding by Prince Alexander. Servia has recovered her independence for a long period, and has comparatively a powerful military force, whereas Bulgaria is but evolving out of chaos, and has not yet had time to organise her forces. There seems, moreover, to be no claim on the part of King -Milan" for a cession of Bulgarian territory. What he clearly wants is a placebo in the shape of an addition to his dominions of so much of Turkish territory as would equalise Servia with the newly constituted Bulgaria. But it is not within the power of Bulgaria to en large Servia in that direction, and it looks very much as if the unoffending Bulgarians were fallen upon because the Servians dare not challenge the Turkish empire by seizing the portion of Turkish Roumelia upon which they have cast covetous eyes. It is im possible to predict the denouement of this strange .war, Turkey may well be indisposed to intervene, and m ay point to the bloodshedamongstherformer sub jects as the result of the withdrawal of the Power which alone could keep the peace amongst the turbulent popula tions of Eastern Europe. Austria would, no doubt bo willing to send, an army, of occupation into Servia to “ maintain order,” since she would thereby: make another step towards Salonica, but Russia is little likely to agree to. the proceeding unless she also makes a for ward movement and secures a '‘lnnate-’ rial guarantee.” Any interference will almost inevitably lead to the embroil ment of Russia and Austria, and if Servians and Bulgarians are left to fight their quarrel out there will prob ably be an insurrection in Macedonia, a rupture between Turkey and Greece, and such a complete opening up of the Eastern Question as will force the hands of all the Powers, and may not improbably lead to a general, European war. It is evident that in view of the troubles likely to arise in Europe, and the chances of- England being drawn into them, that the Australasian Go vernments should keep a careful eye upon their defences so as to be pre pared for whatever contingencies may arise. The rumors of the destruction of tho Australian Geographical Society’s ex pedition to New Guinea gather strength, and are supported by the facts that no news has been received of the expedition since it started up the Ely River, and that the mails have not been sent for, as previously ar ranged. It seems almost certain that some disaster has occurred, and that if the whole party lias not been mur dered, a depot has at least been sur prised, the men left there put to death, ’ and the camp plundered, some new table-knives having been seen in the possession of natives. Considering the possibility of some members of the ex pedition being alive and in great straits, it is clear that no time should be lost in dispatching a relief ex pedition. By the last intelligence from Thursday Island, we learn that a public meeting was about to be held to consider what was the best course to pursue. The matter appears to be under consideration at every capital of the group, and there seems to be a kind of doubt all round on whom the responsibility of immediate action rests. It is to be hoped that any uncertainty on that head will soon come to an end, and that measures will immediately bo taken to rescue the survivors if any are still left. It might have been expected that on tiro first rumors of disaster one of Her Majesty’s cruisers would have been dispatched at once, to rescue the party if in danger, or punish the murderers if the ex pedition has been destroyed. It can hardly be that the Imperial officers on the station are so much in dread of the Aborigines Protection Society in England that they shrink from a duty which might involve an attack upon some cannibal tribe. It is true that there are in England men who “ live at home in ease ” who would be ready to condone the murder of their own countrymen rather than that a single hair on the head of a “black brother ” should fall, but those who have to deal with the actual facts in a savage country cannot be governed by such a morbid senti ment, which would only embolden the savages and lead up to the necessity for future slaughter. It is not a little remarkable that we hear nothing of Sir Peter Scratchley in connection with the affair. An outrage within the territory which he has been ap pointed to govern is especially his business, and if he has not sufficient force at his command to meet the exigencies of the case, it is to be presumed that assistance would be rendered by the British squadron, or in default of such, by the colonies. The want of an organised federal govern ment is strikingly brought out by this incident. Instead of conferences here and there being necessary as in the present instance, a recognised au thority, if in existence, could have decided on the steps to be taken without delay. It is pretty clear that the Government of Hew Guinea is a subject which the Federal Council will have to take into its serious con sideration directly it comes into exist ence. The present machinery is either too much or too little. Too much for merely patrolling the coast and com municating with the missionaries, and too little if the country is to be opened up for white settlement and protection afforded to the pioneers of civilisation. Tho organisation of a small armed force capable of operating on land would seem to be indispensable if the assumption of authority over New Guinea is to be anything more than a mere farce. But whatever arrange ments may be made for the future, it is certain that no delay should occur iu sending a strong expedition up the Ely River to relieve such of Captain Everill’s party as may yet be alive, and to inflict such chastisement upon the murderers as will impress upon the native mind the serious conse quences of attacking white men. His Excellency Sir F. Napier Broome, Governor of Western Australia, acsompanied by his private secretary (Mr J. G. H. Am herst), Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., and the Hon. Henry C. Gust, of England, who is the guest of His Excellency Sir H. B. Loch, arrived in Ballarat yesterday. They were met at the railway station by Mr G. G. Morton, and at once driven to Craig’s Royal hotel, where a suite of rooms had been en gaged. for the party. After partaking of light refreshments, tho company pro ceeded to the picture gallery, where they were mot by the president, Mr James Oddie, J.P., and the secretary, Mr J. A. Powell. His Excellency expressed his pleasure at seeing such a fine collection of pictures, particularly remarking on tho speaking likeness of the portrait of the president of tho institution. The Woollen Mills were next visited, and the various processes of manufacture were watched with interest. The party then proceeded to the Band and Albion mine, over which they were shown by Mr Serjeant. They were next driven to the lake, and conveyed across tho water to the gardens. Tho company then re- embarked on tho steamer and wore taken round the lake, his Excel lency expressing his gratification at the op portunity afforded him of seeing the beauties of the lake. Mr Morton then drove the party round the City, Sir F. N. Broome remarking favorably on the handsome edifices to be seen, such as the Hospital aud Benevolent Asylum and other buildings. This morning his Excellency and party will proceed to Sir William Clarke’s tenant farms at Dowling Forest, and will be the guests of Mr G. G. Morton, the manager, at Labona. Tho visit was purely a private one, and, therefore, 'no official intimation was received by the civic authorities, so that the mayor (Cr Salter) was not afforded an opportunity of extend ing to the party the courtesy and hospitality of his office, for which he has • already be come favorably known. • It will be gratifying to householders in Ballarat to learn that the water supply for the summer is assured. The different reser voirs have twice overflowed this season, and as there are usually heavy thunderstorms ex perienced during the month of November, it is more than likely that sufficient water will bo caught ,-to cause, another overflow. - Even should suchnot bo jtho case, there is now sufficient water to’-Carry City and Town 'through the hot weather. The Ballarat Prison Gate Brigade Home,' in Ballarat East, is, under the management of .Lieutenant Doherty, doing good work, and we are glad to Jearn that it is receiving valuable-assistance from a number of leading •residents Of the district. At present there ‘are only seven inmates in the place, but there is loom for 13. . The interior of tiie building, -which is situated in Barkly street, is scrupulously clean, and the brasswork on the doors and windows presents :a shiny ap pearance," while the floors are as white as the decks of -a man-of-war. Within the past few weeks a number of fallen men ha' e been rescued by the brigade, and in the majority of instances they are now doing well in outside employment. Those in the Home at present earn s little money every day, which they are supposed to hand over ‘tothe officer in charge, who, at regular in tervals, gives each inmate a few shillings as pocket money, and last week one man earned 18s, and out of this sum he received ‘4s, the balance going to the fund of the in stitution. This week, perhaps, the man will not succeed in getting employment, but still he retains his place in the Home, and is well cared for, and so in numerous other instances. The haven of refuge, as already stated, is kept well supplied with provisions by kind friends. Yesterday one gentleman forwarded to Lieutenant Doherty a side of bacon, and others have sent supplies of clothing. The bedrooms sot apart for the inmates arc well ventilated, and the beds and bedding are clean and comfortable. About 30 meals are partaken of each day. but as many as 48 unfortunates have called and satisfied their hunger in one day. Lieu tenant Doherty, who joined the Salvation Army about two years ago, attends every morning at half-p»st 9 o’clock at the gates of the Ballarat Gaol in order to interview discharged prisoners, and, if possible, induce then to enter the Home. We have said that his efforts have been successful, and yester day a representative ■ of this journal was shown letters from men rescued and cared for by. the Army, stating that they had seen the error of their ways, had turned to the right path after days of crime and years of suffering, and were now filling respectable situations. In some instances the reformed ones have forwarded sums of money to assist the Ballarat Prison Gate Brigade. Lieu tenant Doherty’s sittingroora in the Home is a nicely furnished apartment, and the walls are adorned by Scriptural texts and pictures, and portraits of pro .minent Christian workers. The work of cooking in the establishment is in the hands of a competent woman, who remained 18 years in her last situation. Each week the inmates of the home sell 300 War Crys in the streets, and the proceeds, together with those from the sale of a monthly publi cation, go towards the support of the insti tution. In conclusion, it may he added that a visit to the Ballarat Prison Gate Brigade Home cannot fail to be of great interest to those interested in the progress of a good cause. In connection with the charges made at the quarterly meeting of the Creswick branch of the Minors’ Association on Saturday evening, a meeting is to bo held at Allen dale, at 2 o’clock, on Wednesday, to give the men employed by the Berry Consols Company an opportunity of making any statements or complaints, if they have any, in regard to their treatment at the mine. The programme of the annual V.R.A. matches, which commence on Monday next and extend over the whole week, comprises 31 matches, in connection with which oppor tunity will he afforded all classes to com pete—the youthful cadet, the Militiaman, the members of the country rifle clubs, and the veteran firing in the All Comers’ Match. In addition, there is an Intercolonial Match, in which the picked 10 of Tasmania, New South Wales, and Victoria will try conclusions, and matches for members of Parliament and representatives of the Press respectively, in which various handsome trophies arc offered. The annual grant from the Government towards the prize fund con sists of £750 for the Militia matches, £5OO for members of rifle clubs, and the Queen’s trophy of £lOO, open to both members of the Militia and rifle clubs; the total money offered reaching over £2250 in cash, to say nothing of numerous useful and beautiful prizes in kind. The attractions of the prize list have naturally induced a full list of entries, in which are to be found representa tives from all parts of Victoria as well as the other colonies. The number of competitors who have entered is larger than at any pre vious meeting. There will be about 900 mou firing on the ground during the meeting. The time-table in connection with the matches has been compiled as follows:—On Monday "the 23rd, the Intercolonial match takes the pride of place; the firing will com mence at 9 a.m. In the afternoon the Mem bers’ match, No. 15, will bo fired, com mencing at half-past 2. On Tuesday, the 24th, matches 3, 11, 13, and 16 are to be fired; and on Wednesday, the 25th, matches 1, 2. 4, and 5. On Thursday, the 26th, matches 10, 12, and 14 will be fired; on Fri day, the 27th, matches 6,7, and 9; on Satur day, the 2Sth, matches S, IS, 19, 20, 25, 28, and 29, The school teams will compete on Saturday, sth December. The following additional collections in connection with Charity Sunday have been announced: Miners’ Rest Presbyterian Church, £5 14s; Neil street Wesleyan Church, £B. As the Prison Gate Brigade Home in Bal larat East is now a prominent institution in this district, it may bo interesting to state that the officer in charge, Lieutenant Doherty, a humorous Irishman, born in the neighorhood of Tullamoro, has seen some active service while serving with vhe British army. Asa private in Her Majesty’s 55th regiment of foot, he wont through the Cri mean war, and experienced all the hardships which attended that memorable campaign. He received five bullet wounds in one leg, and subsequently in another battle he got a bayonet-thrust iu the small of the back. Subsequently he volunteered in another regi ment of the line, and served with it through the Indian Mutiny. “ My word,” says Doherty, “ those were hard times, especially in the Crimea. I suffered a lot; but, would you believe it, I experienced more real misery while following the life of a poor drunkard. There was glory attached to the battlefield, but nothing but a curse attended the campaign in which the bottle played the prominent part of commander-iu-chief.” A meeting of the committee of the Balla rat Swimming Club was held last evening, at the Mechanics’ Institute; Mr B. Ince was voted to the chair. The draft copy of a circular, setting forth the objects and aims of the club and the proposed programme for the ensuing season'was submitted to the meeting, and adopted, copies of which will be distributed in a few days.. Members’ subscription for the season was fixed as fol lows:—Ladies, ss; adult males, ss; youths under 14, 2s Gd. Tho following officers were appointed:—Patrons, tho Mayors of the City and Town; president, Mr W. P. Bechcrvaise; vice-presidents. Messrs W. N. Lansley and Win. Bentley; hon secretary, Mr A. J. Per kins. Tho names of several influential gentlemen were added to tho committee. Instructors will shortly be appointed to teach members of the club, who are unable to swim, that very useful art. Judging from the powerful committee that has been organ ised, and the amount of enthusiasm displayed, tho coming season in Ballarat will bo the most successful the club has ever had. Tho weekly meeting of the Ballarat Catholic Young Men’s Society was held on Friday evening last in the library hall, Daw son street; Mr J. Meehan iu tho chair. One new member was elected, and one nomina tion for membership received. Messrs J. Doyle, R. Miller, and J. Manning were nominated for vacancy on the committee caused by tho resignation of Mr E. Donnelly. Messrs Armstrong, Mullens, Corrigan, Meehan, Nanscawen, M’Cann, Grotty, Man ning, and Lowham contributed to the special business of the evening, elocution, by some very good readings and recitations. The ordinary trains yesterday wore all crowded, owing to tho return of those who left Ballarat on Friday last in connection with tho Ballarat East Board of Advice excursion. As it was found impossible to convey tho whole of the passengers by the ordinary trains, a special was put on at Geelong at 9 o’clock last night. This ar rived safely shortly before 11. The monthly meeting of tho Ballarat Benevolent Asylum was held last night, at the board-room. Present—Mr J. Oddio (president), Mr J, J. Fitzgerald (vice-presi dent), Father Doyle, and Messrs Josephs, M’Cafferty, Hickman, J. T. Phillips, Ham, Lcssels, Courts, Russell, M.L.A., Murray, Showman, Taylor, Ferguson, M. C. Carey, and Edwards. The secretary reported the receipt of the following donations:—Smythes dale Borough Council, £1 Is; Mr H. T. Stockman, £4, being "proceeds of concert and ball at Moonambel; Jemmy Lancy (per Rev. H.. W. H. Adeney), £10; the Hon. Philip Russell, £10; Mr W. Lewis and employes, £lO. Asmallaccdnnt was passed for payment. Fourteen applications were received for tho .position of matron. These were reduced by ballot to’ five, then to three, and subse quently to two, Mesdames Phayre and Dick son. On tho final ballot being taken the former lady was elected to the position by a majority of one vote. The girl Matilda Smith, charged with feloniously assaulting Samuel Poole, by throwing a corrosive fluid in his face, was again brought before the Town Court yester day and further remanded. Mr Gaunt ap peared for the accused. Messrs Long, Ham, Walker, and Glenuy, J’s.P., were the pre siding magistrates. Yesterday, at the Town Court, Mary Ann Price was ordered to pay a fine of 10s for smashing a dinner plate, valued at sd, the property of Emily Jane Berlyu, of the Main road. Mary Ann was next charged with vagrancy, and was found guilty, and sent to gaol lor six months. A well- known resident in Durham road, Buninyong, named Benjamin Gardiner, a native of Bermudas, died suddenly yesterday morning. The deceased, who was 51 years of age, was found dead in his bed, and as he had not been attended by a medical man, an enquiry was considered necessary. This was held by Mr Cooper, deputy coroner, when Dr Hardy, who made a post-mortem exami nation, stated that the cause of death was pneumonia. Gardiner, who leaves a little property, died intestate. No fresh evidence has, so far, been ob tained in the case of Lee Sue, charged with outraging the girl Florence Lee You. The prisoner is fretting a good deal in gaol. Janies Griffin yesterday, at the Town Police Court, proceeded against Edward Conrick on a charge of damaging a fence at Fellmongers. It appeared that defendant had removed an old fence off land belonging to the plaintiff, and tho evidence showed that the suit arose mainly through a misun derstanding as to the ownership of and title to the land. Mr Hardy appeared for plain tiff, and Mr Gaunt for the defendant. De fendant was fined ss, with 10s damages, and 26s costs. A young man named Michael Ryan, em ployed at Mr Osborne’s stables, was acci dentally thrown off a horse in Wills street yesterday, through the animal swerving off the road and one of the stirrup leathers breaking. Ryan was severely stunned by tho fall, besides sustaining a number of cuts and bruises about the face. He was picked up- and taken to the Hospital, where his in juries were attended to, and lie was admitted to tho acci dent ward. A Mrs Sheeran, a resident at Brown Hill, had rather an unpleasant experience yester day. She was about to milk a cow when the animal pinned her against a fence, breaking one of her arms. The sufferer attended at the Hospital, where the injured limb was sot and she returned home. A man named Mortimer Conlon was yes terday, at the Town Court, charged with wife-desertion. Mr Gaunt appeared for the defendant. The case was rather “ mixed.” The plaintiff deposed her husband had de serted her two j’ears ago, and that it was not until lately that she had discovered his whereabouts. . Mr Gaunt stated that Conlon had a home in Collingwood, and that he would bo agreeable to take his wife there and support her. But this offer had been refused, as plaintiff did not wish to leave Ballarat; indeed, the woman did not want to live with her husband at all, as she be lieved she could get no peace. The bench remanded the case for a week, with the view of allowing a settlement being arrived at. Mr Thomson,’P.M., and Mr Chalk, J.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday, and dealt with one inebriate. Avery pleasing event took ’ place at the establishment of Mr Alex. Miller, of Bridge street, on Saturday, when Mr Arthur Greene, who is severing his connection with the establishment, was made the recipient of two very handsome presents, one in the shape of an elaborate diamond pin from his shopmates, and the other a handsome volume of Knight’s “ Shakespeare,” suitably in scribed, from his employer. A brief but appropriate speech preceded each presenta tion. Refreshments were partaken of at the invitation of the guest, when a number of toasts were honored and responded to after which tlic company separated. Mr Greene leaves Ballarat for the metropolis by the early train this morning. Our local correspondent writes:—“ Several changes in the Government officials, stationed at Smythesdale, have taken place during the last few months, the latest being Mrs Stark, the post and telegraph mistress, who has re- ceived notice to hold herself in readiness to proceed to Traralgon, to take charge of the post and telegraph offices there. Mrs Stark has been in charge of the Smythesdale offices for the last six years, or thereabouts, and has invariably proved herself to be a gentlewoman possessing qualifications emi- nently befitting so responsible a charge, and her numerous friends, while greatly re- gretting her removal to another sphere of usefulness, will no doubt be glad to hear that her appointment to a similar post at Traralgon, means promotion in the ser- vice.” A correspondent writes :—“ Trooper Do herty, of the Durham Lead station, is to be dismounted, and a more active and younger man is to bo placed in charge in his stead. Constable Doherty has been 19 years iu tiie service, and no blame has ever been attached to him. He is not a very old man, and is much respected in the district. He is well fitted for tho position he holds, and always appears to fulfil his duties to the satisfaction of everyone, excepting a few larrikins. The stop just taken seems to be an extraordinary one, as no complaints have been known to be lodged against him.” The Cambrian Hill school No. 920, was examined by Mr James Holland, M.A., on the 13th instant with the following satisfac tory result:—“ Percentage 98 - 315. Report— This tchool again passes an excellent exami nation, the written work is well done, the reading and oral answering are particularly good, the organisation of the school is good, the discipline is excellent. The efficient and excellent condition of this school reflects credit on Mr Hocking and staff. Signed—J. Holland.” Mr George E. Gates, who for a number of years carried on business in Bridge street as a fruiterer and greengrocer, is, wo regret to hear, dangerously ill, his complaint being cancer _of the liver. Mr • Gates has been in bad health for a long while past. A couple of Chinamen boxed in Victoria street yesterday morning, and. the encounter, while it lasted, amused a number of boys who were in the vicinity at the time. The dispute arose through Ying Ping Hack having gone into Flick Mong’s territory to dispose of vegetables and other garden pro duce. Prior to dropping poles aud setting to; the Mongolians had a wordy warfare over the alleged charge of crossing tho lines of de marcation, and while the discussion was going on, a resident of Bungaree, who was seated on tho top of a load of wood, upon hearing tho loud talk, asked a small boy what the two “Injuns” were quarrelling about. The blows struck were not damaging to either pugilist, and the uproar which took place between rounds could be almost heard at the upper end of Victoria street. At last the police appeared upon the scone, but as they had not witnessed the fight no action could be taken in the way of arrostin" the combatants. Sergeant Murphy cautioned the Chinese, and then remained on the spot to see that they did not return and renew the fight. At the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee last night a letter was received from the Rev. H. W. H. Adeney, forward a cheque for £lO towards the Asylum funds. This sum was a bequest from a deceased Chinaman, known by the name of “ Jemmy Lancy,” formerly in the employ of Mr T. Rowe, of Glenfino, as a gardener. During tho week ended 12th November, the sum of £51,759 9s 6d was received from the railways, against £45,015 19s 4d for the corresponding week in last year. The anniversary tea meeting iu connection with the Welsh buuday school, Armstrong street, took place last evening,* The tea was laid out in the Orchestral Hall, Doveton street, about 70 sitting down to the child ren s tea at 5 o’clock, and over 100 at the adults’ tables subsequently. Mr MTvenzie catered m his usual excellent style, aud the following ladies presided at the various tables :—-Mesdames Thomas and Lewis Misses Williams, Davies, Humphreys (2) Richards (2). Elias, Morris, Thomas, Rees iSiios, Price, and Davies. Subsequent to'the tea a concert and public meeting were held in the church, which was filled to the doors Mr Theqphilus Williams occupied the chair" and the Rev. Owen Edwards delivered an interesting aud instructive address. During the evening an excellent programme-of. solos and recitations was given, in which Miss M.- H. Davies, Miss Annie Thomas, Miss R. Thomas, Miss Richards, Miss Sherlock, the Misses Lewis (2), and others took part. -The choir also gave a number of selections in high class style. At the conclusion of the meeting unanimous votes of thanks were passed to all who had assisted to make the affair a success. The M.I.A. Union of Ballarat has, by the removal of Mr Arthur Greene, of the South street Debating Society to Melbourne, lost one of its ablest members. In 1884 this young gentleman successfully represented his society at the local competitions by securing, against all comers, first prize in the dramatic display, and second honors in the difficult recitation, “Advance Aus tralia.” Again, at the M.I.A. competition which took place last week, Mr Greene once more distinguished himself by carrying of no fewer than five first prizes—in the dramatic display, senatorial display, comic recitation, sentimental recitation, and in the dialogue “ Sir Peter and Lady Teazle.” We understand that it is probable that this promising Ballarat native, who is only 20 years of age, and who was educated at St. Paul’s school, will adopt the stage as a profession, and with this object in view he intends to place himself in connection with a well known Shakesperian scholar, Mr William Hosking, for counsel and tuition. At the meeting of the Ballarat Swimming Club last night Mr Ince mentioned that an idea was abroad that the lessee of the City Baths had discontinued the quarterly and half-yearly tickets. Mr Tucker, who was present at the meeting, said such was not the case, andthat quarterly and half-yearly tickets could be obtained ns heretofore. Lieut. Doherty, of the Prison Gate Brigade, of Ballarat, tells an amusing story, showing the means some people will resort to in order to obtain the wherewithal to purchase drink, even a half pint of beer. The other morning, the lieutenant says, a woman knocked at the door of the Homo, and upon his answering the call, she enquired, “Is thegintleman himself in?” “Well, sure,” answered Mr Doherty, “ We all try to be gintlemen here me good woman.” “ Areyou an ‘hafficer’?” asked thefemale. “lain,” said the lieutenant, “ what can I do for you ?” “Well,” replied the woman, “I have a daughter in service in a township a few miles out of Ballarat, and here’s a bit of a letter I’ve wrote to her, an I havn’t got tup pence to buy a stamp to post it.” “ Leave me the letter and I’ll post, it,” chimed in the prison gate brigade officer, who says he “ saw the woman’s mouth watering for a half pint"of beer.” “Do you think I’m going to lave mo private letters, thrusting to anybody but meself,” was the reply; “ here, give me the tuppence before I be too late for the train.” Lieutenant Doherty re fused to comply with the request, saying that he could see through the little game, and the wily applicant left the Home saying that “ be the piper that played before Moses she would have satisfaction.” Avery pleasing recognition of merit was made on Saturday night, at the closing en tertainment in connection with the annual competition under the auspices of the M.I.A. Union. This was the presentation of a watch and illuminated address to Mr W. D. Hill, the secretary of the union. The watch was inscribed—“Presentedto W. D. Hill, Esq., by a number of his friends, in recognition of his noble work in the great cause of mutual improvement. Ballarat, 14th November, ISSS.” The address was as follows—“To Wm. D. Hill, Esq., honorary secretary of the Ballarat and District Mutual Improvement Associa tions’ Union. Dear Sir, —We have much pleasure in convoying to you our high ap preciation of the earnestness, intelligence, and energy with which you have conducted the business of the Mutual Improvement Associations’ Union, and of the time you have devoted to it for the past three years. The union is a great fact which owes its existence almost entirely to yourself, and it bids fair to establish itself as oiic of our permanent national institutions. It is not given to every man to have his name asso ciated with the origin of a great public movement, but so long as the Mutual im provement Societies’ Union continues to exist so long will your name bo insepar ably connected with it. We earnestly ■ hope that you may long be spared to pursue your useful career, and when in the fulness of time it shall please Providence to call you hence, you may descend to an honored grave beloved and respected as you are to-day.” The presentation was made by the chairman, Mr W. I. Allan,' who, in a few compli mentary remarks, referred to Mr' Hill’s arduous and successful labors, remarking that the presentation was the outcome of private subscriptions, not one penny having been taken from the Union funds., Mr Hill, who was taken completely by surprise, thanked the donors in suitable terms. He also referred to the good work accomplished by the union, remarked that his labors had always been prompted by love, and not by hope of reward, and wished the union every prosperity. The presentation and the re marks that preceded and followed it were greeted by the audience with hearty ap plause, the movement being evidently a very popular one. A fair number of applications are being made for tickets for the picnic being arranged by the Water Commissioners for the 24th of this mouth, and the affair promises to prove most successful. Those who intend to go and have not yet ap plied for tickets should lose no time in doing so, as by sending in prompt applica tion much more satisfactory arrangements can be made for the enjoyment of the visi tors. Meetings in the insolvent estates Edward Roger Griffiths, Owen Bowen, and William Gloeson were held before Mr J. A. Mulligan, chief clerk in insolvency, yester day. The internal fittings of the new police barracks ace now almost completed, and it is expected that they will be ready for occu pation by the end of the present week. Senior-constable Mitchell, who for 20 years past has acted as carpenter at the City police camp, has retired on the allowance granted to him on the basis of his length of service. . Anglers yesterday had rather a better time of it than on Saturday. In one case a couple of lads secured a nice string of perch, the heaviest of which would weigh about 2.Ub, while there were very few under half a-pound in weight. Two or three other satisfactory hauls were made in the morn ing- . Among the inmates of the home of the Ballarat Prison Gate Brigade is the well known Samuel Lillicrapp, who some time ago attended the Town Police Court and asked for the discharge of the misguided girl Frances Romeo as lie desired to marry her. Sam, who is a chimney swgep by occupation, did not succeed in ‘t winning ” Frances from the clutches of the police, butTnevertheless, he is determined to wed somebody in the shape of a woman. Last week he earned 18s, which sum he gave to the officer-in charge of the home “to keep for him.” Lillicrapp was informed that nearly the whole of the money would have to be de tained to go towards the support of the establishment in which he was Ijeing housed and supported. The eccentric individual could not see why he could not have what he had earned, especially as he was “ goiim to be married to a young lady in Melbourne next week.” Sam’s appeal on behalf of him self and the “ young lady” was without avail, and he has now struck work, and has intimated his intention of sweeping no more chimneys on behalf of the home fund. Cr Lieutenant-Colonel Smith stated yes terday at ■ the City Council meeting that the iron gates applied for by the council for the gardens had been previously applied for by the Reformatory. The gates would have been sold for a small sum to the council but that a promise had been made to the first applicant. The City Council decided yesterday to make some extension of the conveniences to pic-nickers at the gardens by the erection of one or.two more boilers for hot water. In reference to the proposed grant by the Government.towards the Yarrowee channel, another letter was yesterday received at the meeting of the City Council from the Public Works Department, stating that the grant could only be received on the usual terms, viz., that each council spend £1 for each £1 contributed by the Government. As the council consider that it is fair that £1 for £1 only should be spent, the matter was on the motion of Cr Claxton, referred to Lient- Colonel Smith. The Juvenile Industrial Exhibition in St. Johns school. Soldiers Hill, will be opened this evening at 8 by the Mayor of the City, and the ceremony promises to be very at tractive. A brass band will play selections of music during the evening, and Goldiim’s chromatic machine, which prints 12 colors°at a stroke, will be at work, by the courteous permission of Messrs F. W. Nivou and Cos In our advertising columns will be found full particulars also of the many attractions Vall bu blou 8 ll,: forward during the There wore 14- applications before the committee of the Benevolent Asylum last night for the position of matron of that institution. They were reduced until those of Mrs Phayre and. Mrs Dickson were . fc _iu, former applicant secur ing the appointment by one vote. Mm Phayre brings with her high testimonials uom residents in the colonics, and also from officials in Ireland, where she held for some years positions of trust in similar iustitu tions. , A United Evangelistic Mission, conducted by Dr Grattan Guinness begins in the Alfred Ha lon Saturday evening next. The subject is Our infidel leaders and what becomes of them.” Admission is free to all the services The choir will meet for practice ou Thursday evening, at half-past 7, in the Congregational schoolroom. Professor Fraser, of Melbourne, lectures to-night under the auspices of the Y M C 1 in the Phoenix Hall, on “ Body, Brain’ uid' Mind.” The lecturer is an able and eloquent exponent of human science. This will be big first appearance in Ballarat, and lie is v ar e to bo greeted with a largo audience, coining as be .iocs, under the auspices of so nomilw an institution as the Y.M.C.A. The formation bf anew volcano near Tonga has been reported in a telegram from New Zealand. Thu following particulars of the phenomenon are given by a correspon dent of tile Auckland Slat- On Tiioslhv the 13th October, a grand volcanic eruption took place in mid-ocean, about J 8 miles N. W. of Tongatabu, and caused no little ex citement amongst the European and native population of Nukualofa, and ns the ,'reat masses of gaseous jnattor were ejected from the volcano in a cunifonn shape, they ro «e some thousands of feet high, and fo-incd themselves into most fantastic shapes "and cirrus clouds of snowy whiteness. The Pre mier immediately ord -red the .San Illy to ~e t under way, and, accompanied bv the il-'v a l’ B. Watkin, Mr Bucklaml, and others imme diately proceeded to the site of the volcano From the description they gave of it, it nm«‘ have been magnificent in the extreme. They stayed all night in sight of the volcano, and had the pleasure of seeing it converted’from that of a submarine volcano to that of an ordinary volcano, being about 30 feet high at the back of the crater. They describe the immense mass of gaseous matter as some 2000 feet or more in circumference, and piercing to the skies far above the clouds The island is still active, and Captain Lane who has recently visited it in tbo Haile’ stated it is now about SoO feet high. Tonga has been noted latterly for its ecclesiastical fires, but will now be known for it.; volcanic fires, for at the present time it has perhaps the largest active crater in the world, and in American parlance we can now lick crea tion.” Ono of tho most conspicuous figures in contemporary European politics, Count Kal noky, the Austrian Foreign Minister, who has lately had important consultations with Prince Bismarck in conjunction with the Imperial confeiences, is thus referred to by the Vienna correspondent of The Times:— “ While most of the leading politicians in their country are familiar to the crowd, and cannot walk out without lurin'' to lift their hats every minute, Connt°Kal noky often saunters along the Gratcn at its busiest time almost unnoticed. That Count Kaluoky should bo so little observed is due altogether to his modest and retiring disposition. He is not married; he receives litfclo and seldom goes into society. There has not been a ball in the Palace of the Ball Platz since ho became Foreign Minister, nearly four yeais ago, and as'to going out, he is of the same mind as Prince Bismarck, who once said that he did not care to bo shown off as a centrepiece at dinner tables. Sometimes Count Kaluoky is to be seen at the opera in a small box, alone, but most of his time is spent over books, or busi ness, for he reads much, and he is an inde fatigable worker. Formerly he travelled a good deal, and was fond of buying rare books. and bronzes, of which he has a magnificent collection, but from the day when he became Foreign Minister till now he Iras never taken a whole week's holiday. His diligence reacts upon all the staff of his office; yet these gen tlemen have not to complain of that exu berant activity which used to dismay the Downing street clerks in Lord Palmerston’s time, nor do they groan under that heavy taskraastership which by all accounts pre vails in the Wilhelmstrassc at Berlin. W ith Count Kaluoky all things work smoothly and without noise. The Minister frowns, but he never scolds. He does not raise his voice, but his opinions or orders arc-given in words so clear that there is no need to emphasise them. Modesty', which with many men the result of shyness, seems to be in bis ease the outward sign of conscious power, for Count Kaluoky has a spleudid nerve, and is always admirably cool.” Referring to the subject of closed roads, the Anju-t says:—“Next conic in a class of objectors who aver that if the grass were yearly sold the roads would never bo re covered. As 10 times the area of the roads is let on annual grazing licenses, and is re covered without difficulty—without the ghost of a dispute—there can scarcely be said to be much force in the contention. And there is the amusing circumstance, that this particular objection comes from the champions of land nationalisation. Ur Quick, for instance, who declares that, once put land under license, and it is gone for ever, formerly figured as an ex ponent of the doctrine that the State can part with the whole of its do main to agriculturists ou long leases, and can lesunie possession at plea sure. Possibly the member for Sandhurst lias seen the error of his ways. Wc are glad to notice such a conversion. Hie change is creditable to tbo intelligence of the convert, but it must bo pointed out that there is no necessity to rush to the other ex treme, and to maintain, in the face of facts, that the State cannot venture to grant a pre carious annual tenure to graziers. However, the cause of common sense has never been so near to a victory as it was on this occasion: and, as time rolls on, the fact that 1-15,000 per annum is to be had for the asking, will probably make more and more impression upon local bodies with main roads to main tain. If deserts count, no member is more sure of a seat in the new House than Mr M‘Leau, and we shall hope to congratulate him next year on the success which Jie so nearly obtained in the present session.’ In view of the possibility of cholera making its appearance in Australia, the Central Board of Health have issued a cir cular, which was read at a meeting of the local board yesterday, calling special atten tion'to a number of facts and rceommcml ations in connection with the disease. Board of Health, in the interests of t e public, should give publicity to the impor tant document. The boat Elsie, which foundered in Cono Bay on Sunday week, when four persons were drowned, was recovered on SatiinwJ- There are now no hopes of finding the homes of young Deegan or Craig. A young lady named Alice h oung "j l5 seriously burnt on Friday evening at near Omeo. Whilst standing near a lire clothes became ignited, and before assistaa w could be rendered she was fearfully ‘jur about the legs and lower portion? body. She was attended by Ur ® iinl f s ’ : who entertains little hopes of her recoie • Miss Young, who was employed hy Fregon as governess, and is only anew > val in the colony, is a native of flymoiit . Another batch, the fourth, of IC Land Act maps will be issued th'“ " ‘ The maps will be for the counties 01 Croajingalong, Dargo, Gnnbnwer, Uc'a > and Lowan. There are 2,1)13.000 pastoral land in these counties, acres of agricultural and grazing hind,-■>, acres auriferous, aud 33,000 avana e sale by auction. The Hobart correspondent of the • '9' states that the Minister of Lands on ' day received a letter fro... the Melbourne syndicate formed to work the Imga s mines, agreeing to the terms and cim ' v laid',low., by the Minister. The bond for £5OO will be prepared as s possible, in order that the compan. commence operations at once. An accident of a somewhat (says the Ilcndit/o Independent) occ j the afternoon train from Sandhurst , bourne on Saturday. When beta cc ” - n j n g end and Macedon one of the trucks contai s hay or straw ignited, it is suppoa ‘ sparks from ,tlie engine, and shory wards five other trucks similarly ‘ , r our took fire. The train was pulled up > cC . of the burning trucks taken doan /pick don, the two others being emptm tn ; n g contents where they caught hre, tn . >^r^Tthro'vn 011 to tke I'T.jial bcl sn .i v one truck was damaged Ifim<ib nrst * Qa the arrival of the 3.30, from Melbourne to Sand- | c , V“ tn '. t had to remain there for stMSC ,!tibseque,.tly passed through or straw. |p,t:rai' : S f t | ic hanking statistics for I .‘iOtli -September, the In- Rankin'! k’erora’ concludes as is nothing to create uneasi i7v.- ~'k in, r Statistics; there is much t'-fictinn; and no indications a raise fV\‘, „.: iur auv alteration in cur iasberC charged by the banks Llation. although there is a never for it- of Pickles’ coach, factory If: ; i! f i;,,0 rxlciKndcnt.) held an iu- S on Saturday afternoon, in mcctl 'ig attached to the factory, 4 t ’.c! tllC •'(jidTence which had taken manager and the railway :3 P t hrills For sonie "’ Ceks P :Lst a has existed -between 'm* t hl foreman of the buggy de , ’md Mr Day kin, foreman of department. During the ■l* Daykin received permis- Melbourne, leaving another V- eB 0 flh" railway hands. In the there appears to have been concerning the authority of Mr l L ht f ev having interfered with 15?'; t!l . , mg and which led to the as spoken of above. On ihen Ike men were being paid, :p.tiined tire amount owing to Mr "F-substitute, and refused to pay some an increase in saiar, as I‘m-Jlr Dayki» some time ago. The however, all paid by the fore- own pocket during the after no doubt, be refunded by * ,r The employ have decided Scathe directors,'explaining the cause Jin-jiite. hijdaidc telegram published in last £ Herald says:-“ A most extra- St affair was witnessed in King Wil iTa-ect this morning. _ A man named Hand was proceeding quietly along 'l'll cavryins three bricks Opposite f-1 Office ho stopped and faced window, and suddenly fell arni pitched a brick through the li'roiow Before he could be stopped he ir-vdieil'tke three largest windows. The arrested him. What actuated not known, but it is rumored he Isitirea to desperation through hunger.” 1 1 trdney telegram published in the flhSsavs’:—“ Before beginning his lecture I'Sliilire Roval on .Sunday evening, Mr & Bri»ht referred to the judge’s CT. j a the Walker case, and said it felaaotlier instance where the consti 'piithorities stood in the way of the it) c! knowledge which was not duly feed or duly diplomaed. He read a leaication from Mr Walker to the Sprint when he returned to Sydney, !st three mouths, he intended to re . t ' ee lecture for which he had been It prosecuted—not as a challenge to iteration, hut in order to vindicate ■Us of free discussion, and to give the i the poor the same knowledge which lies themselves had admitted that the ilherkh might possess.’’ 