THE SOCIAL PURlTi SOCIETY. On Monday afternoon the annual meeting of the ladies' branch of the Social Parity 8oc£sty was held in the hill of the Y.M.G.A, There were about 120 ladies present. The Rev. J. C. Woods presided. Prayer was offered and ft portion of Scripture read. The Rev. J. C. KIRBY, on behalf of Mrs. Lee (Hon. Secretary), read the annual report for the past year, as follows:—" In placing before you the repoit of the Ladies Social Purity Societ " " " " but a recc quiet oflTcrt, of struggles with ignorance ctuletts with prejudice, but withal of a fair measure of progress and sufficient success to encourage renewed attempts. Events in England have lately roused the attention of the masses to this subject. A mighty wave of indignant pity for the wrongs ana humiliations inflicted on our sex has swept across the old country and surged to our shores, stirring the hearts of our people in sympathy for England and anxiety for ourselves. It is known to most of you that & Bill was last session introduced into our Parliament for the better protection of our young women, and it was supported by a numerously Bigued petition from both the male and female branches of our Society, the women's signatures obtained by tfw ladies of the S.P.S. numbering between 6,000 and 7,000. With some alterations and amendments, this Bill is again before our. Parliament this session, and we have reasonable 1 faope that it will shortly have the sanctaon.of our legislators. If so, it will give us powers which must be used with grave discretion, but' which can, in no way supersede or contravene the work of thiB Society. Daring the past year the meetings of the committee have, with the exception of a short summer recess, been continued regularly once a month in tfie Church Office, Leighstreet, and In view of awakening greater .vigilance in the .mothers of the working -elan and promoting kindly co-operation TOth the aims of this Society, large meetings of-the mothers have been held in the Mission Hall with satisfactory results. Drawingroom meetings of mixed classes have been •held at the residences of several members of Our committee, and have been, we hope, useful in educating public sentiment and ranting and directing public efforts in the cause of a higher morale in the home and a closer guardianship of the young, which is greatly needed. We have had some correspondence on the subject of our work with the other colonies, notably Tasmania and New Zealand, who are watching the progress of our Bill and preparing to follow in our leading generally in HUB work. We have distributed a considerable amount of literature on this subject, carefully selected by the Rev. J. C. JHrby, and we continue to enrol members who will .influence others, and so invite membership wherever possible. The subscription is 2s. 6d. per H"""", which is Chiefly expended in the literature referred to. After our Bill the prominent heed of the moment appears to be the completion of the Refuge, the plans "of which have already been submitted to and approved of by the Befuge Committee. We beg to suggest its reorganization under a more inviting name with the view of rendering it a training Bchool for self-improvement in all hofttely duties and domestic industries, and for self-mastery and self- culture in all true womanly virtues. . As .an immediate addition we need a Bmall oentral house of rest as a feeder to the older establishment Ana now we wait, though not with folded tonds,the result of ourjjetition and the fate ofourBffl. The Hon/John Coltat has peratttently befriended it since its birth; he has stood by its cradle, watched its growth, and *wjl,*we taut, shortly give it away, the bride of hope—the nop* of a nobler, purer lifeand the pledge of a new era of moral prosperity for our colony." Bishop KENUION said that every onerealized the great difficulty e£ thia subject— first, bemuse there was need of extreme delicacy in the .treatment ef it r otherwise they might do as nuch< hara» a» they proposed to themselves- to- doand, secondly, because the more awledge they propagated- about the TCradies for the evil the- greater wa»the . danger of propagating knowledge oft the evil' itself. That this was the ease was borne out. by what Miss Ellice Hopkins said of a.publication of a most immoral, kind which was now obtaining a circulation ofc same. GQvOQB p copies per week. This puUication. undertook to write down vice, ana because ifcdid thaiit could not be touched by the law, although, it all the time spreading. the .very: knowledge of the viae it paofessed' towrite down. The English mind' hack been* Btirred to itB greatest depth bj tiie public cation of the report o£ the- Secret Com<mission which was instituted by the pror T'xetor of the PaJL Mall Gazette AJI honour to them for fcka brave resolulaon th«R , made, and for havng successfully cacriejiit oX At first thera was a very Btrone feebne indeed against tbesQ, and the sate of fcba ' Z WM prohibited by. most of the book- Sra. But now, when it had pirowed that what the PallMaU Qa^m brou^b&to; reaiiy did exist, the feeling had chaoged. The heart of everyone who knew anything about the matter had been racked "to, its greatest depth by learning the bomUe cr^M that were going on in England, and, dSSSeS going on in many other countries X wittout any of them being aware of the fact Miss Elide Hopkins—and he knew of no lady who had done so mucn good in hsr. fen^farolauaeHhad sent to hun privacy fee reports that had appeared in. the gdl Mall Gazette. He would not harrow their feelings by bringing before them any »fcthe deteUa of the disSoBurea, but tins iwdi he would say to show the state into which a certain part of England was drif tmfe that it aroeared that for years childraa.of a yet wSger and younger age were being made ininiBters of am to those whose wea were so fearftd. The chaplain of one of largest military lock hospitals m Eugland, who had been absent from England for altout 'twelve years, said that when he left he left the hospital filled with womeu ? and when he returned he found it filled with children. It was perfectly awful to contemplate that little children were being taken away very often unknown to their parenta—certainly -without understanding what they were doing —and carried off into the homes of vice. This revealed that not only was VIM strongly prevalent, but that there was need of greater repression by the law. (Hear, hear.) They o^htto distinguish in ^ matter between vice and crime. They ought to have it very clear in their minds that what they were endeavouring to do was of two kinds. They first wanted the law of South Australia to be of .auch a kind that they would make crime difficult to achieve. Then they wanted the whole tone of society raised, so that vice should become hateful. These two things they should try to keep apart If they brought Acts of Parliament to bear on vice •apart from crime he was afraid that they -might be tempted to press our legislators to • legislate in a sort of panic, and that what they did might possibly have to be undone. The Bill which was now before Parliament was so admirable that:he trusted it might be carried just as it was printed; and they should urge their representatives in Parliament to give it their support. The work of the ladies lay in dealing with the spread «f vice rather than with the - attempt to suppress (dime. „ They must remember- "how vice commonly originated. " "It" verjr commonly originated from the overcrowded Btate of the homes of the poorer people; and this was an evil they Bhould strive to remedy by ' visitation and counsel. They might do very much by impressing upon mothers, the importance of draBsing their children in such a maimer-as to preserve decency. All mothers ought to be induced to give their children physiological training in such a manlier r as only a mother could give it He had asked before, and'he would ask again, Why "wa0t that children were left to learn all that was most solemn and sacred about»their bodies from those who would only speak about thing in the wickedest and most wanton of language ! Why should they not learn such things as it was inevitable they should learn from the tender, and. gentle, and loving, and religious li^ jof ifipod mothers? Mothers should,- give their children that knowledge which- would -jn&ke; them more alive to the dangers ,,-^that surround them, and which would inakethfHn think more of the sanctity of-their. bodies. God had given us His Holy Spirit to dwellln our bodies, and we ought to maintain ohr bodies in the utmost purity and holiness. Then mothers should be taught to give their children plenty of physical exercise, to inculcate habits of cleanliness, and to keep their houses happy and bright There was one other great duty that rested upon them all, but which might be especially carried out by the ladies, and that was the raising of the tone of society as to the sins committed by men. Man's responsibility for his sins should be brought to bear upon his life, as ^strongly at least as the sins of woman were brought to bear upon her life. There should be the same law for the man and the woman. They "3id not want to see young men who were in the habit of living in gross sin admitted to society as if their lives were pure and- Jioly. (Applause.) They wanted mentobe bVought to realize that the tone of society would not suffer it^ and that if they desired admission to society they must at least live pure lives. (Applause.) The ladies, in their social gatherings, should not allow men to have any place at all who were living in gross sin; they should not allow their daughters to be given in marriage to those who were living in gross sin. If they 'would do this, then tney would have taken an important step towards helping forward society in the right direction, Their gne hope was in spreading more and more the knowledge that our bodies were to be the temples of the Holy Ghost. We must realize the great lesson of the incarnation. He moved the adoption of the report. The Rev. SILAS MEAD seconded the motion. He said they must all feel gratified at the advance, made in South Australia in this matter -during the last twelve months. A great deal had been due to the existence of the Social Purity Society, and a great deal had been due to the Bev. J. C. Kirby. He noticed that in the Bill before Parliament the age of consent was 15 years. In England there was a strong opinion that the age should be 18 years, bni perhaps there were reasons why it shoulc not be raked so high. It should at least be 16 years. The disclosures of the Pall Mall Gazette had called the attention of the public to the necessity for further legislation, and he had no doubt it would be easy now to cany the clause fixing the age at 16 years. There had been great difficulty in giving effect to the law, and should the present Bill be passed there would be great need for them to see that the officers of the Government did not in any sense allow it to be a dead letter. It was important they should realize the great extent to which vice existed amongst us. It would.be an advantage to have before them some definite knowledge on the subject. If we knew the whole truth with regard to the City of Adelaide the public would be aroused and the necessary repressive measures would be taken. Sunday-school teachers might sometimes speak on this subject to the adult classes. The spirit of their religion was altogether in favour of purity, and every Christian person must not only. live a pure life, but do what he oould to promote the cause of purity. The Bev. Canon AKDREWS supported the motion. He thought the meeting should take some practical turn with reference to the formation of a temporary House of Refuge or a Shelter in the midst of the very haunts of vice. He was glad to see tbat Dr. Mayo had taken up this suggestion, and that there was therefore a prospect of it being carried out. He would say nothing farther, except that on this subject they should be united. They had on that platform only onv doctrine, which was to love their neighbours as themselves, Die Bev. S. KNIGHT aaid the ladies- were called upon to expound to the people of Adelaide what was meant by the statement that society was not careful to obtain a reputation for morality. It was their daty to ostracize those whose lives disqualified them for the society.of ladies. He referred to the for- ward deneaaonr of many.yosng girls in 1MB colony. Shis should be diaoomraged, and they shoald- eadeavour to cultivate in all females the- nafeural timidity and' refinementof the sex. The CHAHBIMF was happy to be there, not only as a minister,, but ass man- Remarks had been made aiboat them which were coarse and cowardly,aad he therefore wished to assure thenvof'sympathy. Ifc-waa said they could not make people good by Act of Parliament, butf> they caoliS at'least make vice difficult and» tmpteae»fc The resolution-was-«ai7ried on animoosly. Miss SPENCE ARIUT< that if it were difficult for a man to speak- o» tha» subject it was doubly: difficu It for a- woraao. Il! the women could not erpeiik they- csold act. Let them in everything t'hey did aad<aa£d endeavour to remote parity, nobtenesey and unselfishness, £et them diseauntenanbe- the shameful liver though he might be riefa> and o£ supposed good social standing; 1 But they mu^t be careful not to be tooi inquisitorial. <Haar, hear.) With regard to- iallen-womeB, she had not much hope for th e eletar persoas, bat she had hope for the youn ger persona, naauyof whoa* had been rescued. TbG>Hon>e should be opea to all, but they si ioutd*endea?ear. especially to reach and save the souug. The Bev. J. MCEWIN moved—" That? the age of consent i» the Soeial Parity Bill) shanla be raised to . tin ags of at lea& 1& years. 1 ' The age "when-the Bfli was introduced was 16 yearn, ba⁢ had* been reducedto 15 years. Man y ofr tkern- felt that if the age were notraieecl tbtB-agitbtioik woald have to be gone over again. The Rev. E. G:&ATTOs- iieco;»ded foemotion. He said that at a meeting of the MiaiBteriaL Association of Adelaide held that morning a resolution affirming th&desisabilifcy; of raising: the iige of ^consent to-18_years- was passed. A memorial embodying •this resolution would be circulated for stgoature^ and would be, resented to the HoUBfe. ofAssembly. Carried. The meeting closeSiwitk a* vote of thanks to the Chairman. PORT POOB FUND.—Th& Port Poor-Committee aaet at Mir. Malia'a office on Monday afternoon, Septe-mbee 7. Mr. Crooks presided, and there was - a. gpod attendance. The Tireasnrer roported .the:credit balance at. £106, and expenditure to data .£197. The Rosewater Committee. rm>ortod having relieved (luring the past week seventeen cases. Three applicants had .been, refused, and tfvowho had been getting, assistance had foundwork. One family helped was found uiu deserving, ftevaral. pecsona had called and thanked, the committee for comforts received during^ the winter, and tbey were encawaged to find that mush good had bean, done through the care in visiting. ESpmes.aad children were improved, and the bright welcome accorded them was tile result of benefits received. Mrs. R. Boas, Monat Crawford, had sent the committee aad a friend 5s. The Portland Estate Committee had relieved eighteen ewes, aad. the Port Committee twenty-tvao. cases^ The Exeter Conyjaittee stated that they, bsd expended £13 7a. 3d. in visitors ivBmarljed that in several instances big gfels.were kept idle at home bqeauge the parents had an otujection to their Spina to service. A nan who was in consi^nt eo^ploy ww found to have . got relief;, and _ It was resolved to insist uppn.- his paying back the valne of the same an fnrt&ec; proceedings would be taken In the matter. A woman was named who had acknowledged to getting relief both in the city and at the Port As against these disepnraging facta, a visitor mentioned that as a result of their labours many homes which had been formerly distinguished aB nnti<& and unclean had been greatly Improved. They had proved this in the course of unexpeoted visits, the clean and orderly houses furnishing a strong contrast to what had previously obtained. Mr. Hounslow's "report named twelve cases relieved and twenty-five orders for wood and itatoes granted. Votes were passed the ^ sal committees, and the meeting adjourned for a week. DESTITUTE ACT COMMISSION.—The members of this Commission met on Monday, September 7, for the purpose of considering the Chairman's draft report. Some amendments having been made the report_ was unanimously adopted, and on the motion of Mr. H, W. Thompson, seconded by Mr. C. H. Goode, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Chief Justice for the great trouble he had taken in the preparation of the report. It was suggested tnat some additions should be made and that a summary of recommendations should be inserted, and the members resolved to meet on Tuesday next, September 15, for the purpose of considering these additions and signing the report. ADELAIDE PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY.—The first rehearsal of this Society will take place this evening at the Town Hall at half-past 7 o'clock. GR THBOAT AFFECTIONS AND HOARSENESS.—All Buffering from Irritation of .the throat and hoarseness wi5 be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of " Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous "lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is. lid. per box. People troubled with a "hacking cough," * 11 KlicrTif. slight mlfl." cold,' or bronchial >hem too soou, troubles, 'if allowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic {Sections. See tbat the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches" are on the Go- Ternmeht Stamp around each box. Prepared by JOHN I. BROWN & Sons, Boston, U.S.- European depot removed to S3. Farringdon-road, London. lltczi tS" There is no compensation for the woman who fee 1B that the chief relation of her life has beeu no more than a mistake. She hasn't even the consolation of Bheingold Cigars. 817 76? ZgT The first ingredient in conversation is truth. If you swear by the Bheingold Cigar you; have got that first ingredient tight by the tail. 247-76* US' ENGAGEMENT-SINGS AKD WEDDING PRE- SKNTS.—Basse's Elegant Jewellery, Designed and Made at the Establishment, No. 80, Bundle- street. 241thsc GG- FLSBXLINE I FOB THE TEETH AND BBEATH —A few drops of the liquid " Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produce a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly- whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arisingfrom decayed teeth or tobacco smoke.- "-The Fragrant Flonline," being composed in part oi Honey and sweet Herbs, ia delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s. 6d., of all Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to 88 Farringdon-road, London. lltcxd KS~ Man wants but little here below, nor wants that little strong when indulging in the numberless beverages of everyday life. Nothing is more beneficial to the system, invigorating to the stomach, or bracing to the nerves than a light, refreshing tonic. Under such a form of beverage comes the Laser Beer of Messrs. H. Clausen & Son. Of delightful aroma, sparkling and bright, this particular brand of Lager only requires to be once tasted to secure the appreciation and patronage of the general public. Throughout the Australian Colonies it has made for itself a name wherever it has been placed in the market, and the shipments constantly coming to hand are hardly equal to the demand. The fact alone that no sooner _ was the Lager Beer of Clausen & Son introduced is to the colony than it was to be found in the leading Hotels speaks for itself. StOne ft Co. are the agents for this colony Messrs. 177tfc 