TO CORRESPONDENTS. " Subscriber," Adelaide.—The clerk of the marktet "• can prevent any person from selling refreshments there. Yon can obtain a licence from the town olerk. "Mason."—1. The Adelaide Steamship Company dispatch steamers to Perth about every three weeks. 2\. The passage-money isSaloon, £1010s.; steerage, £710s. 3. The usual time for a trip to Perth is seven days. " Working Max," Moonta.—1. Perth and Fremantle. 2\. Their populations are 5,044 and 3,641 (census of 1881) respectively. 3. Their distance from Adelaide is about 1,600 miles. 4. The fares by the Adelaide Steamship Company arcSaloon, £1010s.: steerage. £710s. "Mr Own Idea."—1. The weight of the heaviest engine is 71 tons, and the lightest 121 tons. 2. The weight of dam ploughs varies from 116 lb. to 511 lb. 3\. The river Tamar nearly divides Cornwall from Devon. 4. It would if it had different wheels, and if it could be guided. 5. No, assoon the man is crowned the move is finished. 0. The first locomotive ran be tween Stockport and Darlington in 1830. 7 George Stephenson died in 1848. " Subscriber," Mcningic.—We should say that the parents in the case you mention have no right to draw the money. " New Chum."—We should reply in the negative to your first question, and in the affirmative to the second. We, however, advise you to consult a legal gentleman on the subject. "H.M."—Dalkey is a seaport in Dublin Bay, Ire land. It is an Irish name. "J. P. TRIPP."—Your letter contains libellous matter. " H. CURRELL."—Your letter in the form in which it is written is an advertisement. " TrctIi" takes exception to statements in a tele gifem describing the death of Caroline Grahlow in the Gladstone Gaol. He denies that the woman re fused to admit her guilt or that her remains were removed prior to her sister's arrival, and states that thfe deceased received Droper attention. "Justitia," Glenelg, thinks, contrary to Mr. Sparks's opinion, that had Mr. Pearson carried his claim for damages against the Glenelg Railway Com pany for injuries received in an accident to the Supreme Court he would have obtained a larger sum than was awarded by the Local Court. "Miller's Ghost," Watcrvale, writes: — "The authorities have stopped lighting the lamp in front of our local post-office, a most dangerous proceeding on dark nights, on account of the verandah floor being some height from the ground. It is almost impossible to find tlic letter-box without running against a post or falling off the verandah, as a young lady did the oilier night and hurt herself. The Government should be made liable for damages if a serious accident occurred, which is very likely. About £1,000 was wasted over this building, which will not be required for another fifty years." " Kxqui her ," I'rince's-strcet.—Yes. " J. II."—The South Suburban Club occupied the second position on the scoring- list of the Adelaide and .Suburban Cricketing Association at the close of last season, the Glcnsides being the premiers. " J. A."—If no runs are scored off an over it is a " maiden" whether a wicket is taken or not. 