A Masher's Cyclopaedia. A young society man, with more brains than the general run .of shakers of the nimble heel, is preparing a private directory for the use of. hius fellow.toilers' in the Melbourne drawing-rooms. It is to be en titled, "Girls I know, and how to interest them." Looking over the advance sheetsof this curious little volume, we are profoundly affected by the philosophy its pages evince. An extract will give an idea of the plan on which the work is constructed : Lettie A.-Read up on flowers. Be strong on Machel Niel roses. Dose her up with tulips; anecdotes of early violets. Bud.de atroying frosts highly acceptable. Maggie B.--Booke; novels of sensation. Read up "Leavenworth Case," "House on tie Marsh," and "Great Porter Square Mystery." Hint about mysterious murders soon to be made public. Harrow her. Maggie wouldn't give a cent for one who can's harrow her. Ghost experience in de. serted church yards always acceptable. Plenty of blood and spooks. Sadie C.-Poetry. Give her Tennyson. Compare her to Clara Vere de Vere. Give her a few stanzas of "Locksly Hall." Go light on "Maud " and "Idyls of the King." Stick to the lyrics. Tell her she, reminds you of " Elaine," or "Vivian," and wish you were " Merlin." Alice D.-Lawn Tennis. Ran down cro. quet. Alice has snide ankles. Mamie E.-Scandal. Don't be afraid of going too far. Mamie hates widows. Was cut out once by a widow and engagement spoiled. Say widows ought to be banished from the society of anmarried people and put on a reservation. The harder you lean on the widows the more Mamie will like yon. Annie F.-Platonics; brotherly love; ab horrence of flirtation. Lay it on strong. Mourn for a sister that died' in her cradle. Annie will cotton to you at once. Say you wish you hada sister like her. The odds are she'll invite yon to love her as a sister. Don't refuse invitation to lunch. Old F.'s claret can't be beat, and there's always a chance for a small drop of fizz. Kittie S.-Be rompish. Squeeze her hand. Kittie likes fellows with no nown sense about them. If you don't manage to kiss her before you go, she'll set you down as a muff, and you needn't call again. Hug her'every chance you get.. Don't mention B.'s sane ; he jilted Kitty. The advantages of this work are simply incalculrable. 