A GOOD HATER. Bt FREDERICK BOYLE, Author of 'On the Border Land,' 'Savage life,' ' Camp Notes,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the 'author. All rights reserved.1 Chapter XTV. — Mb. Jciics Beater. A few days after SaxeHs return General Randall called. 'This is not the way,' he began abruptly, 'that a soldier who has been distinguished by his Sovereign should revisit ins native country. The modesty of courage -«re know and admire, but when it has been singled out as an example to others, a man so honored has not the right to shirk the duties attendant. It had been arranged that a guard of honor should meet yon at Preston, and escort yon in one of the Earl of Rainforth's carriage — or six if you liked — to Daneham. Then the volunteers were to make their exhibi tion, all the old people were to bless you, and - the young to dance. Why have you slighted Her Majesty's distinction by evading- tfrese ceremonies V 'Is it season enough, sir, that they were not put into general orders ?' 'Why, no. There are cases when propriety suggests the right course.' 'Then I would point out, sir, that the country took no steps to let me know what was contemplated.' ' Then you hit our weak point ! And how are you, Saxell ? We have heard of your cava liering and romancing in Italy. The damage is made good, eh? Iliope so, for Lord Rain forth sends his invitation — here it is ! — to pack your gun and join us at the castle. He's de termined to let off something in your honor.' 'I am very much obliged, But, general— I may speak frankly ?' 'As between two soldiers — say what you like.' ' Then, sir, there's a certain difficulty. My cousin, Miss Palliser ? ' ' Of course, Lady Rainforth will send her an invitation to-night, and to Mrs. Saxell naturally. Now tell me all the news those con founded papers leave out.' Mrs. Saxell came in, of course, to do herielf the honor of entertaining a chief of the Randall dan, and received the verbal invitation graciously. 'Iha.veqtd.te made up the little misunder standing through Lord Danscombe,' she said, 'who conveyed the countess's explanation in the most generous tone. We shall be happy to accept.' . '\Vithout prejudice, I suppose,' asked the general, significantly. ' Of course, we are aU anxious to see Dunseombe married, and from what we gather he has shown better judgment than could have been expected, and had in finitely better luck than he deserves. If yon can smooth any difficulties in the way, the family will be grateful, Mrs. Saxell.' Andthe general departed. ' You had not mentioned Lord Danscombe's visits, mother,-' said Dick. ' They had reference to matters which you decline to talk about with me,' she answered drily, and left hhn revolving many things. In the evening Lady Kainforth's note arrived and Grace wrote an acceptance under protest, to which she haudJy troubled to give a serious turn. Smiles of joy rippled about her lips, while she tried to look solemn and aggrieved. The society gathered at Daneham Castle, in this month sacred to the pheasant, was more imposing than that the ladies had found earlier in the year. The county people had assemblies of their own, and LoxL Eainforth's guests were mostly her ladyship's, personages of the London world. Though not so important in the scheme of the universe as the territorial magnates who were entertaining at home, they znade vastly more show. Mrs. Saxell felt her self neglected from the outset. Though Grace caused almost as much sensation as she could have wished, it was not the right sort. These dames and demoiselles were above all as tonished that such a lovely girl had never been ?' discovered,' andfrom thatfact they obviously drew the conclusion that she must be quite out -of the world. None of them 'were anxious to take up the part of Columbus, and their admira tion was of a distant, patronising sort, as if they felt afraid of committing themselves. Grace laughed, content to bide her time, and too high spirited to suffer under small annoyances. Bat Mrs. Maxell fumed. She had accepted the in vitation under a belief that it was meant to Tecognise without formality Lady Rainforth's appreciation of a service she had agreed to do her son— and the disappointment gave another sting to her wounded pride. Dick, of course, had his own position highly honored. Hie suspected nothing of his mother's pynall humiliations. abroad, the gentlemen shooting and the ladies not yet returned from lunch. Lady Rainforth. Mrs. Saxell, and liady Farrar, wife of a southern baronet, Bat working. The two aristocrats kept tip an endless purr of gossip About people and events whereof Mrs. Sixell bad never heard. She sat silent perforce but boiling with a desire to remind them alike of lier presence and of her importance. The opportunity came, when Lady Farrar observed that Lord Dunseombe paid much attention to Miss So:and-So. ' When the countess made no direct reply, Mrs. Saxell struck in: — 'His lordship tells me that his choice is quite fixed In another direction.' ?' ': Lady 3Fairar looked blandly interested and astonished. Lady Rainforth frowned slightly ^ **The news ia^not -public yet,' she said. ^l But it is hardly a secret that my son has been attached to Miss Acland for some years.' . 'Of course, I should not dream of mentioning ' it.' 'There were some difficulties of a business nature, but they have all been settled now.' 'I do not know,' said Mrs. Saxell sharply, ' that all has been arranged. In fact, nothing has been done actually, I think.' 'Among persons of condition an understand ing is enough,' replied the countess severely. ' Do you not agree with me ?' A servant entered and gave Mrs. Saxell a card. 'Mr. Julius Beaver,' she read. 'I don't know him. ' Dear me !' exclaimed Lady Farrar. ' Can it be Mr. Beaver, of Beayerlowe? One of the oldest and wealthiest families in my neighbor hood, dear countess. He has called to see oae of us, no doubt.' ' The gentleman wished to see Major Saxell, my lady,' said the servant. ' When I observed that Major Saxell was out he instructed me to give his card to Mrs. Saxell.' At a whisper from her friend the countess said: — 'Thompson, tell Mr. Brown to attend upon Mr. Beaver if he desires to wait for Major Saxell.' Mrs. Saxell found her visitor in the library ; Lord Kainforth's collection was famed, and rarely before had it been examined with an air of supercilious curiosity. ' 1 have come, madam,' said Mr. Beaver, 'upona meddleeomeerrand. Youhaveobserved perhaps that good nature is generally meddle some. Fortunately I can put it into very few words. Certain papers are lost which may possibly have been conveyed to you by the Under. As I was passing through this neighbor hood I called at Searsholm to ask whether your son has received anything of the sort in these last few days, and they referred me here. Can you give any information?' '1 don't understand, sir.' ' It is not necessary to go into detail. Your son would have mentioned the matter, I think. He has not done so ?' 'Not that I recollect, but really this is very strange. Richard will return in an hour or two.' ' Good nature will not carry me so far as to wait,' he said, smiling, with a glance at the books. 'WiU you kindly give Major Saxell my address at the Preston Hotel, and implore him to take the trouble of writing me a line if he has anything to say upon this matter ? But on no account n it would be a fruitless exertion for us both.' 'He will be pleased to write. I may pre sume you are the Mr. Beaver whose name appears often in the case with which I am con cerned?' ' Your presumption is justified by the facts, madam. But I did not understand that you were directly concerned in that case ?' 'My son having withdrawn the legacy passes to me, and 1 have taken steps to claim it.' 'Indeed! indeed! May I ask whether — I think I have norighttotroubleMajorSaxellfor a letter when at much less inconvenience I can wait and see him. I thank you, madam— good morning !' He calmly dismissed the lady with a bow. 'There are very many questions I should like to put to you, Mr. Beaver, since we have met in this providential way.' ' I hate questions, and on second thoughts I will go at once. ' 'Let me ring for the house steward,' said Mrs. Saxell, as a hist hope, and that functionary on the watch outside, entered at the instant with Lady Farrar's compliments anda request that Mr. Beaver would not go without seeing her. He refused with cool politeness, and followed Mrs. Saxell out. Some of the younger ladies were passing at the moment, and among them Grace, looking divine. Mr. Beaver fixed bis eyes upon her with a stare that was only not insulting, because it had no expression whatsoever. He turned upon the house steward. ' Be so good as to express my acknowledgments to Lady Farrar, and.say that I will wait on her forthwith.' 'Her ladyship is with the countess, sir; if you will kindly follow me.' At the door of the drawing-room Lady Farrar was waiting. *' Mr. Beaver,' she cried, ' I had not hoped for this distinction. It shall be entered in the archives of the family. Do you know it is nearly twenty years since I saw you to speak to?' She led him towards the countess. 'By my feehngs, dear lady, it seems an age ; by your looks, a moment. I envy you the precision of mind which can exactly fix a date.' When the presentation was over, Lady Rain forth observed — ' I am told that mine is the first house Mr. Beaver has visited for years. Though the compliment was not addressed to Daneham, it touches me obliquely.' 'I did not dare to offer it direct,' Mr. Beaver answered. 'Your ladyship must recollect how far Daneham is from Beaver lowe.' . ' Mr, Beaver regards his house as an island encompassed by savage realms,' said Lady Farrar. 'I am fortunately old enough to re collect when all the fun and gaiety of our neighborhood came from thence.' ''That is why I sit in sackcloth and ashes now. Remorse is a heavy load, I assure your ladyship, when one has nobody to share it.' ' If you have nobody to share it, that must be vour own fault.' 'No, indeed ; I was born an orphan. My sufferings are aU due to that.' Lady Rainforth glanced in his face, which was quite serions. 'Why have you not founded a generation of your own,' she laughed. - ' Orphans often do when they grow up?' 'The idea has occurred sometimes, but really the more I looked at it the graver it appeared. I know that some people do not . regard things in that light. Marriage is the best joke they can perpetrate. Bat I can't help thinking of it seriously more or less.' 'That's just the way he used to talk, countess,' exclaimed Lady Farrar. ''We were never quite sure whether Mr. Beaver was in earnest or joking.' 'Is it surprising, then, if I give up inter . course with my neighbors, when the tenderest feelings of my nature were liable to outrage ? Believe me, the lot of the orphan is hard.' He bowed, as if taking leave. 'We may hope,' said the countess, 'for the pleasure of seeing you often whilst you remain in this part of the country? I did not hear where you are staying, I think ?' 'At the Preston Hotel just now; but my intention was to start homewards to-morrow.' 'I am glad to hear you put that intention away into the past tense. In this uncere monious season of the year, might I venture to ask you to dinner to-morrow ?' 'The only enjoyment of life is its surprises. I shall be overcome with gratificationr' 'And you -will stay several days? Haying made such progress with your conversion it is a pleasing duty to take care you do not relapse.' 'I burn the gods I have adored to worship at your shiiue henceforward.' Grace was standing beside Mrs. Saxell. Mr. Beaver stopped to speak. 'If your son would wish to see me I shall be pleased to make his acquaintance to-morrow morning. ' He looked so hard at Grace that Mrs. Saxell introduced him, not withont her little sense of triumph. He bowed very low and departed. Mr. Beaver made a topic for the day. The ladies agreed, old and young, as soon as they heard a vague suggestion of his rent-roll, that he was quite deliciously odd, with such a high bred air of cleverness and originality. Grace alone had courage to say, what many thought probably, that his manner was an offensive compound of vanity and cynicism. Mrs. Saxell rebuked her sharply. For the visit of this distinguished and interesting personage had altered the lady's position immediately. She. was appealed to for information, cautiously invited to tell the motive of his call, and other wise made much of. And Mrs. Saxell enjoyed tbe new sensation. When Dick heard of this visit he was an noyed, perplexed, and amused, but very un willing to call on Mr. Beaver. Whatever these aa^Eing'Qbcunients might be they were evi dently connected with the lawsuit, and his agreement with Mrs. Saxell forbade him to concern himself with them. But she implored and insisted; curiosity was roused by the gossip and interest of aU the guests, and Dick rode over in the morning. Mr. Beaver's question was soon answered, but he courteously declined to explain it. 'Tbe affair is none of mine,1' said he, ' and I should not be justified in speaking, even if I knew. So you have thrown up your legacy, Major Saxell?' *? Unreservedly, after satisfying myself that Raike s was an impostor as malignant as cun ning.1' 'Jfrom what 3Ir. Acland wrote me I understood that she inclined at that time to argue that Raikes was Henry Hardwicke. Did it prove to be so V' 'The evidence proved it conclusively.' ' I always thought him a very bad lot, but if any one had told me that our old accom plice was capable of such lasting spite I would not have believed it. His nature strengthened, I suppose, under tbe healthy discipline of the service?' 'You thought him too weak-minded for such obstinate hate?' 'Yes. Harry always seemed to me rather above the average of wickedness, but in a common-place way. If he had all that go in him how very gravely sometimes he must have revolved the holy right of private vengeance ! That thought gives interest to the question even now. But if Raikes was Harry Hard wicke have yon found out what became of Hugh?'5 'Why, of course he was drowned,' Dick answered in astonishment. 'When?' ' ' Under Wolfingham bridge that night.' ' Hugh was not drowned there nor .then. I stil^ b^ep a note from him which bears the Laystpne postmark of December 10th.' 'Great heavens ! But he may have posted it overnight.' 'He did not. But since you have no infor mation let us drop the subject. A solitary , life, I find, has developed the gossiping mclina- j tion to an extent which I should not have believed possible.' Dick hesitated. 'No,' he said at length. 'Since you have begun, and the matter any way makes no ' difference now, pray let us go on. You your self are sure that Acland was not drowned ?' ' Quite sure. Hugh had faults, to put it charitably, but he would not have written a challenge when he could have delivered it by word of mouth.' ' A challenge ?' ' Yes. He offered me satisfaction for some violent words uttered that night — mark you, that night when he is supposed to have been drowned. Since he rode straight from Beaver lowe to the ford after the scene in question it is evident that his letter was written after wards.' ' But he gave an address for you to write to him ? Where was that '!' ' At his London club.' 'You wrote?' 'No,' Mr. Beaver replied, with the faintest possible quiver of the eyes. ' I was ill ; but as soon as I could I sent there. The hall porter had an impressionthat Hugh called some weeks before to ask for letters.' 'In that case his name would be entered in the hall-book?' 'No, for Hugh's name had been struck off for non-payment of his subscription. But please don't tempt me to run on in this unpro fitable manner.' ? 'I may ask, for my own satisfaction, what is really your opinion ?' ' And I answer, to my own dissatisfaction, that I have none. Your claim has passed to Mrs. Saxell she tells me?' 'Yes, and you will pardon me for saying that I regret your confidence extremely. What am ltodo about it? la it my duty to tell her?' 'Take example by the distress of a man who is convicted of speaking heedlessly !' cried Mr. Beaver. 'Our talk has been confi dential.' ' I do not remember that you made that stipulation,' said Dick coldly, and in spite of Beaver's protests he left undecided. But reflection told him that as a man of honor he had no choice, and in the brief and dry account he rendered to Mrs. Saxell these new statements had their place, qualified by all the doubts that arose to his mind. 'You cannot take an unprejudiced view, Richard,' said she, with more calmness than he expected. 'From the beginning your sympathies have lain with Mrs. Acland. It was on the evidence she furnished, and nothing besides, that you submitted, for I cannot see that Mr. Vane made a serious effort on his side to check that evidence. Why do these facts only come out now, by accident? Because they were not looked for. It will prove that Raikes was Hugh Acland whenever the ques tion is traced out by business-like and un prejudiced enquirers.' ' Well, mother, I have obeyed you in seeing this man, and I earnestly wish I had not. 1 have told you what passed, and I almost wish I bad concealed it. Now we will let the question drop for ever, as between you and me.' 'There is something I could tell, Richard,' said she, after a moment's hesitation, ' which might convince you that I am not unjustified nor unreasonable in proceeding.' ' Then tell me, mother, for it will be a relief.' 'Lord Dunseombe,' she answered, after another pause, 'has offered nae a large sum to withdraw a suit which he knows must be successful.' 'Ah ! Dunseombe, who is engaged to Miss Acland. And you refused, of course ?' ' I did not. The prohibition to compromise does not apply, and I was glad to spare every- | body's feelings.' ' ' Everybody's feelings ? Not mine, nor Mrs. Acland's, nor any one's beside Dunscombe, who dares not face a lie and beat it. But I am J sick of this, mother. Go your own way.' There were great personages staying at j Daneham, but when Mr. Beaver entered the drawing-room every eye turned on him. His ? dress was quietly perfect, in the old | fashion, which suited so well the clean-cut features, pale face, and keen superior smile, . which gave Mr. Beaver an air of distinction in any company. A ruby of great size fastened his cellar, a second held his shirt front, and a third, pierced in the Indian style, hung from his fob. Solitaires of the same gem adorned his wrists, and his shoe-buckles were rnbies and diamonds. Women stared with envy; men looked at one another and smiled. But no one could frankly despise such a show on a man whose birth, position, and fortune were unquestioned. \ General Randall, however, if he did not des pise the jewellery, hated its display. He only grunted when Mr. Beaver recognised him courteously, with an air suggesting that they had parted last week. Then he made his way straight to Mrs. Saxell, beside whom Grace was seated. Observing a demonstration which suggested that Mr. Beaver was going to sit in her lap the latter hastily made room. ' You will allow me,' he said to Mrs. Saxell, ' to devote myself to Miss Palliser. It is a maxim of mine that we should always keep the society of the young, and there is no privilege of the sex which I envy more than their constant association with childhood.' 'Yours is quite an abstract maxim,'lausrhed Grace. ' They say, Mr. Beaver, that you avoid both old and young.' 'That is the doing of the unspiritual god circumstances, as Byron calls him. If I have sought the wrong course I have always known the right, and at the first opportunity I reform. From you, Miss Palliser, I hope to gain life.' 'And what will you give in exchange ? Life, they say is priceless.' , 'For those who know its value. But the savages of Australia hated the golden sand which troubled their streams. I can teach you how to enjoy life, and it is a fair exchange ; ; mine is the more agreeable part, yours will be the more profitable.' - ' I trust,' said Mrs. Saxell, 'that you will ? teach Grace to take a graver view of existence if you give yourself the ungrateful task of in- j sti-ucting her.' j 'I snatch at the sanction you are kind enough ? to hint — Miss Palliser, I will ground you in the true principles of beauty, on which are based the higher aims of man ; remember ing always the profound axiom which utili tarian Socrates combated — that in the pre sence of *beauty all things become beautiful. This is the very essence of wisdom, and be cause it is not understood, but rather repre hended, the earth is rather dull, and — I think they are rising. Shall we go ? — and miser able.' Somehow Mr. Beaver had got Grace's arm, and he moved on talking. But the conversa tion bored her already, by this sample. ' I be lieve,' she said, ' that Mr. Winthrop takes , me to dinner.' At this moment of confusion a youth cams up, rather red, and muttered something. ' You are under a mistake, sir,' said Mr. Beaver, with grave courtesy. 'It is my privilege to guard Miss Palliser through the dangers of this strategic movement.' 'Indeed it is not!' Grace began, stopping resolutely. But Mr. Winthrop was an uncon sidered personage in society, and he had already turned, looking disconsolate. Mr. Beaver carried Grace away. The house steward, in alarm, made an effort to put things straight, but his whispers were ignored. Mr. Winthrop came to unexpected promotion, escorting Lady Farrar, who was speechless with rage. Lord Ramforth, fortunately, did not know what was going on. The countess j frowned, hesitated, and laughed. J Mr. Beaver kept up his affected strain until Grace said frankly — ' I don't understand this talk. It makes my head ache. I am not at all - clever, you Imow. Pray let us get to persons . and things.' : 'You are much better than clever. What persons or things shall we talk about ?' I 'Oh, I don't know— yourself! Why have you shut yourself up all these years, and why have you come out now ?' ' I shut myself up because I was disgusted with the ugliness of life; and I have come out because I saw you in the passage yester- '? day.' 'Really? That is what you call a point blank compliment, isn't it ? Do you expect me to be offended or flattered ?' | 'Simple truth is colorless. You aske-? a question, Miss PaUiser, and I answered.' '?We are always told that girls should not ask questions. What was the particular ugliness in life which disgusted you ? There ! , I am questioning again. Don't answer ! Tell me about Beaverlowe. Is it a nice place ?' ' Now let us be explicit. I represent, un worthily, the oldest line in England, and my house, not unworthily at all, is the oldest in tbe kingdom. What do you mean by a 'nice place f ' ' Oh, dear me ! I think I meant lots ? of things. Has it a ghost? Js it comfortable? Have you a lot of armor, and old portraits, and cosy rooms, and a cannon-ball of Cromwell's, and a locked chamber, and trap doors, and secret passages, and a ball-room where we can dance — not too narrow, that is— and things like that?' 'If they make a nice place, Beaverlowe comes up to the description. My personal fancy suggests a chatelaine as indispensable. What do you think ?' 'If she is indispensable, you must have led a very imperfect life hitherto.' 'I never quite understood what was want ing, but a vague sense of deficiency oppressed me.' 'Something short in the furniture or the pictures of Beaverlowe ? I should think that deficiency was the easiest of all to fill up.' ' You really believe that ?' 'I believe I should, if it were worth while to think about it.' ' I must have supreme loveliness, the fault less beauty which is above doubt or criticism, like the frame in which I would set my picture. Now, do you encourage me to imagine that I -could secure that?' Grace shot a keen glance at him, enquiring, merry,- and mischievous. 'No,' she said shortly, 'I do not,' 'Supreme beauty would not Consent to put a pinnacle, as I may Bay, upon the ^iceuess of Beaverlowe ?' ? , r ' I don't know that this is good taste, JJU.'. Beaver, but I'm sure it's gcod fun. Have you never tried ?' 'Never. When I was a younger man I did not see that my house wanted a pinnacle. But when you pointed it out I felt the want instantly.' ' I ? Such a notion could not possibly have occurred to me.' 'An unconscious suggestion, perhaps. But you seriously think upon the whole I had better be contented with my ghosts?' ' Decidedly. Yours are amiable ghosts V 'I suppose so. They never give any trouble.' ' Then be content with them, and change the conversation. Not too abruptly, however. You represent the oldest line in the kingdom, and Beaverlowe is the oldest house. How old is that?' ' I have no idea. As old as the forsaken geds.' ' Dear me ! Which are they ?'; 'Strength and beaut y. They have their last home with us.' ' I am just clear enough to know that this is very extraordinary, but quite too stupid to understand it. What are the modern gods ?' ' Legion, by whom the swine are possessed.' 'Let us change the subject abruptly this time,' said Grace. 'I have lost my footing altogether.' Lord Rainforth had been waiting an oppor tunity to interrupt. He said, leaning forward, ' Farrar tells me, Mr. Beaver, that if you could be induced to exert your influence it wouldgive us two seats, at least, in his part of the country. I hope we shall persuade you to feel more in terest in politics.' 'Now you see,' Mr. Beaver murmured to Grace, 'something of what I mean by the ugliness of life.' Aloud. ' I fear not, unless you have a new party. The last time I looked at a newspaper I found the Conservatives too mean and the Liberals too vulgar for an honest gentlemen to take part iu their diE ferences.' ' I agree with you there, and until the last few months I have been scarcely more in terested in politics than yourself. But things are coming to such a pass that we must make the best of bad meins to protect our common rights and honor. If you have not followed tbe course of events, Mr. Beaver ' Heaven forbid !' 'Then you would hardly believe me when I told you what theories are current, and what monstrous legislation has already been framed to give them effect. The very foundations of property and freedom are shaken.' 'They have never been firm in my time, my lord. Freedom and property can rest securely on force alone. The other side have it all their own way when you try to base them upon syllogisms. And the force went from us some time back. My conviction is that we must wait till the pendulum swings our way, which will not happen until things have gone further to the bad. After making up my mind to that I withdrew, and since you tell me that public affairs are going on just as I expected there is no cause to reconsider the determination. If I did move I should support the Radical -with all my strength — but without seeing him — oh, merciful heaven ! without seeing the crea ture ! ' Do I understand you literally, Mr. Beaver ??' ' Not quite, in practice. That would be the wise course, the philosophic, and if I were a young- man I should follow it. But there is a danger that events will move too fast or not fast enough. The old system of things, which is tolerable, might break down before I got quite tired of it, or might drag on until the smash found me too old to reconquer my. own ;or again I might have all the annoyance and die before the compensation began. So, upon the whole, as at present advised, I shall rest quiet.' 'You take my breath away ! Do I rightly understand that you expect a revolution and a social war ?:- ' By the signs that history has recorded for ?us, I conclude that it is not far off, but one life is an instant in the long struggle. I have not the slightest fear that things will not last my time, and the only question is whether it would be worth while to hurry the crisis,' ' For your own amusement, do you mean ?' asked Lord Rainforth, laughing but be wildered. 'Yes. A Gracchus, a Cataline, a Caesar could force the pace now, as they did once on a time. But I have net their induce ments.' 'Now I see,' Grace interrupted, in a low voice, 'that to set a pinnacle on Beaver lowe is quite a sudden idea !'' ' Oh wise young judge !' he answered in the same tone. 'I confess that I had not yet combined the new idea with the old. These events might fall hard on the pinnacle ?' ' I should very much like,' said Lord Rain forth,' to hear your viewsat length, on this point. I don't catch the bearing of them at present, beyond the fact that you expect a revolution. Do you think when the struggle comes, property will be able to resist ?' ' I am quite sure, my lord, that we should have a more exciting time of it than we have at present. Beyond that I have not looked.' ' But thecountry-^-civilisation — humanity ?' interjected Sir William Farrar. ' Words— words ! An ancestor of mine threw his sword on the king's table when his title deeds were asked. He did not trouble about humanity, but the act had its share and agreat one in the making of English history. He only meant to defend his own wealth, his own enjoyments, his own pride. For the same motives I might draw his sword again, but for claptrap abstractions ? ' Mr. Beaver closed his eyes with contempt beyond affectation. |f i' I feel sure that wemisunderstand you, 'said Lord Rainforth. ' It will be my misfortune to rest under that fate, my lord.' Mr. Beaver's hours and movements were not regulated by common laws, but by the exercise of patience and watchfulness Mrs. Saxell intercepted him going to the conservatories next day. She began at once. ' My son has told me the surprising facts you mentioned yesterday. Might I venture to ask why you did not confide them to me ?' Mr. Beaver's look expressed emphatically that she might not, and that the impertinence of the suggestion amazed him. But he said— ' 'I have only one good quality, madam, which is frankness. I did not confide them to you because my sympathies were with Mrs. Acland at that time. I simply wish to know, as I said, whether Peake's memoranda had fallen into your hands.' 'Peake's! This is another revelation.' Mr. Beaver smiled without reply. After a pause she continued — 'May I take it that your sympathies are now transferred ?' 'You may take it that they are in the balance.' ' What can I do, sir V Only tell me.' 'True to the good quality I have claimed I will speak out. It was my intention to ride back to Pi-eston that day, and thence home, having finished the business that brought me to this neighborhood, not the business you sup pose. My intentions were upset, perhaps all my life wiil be changed by an incident that occurred in your presence, Mrs. Saxell.' 'In my presence?' ' As we left the library we met Mrs, Palliser.' ' Oh .' What .' Am I presumptuous in con cluding that you admire my niece?' 'Presumptuous, madam ! Mine is the pre sumption — not for admiring her, ^since that is the special purpose for which she was created, which she fulfils so exquisitely. In marrying that ideal perfection my existence would be completed and rounded off. I shall have lived my day to tbe uttermost.' 'It is a great honor,' said Mrs. Saxell, when she had recovered breath. ' I may tell you that my niece had a childish engagement with Richard, but as soon as he returned both saw that they did not love each other in that way. ttrace is free in heart and promise.' 'Ah, I should have asked that of course. I am glad to hear it. You understand now 1' ' Your sympathies depend upon Grace's answer? Be assured I will do my best.' Mrs, Saxell sought Grace forthwith, and 'sounded' her in this gentle fashion. — 'My dear niece, I have a most extraordinary and delightful thing to tell you. Prepare yourself for news which the noblest girl in England would, be overjoyed to hear. Do you guess what it is ?' 'You have left Mr. Beaver? Yes, I could make a guess, aunt.' 'Oh, but it's nothing about business.' ' There I think you mistake. But what is it?:! ' Mr. Beaver is in love with von, mv child. There ! ; ' Did he say that ':' ' Not. in those words, I think ? ' ' No. He called me a supreme effort, didn't be ? and he wants me to add to his collection. Let us say no more about it, aunt, and the fancy will pass.' 'But, my dear -*race, you must not give way to foolish romantic notions. Meu have different ways of expressing the same idea. It was not necessary for Mr. Beaver to tell me how much he loves you, but you will not find him remiss at the proper time.' Grace replied so emphatically that Mrs. Saxell was shocked and alarmed. Controlling her temper, she said — You do not understand how important this is, my dear. Mr. Beaver has information which will set at rest the questions disputed between Mrs. Acland and myself. Take time to consider. Don't refuse point blank or he will never part with his secret.' ' That is not a reason, aunt. My sympathies are all with Mrs. Acland, and if I liked. 'Mr. Beaver I would kill him rather than see her distressed again. As I like him particularly, you may guess what I should say if he spoke to me.' . ? 'That would answer my purpose quite a3 -well,' said Mrs. Saxell, spitefully, 'or better. When he learns that you insult and despise him because you love the Aclands I think he is a man to take what vengeance he can find. So do just as you please, Grace Palliser. 1 brought you up tenderly and prudently, devoting myself to you, and until these people came across our path you were fairly obedient and grateful. Since then you take pleasure in thwarting me at every turn. With your help they have seduced the affections of my son ! Oh, I see very well ! But if I am a lonely and neglected old woman at home, I am not helpless — no ! We shall see who has the best of it at last, who has been honest and open all along, and who has been found out in her cheating. A child and justice, they say, against the whole army of wicked ness !' ' Oh, Aunt, you cannot think that either Dick or I have lost our affection for you ? We think you wrong in this matter, and we are sorry to see you so prejudiced ; but we love you dear!' Grace caught the grim old woman in her arms and forcibly kissed her. ' You can put it that way if you like,' Mrs. Saxell replied, breaking loose. 'You may call it love, but that only shows that you don't know what love is. I understand very well, and these demonstrations only irritate me.' As soon as she could get word with Dick, Grace told him what had happened. He Baid — 'My mother gave me some hint of this just now, but I paid little attention. Of course, the idea is absurd, and almost offensive.' ' I can't see that, Dick ?' 'Why, a cat may look at a king, but it is at least no compliment. You are not fascinated by his eyes or his money, Grace ?' 'Not' a bit. But remember what aunt said.' 'He's spiteful enough. And Mrs. Acland has declared all through that if anybody could tell the true story of these mysteries it was Beaver. A man who can tell the true story has great advantages in telling a fake version, if he's a scoundrel. I'll tell you what, Grace! As soon as I've taken you home I'll return to the Bagni, and let Mrs. Acland know that Beaver has come forward at last with a ven geance.' ' Ob, Dick, what a happy excuse.' ' Excuse ! What do you mean ?' ' If Edie was not there, wouldn't a letter do just as well ? My poor Dick ! Do you imagine 1 have not seen long ago that you love her 1 Everyone at the Bagni knew it, except the blind beggar on the bridge, and I daresay he suspected. Is not Lord Dunscombe there ?' Dick tried to struggle, but it was too hard for his frank loyalty. After hesitations and protests, which Grace heard in smiling silence, he confessed. ' But my feelings,' he added, 'have nothing to do with this determination, for I will not see Miss Acland if it can be helped.' 'Fortunately, it can't be helped. May I venture to say something which I know isn't proper— though why it isn't I have not the leas-t idea.' He was going to say no, but she hurriedly went on, ' I hope you will see Edie looking so beautiful and so good that decorous Dick will lose his head. And I hope Edie will suddenly perceive that Lord Dunscombe is a bad bargain, money and title and all, when she may have a hero who worships her. And then the persons I love dearest in all tbe world will marry, and we shall be happy as the day is long. Is that improper?' 'How can you suggest that Miss Acland's engagement is a bargain ?' ' That's the result of education on the fells ! We never learn to speak prettily. What should I call it ?' 'If you don't know to the contrary you should believe that every lady marries for love. And in the case of Miss Acland ? ' 'Well?' ' In the case of Miss Acland, it is monstrous to suppose that she is puided by unworthy motives.' 'So I think, indeed, Dick; but if Edie doesn't accept him for his rank, or something of that sort, what is the fascination? She doesn't love him, I'm quite sure, for we used to talk quite frankly once.' 'Let us return to Mr, Beaver. You detest him, don't you ?' 'Why should I? He's a great personage, and everybody is jealous of me. That's not a reason for detesting him.' 'You make me nervous, Gracie, What are your own real feelings ?' ' Irritation mostly, I think. I feel like a slave put up to auction, and fancy him a buyer. 'And it's very near the truth in that fellow's point of view. But surely that's reason enough for disliking him ?' ' How strangely bright his eyes are, though they look so cold. Have you observed that ? 'I observe that he has impressed you much more than I like. It cannot have entered your mind as a possibility to accept him?' ' You give me credit for too much foresight. I shall not even give him an opportunity to ask, and he leaves for Beaverlowe to-morrow.' With this answer Dick had to be content, and he saw that Grace acted up to it through the evening. Next day, as they drove off Mrs. Saxell observed — 'We are leaving earlier than I intended, Richard, in order to see that all is comfortable at home. I have asked Mr. Beaver to stay the night.' No one replied, but Grace flushed. Alone with Dick in the garden at Scarsholm, she exclaimed — ' He has come to ask me, and I won't be hurried in this way ! I shall refuse down right!' ' I have been thinking that he will take his revenge on Mrs. Acland. Put him off.' ' What nonsense ! That's what they say in books, and it is so silly. If Mr. Beaver asks me a straightforward question, as he will, I can no more avoid a straightforward reply than you could. It would not be prudent to refuse him, you think? Then I shall go to bed.' ' And she did, before dinner time. Mr. Beaver arrived, showed graceful disappointment, and set himself to entertain his hosts, since no better might be. Mrs. Saxell found him most amusing and instructive, and Dick, from his prejudiced point of view, saw too clearly that he was a formidable foe. But to neither would he give a hint upon the matter that engrossed their minds, and left next day with the kindest snd frankest messages for Grace, who ran downstairs as his carriage drove off. Mrs. Saxell glowered at her and smiled maliciously, but uttered no rebuke. Later in the day Dick announced his departure, and set off half an hour afterwards. Again Mrs. Saxell sub mitted without a word. Grace said to herself that this boded ill. As the ladies were sitting down to_ dinner a carriage drove up. A wild idea seized Miss Palliser. 'Aunt,' she exclaimed, 'if that man is coming back I shall go to bed again !' ' As you like, child ! Whether you accept him or offend him, my object will be equally served, I hope.' Before Grace could frame her indignant reply Mr. Beaver was announced. ' You were good enough to assure me_, dear madam,' he said smilingly, 'that I might return to this enchanted hind if circumstances permitted. I have given battle to circumstances, and this is the hero's reward,' possessing himself of Grace's hand. ' You feel quite all you look, Miss Palliser — robust as an immortal.' 'My niece has been telling me how well she is — a relapse now would be mere will wil fulness. ' A charming trait in the stage of existence Miss Palliser has reached,' said he, sitting down. ' Younger it is almost impertinent ; older it is annoying. But all weaknesses are graceful at eighteen.' ' Even a headache, I suppose?' 'A real headache among ladies is not generally wilful, and pretence may always be made diverting. May I ask after Major Saxell?' ' He left an hour after you, for London.' ' Your son has disappointed me, madam. I hoped to persuade him to undertake the pleas ing duty of escorting you and Miss Palliser to Beaverlowe within the shortest possible time. Does he stay long in town !' ' I should think not. Your invitation is a compliment which will surely bring him back. What do you say, Grace ?' ' I am too much overcome for words. Are you going to keep open house at Beaverlowe again?' ' If you wish it.' ' Oh, I am perfectly indifferent. Of courae, we cannot go.' ' It would be more comfortable, no doubt, to travel under the care of Major Saxell. But, if his absence is indefinite, could you not venture alone ?' 'Certainly we will,' Mrs. Saxell replied. 'We. long to see such an interesting house i under such flattering circumstances. I speak [ confidently for my niece.' ; 'I can speak for myself,' cried Grace im ; petuously, ' and I do not care to see Beaver ; lowe.' i ' Then that decides it,' Mr. Beaver answered calmly. 'I used to calculate that I had room for twenty-five guests handsomely, and forty eight at a push— in the shooting season, for , instance. We'll wake up the old echoes ! All the county shall be asked, and the county | will rush in, no doubt of that ! You asked me ' the other night, Miss Palliser, if there was a j ballroom at Beaverlowe. You shall see. I am not vain of my ancient place. I can regard it quite dispassionately, for, whatever my faults, there is none of the vulgar pride of birth about me. But, regarded dispassionately, Beaverlowe is to Daneham Castle what an altar piece of Raffaelle's is to a French print, what an oak is to an espalier, a man-o'-war to a penny steamboat, a Beaver, in short, to a Rainforth. History of England was made there, and it is written on the walls, inside and out. My forefathers were great men in a great day, and they stamped then: character so deep in the home they loved, and the race they continued, that no scion of it can help but be great. I say continued, for the memory of man does not record its foundation.' Vastly astonished at this outbreak, Grace replied, with feeble sarcasm, ' We are nattered to see' its representative eating cheese-straws at our modest table !' Mr. Beaver laughed frankly, and for the first time Grace remarked that he had beautiful teeth; she shot another glance, £*&, perceived that he was really a handsome man, . 'I did not quite explain myself-^S»v lonely habits I have been indulging for a long' yriau past make me rather elliptical in speech, p Beaver must be great, because he inherits 1 from great men, however stupid and con temptible be he himself, a position unequalled in the realm. ' No one has forfeited this dignity, and I am the last. I believe, Miss Paluser, that my tenants would think twice before refusing if I called them out now to resist some mischievous project of government. And I am quite sure that one word of mine would seat or unseat four members.' 'Then you are loved by your tenantry, sir ?' said Grace, with a tone of incredulous interest. 'It is because you feel sure of your own position that you talked to Lord Rain forth as you did the other night ?' 'Yes, my tenants love me, for they know me. They are honest and simple and straight forward as I am. They hate humbug, and when they recognise it they knock the thing down. I am forbidden that mode of express ing myself, and so I have fallen into an ugly trick of meeting humbug with its own arms of affectation, tempered by sarcasm. Tell the truth, Miss Palliser. You thought me a little conceited the first time we met?. 'Yes, indeed I did.' The heartiness of this assent seemed to astonish Mr. Beaver. He said — 'So appearances deceive. I did not do you quite justice then. And perhaps, after so many years of seclusion, I can do myself justice only at Beaverlowe. You will not refuse mean opportunity?' 'We will talk it over,' Mrs. Saxell interrupted, 'and give you an answer to morrow.' ' They passed into the drawing-room. Unin vited Mr. Beaver seated himself at the piano and sang half- a-dozen bright little chanson nettes, French and English. His voice was thin, and it already betrayed just a suspicion of a quaver, _ but in the old- fashioned ditties he chose, light and sweet and sparkling as the champagne of their era, the weakness seemed appropriate. Grace was tempted to sing, a very rare exercise for her in public. She chose ballads of the north country, in which her fine voice had no need of the art it lacked. Mr. Beaver expressed his delight in the most agreeable manner, and when bed time came Grace was astonished, and rather annoyed, just a very little, to find she had passed a very pleasant evening. Before she returned from her early walk the elders had come to an under Standing. And at breakfast-time she learned, without protest, that the visit to Beaverlowe was arranged. ' I trust to you now, implicitly,' said Mrs. Saxell to her guest, as he was leaving. ' And I have every motive to exert myself. Rely upon a man who has seldom failed.' Mr. Beaver's farewell to Grace was an ela borate act of homage, just a little too full of respect for a shrewd girl's belief. She laughed to herself many times whilst preparing what she called her outfit. But the servants all noticed that Mips Grace had quite recovered her old spirits. Dick wrote from Italy that he did not mean returning for the present, and to Grace he con fided the reason. Mrs. Acland was ill, Lord Dunscombe had suddenly left her, and things, in short, looked so uncomfortable that he would not desert the ladies. Meantime, the day of departure for Beaverlowe approached. Upon the very morning a lady was announced to Mrs. Saxell, who cried, 'I can see no one ! Tell her to leave it.' The servant came back. 'It's not a bill, m'm. The lady says her name is Peake, and she wishes to see you on pressing business.' ' Show her in at once V Maud Danvers entered, with something of the port, and a great deal of the fashion, of a duchess. Mrs. Saxell exclaimed at once, ' I beg your pardon, madam. The name misled me. I must ask you to state your business in the fewest words possible.' ' That is my intention. I have only to hand you this packet, of which you will see the importance when you find a moment to glance at it.' 'Oh! I am deeply obliged — immensely. Will you sit down? Now we shall see ! How did you get possession of these papers?' 'I took them — stole them — from my grand father for my own purposes, which have failed for the moment. Now I give them to you.' ' I repeat that you have done me a service, for which you may confidently expect payment at the proper time.' ' I am paid, thank you. Good morning.' ' One moment. This is very abrupt. Who has paid you? Mr. Beaver ?' ' I have paid myself. Good morning.' 'Tell me, at least, madam, to whom I may address any communication necessary.' 'None will be necessary.' And she went out. (To he continued.) 