The MtMtiley Opera Coinim ?.:». Tnt: performance by thia company o£ ''Les Cloche do Corucvillc," on Monday and Tuesday evenings, was an unqualiiied success on each occasion, and those who hud never before heard tho company were astonished at the proficiency displayed by them. Very good houses were present each evening. The opera oilers good scope, for the exhibition of dramatic abilities, and the acting of the characters of Gaspard, tho Marquis da Corncvillc, tho Bailio, Gobo, Germain and Sorpolotte, showed a proper conception by each of tho actors, far beyond what might bo expected from ohildren of their agc. Tho Bailie, with his consequential utterances and tho interjections of his shadow Gobo, furnishes unlimited amusement to the audience ; and the singing, us on other nights, evoked a continual shower of applause, with repeated encores. Tho outburst of passion by Gaspard nt tho conclnniun of tho first act, und again his terror in the second act, where from acting tho ghost ho, in his tru« einmietet' us a miser with tho loved money bags before him. becomes tho prey of ghostly terrors, were splendid kits of acting, and thu curtain had to bo raised in responso to tho plaudits of thc audienoe. Tho little black Pago who holds tho truin of the sup- posed Countess, makes a let oat of his character, and although ho has no purt in tho dialogue, his panto- I miinio gesture is fully as effective an words. Tho plot of the opera is a good ono, and well worked up to tho denouement; tho musio Is pleasing, while the diologuo j is always entertaining and frequently highly amus- ing. When joined with what wo havo already said of the aoting, it may bo inferred " Les Cloches de Cornovillo" wus a brilliant success, und the curtain foll all too soon for tho audienoes. A Maypolo dance was introduocd and drew forth morited applause, ns did also the dancing of two of tho smullost morutiers of tho company. Tho " Grand Duchess of Gerolstein " was given on Wednesday and Thursday, when tho attendanoo of the public wus again very good, iu all parts of the house. Tho opera is given with dashing spirit throughout, the members of the ooiupany showing great versatility of talent by their rendering of the character« of tho Grand Duchess, General Boom, Fritz, Baron Fuok, Prince Paul, Nepomuo, Wanda, Ac Tho muslo Is of a more difficult character, whilo tho length apportioned to the principal parts makes it a moro trying task than any of the other operas they have played hero, but the popular verdict was again ono of unanimous approval. Tho costuraos form an especial feature dosorving mention, and this indeed applies to every opera that has been put on by them ; there is nothing shabby or tawdry ; but on tho contrary, everything appropriate and good. The songs " Bound in oirolcs, " I doto on tho military," " Say to him,', '' Tho regimental song," and .' Lo here tho sabro," " Thora lived tn times long gono by," with tho ohorusos, wore givon with great vivacity, and well applauded, and several ouoores domanded ; and plenty of laughter ls, as usual, obtained from tho opera, to which General Boom and Baron Puok aro tho principal contributors. . Tho over-popular " II.M.S. Pinafore " was put on list night, und will bo ropoutcd again this evening, On Monday evening, the grand Christinas panto- mimo of " Jack tho giant-killer " is announced to bo given, and from the high praise bestowed on them for this picco in other places, it promises to be one of the most attractive performances they offer. As tho season Is now rapidly drawing to Its dose, few other opportunities will bo afforded of seeing the company. Having repeatedly witnessed tholi performances, we can heartily recommend tho company as giving a flrst-alass entertainment, . : 