CONCERT IN AID OF PORT ADELAIDE POOR FUND. The promoters of the Port Poor Fund having enlisted the aid of Mr. L. M. Tier, a capital concert, arranged by that gentleman, was given in tne local Town Hall on Thursday evening, the proceeds being in aid of the fund. The Corporation had kindly granted the use of the nail free of all charges, and a very fair audience assembled. An opening address was given by the Rev. Canon Green, who remarked that, though the hall was not quite full, he had no doubt it was chiefly owing to the fact that the Treasurer of the fund had announced that subscriptions had already come in so liberally that urgent need did not now exist. A great many who were there that night had already shown their sympathy by sending donations. After the splendid way in which so many in the colony—at any rate in that neighbourhood—had comeforwara to help those who were in distress, there would never be a class in the community who oould affirm that they had been overlooked in their time of need. A strong feeling of brotherhood had been shown in coping with distress, and they were now working shoulder to shoulder for the Bame cause. He was pleased to be there to express his sympathy. There were times when it was no impertinence to offer help and no degradation to receive it, and the present was one of those occasions. The Poor Fund would be increased by that entertainment, and they all owed hearty thanks to Mr. Tier for his trouble in arranging it. It was only one of many practical ways in which he constantly expressed his sympathy with those in distress. (Applause.) The programme was then very; efficiently carried out, comprising songs,, dances, instrumental selections, and a recitation, "The Progress of Madness," by a gentleman amateur. Those taking part were the Misses Nellie Peel, E. Williams, and Ada Filsell, Professor Denholm, and Messrs. Tier, Rogerson, Pye, McFarlane, G. Bishop, Harrison, D. Eunson, G. Filsell, and Herr Knick. Encores were freely responded to. The whole concluded with an extravagaut farce entitled " A Ghost in a Pawnshop," in which the characters were sustained by Messis. Tier, Filsell, Bishop, and J. Veasey. A number of local allusions caused much merriment. Messrs J. W. Channon and W. Pye officiated as accompanists, and prior to the entertainment the Southern Star Brass Band gave their services in front of the hall. During the evening the new banner for the Port Working Men's Association was exhibited,, and loud calls were made for the artist, Mr. Warren (Eve & Warren). ARRIVAL OF THE ROB ROY AT ALBANY.— The Adelaide Steamship Company received a telegram from Albany at 5 p.m. on Thursday stating that the Rob Roy had just arrived, all well, after a terrible passage. As the steamer ieft Port Adelaide on the llt'n inst. it will thus be seen that she has taken nine days to perform the journey. 