Amusements. Acabekt of Mnsic^r-Fsrs fii%-two weeks the Federals have held the -Boards here, and they show no more signs of seeking'- .pastures new than during the first-week of their appearance. In -fact the house is crowded nightly by audience? who evidently appre ciate the efforts made by Mr. Haecocks ^fe£ his 'merry men in black ' to an extent'which wilrHnder their stay a matter of eongratnlation for the friends of ' good minstrelsy '-for feometijne to come. The usual weekly change in the programme, took place on Saturday, and again fresh blood was introduced in the person of Mr. Leslie, who took part in the double quartette, 'Maying- '-(which was encoredthree times), supported by Messrs. Brahanr, Bead, Porter, Amery, Dunbar and ; Carroll, a oombination, which in the number referred to, would to 'use the words of one in the andience/' ' put to tiis blusa . many of Okue operatic companies who have performed in Sydney.' Mr. E. C. Dunbar in all his efforts .was -loudly ap plauded, and the patriotic song ' The Gallants of England,' caused great -enthusiasm. Messrs. Keenan and Mbynham, who might be made of gutta percha, for all the spectator -can tell to the con trary, were the cause of many an aching side in their comic sketch 'Plantation Pastime,' and Mr. Horace Bent, the irrepressible, maintained his reputation both in his songs and in the afterpiece 'Mary Turner.' - This version of 'Maritana' must be seen to be appreciated. Sufficient it is to say that Mr. H. Carroll makes a very pleasing-looking heroine, whose voice does not belie ner appearance; and ample justice is done to the other parts by those filing- them. TbiB notice would be incomplete without mentioning Mr. L. Braham's song '-Come, puetty Bobin,' and the '' Good CompaHy ' of Mr. . E Amery makes one wish one could always listen to such excellent voices. Mr. J. S. Porter is evidently at his best in nautical songs, and as he handled the 'Pinafore' so well it is not surprising that 'The Sailor's life' is treated bv him in a Bhiosha.De manner. Mr. W. B. Warner was to have buried 'The good young man who died,' when ' The -brokers are in ' will take its place. ' Mbriarity ' ? and this 'Fenian Cat' were given in his best form, and loudly applauded. Mr. Smyth has his time well occupied in looking after the wants of performers . and audience, and does his best to 'satisfy all daring the temporary absence ot Mr. Hiseocks, the lessee. Chiabbni's Cibcus.— H Gerald Massey would but raise the ghost of the estimable Vincent Crummies, and take him, say, to Chiarini's Circus, how that ex cellent ex-manager's spirit would stare at the ad vancement of things managerial in this material world since he left it ; while Mr. Massey, by holding converse wife a ghostly visitant of such vast and practical experience as Mr. Crnmmles's spirit must be by this time, would reap a rich harvest from a new store of information. Gerald Massey of to-day would learn what G. M. of the future would have to undergo in the immaterial world, and Mr. Crummies could tell an anxious auditory whether he found the pumps and tubs of spirit land as real as those at the T. E., Portsmouth, under his erstwhile managerial career. On Saturday even ing Chiarini's Circus was crowded oa the occasion of the benefit tendered to ' Professor' Jackson, of boxiana renown. In the first portion the aeriel -act of French and Angelo on the trapeze was much appreciated and applauded. Mr. Euzebio in Ms equestrian summersault act, was not so lucky, as he ' missed (his tip 'several I times. He however, like Young Willie Jamison, of Victorian fame, tried again, and unlike him, succeeded. Mr. Horace Eol land, in nis balancing- feat on a crystal globe and pyramid decanters, received well-deserved applause. Mies Emma Stooley and la petite Bolland, were also heartily applauded. The former is indeed a true ' Queen of the-EingJJ!'land the latter will also, in her turn, be one too/^fee Prussian stallions and the ' cynocephalns ' came.xin 'for their share of public favor, and the hnixwjfe hurdle race by Mr. Mont gomery c'onclndeflp^.lniid a whirl of leaps and bounds the circus 'portion of the 'biz.' Then came the boxing tournament. It was not a success. It tickled the groundlings and pleased the gods ; but, 'with one or two exceptions, it was an indifferent exhibition of boxing. At first, a darkey and young King came in and punched each other with vim and vigor — so much. so. that they refused to note 'time' or 'corners ;' but rushed at each other and -hammered away furiously, but unscientifically. The second round was even worse: It was such an ' exhibition' that many ladies left, and the Professor and the M.C. dragged the combatants out of the arena vi el armis. Another pair of boxers (?) skir mished round the ring working their left arms like pump-handles and keeping their right hands glued to their breasts, and despite the cries of the audience to ' Use your other dukes' and 'Let go your right,' those right hands kept glued. Jackson and Slade (from Msitland) had a rattling set to, and Jackson and Mick Dooley showed some pretty boxing. The latter stopped very. neatly. Afresh tournament is announced for this evening. ?''?'-. - Eiteesobt's MiNBTBEriS.:— This favorite minstrel company entered on the last week of the season in the -Gaiety on Saturday night. . It was greeted with a full houee. ' Happy be thy dreams,' by B. Clarke, and ' Stick to your mother, Tom,' were so well ren dered that encores had to be conceded. C. W. Cog ill could scarcely give his audience enough of ' Noah did.' Emerson and Cogill were at their best in their witty replies to the interlocutor, A. Holland. D. Tracey was warmly applauded for his champion reel and jig. The~Cc-rill brothers, in '* Just from Parramatta,' kept the audience in a state of merri ment which bordered on painfnlness during the time they were on the stage. Bart Stanley and Gus Pixleygave a laughable representation of a theatrical manager's difficulties in procuring leading talent. Walsti and iting followed in the dancing statmettes. The entertainment concluded with a farce by C. W. Cogill, entitled ' Coming home from the club,' which provoked continuous merriment. Cottiee's People's Congests. — The Protestant Hall was filled by an appreciative audience on Satur day night. The programme was a long, but first-class one, and consisted of minstrelsy by the company, a nautical hornpipe by Miss Ettie Sherwood, 'Happy Plantation Moments' by Cottier and Bo vis, an amusing: sketch on the subject of mesmerism, and a farce, entitled, 'The Rival Artists.' The various items were applauded by the audience, who demanded encores from their favorites. The .entertainment is to be repeated to-night. The Theatees. — There were excellent houses at the Boyal and the Opera House on Saturday evening. At the former, ' Impulse ' went as .yell as ever, and all the well- known points -were rapidly eeized by the audience. La the Opera House, the powerful emo tional acting of the Majjeronis' in . '* The Foundry Master' created an enthusiastic success. ANGLO-AtrSTBALIATf- COMBINATION. — The Anglo Australian Combination concert in the New Masonic Hall on Saturday -evjeuiiig was, by.far the best of any concert ^iven by tho 'opsnfeinaaabn tMs season; Miss M. -Walton, whose jappparanee has been previously noticed, was enthusiastically 'encored, as was Miss Eve Winnette, who now makes a valuable addition to the combination ranks. -Mr. JSainford's song 'Ye Men Qf Merry, Merry England,' was loudly encored. - as was his '.Will o' tj^Wi^p/' Charlie Hortonand Billy Christian came in for their well-earned share of applause. But the honors of the evening were carried off by the five j-ears old baby dancer, lituelSva Smith, whose performance elicited rounds of applause, and she received a treble encore; which must have been tiring to the child.. SevemjLaew .stfciats appeared. They -were Well *re«iewsoL- The manager, Mr. 1. , Smith, is deserving of credit ,^or the able and plucky maimOTin^hich&l;^ make these contse^|I^^Bipf^i|£&;ol^u^^^- Saturday evening's' entertainnient cbnclndea- amid roars of ia^let^h||^.M^-H^dorayi9o^d'la.TMc-: fivery part was well- suBtained. j ?-.-'; '_?-.' The AiiHA^^^^There was a large audience at ihiB place of amuseinent ':ixa Satuxday idght, and the programmej wHch'was'fexecrited w^ti apparently ^ve: Ki^t^s^tMaction. Most of the songs were «ncored, which as a very good proof that they . were pleasing to --ihe audience. 'The perform ances of the Perrnau family were remarkable, end tended io asteiuBn and please at the same time. Mies Pennan's past in. 13ie programme was executed with much gTace, and enhanced the charms of the entertaininent. The songs were song well throughout, and the drolleries of Bones and ,Tambo created much* irieminent. 'The orchestra, performed a nice selection of musi^ancl accompanied the vocal ists witti cpnaderable ,1&&iB; &aSL; skiu. Brass instrn meniSj when 'played 7 Sfery softly, form a splendid a(^mpanim-mt for T3Ms,'baritone,or-tenor songs. It .is needless' io parliculitrise«ach item in the perfor mance, 'but we ma.y.r.Bajjr that; the' members of the 'entire; troupe exerted; psBmselves' to please their patrons, and were;,successfnL ;, Tte programme ess* cuted on Sate?dayJn^TitisadvertiBe^ for performance .nntttfortiheri&Hoer; ;, ^\'-'J^'i '?] ,-'y :}-.\'^/;''^:'':'- 