REV. DR. HAUGHTON ON THE ORANG-OUTANG. On Saturday, 22nd August, Rev. Samuel Haughtnn, LL.D., delivered at the Zoological Gardens, Phoenix Park, an interesting and humorous account of the orang-outang recently acquired by the gardens. The lecture was delivered in the open air. A large number of ladies and gentlemen were present. Dr. Haugbtou said he wished to say a few words about the new arrival which they were fortunate enough to possess in the gardens, the orang-outang, from Borneo and Sumatra. He did not mean to say this animal came from both places, for that would be difficult. (Laughter.) He meant that tbe animal which they had acquired belonged to a larger species of orang-outang, which was to be found in Borneo and Sumatra, some time ago Dr. M'Carthy, of the Royal, having sent home one of the smaller ones from Borneo. The orang-outang and other apes were sometimes called man-like apes, because they were supposed to approach more nearly to man than any other apes. But this was not really what was intended to be conveyed by the term man-like ape. There was a more profound difference between the loweat bushman or nigger and the highest form of ape .than there was between the highest apB and tbe lowest form of protoplasm. And .this did hot depend merely on religious considerations. Anyone Who talked about mab and his immortal soul would peremptorily deny the right of any other creature to be like man in that sense. Going back as far as Cicero, they found that he put a gulf between man and all other sorts of animals which had not articulate spoech. He (Dr. Hftughton) had managed to oonversB with tile orangoutang, but he need not' it was not by articuiate speeoh. The result of jtbe'oonveraation was that he asked the animal how he liked this country and the people; and th« orang-outang said very well, especially Guinness' stout and Bugferstick. (Liughier.) The orang-outang had been placed in a ca«e next to the cage containing the lowest form of monkey —namely, the lemur. The lemur WOB so called because it was supposed to be like a ghost. He never saw a ghost, but those who.bad eoen them in the trees at night said the lemur was like one. (Laughter.) The gorilla, ,lho chimpanzee, and the orang-outang were called man-like apes, and the first two came from Western and Central Afrioa. The orang-outang came from the tropical islands of,the Eastern Archipelago. The gorilla and orang-ouUug were exceedingly gentle when' young, but became fierce, as they grew older. The chimpanssso, on $ho contrary, retained its getilie disposition ;and character during its whole yjto. ,,'They differed from men iq being, tip Olivia, called them, fourhanpejil ap^g^s. ,,jhey also differed $rofouniiij^J^Kin} -riuQn M nose and mouth. Ho proposed to name the new arrival " Sindbad," for, if bu did not jgiveshim a nico juiimo. lho keepers of the <gard«Ds ^o,uld|>e qaDiug him Dick or Bill or fiat, .op frpine.nantte unouited to an animal of :hls 4Mratlon, . During his oonversagdjj wftb tUe oraBE-out$»g t ttw aolmal expressed his anxiety to become a lifemember of the Zoological Society— (laughter)—but, as he had not the requicite £10, there was some difficulty in carrying out his wish. They propoeed to have Sindbad photographed, and the photos Bold at a low rate. Perhaps this would realise the £10. The rev. gentleman having thanked bis audience for their attention, the meeting separated. 