Barnawartha. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. it is ucuer to do Dorn atony tuau rich.” A worthy stalwart yeoman, well known in Barnnwartha for tho Inst few years, a countryman, if not n towny of tlic Ghost of ‘Hamlet, rejoicing in a state of single blessedness up to the present, his banking account swelling with his acreage every year, who knows to tho very fraction how many beans make five, evidently has bad his eye to business proper for some time past ; and succeeded in wooing, winning, and carry ingolf the beautiful “ Rose of Dry Creek” and triumphantly transplanting her to the genial soil of his thrifty homestead. The Presbyterian Parson duly adjusted the hobbles for them on Monday upon the most approved modern principle, warranted not to slip. The happy and truly handsome couple, after partaking of a well appointed wed ding breakfast at the homestead of the pater of the bride, among a host of admiring relations and friends, repaired to the Railway Station and admidst deaf ening cheers, showers of rice and good wishes hid their blushes behind the cur tains of a first-class carriage, bound for tho Metropolis, where no doubt they visited Fairyland. We heartily wish you joy, worthy Tom Hanson, and pretty Miss Margery. We beg your pardon worthy— Mr. and Mrs Hanson. “A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush." A youth in the immediate vicinity of our tight little township, not having seen many moons rise or set since his arrival from the “ Banks and braes of bonny Doom” was interviewed by a travel ling Jew in the jewelry lino, who had votches of the best makers for less than halt price, vitoh vere do best vetches in the vorld.” Upon the sou of Scotia seem ing to take notice of one of the watches, “ Mo” stated that dat valeh vos vorth ten guineas in London, it was capped nnd jewelled in seventeen actions, but he vos villing, just to do a trade, to lose money on it and take live pound for do vatch —the monish down; nnd give a written guarantee for live years.” The wary Scot said, “ well if you let mo have the watch for six months, I will give you good secu rity and il at the end of tiiat time I am satisfied tho watch is a good timekeeper, I will give you your price with interest added.” The Son of Abraham replied— “ suppose I die before tho time is up—I no get tho monish—come now I vill tell you vot I vill do at a void. I vill just make yon a present of de vatch for two pounds tun shillings, monish in my hand. The bargain was struck—Isaac made two days wages and his rail fare to Wodonga out of the transaction. The Chiltern Juvenile football team visited Barnawartlm on Saturday last, and played a match with tho locals on the cricket ground. Although the local juve niles contend they had the best of it, it ended in a draw. Mr. nnd Mrs Hanson, upon their return from their wedding tour by the last train on Saturday, met with a very warm but noisy reception by tho boys, tho band comprising a complete set of “ choice brand” kerpsono tins, nnd eleven “ well bred,”' bullock' bells which were all played' in themnstorly mannor for which wo are 