2HSC1LL&S1;&. ?? You never saw ray hands as dirty as yours.' said a mother to her little girl. ' No, bnt your ma did!' was the prompt reply. A beadbr asks : ' What is a conundrum f ' A conum drnm is a man at a swell-dinner in an evening drees. Sou can't tell whether he is a waiter or guest. ' An ! you flatter me !' lisped a dude to a pretty girl with whom he was convening. 'No, I don't,' was the reply. ' You couldn't be any flatter than you are.' ' Was Borne founded by Borneo f' inquired a pupil of the teacher. ' No, my son,' replied the wise man ; ' it was Juliet who was found dead by Romeo.' 11 Doctob, what will I do for this soreness in my chest ?' aekada healthy-looking lady clothed in sealskin and silk. ' keep your mouth shut,' replied the doctor, bluntly. If you have a good Bister, love and cherish her with all your heart. If you have none, why then love and cherish tbe good sister of some other man with all your heart. Woman has to wait until she is asked before she can marry. She has no voice in the matter until after the cere* mony. Then she knows how to make up for loBt time. Bank Note.— Coloured woman: ' Boss, ken I get de job ob cleanin' out dis heah bank F' President : ' No ; you are too late ; the cashier has already attended to that.' A bantering acquaintance of the other sex remarked to a woman :—' I never heard of seven devils being cast out of a man.' 'No,' was the reply; 'they've got them yet.' The following foist was pronounced at a firemen's dinner and waB received with great applause :— ' The ladies— their eyes kindle the only flame against which there is no insurance.' Youth, you say von are in love with two girle, both beautiful— one ' divinely' tall, and the other ' a peifect little fairy.' Marry the little one. She won't want so much stuff for a dress. ' Yseult Dudleo !' called tbe court. ' Jessult Dudley !' shouted the clerk. ' Result Mudley !J' yelled the tipstaff. u Yazoo Dudley !' cried the gatekeeper. ' Insult Dudley !' howled the Deputy. 'Assault Dudley!' shreked the prison matron, and a soft voice was heard saying, ' Did any one call Yirtelt Dudley ?' The compositor inserted a superfluous ' u' in the first word of a household item and made it read : ' Aunts can be driven away by application of gas tar.' And all the readers of the journal admitted that the remedy ought to prove effective, but they thought it was rather a harsh treatment; Uncle John.—' Well, Jimmy, have you enjoyed your self to-day P' Jimmv : ' No, I haven't. I've had a miserable day.' Uncle John; 'Miserable day? How's that ?' Jimmy : ' Aunt Betsy told me to eat all the dinner I wanted, and 1 couldn't.' A Sad Mistake.—11 Buckle my sboe, Egbert, dear,1' said a Chicago belle to her near- sighted affiance. Egbert went down on his knee like a true knight, but as he had loBt his eyeglasabis vision was a little uncertain. ' Is this your foot, darling r' he inquired, ' You bet,' she said. ' Aw, pardon, I— I thought it was the lounge.' Egbert is now disengaged. There is a school in Boston where ladies are taught to sneeze gracefully. Pupils say that after a few lessons its sneezy thing to sneeze without bursting a corset-lace, or cracking the plastering of the ceiling beneath your feet. Sneezing is accomplished by artificial means, and it's snuff to know that the scheme works well. The rules of the school are not rigid, the pupils being allowed to do pretty much as they eschews. English Tourist : ' 'Why is it, can you tell me, that your American innkeepers always put pink mnslin over their pictures?' American Wit : ?? Very easily explained. The productions of our chromo-manufauturers are so exceed ingly natural that we are oblige to take some means to prevent the mosquitoes from biting them.' Mbs. Smith and the Ghost.— 'Murder! murder!'' shrieked Mrs. Smith, running into the kitchen last night while her husband was rocking the cradle. ' What's the matter, now?' queried her husband. ' Mercy! sakes alive!' exclaimed the frightened woman, ' I saw a ghost !' ' Nonsense, Mariar ; there isn't any ghosts.' ' I know better. He was a great big white ghost.' ' How do you know that the ghost was a he ?' ' Because when I scolded him he jawed back.' 'Mamma.' cried little Edith, 'dive me anudder date, p'ease.' ' Well, Edith,' says mamma, ' you go and ask Bridget for one— only one, remember— and you may get two for Mamie' (an elderly sister). Presently Edith comes back. '* Mamma,' she says, ' I tink Bridget made a mistake, and gave me two dates for myself and o'ly one for Mamifl '» An Arizona editor, having got his rival in gaol for assault and battery, thus gloats over him : ' Our quondam contem porary is lying as usual — this time in gaol. We understand that the saloon-keepers are inovinp heaven and earth to get him out, as their business has fallen off since he has been cooped. When he gets out what a thirst he will have ! ' A man in eastern Arkansaw was arrested on a charge ot marrying a girl who was engaged to some one elBe. ' Your Honor,' said a lawyer, when the bridgegroom had been ar raigned, ' this man has not violated the law, and I there fore demand bis release.' ' Warn't the girl engaged to John Jackson f ' ' Yea, sir.' «? Thtn Bill Simmons must be held.' ?' Under what law, your Honor P' ' Under the law of rennvin' mortgaged pioperty. Take him to gaol Mr. Constable.' — Arkansaic Traveller. An Arab sheikh has be = n decorated with a robe of honour for supplying the British with camels and supplies. This is not the first time that the unsophisticated savage has betn cheated out of valuable commodities by a red blanket. R. A. Proctor says a hand at whist may be made up iq 635,013,559.650 different «ays. There is, therefore, one chance in 158,753,389,900 that one hand may hold all the trumps. We haven't figured it, but we fancy from our experience that there's about one chance in four that a hand may hold no trumps at alL ' What amused me most at the opera,' said an Arab chief, who had been taken to hear ' Faust,' ' was one of the musicians in tbe orchestra, seated a little higher than the rest, who performed on an invisible instrument with a stick.' ' This is a sad, sad world,' murmured Deacon Goodman, as he mechanically unlocked the door of a corner cabinet. ' Indeed it is, indeed it is,' assented Deacon Betterman sympathetically. 'No joy is unalloyed.' ' True, very true,' answered Deacon Goodman, as he put some sugar into two glasses and added some liquid from a black bottle. ' You like yours this way, I suppose, brother F ' 'Yes, yes,' was the Fad reply. ' We all have to take the bittern with the sweet.' Too Appropriate.— Miss Upperlen : ' Yes, we want a family crest. Of course wo have one laying aiounoj some where, but have not had time to look it up, ana wish you to find it.' Crest Agent: 'Certainly, certainly, Miss. That is my businefs. Let me see. Upper ten, Upperten — noble old name. Ah ! here is your crest— a wild boar transfixed by a spear. Kight in the height of style. Shows the grand old family of Uppertens comes from the glorious old North Kings of — ' ' Oh, you insolent fellow. Shut up or I'll— I'll—' ' Why, my dear Miss, I am amazed at your anger Really I — by the way, what business did your father make his money in? ' ' He was a pork butcher.' 