THE 3T0RT~TELInER THE DEVIL TO PAY. CHAPTER VII. WHAT THE CRITICS THOUGHT OF "HAMLET." " YOTJ see, sir," said Old Nick, gently scratching bis head with the tip of his tail, when Fitz Smith made his complaint about the nonsuccess of the " Pilgrim's Progress," " you wouldn't listen to reason. I thought you made a mistake when you made up your mind to be the author of ' Paradise Lost' and the last work. Those are not the things that take now-a-days, but you know my bargain is to let you have your way. If you asked my advice I'd certainly recommend you to try the drama." It was in accordance with this friendly hint that our Poet re-wrote " Hamlet.' Here, at least, he thought he was safe. A play that had been acted more frequently than any other in the language -that has a rich literature of its own-and that is as great a success in the 2loset as oil the stage, must be sure of success. Even the Old Gentleman hadn't a word to say against "Hamlet," except that it would give him sucli an amount of bother to remove all trace of it from the language. Still he assured Fitz Smith that it should be done, and that not a line of the immortal play should linger in the memory of living man.by the time it was copied out. As the lahour of re- writing the great drama was comparatively light, our Poet made two copies of it, one of which he sent to Professor Morris and the other to the well-known and talented Shakesperian student and critic, J.S. He knew what the opinion of these two gentlemen had been on " Hamlet," and he thought it would be advisable to get a favourable judgment from them before sending it to a manager. The third evening after sending his copies the Shakesperian Society met, and Fitz Smith waited anxiously at the door till he saw the'critics approaching. Whatever faults our Poet may possess, undue diffidence cannot be counted among them. He probably reasoned that these men would be ouly too glad to know him when his fame was firmly established, and there was something almost affable and condescending in his manner as, taking off his hat, he said— " Good-evening, gentlemen. My name is Fitz Smith. It was 1 sent you each my play called ' Hamlet' to read." The Professor'and J.S. nodded to each other—they had cmne to the door in different directions - and then they looked at our Poet with the expression that people assume when a book canvasser or -an advertisement agent calls. Still there was nothing absolutely criminal in this little man's haviug sent a copy of his play to them, and they saw that they would not be justified in handing him over to the police. " Yes ?" said the Professor. "Well?" said J.S. There was a tone of interrogation in both ejaculations, that made it apparent that they had nothing further of themselves to say. If Fitz Smith were to get an opinion he must boldly ask for it, and he did so. " Well, gentlemen," he said " I have taken the liberty of waiting upon you for an opinion on my work. I think of having it printed and brought out at the Royal, but before doing so I thought of asking your advice whether I should alter any of it." The delicious impudence of this request so staggered the literary gentlemen that, like the wedding guest, they could not choose but hear. In the distance they could hear the loud bassoon of Mr. David Blair's voice - the instrument perhaps very slightly damaged — as he read his celebrated paper as to "Whether Macbeth wore breeches or a kilt ?" and they anxiously desired to be present, but our Poet stood in the way, and they could not pass him without force. "You want our opinion and advice," said J.S., in a tone of bauter. "But before giving it will you tell me one thing? Did you mean your hero, Hamlet, to be mad ?" " The very idea that occurred to me,' said Professor Morris. "Well, was he mad?" Here was a puzzler for poor little Fitz. But he thought it wouldn't do to have his principal character a lunatic, so he answered: . , " Well, not exactly mad, gents, but getting on that way. I didn t mean him to be mad on the stage, leastways." "If you didn't mean him to be mad, sir," said J.S., "you shouldn't have put words into his mouth that made him appear so. There is no possible reason why your hero, if sane, should try and be thoughtmad." , " And if," continued the Professor, " he meant him to be mad it is certainly very inartistic to make him at times speak sanely. A '< Quite so,' said J. S. " Either this pnnce of yours should have straw in his hair, and be unmistakably mad, or there should be no doubt of his sanity. If this young gentleman takes the truuble-. which I can hardly recommend—of remodel nig lus play I would advise him either to leave out Hamlet, or make bun beyond all doubt either sane or insane." , , , _ . .. , , " Oh, leave him out by all means," said the Professor, and the ghost too. Ghosts are quite out of date. By-the-bye, do you mean the ghost to be audible and visible to the audience i • "Certainly," replied the author, "lies one of the dramatis P e The Professor and J.S. laughed heartily at this. \ "Butcan't you see," said the latter, " how very unnatural it would be to have a character on the stage that the audience could see, and yet that some of the performers cannot? No, my young friend, your ghost must go." - "Then," continued the Professor, " the disgusting scene m the ^"Churchyard," interrupted the baited author. " What do people out here know of churchyards? replied the Professor " I must say that the exhibition of human remains on the stage would be in violation of all dramatic decency, lhe police would put it down, even if the manager were foolish enough to carry out your idea." . _ ~ „ , , ,, " Are you aware, young man, " inquired J.S., "that there is a club in this citv called the Yorick ? If you attempted to bring them into ridicule they could apply for an injunction to stop you. Another absurdity, too, is the play within a play. Pray do you expec he management to have a second company expressly engaged for the ^ i S S S ' , the maiden effort of the young gentleman," said Professor Morris kindly, as he saw a tear standing in our Poet's eye at the criticism of J. S. ' He of course, was only jesting when he said he wished his piece to be played, lhe wording is so |ross that it would be utterly out of the question to have it produced before a mixed audience.'' 1 "As an exercise in penmanship," said J. S, "it would be creditable to a child in a low class in a State school; but if you have any means, my young friend, do not squander them m getting your production printed. It is quite unfitted for reading^a« it stands at present. You seem to fancy your work. Most young authors di. Re-write it if you like. Leave put your prmee you ghost, your grave-diggers, and your company of strolling acto Sid when you are trying again, leave out all your prose. I would , also recommend ttaat you should leave out all the indecent *onfc J and passages that now disfigure it. When you hav-lo„e as I l ( suggested^ I have to request as a personal favour that you will TO , s S the I lay to me again. You ire' probably ignorant of the fa S i have visited many of the leading unatic asy ums of h world, and have heard the bowlings of hundreds of mad men. But, I do not care to read them." . , " Ouite so " said Professor Morris, as he heard from atai the merTdin of Mr. Blair's loud bassoon, "I cordially agreemth Ts/s option Only I would recommend that, as well as = nnt the nrose Mr. Fite Smith should also leave out the poetij. ^ow, sirfwill you permit us to pass? You have already detone us for ten minutes, and I am bound to speak to-night, on the subject of Macbeth's breeches." CHAPTER VIII. CHEATING THE POOR OLD GENTLEMAN. OUR Poet tore his hair and stamped upon the ground as, thcimcs left him standing on the footpath. " Crushed again " Those blooming critics will go upstairs now, and in every line of 'Macbeth,' and yet if the D - - were to blot out i existence and I were to re-write it hey would ! ridicule. They would ask me if ' Macbeth were i^^ fcau n believed in witches, and thought he saw Banquc>s head tabJg about every now and then. HI wrote VLear'tlieywould^l^fSe' was too utterly absurd for criticism. ' The Merchant of\em would bring all the Jews down on me, aad they are g^suppo^ of the drama. Fancy the howl Zox would Shylock 3 He objects to be called a respectable ^because* imply there might be a disreputable one ! The Merchant j j regarded as a monument of religious bigotry. Wfi plot is so unnatural that I really wouldn't cue to fatbe 1 ^ know what blackfellows are in Australia, and ^gjL a nf record of times takes a fancy to a white groom there is not a C ^ ° U 001ll. I a squatter's daughter turning a blackfellow into f f^^teentb can see now that Shakespeare is a fraud. If he lived m the nuie ^ ^ century he wouldn't make a living out of play writing. *^ reputation as the large landowners at home have tiieir has descended to him. He would have as little cb;ance of natoj, name now, as the Duke of Westminster would have half a-million a year if it had not come down to him by entail. I must see the D about this. I won't stand being d d by the critics in this world, and by him in the next!' He rapidly repeated his prayers backward, and the Old Gentleman strode beside him. " Hamlet a success, I hope !" he said as he shivered—the difference in the temperature between his own home and a Melbourne Spring being trying to a being at his time of life. " Hamlet is a fraud," replied Fitz Smith, " and you're another. Up to the present I've got nothing out of you but the trouble of writing al ]those works out which were to make me rich and famous. I'm heavily out of pocket in paper, pens and ink, and I've lost my income from PUNCH. Now, you know, I'm not going to stand that sort of thing. If the three greatest classics in the English language won't take, what will ?' " That's not my business," said the Fiend. " A bargain is a bargain, and if you don't make a good selection it is your own lookout. Toil can't get out of your written agreement. Your soul, after all. is not a big prize, but, such as it is, I have fairly won it." The tone of the Old Gentleman annoyed our Poet, and he was besides vexed at the interview he had just held with the critics. " Very good," he replied. "If you hold me to my bargain I suppose it is fair. Just let me repeat the terms of our agreement. You undertook for the sake of getting my soul that you would obliterate from the memories of mankind during my lifetime any twenty books which I might desire to re-write. Is that not so " Perfectly correct," said the D , with an ugly smile. " You have already selected 'Paradise Lost,''The Pilgrim's Progress,' and ' Hamlet,' and up to the present you don't appear to be much better ofl' in pocket or reputation. What would you like next, my young friend ?" " The Bible," calmly replied Fitz Smith. ] >y the light of the lamp under which they stood, our Poet could see the colour fade away from the swarthy cheek of his companion. "The Bible?" he faltered, with a ghastly attempt at a smile. " You are surely jesting ? Nobody ever reads that in these days except in church, and it would be simply time thrown away to write it out. No, no ! Try ' Don Juan,' or Burton's ' Anatomy of Melancholy,' or Paley's 'Evidences,'or Blackstone's 'Commentaries.' There's pots of money to be made out of these, to say nothing of Gibbon's ' Decline and Fall,' Darwin's ' Origin of Species,' or 'Gulliver's Travels.' Take a friend's advice, and leave the Bible alone." But Fitz-Smith saw his advantage, and was resolved to stick to it. " Will you," he said, " keep your promise, and abolish the Bible?" " Anything else you like," replied the Evil One, " any work written by man ; but I am unable to gratify you in this. The fact is, the Bible is beyond my reach." " Then," said Mr. Fitz-Smith taking off his hat, and bowing with much politeness to the D—, " I have the pleasure of wishing you a very good evening. When you return home remember me kindly to your wife and all your family. I fear I shall never have the pleasure of seeing tbem personally." In the next morning's Argun the following paragraph appeared :— " A slight shock of an earthquake was experienced in the city yesterday evening, about 8.30 p.m. The tremor was principally perceptible in tlie neighbourhood of Collins- street east, and it was noticed by the residents in that locality that it was accompanied by a strong smell of sulphur. It was so violent in the neighbourhood of the Town Hall that a gentleman who was passing Mr. Fitz Smith was actually thrown to the ground." The earthquake was the stamp on the ground of the D—, as he turned away, baffled and disappointed, to seek his own home. THE END. 