The Caulfield Meeting. ' By Neho. To-day will witness the inauguration of the Vic- j torian campaign, 'when the prologue of the great j Spring drama will be played oat at Caulfield. Mr. Bond, the mo3t energetic of secretaries, has effected a great many improvements since the last reunion, and j frothing has been left undone to make the gathering a jfcaxked success in every respect. Proceedings will begin with the Maiden Plate ; and as most of the can didates are unknown to fame, it wears a very open appearance, but Sydney, HippogrifE, Sedition, ymd Buttress may hare the winner amongst them, ^t the tima of writing 17 remain in for the First Race. The well-performed Duration and Btudent are likely to be the top weights when the flag is faced ; but both have their full share of weight, and Student should have more to say than -fhe black horse. Gasalier is too unlucky to be justed, but Master Pinetop has plenty of good recent fnnw to recommend him, and should be the hardest to beat of the heavy division. Mistake is a novice at {he jumping business ; but if Chiffney can get Chatsworth bad: to bis best form, he should be in it a long way with such a Comfortable impost as 9st, 91b. Leander should also run forward ; but on paper the most likely to occupy the places teem to be Master Pinetop, Stu dent, and Chatsworth, unless Mr. Martin Loughlin fyas effected enough improvement in our old friend ^lamborough to enable him to split them. With Stearly a score left in the Great Foal Stakes, a great race is sure to be witnessed, and amongst so ipany well-bred ones it is difficult to tell from whence the winner may crop up. Public form leads towards the filly Maddelina, by Neckersgat from Meg Merriliet, who in her native colony won the Sapling Stakes, furlongs, with 76t. 51b., in 43J seconds, and the Fulham Park Plate, J-mile, with 8st. 81b., in 51 J seconds Last year, when the Fulham Park Plate was 3fc furlongs, Newstead won in 45 seconds ; and later on at the South Australian Jockey dub Spring Mooting he came home in front for the Morphettville Plate, 4 furlongs, with 8st. 10lb up, in £8 seconds, so that as far as the time test goes y^apHna must be quite as fast as last year's Mari byraong Plate winner. As a rule the South Aus tralian youngsters are more forwaid than those of 'Victoria or New South Wales, and as this young lady has arrived at the seat of war in tiptop condition it ?will need a flyer to lower Mr. Watson's colours. Edith, by Glorious from Mangana, beat Uranus at Geelong, but in turn, was defeated by Louise Berta in the Sapling Stakes at the V» A* T. C. Meet ing, so that she cannot be regarded as jgiuch above the general run of two-year-olds ; and if and Acme start, both should get home feefore her. Anita, by Neckersgat from La Naine, did veil at Elfiternwick Park by carrying 8st. and run ning a dead heat with Lord Chancellor for the Sapling Stakes, when the three furlongs -were run in the lightning-like time of 39£ seconds ; and if Sir W. J. Clarke's other representative, Washington, be better than the My, the baronet will have the pleasure of seeing his colours very near the front. Mia Mia can not have much chance while Acme remains in, for {he daughter of Chester and Princess Maud fairly jromped home with 8st. in the Richmond Stakes, when the half-mile was rattled over in 50 seconds. The Nun, Essie, and Repose are each and all beautifully bred, but up to date only their most intimate friends have any real knowledge of their merits ; and as public form is always the safest line to follow, those that have performed well are entitled to the most confi dence. It is impossible to read stable intentions, and therefore one cannot be certain of even picking a starter, but all at the post I doubt not that the following will not be far astray when the wires flash the result : — MADDELINA ? 1 Acmb .. ? 2 Edith or Ahxta. ? ..3 A dozen or more will be likely to go to the post for the Caulfield Guineas. Ringmaster has given evidence «f being in form by carrying 7st. 71b. to the front for the Flat Race, one mile, at the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting on Saturday last, 'when he beat Chuckster and the Bohemian, each with 7st. 71b., who ran a dead heat for second place, and a more than useful field, in 1.45£ ; but on the running last season he can hardly hope to cope successfully with Monte Chris to, who beat him easily for the V. It. C. Sires' Produce Stakes in a true run race. Monte Chris to has a nice record, for he ran second to Newstead for the Maribyxnong Plate ; won the Juvenile Stakes, 5 furlongs, at the Y.A.T.C. Summer Meeting, beating Dunlop, Lady Claudia, end others in 1.45& ; tvon the Normanby Stakes, 5 furlongs, from Lady Claudia, Dunlop, and Melodious easily, in 1.3$ ; got second to Uralla for the Ascot Vale Stakes, ?gun beating Dunlop ; and won the Sires* Produoe Stakes, f mile, at the Y.R.C. Autumn Meetings in 1.19. Of late, his feet -'would appear to have been troubling him, and we do not hear of his doing any thing wonderful in his work, while, on the other hand, Dunlop is said to hare vastly improved. On all public running, the latter should finish behind the Hon. James White's colt; but the changeof form which, seems to have taken place, tends to the belief that Dunlop will now reverse the previous decisions, and &e; he is a certain starter I shall look to him to win. Out of lour visits to the post Sunny Days has one good record by winning the V. B. C. Nursery Handicap, 5 fur longs, with 8sL 4lb., in 1 minute 6J seconds, beating Aimer, 7st. 61b., Juanna, 8»t. 121b., Remus, 7st-, and a numerous field. Parwan ran second to Achmet at HstemwickPadc, but there was not much merit in ' -r^Vr .. ? the performance. A great race may be expected, and it may be that the following prediction will not be far astray at the end of a fast-run race.: — DUNLOP ? 1 Monte Cbkisto ? .. *« 2 Ringmaster or Somrr Days . . « . 3 | and Eagle Grange should be the most dangerous of the outsiders. The Australian Hunters' Cup, which has taken the place of the Findon Harriers' Vase, is very open, but at the weights Kulkyne, Tanglefoot, and Clansman promise to give good accounts of themselves. The pen has been busy with those engaged in the Toorak Handicap. The Andes, The Ghost, and Evie appear to be the most likely to occupy prominent places at the finish. On the second day, Mistake and Hannibal may have the most to say in the Selling Race ; and in the absence of weights the Second Hurdle Race, the Nursery Handicap, and the Windsor Handicap must be left in peace. Denmark has declined for the Steeplechase, for which Bob Cooper, Colebrook, and Sailor will be pretty well sure to finish in the first flight, and great danger may also come from Morven. It is somewhat early in the day to offer a decided opinion upon the great event of the meeting, the Caulfield Cup, for which now that Commotion ba« been scratched, Welcome Jack and Sardius hold the responsible positions of top weights. The former will be certain to run well, despite his weight, that is if he be the choice of the stable ; but Sardius has been somewhat retarded in his work, in consequence of an accident, so that he may be an absentee. Tom Brown, with M'Grade in the saddle, has a very brilliant prospect, and appears to be the best of all that have 8st. and over. If in his best dress Warwick may run forward, but it may be that he will not face a flag until called upon to do so for the Melbourne Cup, and the same may be said of Sheet Anchor. Anchorite is hardly sufficiently forward in point of condition. The length of the trip may affect Archie, but St. Lawrence, St. John, Hurricane, Despot, and The Andes must all be regarded as in it up to the bridles. On the strength of a great gallop, performed on Tueday, Velocipede has been elected first favourite in Victoria, but even with the aston ishing deed thrown in I must prefer my old friend Lord Exeter, and look to him to get home before Prince Imperial and everything that we send from this side. A great number are sure to leave the list on Tuesday next, and until then I shall be content to select the following four against the field : — St. John, Lord Exeter, Despot, and Tom. Brown. 