' M8€EU,ASE0ijS, A French Novel in a Nutshell. 'Mahie, my cherished I' 'Yes, dear Alphonao, what is it ?' The radiant glory of a summer moon shpne down upon the earth this Juno night, bathing in all its mellow splendour tho leafy branches of the sturdy old oaks that had for centuries ??'i^ncitu 111c ciivmutu h\i lilt; VrfilallU Mohtniorenci and laughed defiance to the gales that every winter came howling down in all their cruel force and fury from the moorlands lying westward of the 'ch&teau.; Oh the. edge of the broad demesne that stretchod away to the south stood a large brindle cow ;,and as the moon light flooded with silvery lustre her starboard ribs, she seemed to Marie a perfoet picture of swee*; content and almost holy calm. ' Is it not a beautiful night, my dear?' murmured the girl. 'See how the moonbeams flutter down through the trees, making strange lights and shadows, that flit among the shrubs and flowers in such a weird, ghost-like fashion. The dell is indeed covered with loveliness to-night.' 'So,' said Alphonse d'Hautenbas, 'it is the boss.' And then, looking down upon the pure, innocent face that was lifted to his, he took in his own broad long-stop palm tho little hand that erstwhile held up Marie's polonaise. And as they stood there all simple in the bosky glade, he passed his arm silently, but firmly, round her waist. The noble girl didn't «hy. ' Do you love me, sweetheart?' he asked in tones tromulouBJwith a beauti ful trenmlousness. Marie's head was drooping now, and the blushes of St Malo convont school innocence wore charing each other across her peachy checks. Alphonse drew her more closely to him. If a mosquito had tried to pass between them it would have been bad — for the mofquito. ' Can you doubt me, darling ?'? he whispered. ' Tou must know I love you with a wild, passionate, whoa Emina love that can never die. ., Do you love me just a little bit in return ?' For an instant the girl did not speak. Alphonse heard the whisking of the brindlo cow's tail break in rude ly upon tho solemn stillness of the night, and ever and anon came the dull thud of the water-rat as he ?jumped into a neighboring pond. Presently Mario put her arms round his neck, and a wistful baby'sgotthe crarnp look came into her sweet face as she said : — ? 'I love you, Alghonae, with a deathloas devotion that will eventually keep you broke.' And with these fateful words she adjusted her rumpled fringe and fearlessly led the way to a shop where they sold engage ment rings. 