Orchids at the Agricultural Show. J The most interesting horticultural exhibits were the orohids from Captain Bloomfield, This peouliar though interesting section of the vegetable kingdom has found a few admirers and cultivators amongst us, and when the knowledge of their cultivation is more generally known, there is no reason why every amateur who has a glass-house should not cultivate a few. Like most epiphytes they are uninteresting when not in flower, the foliage receiving but Bcant attention from their roots; their whole energies being put forth for the development of their quaint though gorgeous flowers, and it is on this account they aro so universally admired. Their flowers often take the forms of birds, insects, and even slippers. Peristeria olata is known in Panama as El Spirito Santo, the Holy Ghost or dovo orohid, on account of the column of the flower resembling a dove with expanded wings. Oncidium papilio is a native of Trinidad, and is called the butterfly orohid, incon- sequence of the resemblance of its flowers to a huge butterfly; its flowers expand singly on a long slender stalk, which, on the slightest breath of wind, osoil lates for several minutes, and is a very interesting object ; and the varieties of the genus cyprepedium have flowers known by the name of lady's slippers. The following varieties were represented : 0. hir sutissimum, withpale green foliage, and flowers of a purple, light green, and brown color. Dendrobium nobile is one of the oldest and freest of flowerers, having fully ninety expanded flowers of pink and white, with a spot of crimson in the centre of the lip. D. Griffithianum : this variety is certainly one of the best of the yellow flowering dendrobes. D. pierardii : its beautiful flowers are white, slightly tinged with Îink. D.formosum, a really handsome dwarf growing ind, the flowerB white, with a bright yellow centre. D. biiibbum, var. superbiens, is the handsomest of North Australian orchids, producing flowers of a rich rosy purple color. D. undulatumis interesting on aooount of the wavy curled Eegments of the flowers, which are of a bronze oolor. Pbalasnopsia grandi- flora : the sepals and petals are pure white, nnd the lip is marked with deep orange, vanaa tricolor, a beautiful flower ; the sepals are pale yellow spotted with crimson, purple lip, striped with white. _ Cattloya trianaa, with sepals and petals white, and lip a rich rosy purple. Angrreoum seBqui pedale flowera beautiful ivory white and largo, with a taiii0r Bpur hanPT& from the bottom of the flower ; and. the exquisitely scented ondonto glossum rozelii completes this interesting collection whioh have been admired by thousands of peoplo, thanks to Captain bloomfield, for it ia not many gentlemen who would care to riak suok a valuable collection out of their glass-houses at this season of the year. Wo propose to give an artiole ou tho cultivation of orchids at some future time. 