IftoveUet DAN LYONS 7 DOOM. CHAPTEE III.—(CONTINUED.) By WAIF WANDER. But there was that in the woman's face, and especially in her dark, deep set eyes, that was a warning to a closer observer. It was a hard face, a cruel face, an obstinate face, an utterly untrustworthy face. If ever ignorance and prejudice, and a total trant of moral consciousness .were stamped upon features they were stamped in the countenance of Mrs. Brady. Each of the three children that seated themselves at the table round her on the occasion of which I write had some resemblance to the mother; but the unscrupulous cunning of Cornelius, the animal vanity of Nora, and the ungovernable passionB that gleamed in the eyes of Father James were all doubled and intensified in the old woman's face. As the man we call Father , James seated himself opposite to where she •stood she leaned on both hands as she rested them on the table and bent over it toward his bowed face, as she muttered-angrily between her set teeth: " So ifs on you again ? Oh, blood of the clever Bradys, of Clogher, turned to water, the night is comin' on an' it's freezin' ye axe 1" „ The bitter scorn of the tones was felt keenly by the man to whom they were addressed, and a glance was flashed from his awful eyes into the woman's that was terrible to meet. "By "he cried,if you weren't my mother you would haunt me too, for I'd kill you 1 And as it is you'd better be warned, for you may go too far some day, and my life is of little worth. She started back as his clenched fist was struck so violently on the table that the dishes a were disturbed, but at a warning movement from Cornelius her mood seemed to instantly change, and she laughed'harshly. t One can't say a word to you at all, James, these times,"-she said; can't you take a joke from your mother ? " "Joke I "he repeated, as he stood up and dashed his chair back from the table. " Am I a child again that you think to twist me round your finger 1 Joke! who in their senses would joke with blood on their hands and the hangman's 'rope round their necks ? " and he slammed the door of an adjoining room behind him, leaving his Bupper untouched on the table. . Mrs. Brady's face grew white as chalk, and she fell into a chair, staring at Cornelius with her terrified dark eyes. " What, has come over him at all, Conn," she cried; " he's not - the same man sinoe we come here. Oh.my God, do you think he'll •go back on as after all?" and she rocked herself to sod fro despairingly. " To tell you thetrath, mother, I'm getting ' afraid," replied Cornelius, as he attacked his food with an appetite. "I hope that the black coat isn't putting Ideas of religion and repentance in his head." "If I thought so I'd tear it off his back 1 A son qfminetum white livered ? A man . withmyWood'-inhim^urn back from "the revengelsfcerehimto on the cross? If I thoughts^ I'm his mother, and I'd tmifa'Kim witli my own hands." / \- She looked as if Bhe would. She seemed quite capable of any deed as she roseahd shook /her- adght hand out clenched against ibe -air < around her. , As her long fingers grippedeaoh other,then eo they would doubt- . 4es8 have gripj>ed an enemy's throat had it ^fceen within reach when the hot blood was boiling in her veins—the same blood^as Bhe . had truly said, that had made Father James ahauntedman. - And Nora ate her food hastily, and scarcely hearing a. word that was passing round her; forshe was used to her ,mother's temper. • thoughBhewas not in her secrets, and never jtronbledher headasto what aroused it. At -the present she was too much' occupied about the -admirer her brother had given her in his idle chaft, and calculating the effect of a dress ehe intended to don on themorrow withthe sole hopeof exhibiting hersdfin'ittothennoonsoious Irishman. AB for Mrs. Br^dy, she had forgotten the . presenoe of bar youngest until it was recalled .toherbya motion of Comeliusas he spoke In slow voice., "You forget, mother, that'somebody is here." - v ' . "Oh Nora? iShe never hears anything that doee'nt <^pnoerh her ownsdf, or sees anything, Godhup her, bat her ownhandsome face nrfh? glass', Slora 1 Nora, I say 1" < " What ? "returned Ndlra, with a start on . her retarnfromtbe realmsof fancy. " What.woryon fliinking of ? " ' Tady CoimoVpromptly replied the girl. .•: and Corndius rose from the |able with a load laugh $hat made the angry blood cash into his aster's iaoe. CHAPTEE IV. \- SHE FOBTTTHB-IBHIBB OF MOUNT JB0BAN. hutiahigh up on a spur of Great MoOnt Boban in a Bhdteredspot nearly hidden by tees and big brown rooks, half covered with \green mc^andgrey lichen;itwaslniili of heavy timber slabs, :and covered by sheets of \- box bark, both of which showed the weatherwornhue of manyyears. ' ^®roni Bi(S ^ront ol this hut en tie side of the mountoue of the grandest views around Marranga was discemable, and if it had been ^railt for thfi irarposfi'of eejHonage, no situ" ation could havebeen better chosen. The township lay under the eye like a green map, I dotted with little white cubes thati represented { dwellings, and right across the long line of the gleaming creek, past St. Herricks, and up the slope where the lone cemetery lay, not a human being could move without being traced from Nan Griffith's hut. The very gully where lay the long-deserted claims was open to the view from that hill home; and as far as the eye could reach— far across the plains bounded by the low, purple-blue hills, one could follow the track along which the coach passed once a day; in short, the eyrie of an eagle was never built in a more commanding and yet retired spot. Two or three days after that on which my story. opens, Nan Griffiths was sitting on a block of wood outside the door of the hut, and under the heavy shadow of a spreading tree that bent its crooked branches over her uncanny-looking figure. She was a very old woman, with white hair hanginjg loosely over her shoulders, and a long cloak that covered her even down to her feet; to this cloak there was a hood that could be drawn at will over her head, and holes, through one of which a skinny hand was passed to grasp a crutchea stick. The old Creature was toothless, aid her skin was shrivelled up on her face like sun-tanned leather; but the keen dark eyes that sparkled under the long white hairs of her eyebrows were apparently as serviceable as when she was 20 years younger. She was muttering and mumbling to hergelf in a dissatisfied way. that made her sharp nosq, and chin meet in a manner that gave her some resemblance to a bird of prey, when she saw a' woman climbing np the track among the trees leading toward the hut. It was a tall, pale-faced woman of about thirtyfive, with dark hair and eyes, and a weary, helpless look in her face that would have won the sympathy of a stranger, but did notfleem to be noticed by Nan, who was her mother. " What a tune you've been 1 Faugh, the women there is in these days 1" " I was as quick as I could be," Ellen Griffiths returned, as she seated herself wearily near the bag, " and I'm as tired as death." Death is never tired, you fool, and you alwayBare," Nan growled; "and now you Bit there staring before you without telling me a word ; did you see the child." " Yes, but I had a rare hunt for him," " Whete was he ?" "Up in the cemetery at the Colonel's grave." "By himself?" " No, he was with Besignation St.Herrick." The reply seemed to stun the old hag with Surprise. With Besignation St. Herrick! With her of all the children in the world 1" and then a harsh, cackling laugh burst from Nan's lips, as she clapped her hands joyfully.- " It would be grand," she screeched; " I wish I'd thought of it afore; but there's time enough. I'll make a policeman—a trap of him.' "A policeman 1 of who?" " Of Dan! would it not be grand if he were to trap Colonel St. Herrick's murderer I" Ellen looked at her mother with a stony horror, but she said nothing, though the hag went on as though she had. " Oh it's awful isn't it! your mother is a hard-hearted, cruel old woman, that would hunt to death the man you loved. Faugh 1 you white- livfted worm, that would turn and lick the hand that struck you; are you a child of mine at all ? " Ellen was used to such talk, and she said nothing save what was expressed in the worn to death, weary look in her poor white face. Tell me what you heard, curse yotf, and don't sit there like a senseless image driving me mad," shouted Nan, as she seized her daughter's arm and shook her violently; "open your mouth and Bpeak, fool that you "What am I to" tell about first ? " " The new people at St, Herricks, who are - Their name js Brady, an old mother, two sons, and a daughter. They've taken St. Herricks—rented it of Mr. Pollard." " And is it true that they're going into the old ground again? " "Yes." The hag gave her daughter another vicious shake, and her shaip, prominent chin worked like the half of a pair of nut- crackers as she shrieked— " I'll throttle yoa if yoa don't speak out! what has come over you at all fool ? Have you seen a ghost—the ghost of Colonel derrick,eh?" " No, but I have seen a face like Dan Lyons." At the reply the old woman's hand fell from her daughter's arm as she questioned anxiously. " You don't mean that he has come back Ellen?" "No, it was in a woman's face I saw the likeness, and then it was in the eyes only. When I was looking for little Dan I went round by the fence at St. Harrick's, and found a young girl- looking over it as if watching for some one; it was the daughter of the Brady's that have taken the place." " Well! you spoke to her of course ? " " Yes, and got a good deal of news out of her, but before Heft her mother came out and milled her aAgrily away. It was in Mrs. Brady's eyes I saw Dan Lyons."" It was in your own eyes you saw a fool," said ..the hag scornfully. " You think of nothing morning, noon, and night, but that doable dyed murderer that left a curse on you and yours. Go on with what you were saying." v She's a young girl, and a silly one, the Brady girl; but you'll soon see her for yourself, for I told her about you, and she's sure to pay you a vigit. She thinks of nothing bat sweethearts, and her brother has told her that a man is in love with her." "Whatman?" " Do you remember Tady Connor, mother?" ' "That Connor that.worked in the Gully •when the Colonel was killed ?" "The same." " Something is going to happen!" exclaimed Nan, wildly. " No wonder «I dreamed of strange things and saw strange signs 1 Go on4" « When Mrs. Brady csJled the girl inside I went on toward the cemetery, and I met Connor himself on his way from the Gtdly." " Did he know you, Ellen ?" , " Yes, at once, and asked me if you were alive yet. He is coming to see you about some dream." « Ave? -he was always a soft fool, but an open-handed one, too, so he's welcome." "If I don't mistake, that's he coming up the hill now, mother," said the woman, as she pointed down toward a man who was steadily climbing np the steep path. Yes, it was Tady, in truth, going, after many - misgivings, to see onoe again the fortune-teller of Mount Boban, whom he had more than once consulted in the years gone by; for Tady was one of those_ not unusual characters in whom are combined deep religious convictions and an ignorant belief in Bupematural powers and beings, and his ignorant mind was sorely exercised on account of a strange dream he had had a few nights previous. "How Mr. Leonard wouldtlaugh at me," he was mattering to himself in gasps, as the fiteepness of the hill tried his longs-severely: •'he don't believe in fortune-tellera or witches, or anything, but seein's believin', an* well! know Nan is a witoh if there waB ever one in this world." When he reached the hnt there was no one in 3 r *—* front of it, and the door was shut. He r " kpocked a low, respectful knock, and nearly jumped out of his skin as he was bidden by name to enter. "Come in, Tady Connor." "What am I frightened of?" he reasoned with himself as he lifted the latch and pushed open the door. " Of course Ellen Jias come back and tould her she seen me." When he entered the low, dim room, with the clay fioorand thesmoke-blackened rafters, he saw that there was a small fire on the hearth, but no one beside it, and then he turned at a sound that made him shiver to see Nan Griffiths standing on the threshold of an inner door with a huge black cat at her feet. It was the cat's unearthly " me-a-w I" that had made Tady shudder from head to foot. " Welcome, Tady Connor," said the hag, as she advanced and stood, before him, her skinny hand grasping the stick, her low bent form still covered with the long cloak. " The seas have rolled between us for long years, and naw they have brought you back again." " They have, ma'am," said Tady, as he made a respectful scrape with his right foot; and I'm glad to see they havie left you looking so hearty." Time makes no odds tome,' she said, as she drew a seat to the table and sat down, while she pointed to another for her visitor. I'll live until a man dies,and then my work is done. .Sit down." Tady would have liked to ask her whose death was to precede her own, but he dare'nt, and waited humbly for the hag to speak again. _ "You want to consult me?" she asked, as she put her shrivelled faoe so near to him that the fiery little eyes so far back in her head seemed to burn . him. " Speak out what it is while the humor's on me." It's a drame I had, Mrs. Griffiths—a drame that's troublin' me intirely; an' knowin' well how knowledgeable you always wor, ~ kem to ax you about it. 1 ' " AU right," she replied, as she drew toward her with a skinny paw the coin Tady had laid near her on the table. " Skull, fetch the master's books." " The latter command was addressed to the black cat, who instantly entered the inside chamber and almost instantly returned with a little bag in his mouth, which he deposited on his mistress's lap, taking the opportunity of his vicinity to the terrified Irishman to spit and " wa-ow " viciously in his face. " Down, Skull," cried Nan to the cat as she opened the bag and drew a pack of'dirty cards from it. " Now, Connor, tell me your dream." " It's twice now I've dramed it," he said, turning his face away from the cat, "whp still glared at him. " I thought, do you see, that I was down in the old shaft at work, and that with every spade I dug I turned up the head of a man. I thought that I always expected a lump of gold, and saw it shinin' as I turned the shovel, but whin it come up it was always the same man's face wid blood on it." Did you know the face ? " asked the hag solemnly^ "Yes,I did." " Whose was it ? " " It was Dan Lyon, the murderer's, face." *" Something is going to happen Tady Connor 1" she stud, almost repeating the words she had used to her daughter. The dream wag always the same ? " "Always, ma'am." With her jaws munching and mumbling horribly the fortune-teller spread the -cards before her, and with such a keen anxiety in her own repellant and withered face, that it was evident she possessed some belief in the art she practised. Unconsciously to himself, the little Irishman had uttered the one name in the whole world that had power to excite her worst passions, for there are far worse passions than the reigning one of Nan Griffith's, which was cupidity. "What man is plotting against you?" she asked him suddenly, as he anxiously watched her face while she scanned the-cards. "You haye been speaking to him lately, though you have not touched his hand—who is it ? " and she turned her eyes keenly upon Tady's face. I don't know, Mrs. Griffiths. I haven't spoke to a soul to-day but my young master, Mr. Leonard Frosser, and I'm sure he'd plot nothing.agin his fosterer." "You spoke to>no one else?—mind what you say, Tady Connor." " Be this an' be that 1" asseverated Tady, and then he all at once stopped, and with a gasp ejaoulated almost in a whisper," Sure it wouldn't be Father James 1" "Who is Father James? "Nan asked suspiciously, " and what right have you to be talking of clergymen here ? Why, the very cat knows you have named one—look at himl" In fact the black cat had turned toward the terrified Tady, and with every hair on end was me-a-wing and spitting at him. - " Spake to him 1 quiten him for my sake, Mrs. Griffith's 1 sure I meant no harm, and at any rate Father James isn't a priest at all sein' he isn't in orthers now; he's the gentleman that has rented St. Herrick's an' is livin' there wid his family." A sadden remembrance of what her daughter had said about Nora Brady made the old hag grin to herself as she ordered her familiar to.retiite, and she resumed the reading of the cardB die had laid down. " I can tell you nothing about your dream until you dream it once more," she Baid," but beware of a dark man that is plotting against your very life." How wOlI find out who he is?" asked Tady, anxiously. " Through a girl," replied Nan; " a young 011*1 XirtfVl ^Bflr lioia* llln+'n wnn " ~ joke?" was the angry retort. "There's a girl in love with you, and you'll see her this very day, for Bhe's waiting and watching for you at this moment; and now go, for I can tell you no more at present. When you dream the third time come to me again." Tady gotnp, and having uttered Ms thanks, gladly hastened out of the hut. - His superstitious terrors of old Nan and her cat, although partly overcome by the wonderfully good news she had told him, were yet quite sufficient to render his escape into the pure air of the mountain a pleasant one, and he hastened down its side to be at leisure to think over hjs unexpected good fortune. Good fortune, indeed, and at last 1 I think I have told you that Tady Connor had numbered some thirty-five years, and during many InBtres of those years it had been his hard fate to have been hopelessly over head and ears in love very many times. Tady's heart was soft, but-those of the maidens who Bcorned his turned-up nose, his crooked fin gers, and his red hair, were as hard as the nether millstone. In. vain had he year after year pictured to himself someiovely inamorato transformed into a loving wife, and called Mrs. Connor. One by onehis hopes had been blighted, and his person mocked or laughed at, yet here was a young girl with dark hair in love with him—actually in love with his very self, without being aBked or even known at all! Delightful thought! but there waB one ^drawback—=he had a rival, for that was the decision Tady came to regarding the dark man old Nan had declared to be plotting against him,' and warned him against. : "Ofcoorse it's some chap that she won't look at on account of her love for me, the darlin' I" he soliloquised. "I wonther who die is at all, at all? but, sure, 111 know soon, for l'm to see her this very- day," and poor riftrmii /"T—ir—T ^^ffiniffi^asMMB Tady, believing in Nan Griffiths with all his little heart, went down the hill rejoicing and looking all aronnd him for a sight of the girl who at last had been the one to appreciate the hitherto despised little man. " Maybe she's behind some of the bushes or rocks w&tchin;' me the crathur," he murmured With a fond smile, as he took off his hat and arranged his red, stiff locks. " It's well I put on me new coat, though 'twas for old Nan I did it. She was ever an always very particular," and he squared round his funny little .person to look at his heels, as he gave the admired blue -coat with the brass buttons a vigorous tug behind to make -it hang more gracefully. He had to pass St. Herrick's on his way to the township—doubtless the cunning hag he had just left had calculated on that fact, and also another fact, the latter being that Nora Brady was again standing at the fence under the trees, watching and waiting for the sweetheart her brother had promised her, little thinking what events would follow from the effects of his silly fun at the expense of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness for the opposite sex. She had seen Tady climbing up the hill path, and now watched his return with a beating heart and a conscious smile on her coarse, rosy face. St. Herrick's had, as we know, an interest for Connor that Nora did not guess at, and for a moment, as he passed it, he forgot the fortune teller's prediction and thought of the murdered man whom everyone had loved. In the very middle of these sad thoughts, however, he heard a slight cough, and with a sudden return of his warm admiration of his unknown inamorato's taste, he stopped and turned in the direction of the " ahem." Had there been an observer of the meeting between Nora .and Tady he must certainly have been an amused one. The girl was craning her neck over the fence in trying to follow with her eyes Tady's passing form, when at her cough he turned suddenly and stopped, then she drew her big head back and giggled. Tady struck an attitude, an attitude so ludicrous and comical that nothing but the girl's exaggerated self-conceit prevented her from observing its true nature, but as it was she saw nothing save unbounded admiration of her over decorated self, and was immensely. ; delighted, so with the envious fenCe only between them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly upon his knees on the damp grass, under the thick trees that protruded their great branches over the dilapidated fence. Are you Tady Connor ? " simpered silly Nora, as she scanned her lover's rather singular proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon the grass. " I am, mavourneen, I am that happy man," cried Tady. " What makes you so happy ?" " Because at last I see the beauty an' the darlin' of the wide world here forenint me this blessed day." "He-he-he I" He-he-he wasn't much, but, with the accompanying leer from Nora's small," heavy eyes, it expressed great encouragement to poor Tady. " Arrah, don't be laughin' at me asthore; sure, you'll brak my heart if you do 1" And with a good deal of grunting, Tady struggled to his knees, and ventured nearer to the fence. " I'm. not laughing at you. How did you know I was here?" Nora asked, as she arranged her ribbons and cheap ornaments pretty much as Tady had arranged the tail of his coat a little previously. ."Nan tould me agra, an' sure it was meself that a'most flew down the hill to come to ye," repligd Tady, but he was wondering all the time who told the girl his name, and then deciding it was that dangerous dark man who was plptting against him, he determined to ask her at once. " I say, agra, who was it tould yoa • me name ?" " Conn did," and as Nora went on, he was muttering, almost audibly, " D Conn, who ever he is." " But who is this Nan you are talking about ? Is she you're sister ?" "God forbid 1". and Tady crossed himself devoutly, "arrah no, asthore, she's an ould woman that has lived up on Mount Eoban these twenty years, an' she's a fortune teller" The latter words were uttered in a Whisper, that necessitated Tady's monkey-like face being protruded over the fence in dangerous proximity to that of the delighted Nora, who was, however, woman enough to affect a prudery she was far from experiencing. " Go away with you—it's a shame for you, and if mother or Conn was to see you, both of as would be killed." " Divil a care I care I Who's Conn ?" asked Connor, with a scornful twist of his ugly nose at the mention of a name he had identified as a fancied rival. " I'd be sorry to vex the mother ov me darlin' girl, but as for Conn—to the divil wid him, I say 1 Who is he, at all, at all?" Connismy brother, didn't youknowthat? I've two brothers, you know, Conn and James, Father James, they call him now." " Oh, Lord 1 is Father James a brother ef yours? But afther all, why should we be afraid of him or any one ? I'll keep company wid no dacent girl except for dacency, and sure he could marry as if he waB agreeable." " Marry us," repeated Nora, with a giggle again,' at the idea of this ardent wooing. " 'Tis early in the day to be talking of marrying when I've only seen you a minute or two ago; and besides, James couldn't marry us, for he's not in orders." "Oh, I forgot, he tould me so himself agra; but never mind, when we makes up our minds we can aisy find a priest to tie us together for a happy life. Who's that' " That was someone touting shrilly " Nora 1 Nor$ 1" in the direction of the house. " 'Tis me mother! I must go or she'll kill me." " Stop one minnit ashtore. Whin'll I see you agin? Tell me quick now before you go. Sure Fll be thinkin' it months till I see your beweheful eyes an' your darlin' face again." " I don't know, I'm often'here at the fence, and if you'll whittle I can come mostly any time in the evenin'." " Oh, the lovely crathur I" murmured Tady, as he gripped the top rail of the fence and Btared after the quickly retreating figure of his fat inamorata. " Isn't she the darlin' of the world to take a fancy to me in this way, an' not a sowl to care for me in this wide world but Mr. Leonard?" and the .name reminded him that he had better not keep his young master ignorant of his whereabouts much longer, so he tore himself away and made for the township. CHAPTEE V. THE DEID M&N;'S CUBES. Lone cemetery of Marranga, where the few dead sleep far from the world they may know no more, and where the rastle of the long grass over their neglected graves is rarely caused by a human footstep. There in the quiet nook on the hill-side may the bird rear her young in peace among the spreading trees of the old Bash Land, and the breeze whisper to dead ears unheard save, by the young of the wallaby that sometimes venture to peep from among the rocks that,bound its fence. To a stranger no desolation could seem greater than that of Marranga graveyard, where a dozen graves had sunk among the grass to sad neglect, and over only one had a name or a date been inscribed. And that one, on a head-stone of white marble, stood out from -its surrounding of flowering plants, like a sentinel who never sleeps,-to gnard the last resting-place of a St. Herrick. That spot alone in the grass tangled enclosure was carefully tended, and lay an oasis of blossom in a desert of desolation. The black letters on the pure surface of the head-stone had in some measure faded, but the inscription was yet plain enough to the eye had there been one in the vicinity to read it. But it was yet early in the morning, and the man who was slowly approaching it had not as yet reached the graveyard. Indeed he seemed in no haste, for he toiled up the slope as one afflicted with weakness, and when he had reached the gate, rested long on it, gazing toward the white sentinel tomb, He was a tall man with a white haggard fkee under a slouched hat, and he wore a long, black semiclerical coat. It was the new tenant of St. Herricks, the man known as Father James. Perhaps he did not mean to enter at all. He stood there EO long, and so. motionless that he might have been as dead as that man over whom the white stone .stood, for "all appearance of life that he exhibited. Magpies were stalking proudly in the grass, and greeting the early sun with their sweet gurgling notes. The laughing jackass, perched upon the limb of a leafless gum tree, shrieked out a wild chorus to some distant mate. The green paroquet fluttered and chattered among the branches, but that statue-like man did not seem to see them or hear -anything until there was the sounds of voices behind him, and then he turned his head just a little way to see who were' the unwelcome visitants to a spot he had jbelieved too lone to bring a single human being te gaze upon his face. It was fair Resignation St. Herrick who came toward him, though he did not know it then, and beside her walked a boy of about her own age, a boy with a bold, intelligent eye, and a fearless mien. Glose beside Besignation walked Guardian, her great dog, with his eyes closely and suspiciously scanning the B&anger; as the trio neared him. Resignation was attired as she had been 1 when I first named her, A pale blue fleecy dress enveloped her slight figure, and from under her brokd drooping hat her flossy fair hair fell in a cloud over her shoulders. In one hand she carried a little basket, the other was laid on the dog's great head, as the child noticed his uneasy movements. The boy's stout, healthy figurewas clad in a shirt of some light flannel material, and a pair of well-made dark trousers covered his sturdy limbs. A straw hat shaded a pair of fine dark eyes, and a handsome bright face, browned by the sun, and ruddy with health. " Hush,' Guardian, you must not be rude to strangers," Besignation whispered in response to the dog's subdued growl. " He will not bite you, sir." Father James made no reply, and the children passed him to enter the gate. The lad went on without vouchsaving the man a second glance, but Resignation paused with her soft hand on the still open gate. " Would you like to come in, sir ? It is not private. Would you like to come in and see my dear father's grave ?" * " Your father's grave! Why should I want to see your father's grave, child?" The words were spoken so sharply that the child drew back a little; during aU Resignatifn's little life these were the first words she had heard in any other tones than affection or pity, and she fixed her large calm eyes uppn the man in a sort of mild wonder as Bhe replied, " I beg your pardon; I thought you were the gentleman who has taken, the house where papa used to live, and that you might like to see his grave." ' Who are you, child ?" he asked in trembling tones, as his white face seemed to yet blanch of a more ghastly pallor. "I __am Besignation St. Herrick," she answered; ." my father was Colonel St. Herrick." 1 Stay, I will go with you," he murmered, as she was turning away with a disappointed look to follow her companion. The gentle child waited gladly until Father James had passed the gate, and then she closed it behind him. He allowed her to pass him, and then followed her'up the narrow pathway between the long grasses of the old graves. If she could have known what was passing in that man's heart—if she could have read his thoughts, hidden beneath that outward calm and that priestly dress, what would Resignation St. Herrick have done, or what would the poor fatherless child have said ? - He followed her light steps until she stopped near a grave, where flowers grew under that white marble headstone, on which the priest's eyes seemed fixed with such a stony glare that the lad who knelt by the grave with a trowel in his hand stared at him in wonder. If the words had been red hot, and pressed against the man's naked breast, his face could not have expressed a greater agony of fear and pain. Sagbed So THE MEMQBV * 0J? COLONEL THEODORE ST. HERBICK, Foully murdered at Marranga, June 19th, 186— " Vengeance is MINE, I will repay, •jj, saith the LOBD." The child- c saw that -his eyes were tracing the words, and waited silently and respectfully until he turned his face away, and sat weakly down on a grassy tuft with his back to the headstone. . The boy looked at Father James with a suspicion that he evidently shared with the dog, for at every movement of the man the animal showed his teeth, though silently, doubtless from respect to his young mistress's former reproof, but Besignation regarded the stranger With a yearning pity that her soft question explained. "Did you know my dear papa, sir?" and as a reply Father James shook his bowed head. " You have perhaps lost a dear father, too ? but not in so sad and cruel a way aB lost mine. Oh'it was cruel, cruel." " It was" worse than cruel; it was inhnmnn and cowardly!" cried the lad, striking the trowel on; the grass he was kneeling on for emphasis; " and if I was a man and met him I would kill hinras I would a snake." " Who are you?" asked the priest, suddenly as he turned his face toward the vehement "Me? My name is Daniel." "And Daniel is my friend," explained Resignation eagerly. " He has always helped me to keep papa's grave nice, and when he is a man-he is going to find papa's murderer and get him punished." She said .the last words in a low, emphatic whisper, looking round her as if fearful of being overheard as in a matter of the most secret consequence. "Yes, I shall find him,"Danid declared, proadly. " Old Nan wants to make a policeman of me'-to run the villain down ; but I shall find- him without being a trap. He may hide himself anywhere- but I shall find .^m, for it is fated that my hand shall put the rope about his neck." ' " How' do yoa know ?" asked the whitefaced priest ahnost in a whisper. " Because granny has said BO, and she is a reader of the etars—they cannot lie, you know, and besides I feel that I shall know Dan• Lyons by instinct if ever.the villain comes nearme." "Was Pan Lyons the name of the man who—^-" and he nodded toward the head- tSSSSi stone, thongh he did not turn his eyes toward it. " Yes, didn't you know ?" Besignation asked wonderingly. " He was poor papa's mate in the claim, yoa know. It doesn't tell about it there"—and she pointed to the stone—" but mama has told me all about it over and 07er again. Dan Lyons buried my dear father alive—papa* wrote about it in his note book while he was dying, and mama has the note book yet. Just fa^cy what it must have been to be crushed down in the dark ground alive, but smothering, and thinking of mama and me all the timet Oh, poor papa! But I would rather have been him, even then, than the wicked man that killed him, for he was going to heaven, but the murderer tan never, ndter go there." " Are you sure of-that ? " How eagerly the question was asked! with what trembling lips and craving eyes ! " Of course he can't!" cried Daniel; " he must go among the devils, for he was one of them 1 he was no man! didn't he bury the Colonel alive and stand looking at him and taunting him while he was dying ? " Only a devil could do that!" "Maybe, Daniel, if he was truly penitent," Resignation said doubtfully; " if he is sorry and asks God for Christ's sake, He may forgive him after a great while." "Never! all the sorrow in the world wouldn't-undo his sin or make a dead man live again! .Besides, if he was sorry he would have stood out before the world and confessed his crime!" From one to the other of the childrens' faces Father James gazed eagerly. What oouldhe.be looking for? In Dan's eyes he 'saw only a fierce anxiety for justice on the murderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, as her knowledge of God's mercy was contending with her righteous abhorrence of the man whose crime had made her fatherless. " It was cruel," she repeated, as she patted the mould around some plant on the grave beside which she now knelt softly, " and if it was not my poor papa he had killed, I might be sorry for that bad man, but it is hardly natural for me to be sorry for Mm." " Sorry for hirif. ? I wish I was old enough and—and I'd : " " Vengeance is mine," repeated Resignation from.the stone; "mama says,that as surely as God's sun shines in the BKy God's vengeance will overtake Dan Lyons, the mur- derer."- Still from one young face to another the man looked voicelessly, the ohildren now tending the flowers on the grave and not regarding him, but each engaged, with their own thoughts. At last the man shuddered from head to foot as though a fit had shaken him with its last throb, and he spoke to the boy. " Did you say your name was Dan ?'.' " Yes, I wish it wasn't 1 why did they call me the same name as that murdering wretch ? I won't have it!" ' I never call you Dan," said Resignation softly; "Daniel is a nicer name, and the Daniel in the Bible was a good man." 'Your name is Dan?" persisted the stranger; " Dan what ? " " My name is Daniel Griffiths if you want to know," the boy replied defiantly, for he resented the priest's insisting on calling him Dan. " What is your mother's name? " "Ellen, Ellen Griffiths; she is old Nan Griffiths' daughter." (To be continued.) 