Barnawartha. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.') The concert had just passed oiT trium phantly and the ball was in the act of doing likewise, when “Wallio” (a well known thriving denizen of the hanks and braes of Indigo Creek, having a thorough contempt for the light fantastic toe when “Ceelum Cnlmn” is not embraced in the programme), mct“Jolm,”a self- contained yet most enterprising vigneron on the Conkcmbiirra, whose able and successful supervision has made his vineyard , a picture tint would well repay a day’s drive to visit it, being the admiration of all be holders. If the ghost of a weed dares to put in an appearance, the extreme penalty of the law is immediately put in force. Yet he still contemplates further improve ments, having sent to Tasmania for one hundred thousand vinestakes of scientific manufacture (the timber of this colony being inadequate to stand the strain of a proper crop) and means to astonish creation with the result. Well, John being of a very retiring nature not caring to venture were there are any fringes or improvers about, wont with “AVnllie" into one of the snug parlours of the Belmont Hotel to pass away an hour at cribbago. The surroundings were so pleasant, the “Glas gow blend" so excellent, that “Tempus fiu/gctted” far quickerthan they anticipated, for when in the act of taking If) two, In four, In six, and a pair, 8, the housemaid walked in, put out the lamp and drew the blinds, and broad daylight at once sur rounded and surprised them both. Then with one accord they simultaneously mndo for their horses. Wnllic hastening homo to make pence with the “old woman,” and John making tracks in an opposite direction to make things right with the Mater. “ That’s a good stylo of a horse of yours, Johnny ?” “Yes, he is a faithful one too, for only the other night I—” .“.Does he go in harness Johnny?” “ Yes, he’ll go in anything, plough, saddle or harness. You cannot put him wrong. But as I'was saying only the other night I—” “What’s that oh his nenr fore off hind log, a ringbone, or a spaven, or what is it?” “Nothing st all, he’s ns sound as a roach. I expect its pulled a bit with standing.' Well, ns I was .saying only the other night I—” “Docs ho ever stumble Johnny? The way he stands over on his fore legs I should not like to ride him hard.” “Nonsense, he never even tried to fall. But as I was saying only the other night I—” “Was ho ever slaked ? what’s that mark on his Hank?” “Staked, no. But I was saying only the other night I—” “ Well so-iong Johnny I see I— E— is waiting I must be off.” “Well, I’ll bo hanged some people have no more manners than a sucking duck.”-“ Good evening Johnny! what’s the trouble; what are you grunting at?" “Oh! nothing. I was1. only just saying to P-,’bu(,.tlmt only the other night I—1”• “ HaS your horse got the lumpers. Johnny?” “ Lumpers, no! what’.makes you think that? But as I was saying, only the other night I—’ “You ought to get him shod Johnny; he’s right down on the frog of his hind foro feet. He’ll go lame directly.” “ Not him, lie’s right enough ; but ns I was saying only the other night I—” “ I expect you stable him of a night?"— “ Je-o-os-c-phat” I’m oil; I’ll put the wretch up at the next Albury sale, if I linvo to walk on my hands and knees in future.” Exit Johnny and the faithful steed —“ Ilillo ! Johnny, where are you oil to ? nro you travelling or going some whore ? Isn’t that the horse that* broke away and you thought that you had lost him ?” “ Yes, it was only the other night 1”— “You found him at Mae’s didn’t you ?” “ Yes, ns I was saying only the other night I”—“ Its a good job ho didn’t got in tho pound. How did it happen ?” “Well, I was just saying, only the other night I”—(the other party is filling his pipe and has some difficulty in making it draw, the 'circumstance no doubt saved Johnny from going for him)—“I was just saying tho other night I tied my horse outsido the Belmont Hotel and went into the store and was doing a little trade with L—c when M—o came in looking charming. Well, perhaps I stayed longer than I intended. But, howovor, on going Qutsido mylhorso was gone. Ah 1 well, I said, I expect lie’s gone homo and I’ll have to walk. Just imagine my surpriso upon going oyer to Mac’s, about two hours after, to linvo n look nt tho Ituther glon Sun to seo him quietly standing nt the Yernndnh post, tho reins hanging at his feet. “ Ila 1 ha 1 I expect he’d been pretty used to standing there but is any thing the matter. Has sho given—” Johnny recollects lic'has Bomewhcro to go ^nnd goes. There’s a oloud visible in tho local sky no bigger than a man’s linnd. I hoar he lms papered one room. We enn imagine Father Tiumtight smiling in perspective. A party whoso accent at once carried us bnck over the mighty ocean to that land where Billy Goats are prolific, tho ladies wear “boll toppers,” and where the towns hnve such unpronouncnblo names, walked into ono of our stores tho other day. Put ting his hand on a pair of moles (size six) Iii! asked “liow 11 soli nr trowzcr.” IIowas told 8s. per pair, mul ho said he would take one. Upon the trowsers being made up in a neat parcel and handed to him he put down 4s. mi the counter and walked out. “Here” cried the other following, “von only gave me 4s.” “yes, that right, said Taffy, ‘,You said they were 8s. n pair ami I only wanted one,” exit Tally. Tho other watched his retreat with a comical expression of countenance, then suddenly his features relaxed into a smile, vigorously scratching his head he went back into the store muttering, “ I’ve made nine pence out of him anyhow.’' The farmers arc beginning to grunt again for the want of rain and not without occasion, a good downpour is much needed owing to late frosts. The crops are look ing none too well. Mr. John Burrows and John Smith, (brother of the Into Mr. Charles Smith), arc returned .without opposition for tho Yackandnudnh .Shire Council. Mr. Janies Hunter’s premises wdien completed will be-by far the most substan tial, best finished, and most valuable pro perty round here. Tho remains of Mr. Joseph Drnpcr’s little boy, who died from the olVccls of scalding was buried last Wednesday at tho Barnawarlhn Cemetery. The Rev. Mr. Moorhonsc, Church of England Minister officiated. “Kilo Lnss,” tho winner of the first prize at tho late Bnrnawartlin coursing mntch has also won tho Albury Puppy stakes (.£20,) the first days coursing was at. Albriry on Friday, the second day, Saturday, at Bungowanna. Well dono “Barnny,” what would tho world bo with out fan. 