OU.U'ilvIl lAVl. TITB WIIIT1M ACtl) HUT. "THEN you have not seen Ailie for some time!" asked Lord Carsdale of Rose Derwent. And the answer was, "No." He bod made alt the search possible in London for his young wife, bat could fist no tidings of her. They remembered her at (be London Bridge Hotel; and'Patty, lbs kindly obamber-maio, wlu'O she board of inquiries being made about a fr'oung lad;, told at onca all that she had thonght and suspected. Lord Caredale talked to h4tMm»$li,.Kid eUscribcd Ailie exaotly to her. ".That ia the lad; 1" cried tho girl. "And you hare DO idea where ahe went?" asked Lord Caredale. " She mentioned no town, no place?" " No," replied tbe ohamber-maid, " none." So there bio olew ended. Naturally enough his next visit was to Rodeswell, to aee if Ailie bad reached borne. TJiU time he was to en grossed with anxiety jth&t; ho qaite forgot to note that which beforehand hadapdisgnsted' him-the doll street, thetttoomy house, the. evidence of poverty. Qe though only of find ing Ailie, and atoning to her for what she .offered; her heroism had been so great that, in 'his eyes, it ennobled even the most oom mon-plaoo surroundings. As a matter of course, the whole family ware astonished to see him, and still more ettoanded at what he had to tell tbem; for be woold have no more'eoncaalmeat, anil, Bending for the .danoing-moster and his as tonished wite. BS told the troth about his, name, his tifle, an jpoeiUon, J "At tbe eiitta4m*," be said, »t tanst MB' yon quite fairly that my marriage outs me oil entirely from my family forever. It has been kept a eeoret from them all these years; pow they know it, and I have bidden them fanwell forever." : ' John Dsrwent and his wife were both over come. " To think," laid John," that tuoh a thing should happen." " "To think," oried Mrs. Derwent, "that mydaqghter should be a lady of title." : ThoV were both ipeeohless aftor that one ranark. " Of ootum," continued Lord Oarsdale, Viiow that my marriage is known, 1 should like to tee you in a different position. I have influential friends, and lp4or>ot doubttntbs hast but that I oan procure lot ypn wms Uttls office under goverritaant.beeiaea .which I will aettle a yearly inoome bn yonajobis than equivalent to tbti ajrblob yon tanr earn. \l shall have sense mtiraly nevot 16 meiitlon' my family' or apeak of them in any way, aa it would lead to more harm than good." , 'John Derwent ana his wife wen both over whelmed-they oould uy nothing. Then he mads inquiries about Frank, and learned that tujigava promise, some day or other, of being a unperb engineer. "I oonsider Frank's fortune made, eir," aald JohnDerwent,gratefully; "and I have yon to thank for it. my lord-no one else-" '? -Than Lord Oarsdale bad to listen to the itoky of Boss's engagement to the yoong «arpt«; and,,:t»okftrg'atlhv^,s'«WBM tai»; jmjili not wonder at her marrying well. ' ThenHsttie looked np at him with one o( hW frank, etrange smiles. *_tl am not one of the genteel members of Ilia family," (ha said, 11 and I am not pro viied for, but I tell you one thing, Lord Oars due, I would not many a lord, as poor Ailie has done, without he loved me better than yea lovfd he.". : ft Ton an right, Hettie. I do topi ezaOee pyself, fcnt I wOl atone in the fatS&for; vis. tttorsof the past." 'Be would not alarm tbea by telling them that he had-ao completely lost all trace of AOfe; lie let them believe tbcn~lnft~ Men some mistake about their travelling. He fonnd from hii inquiries that Bona a them hid any idea of Ailie's whereabouts. Ha .relit awav as eoon as be ooold, having but thfrone idea of finding her. She surprise, the wonder, the bewilderment (bat fell upon that little household I Ailie, tb'elr beautiful Ailie, had married a lord! Mrs. Derwent rooked herself pathetically to and fro,, wiping tbe great tears from her yet. "I always £18that Ailiewasno~*otntnoh kind of fetrl," die. aaid," butnone wttdd be-' lievime?' r The dancitransjtel ooked at Ms i^dle, " Ton and ItfiR ntw,""Waaid ;f'" but yon have been a true friend to me." " The secret was imparted, nnder all possible vows of teoreoy, to tne curate, who mentally «ongratnlated himself on having made a good match. I Visions of a good living, presented to him qy his brother-in-law, Lord Oarsdale, floated across his mind. ^ In the meantime, Lord Oarsdale himself was quite at a lose where to look. It was -wonderful how one illusion alter another1 drew-hi^i from place to place. Sometimes it was the itory of a lady fonnd drowned in tbe depths of aome swift, deep river; again it was the' body of a lady washed ashore ; it was an .unknown lad* killed ,ln a;- railway aooidentc or it was the fclftot; of a myster ious death. Wherever he fjear^or read anything of the kind, he went at onoe; but, neither living jdm.dead, oould. lie find any trace of Ailie . ,i iisi Ut t.ti Vs« It was a railway aocident that drew his attention to Pembay-an exourcion train had- oome in oolliaion with a heavy goods trMO, ttie result of which was the death of some twenty passengers and tbe injury of aome twenty others. It was nobody's fault quite an I accident, the servants of the com pany declared-one that no human intelli gence oould have forssen. Among the list of of the dead oame a description of a lady on known. | She was described as very beauti ful,1 Frith long golden hair; and when Lord Oarsdale! read it, hie heart grew faint. He forget hpw many beautiful women with gol den bair there are in the world, and he went direct to Fernbay.. It was not Ailie.t Before he reached there tbegoldcta-haind lady had befnjepognized by a husbanarffliok wae.4riv«ii mad by her uDtimelypeath. 'Still,"Lord Oarsdale resolved upon staying there; it was a pretty place, and he had a pleasant memory of tho one happy day that he had spent with Ailie there. I40 went to tbe same hotel where she had been so full of pretty, innocent wonder and .surprise. They did not recognize him therd. ' Lfiter on that oveniqg be walked down to the beach; it was a ourians place-quaint, old-fasbiouod, and, at times, very solitary. Qe walkod past tho pier, where the band was " disoouriing eloquent music," down by the ollfla,l*nd stood there looking at Bn old, ruined jetty thai Tan out into the aea. It was a quiet, desolate plane; there was no sound ol music, no gay nromenaders, no children Bt play. There lay the bluo sea; the white cliffs sloped down to it, and from tbe ehingle tho black, ruined Jotty ran out far and wide into tho eea. Suoh a quaint, soli tary ecene had not mot his cycB tor years. He ctood watching it, wondering bow that old jetty would look andcr a darkening sky, with great, dark waves leaping over it and ae he so atood, thsro came to him an old coast-guard, who touchcd his cap Bnd began to talk. That jetty, he said, had been for years and years out of repair; it was never used now. In times long past, queens and kings had landed on it; but now it was given up to a ghost. (7b be contitwrd.) 