traveller. Three Weeks In Southland* If.Z. BY FBAHK MOBEEY. (Continued,.) How long have I been climbing this track, picking fems, murdering Shakespeare, apostrophising tom-tits, and perspiring freely. Seems like an hour. I must be at least a mile above the level of the lake. Surely I can walk and moralise at the rate of a mile an hour. Let me see what the aneroid says. Great Jehoshophat 1 only 500 feet 1 Bnt the apparatus can't lie. I'm not more than 166 yards above the lake yet. I don't think I'll climb Mount Ernslaw this time. Itwonld look like taking a mean advantage of the mountain, to practise on a wood track at the back of Kinloch first. Just here I found the following notice nailed to a tree, which I give verbatim « Head of lake, Jane 7th, 1884. Notice.—This is to sertify that I, John Snooks, have this dayapplyed for a claim for wood cutting." The name wasn't Snooks, but that's no matter. I went on oboat fifty feet farther, when I came to the ttmckieion that in a straggle betwfeen store SSroima New Zealanascrub the scrub would get the best of it. Then I paused and looked around me, preparatory to beginning my descent. There is not much to see certainly. My horizon is limited to about fifty feet. The interlacing leaves of the black birch (Betula nigra), the white birch (B. alba), the red birch, the totara, and various other trees and bushes, effectually shut out the rays of the sun from the damp ground beneath, where ferns and scrub, in endless variety and profusion, flourish side by side in their straggle for existence. I am now 550 feet above the lake, and for all the new I can get I might as well be in the deepest dungeon in the old Bastille, or down in the lowest level of the Magdala claim at Stawell. Betarning, & very pretty object caught my eye—a dagger-shaped pendant of ice hanging from this roots of a tree which grew npon the edge of a catting. The water percolating through the roots was frozen as it issued in drops, and the translucent icy stalactite, about two feet in length, sparkled like a huge diamond in the sunshine. Bnt I have no more time to dawdle here, as that sound which roQs in a thousand echoes from the hills is the fog-horn of the Jane Williams', and she leaves Kinloch in less than an hoar. In ten minutes more I am carving an ancient chicken for the Lady of the Lake, whoBe acquaintance I made this morning; and we are disoussing the' probability of the sun shining during the next forty-eight hours in order to reveal the beauties of the scenery, which, up to this point, have been hidden by an envious leaden sky. The lady is undecided whether to go or stay. "Do you think it is going to clear up," she asks. I look out at the window; then I return and put on my most sympathetic, and withal my wisest look, and respond somewhat after the manner of the immortal Captain Outtle: "The wind is now in the sou-west. If so be, my dear madame, that it chops round to the nor-west, or nor-nor-west by nor, we'll probably have a change. If the glass doesn't go down .any more it will very likely rise presently ; and then weTlhavesome weather. If we .don't iiavs some weather we31 : likely ' 1 " I don't think that yon can gain much jby Btayinghere.nadame!" " Do you really think it will clearup in a day or twp? if so, I will stay.'' " Truly, madame, I think yoa are wise to remain." " After all I think Til go." " Well, on second thoughts, I believe yoa are right." "After coming all this way I don't like leaving without seeing something." " I commend yonr resolution, madame ; only dire necessity drives me away from these hospitable shores. I envy yon your chance of remaining to see the son shining in all his glory upon those gloomy hills, and transforming them, as by a magician's wand, into all the color's of the solar spectrum." " Yes 1 I will remain." "Adieu!" "Adieu!" The Jane Williams is a little craft even smaller than the Mountaineer. She is not, like her rival, got np regardless of expense. She has no gorgeous saloon shining with brass and nickel, and upholstered with crimson velvet or some brilliant imitation thereof. But she IB a good little boat for all that; and her skipper is a decent fellow, too; but cela VOL sans dire, as he is an : old Victorian and all Victorians are good men when they aren't the reverse. Now we are off. The Lady of the Lake stands in a pensive attitude, watching our departure. I think she is even now repenting of her final resolution. We steer straight for Glenorchy which gleams across the water, 'about three miles away, like a miniature painting on a huge gray canvas. When about half-way across we get a fine view of Moant Earnslaw, which hitherto has been hidden by the smaller but nearer Mount Alfred. What a rugged old giant he looks with his storm-tossed locks of cloud and vapor olinging to his venerable head, and hanging halfway down his shoulders, like the poor gray hairs of old King Lear, when turned adrift by his ungrateful daughters and abandoned to the meroy of the storm. There is a glacier somewhere about Mount Ernslaw which I have not seen yet; but which I am quite prepared to take on trust, as the atmosphere and the water are alike cold enough to indicate the presence of half-a-dozen respectable glaciers. The Bees Biver here joins the waters of the lake; and although just now it is comparatively low, the captain assures me that it brings down an enormous volume of water sometimes, and that the shingle at the month of the river is constantly shifting. ' Half-an-hour steaming brings as alongside the wharf at Glenorchy. We have not very mooh cargo to take on board; and presently we are off, oar passenger list being reinforced by the addition of a far skin-covered hunter, with a venerable and unkalizoic dog; which must be an extremely valuable animal if only half as clever as he is ugly. While we are steaming along close in to the shore which lies upon our left, the captain enlarges upon the past glories of the old digging days. There has been plenty of gold got abont Lake Wakatip. We are steaming past the old Bucklebura 'digging' out of which tons of gold have been won by diggers in the olden days from shallow sinking. A few Ghinamen still hang about the old place with the strange pertinacity of the race. They make their tucker now, and that is about all. But there are quartz reefs higher up the river which have been lately turning out well, and a revival in mining about here is quite on the cards. " The sun is still hidden by the gray pall which for the last two days has hung about the limited area cf sky which the tall mountains leave visible. But as we pass the islands a fugitive gleam of sunshine gives us a momentary glimpse at the exquisite panorama for which the Lady of the Lake is sighing, I hope not vainly. Suddenly, as if by magio, a wealth of gorgeous color breaks from the hitherto gray and gloomy moantains. In the foregreund is Fig Island, or Pigeon Island, it matters not which, as there is nothing in such nnsuggestive names. The blue black waters of the lake break in small curlijg white-crested waves upon the basalt foreshore of the island. The pale green of the feme and cabbage trees contrast vividly with the dark glossy leaves of the scrub. Away beyond the strip of water between as and the farther shore, and forming the background of the^picture, the gray and brown walls under the magio influence of sunlight, turn from gloom to gladness. Instead of black and gray and brown our eyes are gladdened by tender harmonies and sweet nuances of color. Deep puiples, delicate blues, tender grays and a perfect diapasen of all the colors from the red to the violet end of the spectrum are reflected from the needle-like peaks and shaggy sides of those hitherto gloomy hills; and, high above all, the pure white of the snow almost dazzleB the eye to look npon it. But this gleam of sunshine is only momentary; and presently, like the ghosts of dead memories, the glorious vision disappears. It appearB to me that the beauty of New Zealand scenery depends a good deal upon light., This sounds like a simple truism; and some very smart reader may probably remark that "any fool knows that." But what I mean, if, indeed, I have any meaning, is that light plays a more essential part in producing magnificent effects among New Zealand mountains and lakes than any other factor. Each point and peak, every angle and escarpment seems to absorb that portion of the composite solar spectrum due to its molecular construction and its angle of incidence. According to the law of optics, there is no color generated by any natural body whatever. In the white light of the sun we have the sum total of all possible colors; and the various hoes which greet the eye of the observer as the rays of the sun fftU upon those ragged heights are due to the sf**-- piooras w) reflected back. Sometimes all the light is absorbed, and a dense blackness appears; then the red, the orange, the yellow, the green, the blue, and the violet rays are absorbed or reflected as the case may be, resulting in all the colors being seen from some point or other, and ail blended into a harmonious whole by masses of grays and other neutral tints in the way that only nature can blend her colors; while mingling with the clouds are the snow-clad peaks. " Clothed in white samite, mystic, wonderfid." It is very beautiful when the sun Bhines. The Lady of the Lake by this time is probably happy; as she must have caught a fleeting glimpse, if no more, of the beauties of Lake Wakatip, and the mountains, under the vivifying touch of— " That orbed continent, the fire That severs day from night." But now " the glorious lamp of heaven " is hidden under thick masses of vapor. The sombre gray walls are unrelieved by any splash of color or gleam of light; the black waters of the lake seem blacker and more unfathomable than ever; the shore flits past indistinct and shadowy; the trees and scrub appear out of the darkness in front, and disappear into the darkness behind, and, the wind tossing their branches, they seem to turn eternally like the lost souls in the TTtyll cf Eblis. The wind begins to rise. As it blows over those snow-covered hillls, it swoops down as if it had jnst arrived from some antartic waste of eternal icebergs; and seems to be embued with a demoniac desire to cut your ears off. You walk about frantically to keep up the circulation, or you cower behind the boiler of the engine, which, in the Jane Williams, rises np boldly. through the middle of the deck; and ever and anon you feel in the darkness for your nose, to make sure that you have something more substantial on yonr facc than a lifeless andfrost-bittenreminiscenceofthepast. Bat there iB not much of this. Presently we reach Queens town, and in the comfortable hotel of Madame Eickhardt I find as good accommodation, as good j liquor, and as good, meals as the traveller, will find ont of Melbourne., or perhaps in it. 