poetry Caldwell at Sprlngflold. Haas's the root, Liok aronnd yon. Abovo on the height Ley the HesiMus encamped. By the ohnroh on the tight Stood the giant Jersey farmer*. And here ran . a wail- .-. Tqu m^dig anywhere and yon will tnra up a Nothing more. Grasses spring, waters ran, . 'flowers Blow ' V Pretty rtnbh as they did ninety-three years • ago. Nothing more did I say ? Stay one moment; you’ve hcsra Oi Caldwell, the parson who onoe preached the word. * ' • Borwh at Springfield'? What I No? Come, that's oad. Why he had Alt the Jerseys aflame. And they gave him the name 01 the " rebel high priest.” He atook in their For; he loved the Lord God—and he hated King George I . He hied esqM^yn might say, when the Hes Marched n^with JKnypKanson, they stopped At the "!pairihs,^ whert hie wile, with a ohiid in her arms, . Bat alone in the house. How it happened none ! knew Bnt God—and one o! the hireling crew Who Bred the shot. Bhongh I There ehe lay, And Oaldweh, .the ehaplain, her husband, away I Bid he preaoh-«did he pray ? Think o! him, ae yon stand, By the old ohnroh to-day; think of him and that band 01 military oowboys I See the smoke and the Of that reokless advanoe—of that straggling • retreat I Keep the ghost ot that wile fonlly elain inyonr view— And what could you—what should yon, what would you do? Why, just what he did I They were left in the inroh, For want ot mote wadding. He ran to the church, Broke the .door, stripped the pews, and dashed i ont in fheroad' - With his arms full ot hymn-books'and throw down hie load At their >te$t I' Then' above/all the. shouting and shots Bang his vqioe: ” Pat Watts into ’em, boys; ! give’em Wafts.” And they did.' That is all. Grasses spring, J flowers blow, Pretty mnch as they did nlnety.three years Yon me^f dig anywhere and yon’ll tarn np a Bnt not always a hero like this—and that’s BkbX Haute. A Ucture by the Mon. Jenualem Shotwell. an ovens. • I “Feller mortals,” said the lecturer, as he gulped down a glass of water and cautiously looted at the three etirt-buttone In the bottom ol the glass, “ dis hUpfei natnr’ ot ours am a strange muddle. _ we kin (eel de sentiment ot hate, love, indifference, sentiment, admire shun, fear, reverence an’ disgust in one short day. We attain de highe'ut eminence; an’ we sink to the lowest slums. We reverence one man an’ hate another. Wc feel hilarious one hour ah’ shed tears of sorrow the next. Stranger dan all de wind^ dat blow—more valuable dan any weather famished by natur’ —bold an’ fearless—weak an’ vasoilatin’— human natur’ can be praised- an’ condemned in de same breaf. re ra a biudv. "If we studied do natur* of. man as clualy as we do dat of a boss we would not tread on his eo’ns so often. Man am as pliable as ’lasses if you take him right. If you take him wrong he am at brittle as glass an’ as hard as stun. Dat am a matter we seldom stop to consider. We take him as pleases us —not to please him. Our ideah is dat he mus, put up wid otlr stylo—not ts bring us to his. I has seen dozens of men who war’, bo’n ail right spill by oontaoi wid de world. Nobody took ’em jist right, an’ dey wouldn't Btudy to take odder men right. - ins raauT sms. “ Some men kin be bossed—some has to be be coaxed. Some am naterally mulish—some plastio. - Some kin be reached frew deir weaknesses—some frew deir strength. A modest man an’ a proud, vain man mus' be bandied on teetotally different principles. We make enemies and meet wid needless rebuffs an' refusals bekase we fail to consider dese troofs. It our hoss has a habit of bitin’ we lay awake nights to devise some remedy fur it.' If our naybur am a natural kioker wo ridiculo his grievances ah’ burlesque his tribulaBhuns. if otur hoss am too high-strung to take do whip are keerful to^keep da lash way from him. If our naybur am too proud spirited to borrerr our wheelbarrer an’ lend ne aie. washboa’d we deolar’ him beneath our aotis an’ wash, our hands of de huU fam’ly. 6TUDS A MAN. ; “ It am de easiest thing in de world to make \ friend. Fuat, looate your man. Second, iiuo him up. If he am a vain, proud man jraise bis perebnaliappesranoe, his home—hie .vifo, ehill’an an’ speeches. No man am so soo’ an’ lowly dat his words of praise won’t ioun’ sweet to an egotist, “ If 1*3 am -a crcaa, surly, out-o’sorts ohap, reelin’ s&rtia; in his owu mind dat de world wasn’t built/on oorreot principles, doan’ try to argy wid jiim to convince him dat die airtn am all O.K. from cellar to gatret. On do aontrary sidle in wid him. Growl at de world, abuse mankind an’ tell him liow eorry you am dat he wasnlt on han1 to manage things about 200 y’ara B.C, It will be like doin’ up a sore coe in a greased rag. “ When you meet a man who am sort o’ sneakin’ irow like on de quiet—nebber heard ot outside of hig own nayburhood—modeet, nnaesumin’, an’ only wantin’ to bo let alone, feed him on guni-drops. Tell him you have heard his name menshuned as candidate fur Alderman. Ask him what y’ar it was when he run furi(de Legllelachur. Inquar* when hiB next_ book of poeAia am to be published. Ax him if ho am do Smith who invented de oomet, He will cringe and winoe, but he will go home an* think it ober an’ be your friend fur “ Dor’ am cranks to be humored. Dar’ am eccentrics to be praised. Dar’ am" circlin’ ’round us day by day a ohain of men an1 women who doan’ know beans from broom atipke, but who nice’ be complimented oh deir exquisite tastes an’ high order of intelleck. , MAKE FMEND8. “ As de time allottod to me baB hout expired, let me Bay to you, in closin’ dis discourse, lat de man who makes enemies am no reader }f human natur’. It am jist as easy to make ten good friends aa one euomy. Abuse no uan’e pollytios. Slur no man’s religion. Hold 10 arguments wid a id an who has been soured jy- misfortunes. As fur women—treat all ihko by prosin' all. Returnin’ you my ispacious thanks fur do emblematical indif. erenco you have exhibited throughout the lelivery of this oelebrated leoture. I draw mv. icu to a close. •1'vtc Frets, 