True from the First AND FALSE TO [HF LAST. CHAPTER XYII-Oontinued. ' She is saved, Mr. Rosiere, though I have had a hard fight with death. At one time I feared he would con quer, but I would not let him wrench her from me. I have won her back to life, and in this supreme moment all the reward I ask is that when health is restored to her you will give me leave to win her for my own. Will you thus reward the efforts I have made to-day to give her back to you ? It is premature to speak in this way, I know, bat my heart is too full to be denied utterance. I have never ceased to love your daughter, and now that Archer has been removed by death, there can be no reason why I may not, in time, fill the place he held in her heart.' ' It is a forlorn hope, but you have my consent to win her, if you can,' said Mr. Rosiere, mournfully. ' She loved Guy with all her heart, and is not one to change easily, or to console herself with a new love.' ' That I understand; but with your influence arrayed on my side, and through the mystical power I have gained over her to-day, I shall have good hope of success. Before your daughter rises from that bed, Mr. Rosiere, my will shall control hers, provided you give your consent to our union as soon as I can gain Amiee's. Without that it will be useless for me to seek to place her mind in rapport with my own. In doing so I can give her back life, hope and happiness. In restoring the first alone, I leave her to pine bor that which can never be hers again-to become the victim of vain regrets for one who should be as dead to her as he is to others. Archer shall no longer stand between us, for I will control her very thoughts, and force her to turn to me as her saviour and her husband.' The earnest passion in his tones moved the listener deeply. At that moment he forgot all that was objec tionable in Bodine, all that Laura Gale had said of him on that first day at Selbourne. Mr Rosiere could only remember the great obligation he had just laid upon him, and grasped the hand of his companion, and huskily said ' Give back to her life and happi ness, and she is yours whenever her consent is won to give you her hand ' Bodine wrung his hand so hard in reply that he was glad to release it, and the young man bowed his head over the calm face of the sleeping girl, and after a long interval, said, in broken tones ' At last-at last I am permitted to hope that an angel will come to purify my life-to make me worthy to claim her as my own. Mr. Rosiere, I am not good enough for this great blessing to be given to me, but I-I am rich, and I will try to make her happy. I swear it to you.' . At the moment he was in earnest for great emotion sometimes arouses all that is best even in a bad man's nature. He regretted his own base ness, though he had not the remotest intention of atoning for it, as was proved by the reference to the wealth fo which he had so slight a claim. After a struggle with himself, Ilodine went on in a more matter-of fact tone ' Ourresearchesheremay prove afail ure, afterallMr.Rosiere; but iftheydo, and Aimee accepts me, I pledge you my word to divide equally with you all that I possess in the world. You shall stand in the place of my own father, and share, and share alike, shall be the rule between us.' 'You are very generous,' replied the other, a little stiffly, ' but I cannot accept alms even from my daughter's husband, should you ever stand in that relation towards her. Have you found anything more among Cal deron's papers, and-is it of a dis couraging nature ?' 'No-o; I have discovered nothing more,' ,said Bodine, in an exhausted tone. 'I feel quite worn out by my long journey and the efforts I have made to benefit Aimee. I must go to my room, and take some rest. You have nothing more to fear for your daughter. She will be well in a few days.' Again he bent over the still form he seemed loth to lose sight offer a moment, and an expression of un wonted softness came into his face. 'I am not guilty-no, I am not guilty of this wrong to her,' he was saying to himself. ' Archer died before my emissaries had a chance to do my bidding. I did not send him into the midst of pestilence to perish from the face of the earth. Fate has favoured me, and I only avail myself of the chance she gives me. Live to love me, Aimee, and i will be good and true to you. I once believed I could hate you, but only for adoring love is thero now a place in my heart.' He went out with Mr. Rosiere, ate a few morsals of thl food brought to his room, drank nearly a whole bottle of wine, and in half an hour afterwards was lying in a deep and dreamless sleep, the result of fatigue and ex haustion. The father returned to his child's bedside, and sat for hours watching the strange slumber in which her senses were locked. That it brought healing on its wings, he know from the change m the expression of her face, from the faint rose tinge that began to steal over tho marble whiteness of lips and cheeks, and he lifted his heart in thankfulness that help had come ere it was too late. CHAPTER XVIII. AIMEE SAVED-MwRS. IELMAINE'S IN OREDULITY. TEE young ladies from Selbourne had been with the afflicted girl all that morning, watching alternately over her, and Laura Gale had passed the previous night with her. After dinner Mrs. Delmaine drove over and took her daughter back with her, promising that she should return the following day. The young artist had arrived at Selbourne, and as he was so entire a stranger, the good lady thought that, through consider ation for him, Adele should return to do the honours of her home to him. Mrs. Delmaine wept abundantly over the deeply- striken Aimee, and promised to return herself to spend the'night with her; but her daughter must positively go home with her now. Laura remained at her own earnest request, but, worn out with the previous night's watehiug, she had retired to the room adjoining Aimee's, and had fallen asleep almost as soon her head touched the pillow. Thus she was not aware of the arrival of Bodine, nor of what had taken place in the apartment of the sick. girl. When she awoke from the heavy and -unrefreshing slumber in which she had lain wrapped for several hours, twilight was falling, and she started up in haste to arrange her toilet, and prepare to resume her station by Aimee's side. When she softly opened the door which gave admittance into the next room, she was startled by seeing Mr. Rosiere on his. knees beside his daughter, and his head bowed down over her hand, which he seemed to be softly caressing. Forgetting caution, Lauraimpulsively exclaimed - ' Ah, Heaven! she is dead, that I find you thus ?' Mr. Rosiere lifted his face, from which the troubled expression was gone, and softly replied 'No-saved-saved to me through the intervention of Heaven, or rather througa the.skill of your cousin. Look at her; the heart again acts -rightly the pulse is soft and even, and colour begins to fluctuate once more on her face. All this was the work of Bodine, Liura.'f ' Then I should say that the days of miracles have not ceased,' was the promnpt reply. 'Did Walter's voice recall Aimee from the trance in which I left her, 'for she is evidently much better ?' 'He only made passes over her, and through his great magic power com pelled her to sleep. He says she-will live, that the worst is over, and with renewed life wiUl come composure; and -and-in time she will forget the awful calamity that prostrated her.' 'lMagnetism,' repeated Laura, with a deep breath. 'It is a fearful and wonderful power, given t6 some organ izations and nut to others. It can he used for good or for evil, but I admit that I should not like to fall under the influence of any one through such, an ag-,cy as that.' 'In this case it has only been used for a good purpose,' was the grave reply. 'Look at my child; see for yourself that she is greatly better.' ' Yes-:but think of the power it 'will give another over your daughter, if her cure is effected by such means. I have heard the most wonderful stories of the will being controlled, in spite of every effort made to resist the influence. What if Walter should establish such authority as that over Aiine e Do you thik it would be for her happiness ?' After a moment's hesitation' Mr. Rosiero replied ' I have reason to believe that it will be the best thing that could happen to my poor girl. She will, in a manner, be compelled to look forward with hope, in place of dwelling for ever on the past, and grieving for the one who can never now return to her. A sudden light flashed on Laura's mind; she comprehended at once that Bodine had never given up the hope of winning Aimed for his wife, and a faint outline of the programme he had laid out to lead him to success dawned on her. l'he silently bent over the sick girl, and after satisfying herself th'at she was enjoying a.life-giving slumber, turned to M r. Rosiere, who had risen and was now standing bes:de her, and softly askccd 'Am I right in my interpretation of your last words Is it your wish that Aimee shall return the affection I have long known Walter cherishes for her ' If" it is so, I recall all the flippant speeches I made about him the first time we met. I was vexed with him because he neglected me after my father's dissappearance; but I really had no good ground to sneer at him as I did.' 'I am glad to hear you say thdt, Laurgm, for your words impressed me unpleasantly, thongh they did not an tirely destroy my confidence in Bodine. Until to-day I thought he had relin quished all thoughts of Aimee; but, in place of that, he hans been faithful to her through all these years of estrange. ment, and whenu he found her lying at death's door, his well-kept secret was betrayed in a most touching manner. He told me that if bestowed on him, he wou'd give her back both life and happiness; that he could gain her con sent, if assured of mine.' ' And he bargained with you for her restoration at such a moment !' cried Lauru, indignantly. 'Surely .it was no time to speak of a new -lover, when the old one is scarcely cold in his grave. Rosiere gravely ssid - <You misunderstood me. Your cousin did not make terms with me as a condition towards restoring Aimee. He did all that was. possible for her, and then, in the fulness of his heart, he spoke ofhislong- repressed passion, and showed me that if he continued the cure till it was completed, he could bring her so much under his in fluence as [to insure a return to his affection. He honourably asked my consent to that, and I have given it. Anything would be better to me than to see my darling pine away in des pair for the happiness she has lost.' 'The affair is settled, then,' said Laura, decisively, 'for Walter is not a man to be baffled when he has won his way thus far. He must love Aimee very dearly [to hope against every discouragement through all these years. Does he know that I am here ?' 'No-you would not permit me to mention your presence in this neigh bourhood when I wrote to him, and this afternoon there was no time to speak on any subject but that which so deeply interested him. He is resting now, after his long journey, and his exhaustive efforts to bring sleep to my daughter's eyes. 'So much the better; I am going to give him a genuine surprise by ap pearing suddenly before him like the ghost in' Macbeth.' Rosiere left her, and Laura sat a long time by the bedside, regarding the placid face of the sleeping girl with an expression of mournful in terest. The nature of her thoughts might have been guessed by the words that fell from her lips, as she at last arose, and with light touch arranged the bed-clothing ' Better to have died in that fearful trance, than to come back to life to be at his beck and call. Oh, Aimoe ! can he possess the power to exercise the past, and bid you come to him his lovilig, obedient slave ? for a slave you will be to a master who, after the first glamour of passion is past, will make you feel that you have put on fetters that may never be broken save by death, and it will be you who will die, my poor girl! Such men as Walter Bodine live to be hoary-headed in baseness, in hardness. Oh, why did he ever cross my path again? Why? Why?' There was a ring of bitter anguish in the utterance of the last words, and Laura dropped her head upon the bed and wept a few moments with cha racteristic violence. Suddenly starting up, she dashed away her tears, and going to a mirror, regarded herselffixedly-she clenched her small hand, and making a mena cing gesture towards the image re fl-cted in it, vindictively nmuttered- * You must have dainty apparel, be lapped in luxury, and shielded from the sordid cares of life, and one whose shoes you are unfit to unloose must be the victim offered up to make sure of them. Oh, I hate myself! I hate myself beforehand for what I know I shall do! I see this future rising be fore me; for me it may be bright-it must be, for I shall be the wife of the man I love devotedly in spite of the difference in our years. But for her,' and she slowly turned, and pointed her outstretched finger towards Aimee, 'for her what will it be ? I shall give her over to the fate that menaces her, and when I see her wretched will no remorse arise? Will no blight come over my own life ? Away with such doubts and fears, for my path is marked out for me by fate itself, and I must follow it ' By this time night had fallen, and the moon was shining over the world without. Mrs. Delmaine, followed by her servant-girl, came into the silent hall, the front door of which always stood open till the hour for closing the house arrived. They had alighted at the gate, and sent back the carriage with orders to the driver to return in the morning. Mrs. Delmaine had no knowledge of the arrival of Bodine, nor of what had followed it, and with cautious steps, she moved towards the sick room, expecting to find Aimee in the same sleepless trance she had lain in for so many hours. The first sight that greeted her as she opened the door was Laura stand ing with fixed eyes andpointing finger, and her first thought was that Aimee was dead, and that Miss Gale had be come distraught at finding herself alone wiih a body from which the light of life had departed. She hastened forward, and throwing her arm round her young friend, soothingly said ' Do not be so much shocked at the sight of death, my child. Your looks frighten me. Is all indeed over for poor Aimee? If I had thought her so near death, I would have returned be fore this.' Laura uttered a faint cry, and bary ing her face in Mrs. Delmaine's bosom, stood shivering and panting several moments before she could reply. To be coeeaved, Another 500 immigrants arrived. Why not send them direct to the toudan. " What are you taking my boots out of here for?" asked a gentleman of his negro soervant. "What, is dose yer boots, bos ?" "You know they aroynu trifling rascal. WVhat are you going to do to them?"[ "'Wall, I 'chore, for goodness, boss," dropping the boots. "I thought dawes do okuttss, an' I thought I'd go down actor rome coatl, sob. Cuis how 'or sean con to 'ocived." 