§f attics' Column. NOTES. Feathers ore more worn than ever. Bonnets are wont further forward than for merly. Capes composed entirely of ostrich feathers are worn. Black lace dresses are principally made of piece lace. Velvet dresses are made up often with mantles of the same. Velvet Tarn o' Shanter hats are exceedingly becoming to young girls. All the new bonnets are either made of velvet or plentifully trimmed with it. Quite the newest thing in brocade is a velvet ground with the brocade in satin. Diamonds are no longer set alone, but their beauty is enhanced by being Bet with other gems. Plosh is much in the ascendant, and many of the gowns have short mantles and bonnets of plush also. The fashion of draping now would seem to be plainness and length at the ^hk-^1 caught up high at the side. Some extremely handsome and expensive cloaks are seen bordered with skunk, and with a fringe of skunk tails. The majority of woollen stuff prepared for autumn gowns are decidedly dark in tone, lustreless, dull and subdued. The wide, rumpled sashes of soft silk, tied round the waist in a large bow, both for day and evening dresses, are noveL Always fashionable, and ever new in its many applications and designs, fur stands fore* most in the rank of winter modes. On the low or square cat bodice the lace berthe forms the tucker, or a very line plait ing of tulle oi tbe colour oi the bodice. IJew tailor-made jackets are quite short, with Btraight, round basques about six or ?even inches in depth. A few are made per fectly plain, but the majority are elaborately braided or trimmed with Astrakhan or mar about. The little velvet and plush mantlete. timmed with fur or very full niches of black lac*, reaching to the waist at the back, but with long ends in front, are very general for afternoon ff ntff**3*-! v 'i pntfl of all lriwti^ ruby being in the naj^*-T'dftntr. Woman has to wait until she is asked before she can. marry. She has no voice in the matter until after the ceremony. Then she knows how to make up for lost time. Tbe latest style of engagement ring repre sents a square lump of sugar of chased gold* with a heart beside it. Most girls woold rather have sweetheart spelt with a solitaire diamond. The Princess of Wales recently carried a bouquet made of purple Russian violets, Bhaped tike an open fan, with a big Jacque minot rose in the centre, with a golden hum ming-bird hovering over it. The bird was at tached to a fine spiral wire, and fluttered with the slightest movement of the royal hand. The Irish poplin trade is much gratified by orders received in Dublin from the Queen for several poplin dresses for the marriftge trous seau of Princess Beatrice. Tbe dresses selected are splendid specimens. One being expressly manufactured is ivory white in handsome Oriental design, interwoven with gold threads. Another is cardinal colour in the richest imperial quality, rivalling in ap pearance the best Lyons velvet, and there is a third in ad W«i, closely covered with sprays of forget-me-nots. It was an ancient custom for the sponsors at christenings to offer silver or pit spoons to a child. These were called ''apostles' spoons,' because the extremity of the handle was formed into the figure of one or other of the apostles. Such as were opulent and generous gave tie whole twelve ; those who were moderately rich or liberal escaped at the expense of the four evangelists, or even some times contented themselves with presenting one spoon only, which exhibited the figure of any saint, in honour of which the child re ceived its name. Lady Theodore Martin might have been seen the other evening intently watching, from a Lyceum stall, the latest impersonation of a Tolr in which she gained herself one of her earliest and greatest triumphs. On dU that the presence of the lady always spoken of by old playgoers as Helen Faocit, served to animate Miss Mary Anderson with un wonted fire. By the way. Lady Martin has, says Society, presented the dagger vhi^h she always used when playing the part to Miss Anderson, who is on very intimate terms with the favourite 'Juliet' of a bygone generation. 'A Polymorphous Fete' is the latest en tertainment which, it is said, has just been given in Paris by a well-known actress. The ball -room was, we read, transformed iutu a fcneral chamber, to harmonise with the character of the entertainment ; and the ] quests amused themselves by playing at 'iuhotits. Tin; gentlemen arrived in bpecti-c : attire ; and the ladies were deliriously j drcstii'd as phantoms ; coffins were liberally placed about the room, and roarni and amongst tlieai a game of hide-and-seek was ' cutuivd iuto with much zeal. Afterwards i then; was n. dance of a spectral description ; and to it succeeded a concert, in which the ! ghosts performed. As, however, notwith ' staudiug the phantom -like appearance of tlie ' ^uetitb, they gave evidence ol being flesh and Lluotl by an excellent appetite, the night's J fedtii-ities were brought to an end by a choice supper, served on coffins, piled up on one another to form a table. There is no more ham, perhaps, in playing at ghoeta with all these lugubrious eurroundinge than then u in playing at cards, or any other game. As a contemporary remarks, it is a matter of taste, and there is no accounting for tastes. Hut the entertainment in question can hardly be said to be a cheerful one. 