WHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN A TERRIBLE TRAGEDY. We have heard a good deal about what took place at the late Mayoral banquet iusidt the Town Hall, but have hitherto not been told anything of what occurred outside that monument of civic authority while the " wine and wassail ruled the generous board." Had a stranger by accident found his way ronnd the rear of the building near the dark corners and recesses popularly supposed to be the privileged haunts of the ghosts of deceased councillors, Corporation inspectors, and contractors, and who more particularly muster in strong force on such festive occasions, he would have seen no strange weird forms as might have been expected, but something more solid and more substantial clad in garments of dark hue surmounted by a generous Hibernian brogue and a tall highly-polished leather headpiece. He would have noticed what vigilant watch each of these six-foot myHteries maintained over any stray individoal who wandered within " coo-e-e" of the scene of revelry, and with what strict interrogation, and cross-examination they met the unfortunate, if he happened to come within range of their vocal artillery. In fact, these very opaque laprahorns" were Sergeant Detective Hayes and Sergeant O'Neill, with several subordinates. So much by the way of preface, now for a few plain facts. It appears that just prior to the celebration of the Mayoral banquet at the Town Hall, Sergeant Bell received an anonymous letter in which the writer threatened to blow up with dynamite the Town Hall, Cr McRae, and all bis guests, but more particularly the new Mayor, on whom his vengeance especially threatened. The Sergeant waited with the letter upon the Superintendent, who took the advice of the Chief Commissioner, who in turn gave instructions that a cordon of polioe should be placed around the Town Hall. Steps were taken accordingly and every person who entered the building by the rear was subjected to a close scrutiny. The waiters and caterer's attendants came in for special attention, and their hamperB and provision baskets were all closely inspected by the police—this probably proved a not unpleasant feature of the programme. Tbough no dynamite was discovered in any of them, numerous suspicious looking bottles, some of square pattern, and others with golden colored tops, were noticed, and these according to one of the guardians of the law, who is noted for his temperance proclivites and believed to be an expert on the subjcct, " were quoite as good as dinimite onyday, shore, and could kill at ony distance." Meanwhile " Unconscious of their (threatened) doom, The little victims play.' Indeed, considering the heavy cloud which was supposed to hover over {he roysterers, the shonts of laughter, the cheers, the clinking of glasses, the " hear hears " and hiccoughs which found their way through the open windows, appeared exceedingly ill timed. The banqaetters were truly fulfilling the old Greek mandate, " Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow (or rather to-night) ye die." But strange to relate, the terrible catastrophe did not " come off." It was about as great a fizzle as the usaal good thing for the Melbourne Cup. * There certainly were several explosions, but they were of a minor character, and generally attributed to that kind of " gold-topped dinimite " ieferred to so eloquently by our temperance friend. Suffice it to say that ail the guests betook themselves (or weae taken) safely to their homes, after a decidedly jolly time of it. But danger still threatens, as the day following the banquet, the Sergeant received a second anonymous communication, which stated that tbough the Town Hall, Cr M'Rae, and guests had not reached that altitude which the writer designed, he would still pursue bis project against the Mayor. Perhaps this disciple of O'Donovan Rossa does not know that if exposed and convicted, he is liable to fourteen- years' imprisonment under the Criminal Law and Practice Statute. We really think the police might, under the circumstances, give this individual a little of their valuable attention. 