POPULAR WATERING PLACES ' With holiday makers in soaroh of a clinnga of scene ret and fresh air, llio watering flares pleasantly situated on tho shores of 1'ort Phillip Bay are every year j;ro\vinc in popularity. A (rip to tho seaside has now heroine almost a necessity to a Iarje portion of the community, who seel: from tho ocean a renewal of the health and energy which they lose during a twelve months' close application to business. Tliero is a second class of fenaido frequenters — nnracly, those who have not time or opportunity to mako a protracted stay at any of tho easily reached watering places, bnt wlio dur ing the summer months snatch a day now and then from their work to make a trip in tho Lonsdale, tho Golden Crown, or any of tho other excursion steamers running down tho Bay. It needs no ghost back from tho gravo to tell us that no more pleasant and at tho same time healthful way could bo hit upon to lighten the hearts and minds of that body which composes the workaday world. Tho man, woman or child who ha3 visited Snapper Point, Dromana, Sorrento or Queenscliff, oven if only for a single day; who lias for a time left the city and its neTer ending work behind and shared iu what tho Poet Laureate calls tho "free sea laughter,"- feels like having stored up new life and tasted of ipiiet happiness that contrasts deeply with the nervous excitement, the heat, anil the discomfort attending some of the so-called oity amueomcnts. What advan tages, moral or physical, are derived from a holiday by tho man who spends hi3 hard earned day of rest at a bar, a billiard table, or in listlessly hanging about the streets V Tho probabilities ore that he will consume more bad tobacco, mixed with liquids and solids, than is good for him, and that instead of giving his system a thorough bracing up he has accomplished qnito tho opposite. Marine excursions, on tho other hand, are admittedly tho most exhilarating prescriptions that can he taken. Kature lias always proved herself a butter physician than man. And if the people would consult nature oflener, explore her secrets ou the mountain top, observe her beauties in valley or plain, listen to the music of her rivers or tho murmurings of her brook lets, or gaze on the desert of her ocean soli tudes, then that comparatively modern, highly prosperous, and, nlas ! fast increasing class — the doctors — would soon find its occupation gone. Marine excursions are tho cheapest of all forms of ontings, The steamers running to Porrt-nto for instance — a distance of about forty miles from Melbourne — carry passengers there and back for 6d. each, or at the rate of about Old. per mile. AVith locomotion at such an ahsurdlv low price, who would care to employ what is popularly known as Shanks' 3 pouy, the only other inexpensive but decidedly slov.'er mode of covering tho distance ? Be sides, a tramp round the watering places of the Bay is only good for the young and hardy. It is, however, by no means an un popular way with pedestrians of spending a holiday, Bnt tho water trip affords more panoramic views, and in the hot weather an afternoon idled away on board a steamer, cutting through the water at tho rate of 12 or 14 miles an hour, is always delightful. That hundreds concur in this conclusion is proved by tho generally crowded state of the excursion 'steamers which start daily from the Queoa's AVhurf, in Blinders-street, and the railway pier at Port Melbourne. In going to Snapper Point by steamer a fine bird's eye view is obtained oi tho city of Melbourne, of Brighton Beach and I'ienio Point. The south-eastern shore of the Bay is never out of sight, and affords abundant material for interesting observation if tbe excursionist cares to amuse himself iu finding out how the laud lies, aud where are its nume rous little bays and indentations. Alordinllac, nestling in a corner oi the Bay, as if playing at hide and seek with other settled points, can be easily discovered as the steamer glides onwards, and gradually draw3 closer to the small arm of land which is named Snapper Point, Tho surroundings of Snapper Point are de cidedly pretty. A number of picturesque looking marine villas have been erected in the locality, and the town itself is of considerable Bize, boasting several large and well appointed hotels, a post and telegraph office, an Athenmum stocked with a mode rate library, .several branches of bank ing institutions r.nd a court-liouse. In educational matters the town is no less for. tunatoly provided for, there being a State school, a boys' grammar school, and two es tablishments iu which young ladies are at once trained in tho art of plain sowing and all the accomplishments. It goes without saying that from an architectural point of view religion is not forgotten at this delightful watering place, and the Ciiuruli of England and Presbyterian denominations havo substan tial places of worship erected here. Hot tho least attractive parts of this town are the pastoral and agricultural sights to be seen in the hack country. The roads are well made and a number of pleasant drives avail able to the visitor who likas to sandwich his sea experiences between rural sights and scenes. There is also a commodious pier, which is a favorite lounge with holiday makers who for want of inclination to be otherwise employed, watch tho arrival aud departure of the steamer from this vantage point. Sea baths have also been pro vided, and there is likewise a small light placed upon the arm of land, so that Snappor Point might, in auctioneering phraseology, be described as po33e3sing all the advantages of a first class fashionable watering place. The visitor to Dromana has the choice of going from Snapper Point either by steamer or by road. There is a splendid road between the two towns, which are situated about twelve mile3 apart. If the steamer be preferred, a fine view is obtained of the shore, which is here of a bolder character than per haps any other part of tho Bay. After passing several picturesque indentations and nooks in tended by nature for picnic purposes, the small town of Dromana is seen reposing peacefully at tbe foot of a hill npon which the inappro priate but not iuelegaut name of Arthur's Seat has been bestowed. The oldest in habitant, or, what is perhaps the same thing, the oldest fisherman of the villago, " couldn't say, yer honor, why as they calls it Harter's Sit, 'cept it bo's called arter the skipper of tho Saucy Sal, who once lived in these here parts." There is only one street or line of houses in Dromana, and the most imposing build ings are the hotels. This is very natural at a watering place, where everybody wlio is somebody puts up at a fir3t class establish ment. The jetty is one of the finest in the Bay. It is 1400 feet long, and has beon turned into a kind of "block" by visitors, who promenade it at all times, but especially in the twilight, when indulging in sea musings and realising the post's experience that — The thoughts ye caunot stay with brazen chains K girl's hair lizlitlv bin Jv There is a Statu school, a mechanics' insti tute, and a telegraph office at Dromana, so it must not be imagined that civilisation has beon slow to reach this peacefully-situatuil seaside resort. Back from the shore the country is pretty well settled, and a drive to the farms is one of the inauy happy expedients resorted to fay visitors who find more pleasuro in always being on the move even when takiugit easy at tbe sea side. Alount Martha, abont four miles to the north-east of the town, can easily be ascended by those of an aspiring turn of mind ; or a drive of thirteen miles along a good read will briog you to .Sorrento, where the present Premier, tho Attorney- General and a number oi other prominent colonists occupy marine residences. Sorrento has two large hotels, built of limestone, and these buildings are very conspicuous, partly on account of their style of architecture and the white stone of which they are constructed There is excellent bathing accommodation here, and a fine pier ; also a public reading- room, and that bane whicb no business man can escape — a telegraph station. Sorrento is especially a favorite resort for picnic parties, and half nn hour's easy climb over tile high ridge — that is a kind of backbone sepa rating Sorrento from the back beach — gives a fine glimpso of tho ocean. The general visitor, however, reaches Sorrento by tho steamer running down the Bay via Queenscliff. In the snmmer season tho com munication with the metropolis by this route is daily. Lieutenant- Colonel Collins, when sent out from England in 1803 in H.AL ship Calcutta, 1200 tons, to form a convict settlement on the shores ot Port Phillip, landed in that prrt of the Bay now known as Sorrento. No water was found, and the expedition left for Tasmania. Collins, in an official despatch, alluded to Port Phillip Buy in these ttnpro- plieiic terms : — " When all tho disadvantages attending this bay are publicly known it can not be supposed that commercial people will be very desirous of visiting it." The " com mercial people" settled in the bay at present are now a pretty numerous family, aud if poor Collins could only see Sorrento when overrun by people, who have a rollicking old time of it picknicking on the Band, he would open his eyes very wide indeed. But the fashionable watering place par excellence of Victoria is Queonscliff. Thero are many reasons why this should be tlmB. First and foremost on account of it3 locality. It is situated at tho mouth of the Bay, and, therefore, all the shipping of the port passes in stately review before its very front door, so to rpeak. It has the fur ther attractions of a couple of lighthouses and extensive fortifications, with its 300- pounder guns for exploration by the curious. Then there are the batteries at Swan Island and Point Nepesn within easy rench in any small pleasuro boat ; there is Buckley's Cave to explore, and a re cital of its thrilling horror3 to be listened to ; Point Lonsdale to be visited, from which the foamy billows rolling in the ocean might bo watched, while the old salt, who is your guide, points out tho Barwon heads and the reef on which so many vessels have Btruck and shattered themselves to splinters. There is also a fine beach, upon which happy childhood builds its house of Baud, and equally happy youth displays its light and susceptiblo heart ; where coy and gushing maidens practice all tho wiles of their linlf sisters, the mermaids, and where tho good mother comes to watch over her brood df chickens ; where tbe poli tician strengthens his lungs by fighting anew the old wordy battles, or perhaps extends his mental vision by Cazinz out -uncart on the crimson isle?, Sown in llio soft Imzo r.I tho snmmer deep, dreaming of the great Australian nation to be located iu tho future in the South Sea3 if only Lord Derby could be knocked on the head. Qneenscliff, when the season is at his height, is as much a place where the latest fashions arc to hoseen as the block in Collins-street. It is a gay life that tho fortunate visitor leads who can command tho requisite quantity of "mint, sauce," as Alautalini puts it, to last him through a month's holiday at the 'Cliff, luxuriating in sun baths and sea baths, carpet dances nt the Grand Hotel and flirtations with the mermaids on the jetty, jauntings to the lions of the place by daylight and boating picnics by moonlight, fresh aic before break fast aud champagne aftor supper, witli music, laughter aud good appetite every where. Queensclitr, moreover, is a borough possessed of a mayor and a town clerk too, and has well laid out streets, which are carsiully looked after. In the matter of hotel accommodation there is no watering place south of the line better provided. The largest and most attrac tive of these establishments are the Grand Hotel and Bailleau's. The Hoyal, A'ictoria, Commercial and a score of other houses havo equally good reputations, and afford ample accommodation for tho crowds whicb make Queonscliff their annual ren dezvous. A\Tholo families find themselves each year located at this fashionable watering place in some one or other of the many furnished rilla3 procurable in any quarter of tho town. The latest building attraction is nn extensive mansion erected at the expense of a wealthy brewer for the accommodation of overworked clergy men, who are entitled beneath its rouf to what, every true Briton longs for but eanuot always obtain— viz., good fare and good rest without his conscience being troubled ' as to who will "pay tho piper." Thero are also several places of public worship in the town worthy of in spection, and for its internal decorations the Anglican church of St. George is accredited with baing snperior to any other churoli in the colony, Tbe local mechanics' institute possesses a library composed of several thousand volumes, and the town also enjoys railway ac commodation, has a postal delivery and a public park. 