AT WHAT A COST. I By the late HUGH CONWAY. I Author of " Called Back," " Dark I Days," Etc. It was late at night. The fire had gradually settled down until it became a steady glowing mass of red, giving plenty of heat bat tittle flame. The shaded lamp from the edge of the table threw a circle of light, widening until it reached the floor, where it lay, a luminous disk, and left al outside in sombre gloom. The room was evidently a library, as tall cases of bonks loomed from each wall, and the massive table in the centre was strewn with pamph lets and writing materials. On a low chair, near the fire, partly in light and partly in darkness, sat a woman. She might have been about forty-five years of age, and was ! still beautiful. Her hands, with the fingers interlaced, rested upon her lap, and her head leant, wearily, against the side of the mantelpiece. Her attitude, even without the recent traces of tears upon her face, betokened extreme grief. Well, indeed, might she grieve, for in the I room above her lay a dead man — her hus- I band. She had bade her household leave her and retire to rest, and hoar after hour sounded as she sat by the fire and mourned in solitude. True, the man who had died that day had not been ber first love ; not the one she had once hoped was destined to liok his lot with hers. She had married him for esteem, friendship, respect, and many other admir able reasons ; but her heart was with one j who had died many years ago. Yet they had been man and wife for twenty years, and his unwavering love, his kindness, the homage be had ever paid her, had earned, as with a woman they ever must, their re ward ; and as with sorrowful eyes she gazed into the fire, and lived again those twenty placid years, she felt that Death had that day decreed a "void in her life which would never again be filled. And yet the dead man had not been the most cheerful companiou to a woman in the prime of health and beauty. He was ever sad, at times gloomy ; but no harsh words tu her had ever crossed his lips even in his most dreary moods. He had lived a fair and noble life, doing in a quiet, secret way much good in the place his life was spent ; good, the extent of which she, perhaps, only knew. And as she thought of these things and of the poor white face upstairs, another flood of tears came to her relief- She would see it once more to-night ; and by the side of that motionless form kneel down and say, " If I have not loved you as your heart wished, I have done all that I could ; all that I promised." With this intention she rose from her seat, and rising, an object on the mantelpiece attracted her attention. It was a small key. ; and that morning, even as he died, her husband, with feeb'e fingers, had placed it in h6r hand, whispering, with a yearning look on his wan face, ' Head and forgive." In the agitation of that terrible hour she had taken little notice of those mysterious words—the last, indeed, he spoke— but now she remembered them and felt there was something he wished her to know. The key, she was aware, gave access to a secretaire in which her husband kept his private papers. She raised the shade from the lamp, ana its light, hitherto concen trated, spread over and illuminated the voorn, in one corner of which stood a black walnut bureau with antique brass handles. She opened it, and after a few moments' search found what she knew intuitively was the document designed for her perusal. It was a bulky packet, sealed and addressed, < For my wife. Private.' Wondering, even in her grief, what its contents could possibly be, and why the instructions to read it were coupled with that piteous appeal for forgiveness, she returned to her former seat, and after adjusting the light broke orvm the seals and I commenced the perusal of the manuscript. | Womanlike, she turned over several pages | rapidly as if to catch some idea of the general tenour of the revelation, and as in the cursory glance she took she saw one flatfie, a well-known name, written fre quently, a feeling of fear thrilled her, and with alow cry of pain and horror she set her lips firmly and with eager eyes devoured the closely-written lines. The message from the man who lay dead ran thus : — | « My Wife, — When you read this I shall be j dead, and you will, I have little doubt, be still in the prime of womanhood. Whether- the love I have ever borne you ; whether the remembrance of those years spent, at least happily, under this roof together, will enable you after reading this to think of me without cursing my name, I know not. Yet, I dare not die and make no sign. I dare not let the grave cover the secret which is fretting my life out— which has twined for years around my heart like a snake, and which will at last still its beat ing— a secret that even you in your wildest dreams never suspected. As you read these pges you will weep, but not for me. You will cilt for one who can never return, but the name you utter will not be mine. Widowed though you be, it is not your husband you will mourn. Yet when this is written my mind will bs more at ease, although I know the confession which may lighten my remorse a little lays a heavy burden on you. At least forgive me this. How shall I begin ? As I sit here to- night, a prematurely aged man, I look back through the long years — so long, so weary 1 to me — and see myself io this same room, j a young man of tweny- five, with all that j could make life pleasant at my command. Riches and friends — youth and health — and, as I fondly hoped at that time, love, J that sooner or later, would be mine. Here I sat, I remember, one winter's evening, with my favourite companions even then, my books. Was I reading, or was I dream ing of what might bs ? I know not. My servant entered and handed me a card—' Mr Gerald Gordon" — I shall feel, even in my grave, your heart throb as ycu read that name — Gerald Gordon had been one of my earliest and dearest friends ; and, if lost sight of for some years, never for gotten. I was delighted to find him under my roofr and hasted to greet him. He had prospered in the world, both having made and inherited money, and had recently re turned to England after some years' profit able work abroad. Affairs had called him t.n mv neighbourhood, and upon his return journey he had come a little out of his way I to pay me a visit for the sake of old times. We were unfeignedly glad to meet, and, as our bands clasped, many recollections of ! happy, boyish days rose between us, and the pressing invitation I gave him to stay some time with me was accepted as freely and heartily as it was given. For you, Gertrude, least of all, need I paint his portrait ; but well I remember, as he sat with me that night, looking at his 'handsome face with those straight, clear cut features, bronzed by the southern sun ; his crisp brown ha'r and stalwart, manly frame, and thinking one of the greatest gifts, after all, was personal appearance. Our conversation after so long a separa tion naturally consisted of questions and answers of a personal nature, and I soon asked him— " Have you met your fate yet, Gerald?" "Been in love. I suppose you mean?" he replied, laughing. " Well, you see, I I have just come from parts where a fellow j must make love, or pretend to, to get along I at all ; but I cannot plead guilty to any grand passion as yet." j But bow about you ?" he continued. Have any bright rustic eyes come between you and your books ?" Fool that I was, not to open my heart to bim then and there ! Not to tell him I thought of one woman" only ! Yet I was j shy and proud. I could not even say that i my love was viewed favourably. A withered flower, given half in jest— do yon remember it ? A little preference, it might be, over my rivals, and that bestowed for the sake of friendship, not love— this was all I had to show in return for the love I had given, and which I knew must ever give, through life. So I laughed as he questioned me and answered as in jest. " I am heartwhole as you, Gerald, and certaioly invulnerable against the attacks of rustic maidens hereabouts." "I hoped and expected to be introouced to your future wife, in the person of the only daughter of some neighbouring squire ; and would have done you a good turn by j sounding your praises whilst I admired his fat. oxen." " Well, I will present you to all the eligible daughters hereabout, and you can praise their papas' oxen on your own ac count." Thank you — although, seriously, I am tired of living alone and want a wife ard a home ; so I am quite ready to meet my fate wben and wherever she appears." I do not hesitate, my wife, to record these J trivial words, for I know they will seem j to you as sweet echoes of a long stilled I voice. ' j Gordon and I sat talking nearly all that j night, and parted at last, each happy to find the other's friendship the same as of old. Tha next day, with little regret, I tossed my books aside and did all in my power to make my guest's visit a pleasant one to him, We shot, drove, and rode together, and the short wiutry days seemed ever shorter with my light-hearted friend at my side. I took | him to visit all my friends, save one ; I need scarcely say the reason for that omission. Too well I knew that, had I been a girl, Gerald Gordon was the man who might have won my heart had he chosen. Too well I knew that if the eyes of love enhanced, they did not imagine your charms, and that his interest, at least, could scarcely fail to be aroused. So I dreaded to bring about a meeting between him and you. It came at last. I would have shunned that gathering could I have found a decent pretext, but tbe whole 1 countryside were bidden to that ball and my absence from it would have been remarked. Besides, Gerald would have gone anyway. He was very merry as we drove over, at the expense of the imaginary persons we should meet ; bat I said nothing. The moment- we entered tbe room I saw his eyes fall upon you. I saw his look of surprise, of admiration, as he comprehended your regal beauty at one glance, and before the evening was over I felt that what I dreaded was afoot, and that my friend would probably be my rival. If . his attentions to yon that evening were no more than man knight properly pay to the most attractive woman in the assemblage, they were suffi cient to make me feel the worst. - Even as I write this I can see his tall figure bending | over you, and hear him whispering words, | which, spoken with the easy, sell confident manners of a man of the world, I knew in tuitively must have been sweet to any young girl's ears. At lasr, that night, gay and enjoyable to all save me, ended. You bad departed, and a ter that it needed little persuasion on my I part to draw Gerald from the scene. We I started on our drive home, with the stars j shining pure and clear through tbe frosty J skies. I was sullen and unhappy ; my com- I panion brimful of curiosity to learn all I I could tell him concerning his late partner, j " Lb Miss Howard a friend of yours ? ' was I his first question. i " I have known her some years. Do you I admire her ? Although £ need scarcely ask,", I I added bitterly. I " Admire her ! I should think so. I have seen some of the most beautiful j women in the world, but ne/er one lad- j mired more. She was not very well I dressed, of course, but that is only a milli ner's business." So he talked on and on as we drove that six miles of road, and my heart sank within me, and I cursed the friendship which had led him to visit me and induced me to press him to prolong hi3 stay. He spoke of nothing but you, ringing your praises in | various keys, until I relapsed iato a sort of moody silence, or only. answered his eulo gistic remarks by monosyllables. Probably he noticed my changed manner, as on reaching home he said — I " You are awfully tired, I can see, Philip ; so I will be merciful to night and not keep you up for another cigar. Good night." Whether he kept me up or not it mattered nothing. Weary as I truly was, there was little sleep for me that night. When we met the next morning it was the same a&rain; : vour image clearly was before his eyes. Although he spoke jestingly of the havoc you had wrought, I knew that more than jest lay under that laughing exterior ; that the impression you had made was no transient one, I tried to hide my feelings, and to answer his playful remarks in the like vein, but my efforts were of little use. I felt that his keen eye detected j something amiss with me. He looked inquisitive, but said nothing for a while, After breakfast, as we were discussing our plans for the day, he asked — " Would it not be politeness to ride over and inquire how Miss Howard iB after last night's dissipation ?" I started, and answered, " If you wish it particularly we will do so and as I forced the words, my voice sounded strange and I felt that the colour had left my cheek. I The manner of my assent mast, I suppose, I have strengthened any suspicion he already I felt as to the true state of the case with me, I for he crossed the room, placed his hands on my shoulders, and with his bright, search- J ing eyes looked deep into mine. 1 " Tell me truly, Philip— truly, mind— is there anything like love between you two ?" j Even then I might have told him, but I I was too proud to say 1 loved without love 1 in return. Too proud to throw myself on his mercy, as it seemed to me such a con- j fession must ; so I met his eyes without j quailing, and answered firmly — 1 " There is no love between us." J « But you do love her ?" persisted Gerald. " I admire her for her great beauty ; that is all." And even as I told the lie, I saw that he believed what he wished to believe, and I knew that my fate was sealed. | " Then let us go." he said, quieily, as he moved his hands from my shoulders. We rode over to your home ; we saw you, and my jealous eyes detected a faint blush and look of pleasure on your face as you I greeted us — a blush aud a look such as my coming alone had never yet called forth. Gertrude, it is for you, not for me, to picture the events of the next few days. Sick at heart, I pleaded indisposition and returned to my books ; sacrificing polite ness, I left Gorden free to follow bis own devices. Well di I know whither his steps turned every day, and clearly eould I re«d in the brightened expression of his ever bright face how well the suit he waB urging prospered. So much so, that it was with a feeling of dull despair, not surprise, i I listened when one night he told me you hnii nnnsented to be his wife. Loverlike he sat, hour after hour, dilating upon the per fections of the prize he had won, and revelling in his visions of future happi ness And I, who loved you as I believe no man ever yet loved woman, suffered torture on the rack of his rapture \ I had to listen to yonr praises from the lips of the one whom I had now almost brought myself to believe had robbed me of all%I longed for in the world. And there was to be no delay — no respite for me. He was wealthy, so what was there to wait for ? Within three months' time you were to be married. " How I blesB the day Lcame to see you, old fellow 1" he cried once, in the effusion of his joy. " Now you shall complete your kindness by letting me stay with you until the happy time. Of course I must go away i for a bit to see about a bouse and that sort of thing, but I mean to be here as much as I can." If I had followed my true impulse as he spoke, I should have cursed him and bade him begone ; but I was forced to restrain I myself and tell him how welcome he was to j make my house his home as long as it j pleased him. Yet I felt I dare not stay 1 myself and witness hia happiness. That J night, as I lay in Led, casting about for an I ocqse plausible enough to enable me to leave my goest alone for the next month or two, I knew that in the depths of my heart I hated Gerald Gordon — I hated bim as the one who had stolen my life's hope from me — I hated him for his animal spirits, his good looks, his power cf pleasing and win ning the affection of man, woman . or child ; so different from me — I even hated him because I knew you would be happy with : him, for he had all the qualities to make a borne happy — I hated bim as Cain hated Abel, and for the same reason ; had not hia offering been accepted and mine rejected ? And several d#ys passed by ; each day the tortures I endured seemed greater ; each day my hatred grew more intense. In a feverish sort of way I forced myself to laugh and jest, and Gordon, with a lover's selfishness, never noticed now how un natural my manner was, or guessed how, by this time, I detested the sound of his voice, the clear ring of his laugh, or even his very presence. " One thing pleases me more than I can | say," he placidly remarked one evening. It is that what I once believed to be a fact was only a creation of my own brain, I was afraid I might be the rival of my old friend ! but Gertrude herself assures me I the only feeling that ever existed between 1 you two was one of pure friendship. So I am happier knowing you will dance at my I wedding with alight heart." Dance at hia wedding ! I would rathar I dance on my mother's grave ! . Gertrude, my wife, there is one day in every year which is solemn and sad to both of us. A day when the choicest flowers are laid on a tomb, now growing grey with time. A day, many hours of which you spend alone, holding a lock of hair and gazing on a miniature. And yet, if the love you bore another man is strong in your heart, upon that day you have ever seemed to draw closer to me than at other times. As your eyes, sad with unfergotten sorrow, meet mine, you think, " Our grief is from the same source — mine for love and his for friendship." And with one memory between us I know for the moment your heart grows nearer to mine, and I realise what life might have been could your love have crowned it. Read now the truth aud j hate me. That day was the first for a long time I had spent alone with Gerald Gordon. You were away on a visit to some friends at a distance. The weather was fine, though wintry, and as I felt I could not endure f.hfl Inner hours indoore. in the society of the man I hated, I suggested taking our guns and walking down to the ooast in the hope of shooting some ducks. Gordon leapt at the idea. I shall be glad to do a bit of hard walking," he said, " for three weeks I have only been love making, and that isn't much exercise. I fancy my muscles must be growing soft from want ofuEing." As he spoke he held out an arm like an iron bar for me to feel. An hour's walk brought us to the coast ; j you know it well. For tbe distance of, perhaps, two miles, runs a turf covered, almost perpendicular cliff ; then it shelves away gradually, and one can easily get down to the water's edge. Here was our destination. We intended to walk along the edge of the sea, shooting anything worth powder and shot. The tide, when high, lashes the foot of the coast cliff ; when low, it leaves a strip of sand uncovered. The rock of which the cliff is composed is of crumbling, unstable chalk, and has the habit of getting hollowed out under the suiface, leaving green cushions, firm enough in appearance, but apt to break away as the unwary foot presses them. A dangerous cliff it is, from the edge of which one shrinks instinctively. We walked briskly aloDg the green sward ; I was some paces in front of Gordon, not being much in the humour to listen to bis inevitable rhapsodies on the one theme. As he followed I could hear him singing a love song. It was Mexican, I believe, and picked up somewhere on his travels. Though the language was strange to me the words sounded soft and musical, and the repetition of the passionate refrain almost maddened me, so well did I know to whom it was directed. Suddenly, the melody of the song changed to a sharp cry of despair — a cry that went through me like a knife— and, as I turned hastily round, the rent at the edge of the treacher ous green sward told its tale, even before I heard the horrible, hopeless, dull thud on the sand below. Believe me, when I say, at that moment all thought of hatred and envy left me. Horror stricken, I threw myself at full length on the vrass and crept to the edge of the cliff, looking for what I dreaded to see — his mangled body. The cliff at this spot overhung even more than usual, and it was with a feeling of hope I saw that Gordon had fallen clear of the rock and lay upon the sand. He was lying almost in a heao. and must have sustained fearfnl injuries; but dead he was not, for I saw him, after making a few jiteous straggles, succeed in turning his face towards me. " Gerald," I cried, M are you much hurt ? For God's sake try and answer me." A faint voice — the ghost of his former voice— replied, 'I have broken ®ne tfrm, and, I think, my thigh. Can you come down to me?" " I cannot," I said, " without going along the coast for a mile or more. I am going now to get ropes and help. Try and bear up till I return. And then, leaving my gun, to mark the spot where he fell, I turned, and swiftly as I could, commenced, running across country I knew the part well, The nearest house was at least two miles away « so the pcor fellow must lie in agony for some time before I could bring him the indispensable aid. With the remembrance of that helpless form lying on the before me, my thoughts were only how to rescue him with as little loss of time as possible, and for the first five minutes I nm at the top of my speed. Sheer exhaustion then compelled me to pause and dnjw breath, and as Imoderatedmy paeethe awful thought for the first tune came to me. The tide! thi tldof 1 quarters flood— that Hotdto was lying very near to the edge of the water, and I knew If I could not beer him aid before the sea covered that narrow strip of sand he was a dead man. And then the tempktion began. Let no man say there is no devil, for I tell yon in. that moment the devil was with me. He brought your form with all its beauty before me ; yes, and with love for me shining in. your eyes. He shaped the thought in my mind, " it is .for her, who might love you, you are saving him. Is she not worth the sin?" And as the tempter prompted me, I said to myself, " One half- hour's delay ; a reBt by the way ; a fancied inability to proceed further ; a mirtake — so easy to make — in the road, and you were free once more and might yet be mine. The price was crime — I038 of honour, of self respect, and all peace of mind ; but, you might be mine, and what price was too heavy to pay for that ?" And as thought after thought, each like a devil from hell, came to me I leant against a gate ; know ing as I did so that every moment I lingered risked a man's life. The sudden temptation, the commencement of the crime, the consequences to follow, the shame I felt, even then, bewildered me, and for a time I was beside myself. I seemed In a dream ; all argund me was unreal ; the' air seemed full of horrible forms and sounds. How long I waited motionless I cannot tell — would that I knew ! — it might have been moments, minutes, or hours. At last it seemed as though I woke, and as I turned and ran like one pursued by wolves, I fancied I heard the words, " Top late J too late !" shrieked after me in fiendish g'ee. As I ran, I believe I even ceased to ; think, and fell utterly exhausted at the door of the farmhouse, to which I mechani cally directed my steps. In broken sen tences I told my tale — I begged the men to hurry down with the ropes — I offered large rewards should they reach the coast in time to avert what I now shuddered to think might happen. They started with all pos sible despatch, and as soon as my strength returned I followed. Gertrude, how can I pen the rest ? I reached the fatal spot just as the men from the farm lowered one of their party over the edge of the cliff, and, as sick and dizzy I leant over, I saw beneath me the cruel waves dashing a dark form against the crueller rocks, and as one of the men turned to me and said, " Poor chap ! If we had been a quarter of an hoar \- before we might have saved him," I kn- w that in the eye of God I wa3 as much a murderer as the ruffian who drives his knife through the heart of his victim. Little wonder was it, as they bore his nerveless form to the top of the cliff ; as I saw that pale face, stained here and there with blood ; the blue eyes yet open, and as I almost fancied seeking my own, that I fell as one dead upon the grass aud was borne away unconscious as the man I had foally slain. hat more remains to be said ? You know the rest — how the illness that fol lowed was attributed to the shock I had undergone and the exertions I had used to save my friend. How people praised my presence of mind in at once starting for assistance. How you — even you — wrote kind words to me— words that out my heart like knives. Yet no one knew that with me night and day was the face of the dead, as I saw it ere I fell sense less on the cliff ; that ever in my dreams I was running, it seemed to be from an image of you, and that fearful things were striving to stop me. Ho one knew how often I went to the spot where Gordon fell, and timed, as nearly as I could, toe rising waters, to ascertain if it were possible for a man to have compassed the distance and brought aid in time to save him. Alas, I only learnt I was a murderer in act as well as thought ! I gained the prize that tempted me— but, at what a cost. When, after some years, you gave me your hand, I knew your heart could never be mine, " but lay in Gerald's grave ; I knew that t he thing which last induced you to accede to my repeated request was more the love you fancied I bore him than the love you felt for me. And so, at the price of a life's remorse, I won a woman whose love, in life, could never be mine, and who, after death, must hate my memory. Ah, Gerald Gordon, slain by the waves at the bidding of your friend, just as the supreme joy of life was yours ; your lot, af;er all, was happier than mine ! As she read the last words Gertrude Blake dropptd the manuscript, and burying her face in her hands, cried, "Oh, why did he tell me ? Why did he tell me? This is the worst of all to bear. Thank God I have ):o children in whose faces I may see mur derer written." Then, with bitter grief and hatred in her heart, she sat on and on through the weary night. And ever before her was the image of Gerald Gordon, with the hungry waters creeping round him, his poor maimed limb? battling in vain struggles to keep his life until the delayed help arrived. And her face was stern and cold as si)p pictured it. If her husband's hopes of heaven rested on her forgiveness,, she felt she could not bring her lips to frame the words. She could scarcely credit the tale she had read, at times she fancied it must have been in a great part imagination. But bis face, ever sad, even when others were gayest, came again and again to her mind, and she felt that strange sadness stamped the con fession with truth. Yet in ail else he had been so noble, both in thought and in deed. He had loved her so ; an i now with his dreary secret bared before her, even through the bitterness of her mind passed tke know ledge that he had been leading not only a life of remorse, but also of atonement, and as she grew more calm she fell at last into a troubled- sleep .with wet tears upon her \- lashes, And, as she slept shft, dreamed. They stood before her, she thought ; her first and onlv laveV Goraldnd her husband. The bt''"er yiht the careworn i prematurely oM the y«OT, bat yoong, g»y. and as when he rode with Gerald to at morning in the winter. . There sadness In his eyes now, and GerMs HjBBBS'Wna round his neck Sweet ' _ V BpF he heard him whisper, see, I have tor- BP „ -MF ' f given — cannot you likewise?" And then, striving to speak, she awoke. With the dream yet lingering in her memcry, she rose, and tearing the manu script to shreds, threw it upon tike smoulder ing tire. When every vestige of paper Was consumed she sought her room, but, as she passed the chamber of death, entered, and, bending over the pale, cold, placid face, kissed it, whispering-—" I forgive, as I hope to be forgiven." 