A Vondeean 'Victim. The Terrible Sacrifice of a Sister for her Brother's Life. Tjikee wotnon were watching an approach ing storm from their oozy aitting-room in tho Custlo of Theix. When olear, ono oould view from its win. lows the whole Bay of Morbihan, on the south s-iJe of Bretagne. But now the Bky was covored with lowering olouds, and the shades of evening were fulling fast. The sultry atmosphere thickened ; bier rain-droDa oama splashing down, aud forked lightning danoed on tho white orested waves. The storm that hr.d toon brooding all tho afternoon broke in reiil earnest. One of t.howatohers,a young girl, abandoned her p'jat of observation, exclaiming : ' What a terrible Htorm we shall have !' Deep sighs esoaped tho lipa of the other two, the elder one saying: ' Where is our poor Paul to- night?' She was interrupted by an old eorvant bring ing in lights. Thoy sat down at tho table, eaoh ono seemingly busying herself with some needlework. Ona of tho girls, suddenly look ing, up fraraher work, saw that hor mother's eyes were filled with tears. Sho flung her arms passionately around her neok, saying tenderly : 'Be oomforted; Panl will return. Pate will not be ao oruel aa to rob you of your son, Louise of her betrothed, and mo of my brother. Why should we bo alarmed ? So far wo have reoeived no bad newd.' ' 'Cib the Bilonon. Mario, that is so torrible. For threo long months we have heard nothing, absolutely nothing. This suspense could drive ouo mad. O God, where is my darling son ! Is ho niok, wounded, imprisoned ? ' Bho did not darn to pronounce tho word that would destroy all hor hopes. Hario's thoughts flew to the bloody battle fields, whewi the defenders of the kingdom wore fiufhting ivgciinst the victorious repuHio ; to tho gloomy prisons, where they awaitedj dannt le?sly, their death ; to the fores-B and ravines, whoro they hid from their pursuera. Thero might be hor brother, the last descendant of a brave an'1, noble family, the only hope of her aged mother. lludamo de Turgis, wb.3 was living with lier daughter and n:.eoe in the Custln of Theix, had miraculously escaped from the persecution which «ad bofallou at that timo, not only tho nobles, but all that were loyal to their king. Until now uhe had lived in peace, although her son had taken an active part in theso struggles. But what alarming f ears, what anxiety for the absent ono, proscribed and pursued ! ' Bnt thato foara had to bo hidden, for in those dny.s no ono ooul 1 be trustod. Friends ? and servants were suspected, nil could become traitors. Only among themselves could they unburden their hearts, bewail tho stato of their country, aposk of tho atrooitio3 committed,' and hope for tho day when all this would be ended. Madame de Tnrgia possessor! ono trua friend. I- was thoir old servant, Honri. Eo loved hia mintreso do.isly, and would have sacrificed Mb life for her He was tho only one they trusted. The uloclr. struck nine. Honri appeared and set tha table for thoir simple supper. While he was-thus employed, Mmo. do Turgia asked him if he had henrd «ny news. 'Nuno, my lady. Yves, tho fisherman, has told mo i hat the fato of thoso poor prisoners haa not yet beeu decided.' * 'Tho poor soldiers! What will be their fate?.' asked Louieo. ' Thnv undoubtedly will be mexdorad,' ro r.liod Marie. 'If only Paul- ? ' Sho stopped abruptly. JOid ho nocompany Charettt , who still was fighting victoriously ? Had ho joined Sombreuil, or had he succeeded in leaving Pranoo? Vain quostiona ! They knew nothing and dared not ask. Henri hud juat nerved soup when. the bell rang. Tho joyous bavlcing of a dog was hea7d. 'That is my brother !' oried«Marie, in glad. surprise. Honri disappeared with lights. Deep '?ilonoo reigned, only interrupted now.and then by. a pesl of thunder. A quiok step was hfinrd-, the door opened nnd a young man stepped1 into the room, exolainurlg : ? ' At last ! at last !' He clasped his mother and ' sistor to his breasfc. Then Louite ntoppad forward. Hb ?hold out his arms to her, and had foldod hrr m a forvont embrace. Madame de Turgw -was neurly distraotvd with joy : her. Bin was onoo morn with ier. She ordered Henri to barrionde all entrances to tho oaHtle, eo ns to guard them .from every surprise. All her feura were now allayed Sho had only one thought : he is hore, ha is saved !: * * ? ? »P * * ? ' So you will take part in tho coming oam~ paignf' Madame do Tnrgis aakod at length, after- they hud oonversodifor some tamo. '? Ton, iloar mother,'' Raid he, ' AU tho sniTivortt of General Oharette'o iollowois, of w5snm I urn odo, had' united with the foroe utviio? Sombraul's command. Some oi our Bofdiors held Fovt Penbhiovro; on. tho Peainsi^ oif Quiboron. Thn oonteat at tho foot of tho fort la-teJ four dnya. Nothing had boon da ftifli.-cl. nuiil wo wora betrayed most trofiohs* mrJy. Our troops were faocd- on one eide, by tho Kea, on tho othor siilo by tha ooluinna of thn ivpublioan arrcjj-, v/hioh auvanood; rapidly. Whut a hoiTiblo oight, thi-- doiperato human inn=s, wlioie only choice wit* either the enoiny's bivydiiets or tho xonring -waves. The English fltot which had Imded us rr.a'ie no. attempt to assist ub. Homo, furious at tho double treason, plunged their swords into their breasts, whilo othow blindfoliitd their iowen and precipitated thomsolves into, tho waves,' 'But you -you, roy son, how did you ejoapef 'Our division eovored the landing.p!a-;o. 'Wo sought to dufond our brethren. 9oin9 boata wore Kent by the fleet, but too Inte. Only few oonld ro»ch them. Wo fought ns long as wo oould. Our roaouo was imposfiblo, wo wnrii oomp^llod to surrendor. S. mbreuil offcroil his 1 fo for his soldier*. His mignatii uioui offer w.ia not uccept»d. Wo wera sur rounded no all sidos. bron;jlit to Auroy, mid thrown into tho prison. A fow of us could o=-onpo in tbn gi-.-noral tumult.' 'Thank God you esoaped ! ' Paul nodded assoutingly. 'Will theso unhappy men bo flaorifioefl ? '' asked Louiee. . , 'TJndoubtodly.' ' Notwithstandinjf their snrrcnderP' ox oinimed Sla io. 'Hojho would roepoot it,' answered Paul. ' But there is Tftllion. Away with those sad remembrance?. How hippy I am to bo with you again ?' ' And you shall not leave us,' B»id Madamo do CTurgis, warmly. 'If noces3ary, wo will hide yon, so that you oan not bo found, ovon if a whole onny carao to look for y;-u. Itia to be hoped that better time? vtill como. Tlio goneral opinion in that j;omo will soon bo do olarod. Then tho wish of my lieart will bo fulfilled.' She glanced meaningly at Paul and Loniaoy tho warn blood rushing to tbo oheoka of tho latter. ''Wo will liro unitod in this apot. wharo your father and I have spent so many napp7 cuiyu. Paul mado a» attempt to smile, buS tho ex pression of pain that flittsd over hia foatur. s did not escape hirt sister'a oyca. Ho kissed' his mother' hand, saying : ' If your happiness depfnffi) on me ? ' 'Only on you, my son. Therefore bo careful, then ovory thing will bo- well. But you aro tired, and drenohod by the rain, nnd it it) already 1 1. Notwithstanding the joy I feol at seeing yo:t, I would net rob you of your sleep. To-morrow, my child, wo will eeo eaoh other again.' Tho young man seemed to obey unwillingly. He paced tho room several timea, looked at the pioturo8and furniture which he ha&'not seen since he was a ohild. Ha bent over Louiso'u work. 'Is this forme, dearest?' he asked. 'Yea,' she answered; 'mother and Marie have nlao worked for yon.' ' Sly dear Marie,' said Pool. Ho turned toward his Bistar, exchanging a look of deep sympathy with her. Had she seen aright, or was it only a deliriusn ? She thought his eyes were moist. He suddenly stepped up to his mother and kissed her good-night. Ho embraced Louiso and Mario most fervently, and quiokly left the room aa though through a forcible resolve. Madame de Turgia and Louise also retired to their rooms while Mario remained to attend to some trivial matter. Insupportable thoughts' ? orowded upon hor. What was tho horrible fear that olutched her heart— that stopped her breath ? Waa hor brother in danger ? Sho slowly aeoended the staira leading to her room. Having arrived there, she longed to see Paul' once more. She stepped out on tho 'balcony and softly approached his windows. The curtains were drawn baok Her brother knelt besida his bed. His hands were olasped above hia head, as if uttering a passionate prayer. Marie listened intently ; she heard deep-drawn sods. At last no raised nimself ; his faeo was deadly pale. He set a small alarm clock, and plaoad it on the table. His sister did not dare to disturb him. Bho re turned to her room As doon a9 she had entered there was a knock at her door, and Herri, tho old servant, appeared. ' ' What ia the matter f What haa happened to my brother?' she aaked, with half-Btifled voice. 'Oh, mademoiselle, you alone oan save him ; you alone oan keep him from going ; you — so dearie loved ' ? ' What is it ? Speak, Henri !' ' ' He will be shot to-morrow if yon do not prevent it. The prisoners in Auray were sen tenced to- day; to-morrow at daybroak thoy will bo Bhot at Vannea.' ' And my brother ?' ' 'He also is sentenced to death; but he gave his word' of honour to return if he was allowed to aee onoo more his beloved ones. Mathew, the groom, has been in Auray. There ho has heard all! the particulars. How shall he be saved ? What is to bo done ?' 'He gave hia word of honour,' she said, in slowj measured tones; 'the promise of a noble man mtut be kept.' ' He will nnt break it. This evening he said to me : ' Henri, weke mo at 4 o'olock ; ba careful that no oue will be disturbed.' I have promised to do it. I must awake him to meet his do ith— the son of my mistress, the child I have worshipped as an idol 1 O God, why did you not Hpare'us thia ?' While iho old man was thus lamenting, Mrao'a face flushed, her Gguro seemed to grow more erect. She surveyed horself in the oppo site mirror with something akin to pride. Then she said, quietly : 'My brother must not dio; ho shall not die. Do not awake him — ovorything will bo well.'' ' I will do juat as you say, mademoiselle What would your mother do if she did not poEEesBhim?' Henri left her. His fears were allayed by the tranquil woi ds of hia mistress. Marie -'olt that thoro was but ono course loft. Yes— she would. Huccood. 'j be momenta wore precious; it was already past midnight. She seated hor .eeli at the table and wrote a few lines, leaving them-unsealcd. She out off her heavy mass of dark hair aud placed it bosido the note. Then she stole noiselessly mto- Paul's room. He was sleeping soundly, being completely ex hausted after the exertiona- of tho day. Sho stopped softly to hia bedside, gazed on him with ineffable fondnesu, hUeed him -with a soaroely perceptible touoh on hia lips, the look away the olookaud hia.olothoa. Upon the threshold she paused once more. , 'Farewell,' she murmured, huskily ;. 'fare- well.. May God proteot you. ' . Af toe returning to' her room, she hurriedly idroaaod herself in hia uniform, and cast one moro glance into the mirror. She stopped back Burprieed, tho resemblance was so groat. Only a.mother enuld havo known i-utter and brother apart. Tho redomblauco that hud so ofcen gladdened thorn when children wua to fuvo hur brother's life. '? She- went to the stablo, and there found ^Paul's horse ready fo?- the morning. She vaulted into tho saddle. She throw a last look 'up at tho walls of the ORbtlo, and rode off on ?her way to Vannea. : TIio morning sun j vat- appeared in the oast ;an-i flungfout into tho sky its- banners of crim son and- gold when Mane entered the gates of Viinnos.. The town was already in oommotion. Tho-streeiss wore crowded with psople. ' Fol lowing the throng, shooame to tho prison where the prisoner' of Quiberon ivero assembled. Just as oho arrived the roll was oulletl. Marie waited. ' Pnal do Turgio-!' 'Hsra!' repliedia Ken tie but firm voico Moris joined the- ronks of tbe soldiers. He? heart throbbed wilaly. Sho had talion hau brother's place, and was acknowledged na him.. Tha first division of victims, consisting of sevonty men, waa- hoadod by Genoral Soain broiiil. Solemnly they marched along. Mario's companions were too occupied with their own thoughts to detect tbo dent'prion. She trembled lost hor plan would bo- tlwuried. If possible alia wonld have quickened hor steps. At laBt thoy arrive at tho plaoe whura the execution was to bo held. A prieat offered a prayer for thoreposo of tbeunfortnnato vietim-.' souls. Mario-looked uufliuobiuitly i-.t t'ao file-) of musketry before her. The oommend was giren, a sheet- of flamo flashed forth. M';rie reeled and fell ; a ball had entered hor-heart. a * a * * * *-, Tho olook struck six whon Paul awoke from hia deop tleop. In doadly terror, for it who already day, ho sprang from his couoh. Hii cloak, his uniform wore «ono. Ho seized an old hunting Buit, drosaud himsolf quiokly, and hurried out of tlio room. Henri rushed up. to him with upraised hands. 'What time is it?' said tho young man, dospo atoly. 'It is toolato,' the old seTfant ansvrerod, tremulously. ' MiBorablo man. you know not what that is to mo !' . ' I know it ; it concotns your life.' ' It oon' ores my honour,, and that ia moro. Hurry and trot my horro. I must go away without disturbing anyone I wifiued to noa them onoo ra ro. That was the reason of my coming I havo (riven roy word to return iti time Now away, away 1' At that momoat Msidimo -lo Tur^is camo ruBhing up to him. Although they had upokon in hushed voioop, i-ho Imd hoard part of thi-ir couvor--ation. H- o wns 'xlToraely agitated. 'What iu I ha matter? What have I hoirdP' rlut g,iFpnd. ' Keep hiin baok ; tho prisoners, of whom ho is ono, will bo nbot this morning.' 'My no;! my tnu! You must not die ! Tour doith will bn mino 1' '-ho clnspiid him in hnr arms as if to draw him from tho brink of n preoipico. In tho moantimo Hnuri hurried to Mavlo'a I rooni, h6ping that Pajil oould, not witbbtand the united errtreaties of mother ana slate*: S& ' knoolred again ; jBtill silonoo reigned. He took ' an old servant's privilege to open the door. '?' Ho hantened baolr to his master, who tried to 1 reo hitaoelf from Xtonisa's embrace, and who : had also boJin aroused* ^rom her sleep. ' Mario has goco ; her bed has not been. ' touohed.' Oner thought, flashed sitsnltaneouely throngh thuir mmdn. They rushorl to her room. Paul was.' tho flrst to see the note:, It contained the following: 'Difivursti' BnoTTTER: You flbal? notHio, on^your honour will bo' sivetl. Livo and comfort our dear' mother, ToIV Ler not to grieve fct mo. I gladly, irivo my Iifo for youra. I'nronoll, jkj: bolovod one? t Ia heaven wo witl'moot ngnin. MAniB.' 'And »ball I let roy Bister perish?' orled- Paul, wildly. He ruahoii away. At tho foot oi* the stairs stood his groom, who looked aa if'ie saw a ghost. 'Is it really you;, moeterj? Who was then. the viotitn who wore your uniform ?' 'It was my sister!' Oh, unhappy^ morta that I am ! She haa sacrificed herself fcr'mo.'l Ho pressed both hands ngninst his breast, all tho blood seeming suddenly to atagnnto abonfc his Boavt. He felt as thongb life and Densest woro forsaking him, and' tlioa, struok 3« ifc ?wsro by a flash of lighlnirrg, her fell senseless. 'Madame do TurgiB, dosptto hor inoxproE0ibIe- ' grief, felt that eho must do everything to save her son-. She almost ble?sed! tne nnconscions jneasthist had como ovor bint: Afltr tho swodie' 'had passed away Jbe was raving with fevar. Often ha cried: 'Paul do Turgis- here,' or^ .'?firo!' Then again, 'Keep- lier back, keep-' hor baok !'r Tho same day, Loui?er disguised' as a peasant;' girl, and nooompanied by Henri and their' groom, wont to Vapnes. The dead- over seven ' bundrsti; were stiS awaiting their burial. After an hour'o search thoy found Marie. Her ' gla_s«y fiyea still betrayed the rostlsss look *vith. whioiish'o had scanned tho ciistanco, feaTing to the last 'her brothorra arrival. Louise raised tho still; cold form an3 kissed the- lips olosed. fornver. Her remains were placed sis' tfte foofc of the altar in lieir ohapel, ?srhero- two years afterward Paul and Lomse were united. Many days andnights — many woeJra»-passorl before Paul- da Torgis licow wb3t was 'Jassinff around Mm. He reoovered in time, But what ho had snffered' waa known only to himself and heavon. He was given book to life aarl' lore, but — at a high price — a sister's sacrifice. — - Translated- fortho -^jo/iaMf frora the French by Lois. 