CAUL FIELD TRAINING NOTES. Tho track was in a very sloppy condition on Monday morning after tho late heavy rain. The grass was of course closod. Work com menced about six o'clock. Lady Ashton was tho first to commence. Tho steeplechase mare put in some useful exercise on tho inner circle. «<£ i icv/'V vtiv «wo ircaieu lo a ruin over the schooling fences: both performed natififacfcorliy. Velocipede was allotted two or three turns at a good working pace. Yesterday he put in a couplo of rounds on tho 6and at t hree-quarter pace, the Cup horse moving in his usual taking style. He will strip very tit on Saturday. Biiuk Bonny and- Hippogriff can tered after tlio last race on Saturday ; tho pair covered a milo in nice stylo, the former especi ally going well. Too Too, looking none i he worse for her defeat on Saturday, was given mild exercise on the outer circle. El wood strodo along for about a mile. Boadicea cantered. Union Jack, looking big aud well, went long serviceable exorciso; as also did Banker aud Ruby. Camerine, Manxman II. and Dulcet cantered. Master Fiuetop strode along gontlj'. Cadlnud, with a hood ou, was doing long slow pace exercise. Solo, who has greatly improved, went steady exercise alone. Bosworth and Real Jam worked in company; both these horses look big and well. Peeping Tom, Idle Boy, Tho Bridesmaid colt and Lando all got through serviceable work. Tho Bohe mian centered. Tho Stag, who is rather a lazv gentleman in his work, performed on tho sand. Lord Chancellor, Mossifaco, Orlando, Prince Regent and tho Maribyrnong— Nea colt can- tored and ppirLcd. Albanus, Chandos and Mabel Grey wero doing mild exercise. Eagle Grange, who ran fairly well iu tho Guineas, cantered; this colt leaves for Flemingtou to morrow. Douglas, Phcebo Walton and the Rapid Bay— Mary .Gladstaoo filly went long, quiet exorcise. Vision was absent. Vander- bilt was doing walking exercise ; ho takes bis departure for Dandonoug to-day. Gasburner and Sparkle covered a good inilo. Gaealier, Parody nnd Kingship went quiet exercise on tho sand. Graco Darling, Tho Ghost and their stable companion cantered. In fact, with tho exception of the jumping, slow pace exercise was the order of the morning, aud if the wea ther would ouly keep fino there will be some good work done to-morrow, Tuesday. Monto Christo, Acme, Chuckster, Essie and others left yesterday for FJcmington. From Mordi- alloclhear a very good account of Claptrap, who is reported to bo very well just now. 