MENTAL HEALING in EOSTON, JJ, S. A. A correspondent of thc Times writes under dato Boston, Mass., May ll : ' ' This city hus hocome tho headquarters of a rehgio-ineta physicnl/lo'or«, which within a few mouths has infected so many people of all classes in Now England that tho mental contagion is lmost sure to spread bo)-ónd American limits. The science of mental heahng-nothing that originates in Boston is less than a science or an art-is tho ambitious nnmo of the movement which its leaders havo assumed. Tho press of tho country find frequent occasion to mako sharp allusions to tho 1 Boston mind-euro croze,' but it is a long timo since any local paper has been so indiscreet as to make slurring references to tho now pathology. Absurd and idiotic as somo of tho ideas aro which the prophets of tho system advance, tho movement has far outgrown tho limits of a popular but tem- porary craze. Tho 'wondorfnl cures' of tho mental healers havo been so persistently proclaimed that a largo proportion of average Bostonians aro willing at least to admit that ' there is somothiug in it.' Hundreds claim to have been benefited in varying degree by mind-cure treat- ments. Monv such becomo themselves healers, and thus tho now idea lias spread. Just now tho religious features of tho now departure moro prominently engross public attention, and cfcrgymen of all denominations aro seriously considering how to deal with what they regard as tho most dangerous innovation that has threatened the Christian Church in this region for many years. Scores of tho most valued Church members aro joining thc Christian Scientist branch of tho metaphysical organisation, and it has thus fnr boen impossible to check tho defection. It is a move- ment far-reaching in its influences mid including many thousands among its sympathisers whoso ordinary good intelligence entitles their judgment to respect. A study, therefore, of the details of tho novel scheme becomes at ouco interesting and soon fascinating. " Hero is a familiar Boston parlour scene : Two ladies sit a little way apart in Quaker-meeting silonco for perhaps 20 minutes. " Tho faco of ono is ns hotly flushed us if sho had been indulging in violont oxorciso, physical instead of mental. Tho othor, tbo patient, apparently dozes in her chair. Ex- ternally this is all that constitutes a mind-cure treatment, to which hundreds hereabouts nro daily submitting. Tho fundamental idea that underlies tho system of nioutal heal- ing is that tlioro is no such thing as sickness. Disease, say tho montul healors, is an error of tho mind, tho result of fear. This startling hypothosis entails somo very strango and absurd conclusions. Tho lender of ono of tho factions, for thora aro several in shaip rivalry ono with another, gives these instructions for healing :-' B-eason in your mind that God mado evorything good. He is not tho author of disease. Therefore, as disoaso is not a creation it has no existence, but it is mcrelv a delusion ol' tho mind, tho affect of fear. Fear is faith inverted and porverted. You nra to gain tho confidence of your pationt ; mnko him tell you tho causo of what ho thinks is his disoaso. But with your clearer mind you seo that it is not sickness at all. You attain tho power of healing by dwoll ing mentally upon tho truth and wisdom of God, and thus tho faith of tho healer meeting the fear of tho patient produces a chemical chango in the fluids of tho system which results in health.' JIanv invalids aro naturally willing to accept this or nny other sophistry in explanation of cures if they themselves aro physically beuo fltcd. But among tho intelligent people in everyday life who are studying tao mind-cure theories and to a greater or less extent aro testing them, thu ideas of tho teachers aro very much modified. Indeed, hardly any two havo just tho sanio conception of tho ' science.' Ono ladv believes that to bo a consistent healor ono must bo a Ünivcrsalist in religious faith. Another insists that tho minds of her patients shall bo mado entirely freo from guile, mid accord- ingly sho asks for a full statement of their lives. Muuy persons wbo study tho system renounce all religious and superstitious ideas in connection with it, but reeoguiso tho physical phenomena, which they do not attempt to explain, und practise tho art ns successfully ns any. A lady in Iiydo Park, Massachusetts, who takes this position, says she finds herself possessed of a power over many serious'ills, which sho hardly knows how to usc. She says she prays earnestly, and the ailment of tho sufferer seems to be trans- ferred to horself. Then sho is ublo easily to throw it off. She does not know whether to call it mind-cure, faith-cure, or magnetism. Somo operators say thoy uso no will power, but simply keep before their minds an miago of perfect health, and let God or tho truth work through thom. Others oxort tlie will intensely to drag out the disease, as it were, by main force. "To be consistent, tho leading mind-cure theorists have te maintain ? some very absurd ideas. Poisons, they say, would bo harmless if tho fear of them were removed. Children, they explain, are affected hecauso of unconscious horoditary fear. Mrs. Mary B. G. Eddy, loader of tho Christian Scientist division of montai healers, claims that her husband, who died three or four years ago, was mur- dered'by an onomv among tho Scientists who 'thought arsenic "into him.' Somo of those queer enthusiasts maintain that mental influence does not recognise distance, and that, therefore, tho presence of tho patient under . treatment is not necessary. Another Hyde Park lady lins an intimate friend in Sacramento, California, who u few mouths ago was given up by physicians to dio of inflam- matory rheumatism. It was arranged by mail that at 3 o'clock (Boston timo) on certain days tho invalid should submit horself 'mentally to tho treatment of her friend in Hydo Park. '? It is claimed that improvement was " immediate, and that within a month tho patient was nblo to visit San Francisco with her husband. ' Another lady in treating absont patients puts a doll in a chair upon which to fix her mind in lieu of tho sick person. Most of tho mental hoalers profess contempt for tho laws of hygiene. Thoy bid their patients eat what they please and act os thoy please. Mrs. Eddy, however, makes tho proviso that thoy must bo of strong failli that what they eat and do will not harm them. So much for means und methods. When tho inquircruttempts to investigate tho actual accomplishments under tho new pathology, ho encounters a vast array of witnesses and testimony. But after attempting to sift tho evidence it is impossible to return a sweeping and decisivo verdict. It would bo useless to deny that, under tho iufluenco of tho mind-cure practitioners, beneficent and insumo cases re- markable results are attained.. It is not surprising that they aro ablo to ' cure ' hypochondriacs, whoso ills exist only in imagination, and ¡t is ensy to understand that thuir poculinr influence is moro potent than that of medicino in cases of certain disorders of montai and nervous origin. Thora is testimony in abundance, radical, positivo, and un- doubtedly honest, from pooplo wno claim to havo been cured by tho now agoncy of organic disease of long standing ; but investigation develops so many weak or incredible points that closo analysis is almost always unsatisfactory in its results. Illustrations might bo detailed by tho score, but u singlo authenticated case will suffice. A proininant dentist of this city fell and severely injured his kiioo. Ho sont for a surgeon of good repute, who examined tho limb and dingnosed n fracture, saying that ho could plainly detect tho gluting of tho brokon edges of tho bono against each other. Tho patient was properly treated, and was advised te reconcilo bimself to several weeks' confinement. But, yielding to tho importunities of his wife, ho allowed her to call in a mind euro pructitionor. Ho treated the injured man according to tho tenets of tho now school, and tried to persuade him that he was not really hurt. Finally, ho induced him to got up and walk, which ho did, at first with difficulty, but soon with comparativo case. Tho dentist walked into the offico of the surgeon who first attended him tho noxt morn- ing, and tho doctor thought for a moment that ho saw a ghost. This caso is naturally reckoned a great triumph of mental-healing over old-fashioned methods. Tho old-school surgeon, of courso, simply acknowledges that he made a mistakon diagnosis, and says tho gentleman sustained only a strain of thc knoejoint. "For sovoral weeks past, as stated at the outset, tho religious revolution involved in tho now departure has over- shadowed tho consideration of tho physical phenomena in the public mind . . The theological innovations aro confined to tho creed of tho Christian Scientists, who constitute tho largest division of tho mind-ouro host. They make tho principios of a now theology indispensable in their thoories of mental heahng. They are led by Mrs. Eddy, who is tho high priestess of tho whole movement. Sho claims to bo tho foundor of the science, though rivals deny it, and hor account of tho divine origin of tho faith is worth mention- ing. In 1866, according te her story, sho fell accidentally uuun tho sidewalk and Buffered spinal injury and paralysis, which physicians declared would result fatally in a few hom's. Her pastor called to soe her just before tho end was apparently at hand und offered her consolation. She begged him to return in tho afternoon, but no one believed she would then bo living. By revelation from heaven at that time God's actual . relation towards her and to tho human race was mado clear, mid she realisod that hor hurt was but an error which, when supplanted by tho truth, would disappear. By tho ligbt of hor now knowledge she brought herself by mental process into a proper' attitudo towards Jehovah, and when tho clergyman called a fow hours later, expecting to com- fort a bereaved family, sho met him ut tho door. Ever since, Mrs. Eddy says, sho has hud the power of healing others as she was herself healed. The creed which sho has' formulated as tho basis of hor system is a peculiar theolo- gical mixture. But, as Professor Stacy Fowlor said in a recent paper on tho subject, ' if they heal, people will not step at a question of theology. If they heal, they will carry tho day, and thoy ought to.' Hence it is that Hawthorne.' hall, where tho Christian Scientists worship, is thronttnj for an hour before tho time for service each Sunday. fS Rev. A. J. Gordon, D.D., a prominent Baptist clergyman who has studied tho books of the Christian Sdcnfetl thoroughly and talked with all the loaders, pronounces their creed a mixture of Pantheism and Buddhism. Thedelu. sion, ho says, is most insidious. Tho ]ar;;e use of tho Iliblo, tho strenuous demand for holiness and self.abne. ' gatiou in tho disciples, tho resulta apparently elîocieil in the ' ministry to tlio sick-theeo aro very powerful consideration! for attracting converts. And so hundreds of young ladiej especially are drawn into tho system under tho impression that they aro getting nome finer quulity of Christianity Dr. Gordon predicts that this is not tho final issue. If (¿j body is only a phantom and tho flesh only a shndow br. oud-by somo very practical sinners will tuko refuge u'titr tho system, and insist that the sins of tho body and tia transgressions of tho flesh aro harmless, since thoy aro only tho phantom of a phantom and tho shadow of n shadow. Dr. Gordon regards tho wholo system os a tori of witch's cauldron, in which ovary eonceivaili heathen aud Christian heresy is 'seetliiug mj simmering to produce tho subtle esseuco called 'montai medicine.' On tho other hand, tho Kev. O.P. Gifford, another Baptist clorgyman of equal standing, ail soveral other prominent ministers defend tho Christina Scientists and endorso much of their philosophy, while ad. nutting that much moro of it is unintelligible. ' " But tho clergy as a wholo now regard tho subjectmth grave apprehension, und on nil sides they uro discussing tin situation with great earnestness. Thoy hardly know how to deal with tho danger, for tho sincerity of nil infected vin tho now faith ls undoubted, and any policy of opposition or denunciation serves only to increaso their ardour, Scores of applications havo been mndo to crin, gelical churches 'of tho Baptist, Methodist, Congregations] and Episcopalian denominations for letters cf d¡¡. missal that tho applicants may join tho Christian Scientists' Church. All such applications havo been refused, hut tin converts to tho now idea nevertheless worship with those ol tito now creed. Tho public discussion of the now theology was begun a fow weeks ugo by tho Rov. Joseph Cook, upon his Monday lectureship platform. Ho endorsed tko TOM of Dr. Gordon, and denounced tho Christinn Scientists un- sparingly. Since then tho subjoct has been discussed fron week to wool: at ona or moro of tho conferences of ministen of tho various denominations."_ 