Sftetcfoa\ Owe Carnival Racecourse by onosTESon uuxster. (Concluded.) Well, as I have said tho hill, as it sow Btands, is tho best site on the ground. Stand ing upon its slope, the eye eatohes every foot of the course. And as I observe this, I dis cover that a now training ground, ona mile round, has beon recently mado wiUnn me ciicle of the coarse. Jonathan, the worthy ranger, tolls me that it is the soundest braining ground on tho whole thrcp hundred and twonty acres, and that it is built on nine inches of iron stone rock and nino more of loam, sand, and tan, in the most approved fashion. Yonder, as ho points out— away to tho loft, are tho Band traok,onoandahalf miles; thoonemilo tan, and the one mile cinders. I am told with a certain pride, thnt tho rolling and harrowing, and such like work in connection with these tracks, involve nn annual labour covering a distance of 7000 miles. In summer the tracks aro regularly watered ovory day. Wo doscend.from the Hill and enter the passage which leads to tho grand-stand and the lawn. Here, shortly, will be built a ooverod way, through whioh the Bait of Bocioty will pass, unseen and uncriticigoq\fcxllnihflact. the improvement, which indeed is projeoted for tho purpose of still further increasing the resources and area of the Hill. Jonathan, big in tho prido of his ofli«e, pro duces his keys with that air of responsibility which might attach to an old time butlor, as ho leads tho way to an inspection of tho glories of tho cellar, Aud now we perceive the full development of a eehemo, whioh has been made in the interests of that other class of the publio, the members of which, so to say, travel with firat-claes tickets in the trains of amusement at race times. This is tho swell's recion, and proper recognition of its superior requirements ib evident on all sides. Fluee aux davv:s ! Let us enter, timidly and nervously, yet with that eager curiosity with which innocent bachelorhood regards every thing connected with tho ladies and their sur roundings. This is one of the retiring rooms. Nay, by the mass I but I must laugh. I'ho most prominent furniture in thia. gorgeous apartment consists of mirrors I Mirrors large, mirrors Bmall ; mirrors which reflect tho face and bust only, and largo oheval glasses, whioh mvn forth tn thn innnisitivo fair the reflex o tho whole of the glories of her form and cos tume. Here, no question, tho dainty maids and matronswho bloom on tbo lawn during Cup week, snd whoso gay and brilliant attire rival Mr. Moore's mantling blossoms of many colo red hues — here, I say, within thece rooms (for there aro two, eaoh 110 feet long) might bo seen and heard much by the philosopher (wero ho invisible) whieh would improve his knowledge of the feminine nature. What pleasure, gratified vanity, innocent triumph, mortified pride, delight, and dissatiefs,otion, have these mirrors in turn reflected, and shall again refleot I How many a woman's heart has beaten high, or lowered its pulses, as these honest tell-talcn, set on all sides, havo given back a truthful answer to wistful or eager feminine inquiry I I wondor whether Mr. Moore chuokles as'he looks around at this room. For myseK, I own I burst out laughing. But not alone mirrors for the ladies, Everything tho charmers need is provided. Here and there aro hung ' housewives,' filled wlt.h nfindlnn. fiilks, cotton, tiins. and tho thousand and ono contrivances with which women ' fix ' themsolvea. If an awkward cavalier tread upon a lady's train and rip its ' gathers,' all she has to do ia to repair to ono of these dainty apartments, where she will find appliances forjemedying thoeyfl, and recovering her oomplaccncy by noting tho facial effect of bad temper in a looking glass. And if, haply, the aim may have burnt, with his amorous glances, hor fair cheeks or delicate noso, here shall she find cold oream, or violet powder, or toilette vinegar, or some such dolicit-3 preparation to relieveher3weetvi3ago : while she may a3auaga her annoyance and relievo her feelings by tho application of tho smelling Baits provided by excellent Mr. Moore. By George 1 I think that, all things considered, that gentleman should be the best lauded man in Victoria, among the ladies at any rato, during Carnival week. Flowers are, of course, distributed in every part of these apartments, for their greater adornment. Cut flowers are also pravidGd ; so that a lady needing some delicate blossom to still further enhance her chnrais, may find it to her hand. Cases of lloivora for this pur pose are brought from cuch districts as pro duco them earlier than hereabouts. Even Sydney contributes its contingent of blossoms — among which the Warratah is ever promi nent. All thin is galhut work ; but it is no leBS policy. While it gives pleasure to tho ffiir, it no loss brings grist to tho mill. A cunning gentleman ia Mr. Byron Moore. It seems a coarse matter, but really I think I am as much interested in tho next apart ment into whioh I am introduced. We have looked upon the purely rojthctio and poetic features of a raco meeting ; lot us now inspect the more natural attractions. Here, my friend, is whero King Appetite is assuaged. . Observe that this is the luncheon room, and consider what a spectacle it must present during race week. It is silent and empty enough now, though ono might fancy ghosts of departed revellers flit about unseen, yet hungry; but in tho course of a oonpla of month3 its lofty space shall echo to the pops of ohampsgno corku, tho crunch of teeth, the bustle, and laughter, and, truth to cay, vulgar hubbub and confusion of cuch assemblies. Flowers again will be seon in profusion. Why not 1 Does not ono onjoj such matters the bettor, for dainty and refining surroundings. If it be pleasant to the eye to gaze upon a boned turkey or a raised pio, is not it tho moro eo tn lot it roqf: nwhiln iinnn t.hfl amantnaan nn.1 freshness of bloom and blossom ? Who doos not appreciate the effect of the dainty furni ture oi a dinner table 1 Who then shall not applaud the conjunction of such influences as are afforded by tbe presence of sweet flowors. Hay, the taste u classic, and has tho authority oi tho bcBt traditions. Tho Governor's apartments are all that they should bo. Pleasant ts be a Governor I should say— at raootimes anyway. At other times, when postered by dull ' statesmen ' and vulgar pretension, the post may realise the axiom that 'All that glitters is not gold.' It must indeed ha bard worksomotimen, play ing Governor, and sooth to Bay must involve an extra employment of that suave hypocrisy with which social illusions aro sup ported. But hare, away from tho disabilities of his office, he and his lady wife and brave youngsters and gallant suite, must have a high old time of it. I peep into tho pantry whence the good things are served. Yes ? there aro times when I would be a Governor. For truly wo treat our Governors' hotter in the matter of feeding than' fell to the lot of tho honest ruler of Barataria, who got nothing to eat you will remember, but argument and promises. ' This is the Frees room. These stairs lead to the compartment whence tho recording angels take note and notice of the raoes. Every convenionoe is provided for these worthy people In - that division at the end are placid the telegraphic- operators. What a jump all this, from tho time whon the first oourse in Australia was founded by the fine gontlemen of His Majosty') 101st rogiment of loot. . . ' - The saddling. paddook, or whore tho gontle men of the ring do oongregate to do their business or, do somebody else's, is, as all the world knows, undei tho Hill, . to tho west of the stand. Here too a variety of improve ments havo beon made, all tending to tho facilitation of tho great Carnival of tho year. Yonder the judge's stand, wherein the arbiter of ovory contest places himEclf. By my faith! I often think that many a criminal has heard, with 1mb emotion, the fist of a judge of law, than have thousands who have marked that oi a judge of a race. Tho now stand overlaps tho old ono, and is unut up on an .aroa oi land xcoopea pui oi tho hill. The crush and' qrowding, whioh of late years marred tho pleasure of so many, is now avoided. Tho rush will bo for the now stand, and tho race to tho swiftest. The ladios, whose robes aro a higher consideration than a horse raoe, may therefore movo more leisurely with their oscorto, and take their places in the old stand. The foresight whioh led the committee to adopt this plan goes to alirtm nCTP.In tliftii' nnnaftliiif-.v tn thfl nimmB Of publio convenience. But let us get on, across tho lawn, and on - past the ivied walls and ranger's cottage. I observe that carpenters and painters are hard at work, and learn that they nro the eraplojo. farm, or gardon, is done by men engaged on tho estate. Tho work-rooms of cr.rpantere, blacksmiths, paintcr3, point to the circum stance that there is enough to keep businajs brisk the year round. Tho farm work is ex tonsiyo, consisting in harrowing, carting, mowing, and suoh like operations. Hay is grown for the workinghorees, of whioh theroarc eleven— such animals as aro rarely Been, save in a brewer's lorry, or a horse show. Fat and Inat^ljoy.seem to havo a good time of it, witli a splendid stable in wjuoa to pass tneir houra of ease and raunoh their sweet hay. By the way in whioh Jonathan poses himself as we regard sanie of these bravo creaturos, I gather that he takes raro pride and satisfac tion in them. On pleasant lines, truly, is east the lot of honest Jonathan. He has been associated with the course for moro than twenty years, and may ho said to be part and parcol of the institution. Here is his cottage standing on a gentlo elope, and embossomed in flowers and shrubberies. Fnom tho verandah I watoh cno coacuing oi tne youngsters on ma irauKS. There are somo twenty of them, each, doubt less, as much a subject of anxiety and hope and fear to his trainer, as bipeds, on their en trance into life concern their mothers and fathers. Indeed, there is not a little whioh is alike, and runa parallel to — the course oi a child's life nnd that of a colt or filly. Eaoh trains for the prizes of life, in some form or another, and a similar pioturc is presented in either oase of the rarity of success and the constancy of failure. A few come to the front, and a few remain there — like old Com motion— Btoutly contending against all new coriJers. But what becomes of_ the ruck, whother human or equino 1 Do' they not pass into the oblivion of forgetfulness ? Aro they not merged into the common lot, and labor out their lives in humble shadow ? I often think that a Cup winner is like the bello of a London season, or a society beantv. who rarely shines in the firmament of fash ionable caprice or whim, more than once. And yet see how eager tho women are to Euina even for this brief space I Perhaps the motive may be the speculation, and the value of notoriety may bo turned to as happy account in the ease of tho woman as in the easo of the horse. But what is all this ? I note that Jona than is eyeing me furtively, as I stand in his verandah thus refiaoting; and I doubt not that he thinks the excellent whiskey to which we have been treated in his bouse has proved too much for my weak brains. But I tell him I was thmlang that bad I the choice I would rather live in his cottago than in Government House, in which, indeed, is sober truth. At which his face relaxes, and though he answers nothing, ho looks the honest gratification my poor compliment has in spired. Jonathan's garden is a very t-lory of bios soma. Particularly* am I attracted) by the native heaths, which aro cultivated here. It is n popular delusion smong amateur gardeners, that tho heath will not bear translation to artificial treatment. ' That' Bays our cicerone, ' is simply because they know nothing about tho matter' — an explanation I fancy, of the majority of popular delusions. Attached to tho cotSago ia a small green house, whore pot plants aro placod in plenty. Sometimes, you see, in this eccentric elimate, tho olork of the weather playn Bad pranks to wards the end of October. Tut, wind and rain combine to mar the completeness of the floral decorations of lawn aud avenue. In that case, tho remedy ia at hand. Tho pot plants are buried in the earth, and the eyo is satisfied. There -ia Buroly something of enthusiasm in those fond precautions on tho part of Mr. Mooro, to complete tho glory of tho place, at Ciirnivnl time. O_i tho ferneries, the Ivied walls, the ' har dening house,' in whioh plants are prepared for planting out; of tho hedges of gszania and maBses of pittosporum, of tho planta tions right and left, and the whole further details of this most pleasant spectacle, I spjak no more. Ii3t me hopo that there will be few of my renders who will not judge for themselves in the first week of Novomber, and that of the thousands upon thousands who then crowd the Hill and Liwn and Stand and Flat, thoro will bo as fow insensible to the circum stance that ia converting tho publio portion of Flemington rsoeooureo into o spocie3 of a great garden, much has been done to forwnrd tho interests of tho popular sport and elevate its oharaojer by its associations. Wo may be sura of this, that the less horBcracing h mado purely a uusinoss lor cuo gamuiur, ana the more its bravo influences are associated with beauty and refinement and honest wholesome enjoyment, tho moro certainly will its popu larity expand and grow. Yonder, on tho now track are a dozen b8autios taking their gallops. As our trap ascends the geutle slope of the new membera' road I watch them, and marvol not at the strong hold the sport they confer upon us should havo upon society. Nor do I wonder either that people who delight in such sports should have been, and should still bo distinguished above all others, for their Bturdy independence and robust manlinoBS of cha raoter. 