TIABO POLICE COURT. Tuesday, Febbuaby 10. (Before Messrs. J. Dowzer and C. A. Stringer, J.J.P.) The legal profession was represented by Messrs. Stafford, Tozer, Corser and Frank Power, solicitors. A. B. Douglas v. T. A. Bidgway.— Illegal detention of a cow. Mr. Corser for plaintiff; Mr. Stafford for defendant. The plaintiff at some length stated that he had lost this cow for about 5 years, but from general appearance he was sure the cow was his ; she also in color and make represented a cow in his possession which he believed to be the mother. Several witnesses for the plaintiff testi fied that toy tbe appearance they believed the beast belonged to Douglas. The defendant stated that it was only in December last, after Mrs. Moffatt had noticed a resemblance to Douglas's cow, that he noticed Douglas's brand on her. At noon the court adjourned the case for 10 minutes for the Licenslng Court to be held. Patrick Lowry was granted a Country Publican's license at Wide Bay Creek. On re-assembling, various witnesses were examined for the defendant, all of them stating they believed the cow to be defendant's. The court then adjourned till 2 p.m. On re-opening, the Bench called Mr. R. Whannell as an expert to give evidence as to the brand. He stated that 1HU had been placed first on the beast: 6DA, tbe second brand, put on, and BAY, the last brand, put on. The Bench gave a verdict ior the plaintiff for £11, the cow, and -the calves to be de livered in one month, or £6 to be paid for the cow, £2 10s for the first calf, £1 10s for the second, and £1 for the third calf. Costs, £3 8s 6d. Police v.VK- Carpenter.— Obscene lan guage. Mr. Tozer for defendant. Case dismissed. J.Curranv. Mrs. Balkin.— Stealing a roll of flannel from a public house. Mr. Tozer for the plaintiff, Mr. Power for the defendant. Mr. and Mrs. Curran, their daughter, and a laboreron the place, gave their evidence for the prosecution, by which it appears thatin AprUlast, nearly one year ago, Curran and the man McGrath saw this Mrs. Balkin leave the house with this roll of flannel, and Mrs. Curran stated that she saw suite of clothes made of similar flannel, hanging on the accused's clothes line. Crossex amination elicited that the Currans never thought of taking proceedings till a lawyer's letter on the behalf of Mrs. Balkin was received by them. Mr. Power addressed the Bench in reply, and the Bench stated that they had decided to dismiss the case. Iiindert v. B. Boissen. Goods sold, £9 2s 4d. Mr. Tozer for the plaintiff, Mr. Stafford for the defendant In this case the plaintiff gave the defendant's wife goods as above, which debt she repudi ated ontheground that she was a married woman. The Bench gave a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. Cosfa, £10 3s 4d. ? At the Criterion Hotel. Bockhampton, a gentleman named Smith had £80 stolen from his portmanteau, for which an individual named Turnbull was arrested Mr. Smith occupied the same room with Turnbull, and with guileless simplicity counted his money and placed it in his portmanteau in the presence of the stran ger. His carelessness has had a criminal result, for Turnbull seems to have opened the portmanteau and taken the cash. The prisoner has been committed for trial. Tbe Australasian Steam Navigation Company invite applications for the agency of the Company at Bockhamp ton, about to become vacant by tho resig nation of the present holder, Mr. A. T. Wood. Applications will be received by tijt manager until 8r4 M«oli. , A serious mishap befel Mr. Eric M'Connel, third son of Mr. D. C. M'Connel, at Cressbrook. Whilst out on the run riding after cattle, his horse came into collision with one of the animals. All three fell together, the unfortunate young man being at the same time hurled violently against a tree. One orhis thighs was shattered, his nip joint was hurt, and other injuries were inflicted. ? Mb. George HoR»azbta presbvter of the congregation of the Nestorlan Chris tians, is now in Brisbane with the object of ascertaining what opening, if any, exists for the emigration of his core ligionists, and also to collect funds to assist them in getting away from the oppression and cruelty of their Mohame dan neighbours. *' A telegbam from Charters Towers, February 9. reports .--The Day Dawn P.C. Company have crushed for the past fortnight 770 tons, yielding 1742oz. gold. A dividend of 4s per sharts has been declared. The Alexandra Hill Company have obtained 32oz. gold from the tailings from their last crushing. A dividend ot Is 6d per share has been declared. A serious landslip occurred a few days ago at theQueensland Mercantile Agency Company's property, Bulimba, Brisbane river. A portion of the river bank, about seventy feet in length, gave way, carry ing into the river a strong retaining wall, which had been built with the view of extending the wharves. The Rookhampton Bulletin says that local cricketers will be pleased at the Bockhamnton Association' hnvlnir rio cided on making arrangements for a visit from the Stanley Club at Easter. It possible two matches will be played, one on Saturday, the 4th April; and the second on Easter Monday. John Vauohan, a recent arrival at Townsville, who was suffering from fever, left his home on Saturday last, when it is supposed he was delirious. His body was found to-day, having been left by the tide in the mangroves in Boss Creek. The Townsville Municipal Council met on Monday, and again Ailed to elect a mayor, through the Act making it necessary to give seven day's notice to rescind the resolution passed last Friday rejecting the three aldermen nominated. At Ipswich, on Sunday last, Mr. D. Rogers succumbed to the effects of an attack of heat-apoplexy, or sun-stroke. Mr. Rogers was in the very prime of life, and he leaves a young widow and two children. The death is announced, at Ipswich, on Sunday last, of the Rev. R. W. Spence, congregational minister, and brother-in-law of Mr. T. B. Cribb. He succumbed to consumption at the age of 35 years. Operations were resumed at Lake's Creek meat-preserving works on Monday, when fifty head of catlle were killed. Stock has been booked up to the end of July. Aldermen Cunningham, Wood, O'Brien, and Francis resigned their seats in the Dalby Municipal Council on account of Alderman Ford having been elected mayor. ' ' The South Australian .Government again ofter a bonus of £6000 to the pro ducer of the first 500 tons of sugar grown and manufactured in the Northern terri tory. Captain Thynne, M.L.C., is en deavouring to raise at Brisbane a purely volunteer force, in contradistinction to the force under the New Defence Act. Thebk Is but one genuine medicinal beronee nnder tbe name of 8cSna,pjw, and that 1* Wol(?« Schnapps , ? 'Rodoh on Rats.' Glean out fate, nilce roaches; fliea, ants, bed-bug*, -beetles, Insects, nkuaks.Jack rabbits, gophera.t)raggl»ls- Moses, Moss and Co., Sydney, General Agents. A mas It wise when he knows what he Is drinking, Wolfe's Schnapps m»y be relied upon as a pure spirit. That husband or mine Is three times the man lie was before he began using ' Well's Health Benewer.' Druggists. Motes, Most and Oo.) Sydney general agents. Be certain that you make no mistake ; ask for and take no other but the genuine Wolfe's Schnapps. Demand Wolfe's. Headaches, Lowness of Spirits, -£c. show that the Liver is out of order— In Wolfe's Schnapps you have the best remedy. We know that Wolfe's Schnapps is a first class article, and can recommend it as s«ch tm our readers. Don't die in the House.— 'Rough on Bats' clears out rate, mice, beetles, roaches, bed-bugs, flies, ants, insects, moles, Jack-rabbits, gophers. Moses, Mossand Co., Sydney ,'Qeneral Agents. It is astonishing the favor in which Wolfe's Schnapps is held— We suppose it is because It Is a first class article. Woman's Bphebe — There are few men now ?O benighted as to believetnat woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's words : 'To Buckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worae for knowing how to bake bread or make a enstard, and in both these little arts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. Borwick ic Sons, who, for her conveni ence, bave produced their celebrated ' Baking Powder' and Gold Medal ' Custard Powder.' With tbe former article the most palatable bread, cakes, and pastry can be produced Bpeedilj, and with marvellously little trouble'; whilst, with the latter, she is independent of the domestic hen, and can make the most deUcioni custards, blanc-manges,&c-;, at half the usnaj time. Max Good Digestion wait on Appetite sajs Shakespeare, bnt ' good digestion ' will never wait upon bad bread, and it is therefore of tbe greatest importancethat in nuking bread one should use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation through long use in households throughout the world Foremost amongst these must be reckoned ' Borwick'eGold Medal Baking Powder,' which had stood the test in every climate of the world Get it, use it, and add yonr testimony to that of the million! who praise it. A Cabd.— To all who are suffering from the errors and indiscretions of jouth, nervous weak ness, early decay, loss of manhood, ice, I will a-nd a recipe that will card jou, free of charge. This great rrmedy was discovered by a mission ary in South America. Send a self addressed envelo e and sixpence to prepay posttge to the Ber. JoBeph T. Inman, Station, D., New TorkOity,U.S,A. Towlb's Pennyroyal and Steel Fills foi fe males quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes it. 9d. off alt Chemuts Prepared only by B. T. Towle, Chemist, Not tingham, England. Agents for Brisbane Berkely and Taylor, Wholesale Druggists Elliott Bro-. U Oo,,— Wholes lie Druggie. Shall Capitalists wisnrag v SstabliBh a Business shonld see if there is an opening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in tneir district, ill information Bnd receipts for the purpose ,i making Lemonade, Soda Water, «cc, is given -previous knowledge is not necessary. Ihe uemarjd for these drinks is so much on the in crease, in all parts of the world, that theoutlay for tbe machinery in all cases leads to a profi able and safe business. Catalogue forwarded free, or can be hku at the office of this paper on payment of Is. — Babkett and Fostkb. Engi neer! 230, Forston itreet, London, N. Ghobth, — An attempt is being made in tbi old country to revive tbe belief in Tiiitant from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of tbe journals. Tbe sceptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley'e ghoat : ' How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread i' for, of mil the ghost producers, a bit of ' heavy' bread is tbe most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the forest spell against ghost? by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it vriti raise bread in the most admiiable fashion. Emy wise storekeeper has it by him, a'd very good bounwiu burs it, 