71E MELBOUHBNE NEW YEA 'S DAY BAaQS. On the boat, in the train, and in the grea city, everyone was speaking of the wonder ful programme the Victoria Racing Clui his issued for the New Year's Day Meeting and no wonder as you will see when I tel you 1 THE NORMANBy STAKES Is the first greateeoet to be decided, and as all the best Victorian, South Australian, and Sydnry two-years old are engaged in it, including Acme, Blairgowrie, Maddeliona as well as a hoot of dark youngsters, the race should be a most exciting and inter. eastiogone; for these two-year old perlorm. aoee afford the best indications as to Derby and Cup winners. But, fond as we Gippslanders are of two-year old racing, we are equally sweet on a good Handicap, and on many a station men can be found who are asoafaitas to performances and breed ing as the veriest habitues of the rooms; so the way Mr. Blarnad had apportioned the burdens in THE STANDISi:PLAE Interested us greatly. ' What a good horse Mlalun isl- and in placing himt 81b. above Sheet Auchor (even when the latter has 9st 51b.), it's :evident Mr. Barnard thinks so t,o, and it's a big drop fromr the latter to Moonshoe at 8st. 121b. and Mliddlemaroh at 8et. llb., and Molerrimo, who is an un likely starter, ata like weight cannot com plain. Between Chucketer, 8st. 91b, and Napier, 8t., are such a host of celebrities as. Stafford, "B:itisher- The Ohost, Lord Wilton, Gratitude, Plausible, Madeap. Ancharite, Velocipede. Sea Hlorme, and Ringmaster; while between 8st and ist. The Bohemian, Uobertou, Ironoenster, Remos, Jocelar, Norfolk, Duration, Albanus aenntmore, Uncas, Allander, Marie Louise. Lesbia, LaViogton, and First Light. are all masters of their burdens, and a bost of speedy ones are in below these weights. I have a notion that a top weight, Middle march, The Ghost, Lantern, Lesbia, and Albanus will fight it out at the finish if the first-named is started, and s win for the Adelaide division would not astonish me. However, if a Gippalander hba a passion it's for what Irishmen call a "!epper" either of big or little sticks, and and it's the latter we have to deal with inr THE HURDLE RACE. Royal Maid Ia at the head of affairs with lat. 10lb., as The Agent.bhaving executed his mission, has retired; but I think Gasg lier-a Gippolander, too-ought to beat her. Insolvent has shown himself fast a common echracteristio of mrnslrents, and the next one that pleases me isOmadhauz, lOt. 4lb. Sinking Food's owner thought after being beaten at Elsternwick under 10st. 2b., for a mile and a half, that Set. 12lb. was too much in a longer journey. Of Oculist I hear good accounts, and Blue Mlountain has a lot of up- country victories on the fit to his credit. Distiller, Sensation, The Chief, and Cockboat please moe most of the others,and Cokboat, Gasa. lier, and Omadhaun, may fill the places. THE BAGOT PLATE of one mile and three quarters should bring out a lAdd. but who would not go from shill to Sale to see Sheet Anchor, Mlalas, Reginald, Off Color, and Grace Darling meet at weight for age, though I own to a liking for Malue, with the mare next. THE STEEPLECHASE boasts a splendid field, and with twenty horses entered it takes a bit of picking; of this lot, Governor and Chester II. are the only Gippsland representatives, and I fancy the resalt will be Narrung, Studley, Mar. ven, as written, though Goodwood is cer tainly dangerous. THE MIDSUIMER HANDICAP is next, and this is a mile-and-a half, Sheet Anchor is at the head of affairs with 9Set -ib. closely pressed by Reginald, Set. 21b., Off Color with St. 1lib. These are all dangerous, while Seahorse, Duration, Gips)'s Warning, and Gasaliec look best of thes thirty fire. THE CRITERION STAKES. a handicap tor two-yea:-olds, brings a wonderful bill of fare to a close, and here I fatty lthe Nun; Pbmhe Walton, and Dividend will divide the honors. Now, as s ll country people love sport, and fresh air and green grass. especially at a season when pasture lands harden, and drought fissures yawn," who would not wish to press their foot on the elshtic award with which Flemington is covered, and to see seven great races, with added money amounting to two thousand three hundred and fifty pounds, rhile everything which can be done for visitors' comfort is provided-hot water, fresh milk, and all rr-quirements for afternoon tea included. Tae handsome suite of rooms, over 500 feort, hasu just been decorated by Messrs. Schultzoe & Dutusbure, and is most elegantly and artistically colored. it is the most perfect piece of room decoration I have yet seen to the colonies. Who can wonder that the whole party of as have resolved to be at Flemington on New Years day, and so my dear friend Ill hope'to meet you, and con fidentially I don't mind letting you know that I've given op my Quceneland notion ar.i I've come to think that sisnla life is a mistake, and I fascey that Elliott won t keep his housekeeper long. as she has con fessed to me she would pefer not living in a township, while strangely enough Sue says a country township is just what she likes, as there is more society there than ena farm. Sheand Elliott seem thoroughly to understand 'o e another, and after we have seen the races we have agreed to re tern together to Coolgumerong, and should you watch the marriage column of thu Arpgu Ifancy you will seefour names yon rre familiar with, r I, Tom Farmer, shall be much mistaken. 