" . uastir's..Return. (Continued.) Mr. Gibbon Maggleby had been married ratherleos than two-and-twenty hours, when, at about nine o'clock on the morning of March 23, 1868, he walked into the room in which he had so often breakfasted and dined with his late friend and partner, Solomon Pudster. Mr. Maggleby, who, was pre eminently a man of business, had not seen fit to go to the Isle of Wight or to. Paris to spend his honeymoon; and Mrs: Maggleby, who was nothing if not a woman of sound sense, had loyally accepted the decision of her third lord and master. They had agreed to stay in town, and not to allow their new happiness to interfere with their material in terests in Mincing Lane. Mr. Maggleby had .determined, however, to make a holiday of the day after,.his wedding; to stay at home the morning with' his wife, to escort her to Madame Tassaud's in the afternoon, and to, take her to the play in the evening. With this comfortable programme in his mind'seyeMr. Maggleby came down to 're `"t'in hi flowered, dressing-gown. Mr/Miggkle byi he knewi would not ie many iniutes behind him, and he therefore rang the bell for the coffee, and turned lazily Sdi ib 6ble, upon which lay two piles of letters. The smaller heap chiefly,con sisted of missives addressed to Mrs. Pudster, for the marriage of the previous day had not b?9i? ei been noised abroad in the country, a lprsI Maggleby had several female cor reopondets 'who' communicated with her much more often than she communicated with them. The larger handle was made up of letters addressed either to Mr. Maggleby or to Messrs. Pudster and Maggleby, the letters to the firm having' been already brought down from Mincing Lane by a con fideitial clerk. It was a chilly morning; and Mr. Maggie by, with the letters in his hand, sank into an easy chair by the fireside, and then began to polish his spectacles. But ere he had time -,to-complete that operation, one envelope ittr.cted the attention of his not very dim si hted eyes. It bore the post-mark ' Ply sout '.,and was addressed in a familiar Oband-writing. 'Without waiting to put on '-his;spectacles, Mr. Mlaggleby seized the en tar.euopo.and tore it open. For an instant "hRestared athe e letter which it contained; Ithnifh5e turned white, and fell back with a r oad. But. Mr. Maggleby was a man of considerable self-command, and he soon partly recovered himself. "Maria must not see me in this agitated state," he murmured, as he rose. " I shall go back to my dressing-room, and decide upon some plan of'action before I face her." And with unsteady steps, he quitted the tahing with him the letter that was sto his emotion, immediately afterwards, a servant with the coffee and some covered . wAj which she set upon the table; and uaomyas hadeshe withdrawn than Mrs. ~'~Ih eb l .ppapes?d "Mrs. Maggleby looked b~oopming, and was evidently in capital spirits. She caitght up her letters, sat down 'staling in a very easy chair from which her "''?usband had risen a few minutes, and began "'l1 to read. The first letters to be opened were, o'"6f coirse, those which were addressed to her ''inlier new name. They contained con i r'latilations upon her marriage. Then she attacked the envelopes that were addressed .e"-,' Mrs. Pudster. One contained a bill; ''" aother eontained a request for Mrs. Pud ! shteY's vote on behalf of Miss Tabitha Gab bles, a maiden lady who was seeking ad "?minission into the Home of the daughters of re"Dicayed Trinity Pilots ; and a third brought ' ha'!lithographed letter from the Marquis of 't ., Pa#yra , imploring the recipient to make "'. 0tme small subscription to the funds of the 'soceiation for the Encouragement of As "paagus Culture in the Scilly Islands. There S' veie'easo letters from Miss Martha Tigstake ?' 'and'Mrs. Benjamin Bowery, dealing with N hothiig in particular and everything in general; and finally there was a letter bear. •'iidgthe post mark "Plymouth." Mrs. lag i frgleby' opened it carelessly ; but a single glance at its contents caused her to start up, i"' grip" convulsively at the mantelpiece, utter 1' 'anjexclamation and tremble like a leaf. "Poor Gideon I" she said. "What a :l -'fneaal' blow ! He musn't see me in this ."- igitited' state. I shall go up-stairs again, • and'decide upon some plan of action before ""I'face him." And Mrs. blaggleby, letter in n-l hand and pale as death, quitted the room, leaving the coffee and the eggs and bacon i"irid the crumpets to get cold. SThree quarters of an hour later, Mr. ''7i TM leby ventured down-stairs again. He .lrwit's daressed. as if to go to the City, and in ."'l"I}l hand be held a letter which bore the simple address, " Maria." This letter he '-{iliid.apoi hia wife's plate. It was worded o' uaefollows: ,o it,My dearest Life-I am suddenly and un -Il expe'tedly summoned to Mincing Lane on .,,,"haineia of the greatest importance. I do .;:s, nhoknow exactly when I shall return, but . oi ,ryn. must not be anxious.-Yours devotedly, Ir-nr.a!,.,x ' , GIDEON. Mr. Maggleby hastily seized a tepid crumpet, and without the formality of seat ing himselfiat' the table, devoured the .Ltc lammy dainty.: Then hearing his wife upon the stairs, he rushed like a madman from the room, and an instant afterwards ,,eleft the house and quietly closed the front door, behind him. Mrs. Maggleby, whose face bore traces of .,,,,recent weeping, entered the dining-room as I~.,.ifashe expected to find the place tenanted by ,d a ghost. Discovering, however, that it was empty she resumed her seat by the fire, (,ad, with an hysterical outburst, buried her head in her hands. S" Poor dear Gideon I" she sobbed. " What 'wil become of him and me? We shall be -'lifiprisoned for life; I know we shall. The ""'hiouse will have to be shut up; the business dwill go to rin; the servants will have to 'know all. Oh, it is too terrible I But I must compose myself. Gideon will be com ing down, and I must be prepared to break the news.to him;" and with great self-com maond, Mrs. Maggleby wiped her eyes and ,T ??s~ted'herself at the table. As she did so, she caught sight of her husband's note, -whieh she eagerly opened. "Hej has goni!" she exclaimed despair ingly, wheo hli had real it. "I am left alone toi'beair the tirial!-Ah, Gideon, you ltte liato kioih ereljoeu ace. But I must P/P~ We most concert measures at "Oncemore she went up-stairs. She put ofiher: bonnet and cloak; she covered her 'flushed face with a thick veil; and without "sayin'a word to any of her servants, she left the house, and made the best of her way ar~etli irest cabatand. 1". Meantime; Mr. Maggleby had boeen driven ,to his placeof .baineose in Mincing Lane. "Honteren:his office, and sat down as if daizedil, in his private room. Hearing of his '?iricpal'sr unexpected "arrival, the head c~l?ik. r. John Doddard, ilmost imme di4 ely apeird. He too was scared and -'Xeaid, oir read l" he gasped as he thrust an open letter Mr: Maggleby's hand. ?'? r igleby inechanicallytook theletter, and read aloud as follows: On Board S.S. Camel, off Plymouth, Tues __ Dear Mr. Doddard-As you are probably not expecting me, I send a line ashore to let r. Syo know that I hope to return in time to I bat dbsiness at the usual hour on Thurs. Pda Ie' Peae take care that there is a good I fire in my private room, as a visit to De- a ...mprera always, as you know, renders me -,i particuloly aensitive to the cold and damp. I am writing to Mr. Maggleby. We have r had a capital voyage so far, but the weather t in the Channel threatens to be rather dirty. I I shall land at Gravesend; and if you can find out when the Camel is likely to be I there, you may send down some one to meet me.-Yours faithfully, SoLOMONr PUDsrmO. "I knew it !" ejaculated Mr. Maggleby. "I have just received the letter that he I speaks of." . "What does it all mean?" asked Mr. Doddard. "I seem to be dreaming, air. We buried poor Mr. Padster eight months ago, didn't we ?" "So I thought," murmured Mr. Mag gfeby vaguely. " But this letter is certain ly in his handwriting. And look at the postmark. There it is, as plain as pos sible: 'Plymouth, March 22, 186832.' That was yesterday ; and to-day is Wednesday, March 23rd.-Just read my letter, Dod dard 1" and he pulled from his pocket a missive, which he handed to his clerk. Mr. Doddard read as follows : "On board S.S. Camel, offPlymouth,Tues day. "My dear Gideon,-Here I am almost at home again. I fancy that you didn't expect I to see me just at present; for I wasn't able to write to you before we left Demerara; so, as we are now sending ashore here, I post you a few lines to prepare you for the sur prise. It is, as you know, quite unusual for vessels of this line to call at Plymouth, and therefore I haven't time to send you a long 1 letter; though, if we should call at South ampton, I will write again from there. I have told Doddard to send some one to meet me at Gravesend; let him take down any letters that you may want me to see at once. Yours affectionately, SOLOMON." " Well, I never did !" cried Mr. Doddard. "Yet I could swear to Mr. Pudater's hand writing anywhere. It is a terrible thing for a man who ought to be lying quietly in his coffin to come back like this, and upset every one's calculations." " You are certain about the handwriting ?" asked Mr. Maggleby anxiously. "Quite certain " replied Mr. Doddard. " What a frightful thing for poor Mrs. Pud. ster." "Mrs. 3laggleby, you mean," said Mr. Maggleby. ' Yes. I don't know how to break it to her. It's a case of bigamy; isn't it ?" "Let us hope for the best, air. Mr. Pudster won't prosecute, I fancy, consider ing the peculiar character of the circum stances. It's his fault. That's my opinion. I could swear, even now, that we buried him. He must have revived in his coffin, and been dug up again by the grave-diggers; and must then have gone over to Demerara, in order to avoid shocking his poor wife." "I wonder our Demerara agents didn't say something about it when they wrote by the last mail," said Mr. Maggleby. " Oh, of course he kept them quiet, sir. But it's a cruel case- that's all I have to say. And though I have known Mr. Pud ster these thirty years, and liked him too, I don't hesitate to say that he's not behaving straightforwardly in this piece of busi ness." "Hush ! Wait until you know of his motives," said Mr. Maggleby. " He can't excuse himself, sir, I tell you," rejoined Mr. Doddard warmly. " If he comes back, I go. So there I And I say it with all respect to you, sir. When a man's once dead, he's got no right to come back again. It isn't natural; and what's more, it isn't business-like." The bitterness of Mr. Doddard's remarks in this connection may be partly accounted for by consideration of the fact that Mr. Maggleby had a few days previously an. nounced his intention of taking the head clerk into partnership at an early date. Mr. Pudster's return would of course knock this project on the head. " Well, Doddard," said Mr. Maggleby, "we can't mend matters by talking. We can only wait; and, perhaps, when we see Mr. Pudster, we shall find that" But Mr. Maggleby's philosophical remarks were suddenly cut short by the unexpected arrival of Mrs. Maggleby upon the scene. Sherushed into the private room, stretched forth a letter, and fell sobbing upon her husband's neck. Mr. Maggleby placed his wife in a chair, opened a cupboard, gave her a glass of wine, took theletter, and read it. Like the others, it was dated from on board the Camel, off Plymouth. "My own dearest Wife," it ran -"In a few hours from this I shall, I hope, be with you once more, never again to leave you. I ought to have already apprised you of the probable date of my return; but at the last moment before starting, I had no op portunity of writing. How glad I shall be to see you I My long absence has been a great trial to me, and I feel sure that it has tried you; but it is now almost at an end. I will, if possible, write again from South. ampton, and tell you exactly when to expect me. The sea in the Channel is so rough that at present it is difficult to say when we shall get into the river.-Your ever loving husband, . SoLOMONS." "It is most painful!" gasped Mrs. Mag gleby. "What can we do, Gideon? You must manage to meet Solomon at Gravesend. Look in the newspaper, and see whether Camel has been signalled yet. He most bear first of what has happened either from my lips or from yours; and I am really not well enough to go myself. I thought that he was lying cold in his coffin. Oh, that I should have committed bigamy ! I ought to have remained faithful to his memory. This is my punishment. But he must-he shall forgive me." Mr. Doddard had gone into the outer office, and had sent a clerk for acopy of the Times. With this he now returned; and the paper was opened on Mr. Maggleby's table, and eagerly scanned for news of the Camel " Here we have it I" said Mr. Doddard at last. "' Steamship Camel, from Demerara to London, with cargo and passengers, was signalled off Dover at one o'clock this morn ing.'-Then Mr. Pudeter oill be at Graves in as hour or two, sir." "Go, Gideon, go 1" exclaimed Mrs. Mag gleby. "Lose no time. Take a special train if necessary. Tell him all, and implore his forgiveness." "Yes, I think I had better go, Maria," said Mr. Maggleby. "Iwill send a clerk home with you, and will telegraph to you as soon as I see your-your late husband. the meantime, try to be calm. Please them to call a cab, Doddard." Mr. Doddard returned to the outer office, and despatched a messenger for two cabs. Mr. Maggleby handed Mrs. Maggleby into one of them, and a clerk followed her. Then the unfortunate man went back for a moment to his private room to study Brad shaw on the best and speediest route from London to Gravesend. There was a train at a quarterpast eleven. Itwas then a quarter to eleven. "And when will he be at Gravesend?" asked Mr. Mlaggleby. IMr. Doddard turned again to the Times. But instead of at once lighting upon the shipping news his eye fell upon a parageranh that occupied a not very conspicuous posi- . tion at the foot of the page. Suddenly he uttered a cry. "What's the matter, Doddard?" de- C manded Mr. Maggleby, who was rapidly I growing impatient. . Mr. Doddard replied by bursting into a paroxysm of laughter. " By Jove 1" he ex- a claimed, "this is too ridicnlous I neveri heard of such a thing in my life I It is like c aplay I Ha, ha, ha !" "Your merriment is rather ill-timed," t cried Mr, Maggleby reproachfully. "Tell me when Mr. Padster will arrive at Graves end; and be quick, or I shall lose that train." "Apump, too I" continued the head clerk hilariously. "You're mad,Ithink," saidMr. Maggley. " What do you mean 1" "Well, read this, sir," answered Mr. Doddard, and he handed the Times to his principal and pointed to the paragraph. Mr Maggleby testily took the paper, ad justed his spectacles, and read : " Extraordinary Discoveryat Plymouth. The corporation of Plymouth recently deci ded to remove an old and disused pump which for many years has stood handleless and dry on the foe. Yesterday morning. some workmen proceeded to remove it, and in its interior they were astonished to dis cover a number of letters, which had, it is supposed, been put into the hole into which the handle formerly fitted, under the delu sion that the pump was a post office pillar letter-box. The letters were at once taken to the Plymouth post-office, and were with out delay forwarded to their destinations." "Can it betrue?" ejaculated Mr. Maggleby, with a great sigh of relief. "Then the fact of the Camel having been signalled last night off Dover is merely a coincidence ?" " Most certainly," said Mr. Doddard. "Thank Heaven I" cried Mr. Maggleby fervently. "Send the cab away, Doddard. But no i I'll go home again at once, and set my poor wife at ease. Ha. ha I do remem ber now, that when poor Mr. Pudster came home from his last voyage, he discovered that some letters which he had posted at Plymouth had not been delivered. We didn't miss them, because, as you recollect, Doddard, he wrote again from Southampton." "Of course he did, sir," said Mr. Doddard. "Well let us congratulate ourselves. It would have been a fearful business for Mrs. Maggleby to have to go through." "And it would have been bad for you, Doddard, for it would have spoilt your chance of a partnership for some time to come. Now, I'm off." Mr. Maggleby put the Times in his pocket, and departed ; and when he reached his home and showed the paper to his wife, the couple sat together for at least half an hour. talk. ing over the extraordinary nature of the ad venture. "Well we shall be able to go to Madame Tussaud's and the theatre after all, Maria," said Mr. Maggleby at luncheon. And go they did; and what is more, Mr. Doddard became a partner a fortnight later, the firm thenceforward being known as Maggleby and and Doddard. 