By the Fire. BY' L. T. MEADE, AUTHOR OF " SO A Mr AND I," ETC. The first part of the strange story which I am about to tell happened some ten years ago. Ten years ago I was in the first sorrow of my widowhood. I was childless, too; and when the grave oloacd over my huBband I thought that there was no place left for me in the world. I was rich, youog ; and my friends, and my own reflection in the glass, told me that I was beautiful. Of course I had many acquaintances; what rich young widow has not? But acquaint ances and friends differ widely, I did not care for the people who flattered and made much of me, but I turned, even in the first days of my trouble, to one friend. She, too, was young and beautiful. We were schoolfellows : we were engaged at the same time : wc were married in the same month of the same year. During the three years of my married life wc had seen little of each other, but when my husband died, and Mary Clifford wrote ^ to me tenderly out of her full heart, I answered back her love. She askod me to stay with her, and I went. How peaceful were those days spent in her beautiful home I The houBe and place were called Aspen's Vale. The house was many centuries old. Its architecture was re markable ; its rooms curious. It was a rambling old place, and of oourse it had a ghost. It stood in the midBt of very lovely grounds, over looking wood and river. Al together, it was one of the show-places in shire, I stayed with the Cliffords for a couple of months. During that time the house was quiet, visitors few—they eschewed company for my sake. At the end of two mouths I left them, comforted and helped, and with many pro mises of a return by-aud-by. Circumstances, however, too varied and too many to mention, prevented that second visit taking place for a couple of years. At the end of that time a great longing came over me to see Mary Clifford again. I must write to her, and propose a visit. I did so. By return of post I got a short, but characteristic reply :— "Dkahest Honor,—Of course I long to see you, but unfortunately the housi is ful1. Largo as it is, it is crammed from cellar to attir. "ily dear, I don't want to refuse you. I do long to sec you. Will you sleep in the Tapestry room ? for of course it is empty. 1 dare not put anybody else tliere, but I don't think you, Honnr, will be nfraid of the glmst. If tho Tapes try room will do, come, and a thousand welcomes. I can put up your inuid.—Ynur loving Friend. Mart Clifford." To this letter I made a short answer .— " I do not believe in tho ghost. The Tapestry room willdoboautifully. Expoctincto-morrow." The next cveniug I arrived at Aspen's Vale in time for dinner. The Tapestry room looked charming. I fell in love with it ou the spot, and vowed laughingly that the ghost and I would mike friends. My maid, however, looked grave over my jesting remarks ; it was plain that she be lieved in supernatural visitations. Gaiety of heart, however, was over me. I could not resist the cheerful influences of my old friend's company. I felt happier than I had done since my husband's death, and after a very delightful evening, retired to my room, feeling brave enough to en counter any number of ghosts that might choose to visit me. The Tapestry room was quite away from the rest of the house—it was at the extreme end of a wing. No other bed-rooms were in this wing. There were a smoking-room, a morning room, and a little oriel chamber, which Mrs. Clifford in her early married life had curiously fitted up for herself, but now sel dom occupied. Neither did she believe in the ghost, but she confessed that this little oriel chamber had an eerie feet. The morning-room opposite, cheerful and pretty enough, was unused. Its furniture was antique, it belonged to a by-gone day, and its inhabitants were dead. The smok ing-room also was deserted ; even the fumes of tobacco had left it, the squire preferring a more ccntral apartment in the modern part of the house. Altogether, this wing of the old house seemed dead. Visitors only came to it out of curiosity ; they paid brief visits, and pre ferred doing so in broad daylight. It must nave been quite a hundred years since the Tapestry room in the far end of this wing had been slept in. Old as the other rooms in the wing looked, the Tapes try room bore quite the palm for ancient appearance. There was not an article of furniture in it, not a chair, not a table, which must not have seen the light of centuries. The furniture was all of tbe blackest oak, the bed-stead the usual four-poster on which our ancestors loved to stretch themselves. But tho curious feature of the room, that which gave it its name, was the tapestry. INot an inch of the walls was to be seen ; they were bung completely with very ancient and very faded tapestry. There was a story about this tapestry. One Dame Clifford, of long, long by-gone days, had worked it, with tbe help of her maidens. She had come to an untimely end on the very day on which the great work of her life had been completed. It docs not matter to this story what be came of the proud and fair dame, but it was her ghost which was said to haunt the wing, and the Tapestry chamber in particular. Warden, my maid, as she helped me to un dress, looked quite pale with terror. " They do say, ma'am, as Dame Clare Clif ford appears with her head tucked under her arm, and threads from the old tapestry hang ing to her skeleton fingers. She's dressed in grey silk, that don't rustle never a bit, 'tis so thick it might stand all alone, they do Bay. 'Tis awful lonesome for you, madam, to Bleep here alone, and I'll stay with you with pleasure if it comes to that, though my nerves arn't none of the stron gest." I thanked Warden, however, and aeBured her that I was not in tho least afraid ; and she, with a well-relieved face, left me alone. 1 heard her footsteps echoing down the cor ridor—they died away. I was now out of roach of all human help, for in this distant room, in this distant wing, no possible sounds could reach any other inhabitants of Aspen's Vale. I think I have implied that I was brave. In my girlhood, in my short married life, even in the sad depression of my early widowhood, I had never known physical fear ; nevertheless, when the last of War den's footstepB echoed out and died, and that profound stilness followed which can be oppressive, I had a curious sensation. I did not call it fear, I did not know it for that grim and pale-faced tyrant ; but it made me uncomfortable, and caused my heart to beat irregularly. The sensation was this—I felt that I was not alone. Of course it was fancy ; and what had I to do with fancy ? I determined to banish this Unoomfor ' fable feeling from my mind, and stirring the fire to a cheerful blaze, I drew one of the black oak chairs near it and sat down. Warden bad looked so pale and frightened before she left me, that out of consideration for her feelings I had allowed her to leave the jewels which I had worn that evening on the dressing-table. _ There they lay, a set of very valuable bril-1 Hants. There was an old- fashioned mirror over the mantelpiece, and as I sat by the fire I saw the reflection of my diamonds in the glass. As I noticed their sparkle, again that strange sensation returned ; this time more strongly, this time with a cold shiver. / was not alone. Who was in the Tapestry ohamber ? Was it the ghoBt ? Was that story true, after all 1 Of course I did not believe it. I laughed aloud as the idea came to me.. I felt that I was getting quite silly and nervous. There was nothing for me but to get into bed as quickly as possible. I was about to rise from my easy-chair and go over to the old-fashioned four- poster, when again my attention waB attracted to the glass over my head. It was hung in such a way as to revest a large portion of the room, and now I saw, not the diamonds, but something else. In the folds of the dim and old-world tapestry I saw something move and glitter. I looked again ; there was no mistaking it— it was an Eye, a human eye, looking fixedly at me through a hole in the canvas. Now I knew why I felt that I was not alone. There was some one hidden between the tapestry hangings and the wall of the cham ber. Some one—not a ghost. That eye was human, or I had never looked on human eye before. I was alone with a thief, perhaps with worse, and gems of immense value lay within his reach. I was absolutely alone, not a soul could hear the most agonised cry for help in this distant room. Now I knew—if I had ever doubted it be fore—that I was a very brave woman. The imminence of the peril steadied the nerves which a few minutes before were beginning strangely to quiver. I neither started nor exclaimed. I felt that I had in no way betrayed my knowledge to my terrible guest. I sat perfectly still, thinking out the situation ami my chances of escape. Nothing but consummate coolness could win the victory. I resolved to be very cool. With a fervent aud passionate cry to One above for succour, I-rose from my chair, and going to the dressing-table, I stippei several costly rings off my fingers. I left them scattered carelessly about. 1 denuded my Belf of all but my wedding-ring. Then I put the extinguishers on the candles —they were wax, and stood in massive silver candlesticks. The room, however, was still brilliant with the light of the fire on the hearth. I got into bed, laid my head on the pillow, and closed my eyes. It may have been ten minutes—it seemed more like an hour to my strained senses— before I heard the faintest movement. Then I discovered a little rustle behind the tapeB try, and a man got out. When he did so I opened ray eyes wide ; at that distance he could not possibly see whether they were open or shut. He was a powerful man, of great height and breadth. He had a black beard, and a quantity of thick black hair. I noticed his features, which were tolerably 1 regular. I also noticed anotherpeculiarity; amongst his raven locks were one perfectly white. One rather thick wbite lock was flung back off his forehead—so white was it that the fire-light instantly revealed it to me. The man did not glance towards the bed, : he went straight, with no particularly qniet step, to the dressing-table. I closed my eyes now, but I heard him taking up my trinkets and dropping them again. Then he ap proached the bed-Bide. I felt him come close, I felt his breath as he bent over me. I was lying on ray side, my eyes were shut, I was breathing gently. He went away again ; he returned to the dressing-table. I heard him rather noisily strike a match, then with a lighted candle in his hand he once more approached the bed. This time he bent very low indeed, and I felt the beat of the flame as he passed it softly before my closed eyes. 1 lay still, however; not a movement, not a hurried breath betrayed me. I heard him give a short satisfied sigh. Again, candle in hand, he returned to the dressing-table. Once more I heard the clink ing sonnd of my trinkets as they fell through his fingers. There was a pause, and then—for no rea son that I couid ever explain—he left the i trinkets untouched on the table, and went to the door. He opened the door and went out. I did not know what he -went for—perhaps to fetch a companion, certainly to return—but I did know that my opportunity had come. In an instant, quicker than thought, I had started from my feigned slumbers ; I was at the door, I had bolted and locked it. There were several bolts to this old-faBhioned door, there were even chains. I drew every bolt, I made every rusty chain secure. I was not au instant too soon. I had scarcely fastened tbu last chain, with fingers that trembled, before the thief re turned. He saw that he had been outwitted, and his savage anger komv tin bounds. He kicked at the door, he calltd on nu- wildly to open it; he Assured me thit in: had accomplices outside, that they would soon burst the old door from its hinges, and my life would bo the forfeit. To my terror, I pi^eivcd that his words were no idle boast. The old door, secured : by its many fastenings on the one side, was . weak on the other; iti hinges were nearly ] eaten through with runt ; they needed but | some vigorous kicks to hurst them from their , resting places in the wood. I I knew that I was only protected for a few minutes, that even if the thief was alone, lie had but to continue to assail the door as vigorously as ho was now doing for a little longer, to gain a fresh entrance into my j chamber, j I rushed to the window, I threw up the | sash and bent half out. Into the clear oalm air of the night I sent my strong young voice. " Help, help I —thieves I—fire !—danger I —help, help I I shouted these words over and over, but there was no response except an echo. My room looked into a distant shrubbery ; the hour was late, the whole household in bed. The thief outside was evidently making way with the ruBty hinges, and I was pro paring, at the risk of any consequenccs, the moment he entered the room to leap from the window, when I heard a dog bark. I redoubled my cries. The bark of the dog was followed by footsteps ; they came nearer, treading down fallen branches, which orackled under the welcome steps. The next instant a man came and Btood under the window, and looked up at me. I perceived by his dress that he was a villager, probably taking a short cut to his house. He stood under the window; he seemed terrified ; perhaps he took me for the ghost. He was not, however, all a coward, for he spoke. "What is wrong?" he said. "This iB wrong," I answered) "I am in extreme danger—extreme danger, There is not a moment to lose. Go ioetantly—in stantly, and wake np the bouse, and aay that I, Mrs. Crawford, am in extreme danger in the Tapestry wing. Go at once—at once 1" I spoke distinctly, and tho man seemed to understand, lie flew away, the dog follow ing him. I instantly threw myself on my knees, and in the terrible moments that followed I prayed as I had never prayed before. Would the man be in time ? Must my young life be sacrificed ? Ah ! no. God was good, I heard joyful sounds ; the thief's attacks on the door ceased suddenly, and the next instant the squire's hearty voice was heard. "Let me in, Honor J What is wrong child !" I did let him in, and hiB wife, and Beveral alarmed-looking servants who followed after. We inBtantly began to look for the thief, but—mystery of mysteries—ho had disap peared. The terrible man with the black hairand white lock over his forehead had vanished as completely as though he had never been. Except for the marks he had made with his feet on the old oak door, there was not a trace of his existence. I believe the servants doubted that he had ever been, and only thought that the young lady who was foolish enough to sleep in the . Tapestry chamber had been visited by a new form of the ghost. lie that as it may, we never got a clue to where or how the man had vanished. Ten years later I was again on a visit at Aspen's Vale. This time 1 did not sleep in the Tapestry room. I now occupied a most cheerful, modern, and unghost-likc room, and but for one cir cumstance my visit would have been thoroughly unremarkable. This was the circumstance which seems in a wonderful way to point a moral to my BY THE Ft HE.—(See Tale,) curious talc. I paid my visit to the Miffords during the Assizes. Squire Clifford, as one of the most influential county magnates, was necessarily much occupicd with his magis terial duties during this time. Every morn ing he went early into Lewis, the town where the Assizes were held. One morning he told us of a case which interested him. " He is a hardened villian," he said ; "he bas again and again been brought before me, but has never yet been convicted. He is unquestionably a thief ; indeed, one of the notorious characters in the place ; but ho is buoIi a slippery dog, no jury has yet found him guilty. Well, he is to be tried again to day, and I do hope we shall have some luck with him this time." The squire went away, aud it came into his wife's head and mine to pay a visit to the court, and see for ourselves the prisoner in whom he was interested. No sooner said than done. We drove into Lewis, and presently found ourselves in the I large and crowded building. When we en tered, the ease under discussion had not commenced, but a moment after a fresh pri soner was ushered into the dock. \ What was the matter with mo? I found my sight growing dim, I found myself bend ing forward, and peering hard. The memory of an old terror camo back, tho sen sation of a couplc of hours of mortal agony returned to me again. Who was in the pri soner's dock 1 1 knew the mau. He was my gueBt of tho Tapestry chamber of ten years ago. There ho stood, surly, indilTeicut, with his vaBt breadth and height, his raven-black hair,,and that peculiar white lock flung back from bis brow. He did not glauoe at any one, but kept his eyes on the ground. I could not contain myself; I forgot everything but my sense of discovery. I started to my feet, and spoke. " Mr. Clifford, I know that mn.n ; ho was in my room ten years ago, Vq you reinem ber the night when I got the terrible fright in the Tapestry chambcr in your house ? There is the man who frightened me. I could neverforgethis face. There he stands." Whatever effects my words had on the squire and the judge, there is no doubt at all of their remarkable significance to the pri soner. His indifference left him ; ho stared with wide-open and terrified eyes at me. It was plain that if I rcoogniscd him, ho also recognised me. All his bravado left him ; he muttered something, his face was blanched, then suddenly he fell on his knees and covered it with his hands. My evidence was remarkable and con clusive ; and that day, for the first time, Hercules Armstrong was committed to prison. He had long been the terror of the neighbour hood, and no one regretted the just punish ment whioh had fallen on him. What his subsequent career may be I know not; this is the present end of a strange and perfectly true story. 