Items of Newsr - The pleuro is dying out at Tanunda. _-, The Gawler Y.M.C. A. is to be wound up. Sacred to the memory of the Gawler E.V.P. ? What is the Bear about that the cable is so qniet ? ? . rue revenue oi Jiussia was atjLii,umj,uuu in 1882. ; ' Sacred to the ? memory of the Gawler Y.M.C.A. The Murray River iB lower than it has been for years. ? A brilliant lecture last Friday, but not enough to hear it. The Corporation on Monday night had a very orderly meeting. . . The San Francisco mail arrived at Auck land on Monday, June 1. The plantation committee are still intent on beautifying the town. The Treasurer hss ffinn inotrnninnns' tn float a loan of £1,560,000. After all the Chinese war is not over, and the £2,000,000 will be wanted. Frozen meat sent from Melbourne realised 4Jd per 1b. in the London market. Why . has the Corporation cut off the water from the Recreation Ground ? \-- Tenders have been opened in Victoria for the railway to the South Australian Border. We are sorry to see that oar-townsman, Mr. Cross, is not yet able to throw awav his sticks. . Can't the police find. who committed the dastardly outrage at'Mf. Malcolm's resi dence? The Sydney Government proposed to float a loan of some . millions for their water scheme. The Road Board will not have anything to do with planting the road to the Railway Station. \- We have had some nice showers, but enough rains haB not yet fallen for the farmers. After a good deal of see-sawing it seems that Dr. Moran will be appointed Archbishop of Dublin, - . WhlT «hnnld Tint. +.JlA f?Aimftil -vat. oa tvm/*ti for their grass on the Recreation Ground as they can ? A good deal of nnisance has been caused by people burning rubbish in their gardens in Gawler. Mr. Coles was banqnetted at Kapunda on Tuesday evening. Some of the Ministry were there. Messrs, Fisher and Butler on Wednesday found a nugget 4½ oz. in their claim at Gumeracha. By the by- ? , what has become of the 'Snowflakes.' The winter is on, and they make no sign. There was a queer row at Sandy Creek. We think the district constable was too free with his stuff. The rainfall in Adelaide for the month of May was 2-242, being 0G83 below the general average. Some people think that if the fee to the Institute is made too low, too many people will visit the room. Mr. Burton thinks papers a day old, and periodicals a month old, are good enough for 10a. subscribers. PigB it is said will eat coal, and it has been often noticed that they get fat quickly when they can get amongst it. It is stated that a party of miners on the King River, Tasmania, have obtained 32 ounces of gold in 10 days. The Gawler Y.M.C.A. came in with a great flourish, and have gone ont like a rushlight. Who is to blame ? The Queen always sleeps in a wooden bed of a particular shape. She sends one where she is going to stop and sleep. On Tuesday, June 2, a laborer fell from the top of the Post-office Tower in Sydney, 140 feet, and was picked up dead. The rear of one of our butchers' premises seems to be in a chronic state of dirt. It appears there is no drainage at all. Jim Duff says two shillings is too much to pay for a blooming lecture. He would rather see the ' Snowflakes.' The blackfellowB beat the Wanderers at football on the Adelaide Oval on Friday, 4 goals 9 behinds to 3 goals 7 behinds. Mr. J. A. Dowie has just been released aiter a mourns connnetnent in Melbourne for unlawfally marching in procession. In the neighborhood of Truro and the Murray Flats the crops are looking very sickly. The want of rain is badly felt. Spite of the times the late Lord Wilton's champagne sold at £12 10s.; £15 ; and £20 10a. a dozen. Rather expensive tipple. The Bunyip thinks the corroborree in town was but a poor affair. Nothing like what he has seen on the Park Lands years ago. Is it true that this world was once a mass of hot vapor thrown off from the sun, and is now cooling down previous to dying out ? Russia in Europe, including Poland and Finland, has a population of 83,000,000. Russia in Asia has a population of 14,700,000. Mr. Crump presented a list of 65 persons to the Institute Committee who were wil ling f.n lipnnmo finl-ioni.iKona «il- 1A9 nn. «.*._«—. * ***^ ww UVWWU.U UHWOVLlU^l D ttU M.\JOt UCt ttUlIUUI. Young men, secure tickets and turn up at the Wesleyan Church on Thursday night. You may hear something to your advantage. It was only in 1851 that Bismark began his diplomatic career, and it was 11 years after before he went into Ministerial harness. The Inspector is blamed for acting without instructions ; then he is blamed for not acting without instructions. What is be to do? Councillor Hutchinson should not throw any impediments in the way of relatives fencing in the graves of their departed friends. The London Press states, so says the Agent-General, that 25 per cent, of the Contingent on board the Arab are down with sickness. Twelve men of the Qaeensland Naval Brigade have volunteered to go to New Guinea with the expedition for returning islanders. The Russian Bear has consented to every thing. Very suspicious, thinks the Bunyip prophet. How about England fortifying the boundary ? More strikes : The Greta coal miners at Newcastle have given notice that they will cease work on Saturday unless all disputes are settled. Mr. Crump don't want to get the benefit Of the Institute as a matter of charity. He thinks 10a. a year quite sufficient for the subscription. Did the firing of the salute of 19 guns yesterday in the police paddock frighten anyone into the belief that the Russians were coming ? Pepper's ghost again ! Will not the Treasurer bury that £3 cheque? The public have had enough of it, and the ghost should be'laid once and for ever. Sixty persons have been out searching for the lost boy of Mr. W. Sparrow, at Milti cent. He was found after 48 hours' expo sure to the cold and wet. Doing well. The Simpson's road branch of the National Bank, Melbourne, was stuck np in an audacious mauner on Wednesday morning, and £1,125 stolen by men in crape masks. Mr. Deuholm, the dancing master, has be come insolvent. One of the Committee of the Institute proposed that the account should be seut down reneinteil Sirnifin very. ' A plum for Russia. It is notified in Herat, to the surprise and irritation of the population and Afghan soldiers, that the British Government intend to cede Peni Deh to Russia. A little girl 12 years of age, named Clara Crosby, was 'ost in the bush iu Victoria for 21 days. When found Blie was in a very exhausted condition. She had lived on berries and roots. 