§ parting ftotesi, *c. RACING EVENTS TO COJIF. YMJC Antrnnn JlertinC Fel.nwTy 2*. Varch 25. Lopin «id Albert J.C Annual Meeting, Man-h 17, IS. Eocthaaipton J.C. Aauoal Mooting, Jon*- 1&, 19. Ox Wednesday eveninr list the annual meet ing of subscribers to the Fitzroy Racing Club was held at the Criterion Hotel. Mr. J. F. Raj-tv Tirraided. the attendance beirur rather flmnM. A very satisfactory report and balance-sheet were laid before the members, showing that the receipts for the year amounted to £531 16s. 6-L, whilst the ex penditure was £509 Us. 3d., leaving a credit balance of £2?. 5e. Id. Dnring the progress of the meeting, Mr. T. Motgan adverted in eulogistic terms to the able manner in which the Hon- Secretary, Mr. Chester Master, had fulfilled his duties, adding that to that gentleman's good management the success of the Club was mainly due. On Mr. Morgan's suggestion a. honorarium, of £30 was voted to Mr. Master as a slight acknowledgment of the energy and ability he had displayed in the interests of the Club. The proposal was unanimously agreed to, and the Secretary expressed his thanks for the compliment paid kirn, promising no effort on his part should be wanting in the future to increase the prosperity of the Club. It must be very gratifying to all con cerned to find a balance to their credit, and I cannot refrain from reiterating the opinion that still greater success might be attuned if & more suitable time of the year were chosen for the annual meeting. At Christmas races are held at nearly every town is the colony, and therefore none but half-buned local nags can be expected to compete. This in itself is a strong reason for some earlier or later date, not mentioning the unsuitable weather and the many counter attractions. Visitors who attended the Earn Park Races on New Tear's Day were so satisfied with the success of the meeting, and the manner in which the programme was carried out, that at the settling a subscription list was opened, and £35 promised in the room towards a fund for another race meeting at Easter. It is quite probable a respectable sum will be ran for on that occasion. Meanwhile promoters of the afiair may Bee their way to form, a Club, wider whose auspices two or three small race meetings a yearcooM easily be carried cut. Such a capital place for racing deserves to be utilised to ita fullest extent, and I trust those gentlemen who worked so energetically to make tine late meeting ' go oft,' will further exert themselves to make the Emu Park Racing Club an institution. The two-year-old progeny of the following sires are eligible to compete for the Peak Downs Jockey Club Sires* Produce Stakes of the present year, to be ran. in July next ; — fiofhnA Ercnlight, Stockdale, The Rate Standard Bearer, and Traveller. The mares nominated for the Peak Downs Mares1 Pro duce Stakes of 1SS7, for then two-year-olds, are few in number, and nothing like what was to be expected. They are as follow : — Sir. A* Henry's Florence ; Mr. W\ K. Peberdy'e ElUnore, Small Star, and White Face ; Mr. \- C P- Martyr's Cora and Nina ; Mr. T. J. Hfltfield'e Decoy and Flirt ; and Mr. W. H Kettle's Rosey. Maryborough M'i«nnT''*r Meeting was held on New Year's Day, which enabled the competitors at the Gympie meeting to attend. Tb& Trial Stakes went to the Kelpie mare Jessica, who defeated Rally and Latchkey in that order. The New Year's Gift lay be tween Mr. Finriie'e Medusa -9st I31ba-), Cossack (TsL lib.), and Phanrix \7st. lib.}, the mare winning cleverly by half a length from Cossack. The Corinthian Cup was won comfortably by Cossack (Qst. SIb.(. his op ponents being Bally (9st. lGlb.J, and Tristan (Sat. 121b.) The All-aseA Stakes (w.La.) pro duced a good race between Sportsman and Jessica, the former winning by a head in 1*19 for the six furlongs, which is smart going. The Hack Handicap, after a lively set-to, was appropriated by Latchkey (list. 131b.) in a field of six ; HWos (list. Sib.) second. The Farewell Handicap was carried off pretty comfortably by Phitnix (6st. 1 31b.) who was followed by Sportsman (lOst. Sll-.), Jessica (7st* 121b.K and two others. Townsville had a very successful race meeting on Boxing Day. Five started for the Flyin' Handicap, which was won by The Moor (G st. lOlbs.); CUreJice (Gat. 5 lbs.) being second, and Kettledrum (10 st) third. Speculation (10 st.) also ran. Ulondin won the Welter IIan.lieap easily, l-einj,' followed by Newmarket and Commotion. Eight started for the Christmas Gift, which Lady (7 et. 61bs.) won easily: Newmarket (Sst. G lbs.) second. Lonl Loftus and Herod fell, and the other competitors, including Rich mond Gem (9st- 121bs.) were distanced. Oscar (12 st.) won the Hurdle Race in his own time. Scud and Newmarket baulking. New bolt (9bL) won the Ladies' Purse with aome thing in hand; Blondin (7 st. Gibs.) second, and Herod {9sL) third. The Consolation Stakes went to Elector (f- st 121ha.), who won a line race from Lord Loftus (Sst. lOlbs.) Cliarters Towers meeting was huM on New Year's Day, and attracted j^wd fields of horses and a lax^r£ niun'ncr of spectatws. Epicure won the Maiden from Shilling and Baronut. Oscar appropriated the Hurdle Race as he pleased. Nine started for the New Years Gift, which Blondin Gst. ftUM won comfort ably from Lord Loftas (iist, 71b.) and Specula tion (Sst. Gib.) Time, 2niin. iTaeis. Scud (lOet.) won tlit Corintliiau by a length from Commotion (list.) and Richmond Gem (list. 21b.)t in2min. 25£secs. The Miners' Purse v went to New bolt -9st. 2lb.), who won with and quarter, 2mm. 20£se& Fire competed for the Consolation Stakes, which was won easily by Specnlation -7st- 101b.), Ace (7st. 31U.) second, and Lord Loftus (Sst. 51b.) third. £21 G were paid to winners at the settling, the money being very evenly divided, Mr. G. Aubrey and Dr. Frost being at the top of the list. At the CharlerOle New Year's Day races Little Nell won the Maiden Plate, Publicans' Purse, Forced Handicap, and ran Becond for the New Year Handicap, won by Little King. Not a bad record for & one -day meeting. On the same day, at Roma, Petrel won the big money \ K'lg of the Ring second. King of the Ring won £he Farewell Handicap. Springfield won the Tambo Christmas Handicap, and Darkness the Flying Handicap, both being close races. On Boxing Day, at Gympie, Mr. Frame's Medusa. (9st. 111b,) won the Christmas Han dicap, beating Cossack (7st.), formerly the property of Mr. Frank Tally, after a good race in 2'44. Ou the following day in the Giaid Stand Handicap, Cossack turned the tables on the mare, winning by half & length. Bally won the Half-mile Spin and Miners' Purse ; Sportsman the Ladles* Bracelet ; and Cast Ashore the Flying Handicap. At Mr. Clibborn's sale on Saturday last, the following where among the highest prices realised for thoroughbreds, most of which be longed to Mr. A. F^Smart ;— Warwick, to Mr. W, Gannon, 700 guineas ; Archie, Mr. W . A. Long, 530 guineas ; Privateer, Mr. Long, 400 guineas ; Burildah, Mr. S. Wright, 400 guineas ; Ac. Sir Modred, winner of the last Metropolitan Stakes, was passed in at 900 goiaeua. Mr. J. P. Jost has sold his fine stallion Sportsman to Mr. Masrie. An exchange says : ? 'It seems that Archer can flog horses as well as any other jockey, for he cut up Duke of Richmond moat un mercifully when he hadn't the ghost of a chance with St. Gatien. He afterwards had some disagreement with the owner of the colt, the Duke of Richmond, and handed in bis cap and jacket It is said that the Duke m.jisn found a^rievance in A*rtiT tqliring to &- bookmaker. Archer replied that he was a married man who had made a home for bis family, and realised an independence, and if riia Duke disapproved of his conduct Archer thought he could m^ntnf' his home without Mb Grace's patronage.' '* EGpparion™ writes as follows in the Golonirt:— The Gympie Turf Club intend to give away about £600 to be run for next winter, in addition bo cups and bracelets, promised by private persons, the most pro minent and liberal amongst whom is tft*^ staunch supporter of tie dub and ardent sportsman, Sir. Spitzel, of Mary-street, so that the value to be ran for will be over 700 sovs. If tbi Maryborough club wort witft a wHL there should he no difficulty in raising as much money ; the receipts from gates, booths, stand, subscriptions, and fotelisator cover the most of the amount given away, whilst an active fftTTimit.tf^TTi^ght*-ap1y double the present number of members. Appended are the nominations for riip Q.T.C. Derby to be run at Eagle Farm at the Spring Meeting in November next; — Mr. J, Sowertv-a c^. Barnmiitr, *- K*nff Cole— Le&uiul; Mr- C H. Payne's brX Constance, by Marrbyrnong— Ur. K. Lyons' brx.SottrapJb}- Specolataon— Sldt Ur.A.T. Coofd htl Zecobia, br Etagooi— Imoficite Ur. Chutes Bateau eJ Peri, by Sfelboaine-PtKebe lEr.J.rutnie'scc, brMewboU-Ladr Daldsia Mr. J. Fuurie's hr.c^ br Newbold— Mabel Ur. J. flonic's Itrj^ by Xt*ix-ld-5omJ Ur.T. itnvfoid'sdUL, by Ercdaor— Echo Mr. El A. Smiths bri. Fionnw, by Italiw— Eoston Ut. J. P. Jort* s --h r t by Dnnwwr — £mpns9 Mr. J.P. Jotit'abtkiL, hv TaUalCain- -ScaShcU Ur. J. P. Josfr b-L, by Enignuu— lane Mr. J. P. Joat's bri. VESO. CRICKET. j,« in f 1st Zinsari e. AJfundn 7^ jZ 1 Rockteimpton t Albert JW- ll ( -ad Zingari r. Fitzroy Jil U ( 'fitaroy c Eoddnunptoa Jut. 31 ( Ai£ELadn r. Albert After three weeks' spell the usual cricket matches re- commence this afternoon. No doubt after this rest cricket will go on with increased vigour during the remainder of the The English Eleven played a two- day match at Sandhurst on the 23rd and 24th December. They occupied the wickets the entire two days, scoring 57G with the loss of six wickets * The principal scores were : — Barnes 109, Bates 107, Briggs (not out) 98, Flowers 92, Ulyett 75, Attewell (oot out) 37. The usual match between the North and South Tasmania ti a resulted in a win for the South by an innings and 44 runs. For the winners. Gatehouse scored 133, the total of the innings being 363. For Ballarat, Musgrove scored 109 against the English Eleven. The match was drawn in favour of the local t^ra. The A«*tralaxian gives currency to a report that Bonner and Palmer, of the Australian Eleven, are going to settle down in Sydney and BrislKine respectively. What a struggle then will be among the Brisbane Clubs to have Palmer's name on their lists. A match was played at Carcoar, N.S.W., on New Year's Day between the local team and an Eleven from Mount SI 'Donald. The home eleven scored 2.t4 nmu and the \\-ieitors J. Fa^an went in first and i n i ji jpn* bat out for 121, having been five hours at the wickets. The interprovincial match between Auck nine wickets. diuaxy character was played in Brisbane lately between the Stanley C.C. and West Eod (Ipswich) dub. The Stanleys scored 100 runs, Neeson33 (not out) being the chief of 122, of which 96 were made by C Martin i No other batsman made more than 4, and the wonder is how Martin's partners managed to keep their wickets op so long. The visitors j A financially successful cricket match was I concluded on Monday last between Shaw's English Eleven and a Combined Eleven of colonials. As all members of the Australian Eleven declined to take part in the contest, the home team was a comparatively weak one, and did not at all represent the cricketing strength of the colonies, as a glance at the names of the nlavers will show:— Marr, Jones, Pope, Bruce, Trumble, Janis, Morris, Worrai, llnsgrove, Koran, and Robertson. The Englishmen won the toss, and put the large total of 401 runs to their credit oefore they were disposed of. Briggs was the highest scorer with 121 runs. The Combined team also shaped well, making 279 runs between them, the highest scorers being Jarvis (S2), Horan (63), and Brace (41, not out). Being 122 runs behind their op ponents, the colonials were compelled to ' follow on.' This time the grand bowling and fielding of the visitors prevented a big score being made, but by putting together L2C runs, they avoided a one- inningB defeat. The Pnf^ i ft^1 ti*1' cot the required runs with out the loss of a wicket. All things con sidered the home team acquitted themselves very satisfactorily being handicapped by losing the toss. The want of first-class bowlers was the weak spot in the Combined Eleven, as 279 runs against tb£ Enxdish bowling ***' only be regarded at an Al performance for any team. It will be satisfactory to all lovers of cricket to know the Victoria Cricket Associa tion have taken cognisance of the action of the Victorian contingent of the Australian Eleven who declined to take part in the above match, and have invited BlackJiam, Bonnor Boyle, M'DonnclL, Palmer, and Scott, to explain personally or by letter why they refused to play. The following pertinent remarks axe from the AuxtraUiffiax. — That the members of the fourth Australian Eleven have since their re turn lost all the good opinion they gained by 'f-frfrir splendid play in England is patent to any ordinary and impartial observer. On all sides their action as a team has been con demned in the strongest teems. And now rtmfr they act not as a tjPt'Ti but as i*Mi*riJm^-i they are pursuing exactly the same course which called forth the well-merited censure of the press. Mr. Major, the selector of teazns, acting for our associatioii, asked each playing member of the recently-disbanded team if he would jplay in the combined match against the TingjiAi¥M»n. In each case Sir. Major received a refusal, and bo it is to be placed on record that these men, who have all their time at their disposal, and' could easily play, deliberately Blight the associatioii and the cricket public of the colony. The public desires to see the best team in Austra lia meet the Englishmen, but rather than please tie public these men prefer to vent their petty epite by doing all in their power to keep a few pounds out of the pockets of our English professional visitors who make their living by cricket. It is even alleged, on good authority, that not content with, keeping out of the ir^nt^1 themselves, they, or some of them, in the worst possible spirit, have used every endeavour to prevent other Australians from playing, It is much to be regretted that in one or two cases they have been successful, but generally birds of a feather flock together. Our association fihould show some backbone in **'ft matter, and take notice of these refusals. If every member of the recent Australian team disappeared from the country to-morrow, cricket would still flourish in the land. Indeed, according to their action tdnce they came back, it would be a good thin' for Australian cricket if they never played here again. They have done all they can to destroy the good feeling be tween English and Australian cricketers, and to injure the good name Australia deservedly enjoys for extending Hndnfffl« and generous welcome to visitors. They have shown no rnanlinp^ no courtesy, no epark of kindly feeling whatever to our English friends. I wonder how our men would feel if they were similarly treated in England. What would they think if \\\\\ G. Grace and the best men of England refused to meet them at Lord's or Kennington Oval ? Loxcsror. 