IttoveKet.' HIS ONE MISTAKE. By BBETHA M. CLA.7. CHAPTER LXVI.-(CONTINUED.) " It looks Ukt a place to be haunted," said LordOaradale; "still, a eea- washedjotty jp rather a ((range place for a ghost. What load of ghost St it ? " "Well, you know, eir, ol course it istto ghost-there la no suoh thing; bot I tell yoa one thing, dodo of ok young Mople would come tore alter dark, and I do not .mind sayingthat I ban often bad a torn myself." " What ia it, then T " asked Ljrd Oatadale. " To tell you the truth, eir," said the old man, "it ia a ladr. I think aome gteat trouble baa driven her mad. 6he looks like it." , , . "What dges she!,0o t"<continued Lotd Oandale, growing interacted, " Well, aha never oomea here, air, before the gloaming, and ahe is eo shadowy, to still, so white, and so beautifol, that people have a kind of dread other. I hata'seen hsr often enough, and her faoe is quite transparent.;: it is, like marble with the moon shining on it. She seems always to oome with the gloaming, and ahe goes away with the great darkness., She site right at the end of the jetty, there' where the water tonohea those btockarobfia. 1 went toheronoe," continued the old man, see ing that his listener was interested, "lsaidto myself there was nothing to be afraid of, 'and I went to her. "Are yon not afraid of the waves?" I said to her; and, eir, I almost tell baok into the aaa myself when ebe raised bee faoe and looked at me. I did net know that than oould be euch a face in all the world." "What was it like?"' asked Lord Oars dale. " It would take one mora olevor than I tun to tell that. It was like nothing I have ever seen on this earth; it was beautifol, like thfe faoe of an angel in a pioture, and it wa* fitted with sorrow. It did not look as though! the had cried-the grief on it was past all tears; and yet there was a etrange light ourious strange light. I said to her, "ire you 'not afraid of the waves?" and then »Wlooked as I told you. It took me sometime to get ow that look. Then I said: " When they reach tbese blaok arohos they are dangerous, I slid "Yes,I know," she replied; and, for me, saoh a voice was worth hearing; it was aweet and sad as a cooing dove. " Do you know," I continued," that danger in this qase.meaMs death?" "Yes, I know it," she apswerpjl.! " Yon need not trouble about me. Do you see this mark here ?" She raised her hand-, suoh a white hand, sir, like a snow-flake-tad die pointed out to me a great blaok nptehi in the wood. " You bob this ?" shs repeated, and I said "Yes." "1 shall ait here," she said, " night after night until the Wares refcah blew, and when they reiah here I shall die. Oh, welcome death! Oh, beautiful detfhl I shall die; it will not be euioide; I 'shall not kill myself; bat the waves will carry me ao gently out to Bea-co gently so sweetly I" Bir, Idaewbaok, frightened at her; neither her faoe nor her voice were like anything earthly. That was more than two weeks sinoe; now I watohher, and 1 have-my boat ready. If ever I eeelier in danger, I shall do my best to save her.". v <; f, J [ q w 9 T, "It is awangei etory,'r said Lord Oars dale. , All the yxiung peopl« arerfhyol goipg pear the jetty.-.l it MeditoMM Hamobl place for love-makips,: poff. .ijfcen; that -eiltnt figure steals so geitly and quietly along, i every, one vanishes as tnpngh.by magto." " Whati'timb fid you "say the poor lajy oomes?" asked Lord Oarsdale. "Only in.(ha gloaming air; only in the gloaming," said the old man, as bis walked away. . ' 