TgTESN AL LIFE FOB YOU. Bx S. A Blackwood, C.B. , ; How many people thereare who, after s life of more or less conformity with the standard of outward religion (which ie generally considered to : fee: decent and resp8otable), have found that they oould not give a satisfactory answer to the question, ' Have yoa eternal life ?' Ton belong te one of two classes. . Yon. are either one of those who out say 'Yea' to te | question, Have yon eternal life ?' or oue of those who, though at first attempting to evade it by eneh answers as I don v know,' la it possible to know,' are yet obliged, if pressed,; to .say. No.' If yon can say Yes,' yon can never perish ; for eternal life meane a life whiob never ends, and God has said, He that - believeth on the fion hath j everlasting life.' Bat yon who are eon- 1 strained to say 'No' may Say I have no right to ask yon « Have yon eternal life ?' PerhapB you mean I have no right to expect ah answer. There yon are right. N or d o i want an answer for myself or for my satis faction. But 1 want yon to answer it to yourself and to God, who knows exactly what yon are thinking about at this moment. Have yon eternal life ? You say ' £ do not know/ Then, let me ask yOd, Why do you not know ? Is it beoanse you do not care to know, or -because you cannot know ? . You may say— as men may have taught you in their fiat contradiction of the Word of the living God — that no man can know he is saved, and to say that one is saved is exceedingly presumptuous ; but one verse of God's Book scatters ail such assertions to the winds, and brandB them as lies ; for God says, c These things have I written unto you, that believe on the name of the Son of God, that ye may know that ye have eternal life' (1 John v. 131. Then, if you are saying, I cannot know,' you are contradicting God. You may try and get out of it in any. way you choose; but the fact Btands thus : .God says, Ye may know,' You say, I cannot know.' Who speaks, the truth — God or you? 'He that believeth not God, hath made him a liar/ Making God a liar.; Are you doiog this ? Man may Bay, 4 It is presumptuous to be sure.' God says, 1 This is written that ye may know/ Man may say, No one oan be sure ; such a doctrine will lead to sin.' God says, These thing write I unto yon thayeein not' (1 John ii. 1). Plainly, you do not care to know whether you are going to Heaven or bell ! Ho that! bath eternal life is going to Heaven, and he that bath not eternal life isgoing to helL Occupied with earthly things, business,, pleasure, er whatever it may be. So long ! as your day is spent happily, time- killed, | and you are free from padn br annoyance, i you do not care. , You mean to care, but when you do not know. There is ioyour mind avisionof some 4 future ' time, when yon will Battle this matter, when you hope to make yoor peace with God, whom yon have mocked with an insulting profession each Sunday- morning, and forgotten on Monday — a time when yon mean to die comfortably, The fact is, yon do not wish to know God. The holy God would be a very unpleasant ac- J qnaietance for your world-loving heart ;it would interfere with your self gratification ; but you will be ready to make His acquaint ance when your power of enjoyment of these things is passing away, and ' when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from Heaven in flaming fire, taking vengeance on ihem that know not God.' Not to know God, then, will be to be. eternally damned. Do yon think God will; make your acquaintance then ? 4 Ob,' you Say, 'He is merblful. He will not punish me because I have merely not been eo religious as some others/ And you have some confused notion in your head about an eleventh hoar,' Whiah is supposed to be a peculiarly favourable time for settling matters with an offended God! Listen to- wbat He says on this: 4 Because I have called, and ye refused ; I have stretched oot My hand, and no man regarded ; hut ye have set at naught all my counsel, and would none of My reproof ; I also will laugh at your calamity ; I will mock when your fear pometb ; when your fear cometh as a 1 desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind ; when distress and anguish cometh upon you. Then shall they call upon Me, but I will not answer ; they shall seek Me early, but they shall not find Me " (Proverbs 124-31). God has given. yon the power of ascertain ing now, to a certainty, how you will stand in that awful day ; but you prefer uncertainty, -just as a man who knows his affairs are all io confusion, and that he is getting inextricably involved, in debt, prefers allowing things to ran on as theysre, instead of coming face to face with figures. But you sremore foolish. God has given you a wayof escape, and the power of knowing that. yon are perfe fcly safe. Bat this .you refuse. What madness ! what folly 1 Life, . happiness, joy, peaee, all within your reach, and you care not for them. I can only pray that you may awake from tho death elaep before this last Scene is acted out and you. ;sh& into the bottomleve pit. : Bot wifch others it is different. You would like to know that you have eternal life; but . yon have either thought i t impossible, er . thought that there was so mbah-t© begone before you could be savedthht; thougli. at times you have had serious though trBbbutit, audhayehad akindbf vision of the happiness' of the manwhofcesoul was at peace with God,, you have given np the attempt i» do- . epondenoy, and felt that the effort was .fruitless. Perhaps yqu are what is generally called Christian is, you gq; tochUrcb, you; read your Bible, repeat certain prayorsevei j; day , nbetala from Outward mad grots- sine; ynuarecharitable, kind, self doByiag ; ana you have a vague hps that, what with the merits of 4iu? Saviour - (asyouoallHimj, ;»h4:fiadrtouta to teep-fd'e iOom- j I .sj ,.'A' !' .»s «.<., ,-w .,» -fey" > mandmente, yon will eventually be found on the right side. Bat with all twjis, you hue .."'jfiwr 1 ' maj'taiiitwifijj ' If thou shalt confoaswith thy mouth theLord Jesus, and shalt brieve in thine heart that God hath raised Him from the dead, thou ehalt he saybd ' (Rom For fjhpd so loved the world that He . gave His only begotten Sop that ' whosoever believeth on Him should not parish, hut have eVbtlasting life ' (John its. 16). This is not f ntaxe obtaining of everlasting life, but a present, siqoe it U said in Ado xiii. 39, ' By Him all that believe are justi fied from allthibga.' John v. 24, 4 He that heareth My Word, and believeth on Him that sent Me, hath everlasting life, and shall not eome into condemnation ; but is passed from death untolife/ And then Bom. v. 1, 2, ' Beiug justified by faith, we have peace with Goi through our Lord. Jesns, Christ/ j And Bom. viii T, There is tnereforenow no condemnation to them which arc in Christ Jeeus. i. Clearly then, it is simply by believing In Jesus that yon get life ; and that life ie not only eternal, bat present. But you say, It will not do for me only I to believe. I must have works, too, or else my faith is no use, for "Faith without works is dead."! Quite true, that a faith which does not result in works Is dead. But remember you cannot produce works till yon have eternal life, any more than a man can work in this world before he is alive. And life eternal is obtained, not by workiog and j believing, bat by believing only j_ for God says that ' a man is justified by faith, with out the deeds of the law,' or without works ; and that 1 to him that worketh not, but believeth, his faith is counted for righteous ness/ And in Eph. ii, 8, 9, He says, By grace ye are saved through faith ;no.t of works, lest any man should boast/ Tbere- I fore, it. iB by believing in Jesus that you get j life; and, the moment you have life, works ! are as sure to follow as the exercise of the I body accompanies natural life. I Bat. this .faith, this believing in Jietios 1 j What is.it? ' Sorely we all believe in Him.1 « I am not an infidel !' 1 You say you , believe in Him ; but re- I member, the . assertion of faith Is not faith ; I yon may say that you trust a 'certain In- 1 dividual, but that does not mean that' you 1 have really trusted anything to him: i God Bays. 'He was wounded for our 1 transgressions ; He was bruised for out | iniquities; the chastisement of our peace I was upon Him ; and with His stripes wc arc j healed' (tea. liii. 5). His own Belt bare our sins in His own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sine, should ii va unto . righteousness ; by whose stripes ye were healed (1 Pet. Ii. 24), God also says that He raised Him from the dead for our justification (Bom; iv. 25). Now, it is to him who simply credits these facts concerning Jesus, ahd trusts that Jesue, as &.Sabstitat6 in his place, has borne the curse due to hiB feinB that Hod imputes grighteouanefiii and giVBB B&lyAiitobv; There is nothing h.ird in (his faith. " Gdfl is worthy of credit, for He.says, 4 It ivereceive tbe' Witness of men. the witness of God b greatsr ; for this is the witnhss of Goji5 Whii He, hath testified of His Son' (1 Johfi y. P). : r It Is just taking Gjd at Hta WOrd ; be that befiovetb, hath ctcrhid life. 4 What? Is 'therg; nothing moye fban tlia?'vyoa say. 4 MtiBtlhotTedl sdkvdw for idn r God says, 4 to.'- "Hib f'Ki WelVeth/ . 4 MuBt I not dp sbmething ?' 7 God says, ' To him that worketh . not.' I not pr%y first God says, Hja ' thal belibvetb/ Must ! hot wait t God saya, " Now is the aoccptedtime/ >f; r; . Herfii then, i3 the good ne ws : the Gospel, immediate and eterto&t; ealvUtidU/ tooogh faith In the blood of Christ. Immediate; for sinae Ohzl«t has done all, and said, ' It is fioiehed,' their reth'aios nothing for you to do but. believing. > ; | Eternal q for God's Word end oath have gone fortn tnat wncsoeyer eeuevetn in Him shallnever oome toto condemnation/ Is not this good news— that you, lost up to this moment, an enemy ,!'b rebel, a worldly man or a worldly wbman, a child of wrath, a traveller to hell, cah all at onoe, through simply trusting in the death and tcshrrection of the Son. of God, becdmfe a child of God, an heir of' glory, saved? And this is not alt; for ihen you believe in Jesas, God oot only changes your condition, making you an heir of glory, but He imparts to you.- a new nature-He . gives you' the Holy Ghost, "His Holy Spirit, to dwell in yon, to teach yon, to guide you, tomaksyou holy, ; I Can there be better ne ws 4hn this ? It is | an eternal and immediate salvation ; and it is for you. Will yon believe it ? ; Will you reoeivfl Je>us now ? " Yonr own" heart will make many creates, find, many reasons why . you should ; not at ODpo olpee with this glorious offer .and bs aaved— that you cannot repent, oannot balieve. muBt wait. «p hairy, .£$at yon arc doing your best, etc.; or yofu vnll-attampl to prove that your condition is not ee bppeless. Vain; exouses 1 Come now. The Spirit end toe Bride 8ay,0o«oe. And 1«£ him that heareth Vay, Gome. And let I him that is athirat" come; " And wbo?cever will, let him take- the water: bfe freely (Bev. xxii; 17); : . Yes ; free, ires at the air ypfweathe is Gad's salvation 1 'Ho. evetypoe that thirsteth, oGme ye to tbs watar dii he that hath no money; oraae yc, buy, and eat; yea j : come, buv wine., andj milk without money and without prioe/-. Ghrict hath redeemed «you vhy- blood. The debt is paid:f ih$> law is eatiefied. Believe; it and beteafed. - rv 