ABOVE THE SPEAKER. Br TiJioTnEUS. " Timotheus placed on high" The middle of September is the half-way period of the session. A retrospect is about as satisfactory as one usually is on similar occasions, which is not saying much. Nothing seems done. ButtheGovernmenthasita work in hand, and, what is of more importance, it has the House in hand also. A Premier has to ride like a jockey in a large field, with everything ready for the inevitable final rush. There was a lot of flogging at the end of last session. It looks as if there would be a fair amount this. The Irrigation Bill has certainly been rattled along at a great pace of late, but then only the machinery clauses were dealt with. It takes time to dispose of rating, auditing, and election sections, but even a fighting Opposition would not contest them. Clauses have been numerous, members have been few, and visitors fewer. Mr. Woods had sufficient spirit left to stop the clerk once and ask a question. The Crown is to have access to all water. Mr. Woods knows a lake which is surrounded by private property. He wants to know how access is to be obtained to that Mr. Deakin was content to pass on with the reply that he never was good at answering conundrums. Only such small things were there- mere floating dere- license break the monotony of the watery plain. A group or strangers did put in an appearance the first evening. One could only be sorry for them. They realised the situation and went at last So when Southey read his epic at the judgment gate, " Those grand heroics acted as a spell, The angels stopped their can and plied their pinions, The down ran bowling defend down to tell, Ino ghosts fled gibbering to their own dominion." The clerk finished the bevy of strangers, male and female, with the pumping clauses. A strong Opposition might make some- thing but not much out of the last railway construction muddle. A million and a quarter at least will be wanted for the Gillies lines in excess of the original estimate. The Premier made the announcement in his blandest manner. A little more surprise thrown into his countenance would have been better, and yet, perhaps, he was right in making regret the dominant note." On these points one differs from BO experienced an artist with diffidence. The surprise expression would perhaps have been too much of an effort, this tale of enormous extras being such a very, very old story. " Heaven from all creatures hides the book of fate" If man did know the ultimate total, law courts would not be built, for a new Prince's bridge ; there would be a doubt about railway bills, and a demur about "national waterworks "-while outside of Australia there will be no Suez Canal, and certainly no Panama waterway. . Three years ago Mr. Gillies had a similar statement to make. The money had been borrowed for the Bent lines, but it had all gone before the Bent lines were so much as ordered. Mr. Bent spent the money on rolling stock and had nothing for the earthworks. With Mr. Gillies the earth- works have absorbed all, and there is nothing for the rolling stock. It remains only to pay and to look pleasant As this is the age of subdivision of labour, the country pays and the contractors do the looking pleasant The Opposition appears to grow crabby as Ministers mellow. Speaking of it as a crab, then, the Opposition may be said to use one a law to pinch itself and the other to snap defiantly at the Ministerial Corner-the body with which it should by this time have established friendly relations. When Mr. Carter mentioned the propriety of advancing the Licensed Victuallers' Relief Bill a stage, the Premier had a civil answer to return. It was the Munro in the Carter corner who boiled over instantly, and told West Melbourne that it was absurd to think of facilities being given to such a measure as that Geelong desires nothing of the Bott The people of Geelong, according to Mr. Munro, are the most sober in the colony. " I did think," retorts Mr. Carter with severity, "that when they returned you they had the excuse of being inebriated." Thus, while birds in their littleneatsagree, insist so with the politicians of the Lett And the same night -Colonel Smith had it out with the new members who sit in the Government angle. Those young men, he says, are not respectful - and no doubt they have not taken kindly to the Ballarat trio. They laugh when one of the three talks about morality ; they find fault with the second for being cynical and dreary, and they openly ever, these penetrating young men per Str. M'Call "Oh! the Colonel makes believe always." This last assertion brought the senior member to his legs with a rebuke and an explanation. The suspicion of lack of faith can only arise, says the hon. gentleman, because frequently he and his colleagues give expression not to their own views, but to those of their constituents. If they say one thing this week and another the next, It is not they who have changed, but Ballarat One part of an address will belong to the district, another part will be the members. The whole will remain Duncombe. Sad is the falling away from grace of Dr Quick To please 500 or 600 voters at Sandhurst he sacrifices the brilliant cause of land naturalisation Such, at least, is the account given by that sound land nationalist, Mr Tucker, of the bill to grant miners the free hold of their residence areas, though the contrary view, that Dr Quick is becoming wiser as he grows older, may be urged with at least equal propriety. Those residence areas, once leasehold, are freehold all but in name And Mr Bailes, of Sandhurst, desires that the final step should be taken, and Dr. Quick says ditto The miners have quarter acre blocks in the suburbs, they have good houses and fine gardens and instead of paying a heavy rent to the state, as all loyal land national isis must desire them to do, they object even to a registration fee of two or three shillings per annum As to the un earned increment, why, sad to say, they absolutely insist that it in their own This is a heavy blow to the nationalist cause, no doubt The area holders are only kept out of the freehold because the mine owners contend that alienation means mining on private property "i. e, if the miners will not pay rent like patriots, who will' It the vice president of the league livers when votes are concerned, we will stand fast? It is no wonder that Mr Tucker a soul is troubled He could 8 by before that there were two men in the Assembly who had the light faith, that the landowner should pay rent to the state so as to relieve all other people from paying taxes. "I could wish, said David Deans "that every man had kept the true testimony as well as Johnny Dodds, of Farthing Acre, and one man mair that shall be nameless And now Johnny has failed to avoid back sliding practices Mr Tucker indulged in hints of a re constituted league, to be confined to Collingwood and other city suburbs No doubt this is the most promising field of labour The true principles of land occupation are the possession of the landless After all the relations between Press and Parliament can scarcely be SO strained as they are often represented to be That Newspaper Bill before the House on Wednesday gave a fair opportunity for hard hitting and lo 1 and behold, instead of indulging in sar cases and abuse, members were amiable and complimentary Dr Quick was told that he had put the House under an obligation by introducing the measure and the press learned that its handicap in the law courts has caused pain and astonishment to the politicians The members who maintain a guerilla warfare with the gallery were absent, it is true, and that is a pity, for, overpowered by the influences of the occasion they too might have joined in the chorus of BJ nips thetic appreciation One or two repre sen'ativeshad their little grievances to relate, but they were all personal The individual member as a rule thinks it quite right and to the public advantage and all that sort of thing, that the papers should show up or put down other representatives His objection is an imperfect sympathy as regards himself But it is cruel to repay compliments in this way More pleasant is it to dwell upon the recognition by hon. members of the fact that press and Parliament are inseparable When Mr. Laurens rose at last with some thing like a benediction Mr. Laurens, whose very appearance shows that he feels that ' he is- continually robbed of space- why the cup was overflowing. Mr. Munro could afford to he generoUB. His lot, it appears, is to be frequently credited with addresses delivered by Mr. Nimmo. "Munro" and "Nimmo," written with a flowing pen, are very much alike in MS. and the intelligent compositor seeing that the address is about temperance, against barmaids, in praise of water, or something of that sort, generally gives Mr. Munro, the senior public man, the benefit of the doubt. Thus Mr. Munro will be presiding at a temperance conference at Sandhurst, but on opening a | paper he finds that he was wrestling with the , demon drink the same evening in Melbourne, and he is astonished at his own ubiquity. His friends often exclaim to him, "What energy It seems impossible. You are killing yourself, Munro, working at that rate." He calculates that he has been at seven funerals, has laid more foundation stones, and has abused the publicans twenty-six times when he was not there. Mr. Munro forgives everybody. But, naturally, Mr. Nimmo, who has lost some of his best speeches in some of the papers, is not quite so happy, and has signified a gloomy intention of seeing to it in committee that culpable carelessness" is not to be condoned. But if newspaper offices take the hint, and during the next month diligently expunge the name Munro from all temperance proceedings, and substitute that of Nimmo, with a view of striking an average, all may be well even here. The press has to exist, and so the best way is to make it contented by taking away its grievances. Members seem inclined to recognise this. The reports, the paragraphs, the articles "Timotheus " even-aqraetirnos irritate the representatives, but still the member knows that they are the breath of his being. So' the toast runs, "Woman, there is no living without her-nor with her either." Hitherto the proceedings of the Council this session have been those of a Quakers' meeting. Members have met to gaze upon each other, and to depart without formal utterance. The dim religious light contributes to the illusion, and the presence of the lay bishop of the Presbyterian denomination in the chair and the opening service also. But work is now gradually reaching the Lords from below. The first measure is the Rolling Stock Bill. The character and the behaviour of that rolling stock concerns the public even more than the question how it is to be paid for. As the Assembly had disposed of the latter issue in connexion with the new £300,000 lot of engines, trucks, and carriages, it was wise of the Council to address itself to the former important matter. Certain of the remarks of the senators are to be regarded as highly suggestive. The Railway Commissioners have earned a deep debt of gratitude by their suppression of useless whistling, but Dr. Beaney affirms on the authority of his consulting-room experience that there is still too much screaming for the nervous. No doubt he is right Every medical man is aware that the nervous susceptibilities of the present generation are highly developed, and that the coming generation is likely to be still more finely (or weakly) organised, and there seems nothing for it but that the engine of the future should be wblstlsless. For the present, in deference to railway managers, the whistle may have to remain ; but the Council will earn thanks If it insists upon a frank understanding that the mechanism is an instrument of defence, and not of defiance. The steam shriek, as Burke said of the prerogative, is the medicine of the constitution and not its daily food." An acceptable contribution to the public welfare was made by the member who thinks that the carriage door should be padded somehow, so that a strip of indiarubber or other yielding substance may break the short sharp shock" of the impetuous railway guard or the misanthropic porter. Here is another point of vast importance to the community on which the Council is entitled to take a firm stand. There is the direct evidence of Dickens, as a close personal observer, that misanthropes became toll collectors. That occupation has gone, and any- one who doubts that the tormentors of their species are drifting on to the railway platform has only to observe the glee with which the door will be shut with a slam and a being when the compartment contains a slumber- ing infant. Repeated concussions will destroy the atomic formation of minerals. What effect, then, must these daily shocks have upon the human brain and other material organs ? " Hearts are not Iron, yet Iron h bent ', Hearts are not stone, yet stone Is rent." Different schools of anatomy may have placed the heart in different portions of the frame, but all are agreed that the heart is out of place in the mouth, where the railway carriage shock is continually bringing it Then come the Simpson statements. The member for the North-Eastern Province sometimes dreams as he travels in the trains to and from his duties. He thinks he is young again,' and is combating a buckjumper, and he awakes to find that the continuous brake is on. The change from the velvet cushions of the Council to the abrupt jerks of the Sandhurst railway must be very great indeed for a member who is no longer a feather- weight The cure was not mentioned. Circumstances alter cases. There are brakes and brakes. Some brakes are put on to reduce speed. On the suburban lines with this brake the rule was to reduce the speed first and put the brake on afterwards-and thus can the suffering Mr. Simpson have his jolts brought down to an irreducible minimum. A new era may open up for the council if it devotes attention to the social comfort side of legislation. 