\ ?^ Chrishíias Guest : A/MYTH. /re \ a fairivrero ideal young people, and lived in JireryfciJitfgfcouee, in the Eldorado of "lovers, troublesome gnt happily with them: no noyed them ; th8,-up people thwarted or an- na they liked, and haudjie together as much live» heard of such a thiiSV »>¿hpiiu«halfl. J. bey had no enemies, nor AJ^h an a "°^a friend with conscientiou^ca9 °£ duty. In epite of nil this the;v/^"> rctaTc'î!lbly content with each other j««with the world at larre, and never did trf wrong, to sp.>ik of, from week's end tp^eek'a end For the ret»', they had lived s^ played together ever si'Ce they could resaber, hid no-er quarreled except to promue a prêtert fornreeonci'^tion ; and ehe ¿ad alwayB called him Ere, and he had ahrftys called hfsr Psyche, ^»oy loved each »filer with al) their heirts, '-nd vrcra a living refutation ot the folly «f ^at0 Wu0 would persuade us that paiD A"d struggle are the necessary discipline ^ hnm.m beings. To see these two waa ri°u"» to make onebelinpj in the feasibility r- sotting up a new Gnj^Vû of Eden on a durr:le bnsis' ^?\\_ Nütwitlif,t'lduig tlsö« fnnüfpí'íicKnümeB, and escep/jnai- surrounding» and circum- stances /'»jebe and Erpr^vero na thoroughly jjUrn8Zi<n their thoughts and emotions aa ii t\0t lad lived in tho mosit commonplace of country villages, and, although they had al- ways been together, their tempéraments were a3 -wide asunder as the poles. Psyche was imaginative, dreamy, and sensitivo to both dental end physical impresBÎons ; her gentle Î-Wn eyes would fill with tears at the sl\htest touch of pity or pathos, and the delate bloom in her cheeks would fade and her gdish figure droop nflvr hut an hour's illnesav Yet she was entirely wholesome and bealtbyVth in mird and body, end though her voiceVas low and sott, and her manner tender aniuippealiiü, she had s strength and courage in\he cause of right and reuth euch as a 60a of Anak/uiißKt have envied. Eros, on the other Inji^à. took practical views of life, and pridcd^tuBelf upon his solid common eense. B*ng now on tho verge of his twenty first birthday, he affected a manly and dog- matic tone, as of one who knew the world, fuía had arrived at the maturity of his judg- ment. He was a red-cheeked fair-haired, blue-eyed youth ; sturdy, vigorous, and jocund. Psyche lovd him devctedlv, and took every occasion to persuade heiselt that he was the wisest as well as the deareBt of mankind. But she could not help suspect- ing sometimes that he was not always quite amenable to reason, and would teel very guilty when the conviction was occasionally forced upon her that she had taken a higher view of this or that question than h© had, On the whole, however, she continued to maintain the sense of her own inferiority un- impaired, and the more inferior she felt the better was she pleased. Now it BO happened that Eros would come of ago on Chnstmas Day; and as if the falling together of theBe tv. o celebrations were not enough, it had been decided to en- hance their joyfulness by the addition of a third-which w^s to be neither more nor leBs than the young people's wedding ? Here, burely, was bliss enough to be crowded into erne short twenty-four hours j and moreover, as Payche observed, looking into her lover's blue eyes, with the frank shyness of her own brown ones, " What Christmas present conld we make to each other so appropriate as the surrender of ourselves into each other's keep- ing?" Yes, this was bliss enough even for ideal young people wh.o lived in a fairy farznhoube in the Eldorado of lovers. Nevertheless-if it will be believed-even this was not all! 4- fourth cause of rejoicing, and one to which "Eros and Psyche looked forward with scarcely less delight than to their own near union, was the promieed advent ef an old and intimate friend of theirs, from whom they had been separated many years, but whom they had never forgotten, or ceased to reverence and lo.ye. He had been a young man when they were children, and they had looked upon him then, and did now, as a dtar elder brother^ He had been their confidant and adviser, the unweariable promoter and companion of their childish merrymakings ; a teller of splendid stories, a man ardent, gay, sweet-tempered, vriee. Tbej had udored bim as only childi en can adore such a friend ; all his sayings were to them oracular, and air his doings super- human. 'They fancied-with cause or with- out, it matters not- that but for him they wou'd not «ven have loved each other at> they did. He had brought out the best that was in them, and inspired that beat to become better. Ho had shown Psyche the manliness that was in Eros, and had opened the eyes oi BroB to the rare loveliness of Psyche, What did they not owe to him ? And since he went away he had become transfigured in their memories. Nine years had he been absent, a mission- ary among the heathen. But he had also travelled much in civilised lands, and had seen all manner of men and customs. Mean- time he had written scores of delightful letters tis the young friends who loved bim -letters which they read and re-read scores of times, and thought more wonderful than his best stories in the old days. Throughout this long period he had never given up the purpose of seeing them again, and if possible, to part no more. But still the intended -a.:.,» %"A h«on nnf off . for Mortimer. mee. xig u»u uw_ p_v .,_, _". _, -auch was his name-had BO much work to do in illuminating darkened souls, as to leave but a distant hope of ever being able to in ^ dulge his own peisonal desires. At length, however, the much-wished-for opportunity bad presented itself, and Mortimer waa really coming. A few days before ChriotmnB the young people received A letter from him, telling the great news. This letter was addressed to Psyche, who, BB was her right, insisted upon having it all to herself, and would not allow -Eros to lay a finger on it. She indeed vouchsafed to read it aloud to him, but tantalised him by pretending to reserve certain passages to herself ; because as she archly averred, they contained secrets for her private ear. Eros, as her future lord and master, was half disposed to take umbrage at this exclusion, and, had the letter been from any other being in the wide world except Moit'mer, there is no saying whether he might not actually have beenjealotiB! But, eirice he was debarred from jealousy, he solaced his discomfiture by putting on an air of complacent indifference, stroking hie eye-1 browB with his forefinger, and twisting the ends of an almost imperceptible mous- tache. Psyehe saw through his pretences, and knew that he was annoyed, and she hated ?fco annoy him. Why, then, did she not baud /_'_;js; ~K the letter ? _ ' "í --^ " ~T\ . 1 am on the point of setting snil," th* letter ran, " and probably shall arrive ->on ntl er you receive this. At all ev.-nts, 1 am resolved to be with you on Christ- «3 Eve your marriage eve ! Death alono can forc stpll me in that pleasure. I _ive said r/pJd bye to my barbarians, who were ver?'^orr to lose me, and fear that I shall nw<rtrro,'t>rn to th.in. But I «ill ? i.rirl T i-**" l° bri-î ] . -_.i_m-iLw»ivu'ujw)"~-i.rO-','* my^gooa ohf bywiat for though your home is'Eldorado, n_r_..¿ Paradise! Never was so beautiful a country -so tender and serene a climate; Cuc¿ i'ontle-honrted and Christian barVarmt,s ' It io a real Paradise, large enon¿j/and Jove1 enough to tumpt all good «onto to iniorfl¿ rhither; and I como fortb-TJ th_ ws£>^ lind colonists, and brinj**06"! >*^w"h T.\ You will come, P,*^ anthea I shall ranko turo íhuÚ?^*1'111 ioüofí you, sooner or Inter ! J^ .,. " And «^Jou are waning for mo to marry you Vy^Q^i I believe you are meant for -p^i5, other, and i will do what I may to -¿ndcr your union sacred and perpetual. Not ihat I think mere earthly union is noways the uigh_f_ g lod for those who love. "£ou know the old prorsrb ; and there aro lovers whose heurta noror quite realise one another's worth until separation haB taught it them. Do you love your old friend, who used to go nutting, boating, snow-balling, and story-telHug with you, any the less because you haven't seen bim for nine years ? And would aot you, Ero., love Psyche a thousand times better were some chanco to part you from her awhila? You have never had her out of your sight, ex- cept when your eyes were ßhut, aud you don't half know how door she is to you. It would do you good were I to take her with me to my Paradise, and leave you behind. Until you know what it is to be alone, and to see what you moat want beyond your immediate reach, you do not know everything. But perhaps you will be content not to know ?" All -his, and much more, did Psyche read to Eros. But at the end of the letter there was a postscript, having glancid at which she looked up towards her lover with a sudden apprehension in her eyes. His own happened to be averted ; ar-d after an instant's hesita- tion, ßhe folded up the letter and Baid, "The rest ia a secret ¡" "All right!" returned Eros,yawning, and1 getting up ; " 110 woman can be entirely happy without a secret. Every man knows that; so I'll make you a Christmas present of this one." And with that he sauntered off, his bands in his pockets. "When he waB gone Psyche unfolded the lottor and read the postscript again. " I sail to-morrow," it said, " and am glad of it on more accounts than one. It is a long overland journey from my home to this port, and I did not know until I got hore that a strange aad fatal epidemic is wont to make its appearance in the town about this time of year. During the last few days it has broken out with great vimlence, and people are dying all around me. It kills in a few hours, and gives no warning, save a passing chill. Well, I have no fears ; I have passed unarmed through a hundred ptstilenccs. Still, if I should fail to sit by your fireside next Christ- mas Eve, do not blame my will." "Dear old Mort," Psyche murmured, tears standing in her eyes. " What if he had died, just, as ho was on his way to meet us after all these years ! I won't tell Eros ; no, net even if it makes him angry. It's better he should be angry than anxious. If anyone is to be anxious, let me be BO. Only if Mort doesn't come on Christmas Eve/ then Eros rauBfc know. But he will corni', I know ; and we shall all be bnppy-" It lacked scarcely three days to Christmas, and the house had to Jbé arranged and de- corated for the feeti .ties. It was a house of a thousand to hold merrymakings in, and seemed really to/take a genial interest in the preparations tiri« were going forward, and to give it all thó aesistance that waa in its power. Griay &ud;' woatherbeaten without, within it waB warm and home-like. Square ^aken beams divida- the low ceilings of therambliug rooms ; tho deep fireplace- were dusky with the smoke of ten thousand fires; the mellow old kitchen was a world in itself; and the shadowy bed-chambers, with their great four post btdsleads, were just the place to play hide-and-seek in with ghosts and goblins. Moreover, the best of feelings prevailed be- tween the venerable mansion and the natural and elemental surroundings amidst which it had so long existed. The forest grouped it-t, self artibtically in the background ; the hill aide sloped lovingly towards it on the right; at a little distance, a clear-eyed pond smiled placid goodwill. And the rough spirits of Wind and Hain, Snow and Erosr, seemed to grow soft and tractable in their sports with this time-honoured structure. " Merry Chrislmfla !" théy whispered, wept, and glistened ; aud the house'glowed back a hearty response out of its diamond-paned lattices, and its clustered chimney breathed forth smoky satisfaction. Meanwhile Eros and Psyche laboured with all their heurta and hands, and made the rooms green with ivy, holly, and laurel. In ihe parlour, beneath the cluster of mistletoe that hung from the ceiling, was arranged a little platform, with a dais, and an altar-table covered with white samite. It was hero that the marriage ceremony was to take place, By mid-day of Christmas Eve all the prepara- tions were complete, and the two lovers were siiting together in the deep hay-window, half _:___" U*. iV,_ nmi>lo . nrrninR nilli hfi"d-OV_r muuuu uj ino VIUJ|/*^ ^».-.w~, -- _- - - ears in lovers' talk. They were big with the charming self-importance that belongs to young peoplsin their condition. Love burned for them in the centre of aU things-it illu- mined, warmed, and perfumed the whole world. For them the great earth turned more smoothly on her axis, and moved in a fairer orbit ; the Betting sun sank splendidly amidst hie clouds for their sake ; for their delight yonder rosy-cheeked boy ploughed his whist- ling way through the snow, and the sleigh bells jingled so merrily from the distant road. If only Mortimer were there, their happiness would be complete. And now ho must ar- rive every moment, PO Eros kept saying, looking out of the window with confident expectation; but Pôyche scarcely replied. Her soft little hands were cold and tremulous, and the oorners of her sweet lips drooped as Bhe thought of the secret that harboured in ber breast. It waa the first secret ehe had ever kept from Eros. Oh that it might re- solve itself happily, and not-not as she now . began to dread ! Por evening was coming on apace, and their friend had not yet come. He did not come, though he had promised that Death only should forestall him. As minute after minute slipped by, Psyche felt an almost irresistible impulse to snatch forth tholetter from her bosom, where ßhe had hidden it, and give it to her lover, that he might share and Prr*L~T- ^suspense. But she fore ' perhaps cheojftong enough to suffer alone, bore ; she^bouqb hardly admitting it eren and she £fljat Er"s waB not BO strong in that ' *? h,e^i_ength as she. He would laugh at ' kl°JTfrom a fist such aa would knock her * Seless, but the blows of mental pain and j/sappointment he was but ill-fitted to endure. f .hu» thinking, the gentle Psyche crushed her tïouble down, and even Btrove to forget it, or ^believe it unfounded and imaginary if so she l^-ht answer her lover cheerfully, and injap; Saj%t » shadow upon MBC&i-;***}Bter. »ut stil-Ahat «trangfi''i-w*lffß her ha9dsi>öd rals throunbi--?0^ "" \ her^RruyriPs quite dark already !" exe\itn"d _-TOB at length. " Surely the man meipB to be hore by supper-time ? I wonder howtiear he is now." \ " There may have been a delay. The stow is Tery deep, you know, in some plaW PerhapB he won't find it possible to get hW before to-morrow." , \ "Pooh! my dear little Psyche. You havk forgotten the kind of man that our Mort is\ When ho says he'll do a thing, he does it-ii he's alive. And in that very letter of yours, which you make such a mystery about, but which I know perfectly well has nothing in it more than you rr-ad to me-he says in that very letter that only Death would stand in the way of hiB getting here to- night. And BÍUCB he's a man in perfect health and in the prime of life, I don't see what doubt there can be that he'll keep his word. Only I do wish he'd told us the very hour, so that we mightn't have bad this suspense to bother us." " Do you suppose we shall recognise his face when he comes ?" asked Psyche, after a little pause. " llecognise him ? Of course we shall re- turned Eros, positively, as became his mas- culine ' superiority. " He'll be corrsiderably changed, to be sure; very likely he'll have a big black beard, and there'll be a few lineB across his forehead and round his eyea; but you mustn't mind that. That sort of thing is bound to come on a man as he grows old. I'm beginning to find <bat out myself ; and Mort-why he's nearly forty by this time !" " How very wise he will be !" murmured Psyche, thoughtfully. "He waa the wise-t person in the world before he went away ; we olinll nlmnot IIB «.frnid nf him now." " Well, as to that," said Eros, rubbing his downy upper lip and smiling, " as to that, my dear Psyche, you must speak for yourself, undoubtedly Mort, the dear old fellow, has an immense deal of information, and plenty of good sense to back it-which is more than always happens, I can assure you. But when a man reaches his majority, and is on the point of becoming a family man into the bar- gain-give me another, dear-what waa I going to say ? Oh, well, I don't think Jshall be much afraid of him, or of anybody else, that's all." " Eros," whispered Psyche, feeling his strong young arm round her, and his hand on hers, "should you be willing to have him take us back with him to his Paradise, as he speaks of doing in the letter ?" " Well, my dear, that muBt depena a great deal upon circumstances. I shall talk with Mott, and see what he has to say about his place. We mustn't forget that we're very well situated as we are, and ought not to move unless we're certain of bettering our- selves. The Bort of society he speaks of might not suit us, you know ; we're not mis aiontwies, and don't care about barbarians as such. Mort, wise as he is, hasn't much prac- tical sense in some ways; not so much aB some men I know. He's all for the loftiest and most ideal thing possible, without reflect ing whether or not it's inconvenient, or un- comfortable too. In short, unless his Paradise turns out to be a finer place than I think it will, I shall feel inclined to keep hold on what we have. Besides, Psyche, any place that you aro in will be Paradise to me." This compliment fairly merited the reward which Eros immediately claimed and took for it, and which, by its potent effect upon both giver and receiver^made speech seem imper- tinent for a time. Psyche sat gazing out across the darkened snow with her tender brown eyes, and Eros looked fondly on her, thinking that he loved her more than anything in the world, and that life would be a blank without her. Surely, were she to be taken from him, all his light and warmth would de- part along with her. That passage in Mortimer's letter which suggested that it might be well sometimes for lovera to be parted had received his unqualified, though unuttered, disapproval. Why should such a thing have been Written ? Often, since Pfcyçhe had read it to him, Eros had resolved to dismiss the idea from his mind ; but such is the perversity of human minds that the idea remained in spite of him. It made him feel no w and then almost uneasy. The feeling, of course, was a mofbid one ; common sense and wholesome reason forbade him to enter- tain it. Had he no more confidence in Pro- vidence than to believe that it would take his Pt-yche from him-his Psyche, who had grown up with him from infancy ? Would the good God be so cruel as to deprive him -and at this moment of all others-of the companionship of her whom he so loved ? But the misgiving was unworthy of him. If he could not forget it, why then he weuld face it, and face it down. He bent towaïds Payehe, and discovered, by some method known to lovers, that her eyes were wet with tears. When love is in >nnw««s ruimmand. the soul is more tenderly alive to various influences, and hence more prone to sadness of a certain kind, than at any other epoch of life. But Eros had never understood Psyche's constitutional tendency to melancholy, ana just now he found it es- pecially inopportune. " Whatmakesyouunhappy ?" heexclaimed. "Aren't we together, and haven't we every- thing we want ? And ought not this evening to be the most joyful we ever yet Bpent?" She leaned her head on his shoulder, hiding a aigh. " I was wondering, dear," she said, " whether when we go to the real Paradise, we fiholl meet and know each other there as we do now. Do you believe we shall ?" | There were few problems too profound for the plummet of Eroa's common sense to sound them. " Certainly we shall, my dear !" he answered emphatically. " What put such a question into your head . ' " But shall you love me then ? And shall I be your own wife there, Eros, as I am to be here ? ' "I really don't see the use, my dear little Pty che, of bothering our heads with Buch gratuitous puzzles BS that. There's quite eaough to attend to in this life, without trying to guess what may happen to us in the next. Eor my part, it's enough to know that we love each other in the body, and are to be husband I and wife here in this farmhouse. There'll be > time enough to speculate about other Btate» when we are in them." gentle " Ah ! but,Eros," said she, lifting^' j° hja face from his shoulder and lp,e'to-night_ eyes, " suppose that I worew'tía(iing i Gould this very night, before_5ouid you regt Btttjs. you be content to jgï we have already loved tied with the lctfä with the knowledge that I in this worffag you in Paradise, and would was a^ivhen you came there ?" be JOS felt an impulse of impatience, which if repressed BO far as not to give it words; but he turned IIÍB face away. Those theories of delicate tissue and transcendental applica- tion, which Psyche was given to ontertaining, irritated and silenced him. He loved Psyche, as an honeBt man should love a woman-better than any other man ever loved a woman, he thought ; and what more could be expected of him? Besides, was it not being ungrate- ful for the blessing in their possession to be borrowing trouble from an improbable or unimaginable condition of thiBgs to come ? It was really too liad, thought EroB, and he turned his face away and looked down the avenue, leaving Psvche unanswered, i It would have been quite dark now but for Ehe whiteness of the snow. The wind was Vising, and the wijfdo w-seat waa getting chilly, «id Psyche's ham, which still lay in his own, *vas cold as ice/ and she herself sown ed to B\iver. The bliids must be closed, and they wèuld go back h the fire, for Mortimer might not come till Midnight, for all they knew. Stay,'.-what ffas that shadow moving this way Vp the avfnue ? Was it " Psyche ! Psyche ! look!" cried EÍOB, start- ing to WB fea in joyous excitement. "That must be-isjt it ? Yes, it must be Mortimer -it is our oar old Mort!" " Oh Ero! I believe it ÍB !" she answered, peering trpulously through the darkness. " I can't si clearly ; I had a vision of Death -that Deih was coming instead of him !" " Deattfindeed !" exclaimed Eros, with a laugh. 'iJet this be a lesson to you, my dear, nomo indulge in silly fancies again. But com? on ! We must receive the dear fellow a/the door* Hera/ into the nail, Psyche following,and flung wfle the heavy portal, A guat of icy wind bffst in, as though it had been lying in wait ffi them on the threshold ; and Psyche seeme/to shrink away before it, and Eros himsel coull scarce repress a shiver. But they pesBod forward again, and gazed out earnatly on the night. Tes, there could be no dflibt abcut it now. There came their friem-he ¡vho waa most honoured and trusted by thím both, yet who, for neanly half theu lives, md been a stranger to them the» he carni, striding swiftly towasda them acriBB the sntw. Only a dark, lofty Bhape heeeemed ; bat the step, the bearing, were unmistakable: they were Mortimer's own. BT a simultaneous impulse the two young lovers taiew (ne arm round each other, and extended the other to the advancing form. They could njt cry out in welcome. Was it their great jo» that silenced them ? for joy will sometime bind the faculties like awe. It waa very dirk and neither had remembered to bring a liglt, Almost before they were .aware of it tfeir strange friend was standing close in front >f them. How icy cold was the wind ' W1UU . In momentíof high feeling and excitement we do and sry things as in a dream, and afterwards hojdly remember how we acted. So WOB it now. with Eros and Psyche. Did Mortimer takçEros's hand in a grasp as soft and cold as aow? Did he kiss Psyche's forehead with ipa that sent a happy shudder to her heart î Did he speak to them in mellew, lovinj tones that sounded at onee strange and faniliar ? And did they answer him? Or wajit all a dream ? Be that as it may, the spelkoon passed off, and they found themselves inilear possession of thoir several senses once mire. The long expected guest had crossed thir threshold, thrown aside his heavy cloak, tod removed the soft fur cap from his blao: bair, and, Eros leading the way, the three friends had entered the warm, firelit parloui " Sit down,all of UB !" cried the host, rub- bing his haná together. " Draw up to the fire, and get ^arm, if you can. My stare, what a night I Psyche, you look as if you'd been kissed bj an icicle; and you, Mort, you are as cold --death !" They sat d<wn round the broad hearth, the guest betweenthe lovers ; and as the firelight flickered overthetn, BO flickered and fell and rose again behr conversation. It often happens th-t,w_en we anticipate saying moBt we find the le'.t to say ; and somewhat thus did it fall oit in the present instance : or perhaps, beoaise in a meeting like this, how- ever thoroughy foreshadowed and anticipated there ia apt te be a good deo] of Btra_gono_ and unexpected diffidence to be overcome, perhaps it we for this reason that speech flowed but j intermittently for a while. Nevertheless,_he lovers could feel that they were every noment growing more and more into sympathj and understanding with their new old friaid, and doing so eye a more speedily and tompletely than might have been possible throigh the uncertain medium of words. He diffused around him, without effort, and apparently without being conscious of.it, a gentle and winning influence which was fairly iiresiatible ; so that by-and-by Psyche and Iros fancied that never before had they knoírn him so well as now. At the same time, lowever, Psyche was inwardly I aware of a great, yet indescribable, cbnnge from that Mortimer who had bidden her fare- well nine years before. The principle, the genius of the man remained; but it existed now within ne sphere of such a mighty and grand peraomlity as transcended all ehe had previously known or conceived. It was as if some beneficent angel had stooped from heaven to vist thc__, and, lest his celestial _i_/inni, -innld overwhelm them, had I D|J1DUUUU1 fUvw.M ... assumed the guise and tone of that human being in whom they felt the most affectionate trust. Through his manner and aspect, and the low resounding melody or his utterance, she seemed ti) catch glimpnes of a power and wisdom almott superhuman ; but blended with a deep kindliness and charity, and a sublimity of nature (that were more human than humanity itself. She looked up to him, not in fear, but with ft loving, familiar kind of reverence ; and would have confided to him the choicest secrets of her heart. The influence that he exercised was not of that kind which belongs to superior age. There was iu him all the fire and vigour of unquenchable youth. His lofty figure was as alert and lightsome as it was majestic. His manner was instinct with gentlesprightliness and playfulness, and it was impossible not to feel cheery and hopeful in his company. The curve of his lips, and ever and anon the sudden kindling in his eyeB, betrayed the fiery BOU! within ; yet in, everything «that he I .aaid or did were visible the traces of a serene and absolute self-control. " We are glad you come in time," observed Erosatlast. "We should never have got married, I beliove, if you had not been hero to tie the knot." " At least," added Psyche, in her clear subdued voice, "you v/ill make it seem more beautiful and indissoluble, and give it a deeper significance, than anyone else could have done. Yes, I am glad you came in time. Do you know, Eros, I did not think Mortimer would come at all ? That passage in the letter that I did not read you spoke of a strange pe«tilence, and immediately it carno into my mind that Mortimer waa dead. And even now," she continued, turning to tho guest, and half-timidly meeting his strong, unfathomable eyes with her own, " even now, though I see you here between UB, I cannot feel as if our Mortimer were in this world. Are you reilly ho ? or 'a meBBenger como to tell us thut he is gone ?" "I am alive-am I not?" answered the gueet, with a particularly radiant smile ; " and if I am, then your Mortimer is also. AM to my getliDg hore at the right time, I am always sure to do that ; it would be a sad business, indeed, if I were not. But are you both certain that you- aro glad to have mo here ?" "It would not be merry Christmas if you were not !" exclaimed Eros, heartily. " I am not always so well received," the other resumed. " I have been in all sorts of places, and have met all sorts of people, and almost all have called me abrupt and uncere- monious. But then, not mony know mo for what I really am." "I think'I know you," said Psyche, after a pause; "and 1 cannot imagine myaolf so happy that your coming would not make me happier." " You need not fear to know me, Psyche," returned the guest, with grave gentleness ; " and really I am not so unsympathetic as I must often seem. But I have a task in the world which bringa me lesa credit in the per- formance than in the after result. Mankind, you know, EroB, aTe not always WÍBO and far sighted enough to recognise at the moment what is most for their good in the long run." "Yes, I know that ; but for my part I think I can tell what I neud more quickly and surely than most people. For instance-that Psyche must bo my wife, and that you muât make her so." "You "ate my power too high," rejoiced their friend, smiling again. " God only can make a man and woman one." " Ob, I don't trouble myself with such fine- drawn distil) ctions. If you pronounce the service over us, I will take the rest for granted. As I was telling Psyche the other day, it's not worth while lookiüg beyond this world. If she is mine here, I'll risk our getting sep- arated hereafter." " Hereafter may not be far off," said the guest, more gravely than he had yet spoken. " You were best not to leave it out of the account." "Doath is my enemy-I can see no good in him !" declared Eros ; " nnd I will do the best I can to have my happiness in spite of him." " He doesn't mean it !" exclaimed Psyche to their friend, in a low, appealing tone. "He knows that only Death can make Lore immortal." " I must tell you," observed the guest, after a pauee, " that I cannot stay here long ; I shall be gone to-ni^ht. What I came to do, thereforo, must be done soon." "To-night," cried EI-OB, in astonishment that waa half incredulous. Psyche said nothing, but bid her face in her hands and shivered a little. "I wished to make you happy-happier than you have ever been-if you would let me," resumed the previous speaker. " Who- ever has lofty beliefs will have a lofty fate. If your idea of marriage is high enough, you will not hesitate to come with me to my Paradise. How is it with you, EroB ?" "Not yet," replied Eros, laughing and shaking his head. " It's too far off, and the journey ia too coid, If you are really deter- mined to leave UB, you must go without me. Surely you can't expeet me to be ready to start at such short notice f No, no! I mean to Btay by this comfortable fireside for a long time yet, and so shall Psyche." "Death has summoned men on shorter notice than this," said the other. "Think again before you decide.* " I have decided ; and I never change my mind," said Eros, obstinately. And truly his preference was not an un- natural one. The old parlour presented a most attractive aspect. The great log which had been burning on the broad hearth had now fallen into glowing fragments, over which small yellow and bluish flames danced inter- mittently. Everything waa warm, home-like, and familiar. Out of doors the stars shone crisp and white, acd the snow glistened pure as a maiden's soul. But ah !. it was ao ter- ribly cold ; the beauty of the prospect could be enjoyed much better from the genial vantage-ground of the her.ithBtone. " If that is your decision, you must abide by it," oaid the guest, and something in the words, and in the manner they were uttered, awed EroB for the moment. Then, turning to Psyche, he cantinued : " But even your Eros cannot choose for you. What is your pre- ference ? Aro you, too, willing to postpone Paradise for the fireside?" Psyche was naturally more imaginative than most young girls, and possibly there was something in the shadowy mystery of the hour, and in her own physical and mental con- dition; that wrought upon her mood. A creeping languor and a chill which the huat of the embers could not counteract were gain- ing possession of her, and filling her brain with weird fancies. Insensibly, he who «at beside her, and whose icy lips she had felt upon her brow, had become clothed to her apprehension with an unearthly, superhuman personality. No man was he, but an angel of tender and mighty sway, stooping from heaven on the eve of Christmas, to hold high argument with two mortal lovers of those questions which most nearly concern their wtilfare. As she spoke ber voice Bounded faint and ethereal,' while ber eyes sought to penetrate the shadow which had fallen over the face of Eros. "It is pleasant here," she said ; " yet if, in Paradise, our UDÍOU may be eternal and secure, it is surely better to be there." " You will meet Eros where we are going," returned the strange friend, gently, taking her band in his own. " If not this Eros whom you hare known here, then another and a worthier one than he." " Oh, not another," whispered Psyche, en treatingly ; " it must be this Eros- my own dear Eros whom I have always loved. I have lived with him, and our hearts are grown to getber. He ÍB better and nobler than he seems," "It waa not for me to decide," was the answer. " But do you Bpeak to him, Psyche. If he loves you, he will lay your words to heart." Psyche rose from her choir, and stepping somewhat feebly, crossed to where Eros sat, and stood before him, her handB clasped. The room had become nure dueky, so that the three figures appeared rather like ahadows than beings of flesh and blood. For a moment or two there was silence, and only Psyche's beseeching attitude seemed to speak. "Eros," she said at length, " 1 feel that I must go-I must go with this frieud of ours. Do you know him, Eros ? He is your friend as well as mind. You might have gone with us ; but that waa not to be. We shall not know marriage hero, and we shall seem to be aeparated for a time. But if your lova for me has Deen as great as mine for you, the memory of it, and the faith in what is to come, will heal the worst of the parting. Oh, my love, say it shall be so !" " You are crazy-both of you!" cried Eros, wroatling with the fear that beset him, and striving to speak in an assured and masterful tone. " What has Mortimer to do with you, Psyche? You are mine, and whoever pre- tends to take you from me is my enemy !" "Eros-Eros!" exclaimed tho girl, with passionate earnestness, "it is you who are crazy, my poorjdarling, Mortimer is dead ; and the letter which he wrote-'the letter that I alone road and touched-had in it the conta- gion of the pestilence. It was the message of my death ; and now my death has come." " Death shall not have yo« !" cried Eros, starting to his feet; and such was the vehe- mence of his rebellious anger that he felt ready to defy even Omnipotence. "What have I done that I Bhould lose you ? I have loved you truly and faithfully-why should not my love have its rightful fulfilment? It shall not go for naught and end in dust and ashes ! As for this future you talk about, what is it ! a misty possibility-an indefinite surmise-nothing! I say it is unjust and tyrannical, and I will not submit ! Come to- me, Psyche!" Ho reached towards her through the dusk, but she seemed to falter backwards from him, and when he would have followed, the tall form of the mysterious guest rose between, and beneath that mighty and majestic gaza the eyes of Eros wavered, though the rebellio« in him was unconquered still. " You must yield her to me," said those deep, reverberating tones ; " yet it is not I that parts you. True lovers can ha parted only through want of faith. "Upon- yourself alone therefore, does it depend whether she leaves vou for a time or for ever." Eros pressed his bands to his head. Every good and evil impulse of his soul was in deadly'struggle for the mastery. Was his love greater than Death? or had the past been a delusion? Was the future to be s blank? He was but a man with a mau's weaknesses. He must rise to higher levels through bitter trial, if at all; and except there were in him some elomeofcs of generous nobleness, to turn his stubborn self-will at the crisis of the conflict, the demon of mis- trust would gain tho victory. Had he such allies ? " Spöak to him again, Psyche," murmured the lofty presence, "you may yet prevail." "Eros," she said, throwing all the tender- ness of her loving soul into the word " this is more than our friend-he is our brother. Love and Death should glorify each other. If tbey are enemies, Death becomes cruel and Love degraded. Yield me up now that you may possess me for ever. Ob, quick, my lore-quick !" The struggling man uttered a cry, heart-, rending, full of aneuish. He waB taint and giddy, and the world seemed to reel beneath his feet. He stretched ou_.this arms. " I love you, Psyche," he uttered." Do not leave me behind ; let me go with you !" He felt her hand again within his own. " You are my own Eros," she whispered in bia ear. "I shall not altogether leave you ; you will see me in dreams, and you will know that the Paradise I go to is near this earthly home of ours. At last-perhaps not for a long time-but at last we shall meet there. And now . . . . . take me to our marriage altar, and let us say farewell there." They came to the little samite-covered table, Psyche supported between the othet two. The lovers knelt down together, and the form of the mysterious guest bended bene- ficently above them. Then Psyche slowly drooped sideways, and Eros caught her in his arms. Yet no-she was not there ! Still kneeling, he looked upwards through the window into the clear winter night, and Baw where two cloud-shapes seeme'd to flit band in hand across the starlit purple of the heavens. A strange peace entered his lately tortured soul. The doubt in his love's im- mortality waa gone, and the struggle was ended. " Take her, friend !" he cried in a voice trembling with a deeper than earthly happi- ness. " So great is my love, that not in this world, nor with this mortal body, can I give it fit and full expression." > Ho was left alonein the old parlour, with the dead embers of the fire upon the hearthstone. Christmas bells were ushering in what was to have been his wedding-day ; but, like their sweet notes, his mortal hopes had been caught up to heaven, but were not lost there., It is many years since then, yet every returning Christmas has found the same light of peace in his face that first dawned there so long ago. No brooding sullenness or failing faith has changed it into gloom. But who was the mysterious guest, and why did he bear the likeness of him whom, above all ptherB, Eros and Psyche had loved ? That is a question which answers itself in all our lives. For when the time comes-as come it must-that this majestic Presence ia metface to f aeo, shall we not trust that the counten- ance which will, perhaps, seem awful, may at at least not be as that of a stranger whom we know not. and whose heart is indifferent to- wards ua ? Would it not be pleasant, at that hour, to recognise in him who must herald our entrance into a new society, the .well known features of one whom our previous life had made our most secure and faithful friend ?-Julian Éaiothorne. Oh, tho Knight, he w,as great with his sword. And he thrust, and he cut and ho giyord ; Saving maidens from dragons And swallowing flagons, At the latter, he guzzled and pword. -Texas Siftings. Why don't you say what's in the book ? The teacher asked the lazy elf. "Please ma'am," he^says, with cunning look, " ' Cause history ropeats itself, \--TiABUt. A 