THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1886 A LOCAL MUSEUM. ON Monday, last, at the annual conversa- zione of the Science Society of the School of Mines Dr. Macgillivray gave a short but interesting address on the advantages of developing a local museum. As he observed, that already in existence has attained considerable dimensions, but may and should be greatly extended, his view is that efforts should be directed rather towards the collation of the natural pro- ductions of the district than to that of specimens of all sorts of things from all parts of the world. Many, he said, with- out being particularly devoted to scientific studies, might render valuable assistance. A complete exposition of everything connected with gold mining from its earliest stages to the present time he considers of first im- portance. Mineralogical and geological specimens, with models, maps, and draw- ings in connection with these subjects should be contributed. Animal and vege- table products indigenous to the district should find places in the museum, the objects being to have a complete series of the leading types and to fully exhibit our local natural history. An interest in such matters," observed Dr. Macgillivray, "must add pleasure to every ramble in the country, sharpen the senses, and brighten the intellect." Specimens of every- thing grown in the district are wanted, together with the various noxious plants, insects, and other animals either by actual specimens or by accurate drawings." The raw material for manufactures, and manufactures of various kinds in their completed state, would furnish the means of much useful informa- tion; and finally a collection, which would be of deep interest, might , be made of any thing and everything " connected with the habits and lives of the ruder tribes of the human race." These proposals ought not to be lost sight of. There is, no doubt, a number of persons in Sandhurst and its neighborhood who could do a great deal towards carrying them out, and who would find great pleasure in the work. Whilst interesting and instructing themselves, they would be helping materially to en- lighten others, and to awaken in them a love of research which may be of inestimable value to thom in their several walks of life. There is no saying, indeed, what amount of good may be effected. Everyone, therefore, who has the leisure and the inclination to devote themselves to such undertakings should give serious attention to the sugges- tions made by Dr. Macgillivray, whose ad- dress was published in this journal on Tues- day . We hope that those whose attention it may have escaped will turn to it and study it carefully. A good, comprehensive, local museum will be a credit to the city and dis- trict, as well as to nil who lend aid in render- ing it as complete as possible. PARLIAMENT. — The Government (writes our Melbourne correspondent) quite expect to spend next week in the discussion in the address, but should it break down — which is hardly likely to be the case judging from the fire infused into the debate on Thursday night — the sessional orders will be proceeded with, and Mr. Deakin will in all probability introduce his Irrigation Bill. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN.— The Australian Eleven have secured a capital victory over the Gentlemen of England, who were represented by a very fair team, although the names names of A. G. Steel and A. P. Lucas were absent from the list. To-day the Australians commence their seventh match at Derby against the county team. Of the six matches played, two have been won, two lost, and two drawn. THE DESTRUCTION OF RABBITS.— Our Melbourne correspondent writes:— The department of Agri- culture has had a communication from a German named A. Van Gelder, who offers, if the Govern- ment find £1,000, to disclose a plan by which all crops can be completely protected from rabbits. No action has been taken on the subject, but it is probable some further evidence will be asked for in proof of the bona fide of the plan. A specific against rabbits, would be worth a good deal more than £1,000. LADY TEACHERS' GRIEVANCES.— A deputation from the female assistants under the department of Education waited upon the Minister of Educa- tion on Saturday (writes our Melbourne corres- pondent) to ask for the redress of certain grievances. Mr. Murphy, of the Male Assistants' Association introduced them and explained their case. He pointed out that the term junior assistant was very misleading, as it did not in mean that they were juniors in age or experience, but only that they re- ceived a certain salary. Some of the ladies acting as junior assistants had been 20 years in the ser- vice, and had to perform the work as important as that of teachers receiving three times their salary. They had a fixed salary, which,with allowances, did not exceed £7 12s per month. They asked that a modified scheme might be adopted giving long ser- vice increments, suggesting that junior assistants should receive an increment at the end of every 5 years. The cost of this was thought would be very slight. It was pointed out that 16 in the service had been in it well over 15 years, 39 over 10 years and 183 over 5 years. For each of the 16, the yearly increase on the fixed salary and 80 per cent, results would give them an increase of £86 17s 6d. Each of the ?? under ??? would receive an increment of £17 18s 4d, and each of the 182, £8 19s 2d. Mr. Pearson, while receiving the deputation as graciously as possible, hold out no hopes to them of their request being complied with. He was convinced of the high merits of the lady teachers who obtained higher results than the male teachers, and he was consequently anxious to improve their position. But this means in- creased expenditure, and at present, appointments in the country were hard to fill. If the demands of the deputation were granted, the difficulty would be still greater. THE ENGLISH MAIL.— The R. M. S. Tasmania arrived in Hobson's Bay late on Saturday night. Mr R. Murray Smith, ex-Agent-General, was amongst her passengers. PAMPHLET FOR THE COLONIAL AND INDIAN EX- HIBITION.— The director of the School of Mines re- quests us to state that the figures given in the paragraph which appeared in Saturday's issue of the BENDIGO ADVERTISER, were taken from the latest published mineral statistics of the Govern- ment. DEATH FROM FRIGHT. — Sergeant Trenson, stationed at Swan Hill, telegraphed to the district coroner (Mr Strickland) on Saturday afternoon, that a woman named Pettigrew had died there that day. She had been ailing for a length of time, but the doctor attributed the immediate cause of death to fright, received on the previous day through a case of furious driving. Mr. Stick- land replied that if the police considered the case one of suspicion a magisterial enquiry should be held, but otherwise, if the doctor (as it appeared) was able to certify as to the cause of death, his order for the internment of the body would suffice. CITY COURT.— The presiding justices at this court on Saturday were Messrs M. Rundell and R. B. Anderson. A diminutive native of the flowery land, named Georges Linn Goon, was charged with the larceny of vegetables valued at 2s, the property of another Celestial named Sue Cock, at the market sheds on the previous evening. Hong Gooey stated that having on many previous occa- sions had vegetables stolen he determined to keep watch,and also informed Constable Wallis of what had been going on. About nine o'clock they noticed the prisoner come out from the weigh- bridge with two baskets, and go cautiously behind a spring cart until he came to the plaintiff's baskets when he stooped down and took the vegetables, putting them in his own baskets. He was thereupon arrested and lodged in the lockup. Constable Wallis gave similar evidence. The ac- cused was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment. A young man named Henry Manning was charged with insulting behavior, in Dowling-street, on the previous evening. Constable Henderson stated that the accused was endeavoring to obtain ad- mittance into a house of ill- fame, and creating a disturbance. He was fined 20s, in default three days' imprisonment. The court then adjourned. A SAD CASE OF LUNACY.— At the City Court on Saturday a charge of lunacy was preferred against a young man named William Hunter, son of Mrs Hunter, general dealer, of Mundy street. About one o'clock on Saturday morning he was brought to the lockup by his brother, who stated that he found him wandering about in a half demented condition, and wished to place him under control, as he was anxious for his safety. The young man then commenced to implore in a very pitiful manner to be released, but the lockup-keeper, seeing his condition, thought the wiser plan would be to detain him. At the court Sergeant Fahey expressed his opinion that in his present state the young man was not fit to be at large, and applied to the bench to have him remanded to the lunacy ward of the Bendigo Hospital for a week, at the expiration of which time his condition will be in- quired into, and if found necessary he will be sent to the Kew Asylum. The request was granted. TRAGOWEL PLAINS IRRIGATION WORKS.— The "Charlton Independent" says :— The sub- commit- tee of the Tragowel Irrigation Trust met on Thursday afternoon at Macorna to arrange for turning the first sod of the works. The chairman (the Rev. E. C. De Garis) reported that he had in- terviewed His Excellency the Governor, and pre- ferred the request of the trust that he would per- form the ceremony, and that a reply by telegram had been received stating that the Governor could be present on Friday, 2nd July. It was therefore decided to adopt that day, and an effort is to be made to induce the Railway Commissioners to grant such facilities as are usually given when the open- ing of a new railway is celebrated. The banquet is to be supplied by a Sandhurst caterer. Buggies are to be provided for the conveyance of visitors from Pyramid Hill to the site of the works. Mr Starr, engineer to the trust, is busily engaged running levels, and otherwise preparing for the letting of the first contract. Mr Starr, C. E., was at Dur- ham Ox on Thursday, and commenced the survey. The first contract will be let at the next meeting of the trust on June 17. As the Loddon will have to be temporarily diverted whilst the foundations of the Serpentine weir are being got in, it is the intention of the trust to hurry on the channels as fast as possible, so as to be able to distribute the water when it arrives. DEATH OF MR. PATRICK HAVLIN.— Another old Bendigonian has joined the great majority, in the person of Mr Patrick Havlin, who expired at his late esidence, Miller Street, Back Creek, on Satur- day evening about six o'clock. The deceased was a native of Ireland, and came out to the colony in the early part of the "fifties." He arrived on Bendigo about 31 years ago, and like everybody else then at once turned his attention to gold seeking. In 1866 he took the Belfast Arms hotel, which was then situated in Mitchell Street, about on the site where Mr Waller's dispensary now stands. Here he was pretty successful, and seven years afterwards built the new Belfast Arms hotel in Hargreaves Street, where he remained until about four months ago, when he was compelled through ill-health to retire. Since then he has been living privately on his property at Back Creek. He was well- known throughout the dis- trict, and although rather rough in his manner many will regret to hear of his death. He leaves a widow and family of three girls and one boy, all of whom, however, are grown up. The funeral is announced to leave his late residence at two o'clock to-morrow afternoon. INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.— The Mayor of Eagle- hawk has called a meeting for Wednesday evening of all persons desirous of assisting to carry out the Bendigo Juvenile and Industrial Exhibition. The meeting will be held at 7.30 o'clock. THE PRESENTATION TO MR. J. D. EDWARDS.— The handsome gold keyless watch which was pre- sented on Friday evening to Mr Edwards in recognition of his remarkable performances in the cricket field last evening, was subscribed for by a large number of his friends and admirers outside of the B. U. O. C., as well as by members of the club. The dinner was confined to members of the B. U. C .C., but Mr Edwards, in acknowledging the gift, did not omit to thank those who were not present as well an those who were, for their valu- able gift. He also took the opportunity of com- plimenting Bendigo cricket, and expressed the opinion that the B. U.C. C. first eleven in its full strength was competent to hold its own against any Metropolitan club. When Mr. Bruce made the presentation, he made allusion to Mr. Edwards' undoubted claims to inclusion in the Australian Eleven now in England, and the loud applause showed how heartily those present concurred in Mr Bruce's opinion. THE PRINCE OF WALES AND CRICKET.— At the recent B. U .C .C. dinner, the chairman (Mr W. Bruce) proposed the toast "The Prince of Wales," and in doing so happily alluded to the interest which His Royal Highness had taken in the Aus- tralian cricketing team in England, and to the honor accorded to the members of the team of an in- troduction to him. He (the chairman) considered that such a graceful recognition of our cricketing boys was a compliment to all Australian cricketers. The toast was drunk enthusiastically. ENGINE-DRIVERS' ASSOCIATION.— The usual weekly meeting was held on Saturday evening at Hansen's Hotel. Mr. R. Little was in the chair, and there was a fair attendance. A letter was re- ceive from the Miners' Association, appointing Tuesday evening, at 6.30, for the meeting of sub-committees of the associations, re the anni- veistay. An apprentice was elected. THE MANUFACTURE OF FUSE.— In the Legisla- tive Assembly on Thursday, Dr.Quick drew special attention to the encouragement given by the late Minister of Lands (Mr. Tucker) to an English firm, Messrs Bickford, Smith and Co., to establish a fuse factory in Melbourne. The Age says:— Mr J. Tucker granted a license to the firm to occupy 27 acres of land between Footscray and Braybrook as a site for the factory which they propose to establish here. Dr. Quick complained that while special facilities were offered to a foreign firm equal concessions were denied to Messrs. Perry and Hunter, fuse manufacturers at Sandhurst, and Messrs. Perry and Hunter ob- ject to an English firm being practically subsidised by the Government to compete against an established local industry. In connection with this case it is explained by the Secretary for Lands that the only concession granted to the English firm was the issue of a licence for a piece of land near Braybrook, entitling them to hold the site until it had been put up to auction. The rental fixed was £40 per annum, and the licence can be revoked at any time at the instance of the Lands department. The firm contemplated starling their factory in Sydney, but decided in favor of Melbourne after Mr Tucker promised to issue a licence to occupy the site described. No start has yet been made by Messrs Bickford, Smith and Co to establish their factory in consequence of the death of their agent in Melbourne, but another agent is now on his way out from England. FOREST-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH.— A united service of Sabbath schools in and around Sand- hurst was conducted by Dr Grattan Guiness at the above church yesterday afternoon. At the com- mencement, the children and their parents and friends were briefly addressed by Dr. Perter, who spoke to them about exercising themselves in that which was good, and not in that which was evil. The exercise in good would result in its increase, as in an opposite sense to think on any particular vice would render one more addicted to it. Dr. Guiness, then read the 1st verse of the 63rd Psalm, the children repeating the words after him. He urged them to "seek God early," and explained to them the meaning of the latter term, which meant first and now. By seeking the Lord now they should find Him. The church was crowded. Attention is drawn to the advertisement relating to Dr. Grattan Guiness' lecture for men only, at the Princess Theatre on Wednesday evening. The admission to the dress circle is fixed at the nominal charge of one shilling but to all other parts of the theatre admission is free, but by ticket. Tickets may be obtained from Mr. H. Holmes, timber merchant, McCrae-street; Anderson and Son Mitchell-street; and the various booksellers. As a great many tickets have already been applied for those wishing to secure seat will do well to obtain their tickets at once. None under the age of 17 will be admitted to the lecture. A FOOTBALLER IN TROUBLE.— The Age says:— Francis Besmire, described as a New South Wales footballer, who did not appear, was charged on summons at the City Police Court on Friday with larceny as a bailee of a silver watch, value £5 10s, the property of John Paul Carolia. The latter said the watch was bought on time-payment in July last. Accused had only paid 30s. He went away to Sydney and thence to Goulburn. Recently he came to Melbourne, unexpectedly, to play in a football match, and was arrested for deserting his wife ??? ??? at the Fitzroy court. Here witness chanced to meet him and asked him for the watch, which accused admitted having pawned for 15s. He took witness to a pawn shop at the corner of Latrobe-street. The pawnbroker said he had sold the watch as an unredeemed pledge. Besmire was then informed that, he had committed a serious offence, and had rendered himself liable to prosecution. He then promised to meet wit- ness and arrange the matter next day; but he did not do. The bench issued a warrant tor accused's apprehension. GOLD, CALLS AND DIVIDENDS.— The gold re- turns on Saturday were not large even for the off week, the total being only 2,200 ozs. The list was headed by Lansell's "180" with 410 ozs., the other principal ones being Golden Pyke, 278 ozs; Hercules, 181 ozs; ; Frederick the Great, 151 ozs; Lady Barkly, 150 ozs; Bruhn's, 142 osz; North Johnson's, 117 ozs. Only two local dividends were declared, the Golden Pyke 6d, £700, and the New Hopeful, 3d, £300, and a dividend of 64 in Lord Nelson, St. Arnaud, is also advertised. The week's call are heavy, as "Ghost Wednesday" occurs next week. The total is £8,417 10s. MR. STERRY AND THE BENDIGO AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.— At a meeting of the above society held in the Beehive Exchange on Saturday afternoon, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the presi- dent, Mr Sterry, for representing the society at a conference of delegates in Melbourne on the 2nd June, in reference to an increased grant-in-aid to agricultural societies, and also for his action in on deavoring to obtain a suitable site near the city for an agricultural college. Mr Craike, in mov- ing the resolution, referred to the energy and interest displayed by Mr Sterry in every matter conductive to the well-being of the society. That this opinion was shared by everyone present was evidenced by the hearty applause with which the motion was greeted. Mr Sterry said that he did not expect any such mark of approval for his actions. He had merely done his duty, and was only sorry that he had not been able to forward the interests of the society more than he had done. In the matter of obtaining a site at Wild Duck Creek for an agricultural college, they had not been successful, but he hoped that this difficulty would yet be overcome. He heartily thanked them for the vote. WEST SANDHURST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.— This church was crowded both morning and even- ins yesterday, when the services were conducted by the Rev J. Hunter Potter. The rev gentleman's discourse in the morning was on the "Religion of the body," Romans, 12th chap., 1st verse. The lead- ing feature in in remarks was that in days gone by the body had been held by philosophers to be evil in itself. He adduced arguments to show that such was not case, that the body was in itself sacred. He also applied physiology, sanitary and moral lessons relative to the subject of health. In the 'evening the rev preacher took for his text Romans, 1st chap, and 16th verse on the "Eternal principles in the Gospel." The rev. gentleman de- scribed the state of Roman society during the reign of the emperors, and compared the stoical philosophy with the eternal principles of right as revealed in the Gospel. BAPTIST CHURCH.— Dr. Porter, the pastor of this church, officiated yesterday morning,and preached an interesting sermon from St. John, 9th chapter, 5th verse — "I am the light of the world." In consequence of the servce in the theatre the church was not opened in the evening. A FUNERAL SERVICE.— Last evening the Rev. J. L. Green preached a funeral sermon in the United Methodist Church, Calvin-street, in connection with the recent demise of Mrs Isherwood, and old and respected member of the congregation. The rev gentleman selected his text from the 4th verse of the 23rd Psalm —"Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil, for thou are with me, thy rod and thy staff they comfort me." From these words he preached a most impressive and eloquent sermon, which was attentively listened to by the large congregation present. Suitable hymns were sung by the choir, Miss Bull aly presiding at the harmonium. ARRESTED FOR VAGRANCY. — On Saturday after- noon a Chinaman named Ah Ping was arrested by Constable Turner on a charge of soliciting arms in a public place. When searched at the lockup the prisoner had seven shillings on him, made up principally of coppers and threepenny pieces. He will be brought before the City Bench this morning. MR RICHARD ANDREWS.— This gentleman, who is recovering rapidly from his lae illness, was able on Saturday to come into town. Mr. Andrews is looking even stronger and better than he did be- for his attack. POST OFFICES.— After the 1st July a post office will be opened at Gillieston via Tatura. The Kyabram West post office has been changed to Meehan's. BOARD OF ADVICE.— Messrs W. H. Odgers and A. E. Smith have been appointed members of the board of advice for the Shire ot Gordon. SAVINGS BANK AUDITORS.— Mr George E. Emery has been appointed auditor for the Castle- maine Savings Bank, and Mr G. R. Reeves for the Sandhurst bank. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, EAGLEHAWK.— The an- niversary soiree and concert of the Presbyterian Church, Eaglehawk, will be held at the Town Hall on Wednesday evening. Addresses will be delivered by the Revs. J. H. Potter and G. M. Connor, and musical selections will be rendered by the choir and amateurs. AN ILLUMINATED ADDRESS.— The illuminated address recently presented to Mr George Minto is to be seen in the window of Messrs Basillie and Goodison, drapers, Pall Mall. BENDIGO RACES.— Messrs Grattan and Stamp are announced to sell on Thursday next, at 11.30 a.m, two publicans' booths, a tea and coffee stall, a fruit and lolly stall, and a site for a merry-go- round for the Bendigo races. Mr. S.Bickle, draper, of Pall Mall, announces a special purchase of Himalaya and Battenberg dress fabrics, and which he is prepared to sell at a very cheap rate. Messrs. McClure, Valantine, and Co., auctioneers, Melbourne, will sell on Tuesday, 8th June, at 12 o'clock, the Standard Brewery and.Stannard Hotel, Campbell's Creek, near Castlemaine, in the trust estate of Mrs. A. S. Myring. After the sale of the brewery, etc., they will sell valuable properties at Carisbrook and Chew- ton. Sergeant Fahey has received 2s 6d from "A Friend" towards the funds of the poor-box. 