The Anglican General Synod. Revision of the Prayer Book. (Sydney Morning ScraU.J At the Bitting of the synod on Friday last, tho Bishop of Ballarat movod, — 'That this gyncd is of opinion that tho Prayer Book of the Church of li'nylund standb urgently in need of buch revifcion as will augment its flexibility, variety, and comprehensiveness, without intro ducing any doctrinal changes, and rcsnootf ullv ?ubkaits this expression of its opinion to the authorities of tho Churoh of England, earnestly hoping that they may, in their wia dem, see fit to originate early aotion in this matter.' Tho apouker aaid the reBolution whioh stood in hju name waB brought forward by him fivo years mgo. Tho Prayer Book, in his opinion, required aome revision. He did ni t propose tbat thoy (tho synod) should at ti nipt to revise tho Book of Common Prayer, but tbuy could mako cortain representations to tho authorities to tho c-ffeot that a roviaiou was desirable. Tho Prayer Book had been in use for over 200 years, and they ought to know something of ltd merits and defects. It wiu a wniidrously and incalculably valuable book to all of them, end ho yielded to nobody in tho synod in hia profound admiration of tho ohasto language of that volume.. Ho did not rise to attuok thu book ; on tho contrary, ho Ioto aid revered it too much to attack it ; but ho tlid say that the book was open to rovision. It had been lovised four times alreudy, and it would be quito reasonable to hu\o it revised again. The moment tho American Church got free from the Act of Uniformity it bttcok itself to the work of ro vising tbo Prayer Book ; nnd tho great Church of Ireland, as scon as it was freed from tha Act, followed the same course. He then quoted esteutivily from th* remurks which havo been mado on the bubjeot of tho revision of the Bonk of Common Prayer by the £ishop of Win chester, the Bishop of Bedford, tho Bishop of Noiwich, and othtr learned men of all schools of thought, the wholo of whom wore deoidedly in favour of Ecine alteration of the book. He alEo Etiid that Lord Kelson had stated that ionic ef the services in the book wero not at all suited to many numbers of tha Church, end did not meet the reo[uiro rucnts of the great J»aps of tho people. Having used tho Prayer Book ixcessantly for years, snd f 01 mid an opinion regarding its rccritB and defects, the rev. gentleman said that a deliberate conviction had been formed ia his mind that nothing other than a renowod baptism of power from tho Holy Ghost was moi e imcottant to the life and prosperity of the church than the revision of the book. Ho then alluded to tho rigidity in stjlo and direc tion, and tho lack o{ vwietv which character ised the volume. In his opinion it was, in many rertcctr, somewhat monotonous. He did not think the great bulk of their p&oplo; took spontaneously to the rigid stylo of the 1'rh.jitr Bcok, and thero was an outcry for thcrtor servioes. The eff-:ot of the rigidity of the style in the book was ultimately to biing About disobedience. At the present timo he did nut believe tbat the rubrics wore obej ed ttiiotly. Asa matter of faot, only half tho buriul service waa used in Auatitlia. (Cries of ' Oh, oh !') Well, ho was vory glad to be corrected, and he would withdraw the remark. Hufend been told that the Church of Eome provided greater liberty of aotion for the olergy, and the clergymen of the Knglhk Cbuieh mutt either go to Borne or dieseut, or vichite their declaration if they wanted greater freedom. Ee prefeireeVto agit«te for the lawful authorilyto get certain improvements brought about in Iho tcok whioh tras eo dear to all of them. Ho then dealr. with the objections which might bo raised agaitot. the revision. 3 hero would, he said, he no danger from a proper revision of the work aa long a3 the altera tions did not involve uny doctrinal changes. It weu maiYC-llous to him to find the poopla of a Haformetl Churoh protesting ngitinst the rcvidon of ihe Book of Common Prayer. Tko IDtJNUM K.X IUU YiK'lU. WUtJ IJUti lUipUfiClUlU, KUU tbej must have it revised either with the oon Eent of the English Parliament or without it. If they could not get a reform in their liturgy, then let them b« fr«e and ltt them be disestab lished. Cno advantage or passing the reaolu tic-n would be that tho question of ilia rovision would be brought under the notice of tho great cuthoiitioi- in England. The subject would then bo properly considered by tho Lomboth Conference, &nd; ho thought thut the result of the consideration would bo to further tho csauso of the Chnrch of Kngland. Archdeacon Beams, in seconding the motion, eaid ho advccatcc in oert&iu; respects 11 revision t,f the Book of Common Prayer. He yiolded to none in his admiration for and in his attachment lo the bi ok, end it was bco&uio; ha so greatly ad ziircd it cud was so greatly attache;! to it that ho wished to Eeo it made adaptable to the under standings and the needs of hia follow- oh urch- men of the present generation. Some of the language contained in tho book was antiquatod, iitd nit easily understood by tha peoplo. Ki.itlur, some of tho language was aotually misleading to those who used it or heard it ueed. There wa§ great nted of ruoro liberty being given to the officiating ministers, The Atlinnr.fiim Creed wus a r.ob'o symbol — (hear, hear)— but it was hardly understood bj the preat majority of the people. Some libarty khould alto be allowed in the use of the burial service ; and a number of collects Eproially adapted for ueo in families were al=o wsnted. [.Alter Eorco further diecunsion, the mattor wu- adjourned till Monday last, when an amendment wbb agreed to, aa printed in tho Sydney telegrams in our yesterday's issue. — In. 2'] 