CRICKET. MOUNT BARKER v. STRATHALBYN. On Saturday, November 21st, the Strath- albyn and Mount Barker cricketers met on the local ground. The weather was beautiful and, although the wicket was somewhat bumpy, a very pleasant game took place. The grass on the outfield is not as smooth and level as it might be. and, consequently, the direction taken by the ball was sometimes puzzling to the fieldsman. Just at the end of the play one of the Stmthalbyn men stopped a hit with his eye and, like the Speaker's optic in the well-known song, it soon became "black and green and blue." The visitors went first: to the wickets, and their earliest representatives shaped very welL Stuart especially batted in good form, and before Cope got one past Shipway the score had got out of its teens 1-9-21. Davis, who did so well for Prince Alfred College on the previous Thursday, was the next man. O'Halloran—the old St. Peter's spirit being strong within him—took special pains to capture this wicket, and he soon had the satisfaction of seeing a ball go into Cope's hands—2-5-32. The captain came next. He stopped long enough to see Stuart add a few runs to the total and then succumbed to O'Halloran—3-1-38. A rapid procession from the scoring-place to the wicket and vice versa now set in, and when Halliday was bowled the record stood 9-1-44. The last men enlivened matters a bit, Hooper especially making some good strokes. Cope, however, spreadeagled one set of stumps, and the innings was over for 57 or one less than the Murray Bridge men made on the previous Saturday. The Mount Barker .fielding was very good and the bowling was right on the spot. In his last five overs Cope recorded two maidens, five wickets, and ten runs, while O'Halloran's closing five showed one maiden, two wickets, and six runs. Leaney and O'Halloran were the first representatives of Mount Barker, and the latter scored two off the first ball received. Donnithorne opened with maidens, but Shipway was treated with severity by both players. At 33—although two-thirds of the runs had been made off Shipway—Donnithorne was taken off in favor of Halliday and Shipway changed ends. At 31 Leaney gave a difficult chance which was not taken, two runs being scored instead of a wicket. Halliday was not at all a success, and the total kept its rapid growth until Shipway knocked over Leaney's wicket—1-12-42. The retiring batsman played with great spirit and con- fidence and showed promise of even better things in the future. Acraman was the next comer, and he began with his wonted caution while O'Halloran continued to pile on runs. He made the winning hit off Halliday, and immediately afterwards that bowler went off in favor of Stuart. Only two overs had been sent down by the new comer when stumps were drawn, leaving the resident team victors by nine wickets and 23 runs. O'Halloran showed fine cricket, his hitting. being hard and well-timed, while not the ghost of a chance can be urged against him. The Strathalbyn fielding was very good on the whole, although two overthrows were caused by temporary demoralisations. Hal- iiday did well as backstop, and Irving was also very active. Their great lack is In the bowling department, although the batsmen too need more practise. A return match is . to be played at Strathalbyn on January 8th and, as a better batsman's wicket is promised, some tall scoring is expected. Appended are the scores :— STBATHiXBYN. Ship way,, b Cope • ... 9 Stuart, c Samwell, b Cope ... ■ ... 26 Davis, cCope, b O'Halloran ... S Irving, J. (capt.), b O'Halloran ... 1 Johnstone, b Cope ... O Donnithorne, b O'Halloran ... 2 Griffiths, b Cope ... 1 Eiley, c .Weir, h Cope 0 Halliday, b O'Halloran 1 Hooper, not out - ... ... ... 9 Sinks, b Cope 3 Bye ... 1 57 Bowuho AbaiVSIS—O'Halloran, 90 balls, 20 runs, 8 mdns, 4 wkts;. Cope, 86 balls, 36 runs, 2 mdns, 6 wkts. JIOt)Nl BABKEB. . Leaney, b Shipway 12 O'Halloran, T. S., not out 60 Acraman, M.A., not out 7 Milne, G., *1 Cope, S., j Samwell, Bev. P. W. j VDidmttat Byard, D. J., ) Weir, | Anderson, J Bye 1 For 1 wicket 80 BowMno Abaitsis—Shipway, 90 balls, 46 runs, 2 mdns, 1 wkt; Donnithorne, 36 balk, 11 runs, 3 mdns ; Halliday, 30 balk, 21 runs j Stuart, 12 balls, 1 mdn, 1 run. 