TASMAN'S PENINSULA. A meeting was held at Taranna on Wednesday, the 9th inst., for the purpose of considering the desirability of forming a rifle club in the peninsula, but though' sold at this place for the convenience of the inhabitants of the northern portion of the peninsula, only two attended the meeting. The next will be held at Carnarvon on Monday, the 19th Inst. Intelligence was brought into Carnarvon on Thursday evening that a man of the name of Soames was lying ill in his hut near Long Bay. Sub-inspector Bullainie, with a promptitude and energy that does him great credit, at once went to see the man, and finding him in a bad way obtained volun ' tcers, who came forward with the greatest readiness, and with great difficulty carried the man down a wretched track to a cart, in which he was conveyed to Taranna, where l Sub-inspector Bellainie attended upon him, and saw him off by the ss. Taranna on Friday ; but, unfortunately, though all was done that could be done in such a case, the i poor fellow died on his way to town. He was an old soldier who had served his country, and was suffering from an old bullet wound in the log. The names of those who so readily and kindly came for ward to assist Mr. Bellainie, deserve record- ing, as everyone feels grateful to them for their hard night's work, They were Alfred Batchelor, H. Evenden, B. S. Harris, W Jones, Alma MacGuinness, and Edward O'Boyle. The Bishop of Hobart was here last week, and surely deserves every credit for travelling over such roads to attend to his people. The state of the Carnarvon and Taranna roads can be better imagined than described. The usual method of blinding the large metal with clay and mud, and so covering all im- perfections, has been carefully followed out, the result being a strong glutinous pea soup mixture of irregular and uncertain depth. VVo much regret to hear that the state of the road is delaying the opening of the Roman Catholic College at Carnarvon. When will our Government got men who know something about road making to lay out and inspect them, and what an immense saving it would be to the country ? Macadam's ghost might well be horrified at their present doings, | June 14 