THE EDITOR. ? Tiib editor who wills to please .?Mtiqt humbly crawl upon Iiis knees, ? AmVkiss tho hnnils that bent him ; Or, if he dare attempt to walk, Must toe the mark that others chalfc, * * And cringe to all that meet him. Sttys'one,' your subjects are too grave— Toomucb morality you have— .Too much, about religion j Give iiig same witch or wizard tnlcs, With slipshod ghosts, with 6ns and tails, Or feathers like a pigeon. . J lore to read, another cries,. Those monstrous fashionable lies — ( i i In other words, those novels, Composed of kings nnd Queens and lords^ Of border wars and Gothic hordes,. That teed to live in hovels. No— no,'criesone,,weVehad enough Of such confounded lovesick staff To craze the fair creation ; Give os some reccnt foreign-news, Of Russians, Turks— Greeks and Jews, Or an; other nation. ' The man of drilled scholastic lore - Would. like to see a little more In scraps of Greek and Latin ; Tbe merchants rather have 'tbo pr\ce Of Southern indigo and rice, ? Or India silk or satin! '' Another cries, I want reoro fun,* A witty anecdote or pUQ, , , A, rebus or , a riddle ; . ( ,pome long fop missionary ncwi -And some— of wordly, carhnl vfews— Would rather hear a fjddle. The,' critic, too,' of classic skill, Myst dip in gall bii gander quill, ' And scrawl against' the paper; Of all the literary fools, Bred in our colleges qnd schools, Ho cuts the silliest ciper .Another cries, I want to see p pome jumbled. up variety— Yariety in all things; A miscellaneous hodge-podge print. Composed— I only give the hint— Of multifarious small things. I want some marriage news, say s Jlisg, It constitutes ray highest bliss, - To hear of weddings plenty; For in n time of general rain, . Nona suffer from drought 'tis plain, At least not ene in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, says oqq ; Of people totally outdone By losses,. fire, or fever; Another answers, full as wise, I'd rather have tho fall and rise, Of bacon, skius, and leather. (Some signify a secret wish ' For now aud then a savory dish Of politics to suit them ; But here .we rpst at perfect ease, :For should they sw&jr; the moon, was choose, We never ^quld dispute them. Or grave, or bpmorous, wild or tame, . Lofty or low, 'tis all tbe same, Too haughty or too hamblo; And every editorial wight Has nought to do but what' is right, . And let tbe grambler grumble* 