EhCIIOES OF MELB3OUURNE. [By TueI. GIOsT.] Although Parliament is still in the first week of thq session, it is already plain that there are troublous times ahead of the Ministry. The Ministerial lifo of Mr. Gillies will neither be a long nor a merry one, and but for the foolish tactical mis take of the Opposition caucus in selecting Mr. Bent as "leader of the Opposition," would not have Ijeen worth a lollth's pur clase. Tihe dehbat on the address has not yet been concluded in the Assembly, and will, according to present appearances, last through next week. Under a chief of the calibre of Mr. Service the Government would have surmounted without dilliculty or loss of time the initial dilliculties inci dental to the commencement of all fresh Parliaments. But Mr. Gillies lacks most of the attributes necessary to constitute a successful Parliamentary leader. As Mr. Shields, with " brutal frankness," told the Premier, he sadly lacks "tact, good temper, and generosity," and had the honourable and learned member for Normanby added that Mr. Gillies was con stitutionally lazy and apathetic, cold and repellant in manner, gifted with an undue amount of self-sufficiency, without the faculty of making now friends, or retaining the good opinion of old ones, he would most correctly have portrayed the gentleman who at liresent, according to Mr. Shields, designates himself in his private as well as tie public correspon dence as " Premier of Victoria." Perhaps, owing to the rumoured departure on a trip to England of their recently chosen leader, the Opposition has refrained from taking a distinct want of confidence motion in regard to the Government, or, porhaps, the chiefs of "the party that sits to Mr. Speaker's left," are unable to arrive at any satisfactory arrangement in regard to the division of spirits, but no amendment has been proposed, Mr. Bent's followers con tenting themselves with pointing out the weak spots in the Ministerial armour, and waiting the outcome of events. The old saying that "all things come to those who wait " is likely to receive yet another illustration, and Messrs, W. C. Smith, M'Intyre, Munro, Gaunson, Patterson, Shields, and the occupants of the "cross benchles" are evidently not destined to wait very long before they replace his Excellency's present advisers. Were Mr. Bent out of the way, the existence of the present Ministry would not be worth aI month's purchase, but honourable gentle men appear fully to realise the fact that Victoria is not yet ripe for a "Bent Govern ment." Since the foundering of the s.s. Dande nong some twelve years ago, no maritime disaster off the Australian coast has created such aprofound feeling as the wreck of the Ly-ce-Moon off Green Cape. Tlhat a well found ship, in comparatively fine weather, should deliberately be run ashore within a s few yards of a well known lighthouse is I almost beyond comprehension. Well may tihe coroner's jury empanelled to enquire into the cause of the death of such of the unfortunate passengers as the cruel sea gave up bring in a verdict that "gross neglect has been shown," and a finding of manslaughter against the officers in charge of the vessel. Doubtless when the 1 relatives of the deceased institute action against the A.S.N. Company for the re covery of such compensation as money can afford, there will be more care exercised by those in authority to secure passengers against the extra risk, through carelessness of those who go down to the sea in ships. The fear of the consequences-to their pockets-has caused railway managers to adopt a system under which accidents are well nigh impossible, and the same motives would no doubt act as a powerful incentive in cases of the owners of passenger steam ships to adopt means for ensuring, as far as it lies in human foresight, the safety of those who confide their lives and property to their care. The dark story of the loss of the Ly-ee-Moon is brightened by the tale of heroism told of some of the rescuers, who willingly risked their own lives in saving those of the few survivors of the wreck. Daniel Whelan, Olaf Thorpe, George Walter, and Andrew Berglan have been recommended to the notice of the Royal Humane Society for their brave con duct on the melancholy occasion. One of the most lively episodes that has for some time past broken the gentle chronic dullness that pervades the pro ceedings of the Council of the city of Melbourne occurred a few days since in connection with a proposition to rescind the permission accorded to a body of per sons styling themselves Nationalists, to hold a meeting in the Town Hall, to ex press their approval of Mr. Gladstone's scheme of Home Rule. In the course of the debate, during which feeling ran high and personalities were indulged in as freely as they generally are in the Legislature, a motion requestingthe Committee that had given permission to use the Tmwn Hall to reconsider their decision was carried, and the Grand Old Man who now rules over the destinies of the British Empire will have to face tise second reading of the measure unsupported by the voice of " the citizens of Melbourne, in public meeting assembled," approving of his scheme for promoting the disintegration of the Queen's dominions. Perhaps now that it has been sought to obtain an expression of public opinion at the antipodes in con nection with Mr. Gladstone's policy, some one may " improve the occasion" by calling a meeting to protest in the name of Australia against a course which is the first step towards he disintegration of the BritishaEmpire. It would certainly be a libel on the colony were it to go forth that the sympathisers with Mr. Parnell's de mands are in a majority in Victoria. Pity the sorrows of the poor old civil servants of Victoria. After drawing hand some salaries for some thirty or forty years, the gentlemen in " the service" who have attained the ripe age of 60 are to be placed on the pension list and receive handsome sums for doing nothing. Tlii. iq one of the " economics'" introduced by the Ciyil Service Commissioners, and just now is creating a great ferment amongst the SGovernment employes. In tile majority of the cases where retirement at the end of the present year is made compulsory, the office-holders are in full possession of their mental and bodily faculties, and will not be replaced by better men. Their successor.s will only be some two or three years younger-in some instances the difference is less- and at the expiration of that time another batch of pensioners will be added to the already too lengthy list. When this ridiculous system has been in operation for a dozen years or so its folly will be apparent, and its own weight will break it down. Already has an onslaught been made in Parliament on the action of the Government in sending notices to the gentlemen who have attained the age of \- 60, and although the move savoured more of party than patriotism, the Ministry was fain to give way and promise that the resolve of the Government should not be carried out. Indeed, the whole Civil Service Act is now so unpopular that it would not occasion much surprise were it S"improved off the statute book." June 7. 