HIS VOW. There is a peculiar fascination in the half-savagery and semi-civilization I of a western mining town. The arti- ficial polish is rubbed off, and a man stands naked for inspection with his good and bad traits exposed, like au anatomical figure showing the muscles in a waxwork museum. v Eureka, .Nevada, had its characteris- tic population of impoverished English gentlemen ; adventure-loving Ameri- cans, who had broken loose from the trammels of Eastern counting-houses ; plodding Germans ; rollicking, laugh ter-loving Englishmen, and a sprink- ling of gamblers, Jews, ready to buy, or sell, or cheat, and with an occasion- al rara avis in the shape of a woman. The silver mines were in full blast, and np the mountain sides were tall chimneys to carry off the fumes of aisenic liberated in purifying the chloride. These arsenic fumes, like the magic waters of the fairy tale, had singularly beautifying effect upon the complexion. Wrinkles were unknown, and rough miners showed, underneath their grime, skins that a city belle would have envied. * Hullo, Stanley, what are you do- ing here ?' ' Cultivating green sage and lizards and running the Bugle-horn of Liber- ty,' replied a delicate-looking young man with pale, resolute features, whose long fingers played nervously with the buttons of his coat. ' Been long here ?* was the next query of his friend, who evidently had only recently arrived from some dis- tant camp, or he would surely have known the trenchant writer of the Bugle-horn. ' Long here ? No, I am never long anywhere. I'm a rolling-stone ever since-. Bah, why think of the past ! Let us liquor.' The motion was carried item. con. as such notions are in camp, where work and dissipation are indulged in with equal intensity. 4 But, I say, Stanley/ resumed his companion, ' when do you intend leaving ?' ÍÍ ' I'd like to run down to the Bay i and see my old grandmother, but I've i made a rash vow, pard, I'll never ? leave this place till I leave it by water.' The words were remembered long afterwards, but now, before any com- ment was made upon them, the at- tention of the editor and the miner was attracted by tho sounds of music, furnished by two fiddles, a very -wheezy cornet, and a snare drum. * A marriage/ replied Stanley, readily supplying the local news, as became the editor of an enterprising paper. * Smith, the little tailor, is getting spliced to Julia Morgan, the daughter of old Morgan, the black- smith. The Bev. Mr. Gray will do for them. Come along and see the ceremony.' The Episcopal church and the Pio- neer hotel were the only two buildings in Eureka that had any pretensions to architectural style, and, strange to say, the church bad rather the best of it. In mining towns rum generally gets ahead of religion. \- The Rev. Thomas Gray was a splen- did specimen of a man, six feet two in his stockings, broad-shouldered, deep chested, bearded like a pard, with arms like an athlete, eyes as blue as the western skies in sunshine, dark as a thunder cloud in anger. The ßev. Mr. Gray had great in- fluence with 'the boys.' He waa the best shot in the camp. He was the champion runner. He threw Doll Pentreatb, the Cornish miner, three times in succession, and having rescued a lad from bully Bob Brighton, he tackled that redoubtable boxer, used bim up completely in two rounds, and left him as a friendly token of his powers a pair of black eyes, a broken nose, and a conspicuous gap in his mouth formerly adorned by three to- bacco-stained teeth. He horsewhipped -~ Tom Logan for beating his wife; and when a set was made on old Levi, the Jew money-lender, he protected him against a dozen of the roughest miners ia the camp, armed with bowie knives nant typhuB, when his companions had left him to die. He jumped into a raging stream, without a thought of self, after Hauk Brown's little girl, though death seemed ceitain, and restored her to her mother, and he cared for and took into his own house, and looked after Jenny Smedley, the castaway of two camps, and made a new woman of her. Now his word was lay, and no mar- riage was held binding unless the lines were written by the the iiev. Tom. No baptism had sanctifying grace un- less the sacred sign was made by tbe Rev. Tom, and the men would as soon bave left a comrade's corpse co be devout ed by the coyotes as to have the last sad, comforting service read by anyone else than the Rev. Tom. He wub the lawyer, the doctor, the parson, the family adviser, the friend I of every man, woman, and child in the l old camp. On one occasion, the bishop visited this outlying portion of his see. ' Ah said his Lordship, ' I pity you, brother Gray. The people here do, indeed, need the Gospel.' ' There is something needed before you give them the Gospel,' said the Rev, Mr. Gray, * Before the Gospel ?' said his lord- ship in astonishment. * Yes,' said the humble divine with a merry winkle of his eyes, ' you must first corral tbem;'and he bad corralled them. He had that marvel of camp life, a packed church every Sunday, and his request for money was always and unhesitatingly com- plied with. When he first came to the camp, the theatre was open every night in the week, and the attendance at the church was-nil. The Rev. Mr. Gray wrote to the manager, 'You have good bouses six nights in the week; let me have a whack at the boys on the seventh.' It was a bargain. From that day the theatre remained closed on Sundays. The boys kicked at first ; but after a while they got to like the common-sense sermons, the apt illus- trations, the good advice, and the church became a popular institution. The marriage serviee that Stanley had brought the miner te witness, might have been conducted with greater pomp in the fashionable church of some Eastern city ; but no reverend deau, or learned bishop or lord arch- bishop could havo delivered the words more impressively tban they rolled out, like the swell or some great or- gan, from the capacious chest of the I Rev. Tom, and when sonorously the words reverberated throughout the | church, ' I pronounce that they be i man aud wife together, in the name of I the Father, and of the Son, and of the I Holy Ghost, Amen.' Julia and Al : Smith looked timidly at each other, I but with evident satisfaction, and a full and comforting knowledge that if | ever man or woman were truly and lawfully married, they were. There was great rejoicing in Eureka. There was a special least at the Pio- neer hotel, and the Rev. Mr. Gray sat among the more immediate friends of the newly-married couple. Whiskey also flowed abundantly at the Hagle, and the Miners' Luck, and the United States, and the Washington House, and Uncle Sam's, and the Eureka, and I the whole camp got drunk like one man. The Rev. Mr. Gray left»the Pioneer hotel while the reveló were still at their height, and found Stanley out- side, with folded arms and bent head, in deepest thought. The clergyman laid his hand kindly on the journalist's shoulder and said softly « What's the matter to-night? Why are you not in, drinking the bride's health?' *I can't Btir,' Stanley said J very quietly. ' The old sad thoughts are crowding upon me very thick to- night. I seem to see her face in the shadow of the trees, ia the moonlight on the waters, iu the clouds drifting along the sky. Not the old joyous laughing face of my little dead girl dead to me sir ; but sad and shaded with trouble.' .?Konsense, Stanley. Cheer up, ma*. :'Don't give,way, to womnisu that she married a gambler and a j drunkard. Her father owed him money. The cancelling of the debt was made the price of the innocent child's hand. The unholy bargain was consummated, and the fresh young virgin, in this Christian land, was led to the sacrifice, but with less pure motives than was Iphigenia, by her father Agamemnon, and without even an Artemis to snatch her from the un sanctified altar. I feel that some barm is happening to her.' ' Nonsense, man. Take heart of grace. This is not such a bad-work- ing-day world after all. If you cannot have her, live worthy of her, and don't give way to sick fancies.* ' The shadows are all shaping to one end. I cannot see the end ; but I am involved in it. I am superstitious to- night. Oh, Mr. Gray '-in a beseech- ing tone-'promise me one thing. Here are ¿ve hundred dollars. Pro- mise me to run down to the Bay, should anything happen to me, find ber out, and if she is in trouble and money can help her, use this of tniue. Promise me, Mr. Gray.' ' I promise you with all my heart ; but why not run down yourself?' ' I dare not ; I could not trust my- self to see her villainous husband face .to face without striking him dead. I'll never leave this place till I leave it by water. Good-night, and God bless you.' He turned away abruptly and walked under the shadow of che trees. .Nevada has a setious draw-back in the shape of cloud bursts. When these occur the windows of the heavens ap- pear to open aud the waters which are above the firmament ceme down in torrents and rush along the canyons, carrying everything before them bouses, cattle, trees, farming imple- ments, men, women, and children, and household furniture, in one fearful stream of destruction. The morning after ths wedding the camp was astir early. These were no degenerate city drinkers, who because they were drunk over night, had to shirk work and to steady their nerves with curiously compounded drinks the next day. A deep draught of cold water and a walk through the bracing morning air, and the miners were at work, and the tall chimneys creeping up the hill sides gave forth their magic arsenical fumes. But as the sun rose higher and higher the sky became more and more obscured. At first it was shrouded in gray ; then the gray took intenser tints, and here and there rolled up from the horizon clouds as black as ink. More heavy clouds, till the whole face of beaven was blotted as with a funeral pall, followed, and the sun showed faint and red through the vaporous atmosphere. The houses of Nevada camp were built iu a canyon, and as the sky darkened, the people went within doors waiting for the coming danger, power- less to do anything to avert it, and equally powerless to avoid it. Stanley was standing on the verauda outside the office of the * Bugle-horn/ looking up the canyon in the direction where the storm was gathering. His face was haggard, and his eyes had a worn expression, like those of one who had watched all night. Presently was heard a sudden rush ' iug noise, then cam«) a torrent of water, I and almost in an instant the bed of the ' canyon, which had been the main street of the town, became a raging torrent, tearing at the foundations of houses and sucking up eagerly and carrying along whatever lay in its path. There was a weird fascination in the angry rush of the white-lipped waters, and Stanley stood looking intently down into the hissing, struggling stream. The ßev. Mr. Gray and a few of the servants were on the veranda of the hotel, also watching the progress of the burst. The floating objects became more numerous ; great beams of wood were carried along, like chipB on a mill-dam, cattle were seen struggling in the water, and then there came something that brought a look of pain and resolution into the pale face of the journalise. While it approached, he had taken off his coat and boots, and just before it passed, he plnngnd into the surging stream, -and1 1 right he was striving strenuously to reach the side of the canyon. The struggle was a desperate one. Alone he could have forged through the water, but deprived of one arm and en- cumbered with such a weight it seemed hopeless. One moment he neared the bouses, only the next to be swirled out into tbe middle of the stream. The hotel was the last houBe on the canyon. If he missed that, the three would be carried along for mileB, to be left on the plaius beyond, battered and bruis- ed and lifeless. He strove hard ; but fruitlessly. Swept along ; with all his exertions ho could not near the bank ; but just as he approached the hotel, the waves, which had been so merci- less, relented, and lifting bim up with his helpless burden, Uko foam bubbles, burled him against the foundations of the hotel, to which he clung Willing hands on the veranda above were also strong and ready hands. A rope was lowered and Stunley fastened it round the waist of the unconscious woman. She was drawn up, and tenderly the Rev. Mr. Gray laid her down in the parlour of the hotel, leaving her in the care of the women folk, and then rushed out, as they were hauling up the little tailor. The rope was lowered once more; but just as Stanley laid his hand upon it, just as the rescue was within reach and voices were raised to shout for the hero, a great beam of wood came swimming down the angry stream and struck him on the back of the head. With a groan that could be heard above the seething waters, be relaxed his hold and was carried out into the middle of the rushing stream. They saw him, wilh staring eyeB, and drooping, powerless arms, hurried along, beyond all human help, to the plains beyond the camp. Next day the body was found, bruised and torn almost beyond recognition. He had left Eureka by water.-Charles Derrickson, in Modern Society. 