RC1O70S OF MELBOURNE. [BY TEx:.GHOBT.) b With the, departure from our shores of Meossrs. Berry and Service a period of un precedented quiet has set in. The federation q and :annoeation questions .which the two gentlemen named contrived to keep before' the colony eas more or less "burning" ° ones are rarely, before the public now either in the Press or on the. platform. Now that the sister colony of New South a Wales has resolved, for, the present 'at least, not to tax Victorian agricultural produce, the necessity for intercolonial free trade will not be so apparent in this, d colony as it would have been had a system d of Ireprisals been inaugurated, and the first move towards a union of the Austral asian colonies may be indefinitely post- I poned. Had the shoe begun to pinch, it might have precipitated the adoption of a sensible commercial policy bjy Mr. Oillies and his colleagues, the majority of whom are ready to adopt .any fiscal follies the majority of the people's representa- . tives may advocate. On the. subject of tariff reform the Premier and Commissioner. I of Customs, both avowed and pronounced freotraders, are delightfully open to con viction. And just t t present an agitation is on fo-t for modifying " the settled policy f of the country"in the direction of increased protective duties. A tax of 15 per cent. at ralorest on woollens is not sulticient to i keep out shoddy goods and enable the Victorian mills to pay dividends to their shareholders, and it is desired not only to increase the present impost, but to altor its incidence by altering the present duty to one of a shilling per pound weight on English and foreign tweeds. " Flinders lane" has always been the bole. noire of the advocates of native industries, and if it can be successfully sllown that the contemplated alteration at the Custoum-house will only effect that wealthy but much abused locality it may confidently, be predicted that a considerable share of the work now performed by "expert" valuers will lie transferred to the "weighers" in the employ of the Customs authorities. Despite the allegation that there is "nothing new under the sun," it is certainly a novel de parture to tax "soft goods" at per pound weight. Perhaps all in good time Victorian financiers and political economists may see the wisdom of taxing what is known in certain circles as "hard stuff" at per yard. Victoria has certainly done her best, and with a large amount of success, to prove during the Easter holidays that though her sons are genuine lchips of the old British block, they are hardly amenable to the re proach hurled at the mother country by the first Napoleon,who stigmnatised England as "a nation of shopkeepers." Tile dis play made by both army and navy was in every way most credit able to both branches of his service, and. unless an enemy made his appearance in overwhelming force, his reception would most undoubtedly prove of a kind that would cause him to regret the visit. Our citizen soldiers of all arms conducted them selves admirably, and the mancouvres at Queensclifl proved conclusively that with the exercise on our part of ordinary vigi lance any hostile vessel would find it a matter of impossibility to escape the forts and gunboats at the Heads. Melbourne is humanly speaking safe from attack, but it was made equally plain by Captain Thomas, the naval commandant in Vic torian waters, that the dutports of the colony are almost entirely defenceless, and can at any moment be molested with im punity by any ship that may be detached to shell them. Tilhe demonstration of this fact in regard to Warrnambool, Portland, and Blelfast was no doubt undertaken at the instigation of the gallant naval oflicer at the head of the Australian squadron. It is no secret that the late meeting of Premiers, convened in Sydney by Admiral Tryon, was assembled for the purpose of inducing the colonies to share the cost of maintaining an Imperial fleet in these waters, in the event of the mother I country becoming involved in a contest with any of the European powers. Looked at in this light, the bombardment of our ports on the south coast has a certain amount of value. If, however, the demon stration of our gunboats was not under taken with the view of inducing the colony to fall in with the defence policy of the gallant admiral, it was most undoubtedly a mistake. Although our out ports are un defended, it is hardly requisite that we should publish the fact to the world. There is little chivalry in modern warfare, and an enemy would most certainly select as most fit for attack the most vulnerable places, and the knowledge that the damage inflicted upon them would be made good at the expense of the :whole of the Austral asian colonies would, after all, be a very poor satisfaction to the people of our out lying seaport towns for having their homes knocked about their ears by a hostile t cruiser. One of the latest developments of colonial Iindustry is the project just mooted of forming as island in Iobson's Bay. Should the idea be carried out by the Government through the instru mentality of the Melbourne Harbour 1 Trurt, we shall have shown France and I Gorrany liow, without offending the sus ceptibilities of 'other' nations,' they may accomplish their desire- for territorial ag. grandisement. If there are no 'islands that can be "annexed" in a "free, 'easy, and accessiblel manner,'" allthey have to'do is'to manufacture theiom in Whatver por tion of the globe they may happen to re quire tlihei. A method of .solving. the. vexed question in regard to the possession of the Neow Hebrides will have. been sig-. gested to the home authoiities, for which they. should be duly thankful, and when we 'can point to' oarsilt-imannu factuoed: island as 'a fail' ccoiiphi;. Lord. Granville ill be enabled pobitely to inform France that while entertainiig the profoildest objection to the "ltkiia.g',of. the New, hlabrid e group by,the Republio, lieis quite ready to permit tlhb; "efiabig'' " of a new island, or imdoid an entire r'ehi pelgo- locaned t t aprope' d rostanc from, the shores 'of Anetrialia. 'If o'ily forthb r~sson thaIkthe.irgiectouii]aid in hlobson's !ayn --wathiehbi?t o a eil loog;-by`half a nlile in width-will afford the Foreign and Oplonial SecretanieBj'a lgd~hi Bolor getting not of the diledimn in which their shilly slilly.pol;oy, hsý placed ,them tih dea of vo'Yvlug fresh territqry, out of thedeptlihs, IThe cale of fouri hlullss- iurehigod by; Colonel Sa good when Iinister of Defence, in the occasion of one of our periodical vit'r scares-for muuch lpss;)tan a tenth of tletir cost still coitinubse to be a good deal talked about 'Why the presaont lsinlstei";! 'of' 'D",fd·be ehai?h? dl . iihvd nmade the "alarming sacriflce" invilve'd in adeepting .210, for veiselsa thai, ailtlt owiesr six mnonths ago werq deoeed-b y'tlhs' 'Clvertiiriient worth' h.t7,,0 ise 'sBPsewhsit oifi' puzzle Mr. Lorimer is 'ahOve heing actuateid :by' adesiel;i'et ''dite.lit 'a 'ire ddeessor in ollice; thl hislls'ivweri':ni6iot' idoutre' f 4'dnpse ti tli'oilejilitmdi, ,ilid the Government is in no urgeiit iai0 f thlL funds accruing from tleo sale of the old vdssels. Why they vwero'puroliased at all is also a mystery. Perhaps when Parlia. mint:meoets,;:the incidtnt nity ;!bh .'thi means of causing the late Ministerial head' of thl, letoriaiuarmy.and I navyto sulple muebt the vague information lie:vduollhhfod to a. Neovf Zeaalnd,mhudience while' ono 'a recent visit to that colony, and let usi into; the secret of the "great peril" through which we have sjuti-?sacbdrdilfsi'.gtd' Mr. Sargood-sticdissft?lly passed. 'l'ho name of the unknown recipietotli thel(C O giveny by the'Governinent for the iniforuptLion in connection with the aforesaid' daiigcr .ysq narrowly escaped; will thln also bhi .made, public.. At present there is in impressign albroad thit in some fashidon the late Colonel Sargood has been the victim of a hoax of the kind played off some time ago oni.the proprietor of' the 'Age newspaper. This gentleman, however,,did not pay £500' for the pleasure of. being.fooled. The cost to Mr. Syme wasi the modest sum of .C25. '? pril 30.' 