IWORADJU7HrA BA.ZAA :0 o:---. (BY CHERRY Rtp-.) The bazaar and sale of gifts, in aid oi ?$, Church of England, was opened on Thrr.a h night in the Mechanics' Institute and o, a very successful affair. For some r past the small number of ladies who tke interest in the work have been verk hard, both with their hands and th persuasive eloquence to draw funds e goods from the shops they frequent, and friends they know. That they aey bh . successful was beyond question, for a Ina? interesting collection of eioice, umial articles has not been seenseen at any htl bazaar between Heorsham and the horder Being a guest of a lady stall holder, iat permitted to have a bird's eye view fronm th door before the general public entreL This view discovers a long stall rannn from door to stage, forming three loihl? stalls and stretching across the top. i it : right angles is another long one, the whI? forming the letter T. Ih the cornernear the stage is a stall displaying the Art Uni0a goods, and the corner behind the door ,i occupied with a refreshment stall, thrtr, extracts of china and Arabi. n products are dispensed, while a shooting gallery tills the other one behind the dooorL Aiter t above peep showing me the arrangemen: o stalls, I1 move forward to see tie oer? The vivacious looking younoe" 'd? ". politely requests me to buy th? .andsom1: velvet cushion with poonalh p:iuate1 dovae seems in no way disconceerted ,t my r-eply of "no funds," for it is so g... it ",te aV4: Then I as tried with a pretty ar?-enr. worked cosey, choice eenol?lh for ilr [e Loch, and I fall a victim at .".c and a iJi guineas Now my tormentor is jubilant her eyes sparkle and lier daiii ,rm rsee: togrow three inches as she brin l- :onrth fan', brackets, vases, purses and ,,:l:nacks - great numbers. However, a jc .us slit stallholder buttonholes me for , rlilead.i quickly leads me to her stall :ware I am among silk antimacassors, pre?y :ily eel with lace, clouds, hoocs, toys, ald a pretty cushion in claret satin worked with arlI isc flowers, but I am too wise to yie ' to m vaic tormentors, and too proudtoosvn that? nu sillergone. So, promnisingto attend the other evenings with plenty of money, I more u: Continuing my ramble I see a ,ineer Sewing Machine on stand and some usefd glassware, woollen goods, toys, puzzles ,e. Going down the other side, the Art Cni?n stand was decidedly attractive with itschaste tea and coffee set, dinner service, marble clock and other prizes. Ticket holders, ecy self among the number, wishing we' miCit have our chance now and then go homse. Looking down the length of the hall I was able to notice the handsome goods on the stalls as well as watch the fac s of both buy. ers and sellers. By mutual agreement the ladies made the stalls equally valual?e. Excellent taste is shoswa here, as on the stalls just passed. Nice electroplated re volving cruet as well as fancy articles seet very good from my view point A cushion in crimson plush with white centre painted with poonah flowers, and another with green plush back has a pheasant worked in gold and silver thread on a satin ground Lamps, wheelbarrows (children's), plales (terra cotta), sea weed, prettily arrangel, cricketing mgods and innumerable artiles made an interesting display. At intervu vocal and instrumental music wus a pleasing change, the pianists being Mrs Forbes (the worthy incumbent's rifde. Ms Kruger, Miss Magill, and Miss Ange 1. OnFriday nightthegreatattractionsas the Art Union drawing, which took place under the superintendence of Messrs Lawson. I10, and J. Symons. The method adopted er not the shortest, but it kept up the ctrite' ment till the last, for one prize remainelis the jug when only five tickets hadtohedraca The prizes were w. 11 distributed, the tea service going to Miss H. Magill, the clock fn Horsham, the desk to Natimuk, and thr dinner set to Balmoral. T'Ie, winning n?u. bersare 17, 535, 325, 581, 12(, 311, and .Mt Excelleut recitations were given by Mr McComas, of Natimuk, and Toutcher vi Noradjuha, and songs by Messrs Fryeanl Roche. The stall holders had so many goodfeh reserve that on Saturday night the stalls seemed as full as ever. The'Court limntrch under the leadership of air Glenite'r, kept the large attendance hin rui of laughter, and so contrilated in no small measure to the success of the evreing The programme was-" Johanas M1aguie,' Mr. Alf. Cuming ; "Jack's Come HloUe, Mr. M1. Williams; '" Mary Atn," (comic! Mr. Glenister; " Only to see her face,".' . Swindells; Golden Shoe dance, Jir. tle·ie ter; "The Ghost," Mr. Williams; "Lr board Watch," Messrs. Comfdort tll Glenister ; Miss Knight ably nating y accompanist. About eleren o'clock tr Kruger and Mr Symons opened out n auctioneering line, but Messrs Young aot Clark need not fear exlinction. M-r. Kruger shortly before muidniMg tendered the best thanks of mintler a?d committee to the donors of gifte, Cedt Minstrels, lady stallholders and thlt assistants--Misses Lawson, Symons, tih. (2), Bell, and Mesdames Forbest, Kre'r, Hill, Hassall, Cunningham, and LOveday. 