Wit^ tí É» ¡ Misa Eroseleaf (who is trying to force a conversation) : " What do you suppose, Mr. Van Noodle, makes our hostess' receptions 60 invariably stupid i" Mr. Van Noodle : " Aw, weaily, I haven't a ghost of an ideaw" Miss B. : " And all the other gentlemen are very muoh like you. Yes, that must be the reason." A young married man gazed at his mother in-law's two trunks in the hall, and sadly re- marked .- " She has brought her olotb.es to a visit ; would that she had brought her visit toa close." Herr Kreutzhuber is a member of the secret police. Being on his way home after midnight he observes on the street lamp a placard : " Ha ! these scoundrels of Socialists have posted a placard denouncing his Ma- jesty" said Kreutzhuber to himself. Being determined to destroy the placard he pain- fully climps up the lamp poBt, and having secured the treasonable document he reads : " Fresh Paint." An irascible Indian coloael declared, at a game of whist, that he had never held a trump in his life. " That is impossible," re- marked a young man, " you must have held a trump when you dealt." " Sir," replied the Indian, " I always misdealt." A young lady, whose very best young maa lived over-the-way with his parents, took a seat by the window one cloudy morning. " Why did you ait by the window such a chilly morning, Laura ?" asked her mother. " I'm waiting for the son to come out, ma," she replied. A new telephone instrument has been in- vented by which the crying of a baby may be heard at the distance of a hundred miles. The adaptability of the moon as a place of residence will now become a matter of su- preme imporUnou. At a musical «otros a lady, after executing an interminable piano solo, faints dead away. A gentleman, -with great promptitude, seizes a glass of water and administers a few drops to the lady, who revives. Then, with a com- passionate cry, " Now for the other sufferer," he pours the remainder of the water in the piano. Ancient maiden lady (47 years old and ugly, to young lady l8 years old and pretty) -" I hear yon are going to be married soon ?" ' Yes, next week." " Ah, dear me, sooner or later there will be hardly any of us gills left." Justice Walsh-How old are you ? "Witness (a lady)-Thirty. Justice Walsh-Thirty ? I have heard you give the same age in this court for the last threo years. Witness Yes. I am not one of those persons who say ono thing to-day and another to-morrow. The majority of fellows who attempt to make fun of a mother-in-law were never bleBsed with one. You can tell an ex-schoolmaster every timo. He always tries his chair with his hands be- fore sitting down, The man who carves is either a rascal or a fool. If he keeps tho best-the choice piece for himself he is a rascal ; if he doss not he is an ass. A little girl wanted to know of her mother if the piano-toner was not a doctor of music, " for," ehe added " he's doctored up our old piano a good many times." The five stages of brandy and water. First -brandy and water. Second--Branny and warwer. Third-Bran wart. Fourth-Brraor, Fifth-Collapse. " My little boy," said a gentleman, "you ought not to eat those green apples. They are not good for little boys." " They ain't, eh ? " the boy replied, with his mouth full. " You don't know much about 'em, mister. Threee of these apples '11 koop me out of sohool for a weak." He* e lies old Jones, Who all his life collooted bones, Till Death, that grim and bony spectre, * That all amassing- bone collector, Boned old Jones, to neat and tidy, That here he lies all bona fide. " Shall I Bing ' When the robina nest again,' darling Y" she asked with a sweet smile. " Yea, love, ho replied ; but allow me to call attention to the fact that the robins won't nest again for three months." She did not Bing, and he doesn't go thore any more. Last week, during a conversation at one of the publichouses in the Big Market, one milkman asked another the following question -" Hoo much wettor dish' thoo put am&ng; the milk r" The reply was-" Aa niwer puts ony wetter in tho milk-ha put the milk in the wettor !" " You are accused of committing forgeries all over the country under the names of Scholz, Miller, Meyers, «to., and none of these names is your right name," said the judge to the prisoner. Prisoner-" Woy, judge, you do not suppose that I would allow my own honest name to be used in connec- tion with such swindling transactions, do you ?" 