OUR LONDON LADY'S LETTER. LONDON, 6th March. Her Majesty, on the occasion of her visit to AlhertHaU to hear Mors et Vita, only remained two nights at Buckingham Palace, and there was a dinner party each evening. The electric light, introduced in the ballroom of the palace about two years ago, has now been extended to tho principal hall and grand staircase. May this not portend that tho palace is to bo utilised ior some ceremonials, ana that tho darkness that has so long roignod thoro by tho ab- sencoof tho Queen and Court is to bo changed into brightness and gaioty. Tho Princess Beat rice, for whom rooms in tho Palaco have been arranged, may bo going to offect this pleasant change by a sojourn from time to time in Lon don, for sinco hor marriago sho is somewhat independent of tho Queen's movements. The Duke and Ducho33 of'Connaught may go to Buckingham Palaco to remain sovcral weeks after Easter. The Princoss Beatrice and Prince Henry of Battenborg aro availing themselves of their recent visits to London to visit tho theatres, and tho " Queen has ' signified her intention of attending Mrs. Langtry's perform ance of Enemies, hut whether in London or at Windsor is yot to bo determined. Parliament will bo relieved, and Mr. Labouchero mado happy by tho fact that no vote iB to bo oskod in payment (or part payment) of Princess Beatrice's wedding expenses, tho queen having settled everything herself out of her civil list. Tho total cost was about £5000, for, although thero was no stato ceremony, tho trans portation of all tho things from Windsor Castio nnd Buckingham Palace to Osborno could only be made at a heavy ex penditure, but it was her Majesty's pleasure that tho marriago should ho celebrated in tho little country church by tbo sea. As reforms of various descriptions are being agitated overywhero, it has been suggested that the Queen would do a sensiblo thing in changing the . absurd custom of elderly gentlemen walking backwards in her august presence, as was . dono at tho Albert Hall on her recent visit. Thoso gentlemen in waiting were on that occasion well advanced in years, and had but littlo of tho spriug of elasticity in their frames, nnd l am rathor inclined to think that rheumatism A la mode may havo fastened upon their knee caps. If so, thoy had an extraordinary oscapo on tho stocp - staircase leading from tho great porch to the royol re tiring rooms at tlio Albert Hall. If life ho a treasure, why not preserve it as long as possible, and why may not hor Majesty's approach ho glorified by somo other feat than by old men risking thoir lives or their limb3 after the fashion of skilled acrobats ?- Iu this progressive - ago it should bo the " first foot foremost," "and ; not a backward slide." ' '' Tho Frinco of Wales, in tho midst of- his gaieties at Cannes, has done faithful honor 'to the membrjr of his lamented brother; the Duke of Albany.' Ho has lajd tho first stone of tho - chapel, which is to be ercctekl id comhiomora-- - tion of tho Royal Prince, whoso' sudden' death' away from home and family will' always be d' i sad association in tho minds of the inhabitants and visitors at Cannes. The solt southern breeze bearing the odour of flowers, ;which < was sought after by tho delicate Prince, must evor breathe a loving requiem ' to tho departed. The littlo. church" will bo' constructed in the' Anglo-Qothio style, .on ' tho south side of tho Colline de Calif otim, ; named after tho golden state of the North" -r Pacific. . His Royal Highness arrived at 'tho ' seone of tho ceremony at three o'clock, having " on his arm tho Grand Dnohess of Mecklenburg, ' and was followed by Frinco George of Wales : and the principal members of tlio English colony. The Bishop of Gibraltar performed tho religious ceremony, with tlio assistance of ten clergymen of the English Church.' i A choir of ' ladies sang several ' hymns, and at tho close of > tho sad musio the prince deposited in tho cavity hewn in tho foundation stone, a bottle containing' a .parchment, upon which wero ' inscribod tho namos'of the coinmittoo who had organised .tho'momorial, and which was scaled with' the armVof 'his Royal' Higltiioss.- At tho ... . conclusion' of tho prayorsi by tiio "clergy, tboj ' stone was lowered, at ivhioh moment the Prince i pronounced' in' Audiblo' tones tho following r words Thus; thus ana thus I lay this stono . in the name of the Fatlior, and of tho Son and a of tho Holy Ghost, and may God prosper tbo' :. work. Amen. Hora let true faith, tho fear of God and brothorly love over remain." Tho foundation stone bears this inscription"!—1 " To-iW tho glory of God, and in loving memory of Leo pold, Duko of Albany; this stono was- laid by Albert. Edward ..Princo of . Wale3, A.D. , MDCCCLXXXVI." Whilst this memorial tribute of rospoot was boing paid to tho lato Duko ol Albany Ida widow was visiting hor sister the Queen of Holland. Tho Duuhess has since left tho Haguo for Bouthoim, and during hoi sojourn in Holland among hor royal relatives, she leaves tbo littlo Princess Alico and the infant Duko of' Albany under tho caro of the Queon at Windsor. Cannes is still keeping np its gay reputation, and his Royal Higlmesa'f visit has bad much to do with the influx ol visitors. Tho Princo and Princo Georgo, who, as many Molbouruo young ladios may recol lect, is vory fond of dancing, onjoyod Lord Cairns's ball at tho Bollo Yne, and they remained to the cotillon. Miss Grant, tho Jiaucie of Lord Cairns, in whose honor tho ball was givon, was tho personifica tion of radiant beauty, in a very simple white toilette. The most observed dresses wero worn by the Grand Duchooaof Mccklenburg-Sehwe. lin, the Baches of Westminster and the Prin cess of Sagan. Miss Grant is said to be a rela- tiTO of Captain P. Green (or Pea Green as niok- named) tho husband of 'the Marchioness of Camden. The Prince and Prince George at tended another ball at Cannes, in aid of the Bodies' Home, which proved most success ful Tho Crown Prince of Portugal, tho Duke of Brag&nza;, and hie Jianeit , Princess Amolie, with her father, Comtedo Paris, have also visited PnnnAft Their wedding will bo celebrated in the Portugese Ajuda Palace, which is situated on tho right bank of the Tagus, and commands a fine viow of the beautiful Lisbon harbor Tho prince of Wales was so desirous to see "Sappho," that vexed question of propriety, the performance of which has been denied to him and the Londoners, that ho rotolved to Btop in Paris tiifwtc from London to Cannes just long Enough to go to tho " Gymnase." There is a report that his Royal Highness, although seem ingly in good health, suffers occasionally from dyspepsia, and his physician, Sir Andrew Clarke, has placed him upon a regimen which hefollows oftcner perhaps than he feels disposed, viz.: " A hunk of stale bread, and tho lean por tion of a mutton chop." This may account for a slight visible reduction of tho adiposo matter that was fast gaining upon tho Prince's figure. The Princess of Wales's style of beauty and dress is sometimes ridiculously aped. At Tor quay last week, when Her Royal Higbness's arrival was looked for, among tho number assembled to seo her aligbt was ono woman with three daughters, whom she persists in declaring aro counterparts of the young prin cesses, and by soxno means she manages to dress them as well as herself after the style of this portion of the Royal Family. Tbo imita tion by female vulgarian of tbo Princess of Wales's usual mode of dressing was strikingly true if not grotesque, viz, " tbo curly front hair, close bonnet, big bow under tho chin, and well fitting tailor made dress." Another woman, the wife of a city stockbroker hero, who is known to lose no opportunity to follow tho Princess whenever a chance affords itself— I suppose she spends half her time reading news papers, to learn when her Royal Highness can be seen — actually carries with her on thoso fas cinating occasions a u quick wilted seamstress" to glance at the bonnets, dresses, mantles and coiffures and to copy the styles. Sbo besides purchases every new photograph for further aid in her expensive whim, and so remarked is ehe by her emulation of royalty, which after all is the sinccrcst form of flattery, that she has become a perfect laughing Btock. The magnificent bracelet, valued at 700 guineas, presented to the Princess of Wales as a memento of tho opening of the Mersey tunnel, is very quaint and novel in pattern, and is the snore appreciated by her for tho reason that she was usable through illness to bo present at tbo ceremony. The front of the jewel gives a clover representation of a section of tho tunnel. " Tho arch (surmounted by iho Princess's coronet) is formed by a circle of brilliants, the entrance is Of black enamel, and a fine diamond illustrates the lino of perspective The open gold jband is interwoven with a brief inscription, pud on either side of the central ornament ap pears tho monogram of hiB Royal Highness." jAn address in flowery languago, expressing regret at her illne68 accompanied tho gift. Since tho departure of tbo Duke of Edin burgh for the Mediterranean the Marquis of torne has come to the front as a patron of tarasia He invited a distinguished company a few evenings sinco to hear the vocation. Tiiis fs an instrument so much like tho harmonium that some persona believe it is the vory thing itsolf with a new name, but inasmuoh as it this new namo it has won a notoriety. A certain clique have sounded its praises, and ijne fact in its favor ia that it has peculiar qualities for accompanying the voice. Madame j&lbani; very unexpectedly added to the enjoyment pf the entertainment by singing two songs. The ladies present were magnificently arrayed, and the Princess Loui6e seemed most appreciative Of her husband's interest in tho vocation. The Duchess of Edinburgh is to occupy the Ban Antonia Palace, at Malta, during a portion pf the time that tho Duke will be in command of the Mediterranean squadron, but previous to W, taking up her residence in tho island, she will go toCoburg with her children, and expects to remain in Germany for about six months. The Duko carried out on his ship an immense quantity of furniture, together with china, plate and linen, aud five horses and three car riages. Tho Emperor William of Germany, the won derful old man of nearly SO years, is battling hard against tho insidious enemy old age, and although bo totters along, his voice areak, and his once powerful frame wasting ftway ho still shows that he is determined to dio In harness. Ono day there is published a bulletin about his failing health, and the next (ie is recorded as having attended a State ball Unluckily, at the last ball, when ho was lead- ng tho Crown Princess to her seat after supper (still gallant enough to Btcp back to make way for the couple following on), hia spurs caught in the heavy carpet and he stumbled and fell He was immediately lifted up, and the accident seems to havo bad no serious or lasting effect. 