caulfield training notes- Tuesday. The weather was very p'enaant on Tuesday morning for work, and there was a good attendance on the course. Trainers commenced business early, and the work wus soon got through, Curmrron and Louisa Ikrtn raiin sharp 4 furlongs. Lady Ashton was striding along on the tan at n good serviceable pace. Newmarket was sent a strong round oa the grass, tiasbunicr, who is on tho improving side, escorting him homo the last 0 fur longs, the son of Ncwmlnster finishing a satisfactory working gallop. Hohcinlan, after doing a couple of tdowiurnson thu tun, whs joined by i'ougnUton, tho pair finishing u strong round, the son of Mmibvrnong und Nina going strong nnd well. Beckwith was strid ing along on the sand, while the slippery Kcmn th wax going bow phcu exercise ou thu tan. Mast.r John cantered and spirted. Ihmiile tad and Eugenie started from tho tnlic ou tlio course proper, and ran a fast circle, the hurdlo t ttccr having his companion iu trouble at the llnibh. Wurfluldruu from thu mile to thu half mi'o Ambassudicsa moved over 5 -furlongs In good »tylu. Koh'ai, a new arrival hero, was striding along on the hut.. Ague wns doing from half lo medium jacu exercise Deiumin, looking thu picture of health, brushed a tmg ou thu tan. Ail eyes were fixed ns tho Cnuifield Cm hero. Dun Bolr, approached with Guy In the j-nddb. It was thought that he vas going to go a go. d strong gallop, but spectators were disappointed, ns tho son of Nuwbold waa allotted two turns on tho course proper, tho last bjiug nt a good shorn canter, tt ctitcrii and the Sussex horsy, both useful looking, were despatched for n serviceable mile. Whitebait (late Defroudcr), who Is engaged in the Derby, run a useful mile. This colt will Improve. Sllvurmine nnd Leiitillty worked lit company, tlio pair doing good use ful work on the grass. 1 lie Loafer and (ieraldino strode along for n mite. Highland t Id-. f was extended over a uille for good strong work. This horse irllects credit on his trulnor. The 2-ycar-old Lord Allen, who Is one of the best looking colu here, spirted ; he will be heard of before the reason c'oses. bridegroom aud Lmulo wero separately treated to a spin over a mile. Havclock went good sound work on the tan. The brothers Little John and Jim Cain, both looking as well as luimlh "could make thera. wctodofngusefuiwork on the grass; thu general opinion hero h lime thu latter would havo run a great liors.- In the Caultloid Cup bar the accident. Sirocco, with neck swottcr on, was ruining over the mud. bonnlo Doon worked on the grass. Goodwood was given 3 miles ou tlio tan at a useful pace. A rather nice looking colt by Lapidlst In Moran a atab.c was doing long Blow work on tho rand. Albunus und Berkley left 6 or 8 furlongs behind them hi good style. Alexandria and Carnival ran a fust 11 miles, while Costus it rode homo from tho mile ou tho courso proper.- Isabel ran 4 furlongs smartly Nectarine and her stable comjwnlon, Julian Grey brushed over 4 furlongs. Uncas pottered about Meer- acliatmi .was extended on. thu sand. Camerlno. Davstar and -Dexter worked on tho grass, tho last namou pair working tho reverse way. Mustang went nice steady exercise, as did Clarendon, St. Albert. Young Horatio nud Maori Chief after lircaktast Lady Lorcll nnd Glcntwortli were despatched for a spin over 4 furlongi which was accomplished in fair tlino. both finlshlug E«!f r w.,CiIR0 n,,a Pu,lhf?! Wero -trlUInp nloug on !. ti.? !! !" was aunt long usef 1 work ou the I?' boblnson Crusoe— Dagmar coir. Golden \- ? others wir© given Blow puce exercise. Fusco a« a Lnlon Jack were doing walking exercise. Tho h4CH ho ftr? e»Knged at Moonro Valley \ " ,Wcnt aooU 'I lie various tracks 1 bcio awl tu Letter going order aud Uio uvw scraping sheds, which were spoken of some time buck dp,. 1 Sm! y 8tmtCd WlllL TlK'y wm a «« bin 1 hero wns a sharp wind Mowing on Tlmvsilly SmL J ork coinmenccdaboutthe usual time. Owing to J J .' day 3 heavy downpour, the courso intiriot- wns clo.m) that tho Uu;i horses woro compelled to work ou ihc sand and tan tracks, winch wero rather heavv tj„, jumpers, Union and Lady Ashton. were tho tint start proceedings, the pair hchtg treated to a coopto of s iotiK turns on the tnn. 'Jho Loafer and KiLL" were houndini; alone for Kood work, tlte former niK nice and free. Kcwmnstcr, after putting ht some slow pace exercise, was joined Ly Gnsuumer, tlio nilr nr compllslting a round on the sand In good time sure," initio, accompanied by Faithful, Unbilled a useful wor'- lng gallop, tho Cup horse going well. Koltal war given an extender over 6 furlongs on tho fan t the black aon of Manuka going especially well. Clarendon and it Albert left two circles oil the tan behind them at a strong working pace. Young lloratlo was strid.ng along for iiietnl work. Goodwood and Dclainla wotked togobcr; tho latter looks well Tue Waive cantered, winding up with a brush over j inrlongs. Harelock put In it couple of turns on lite tan tvhllo his stable companion i. Ellington nnd Toronto' were allotted a cotip.c of rounds tho pair Ouljltlre strong. Ulondln nnd Highland Chief were moviti nloug on Ihc tan. The 2-year-old Lord Allen and Agues were dolnr alow ; acc exercise. Pocahontas was given an cxienoer on tho tan, Townley, In the same stable, occupying tho send for n circle ortwo. Unite, J- ston, who Is looking wed, w,nt good, substantial cse-. else, In company wit la F.plcurian. ll. rklvv and Cad- 'and were spirting, Albunus, Footman nn'i First Pen being treated to a pipe opener. Tlte 2-ycar-olds Julian Gray, Ncctaritto aim Carnival were spirting over 3 and 4 furlongs. Little John una Ills stnblu friend, Jim Cain, finished two useful rounds on tho tan In a very workmanlike manner, lite former, who Is greatly fancied for tho Cup, g dog In his usual luzv s:yk' Walter, Victor, Gicctilus Ksuriu«, Mormon Jack, wing of the West; and lltu colt by lliimlet, wero working ut Interrnts. Pltutbe Walton, Alexandria and Isabel were treated lo nice pace exercise ou the sand. Ben Bolt pus Iu three turns, the last being at a good working pace. Cricket und -Patience circlod three rounds on the tan, the last nt a good, useful working gallop. Uiuhcrio brushed along for good work. Daystar, Camcrhil, Meerschaum and Dexter were separately treated to strong exercise on the sand nnd tan ; the lortncr is on tho improving side. Tho Bohemian went serviceable work. The Metropolitan winner is In raro fettle at pre sent. Thu Ghost, after wurklug yesterday, aud while being dried, lashed out with both lteela against tlte lrutt fence and cut tils fet.oca a bit. 