LECTURE VIII. Memoirs continued-Mr. S*&*B#T*b is called to the Bar-Goes the Circuit v The Character of Mr. Joseph Ferret; a County Attorney-Subject resumed-? Instructions in the Art of special pleading- Messrs. John ;Doe and Richard Eoe-Conclusion of the first Book. Thus in my saddle I was seated. Ere scarce one Lustrum was completed. But when my Mental Powers I weig'd, My figure and my mien survey'd,' .m ' i . i A bold Causidiual appearance,! Strong nerves, strong parts, ^nd perse verance, - . Far nobler views inspir'd my mind, It seem'd that nature had combin'd " An eye to threaten and command," And brows no mortal could withstand,' With lungs of iEolus andStentor, y For BOme great purpose peradventurp. *.? . There is, I cried, (and dropp'd my Pen,) " A tide in tho affairs of men," i Which leads to fame and fortune those, 'Who take it while the current flows : There is, ye Gods, there is a Crisis ! ?. I'll seize it, whatsoe'er the price is : v * Prozer was dead, and Sergeant Q.uirkit Grew husky, and had left the Circuit, And as for Shark's friend Shovolnose, We long had deem'd him meat for crows : . I scorn'd in this dull scene to tarry, ' Essay'd at once a loftier Quarry, /At once indulg'd my fav'rite bias, v And stamp'd my fame as Nisi Prius : So now I take my brace of nags, ' /My Note-book, Clerk, and Saddle-bags, ? And saunt'ring gently on my Journey, Look out for'some good rich Attorney;: Onethat'saJudgeof parts^and me'-It*" i- Such as that choice discerning spirit, . ..^My worthy little friend Joe Ferret, c'tThpfc honest, free, good-natured Soul, Who stands sa hightupon theRoll, .WSr { i , " i j ? | And nils with such eclat and grace, That pretty comfortable place, ffe,gain'd,by Government Connexions, . And prudent conduct at Elections, By making Ministerial bounty Pass for his own throughout the County . A friend to all who are oppres&'d, And feok by Law to be redress'd, .' One that abhors all compositions, All mean Refcraxits, and submission*, . Scorns Arbitrations as a stain ? To ninoth and tenth of William's Reign, . Acts, which he deems mislead his Clients: ,'J Cramp Genius; and degrade his Science ; ? But when the sparks of discord rise, Should Parties wish to compromise, 'My little friend provokes the flame, ' Encourages and spreads the same, . v And with such zeal and judgment blows 1 Thecoals of strife 'twixt friends and foes, He ne'er can fail at'size oc session, Of growing warm by his Profession; iHis Garden's neat, the Messuage: good, The best in all the neighbourhood, "With door Chinese the front is grac'd, His wiudows are of Gothic taste, The which, to me, though all the Village . , Conceive they're got by fraud and pillage, And both th' Exciseman and the Hector Despise his taste in architecture, To me, -whose taste is lesstefin'd, And more to social joys inclin'd, If chance my penetrating eye His glitt'ring neat buffet descry, A goodly symptom ! and behold His well-scour'd knocker shine like Gold Look all so pretty and inviting, I make no scruple of alighting. At said Attorney's fix my quarters, Flatter and flirt with all his daughters, With Kitty Ferret dance Cotillions While you, ye worthy rum Civilians, Ye sober persevering Stagers, - Hammer your minors and your majors, i And lapt in smoke, and vapours dank, i Pore over Linivood and Lanfranc. r . But soft awhile, methinks, dear Job, i Oar Brethren of tbe Scarlet Robo, Lull'd by the music of my numbers, Seem to resume their wonted Slumbers; ? Good Mercury, with caution tread, . And Morpheus wave thy Waud of Lead; i While they enjoy their meditations, [ We 'scape their Excommunications. I Meanwhile do tliou. the Tale declare, | Meet weapons of offence prepare, ' Open your budget of Resources, Muster your powers, collect your forces, The Truth, and all the Trutb, discover; And add such flourishes moreover, I Such aggravation, and additions, Embellishments, and repetitions, > As Touthful Fancy oft begets j On some young Special Pleader's wits, Which, servo like notes of Commentators, Or speeches of confus'd Debaters, To puzzle e'en by Explanation, And darken by Elucidation, For puzzling oft becomes your duty, And makes Obscurity a beauty; And trust me,'tis of wond'rous use By Nonsense to improve Abuse, As I, thank Heaven, so oft have done. And worthily my race have run. Then let us pray for writ of Pone, John Doe and Richard Hoe bis Crony, Good men and true, who never fail The needy and distress'd to bail, Direct unseen the dire dispute, And pledge their names in ev'ry suit Sure 'tis not all a vain delusion, Romance, and fable Rosicrushn, That Spirits do exist without, Haunt us, and watch our whereabout; Witness, ye visionary pair, Ye floating forms that, light as air, Dwell in some Special Pleader's brain j Am I dcceiv'd; or are ye twain. The restless and perturbed Sprites, , The name of departed Knights, . Erst of the Post; whose frauds and lies, Ealse Pleas, false Oaths, and Alibis, Rais'd ye in Life above your Peers, AndLaunch'd ye tow'rds thesterry Spheres,' Then to those mansions, " unanneal'd," Where unrepented sins are seal'd: Say, wherefore in your days of flesh Cut off, while yet your sins were fresh, Ye visit thus the realms of Day, Shaking with fear our frames of Clay, Still dr-om'd in penal Ink to linger, \- And hover round a Pleader's finger, Or on a Writ impal'd, and wedg'd, * Aid and abett the purpos'J ill, ;? And works of Enmity fulfil, Still doom'd to hitch in Declaration, And drive your ancient Occupation ? . While thus to you I raise my Voice, . ? ? Methinks I see the Ghosts rejoice ? Of Lawyers erst in Fiction bold, Levinz and Lutwycbe, Pleaders old, ' With Writs and Entries round him spread, : . See plodding Saunders rears his head, ?: Lo ! Ventris wakes! before mine eyes .Brown Lilly, and Bobun arise! Eacli in his Parchment shroud appears, Some with their Quills behind their ears, Hourish their velvet Caps on high. Some wave their qrizzel wigs, and cry Hail bappy Pair! the Glory and the Boast The Strength and Bulwark of tbe legae Host, - Like Saul and Johatban in Friendship tried, Pleasant ye lived, and undivided died! I While Pillories shall yawn, where erst y I stood, i And brav'd the torrent: of overwhelming i mud, * While gaming Peers, aud Dames of noble Race, Shall strive lo merit that exalted Place; While righteous Scriv.'ners, who when Sunday Shines, Pore o'er their Bills, and turn their noughts to nines, (Their unpaid Bills, which long have learn'd to grow ? Easter than Poplars on the Banks of Po,) Freely shall lend their charitable aid, . To young professors of the gambling trade.; , .While Writs shall last, and Usury , shall thrive. Your name, your honour, and your praise^ shall live: Jailors shall smile, and with Bumbailiffs ra:«e Their iron voices to.record your Praise, Whom Law united, nor the grave can sever; " All hail John Doe, and Richard Roe, for ever." VAMABLK DISCOVKRY FOB THE "HAIK.-Is I your hair is turning grey or white, cr falling off, use "The Mexican Hair Renewer,2' for it; will positively restore in every case Grey or White hair, to its original ? colour, without leaving the disagreeable' smell of most " Restorers; " It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting, the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your < Chemist,fpr*."THE'MEXICAN HAIK RENEWKR,' old by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. Cd. per bottle. Wholesale depot i Farringdon-road. London. . 