THE COURTING OF MARY SMITH. By F. W, ROBINSON, Author of 'Grandmother's Money,' ' Anne Judge, -Spinster,' '* Little Kate Kirby,'' ' The Black Speck,' ' Lazarus in London,' [Published J-y special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK m.— IN THE GEE AT CITY. CHAriEE XVII.— The JTctixest Expi&natkw.; There was no suspicion of foul play as re garded the -death of poor Verity. It was all 'dear and aboveboaid' in everybody^ mind save a distrustful father's; and the mere fact of Verity's assuming the name of Dodsonwas not particularly remarkable. The doctor, a shrewd local practitioner, 'made the fact very clear that Verity's mind had been giving way rapidly, and that with its final collapse she had succumbed too. Disappointment and much mortification of spirit- had ship wrecked her— she had been restless and unhappy, that was all, they Baid. And that was enough for poor stage-struck, romantic Verity — it had all helped to bewilder her and break her heart. She had not run -away with the play-actor, it appeared upon the surface— 4here was no proof of that; and at all* vents he had not been seen in her company, or been known to call upon her in the strange lodgings which she had. not chosen for herself, but which a person of 'the name of Dodson had called and engaged for her. There was no' moref or Mr. Lovett to do, save to take' the doctor's word and the doctor's certificate, andirary and forget poor Verity, as soon as it was convenient. Her tragedy was finished in. one act; it had Deen so pitiable a little life—it was altogether sosad a feature in itself. Mr. Jonathan Lovett was quite himself the next morning'; his recuperative powers were' something remarkable. One could not imagine he had been so nearly overwhelmed last night — shakentb his heart's core by the sudden and ewift announcement .that his daughter was dis : covered, and was no longer part of this unsatis : factory world. ; . '' Hefcad seen the doctor last night, and then. : he' had gone' straight to his room in the hotel, leaving Mary Smith to break the news to Mrs. Dalrympley and to hear much demonstrative wailing and self reproach from that lady be ifore she allowed herself to be fairly ?composed. Bnt 'in the morning Jonathan Lovett looked very much like thesame individual we had the . pleasure of first meeting at Scarletpool— the : same severe, iron- jawed man, although a trifle blacker under 'the eyes, and without the ghost ~ of a smile in him, and'all his sense of humor utterly quenched, and all Bis greater jense of his own' importance in .the world very much subdued. —- .VerityTBrasdead,andhe was sorry-r-bfltterly sorry— for thefharehehadhad in drivingher from iher home tothat sea of 'troubles beyond it where in she had beMi completely submerged. .But, ?being dead, it was all over and done Tyith for a iwhOe^Hall the anxiety and fear and horror of it. To l-nry . her— the burial of his daughter— was the next step, and that must be accomplished in Lancashire, and from his castle at Keceleson, ?as befitted' his ? position^-and'herE^-in the worlfl. Poor Verity '.she would toe glad /to He by the side -of the ?mothe'r in the great family vault that bad been built in Keccleson church yaid, hethonght, Mr. Lovett was' very busy that next day ; he did not aikmnch advice of Mary Smith'; he was-asbamed of 'bis owndisplay of ''nerves' last night, and'was anxious to show he had thrown off' his fears and doubts, and had screwed Ills courageto the sticking-place. He went to' Waterlbo^bridge^road and looked witli grave face and sad,- wondering eyes at his daughter, and . he walked downstairs . again without the aid of anybody's arm. ? He arranged every thing— he acted with all his old-energy. ' When ? he came back to the hotel it was to announce that he intended to - leave for Lancashire that evening, to take Verity home with him. He ordered his bill to be made out; he talked with the coachman about the carriage and. horses, as though 'they were items of importance to be considered, and very much oh his mind; and he sent a tele grsm to Keccleson to draw all the blinds down* at Castle Lovett. He thought also, as a mark of xeEpeet to him, and in consideration of the bigbUl te shotild have to pay before he left, that the hotel people might have drawn all the blinds down in the hotel that Sunday ; but the manager did not seem to see it.. ' I cannot askyou to return, to Castle Lovett under these ead circumstances, Miss Smith, and I should not like you at the funeral — I hate women at funerals,' he said ; 'and very likelyi'.tie added drily, 'under any circum stances, you would not come.' Mary Smith hesitated. *' If Mrs. Dalrymple ? ' she begun. 'Oh! leave Mjs. Dalrymple to herself,' he interrupted ; ' she- must learn to live without you, . just— as I shall. It is all over — is it not?'. ''Yes, Our 'business relations are at an end,' assented Mary Smith. 'You will go back to your father and make his home-bright, and 1 will go back to Castle Lovett, and there's an end of it all/' he said. ' ' I made that 'remark before, I believe 2' 'Yes.' 'Unless— but I have no more to say, not a word more, .and at this time too,' he said dolefully. 'You will take Mr. Chinery's child to South Lambeth?' 'Certainly.' 'A quaint child, of whom I should have liked to see more, although hardly a lovable child. Too-'eharp and too old,' he Baid. ' Oh! there's one thing I must remind you of, Miss Smith;' ''What is that1?' 'NSTtiuT'oldi pf omises— three 'of them.' 'Thave not forgotten them.57 ''I am glad of that, for they may be very .important. - That is all I want to say at pre sent,1' -he- returned. 'Before we say good- j bye I may think of something else. lam] sure,' he added, ' there was something which ' I-* particularly wanted to -speak about, but I cannot call it to mind 'now. I am still a trifle confused:: Well I may be.' j ** Was it anything concerning Verity ?' I 'Perhaps it was — I don't recollect,' he answered. 'All is a mystery there; but I have been round to Scotland Yard and. to all the private enquiry offices this morning again, and having given them a cine to work upon perhaps they will find out for themselves the ' remainder of the story.' But the story was to be related to him by other lips, and so far as the narrator was ac quainted with it. I Early on that Sunday afternoon a card was ' cent up to him on which was engraven the name of Mrs. Florence Craven, and under neath it, in pencil, was expressed a wish to see both Mr. Lovett and Mary. Smith. Our heroine was on the alert at once; she turned to Mrs. Dalrymple, who had been in formed of the incidents of the preceding night, and said — _ 'Yon will not let Dids come down. If you can keep her to your own room, it will save ns another painful scene.' . ' Yes. God bless my eoul ! we don't want any more scenes, goodnees knows,' and away hnrxied- Mrs. Dalrymple, after this declara tion. '.'''..' . ' * A few mmutes afterwards Mrs. Craven was nshei«d int*! the private'sitting^ootn of Jdna ; ' than 'Lbyetfe' 'She-canfie ''& Slowly1 and iier '? vensly' j *Be was dfesed in ntourainr^at J6f - i -xin0no£Btl,s perTiaps, : to Mir. ''Ijbi'etf s greit Ices; and her face, though very pallid, had still the two red spots burning upon her cheek bones — signs of suppressed excitement. The quick look round the room — the eager, anxious look — was touching' enough, however cue might distrust sj impuLive and deceitful a woman. ' I have come to explain before you go away,' she eaid at once, '? lest you should think too badly of me, and form a false estimate of me altogether. It has been my misfortune to be misunderstood through life. And that is a great misfortune always, sir.' She looked hard at Mr. Lovett, who repeated slowly — ' A great misfortune. Yes.' _ ' I inu6t apologise for intruding at such a time,' she said, an easy fluency of speech rapidly developing ; ' but I thought you would like to -know the facts of the case, so far as I am acquainted with them.' ' I should,' he said. ' You took me completely off my guard last night, Miss Smith,' she said, turning to our heroine ; ' I was bewildered and unnerved, and acted very foolishly. I own it. \ trust yon will accept my apology, and then I will en deavour to make my story clear, and if you will kindly listen to me for a few moments.' 'We shall be glad to know the truth,' said Mary Smith briefly. She placed a chair for Mrs. Craven, who said 'Thank you,' and sat down with a little sup pressed sigh. Could she act — was this a p irt she was piayiDg ? thought Mary Smith atonci. But she and Mr. Lovett waited patiently. Mrs. Craven took one black kid glove off and held the back of her hand towards Mr. Lovett for inspection. She was cooler and more unde monstrative, than she had been in her Water loo-Bi idge-road lodgings. 'Is that Miss Lovetf s ring,' she enquired 'No doubt of it,' answered the cotton spinner at once. ' I did not know the lady's name was Lovett; I thought it was Dodson — and therefore the in vectives launched at me last night, Mary,' slie said, softly, ' were very cruel and unju3t — and very hard upon me. On her dying bed, Miss Dcdson — I should say Miss Lovett now — begged me to accept this ring as a little return, she said, for all my kindness to her, my in terest in her, my deep sympathy witii her ill- * ness. It was her wish that I should keep it in remembranoe of her. She was a very grateful girl, and upon those poor attentions which it was in my power to bestow she set an exag gerated value.' . 'Very likely, ma'am,' said Mr. Lovett, looking somewhat puzzled. i! Elit you have only my word for all this, and as the rh:g is of considerable value, aad Miss Smith has charged Sie with being in pos session of it dishonestly, I feei it my duty to waive any claim to it that I may possess, and return it, sir, to you.' She drew it from her finger and placed it in Mr. Lovett's hand. ?'If you were kind to the lass — ' began Mr. Lovett; 'if she wished that you- should keep 'Under no circumstances could I take it back,' said Florence Craven, in a dignified manner; 'I am quite determined upon that. I should not know a happy moment again with that ring upon my finger.' ' Very well, then,' said Mr, Lovett, putting the ring into his pocket, and thus summarily ' settling the matter; 'I think you are right. And my poor child could not have known what she was doing to give this away. It belonged to her mother, and I was likely to prize it always.' Mrs. Craven turned red and looked a little discomfited.* What was in her mind it was not easy to guess. ' Tliat being settled, sir, let me explain that I am here to answer any question which you may may put to me, and which you think may ' help to clear up the mystery of your daughter's disappearance,' she Eaid. ' I do not profess to know much, but I will tell you very truthfully all that I do know. I have no object in dis guising, anything — I have been' perfectly straightforward through it all.' She glanced at Mary Smith for an instant— and a quick bird-like glance it was — as if she were curious to note the effect of her new manner upon her old friend; but- Mary Smith - was impassive, if attentive. Possibly remem bering the excitement of last night — all the falsehoods of last night— our heroine was very watchful as well as puzzled, although she did not show this in any way. After, all, the visitor was a woman who had been run to earth— who was one of the con spirator, surely, if there had been a conspiracy to keep Verity from her father — and who had had seen, with all the quickness of a woman naturally shrewd, that it wasiietter to make a clear statement of affairs before she was fore stalled, even before the -action of the police, by which she had been threatened, rendered any explanation .difficult. At all events she had shown some disinterestedness by. giving up the diamond ring. She was sure of that herself, ? for all her life she was passionately fond of diamonds. They were beautiful in them selves, and they were handy articles-of cur rency. 'I wish- to help you all I can— ih-every way in my power — to thjow a light upon the whole' sadbcsineES — trusting that you two — both of you — will help me a little in return,' she' said with more animation visible. 'I do not see-in what way we can be of help' to yon,' paid Jonathan Lovett -thoughtfully';' ' ' unless it is money ? ' 'Oh, siri-^don't mention money to me. I am not thinking of money,' she said quickly ; ?'that is a curse, not a blessing very often. It has been a curse to me. But 1 have a child, and- yon can smooth my way towards her. You need not make it so very, very hard for ine— not so very hard.' Florence Craven was always in earnest when her child was concerned ; there was* no acting then. Her color went and came, and her whole frame trembled with nervous suspense. Mr; Lovett looked from her to Mary Smith, who answered in his stead — ' Give me a little time to think of this. ' *' Oh ! I know what your thinking means,' she eaid, irritably, at once. 'Only last night you told me that I should never see her again.' ' Last night it is possible_ we both said- what we did not quite mean, in our excitement,' answered Mary Smith. ' I hope you did. I know I did,' answered Mis. Craven ; 'you wanted to frighten me, ? and yon succecde d. I could not - gaess what was coming next.' Mr. Lovett moved restlessly in 'his chair. ' Howdid you become acquainted with my daughter ?' he asked. ' Let us get to busi ness, please.' 'Mr. Dodson — an old friend — asked ine if I could find respectable apartments for his fcister, who was coming up from the country, and whom he could not accommodate,' he said. ' That is the simple explanation of jny first connection with this matter,' ''Mr. Dodson, you say?' 'Yes.' 'You are sure that is the^naTiie?' asked Jonathan Lovett. '.'Quite sure. Of course.' ' And he said my Verity was his sister.' '?Yes. And I'never had a doubt of the re lationship.' 'Where does this man live?' 'I don't know. He is never very long iu one place. He travels about the country a great deal.' ? ' Ib he — is he a gentleman ?' ' As gentlemen ran, perhaps,' she said, with a slirug of her shoulders;- *'I have always thought -him a bid of a cad myself,'' was the fiank criticism added. 'I thought -you said he was an old friend 2' 'So lie is— in a way,' she said; ''I knew him years ago, when Miss Smith and I were training for nurses at an institute. Why, you cannot forgotten him, Mary 2' she added, turning to our heroine. ' Is it— is it that Mr. Dodson 2' asked Mary Smith, with surprise. 'Yes.' 'It is strange!' said Mary thoughtfully. ?' There must be a reason for all this deceit.' 'I did not know he was deceiving ine,'' wa3 the reply. 'And how did you become acquainted with Jane Rebchain ?' asked our heroine. 'Mr. Deane asked me to take her as my ? maid, paid her wages for her, did all he could to save her from starving in London, where she had found him out, or where he had discovered her in great distress.' 'And- Mr. Deane knows Mr. DodEon?' asked Jonathan Lovett. ' To be sure he does,' replied Mrs: Craven. ' ' Didson -was one of the actors in that rubbish ing piece we saw last night. He played under the name of Ennerdate. Such play as it was ! He acts worse than Deane, the stage-struck idiot ! the fool '.' Mrs. Craven was free and outspoken in her ' remarks, and very quickly off her guard, de spite the natural cunning in her nature. She did not like Mr. Dodson, it was evident, though he was so old 'a friend.' 'There is a plot; and 'what it was leading up to, or why it b as ended in this miserable fashion, you might tell us if you would, I think,' said Mary Smith. ' I don't know what plot there could be,' she replied ; ' they did not take me into their confider.ee; but they did not mean any harm, I am positive.' 'What did Miss Lovett say to you ?' ' Oh, poor thing ! she talked a lot of ro dj antic nonsense, which I believed at first, till I saw that her head was altogether wrong.' 'Did she tell you she was going to be married to Foster Deane?' asked Mary Smith. 'See told me she was engaged to* him, the — poor girJ,' she added quickly — 'that she was prepared to wait f jr him all her life— in peace and retirement — until he was able to marry her.' 'Did she eaywhy she left home so sud denly?' asked Lovett. 'She was very reticent about her home never mentioning names or place. I used to ,; fancy she1 had been living -vith some rich, old i disagreeable aunt or other. She had not teen ; happy, she said. Everybody had Tjeen agiinst j her, aid tad tried 'to' eetr her against her lover, '? and so at lafitrehe rain away.' 'Did Mr. Deane know she was ill?' sug gested Mary Smith. 'Most likely,' was the reply; 'I sent a message to him by Mr. Dodson, who called one day ; but whether he forgot to deliver it, or j Mr*=-Deane was too full of his theatre, I can- : not say. Both suppositions are possible — for i both men are not as wise as they might be, as i they ought to be, to get on in sucn a stony- | hearted world as this is.' j ' ' Mr. Deane did not call— at any time, then Y' ' No,' she replied ; 'but then it was all so : eudden at the last. And when her mind gave way it was difficult to know what to do. Idid ; my best. Air. Dodson was kind enough in j bringing physicians and all that ; and I had no ( suspicion.' i 'You are a very unsuspicious woman, I should say,' was Mr. .Lovett's .dry remark. j ' 1 am,' she replied with alacrity. ' That's ? just it. I am prone to believe what people tell ! me. I don't think the worst of everybody. If I had done bo I should not have been the lonely woman I am now. But why should I have been suspicious, Mr. Lovett?' she enquired. ' Here was a brother taking a sister's part against an unfair opposition, and siding with his friend the actor. There was nothing very startling in that to me. I have seen so much of li'e — and of a more desperate life than this — and the whole matter did not interest me until t Jie poor girl fell ill. Then she seemed very much alone in the world— and I was a woman, not a brute 1J' She looked towards Mr. Lovett as if for thanks, after this oration ; a? if expectant tint he Vbuld be verydeeplyimpressed Dy her frank manner of imparting all tha iaforuiatioa witb. which she was acquainted ; but when slie had finished he sat stolidly regarding her. It was difficult to imagine in what way the effusive details had impressed him, he stared so hard at her after she had concluded and there was so little expression on his rugged features. Florence Craven did not feel that her visit had been a complete success ; there was an uneasy feeling at heart that these two still' regarded her with considerable distrust, and had not been stirred in any way by her plain recital of the facts. If the old man would only leave off that horrid objectionable stare, which seemed taking her in, fixiog her indelibly on his mind for future reference, she would feel more comfortable ; but he never took those big, round ugly eyes off her. ' I don't know whether you wish to ask me any more questions,' she said, a little restlessly, and after an embarrassing pause ; ' and I don't think I have anything more to tell you if you do. But,' turning the palms of her hands out wards, and giving another shrug to her shoulders as a Frenchvffcman miglit have done, ' my time is yours. I am cottipistely at your serTice.-' Sir. Lovett's eyes rolled from her to Mary Smith at last. ' ' Have you anything to say, Miss Smith*' he asked. 'It is hardly necessary,' was the reply; 'there ate one or two things occur to me, but I do not see the use of troubling Mrs. Craven with any more questions.' ' Oh ! pray let me have them !' was the off hand reply to this, and with an emphatic toss of her head; 'you must not say presently that I kept anything back— that I was not per fectly frank in all respects.' Mary Smith glanced at Mr. Lovett, who nodded and said — 'Yes. Goon.' 'Very well,' said Maty, a little wearily ; ' ' I might ask you why this could not have been all told ine last night when we were together in your room ? It would have seemed more natural then — I should have been disposed to believe every word of it, and Mr. Lovett and I would have ranked you as a friend. But you said nothing of a poor girl lying dead in the house — the girl of whom I was in search, and whose ring was on your finger. You denied that ring was Verity Lovett's ; I was altogether the victim of a delusion, and you and Jane Reb chain locked me in your room and fled away in great haste, and — at that time at least — in great fear.' 'You took me off my guard,' said Mrs. Craven, in a low voice, and wringing her hands together as if in tribulation of mind once more ; 'and for the moment I did not know what to ao. I have owned already that you frightened me. You spoke of the police —you said you had been in search- of me. I was wearing a ring which belonged to Miss JLovett ; and you had bewildered me about my child, my husband, iny awful life ; and — I had been drinking ! Yes, I own it. I must drink at times — I cannot keep the horrors at arm's length without drink— the doctor says I require stimulants, and he ought to know best. And j I had 'been upfet all day, and— andl.was half ' drunk. There ! a shameful acknowledgment, ! and from a woman j too! but will that do for' you ? Is that lowering enough ? Does it drag me in the dust enough for you ?' . j She was angry and excited now— disposed to quarrel, if there had been anybody to i quarrel with. She was one of the terrible army | of the uncontrollable, and life would never be j much better with her than it was— than it had ? been after she had grown sick of home and husband long ago — home and husband, aad , child even, thought she would not have con fessed to that. ' I don't think there is any use in prolonging the discussion,' said Mr. Lovett; ':I live at j Castle Lovett, Keccleson, Lancashire, if it ! should occur to you at any time, madam, that J you have forgotten to tell me anything.' j Mrs. Craven rose, regarding Mr. Lovett still . dubiously. 'I shall remember the address. You take j my little girl there, of course. If —if I might see her before she goes, .sir.' ' She remains in town with Miss Smith.' 'Oh! I did not know that— I will not dis tress her now, then — I will go.' And -she looked so relieved in mind that Mary Smith wished- Mr. Lovett had not told lier. She bowed to each. of her questioners in turn, and took her departure. Outside in the street two men were waiting for her, both with grave, anxious faces, as if the upshot of the interview had been of importance to them, too, and a matter of some doubt. One was . Foster Deane, and the second a smaller, thinner man, very dark and very, plain featured. The three turned down one of the ? side streets towards the Embankment, and went on talking very confidentially together. Chapter XVIII.— The Going Away. After tbe departure of Mrs. Craven that ' Sunday afternoon Jonathan LoveSt-and Miry Smith did not exchange many words together. The cotton spinner indulged in two or three little turns up- and down the room, pacing slowly its limits, and with his eyes directed to bis boots, as if extremely doubtful that he had got the light pair on. Presently he stopped ' and looked at Mary Smith. ' I don't believe a word that woman has said,' he remarked emphatically. 'Some truth — and 1 think, eoine fiction,'re- plied our heroine. r ' And neither mattering very much now,' he added. ''No. I hope not,' was the slow answer. ' I wanted to ask her,' continued Mr. Lovett, 'if she had seen anything of a russia lsather bag in Verity's room, or Rebchain's, or in anybody's ; but I thought it was useless. I am more likely to get the truth from Mrs. Dafldow.' 'Probably.' 'That skip-jack person who has just left has been an intimate friend of yours — somebody you liked very much once ?'! he asked. 'Yes.' ' I can scarcely believe your taking to such a woman,' he said; 'to my mind, she is thoroughly objectionable.' ' She is not the woman I have known — or else I was young-, and inclined to believe in her too much,' replied Mary Smith ; 'but she was a faithful fiiend at one trice — a little romantic and a little hasty, and always affec tionate and generous. No,' she added with a visible shudder, 'that is not the Floy Ccaven I loved, and for whom I grieved* when she ran away.' 'And women run downwards at a great rate,' he said gruffly. ' Poor things, they had better die youDg, like my Verity.' He would have gone from the room after this, but Mary Smith called to hi en as he opened the door. ' What isit ?' he asked. 'Are you going to Waterloo-bridge- road again ':'' she atked. ' Yes. They will fetch her at four.' ' I will come with you, if you please.' : ' Is it worth while V 'Yes; I would prefer it, if you do not mind.' 'Why?' 'To say good-bye-to her.' 'You were not frieude,' he answered; 'why should you try yourself so much as this?' ' It is no trial,' was the answer ; ' she has been a part of my life.' ' But you did not love her ?' ' I had not the chance.' ' ' And you pity her now ?' he askei curiously — 'pity the end like this ?' 'Call it pity if you will, sir.' Pity should have been for the living rather than for the dead, thought Jonathan Lovett ; for the living, to whom she would have to say good-bye, too, in a very short while, and who would be about as lonely — almost as dead ! — as the daughter who had passed swiftly over the line that God draws with His own hand. We need not dwell too long upon tha* visit to* the house in the Waterloo-bridge-road. Jonathan Lovett himself made short work of it. : Remembering what he had said at his hotel, he asked at once for Mrs. Daddow, and made an enquiry about his bag, concerning which that (tout and effusive female was completely ignorant ; then he took her aside, and said in a stage whisper — ' If yon discover Mr. Dodson, and let me : know where I can find him, I will send you filty pounds, ma'am. Perhaps you will bsar this in mind.' ' I shall sever forget it, sir,' whimpered ? Mrs. Daddow.. When*oey went upstairs into the roomthere » were f our- wreaths upon lie poJishedttak-mmn which Mr. Lovet* had contrived 'to (Order and^ eeat in that very morning. ? -.?:_-.?': 'Where did those flowers come from?' he asked, frowning. ' That little one is my humble tribute, sir,' she said, bursting into tears. 'I — I don't think it's any use taking it to Lancashire,' he said ; ' it's very kind of you, but you didn't know much of her, my good woman, did you ? Here's a five-pound note.' 'Thank you, eir. I am unspeakably ob liged. I ? ' '? How did the others get here?' . 'That white one ia Mrs. Craven's; she brought it in with her this morning. The two others came an hour ago.' '? Not yours, either of them V he said, turn ing to our heroine. ' No,' said Mary Smith, 'not mine.' Ee looked at. the cards dangling from fc«ro of the wreaths. One was Foster Deane's — 'in loving farewell ;'? and tbe other from 'a true and attached friend, J. Dodsoa.' Jonathan Lovett opened the window and dropped all four of the wreaths out of it, despite an exclamation of our heroine's. His face was dark and cross during the operation, and twitched ominously. ' These people insult me. All of them have had a hand in keeping her from me — in bring ing her to jthie. I hate their sympathy, their eant,' he said. He turned to Airs. Daddow, who seexed very much afraid of him and shrank back a step or two as he approached he?. ' That Dodaon is in London. It wi'l ba easy ' for you to find him. You must ? ?' Mary Smith touched nis arm. 'Let me find him for you presently,' she said. 'I think I can. You must not trouble about him now.' ' You will try and find him?' he repeated. 'Yes. I know him, and I remain in London, you will remember.' 'Ah ! I had forgotten that,' he muttered, 'Yfs, I can. trust you. . Find him for me, please. Thank you, Mary Smith.' Later that afternoon he thanked her again,, with more ceremonious politeness than she cared to see him exhibit, but with genuine courtesy too, and, despite the strangeness of his remarks, with no irony lurking in the back ground. He spoke exactly as he felt, and with out any covert meaning ; but it did not render parting with him very easy. They were prepared to go their separate ways — and their cabs, with the boxes and trunks on the roof, were out side the doors of the Flourishing Hotel. ' You take Dids to South Lambeth,?' he en quired. 'Yes.' 'Not back to school at BrLston?' 'No,' she replied; 'I am going to exert my authority— my trusteeship— and take care of her myself. She will be safer with jae till her father returns from Egypt.' 'That's true. Keep that dreadful woman away from her, if you can,' he enjoined, with a slight shudder. 'And now— good-bye to you.' He extended lr's broad palm towards her, looking gravely and eadly at her meanwhile. It was his old stare, but with a difference. There was considerable pathos in it. 'Good-bye, sir,' she said, putting her hand in his, 'arid thank you.' 'I don't know what you are thanking me for,' he remarked. '? For much kindness,' was the reply. ' I don't remember,' he said, releasing her hand, with an odd little sigh ; 'I am not a man kindly disposed towards anybody. I was brought up roughly, and am naturally a rough fellow still. I was goiDg to say thank yoii, and now you have taken' the words out of my mouth.' ' Pray don't thank me, Mr. Lovett. I have only tried to do my duty, and have done it, I fear, very badly. It was on my mind,' she eaid, 'that my coming to Verity was an utter failure, and that I might 'have done, oh ! so much better.' 'You need not brood upon any such non senee as that, lass,' he said emphatically; 'your coming to us has «o£ been a failure- — nothing like one. Not but what I should be glad if I could forget that you had ever been in existence. I should be more settled— more like the Old Lovett that everybody knows down in Lancashire. But that's neither here nor there, is it ?' ' No,' wasthe quiet response to thi3. 'That's nothing,' he added; 'that's over and done witb, every bitof it. And I don't fancy I should care to see you again,' he said bluntly, 'and for reasons you can gaess at pretty well without my telling you — or making a -snivelling speech about' it. I go back to Keccleson for a time,, and there, or elsewhere, I shall try to live withbub.you- pretty well, and to get back — sy, and soon, too. I hope — to 'my old selfi But I shall not forget you — and should any great trouble at anytime come to you, child, whilst I am living, it will be -a cruel act of yours to keep me ignorant of it, Doyou understand?' ? . ' Yes, I think T understand whatyou mean,' answered Mary Smith. ' There, then, I won'tsay any more,' he said* in a low voice. ' I shall hear from you — Mrs. Dalrymple will hear from you — you have made -me a few promises that you will keep-Hind so : good-by again. And— and 'please dont mind me. 1 am an old man in great trouble' to-day altogether.' He leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the forehead, and it was a fatherly caress from which she did not sht ink, and at which she did not blush.. There were .tears in her eyes, but ' he did not see them ; and she could not trust her-voice again 'to -speak to him. She went from the room to bid qood-bye''to Mrs. Dal rym'ple, to' get over much embracements' and tears and hysterical Eobs* from that lady, and to take possession of Dids in order that sb might bear her away presently to Paradise terrace in trust for Ambrose Chinery. When all this had been done, and she was in her' cab and ready 'to depart, Mr. Lovett mode his appearance on the pavement, and stood there with his hat on the back of his head and his hands in his pockets to see the last of her. He did not raise his hat, or say another word in farewell to Mary Smith as the cab moved off ; he simply looked gravely and sadly at her, and ' let her go her way. And he watched the cab till it was out of sight, with his old protuberant stare full on. 'So that's the very end of it,' was all he said to himself, as he walked into' the, hall of the hotel again and looked round for bis sister. 'The very end of it,'_wlienit was simply the beginning. 