. A MATCH MAKER. BT A272TSTX2 CALHBOF. I [FBOM THE HOME CHIMES.] ' " Put down the everlasting boot »do, child," said an old woman's voice ^a voice in which was a distinct shade of irritability, "Ton are reading, reading, reading, morning, noon, and .night. The pony will be starting for the station in ten minutes, and you won't be ready to drive." A stifled exclamation, which sound- ed suspicously like " bother," came from a corner near a window, through which a number of Gloire is Dijon roses were thrusting their yellowheads. A young girl closed, with an angry i -snap, a formidable looking volume, "which, lay on her knee ; she jumped from a window seat, and pushed back on her forehead a mass of loose hair, | which had fallen int» her eyes. Her i slender form looking very pretty and I graceful, as it stood out against the light, in the half-darkened room-a cool, spacious, country drawing-room, with cumbrous furniture swathed, for the most part, in faded chintz, with a high, old-fashioned, piano, with a profusion of small tables, old china, «nd kuick- knacks, and with a per- vading scent of dried rose leaves." "Ami"to go with tho carriage, grannj ?" the girl asked, in rather a ^woeful voice. The first speaker-an old lady, with an unbent figure, and a bright been face, who sat knitting in a distant -corser of the room-looking up impa- tiently from under her spectacles. *¡Arevouto go? To be sure! Why not?"" The answer was not quite so prompt, as the question had been. " I'm-I'm not used to driving, you know, granny, and-" " Stuff and nonsense ! Gipsy does'nt need any driving; he'll go to the -station of his own accord, if you only Jet him. And I sm anxious that you èjaould meet Cousin Tora, and make his acquaintance at once." " I don't want to make his acquaint- ance," was the comment which rose 1¡o the girl's lips, but timely wisdom checked its utterance. When within a few minutes, the prophesied arrival of a pony carriage 1 oi'ore the hall door . took place, the charioteer was equip- ped and waiting. She stood in a Jessamine covered porch of a substanti- al, ugly, red brick house, overlooking a large garden, with trimly kept lawns, ' and clumps of dark yews ; beyond Was a stretch of monotonous fenland. "Give my love to Tom, Lettice," /called the old lady, through an open window. " Very well, Granny." The girl took the reins from a goom, half dubiously, in unpractised hand. In . another moment, Gipsy started off, re fulating his own pace ; he trotted own a drive, bordered, on each Bide, ; «by tall shrubs, passed through an open -gate, by a sunk fence, crossed a small park, left behind him another gate, «nd a lodore, and turned into a long, straight dusty road, leading to the ?illage and railway station of Dole thorpe. Lettice sat bold upright, a frown upon ber face ; she disliked her responsible occupation, and she dread- ! cd an encounter, which awaited her, . At its close. A crisis in her life was \- arriving, and she recognised and re- sented the fact. Lettice Delbridge was the only child of a certain Geoffrey Delbridge, a dabbler in literature, and the 'fine arts-a clever, handsome, idle, ne'er do weel. Geoffrey's wife belonged to a rich Lincolnshire country family, who took umbrage at her marriage. Mrs. Delbridge's married life was a short one; she died when her daughter was eight years old. From that time, to the opening of the present year, Lëttice has shared her father's wander- ing life; she had a cursory acquaint- ance with the fashionable haunts, and an ample knowledge of the shabbiest quarters of most continental capitals. The girl had considerable taste and considerable talent, but her energies :-artistic and intellectual- had not been placed under wise direction. For poetry, she had a very genuine love, she had fallen in with a number of would-be poets and poetesses, who cultivated effection as a fine art, and who taught her to talk affectedly on the theme of poetical emotion. Lettice Delbridge was a slight fair girl, with a pale, studious face, a sensitive mouth, and dreamy grey eyes. Her face was too thin, and her features were too sharp for actual prettiness ; but there were fascinating depths in her grey eyes ; and her per- sonality was not devoid of a subtle indefinable charm, which to some natures is more potent than that of physical beauty. A few months before our story opens, Lett ice's father had died ; in her orphanhood, her mother's family, who had hitherto ignored her exist- an ce, came forward to her aid ; and her grandmother, Mrs. Vincent, who was a widow and lived alone, design- ed to offer a home. Lettice had now been established for three months at the Dolethorpe Manor House, her grandmother's place in Lincolnshire. She had found her new quarters in- tolerably dull. She had enjoyed her old semi-Bohemian lile--bad enjoyed the fraternal society of struggling authors, of actors, of rising artists, ot singers and musicians, with their tales of pecuuiarj difficulties, of rebuffs und rebounds, of high hopes and dire fears, and of an all-sustaining am- bition. Now, the prim, placid life, to which she was introduced, in a lonely house among the fens, and the hum- drum society of Mrs. Vincent's prosy neighbours, proved irksome to the extreme. Then, too, Lettice disliked country pursuits and amusements. I Tennis was a weariness to her. It was [ not without apprehension of disaster that she had learned to drive Mrs. Vincent in a pony carriage drawn by the steadiest of ponies; and riding was an accomplishment far beyond her range. Her chief interest cent* ed round the nearest circulating library -a poor little establishment in a sleepy town four miles distant. Mrs. Vincent, having once given her granddaughter the shelter of her roof, ' interested herself not a little in her welfare. She took the gill's future into her hands, and within her own mind, she planned for Lettice what she considered a suitable marriage. Substantial pecuniary advantages were , to follow Lettice's compliance with her grandmother's designs. But these designs excited a tumult of suppress- ed opposition. Lettice told herself that she would never relinquish, iu matters initritrionial, her right offres choice. As for the husband selected for her, ßhe had not yet seen him, but she hated him viciously in advance. Mingled with her feelings of hatred came, sometimes, thc J*.'membrance of a certain evening un a Venetian bal- eo Dy, and of a cert ai > voice which had talked to her of poetry and art, of sweetness aud light, and of the beauty ot communion between twp kindred souls. Misgivings concerning the future, and wistful recollections of the past gare a displeased, not to say a cross, look to Lettice's face, as she drove along, or rather, as she held a slack rein, and trusted herself to the pony's guidance. It was sultry weather. The scenery was unpicturesque and uninteresting. On each «ide of the road was a weedy ditch; beyond stretched an expanse of flat land, parcelled out into meadow and fallows, and turnips, and wheat and oats. Presently Lettice saw a dark figure advancing towards her ; it came near- er and proved to be that bf an ac quai ii tance-a fair, youthful, narrow shouldered, weak-eyed curate, an ad- mirer of her own. The young man wore a very long, ultracierical coat, and a very broad brimmed ultracierical hat ; ah eye-glaSB, attached by a ribbon round his neck, had made its way tb the centre of hts back ; he carried an umbrella and a little bundle of tracts ; he WSB shod with a pair of thick soled, country-made boots. Tho clergyman doffed his hat eager- ly and pulled up in mid-course, ap- parently intent on the interchange of verbal courtesies. But the girl pass- ed by with a formal little bow, and left him standing at the roadside, looking after her through a little cloud of dust. The train which Lettice was to meei was late ; she had sohle time to wail at the small, '* duli, little frequented station. She pulled the pony into t patch of - shade cast by some of thc railway buildings, drew a book froir under one of the cushions of the carri «ge and began to read. The book was Spenser's Faerie Queene. Soon the reader forgot the heat, forgot the annoyances and the ennui of her life, forgot the unknown cousin whom she had come to meet, forgot everything and every one, except the Faery Knights-the virtues militant-who served Gloriana-Grlory, in the high- est, deepest, truest meaning of the word. She read of the Ked Cross Knight who when parted from Una, and fainting in the " middest of the race," saw coming to the rescue Prince Arthur with the wondrous shield. A 1 look of awe came into her face; sho was familiar with Professor Morley's i eview of the Faerie Queene, familiar too with auother writer's Teaching of! Books ; and she knew the allegorical meaning of Prince Arthur ia the poem, as in the hour of the deepest human need, he advanced-the bearer of the shield of the grace of God. Meanwhile, Lettice's unknown cou siu was thia king of her as he pulled away at a pipe iu a first-class carriage of a train speeding towards Dole-, thorpe ; a copy of Bell's Life lay dis- regarded at his feet. It was difficult to him to picture a young visitor among his old haunts. He often came to the Manor House ; he lived within easy distance in auother division of Lincolnshire, aud he was Mrs. Vin- cent's favourite grandson. At last the train steamed into the station ; Tom Vincent soon discovered Gipsy's whereabouts. "You must be cousin Lettice," he said pleasantly, as he lifted his hat to the occupant of the carriage. " Yes, I am Lettice Delbridge," the giri answered stiffly, and she stowed away with a sigh, the Faerie Queene beneath the cushions. -'Granny sent me to meet you," she added, in a designedly ungracious tone, which was intended to convey to her hearer's intelligence, the tact that the journey had not been voluntarily undertaken. She lifted her eyes to the new comer. Tom was a tall, bread manly fellow, of some three or four and twenty years of age, with browny crisply curl- ing bair, a sunburnt face, frank, honest, blue eyes, a straight nose, a fair moustache, and a large mouth, whose lips were parted in a good humoured smile. ' '? " He's decidedly handsome, but he's not my style/' was Lettice's mental comment on the object of her scrutiny. Before her mind's eye there arose a face and figure after another type -a stooping figure and a pale face, with a background of lank black hair \--the face and figure belonged to the voice which had talked so glibly on the Venetian balcony of sweetness and light, and of the beauty of com- munion between two kindred souls. " She has a fetching little pale face of her own-though she has put on black looks for me-but she is not my style," said Tom to himself. Before hie mental visión camp a laughing face, with a brilliant colour, and a pair of merry dark eyes-the face of a young lady of his acquaint- ance, the best tennis player, the most tireless dancer, and the straightest rider after Hounds in uer county. " Wouldn't you like to drive ?" asked Tom, as Lettice moved aside tc give him her place, while a poi tel adjusted a portmanteau at the back ol the carriage. "Oh, dear no, thank you;" vérj shortly. " I am only too glad to es- cape the trouble." Crack went the whip; the reiiú were gathered in a tight, vigorous, grasp, and. Gipsy-kuowing well thc hand that held him--set off at a pac< regulated, this time, by his driver abc not by himself. At last Tom pulled into a walk. I.say, cousin Lettice!" he begar suddenly, looking down on the littb face beside him. ««Well?" Tom looked awkwardly. He tugged his moustache, iu some embarrass- ment, bow to proceed. But his out- spoken nature was not to be baffled by embarrassing circumstances. "Look here" he said, "if you and I* are to be friends--and. there's no reason why we shouldn't be-we muBt understand one another at starting. As matters stand, I have a shrewd suspicion that you intend to dislike me cordially ; and that's hard lines on me, you know. No doubt Granny bas told you-aa she has told me that she has set her miad ou a match between us two." Lettice could not answer for indig- nation. How dared this cousin of hers subject her to the humiliation of a reminder that the disposal of her hand had ever been represented as « matter out of her own control I " Naturally, you are angry with Granny. She hadu't the ghost of a right to dictate to yon about your future, to say nothing "-with a comical smile-" about my own." " Really, I don't think that we need discuss-" " Oh, yes, excuse me, we had better I discuss the point, this once, and then dismiss it from our minds for good. I want just to tell you that I hope you won't let thiB scheme of granny's interfere with our chances of fueud sbip for one another. We are cousius, after all, and it will be awfully jolly, for me, at least, to have a companion in the dull old place. At all events, £ can sec your mind at ease on one point. I haven't any matrimonial designs upon you-I haven't upon my word-and there's no fear of my mis- construing any sign of friendliness on your part into--into-encouragement, you know. To tell the truth "-rom hesitated-" I have some thought of marrying sometime in the vague ever so vague-future; and there's some one in my head, whom I hope, one day, to make my wife." Lettice thawed visibly. "I am glad to hear that; perhaps, to use your own expression, there's some one in my head too," she said, with quite an affable little laugh. " Is there, now ? Well, cousin Lettice, shall we try to be friends?" " With all my heart," she answered cordially now. "That's fine; only that I'm a bit afraid/that you won't find my tastes like your own." " What do you know of my tastes ?" with an amused smile. " ÎPell you dress S3stheticaliy,ánd and-you were reading poetry when I first saw you, I have a fancy that you are clever and artistic, and literary \--and - and all that. And IÎ-am stupid as an owl." " Oh, I dare say that you are not," with serene condescension. " Yes, I am," ho said despondently. I'm hopelessly stupid, so far as books are concerned: But," he added, bright- ening, " books ain't everything after all, are they ?" "Notquite everything." " Before I leave-there's no hurry about the matter-I'll tell granny that there's no hope of a marriage be- tween us, sind that all the blame in the affair is mine." " No, no; we share the blame." Tom smiled a lenient smile of su- perior wisdom. "Silly child!" he said loftily, in the tone of one qualified, in point ©f years, to give grandfatherly counsel. " Don't you know that granny has heaps of tin, and that if you vex her ] she may leave every penny away from you. As for my mining my own chance, that isn't of sb much . con- sequence. My governor is veil oí?, and I shan't do badly, independently of granny. But even if I were ever so poor, it would ba horribly mean to me to stand in your light. I am a mau,-and can make tuy own way in the world." "You are very generous, cousin Tom," with a suddeu impulse of ad- miration. " But you needn't trouble about me. I don't care a rap for granny's money. When I lived with father *«e were always poor, and I was a thousands times happier than I am under granny's prosperous roof. I'll take the whole blame, unless you con- sent to share it. I will tell granny that you proposed to me and I refused you." "Whats, stunning little thing it iäV murmured Tem to' himself. "Weill" he said, aloud, "the time for explanation hasn't come yet ; we need not decide anything until it arrives. Here the park gâtés was reached, and the conversation was brought ty a cloie. Just as Gipsy turned iuto the- gute, a gentleman carno out of the lodge; be blood a moment at the threshold to talk to a chubby-faced child of the lodge-keeper ; he was the clergyman whom Lettice had met up? on the road. " Hallo \ there's some one who fl don't know" said Tom, as he returnees the stranger's salute. 1 "Who is he?" . . " He's Mr. Grey, the new curate."" Lettice soon found that her cousin's advent entirely changed the current of her lite at Dolethorpe. Dulness vanished in Tom's genial presence. The two cousins spent most of their time together, and most of it ' out-of doors. Tom neted .as guide during cross-country walks, discoursing learn- ., ed ly the while on the condition of the crops, und laughing heartily at the. dearth of information betrayed on matters agricultural by his companion in her replies. Under his tuition, Lettice learned to distinguish grow- ing \\\ heat from barley, and barley from oats ; she even attempted,! though her efforts were not crowned\\. with absolute success, to grasp the , difference between m .ingolds avm iur ! nips. She took long drives with her cousin, scouring the places of com- parative interest in the neighbour- hood. Sometimes-with the ignoin iny of inevitable defeat before ber she consented to engage in a combat at lawn-teams with Tom, but the beat of the weather ofteu proved a ^ pretext for laying down her arms. * Then she would make her way io a seat in the shelter of the yews,. and. Tom would sprawl on the grass beside her, while she, perhaps, would take up a book, and read aloud. Lettice tried to instil into Toni , something of her own love of poetry» ' The task proved beyond her powers. The young man could not-to quote his own barbarous words-*' make head or tail" of Browning, and it seemed to him, in Lis irreverence; . that " Tennyson went a long Way round to say very little." Spenser did come moro nearly home to him. The conflicts of tue Faery Knights stirred au admiration easily won by * deeds of physical courage. But the " fine footing,'' which ¡Spenser bide bis readers " trace " was altogether ignore ! by matter-of-fact Tom ; he failed to see thtough the allegory any picture of spiritual warfare or spiritual - knighthood. But he liked to watch his cousiu, as she read, to sec, as the inner meaning of some passage flashed upon her, deepen in lier eyes, while aV *' strange hush came into her voice. " She dues care tremendously for the stuff," Tom would say to himself. The intimacy between the cousins increased daily. Tom told Lettice almost all his personal bis tory. . She ' knew all about his father! and bia : home, all about his mother and his sisters, and the paternal acres to which he was to succeed. In return, , she told him sparkling little stories of her experiences in Continental cities». W hen Tom bad spent about a week . in Dolethorpe, on event occurred. which afforded subject for conversation at all the tea-tables in the neighbour- hood. Mr. Grey, the Dolethorpe curate, who bad hitherto been known as an impecunious and insignificant indivi- dual, came in unexpectedly for u large - fortune, under the will ot a distant - relation. On the very day when he * learned the change ia his circum- stances he collied at the Manor House, and in an interview with Mrs. -_ Vincent delivered himself of his good news. XTorn and Lettice were notât home ; the curato met them when', his visit beiug over, he crossed the park-on . bis way home. Lettice wore a plainly; ! made black dress stud a huge " eesthe- -> tic" black hat; her hands were full of wild flowers. ?. .'< : Tie curate glanced at tho flowers, it occurred to {him vaguely that an opportunity was presenting itself lor an illusion to Shakespeare "sweets to the sweet." But the elation con- sequent on his new prosperity had all gone out of his manner; he was shy and awkward ; aiid an endeavour to» perpetrate a compliment ended in an. unintelligible mumble. That evening at dinner Mrs. Vin- cent had much to say concerning Mr. Grey, his visit and his confidence., "It's a most astonishing affair. A. third or fourth cousin, whom he had never seen, bas left him a fortune, which is fairly e-nor-vtous" she re- marked, dwelling with infinite satiB-. faction on each syllable of the adjec* tivd. : ' .. " ? .-T:':; " ' Pon my word ! Grey, of all fel- lows !" responded Tom, as he helped himself to pepper. " Will he resign his curacy ?" " Really, I can't Bay-pass the salt, Letlice-probably, he has not, as yet, made any definite plans." That evening, after Lettice had gone to bed, Mrs. Vincent detained Tom for a few minutes conversation. The old lady was sitting, knitting, in her accustomed corner of the drawing room. " I've something to say to yon about Lettice, Tom," she began, as «he patted down an excrescence in her work, and eyed it sideways, as if with lurking suspicion of imperfection. " What is it, granny ?" Tom rested his elbow, on the mantlepiece; he turned round a little sharply, at the . sound of Lett ice's name. " Well, you two young people have been together for some time, now. And, from ali that I see, I have reason to believe that you don't look favour- ably on my plan for a marriage be- tween you." Tom" hesitated, " We-we-don't like dictation," he said bluntly. "But why do you-" " Dictation indeed !" Mrs. Vincen \- smiled. She held up her finger fa, silence, and she said no further word till a landmark had been reached, ii lier computation of her stitches. "Why do I broach the subject now P Because, I happen to haw altered my tnind about the marriage.' j u Altered your mind ?" Tom spok< in an amazed tone. "One, two, three-yes. Pur fron desiring an engagement between you, now, I should refuse-four, five-in j consent to such an event. I am wil- ling-six, seven, eight-to act liberally by you both, so long as you remain single, but if you marry, you won't receive a farthing from me." Tom's face grew red and angry. "Come now, granny," he said, "if you choose to change your mind with «very wind that blows, you needn't expect ÜB to change our minds too." " Don't talk nonsense, Tom. I don't ask you to change your mind ; it is I who come round to your way of thinking. You resented my dictation, with regard to your marriage-well, I 45ive up the idea of a marriage alto- gether. I have other plans. And now, light my candle ; I'm going to bed." "I can guess your plans," said Tom hotly, as be applied a match to the wick of a candle. " It's signifi. cant enough that you form them on the very day that you hear of Grey's good fortune. It's easy to see that Grey admires Letticc ; it's easy, too, to see that he has suddenly become an important person in your eyes. And-» 41 Come, come, Tom ; I'm waiting for my candle. Lettice's admirers bave nothing to do with you." " Yes, they have-they have. Let- tice is my COUBÍO, and we are first-rate friends. It's just horrible to find that these mercenary schemes are made for her future, and that her own wishsB on the subjeet are left out of sight altogether. You insult ber when you suppose that she can be disposed of so readily. It's-it's a ikind of sacrilege" said Tom, who was not always precise in the matter of language, nor very certain of the weaning of sundry trisyllabic words. " I am sure that Lettice doesn't care for Groy." "I haven't said anything about Mr. GTey ; don't be absurd, Tom. I have only forbidden you to marry Lettice ; and as you dou't wish to ; marry her, you have no ground fori complaint. Good night," and Mrs. j Tincent made her way out of the room. ?In the morning the matrimonial prohibition given to Tom was repeated to Lettice. If a new era had begun in the lives of the cousins, their outward relations suffered no change. The contact be- tween the two natures-the one intel- lectual, ardeut, apt to take too highly coloured views of life, and to fall into small affectations-the other practical, sturdy, honest, wanting in a sense of Ímetry, and devoid of any high intel- ectual aspirations-was a matter of unconscious advantage to them both. A certain brusqueness in Tom's man- ner grew less .pronounced. Lettice, too, had learned something from Tom. Under the influence of his utter sim- plicity, she had dropped, by degrees, many of the eccentricities of language current among members of the soi disant aesthetic school. It was useless to waste " intensities " of expression on unromantic Tom, who would only receive them with a blank stare» or a bewildered " What Mr. Grey came often to tbe Manor House by Mrs. Vincent's invitation. He bore his new honours meekly enough. He would sit almost silent during his visits, watching Lettice, and allowing Tom to take the lion's share in the conversation. But for Grey's unconquerable diffidence, he could have talked much better than Tom ; be was, by far, the cleverer man of the two ; he possessed, too, a delicate sensibility, and a gentle un- selfish character. He watched Let- tice, aB we have said-watched her closely when Tom spoke to her, and he drew his own conclusions from the effect produced upon her hy her cousin's words. The gist of those conclusions he communicated to Let- tice one day during an excursion which he had made, in company with the Manor House party, to the ruins of an abbey church in the neighbour- hood. Mrs. Vincent had taken Tom under her own wing ; Grey and Lot tice were walking together across a field leading from the abbey to the nearest village. " There's something which I should like to say to you, Miss Delbridge," the curate began in a voice which gained unusual strength from unusual fixity of purpose. Lettice looked up, an unspoken dread in her eyes. But she recovered her equanimity, when Grey went on quietly "I am thinking of leaving Dole thorpe for good." "Indeed!" Lettice had begun to breathe freely. " I am sorry for your decision, Mr. Grey. But Í am not surprised. You have the world before you where to choose ; and Dolethorpe Is dreadfully dull." "Oh! I am very fond of Dole- thorpe," the curate responded simply. There was a moment's silence. " I am going," the young man went on, " not because Dolethorpe is dull, but because--" the shy eyes looked down into Lattice's face-"because I love you, and because you don't care -and will never care-for me. I know I have long seen-that you have no love to give me. But "-with a gentle sigh-"I thought that I should like you to know that I love you, very dearly, and that go where I may, I shall never forget you. You will forgive my saying this. I have no right to trouble you with protesta- tions or petitions.". In his earnest- ness, the curate had shaken off much of his awkward diffidence ; there was about his uucomnlaininer acceptance of the inevitable,* a simple, manly dignity, which reminded Lettice, some* how-spite the minor differences-of certain conflicts and victories of her well loved Faery Knights ; there were tears in her eyes when she turned to answer him. In the midst of her ad- miration, and her pity, there came a 6wift thought of Mrs. Vincent; what would granny say, if she ha) heard Mr. Grey, the giri wondered. Lettuce, like Tom, had little doubt that the old lady looked with favour on Mr. Grey, as a suitor. The girl deter- mined to keep the curate's confidence alike from Tom and from Mrs. Vin- cent. His secret was his own, not hers, she told herself. At last, Tom's last evening in Dole thorpe came. The cousins sat to- gether under the yews. They talked only by fits and starts ; the depres- sion of a coming parting was over them both. Tom stretched his long length on a rustic chair ; his hands were clasped behind his head. Lettice bad estab- lished herself on a camp stool, beside him, a heap of roses in her lap. She bad stopped midway, in the task of arranging her flowers into a bouquet ; she rested her chin on her hand, and dreamily watched the shadows chase each other across the lawn. It was a lovely evening. The sun was sinking amid a mass of gorgeous coloured clouds; the gardeu was bathed in crimson light; beyond, through the park, came the glimmer of golden fields. i " Sp this is our last evening !" s Tom softly. u. Yes." The girl answered, wit out turning her head. "My visit has passed quickly a very pleasantly. We have been g( friends, eh Lettice?" Lettice did not at once answer, almost wish," ßhe said, at last, pi eionately, " that you had never coi It will be all the lonelier for me wt you are gone." "I shall be lonely, too," in a 1 voice. " Oh, for you, it is different." " Why different ?" I " I have no friends ; granny and ' lead a life of the dullest routine." One of Lettice's roses fell to t ground. Tom stoppod and picked up, but he did not restore it to owner. " For you it is different, I say. Y are going home to your own peop and to friends. Perhaps"-with little laugh, which was meant herald a joke, but which sound rather mirthless somehow-"you w even see the lady-I don't know h name-of whom you spoke to me t first time I saw you-the " someone whom you hope one day to make yo wife." " Do you remember that nonsense Tom exclaimed, almost angrily. * know now that it was nonsense, may have had a fancy in a certa direction, but it was just a fancy, ai it had died a natural death." Lettice turned her attention to h flowers. Soon the bouquet was mai up ; she rose to take it to the hous but Tom stretched out a detainii hand. "Stay a moment" he sai entreatingly. The giri turned and waited. " Whi do you want ?" I "I want you." A longing look can into Tom's eyes ; he caught Lettice eyes ; he caught Lettice's hand an held it in his own. *' I love you Lettice ; I love you wit all my heart. I did mean to keep ot eld compact, to be friends, and nothin but friends, but you stole my hean in spite of myself ; and now I cannc bear the thought of living my Iii without you. I am not a bit worth of you, dear. You are clever am brilliant, and I am a dull, stupi fellow-too stupid even now to fini words for half the devotion which feel for you. But I love you, with al my heart. Can you care for me Lettice ?" There was silence. "I am waiting for my answer,' Tom said at last, in a breathless voice " You will be pitiful ; you will no keep me in suspense. Tell me,' drawing nearer to the girl, with c gesture of supplication, " Is mj answer *ïcs' or 'No?'" # # # # The sun had disappeared ; darkness was gathering over the garden, and Í fen mist wrapped the yews from sight, when Tom and Lettice made their way back to the house. "lam glad," the young man was saying eagerly, " that Granny is op- posed to the idea of a marriage be- tween us. No mercenary motive can be ascribed to our engagement now." " Oh, Tom " shrinking back as the house was neared, " what will Granny say when she hears our news." "I don't know," with a light- hearted laugh. " Let her say what she chooses. We are not dependent on her caprices, I have enough tin," with a little air of boyish triumph, " for us to begin life with' dear." " By-the-by," an unwelcome me- mory crossed the young man's mind. " this engagement of ours will be a blow to some one on whom, according to your hints v/hen we first discussed Granny's scheme, I have had cause to to look as a rival." Lettice coloured. " For long enough you have had no rival," she said gently. " My old fancy, like another fancy of your own, sir, is all over and done with now." Over and done with ! Listening to Tom's resolute-albiet unmusical voice, Lettice had no longer an ear to the melodious voice which had haunt- ed her memory since it first spoke to her on the Venetian balcony of sweet- ness and light, and of the beauty of communion between two kindred souls. . # # « "Lettice and I are engaged to b< married, Granny," blurted out Tom as be entered with Lettice, the light drawing-room where Mrs. Vincent sal in ber accustomed corner. He wat prepared for a hostile reception of his announcement ; his voice had a dis- tinctly combative tone. The old lady looked up as thc cousins entered. *' Why don't you sit down ?" shç asked, irrelevantly. "You just blocl out my light." Tom tumbled into a chair, awk- wardly conscious of an anticlimax to bis show of defiance. ' I don't think you heard what I said, Granny," he ventured again, " Lettice and I are engaged to be married." Yes, I heard." The old lady took off her spectacles, and rubbed them meditatively. Tom glanced towards Lettice, as if for in- spiration. What did Granny mean, by her apparent absence of interest? " I am afraid," he stammered, " that you will be displeased-" " No, I am not displeased," Mrs. Vincent answered, quietly. "Not displeased? I thought that you said-" " Well children !" interrupted granny, " I suppose that I must put you out of your suspense, though Tom's face of mystification is an amusing sight to 6ee. This engage- ment of yours doesn't, in the least, surprise, me. Displease me- why, I planned it myself, long ago. Very soon, after Tom came, I found that you had virtually fallen in with my plan, and that you were in love with each other. I watched you both, as you mooned about, playing at being friends. You didn't deceive me, though you possibly deceived your- selves ; you were not friends ; you were lovers, all along. But presently I discovered that there was an obstacle in your way to matrimony. You were disinterested people, forsooth, and the obstacle was-pecuniary advantage ?. You were independent miuded people, and the obstacle was-granny's dic- tation ! Upon my word, you showed yourselves a pair of ridiculous children, whom I had half a mind to leave to your own devices. But my good nature prevailed. I turned round, and withheld my consent to your en- gagement. I let you think, too, that 1 encouraged Mr. Grey's evident lik- ing for Lettice, but I had, in reality, told him that I believed there was no hope for him with regard to ber. He had made up his mind to leave Dole thorpe, and it is to be hoped that he will find a happier late awaiting him elsewhere. I "was sorry for him poor fellow-but I found him a UBefui card to play, in order to force youi hands. Well ! things turned out as I expected. The. obstacles of pecuni ary advantage and undue dictation beisg-or seeming to be-removed, you shortly became-as I foresaw you would become-engaged. The lovers glanced at each other. And so Granny's mystery was solved. Her matriinonisl scheme had come to a successful issue after all, and its progress had called into play diplomatic qualities, of which she was justly proud. Too happy to indulge any resent- ment at the fact ot being tricked, Tom laughed a 'loud ringing laugh, " We have given you a load of trouble, Granny ; and, as you say, we didn't deserve it a bit. But you will wish us happiness now, will you not ?" he inquired. "Yes, my boy, I wish you every happiness. You are my favourite grandson, Master Tom, spite of your perversity, and your headstrong ways; and I expect you to justify my pre- ference by turning out a good hus- band, as husbands go. As for Miss Lettice "-here Granny took the girl's hand, and patted it with an air of kindly proprietorship-"if she isn't yet perfect, according to an old fashioned woman's notion of perfec- tion, she has plenty of time, and plenty of wit, to learn better things, and 1 don't doubt that she'll make au excellent, wife, one of these days. Circumstances were against her in that rambling life of herB, which bas ! made her life here with me seem, by j contrast, very dull and formal. X I dou't bear either of you a grudge for ¡your reluctance to fall in with my plans for your happiness. I wish you joy with all my heart." " Dear Granny !" Tom and Lettice were married be- fore many months passed. Granny's good wishes for their happiness were abundantly fulfilled, and life's path- way, for them, had the sunshine on it. 