CRUEL JLONDON: .A ROMANCE OF REAL LIFE. \ G : < : By JosEPtt Hattox, Author of u Cly tie," "Christopher Kenrick," ic. (All Rights Reserved.) ' BOOK It CHARTER XT. — Fallen among Thieves. "You want a lodgiug; ah, bless ycr swatc face," said an old woman pushing Lor way to Caroline's side as she stood bewildered among the. crowd of passengers just emptied into the gaslight upon the arrival platform of the Great western Railway at Paddington, " a ' nice clean place as ever ye see ; an, let me carry the baby for ye." , Tue passenger — yesterday mistress of that ovely retreat on the Avon, to-day a fugitive and a wanderer — hugged the infant close to her breast as the woman known as Irish Moll put out her arms. "Ah, well, then, I'll not touch the darlint. . Xhe saints bless and kape it, but you've travelled a long way and you're a stranger Intirely, and what'll I do for ye at all ?" "Is this your luggage V" asked a porter, coming up to Mrs. Gardner with a small bag in bis baud. "Yes," said tho woman. "Are you expecting somebody to meet yon, or can I get you a cab ?" asked the porter, bent rather upon his tee than upon rendering ' assistance. " No," said Irish Moll promptly, " she just . wants a lodging for the night, "and I'm the woman she's expecting to get it for lior." Though accustomed to 9ee many strange f people, it occurred to the porter that "there was something peculiar in the association of these %two women ; one of them delicate, beautiful, ladylike, for he could see that the passenger .was all this, even in the gaslight; the other n .common, shuffling Irishwoman, who might have been a huckster, or orange seller, or the director of a low lodging-house. Before he had time to do more than let the curious contrast of the figures flash through his muddled brain his services were required in another direction, and be laid the hand- bag from Essain down by its owner and disappeared. "Ah, give the bag to me ; sure an I'll carry It for ye. Come away with Molly, and I'll get you some tay and a bloater, aud" make ye as comfortable as tho line house you've left." Caroline allowed herself to be led away. A stranger, bewildered and alouc — the unaccus tomed noise, the lights, the cries of porters, cabs dashing to aud fro, people pushing hither and thither, it seemed as if this kindly-speaking old woman was providentially sent to her help. She was ready to lean upon anyone, lest tho cruel crowd should sweep over her like a torrent and leave her stranded. "Let mo take hould ov yer arm, darlint," said Irish Moll, "ye arc not used to this big town ; come nwnys wid ye, aud wo cuu iiud yer friends in the mormn." In and out, betweeu cabs and horses, over the road and into a street of shops, with here and there a blaze of light illuminating the two figures, tho one grim, fawning, shuffling and leading the other, a slight, well-dressed girl with a child in her arms. It was 1L o'clock. The heat of the sun had left behind it a clammy summer haze. From streets of shops and blazing gin palaces they came to n region of houses packed together in rows, with here and there groups of men and women standing in tho doorways, or lolling out of the windows to try and catch a breath of fresh air, but only succeeding in pick ing up the odors of stale vegetables or whiffs of strong tobacco. "Ah, ye mustn't mind the looks of Porter's Buildings; we nien't rich any of us, but we're honest and we're clauc, aud Molly Maloney isn't the woman to bring yo anywheres where ye'll cot be comfortable." More than once Mr. Gardner was on the point of- resisting her guide's well-as.-amed authority, but it seemed as if the woman read lier thoughts and combaited with them with re assuring words, and appeals to the saiuts aud testimonials to her own honesty. They readied a narrow passage. "There, now. we'll soon be at home," said Iri?h Moll, " and a cup av tay will clieer ye." Irish Moll opened the door of a small" house, and brought the traveller into a room furnished as a bed and aittingroomoombined. Tho dark ness was made dimly visible by a lamp which gave forth more odor than light. Rut Molly Maloney, as the old hag delighted to call her self, turned the light up, and it tell, as if with , a flash of su. prise, upon the pale face of Caro- line Deuton, seated in a chair aud looking iu a "blank kind of way at nothing. It might have occurred to her that the change from The Cottage to Porter's Buildings was something too dreadful to think of, but no sudi thought troubled her. She had n vague desire in her mind to iiud out whether eke was legally married or not. Aud since she bad left The Cottage this desire had almost given way to fear that inquiries would only ' lead to a miserable and unhappy discover, ller leading idea at the otit.se: bad been to ilv from Essam ; to put The Cottage aud its now possessors behind her : to gel r.wav from the brutal taunts of Migswood : to shut out the scene of her shame. Once she had thought of seekiug consolation ami inspiration at her father's grave, and then it dawned upon her that she did not know where he was buried. In that awful'hour, when he was carried ton way side hotel dead before her face, she had lost all consciousness of things and hail inoro or less remained in a state of insensibility for many days. She remembered during her waking moments a laud voice, n contain attendant upon her, a young man who said he was her father's friend, and who ministered to her every want, only at last to cast her adrift a waif and 6tray upou the world. She had no papers in her possession as to her Id mtity, no record of bor father's death, no certificate of her marriage —nothing. Mr. Gardner hud madel.i cleau sweep of all these documents, newspapers and writings before leaving The Cottage, ami trie beautiful woman who for a time hud eveu iu his eyes con certed it into a paradise. While travelling to London, these facts, in a firearay uncertain way, had got into her mind, and sue realised more or less her position. She was a unit in the world, a thing without a name, a homeless wanderer, belonging to nobody ; and whether Heaven had given her a child in mock ery or out of love and mercy she know not. She only knew that who loved it with all her heart and soul, and that she would never part with it and live. As she sat staring at nothing in the parlor of Ho. 0, Porter'a-buildings, she saw none of the Indications of poverty about her. The tawdry tirc-pnpcr in the grate covered with soot, the torn blind, yellow with dirt and age, the cracked cups aud saucers that Molly Maloney placed upon the rickctty table, the kettle slm tried to boil over a lamp on the mautle-shelf — the wan derer saw none of these things, ller thoughts were far away, ami in spite of her thoy were following in imagination the fortunes of Tris tram Decker. She fancied she saw him in some fur distant corner of America, and it was some thing approaching a comfort to her to feel that lie was thinking of her. lie was the only friend she had in the world, aud she had s c»u Jiim looking over the gate in the Yale of Essam. At first that vision only impressed her with the belief that ho was dead ; for they were enperstitious people in her southern homo, aud the old negrcss who nursed her as a child con stantly saw ghosts and spirits. Since yester day, however, her troubled mind had put out bands, as it were, to feel for something or some body to cling to, and they had brought back the thought that perhaps Docker was coining to her; that the vision she had seen was the shadow of Iiis coming, the warning sent on before. WhiJo she was regarding this possibility with child like satisfaction, however, the woman's view of the situatiou intervened aud made her shudder. What could sho say to Tristram Decker ' t If he Bought her, it would be with his heart full of lovo for her, full of teuder memories. And even the declaration, " I am m irried," as if it were not bitter onougli, might be contradicted in His hearing, aud he would look upon her as au out cast, a thing for scorn and coutuincly. Irish Moll went on talking to her iodgcr, who mado her no answer, but presently rose and Staggered to the bed. " Ah, that's right, it's rest ye want, lie yo idown and I'll make tho tay for ye; aud ye'll find that bed as soft as a lady's couch, that yo vill." Tho baby cried. Mrs. Gardner laid it upon the pillow, "and lying beside it, soothed it and ' stroked its head. " I'll just go out now and buy ye the bit of supper this night and soinethiug'for the darlint's breakfast. Will ye bo giving mc a few Bhil- . jingsto make tho purchases V" "Give mo a little water." "Sure an' tbo tay'll be ready in less than a nSnntc." . " A littlo water." .. Mrs. iMaloney found some water 'after, much searching. It was warm, but the fugitive drank it- " Ah, thank the. saints you're gettin' better. Bid ye hear what I said about the supper and tho few shillings ?" "Yes," sho answered, taking tho purse out of her pocket. It was iu Molly's baud the moment it ap peared. "I'll just take fivo sliillins darlint, that's all," tilie said, examining the purso nt the lump, "that's enough, suro five shillings will got you n mighty line supper and breakfast." Sho hauded tho purse back, ami as she left the house impressed upon " the darlint. " that ebo would return in a few minutes.' But she came back no more. There were notes and gold In tho wauderer's purse. Wicked eyes leered at the money. Cruel lingers clutched at it. Irish Moll was a professional thief, and something even worse. One of her favorite "lavs," as they called the cruel business in Dorter's Buildings, was to pick up men or women at the great railway stations, unfortunate girls flying from disgrace in rural districts, countrymen Becking lodgings — strangers, in fact, to Lon don, for whom armies of plunderers, men and women, arc continually on the watch. Tho favorite stations arc 'Yiclorhi, Charing Cross, ami Waterloo; but Irish Moll varied her operations TI»owcM v J ViKirt oflmbilTtmi iu New South . Wales- bus been purchased by the proprietors of " Xuu pady Tclogruph," . just as she varied her place of. residence. She had only looked iu upon Paddington as a speculation ; it was not one bE her haunts, and it offered less facilities than the ; other big sta tions for her kind of work. The railway police are active men at Paddington, though Mrs. Maloney managed to dude them on this, her first important stroke of business iu that locality. Left alone, tbo mother bummed a lullaby to the child, and presently both slept where they lay. The shout of late revellers resounded iu the court, ami tho shrieks of woincu. But the Southern planter's daughter heard them not. Exhausted nature was recouping itself. The mother lay by her child, with her arms under its little head, as calin and 6tiU as if she were dead. Presently, morning, dirty aud grim, looked in upon them through the uusty window. Tho sun rarely deigned to cast even a solitary ray into the ro- cesscs of Porter's buildings. Tho first light of morning was bathing Essara in a poetic mist, a grey halo, cool and fresh ; the hedges were decked with liquid diamonds, thd birds were singiug in sublime choruses ; but morning at Porter's Buildings was a different thing alto gether. It seemed to hang about as if it were indifferent, if not ashamed, of the work.it hud to do, for it had to reveal to men's eyes the black spots in the world, the filth aud degrada tion of life, to show the slimy depths to which human nature can fall. The first beams of morning never fell upon so sweet a picture of suffering! innocence as that which they came upon at No. 6 Porter's Buildings. Sleep, like his brother Death, had smoothed all signs of care from the mother's face. There was even a smile upon the half-parted lips : the closed eyes spoke of peace and rust : and tue little face "be side them was rosy with health. It was hard to wake thsui so rudely. But the woman, who cainc in with the morning, wanted to kuow, with many curses, what in the name of Satan aud other demons they were doing in her bed and in her room. The ucw lodger woko with a cry and.cUngiug to her child, sat up and stared wildly about. The drunken owner of the boil said, " 0 yes, that was all very fine ; but what was she doing there?" Mrs. Gardner stammered something about an Irishwoman having brought her, whereupon the woman who had come in with ribbons in her bonnet and silk upon her back, anathematised Irish Moll, and supposed she bad been at tier little games again, ant! said, though she was her own mother, she'd suffer considerable torments if ever she should step inside that door again. Then she informed the infernal interloper aud her brat that they'd better get out quick. Whereupon the stranger, who had been brought to this laud flowing with milk and honey by a misguided father, slipped out at the door iuto a grimy passage, tUcu'into a court reeking with foul odors, aud finally out into a broad, deserted street. She attracted the attention of a policeman, for ho and her and her child were the only persons to be seen ; though a crowd of sparrows were chattering aud quarrelling over their breakfasts in the roadway. The officer said it was a queer kind of time for a person to want an hotel. Where bad she come from? What was she doing? Where did she live ? lie asked her many questions, and told her ho had no idea where sho couhi liud a respectable hotel that would take her iu. A baby and no Juggage. Oh 1 sho had left her luggage, she said, at the house where somebody had. taken her for the night. The policeman said she should keep out of bad company. They had turned her out of the houses she said. What did sec mean ? Whom had she becu with ? She didn't know ; an Irishwoman. "An Irish woman," the policeman said, reflectively. Well, the best thing sho could do was to go over to that early coffee-shop and got some coffee, and he would see it they would take her in at tho hotel next door. Ho did not quite make out to his own satisfac tion whether he was justified in helping her to this extent, but she looked something hotter than the sort of wouiau ho thought her before he had spoken to her. .She sat down tiin'.dly in a corner of the coffechonse, where the last of the night's beetles was just crawling lazily away beneath the fonder. Tho attendant, rithbiug'his eyes, brought her a cup of coffee. .She took out her pur.-e to pay for it. There was no money in it. The purse was empty. She felt in her pocket. The attendant said, " O come, don't go and say you aint got nothing." She said tho woman had rubbed her, What wouiau ? Sho didn't know. She had forgotten her name. The old bewildered look came iuto her face. She looked at the empty purse ; she looked at the man. The policeman returned. " Come along, mem," he said, "they'll take you iu at the Dragon." " She aint got no money," said t Lie coffo'j-shop keeper. The officer thereupon com menced to ask her a new set of questions. She answered them more or less vaguely : but in the cud he kuid sho had better go to thj station with him, and he would see what could be done. Au 1 when theun broke out over tha vale of Essam, aud, bursting through tho uiorulug mists, like a god illuiniuatlug the world with his picsouce, Caroline Demon- Gardner, friend less, peuniloih, was walking by the side of a policeman, gazed at by scavuugcrs aud work men who louud hu.tuois thtii early iu tho Edgware- road. Within forty-eight hours the innocent American beauty had been hurled from a luxuriou houia iu a smiling pastoral valley into the depth of cruel London's most cruel slums, tho hiding-places of poverty aud the dark haunts of vice. (to uk continued.) 