ON CERTAIN CRITICS. The arrival of Dr. O’Doherty amongst ns as the member for Meath, and an enthusiastic follower of Parnell raised an amount of feel ing in the breasts of some of our “ newspaper men ” that does great credit to their rancour. Let us who think differently on the matter pass this philosophically over. The time has come when we can afford to do so. The great Erasmus, it is said, grew feverish at the smell of fish. Now, the “ bearings of tin's observation ’’ “ lies in the application of it,” in the words of the immortal Bunsby, but by bearing it in mind, one can easily understand how great minds, the minds of some our “ newspaper men ” to wit, can be occasionally unhinged, and sometimes from very trifling causes. They remind us forcibly of the effect that the “boody man” of the nursery stories has on the minds of those who have long passed into manhood. Physiologists tell us that these nursery stories have re sulted in a life’s nervous wreck. Individuals, by no means peculiar to this quarter of the globe have drunk in stories of the Irish “boody” at their mother’s knee. In youth, and long past it, till they budded into jour nalists, they have gloated in imagination over its horrors, till belief in its reality has grown as firm as the belief in their own existence. As well ask a child who has lived in an atmosphere of ghost-land to walk calmty by night among the tombs of the dead as expect calm and sober reasoning on the subject of the Irish Nationalist claims from some of our journalists. I would recommend to those, as well as to those who firmly be lieve in the aims of that party, to read the peroration of Mr. Gladstone’s closing speech on the second reading of his Reform Bill of 1886\. He said : “You cannot fight against the future ; time is on our side. The great social forces which move on in their might and majesty, and which the tumult of our debates does not for a moment impede or dis turb—those great social forces are against you ; they are marshalled on our side, and the banner which we now carry, though perhaps at this moment it may droop over our sinking heads, yet soon again will float in the eye of heaven, and it will be borne oy the firm hands of the united people of the three king doms, perhaps not to an easy, but to a certain and not distant victory.” We may have to wait, and long too, perhaps, for “ the firm hands of the united people of the three king doms, but the growth of public opinion there in indicates “ that time, and the social forces are on our side.” At any rate, one kingdom is as unanimous on the question of Home Rule, as in the prophetic words of Gladstone, the three shortly became on that of Reform. The tendency of democracy in England and Scotland is unmistakeably in favour of local self-government throughout the king dom, as opposed to centralisation, the baneful offspring of Imperi i!ism. The people are learning to think and read now, and for themselves, and as they scan the pages of past history they see that the two latter have been liie strong and merciless weapons of the tyrant of every age. As they judge of tire probable course of the ftuure by the past, they would have done with them now arel fur ever, and in the cry of the Irish for Home liule they hear but an echo not out of hminony with their own. In all it is but the cry of a people reshnting the misgovern ltieiit inflicted by a dominant class, a cry claiming a stronger hand and share in the government, a cry proclaiming that states exNt for the benefit of the people, not the people for the benefit of states. Irish questions are not spectres; a host of intelligent English mcr. proclaim the fact at home, and it is simply ridiculous to find them treated of as such here at the antipodes. There is under heav en only one tiling more ridiculous, or would be if it were not to be deplored, and it is that Irishmen should be betrayed into violence of word or deed at the actions and criticisms of their opponents. Now to conclude as we began with an illustration. There is an animal called the cuttlefish which, when in danger, discharges a certain inky fluid which renders the water obscure and facilitates its escape. Now when you read a certain class of your critics, think of the cuttlefish and think of them, and you’ll not be the worse for that reflection. You’ll let them “slide.” 