THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISUED DAILY.) rr.uaimssics, oup. niaura, and due hesouIcjm. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, JAN 10, JSS'J THE NEXT GOVERNMENT. Ik his speech at Castlemaine the Premier brought under tho attention of his hearers the important question of the constitution of the future Government. He is of opinion himself that tho coalition should continue, and conjures up a fearful vision of the resur rection of the ghosts and putrid corpses, of old party cries. " Cursed is lie," he said, "that stirreth up strife." There are no signs about of any one making the attempt, nor is the country desirous of strife; but thpro js a strqng objection to a one-sided Parliament such as that which \ye have had dupifjg the coalition regime. If the Legislature merely exists for giying effect to the policy of tha' Government, ■ tho cost of maintaining it might bp very materially reduced. Eighty-au gentle moil in tho Lower House :iri> not wanted in sueh eireuiustaiuvs. Indeed the House nii^M as well eoit.si.si entirely <»f tin' nioin bors of tlio Ministry, who would thon have everything their own way without any danger of interference liy " obst motives, as the small number of lion, members who have dared to question tlio wisdom of any measure, or of any proceeding on tlio part of tlio Government, have boon called, t'oalition 1ms stamped out legitimate debate, and introduced a system of legislation of tliu most slovenly kind. Ministers take credit to themselves for having multiplied laws in the briofost possible Bpnco of time. Thoir practice has boon to bring in a bill, some times with so faulty mi explanation of ils provisions ua to bo absolutely mis leading, to got the second reading over as quickly and quietly as possible, to push the measure through com mittee ut high-pressure speed, and then hurry on to the third reading awl to this final stago " that this bill do now pass." So long as it could bo got on to the Statute Book its authors wore satisfied, and rejoiced over their fresh feat in law-making with its imperfections, If by.a continuation of the Coulitiini, Mr. Sorvico moans a perpetuation ot.this system, wo rather think the voice of tho country will pronounoo against it' in a very distinct and decided manner. Wo believe • that at tho elections every 'Minister will bo required to pledge himself not to stiOo discussion, and not to encourage the evil habit, which has grown up under the Coalition, of-cast ing''contumely'oil every hon. member who attempts ito exorcise his right to criticise the nioasuros ho is invited to assist in passing. A strong Goveruinont Mr. Service holds is necessary to tho.: .welfare.,of tho country, whilst ho rogards a weak; Government as a curso. Of courso a Government without strength has no business-in ollico; but there is a groat deal of diderence botwoun one so poworful that it caii crush all opposition and proveut a proper threshing out t.f its. mea-r sures, and one which, with a good working majority, is still not so potent as to bo ablo to gag tho othor side. Ovorpoworing strength', with a disposition to use it tyrannically, rondored tho Scrvieo-Bcrry Goyornniont very generally: obnoxious, and tho'constituencies will bo found,by no moans inclinod to tolorato such imporious rule ns thoira in tlio future. . ' If Mr : Sorvico ; tho' other evening at Castlomaino was foreshadowing tho policy of'hi3 successor in tho matter of tho decen tralisation movoinont, ho has "shot an. arrow o'er tho house and hurt his brother," for ho; has severely crippled him in tho pro-' vincos. No Minister can expect to onjoy popularity outsido of Melbourne who fol lows in tho footstops of the prosent Premier on decentralisation ground. Mr. Service, as a man of- figures, sought to kill the league by 'comparisons between the public Qxpenclituro. in Melbourne and that in tho country districts. Such comparative state ments ' aro as usoless as they aro uncalled for. If tlie'interosts of tho country demand' a far groater oxpondituro, it ought to bo entered upon to the utmost oxtont of tho tinanciar resources of tho Stato. Melbourne benefits with the rest of tho colony in every extension of devolopniont of wealth','whothor. it is'accomplished on the furthest contincs of tlio jilalleo scrub, in distant Croajingolong, iii the: northern agricultural districts, or 011 tho gold fields. A Ministry, that can not, or will'not, percelvo this, is not tho Ministry, that ;is' . wanted at the present juncture. ' But in spito . of what Mr. Servico, has ' saiJ, !iMr.-: Gillies may; perhaps, provo• .himself to i|)o ■ .tho' man for tho qccasion. Fair play forbids us, at all ovonts, to condemn him unheard.''At one timo ho was sound 011 irrigation, .arid stated in his place 111 Parliament that lio was of opinion it should bo made a national undertaking. What aro his views,of de centralisation Hvo h'avo yet to learn, but if they aro identical with tho.so of Mr. Ser vice ' any ■ administration formod by him will stand a vory poor chanco indeed of winning tho esteem and eonfidonco of tho country. Thk Termination : op tiik STniKta.^Our Mol bourno correspondent writes:—Then! was a cchpimI resumption: of work i\t tlio wharves yostorday morning, and tlio men, notwithstanding tlio heat, appeared to bestir themselves with inoro enorgy than usual, as if to mako up for lost timo. It seems likely that tho masons will carry their do maud, for an extra penny an hour, Thoy have boon paid hitherto .it tlio rate of Is 3d per lioiir, and asked for Is Id. A number building: contracts are in progress just now, and many of the leading employos finding that it would pay them better to concede tho advance than have work stopped by a strike, have agread to tho request. At a mooting of opnrativo masons held yestorday morning it was stated that eighteen employers hud yiolded, and tho surrender of the remainder is lookod for. 1 - A Ciimicit Scandal.—During tho past two or three weeks grave rumors havo been in circulation respecting an oliicial in one of the leading cliurches.' in the city. It i* stated that the individual has collected about £00 for pow rents which ho has not accounted for. The matter has been under the consideration of tho vestry on two or three occa sions, but it is nut yet decided whether criminal proceedings will be taken or not. ' ' Sudden Death in a Hotel. - The district coroner, Mr R. Strickland, P.M., held an inquest at the Rainbow Hotel yesterday morning, on the body of a man named Alexander Duncan, who died suddenly on the previous day at that place. The evidence of George Henry Eva, the licensee of the hotel, showed that the deceased came there as a boarder about five weeks ago. Deceased told witness that he had come from Canally Station, on the Murrmbidgee, New South Wales. De- ceased had been knocking about town drinking freely ever since his arrival in Sandhurst. About a week ago deceased complained of dysentery, but refused to see doctor. On Sunday morning, as he appeared to be were, witness sent for Dr. Penfold, who attended and prescribed for the deceased, but he expired at about four o'clock, the same afternoon. Dr Penfold deposed that when he was called in to see the deceased on Sunday morning the man was very ill. Witness ordered his removal to the hospital, but he refused to go. Yesterday morning witness made a post mortem examination of the body, and found that it was well nourished. The left lung was in a state of recent inflammation. The large vessels of the heart were in a state of embolism, and in the stomach was a soapy fluid. The cause of death was embolism and inflammation of the lungs. The deceased had evidently been drinking, but appeared to have been well taken care of by Mr and Mrs Eva. Constable Meade stated that he had found a silver watch and a bank book on the deceased. The book showed that on the 11th of December last, the deceased had deposited the sum of £79 19s in the Savings Bank, and at the time of his death had £19 19s to his credit. A verdict was returned in accordance with the medical testimony. Tin: CoLr.is"tnvooi> 12a>ck Octrage.—Our Mel bourne correspondent writes Alfred Beale, the third man attested for the CMHng'.vrmrl lVauk rub bery, has been clearly identified by Mr Hill, tho bank manager, and several other persons as ono ol tli s robbers. Tho " Kiverino Herald " says: -The arrest of tho young man Alfred liea'.c was much talked about in Kehuca, .13 Ins was well-known in this town, whore he until recently resided, and his wife is still a resident of '.his place. To Sergeant Wilkinson, of Kcluica, much of tho credit of the arrest is due. A telegram was rec-'ived by Serjeant Wilkinson asking particulars respecting ]ie:!li\ and tho sorgeant inVrvitiwed Bea'Ie's wife, who resides with her parents, and after some ouwevsa tinn and a cleverly devised plan, clicited from her where her husband was at the time of tho at tempted robb-jry, Mrs 15ealo statins; that he was at Golling-.vood, but that within the last few days lie had left the locality and proceeded to the re-idence of Mr James Elliott, a carter, who resides at G jld.sborough, near Dunolly, li ?ale is ;aid to have accounted for visit to Eil.otc by saying that ho had pons there for chang- of air. Tho particulars obtain"d by Sergeant Wilkinson were telegraphed to Melbourne, and Beale w.1.1 sir rtiy afterwards arrested at Goldsborough on a charge of benijr con cerned in the attempted robbery. It will b; re membered that Bealo was mixed up some time since in a case of horsestealing and perjury The Salvation Abmw—Tn accordance with the usual custom in tho Salvation \riny, the officers who are in cnnuiand of the various stations are st present making their half-yearly removals. Cap tain Pearce, who has bsen iu charge here for tl.o past six months, gees to Kynetnu, while Lieu'eo a»t Bottell will be tran- ferred to Coilingwo-id, to act with Captain Hosken. Captain Edwards, w'uo has been'Stationed at G celling, will, during tho week, assume tho charge of the Sandhurst corps Captain and Mrs Dumitan, who havo been in command of the Kaglehawk corps, are under orders for remov.il to Hawthorn, and they will he succeeded in tho model borough by Captain Spargo, of Kyneton. Special meetings 'were held on Sunday in the barracks, High-street, when the officers took leave of their soldiers. A Bov Dhownkd at Goldks-squarb.—'Yester day eveiling a lad named Carter, 15 years of age, residing in Shamrock-street, Golden-square, was drowned in the dam known as Clarke .Magee'a dam, which belongs to tho Gnribaldi Company, Ho waa bathing with another youth, who was swimming with nim and saw him sink. Up to a I.ilc hour last ni(;ht cll'oits worn bein^' made to re cover tho body, but up to 11 o'clock without mic t'.H-i. Several person" wi'.rti divinr* into llio ivalor, which is very drop tit llio spot where his companion ■it.itiH lie w:n dvowneil, The liny'a father died about tii'ii months .iffc. r.vt.r, Mai.'..--In our notice yesterday of Mr .Siiiison Parker'.! douth, it was slated tli.it I'all Mall .-it Urn time Messrs Parker and Macord skirted in bu.-inn^s in Sandhurst, was known as (J.till]> street. This is incorrect, as Pall Mall atands 011 tho lino of old Auctiou-stroot; Camp •stroet, which has completely vanished, having limm between Auctiou-atroot and tho Camp U-sorvo. ; . i \ ■ ■ • 1 ■ . , Tiik Cnov.s;—Oiir travelling roporter writes f roin enquiries made I (ihd Unit tiio getier.il aver age yield of ivho.it from nr.ni>' adjacent parishes iii 1 result in fcoriom diaippointmont Around lionrl, and from thoro to teorong Vale tho yiold Will bu about two bigs to tlio acre. I'owlett, and I I opo Creole will hardly bo ao good. Thero aro somo individual pond crops in Kiirlinif parish, which at on- time prom-sod splendidly, but when tho best of these coniu to havo boon Imaged they liavo in most instances disappointed thu high ox jiefiUlion* fanned of tliom. Mh. John' Hkculk.— liait oveniiiff Mr John ItucMii, whose, arrival in Molbouniu .1 fuiv day.1) ftijo was montiouod ill theso columns, arrived in Kandlmrst ivitli tho intention of uponding a foiv 'lays horc. Ifo li:ut Jiocn nbsoiit from Sandhurst for ii period of oight years, and that timo does not appear to bavo dealt hardly with him, judiring by his hoilthy appoanmoa, Homo time ago it was stated in a paragraph oxtractod from a homo papor that Mr Htxchlo was carrying on tho occupation of A bookmaker in .Kiii»l.nidt but ivo learn that that statement was an orror, Mr Hochle having only attended two race meetings during liia absenco fmm this city. ■! . 1 jMilitia Infantry. —Tim two companion of tlio Sandhurst dutachmont aro to assemble nt tlio Ordt rly-rdom tn-morrow at 4 o'olock, to procoed to (he Back Crook butts, for bull praetico. Tlio pay for the fivo year and ono your won has arrived, and will bo' distribntod to tlio members after parado. -Y«*«lorday ft rtotitication was received by M:ijor Ulaekham from Headquarters to tho effect (jliat tha tiring for tlio Sargood trophy would - bo flowed- against tho. skirmishing portion of tho annual course of mmkotry instruction, This is li boon which will bo appreciated by tho o members1 'whoso -tiino is 'not- tlioir own, and whoconsequently, find it; dilficult to attond; but who aro required to tiro tho anecitiod riuinbor of rounds to qualify tlicm as elfoctivos. Information was also rccuivvd that tho presenta tion of tho prizes won at .tho Into V.H. A. matchos would , tako placo at tho Town Hall, Molbourno, onTuosday, tlio 2nd Fobi nary, by His Kxcelloncy tho Governor. In connection with this Majnr Blackham has written to tho propor authorities, pointing out that as tlio: competitions for tho Sar Rood trophy and Sir William Clarke's prizo 1ms boen fixed to tako placo on tho 3rd February, tlio .going of so lliany nien'as would probably wish to attend tho presentation would seriously affect tho proper representation of the detachment, and re questing an alteration of tlio date. It is vary pro bable that tho slu^ostion will bo actjd up >n. JJkcsstiuusation at Makyhokough. — This qvcniiijr a meeting will bo hold at Maryborough to (wt'ablish a branch of tho Decentralisation Leaguo. Tin Mayorof Sandhurst, as provident of the league, will attend, and ho may boaccompanied by Mr Charles Koss. ■ : ' SANmiuRST Codsty Coubt.—The noxt sittings of the County Court at Sandhurst will bo hold on tlio 16th Fobruary. Default summonses must bo is-uind and served not lator tha i the 25th instant. Ordinary summons.s'can bo issued up to and including tho 23th instant, and served not later ' than tlio SOth instant. ! • : A Somnamiiumst Walks ■ OvKtinoARD.—Onr llolbourno correspondent writos : —A fatal case of somnambulism occurred at soa during tho voyage of tlio schooner C. C. Frank, from Fort Towiuend to this port Tho victim was a lad namod Frede rick Groper. Ho had been iu the habit of walking iu his sloop, and ono night was observed to walk overboard bofora ho cotijd ba caught. ' An attompt was mado to1 (imMiim by lowering a boat and stopping tlio vessel, but though diligent search was liiado for him no traces of him could bo discovered. On land sommmbulists frequently display an ex traordinary instinct for preserving their safoty under perilous circumstances. ■ Dkoknthamsation Lkaouk.—The usual meeting of tho local committee wis held at tho Town Hill lust ovoning. l'rosont—Tho mayor (prosidonfc), and Messrs 0. Koss, T. Kllisou, Fanl, Warren, Edwards, Hayes, J. fcl. Abbott, and Dr. H. Boyd. Tho following Iotters woro roccived :—l''rom town olork Maryborough, stating that the mooting to form Decentralisation Leaguo has been fixed for tho evening of Tuesday, lilth inst. From G. VV; Nicholson, Orbost, for particulars about tho league.: .Tho secretary had forwarded tho neces sary information. Mr l'\uil thought step? should bo taken to secure tho formation of branch loagues, and tho council, of'the lcnguoshould depute repre sentatives to w.irk up thoso leagues. A paid agent should bo appointed. Mr Ellison thought that tho oilier leading branches should undertake similar work'iii ithoir own district. Mr Hayos said ; Rodney was ono of tho iirst places in which such action should bo taken, and ho urgod immediate action. ,Ho moved that tho i first electorate in which a start: bo made to ostablish branches bo Rodney. ' It was also arranged that Ueiathcote; »Kilmoro, and probably lianeelield should be visited . within tho next fow days. Aftor tho transaction of other routine business tho, meeting closed. : Till! DbATK OP Mil S.UI30X Paiikkh. — A coronial inquiry as to tho causa of the death of Mr Siuvifon l'arker was conducted yesterday Afternoon by'-'MV li. .Strlcklanl, P.M., at tho deceased gentleman's lat.e residence, Centre Block, l?.ilt Mall." Jeannio JL'arkur deposod that tho deceased had booh confined to his bed for tho la3t 8 or 9 mouths. Ho was attended by Dr Uinchclifl. .Witness was in constant attendance on tho debeusod, and loft him in Ilia roo.n rather hotter than usual about eleven/o'clock on Saturday night last. Deceased's wife, who is blind, occupied tho samo bad. Kvorythinfr that deceased was likely to roqniro during the night was placed in its accus tomed place in tho bedroom. Witnessretircd to rest, and about an hour afterwards she hoard a thump ing noise in his room ' Witness at onco went thero, when she found that.ho was not in bod. Witness went downstairs; tho entrance to which is closo to the bedroom door, and found the deceased lying on the floor. " Mr Capowbll was called in, and Dr tlinchcliff summoued. • Tho decoased died about midday. William Capowoll, who resides near tho deco^ed's late residoiice, deposed to having been called by the la9t witness, when tho deceased foil downstairs. .With the assistance of Dr Hincheliff witness removed tlio deceased to his bedroom. Deceased novor. afterwards recovered conscious ness. DriHinchcliff deposed t hat he lmd atten ded deceased for-sOme considerable tiino, as ho wassufioriug from diabetes. 0:1 Sunday morning about half-past twelve o'clock witness was sent for, and on arrival found tho deceased lying at the foot of tho i-tairs. He was totally unconscious. Tiiero was a scalp wound two inches long over the right parietal protuberance, and several small abra sions on the right temple and down the right side of the faco. There had been considerab'e hemorrhage from the wounds. Thero was a complete lo?s of sensation over tho whole cf tho left j-id i of the body,-its well a'i complete paralysis. The cause of death was hemorrhage on the rijiht side of tho brain, probibly caused by the fall described by the previous witnesses. A vordic1; was recorded in ac cordance with tho medical testimony. : (Jolkex-sq akk Vike Hiini.MiK.—The monthly meeting of this brigade wis held Inst week, Oapt Williams in tho chair. Committee's rep -rts were received and adopted. Accounts to tlio amount of J22 2i Gd wero passed for p lyiuent. Captain ■Williams, Lieutenant, Simmons, and ox-Captain llogan, were appointed delegates rc Kastor It was decided to postp mo tho competition for medals until after the demonstration, excepting tho 0110 man's praotico. S x active members were elected and two struck oif for noii-attondance. Mr W. C. Montgomery was oleeted treasurer in placa of Mr Evan*, deceased. After some routine businoss wa3 doalt with the meeting closed. Tho members of the brigado aro iu active practice for tfc-o ensuing demonstration. Victoria ano Tasmania Conferk.nck. —'The annual conference of the Wosleyan Church in Vic toria and Tasmania will bo commencod to-day in Molbourne. Wo aro informed that the Roper oase will again be dealt with. New South Walss Water Commissioners. —'The members of tho New Sou' h Wales Water Commission at pio-ent visiting Victoria will start from lia!!arat:it twenty fivo minutes to 7 a m. to day for Cantlemaine, Malinahury and Sandhurst. To-morrow Bridgewater will be visited, the train leaving Smdhui.-t ai. a quarter p:st S am., and Hridgewater at half.pa.-t '0 a.in. On their return to Sandhurst tho party proceed, on Thursday morning, to Roohe-ster and across country to Mnr. chison, leaving Murchison at twelve minutes past 5, by the ordimry train for Melbourne. Mining Accident.—The Johnson and Wcb stor'fj. Company li:td an accideat on Saturday, through overwindit ^ in iho whim shaft. The rope was cut .and chafed where spliced and wan too largu to paes through tho pulley support*; it br-)ko, and the buckoi full down tho shaft, and knocked out como 15 or 1G of tho dividing timbers, and lodged in the shaft at about -5 foot from the svnfaec. The mining manager, Mr Wil-ou, wa? at tho 310 .feet plat, chantc'in^ a bucket on the r:^>«, when lie hoard jv tremendous noi:,e in the shaft, c uiso'i by tho do-cendiu;* timber. lie ran Inek into the plat, and thoni/h he £<>t ten feet in fiom tho shaft, ha was struck severely on tho left ;high and right knee by some o{ the dtbris. Tin: Sh uckspkiuan* Kntkktainmknt. — The Friiice^' Theatre will be r.3 opened to-ni^ht, the occa-ion htdng1 the Shakcsperian Entertainment Trjore will be no lack of variety in the programme, whi<:h ha* boon made uu so us to suit ali fastis. Besides tho Shakesperian it- in.-, to be rendered by Major P:\lliser, Messrs Fitzgerald and Dortnnn, there will be a vj?olo by M; C. H. Kichards and ?. flute tola by Mr H. K Beckett; Mr J. Pickup will one of hi< b-jst clinic songs, and Mc-rTj (t. I). Watson, Walter Bradley, Frank M icob >y and Frank Gerald will iill up one of the pri^rammc-s of it* kind jfiven in Sand hurst for some months. A very lar^o number of tickets have a'ready been di>po>ed of, and with ro many well-known favorites appearing- there r-bou^.d be a crowded hou3C\ The box pi in is at JOvar.-^ ns usual, and the business manager is M; Wm M4Mahon. Y/o have to jvknov.l jil/o tlio receipt of the lustra lir.u Ailrmce A^urunrv Ooiiip.iiiy's-jilmnn ick forthr? year, It is very ]t:indsouiuly illiuniu.itcd, and wt'li '.rot "p. Mr JJ. K. G. W. Aii'lrc-.vs- announces that ho will iv cjxvo names of iutendini: pupil* during the pre^ut v.i'.'I: at Mr Evans* music wurohouso, Pall Mall. Mcsst". Martin, Cu'scn P.nd Co. nro a::n.«uucod to sell by public auction ou the ;trd of February JS? aero* or* laiVl, ttie farm of Air James Si-.'.varr, situated at \Vnr:ui-4.^. Mo--r.-. IIjIimo.% Vrbi'o and Oo. v/ill sol! t >day, at Call ill's stoic, opposite Mittchet/diii Haririvavi.ii.stiC'o!-, • superior household furniture :iud general elfccts, in eluding n. piano by linns UicuUjr. The sale will be bold a.t elewn o'clonic. J Duties will In? resumed nt the Masonic Hall ou Tues day next. The subjects Uu-bt .are ■ English, Preu'cb, ' German, music, dra*rin'D'. : - - j Mrs. Parker, formerly of Barnard-street, now irives j Icaoom* in poonih nu»I other painting at her rooid-iiice 1 1 Wattlo Lane, »c.\r lijxrnard-strcet. 