Tales and Sketches. A Barrack Ghost Story. 11 Pbibohbb, have you any objection to bo tried by mo as president, or by any member of this court martialasked the field officor who had been detailed for the duty of presiding over the court. ' "Ho, sir," I answered) for it was my most unenviable situation that morning to be brought to the court room for trial, having been " put hack" by my commanding officer a few days before on a charge of having been asleep on my post while on sentry, an offence charac tised on my indiotment as >T conduct in pre judice to good order and military discipline." The membere composing the court were then aworn, and the trial proceeded in the cumbrous fashion peculiar to military tribunals, the presi dent laboriously writing down every word of the evidence as it was uttered. Tho Berg? ant who had been been in charge of the guard at the time of my alleged offenoe was the principal witness against me, and he began to describe, with grotesquely uogrammatical volubilty, how he had found me stretched on the ground asleep; but was at once pulled up short by the president, who ordered him to say what he had to say in as few words as possible. " iff as the prisoner sober?" asked one of the officers, when the sergeant had finished his evidence. " Quite sobrr, sir," replied the man of stripes The men who e imposed the relief having corroborated the sergeant's statement, I was called upon fir my defence. 1 therefore narrated to the conrt that shortly before my two hoars on dnty had expired, I saw a white figure carrying a drawn sword pass close to my post; and that, being of a nervous-excitable temperament, I was so frightened that I fell to the ground in an un conscious state, and odIj recovered when I was roused by the sergeant of the guard. "Prisoner," remarked the president, " in my SO years' experience of the army, I have served on numerous courts-martial, aud have heard all kinds of ingenious defences put forward by men in your present position in excuse of tbo offences with which they were charged; but your !'"« of defence is ths most remarkable that his corns under my observation. Who, do you think, will credit a story of that description ? Assuredly, not I, for one. Bow, prisoner," continued the major, in a kindly tone, " I muit advise jou that your action in submitting to the court a statement of that description is extremely injndieion*. You will do jourself a pos tire injury by psrseveriug in it, not only with regard to the prohihle extsnt o£ your punish ment, but also to. jour reputation as a soldier. It will be far better for jon simply to own that you were asleep. You are a young man who has served but six months in the regiment; so, under the circumstances, assuming that you adopt my suggestion, which is assuredly meant for your good, the court may think fit consist ently with the duty demanded of it by the hard and fast requirements of military law, to re commend a much lighter senteuco of imprison ment than would be administered to an older and more experienced member of the service." "I can only tell the troth," I urged. " That, then, is your defence—that you were frightened by the figure you saw ?" asked the officer, in a tone o! vexation. '• That is my defence, sir," I replied. "Very well," said the president, writing down my statement. " Yscort, remove the prisoner. 8top! About his cnaractcr ? Call the captain of his company." My captain, answering the summons, etafed that my conduct had been most exemplary, after which I received the command "Left torn, quick march!" and was removed to the guardroom; and the members of the court martial began their deliberations on the dura tion of the period of imprisonment_which they meant to administer to me. I shall now re'ate the facts in connection with the appesranco of the " figurs" before alluded to. At 1 o'clock oa the morning of my arrest, I was posted on sentry in front of a wall which hid been built on the face of a cliff over hanging the beach. Why that paiticular spot required guarding, when any attempt on the part of a soldier to bresk out of bsrra-ks would be equivalent to committing suicide, as the lock bad a sheer unbroken descent of 150 feet, was a matter of puzzling sacculation to the men of all the regiments which in turn occupied tbo quarters I refer to. A tradition, however, which was retailed to mo by an sged vetsr.n who officiated as a barrack labourer, threw some light on the subject. Many i ears before, the colonel of a regiment which was about to leave tho town in order to embark for India, placed a sentry on the epot, to prevect his men from throwing orer the cliff tho rubbish that accumulates in changing quarters; and the re lieving regiment finding this man on duty, had had supplied hie place without troubling them selves about the why and wherefore; the post became in consequence a permanent institution, and a scntiv guards the wall to thii day. The morning on which I was on guard was exceedingly cold and frosty. The moon shone brightly, throwing the dark shadow of the adjoining officers' quarters h »lf-way across tho parade ground in front In the valley beneath I could see distinctly every gable and chimney of the houses of tho old fashioned town that nestled so cosily in the hollow between the precipitous cliffs. The moon was rsflccted brightly in tb's ocean to the south, and by its light I could even seo the glittericg bayonet of the sentry who guarded the Government stores on the pier, a mile dis tant. Our gallant soldiers on duty, however, wearying l— - . vigil and little inclined to admire tho sur rounding sorcery. At lengih the clock struck 3 and I was at once GUed with a feeling of oheery satisfaction at the immediate prOBpectof being relieved and of returning to the warm guard-room and drinking a oup of hot coifee before turning off to sleep. I hotrd the sentry on the gate lugtil; ehout "Sentry got" as a summons for tho relief to turn out| and just as I was preparing to take a last turn on m; post, I perceived, at the ex tremity of the shadow oast by the officers' quarters, a ghostly figure in a long white robe, j bearing in its hand a drawn sword. I en deavoured to shout for assistance, but was so "harrowed with fear and wonder," that I was unable to articulate a single word, but stood perfectly transfixed, staring at tho apparition, it moved slowly past me, but when it turned round and raised its disengaged hand to its white head- covering, as if in salute, its atpoct so filled me with terror, that being, as I men tioned before of a nervous temperament, 1 fell to the ground, and only recovered consciousness when, a minuto or two afterwards, 1 was vigorously shaken up by the sergeant of the guard. That non-commissioned officer, along with tho men of the relief, laughed beartily wbeu I described the fright I had received, and re marked that I had been dreaming The ser geant, however, performed the duty required of him by the rules of discipline in a most , inexorable fashion. He deprived me of my arms and belts, and confined me in the prisoners' quarters in the guardroom. 5cxt day, I was taken before the command ing officer, a hot-headed Welshman, whom 1 shall call Colonel Morgan, charged with having been asleep at my post. To him I related par ticulars of the mysterious figure I had seen; but my statement, instead of proving a satis factory excuse for my offeuce, as I hoped it would,- threw the oolouel into a state of great indignation, and he at once remitted me for trial by court-martial. On the third day after the sitting of the court, I was informed that my sentence would be promulgated at forenoon psrado. With a sinking heart, I heard the " assembly" sounded, then the " fall iu and shortly afterwards tte band played merrily, as if in mockery of my agitation. .Escorted by a fi'e of the guard, I marched to the centre of the hollow square ihto which the [ regiment had been formed ; and the adjutant read out my sentence, which was that I should be imprisoned with hird labour for a period of 8k days. Appended to the confirmation of tho proceedings of the jcourt-martial by tho general commanding the district was a note to the fol lowing effect: "Considering the nature of the ! prisoner'adefence, which waa calculated to excite an uneasy feeling among the mon of bis regi ment, I consider the punishment inflicted quite inadequate to the enormity of his offence " The next day I was escorted, handcuffed, to a military prison about six miles distant, where, after being medically examined and weighed. I was introduced to a most select assemblage of erring brethren of the sword, .who wero en gaged in the exhilaratiug occupation of picking oakum, alternated with the agreeable muscular exercise of "shot"-drill. } The humiliating and degrading situation in which I found myself, through no fault of my own, made me, naturally enough, deeply regret my folly in having joined theatmj, and excited within me unpleasant reflections oa the good prospect* in civil life which I hed thrown to the winds. like Mickey Free's father, in Lever's " Charles O'Malley," I heartily ejacu lated, "Bad luck to the hand that held the hammer that struck the shilling that listed me!" Now for tho sequel to my ghost story, which was related to me when X was released from durance vile. Between 2 and 3 o'clock ou the morning of the day after X was taken to prison, a man came screaming into the guardroom of the barracks, exhibiting eymptons of the most extreme terror, and declaring that he, too, had seen the figure while ou sootry; and his description of i'.s appearance wsb precisely similar to mice. The sergeant of the guard at once ruahed to the officers'quarters, woke up th< adjutant, and informed him of the ghost'a reappearance. A hue-and-cry wsa at once instituted, and the orderly sergeants having bren roused, a " check roll" was called, to ascertain whether any man had left his room for the purpose of playing a practical joke. Every nook and cranny in barracks, from the officers' quarters to the waehtouses, were rigidly examined; but the spectre had apparently vanished into thin air, leaving all the regiment in a state of unpleasant suspense. " What's ail the row? " shouted the Colonel from the window of his room, he having been, awakened by the unusual commotion in bar racks. " The ghost has appeared again, sir," replied the adj .tant. " Have you caught him ? " " Xo, sir " "If you do, put him, white sheet and all, in the guardroom. X should very much like to see the gentleman," remarked the Colonel, as he clored the sash of his window, and returned to bad. That morning, at orderly hour, Colonel Mor gan remitted the unfortunate fellow who, like me, had been scared by the mysterious visitant, for trial by court martial, declaring thit he would put an effectual check on theso absurd fancies of the sentries; and immediately before tbo usual parade he delivered a most charac teristic warning on the subject. After describing ths condign punishment which any oroctioal joker, whether officer or private, might expect if caught in tho act of playing tho ghost, the commanding officer furiously exclaimed, '• When a soldier is on duly, I ex pect ho will stick to his post even sup posing the Evil One himself should mako his apsearir.ee; and I will try by court-martial any man who dares to act contrary to my express injunctions. That afternoon, however, when the guard mounted, the adjutant privately gave orders that the eldest soldier should be detailed for th# second relief on the haunted post; and ] this eelection fell on a brawny, Vorkehiwman, a Crimean and Inoian veteran, named By«». Svkee at once intimated it ae hie intention to hare a ehot at the epectre ; and bting filled with a superstitious belief in the efflcaoy ot a •fiver bullet when fleed at a vmtor from the world of spirits, rowed that he would hammer up his day's pay of sixpence and place it m a cartridge, to make sure of "doing for the ghost, even although he knew the operation referred to would spoil the price of a quart 01 The sergeant of the guard having seriously inquired of the adjutant, whether, in the event of the figure again making its appearance, the sentry would be empowered to fire at it, 1 think not," the officer laughingly observed. "If it is a real ghost, then I'm afraid a bullet won't bo of much servioe. If it is a practical joker, tben we'll make it " hot" enough for him without shooting him." That evening at mess, the apposranoe of the spectre was tho goneral theme of conversation among the officers; but all of them, however, expressed their incredulity with regard to the story. A few of the youngsters, whose ourioudty was strongly exci ed on the subject, made up their minds to keep watoh beside the sentry, bo as to pounce on the spirit when it made ite appearane, and arranged to take with the ma pet bulldog belonging to the Colonel, to assist in the operation. "Won't you join us sir?' asked a young ensign, addreasii-g the commanding officer. " X think not," he replied, " I am tired, and shall go to bed. If you catch the ghost—which I suspect is likely to be one of the men—clap him in irons, 'and put him in a cell. I'll attend to bim to morrow. When Colonel Morgan left the xnessroom, he visited the haunted post before retiring to his quarters, which were close at hand. After replying to the sentry's challenge, he aBked dykes, "Have you seen anything as yet!" 11 Not yet, sir," replied the man. "I don't think that it is likely you will either," remarked the Colonel, with a laugh, ob he retired to bis room. Shortly afterwards, when the dock struck two, the young cdicers left tho xnessroom, and cautiously stolo over tae barrack square to tho place wht.ro " the spirit held his wont to walk." Pocr dykes wm very glad of thoir company ; for, though he was a man of undoubted pluck, and greatly respected in the regiment for his pugilistic prowess, he was not at all bright at the prospect of tackling the ghost all by himself. He- paced about on his post, keeping a sharp lookout, and tbc officers crouched under the shadow of the wall j while the dog took up its quarters in the sentry-box. A littlo before 8, they were startled by the abrupt appearance of the apparition, whicu carried as before a drawn sword. " Who comes there ?' shouted Sykei, bring ing his rifle to the "charge." The spectre made no answer, but slowly raised ite left band to ite forehead. The dog, with a loud growl, sprang out of the box. and rushed open-mouthed at the figure; but when he approached it, he began to wag his tail, and evinced symptoms of great satisfaction. The officers and the sentry at once surrounded the ghost, and found, to their most intense astonishment, that it was no other than Colonel Morgan himself, attired in his nightdress, in a state of somnambulism! Aware of the danger of waking him while in that condition, they followed him to his room, whither he almost immediately returned, and there they saw him sheathe his sword and return to bed ' seemingly oblivious of their presence. Next morning, he was apprised of the cir cumstances of the case; and the poor Colonel was naturally very much concorned on learn ing the nature of the malady of which he had been an unconscious victim. Of course nis first action was to write ao explanation to the General, with a request for my release j and bis next, to publish iu regimental orders his regret for the trouble he had unwittingly occasioned. 8everal red taps formalities had to be gone through; and it was some days before I was astonished and delighted by an intimation i from tbe priion governor that 1 was free, and was handed over to the charge of a corporal, who had been sent to bring me to my regiment. When I entered the barracks, I was ordered to proceed at once to the commanding officer's j quarters. Colonel Morgan shook hands with me, aod expressed his oxtrome concern that he bad been tbe innocent causo of my having been subjected to such ignominy. "No wonder that 1 irighteced you, my; lad," he observed, with a smile. After inform ing me that he was about to proceed on lcavo —with the intention of undergoing a course of medical treatment to cure him oL his danger ous propensity to walk in his sloep—he pre sented me with £5 by way of solatium; and further gratified mo by saying that having ascertained X was of good character and well esucat.-d, he had that day placed me in orders as having been appointed lance-corporal. "Always Dehave younelf, my lad, and I shan't forget you," said tho Colonel; and I left his quarters perfectly overjoyed with my good luck, scarcely believug that tho pleasant, affable, kindly gentleman with vhom I h.d conversed was the hsctoriug, buhying qom m&nder;, who was the terror of his regiment. Tho Colonel faithfully kept his word to me. When ho rejoined the corps, completely cured of his complaint, I was promoted ripidly ; and eight yours subsequently, through the inlluenoe of my patron, General Morgan, I was gazotted us quartermaster of my regiment. A Possible CATAsrnornE.—" My dear," said a frightened husband in tho middle of tho night, shaking his wife, "where did you put that bottlo of strychnine"On the shelf next next to the pepperment." ^ "Oh, dear," he groaned, "I've swallowed it." "Well, for goodness' sake," whispered tho wife, "keep quiet, or you'll wake the baby." 