THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) progression, «trit manid, and ouu itssou&csa.; SANDHURST, MONDAY, SEPT. G, 1SS6 THE IRRIGATION BILL. The manner in which tho bill for promoting irrigation is being discussed in- the Assembly cannot bo considered at all satisfactory, and a perusal of the debates upon it,force one to the conclusion that there are very few men in the House who hayo grasped even the bare outlines of what a comprehensive irri gation policy means to the welfare of this colony. Some are decidedly hostile to the measure, whilo others are either carelessly or callously indifferent to its fato, and the attitude of a large majority neems to be guided by not how will this benefit the country, but, what is the opinion of their constituents on the matter. Mombers on the whole seem to fail to grasp the national aspect of the question ; and are dealing with it in a parish vestry kind of mannor, not at all creditablo to their reputation for states manship. The members for " wet" dis tricts, as the Chief Secretary once termed them, see in irrigation a factor that will take away from their constituencies the monopoly of production they have hitherto enjoyed, and the members for the large goldliolds, forgetful of the groat benofits that have accrued to their districts from the employment of State funds in water conser servation and distribution, are driving the hardest bargain they can with the districts now famishing for a water supply. They forget the enormous prices that have ruled for the past nine mouths for .all kinds of farm and dairy produce, and the tax thereby laid on their constituents, and that, unless our rain fall is conserved and distributed over the surface of the colony, sucIl a state of things will bo liable to obtain at any time. Though wo do not consider the question of free grants a vital one so far as irrigation is concerned, nor absolutely necessary to the success of the irrigation movemont, yet their absolute rejection by the Assembly the other night cannot be considered as creditable to the House, and the strictures of the hon. W. Madden,contrasting tho attitude of min ing members on tho irrigation question with that of country mombers on the prospecting vote, were incisive and to the point. For what has the Coliban been to tho Castlemaine, Maldon, and Sandhurst districts but almost a free grant. The revonue derived is merely one and a quarter per cent. 011 the cost of tho works, and yet the Government, realizing not the cost, but tho national aspect of the question, are now spending £20,000 more for tho purpose of bringing a better supply to the higher levels. The Bullarat waterworks though paying interest now, did not do so for many years, and that district would not now have had a supply had tho local aspect of the matter only been taken into consideration. Not a member now in the House but advocatod irrigation when last before his constituents, and tho time has now arrived ' when, if this colony is to keep in the van, a com prehensive and national scheme must bo ndoptod. Tho point raised that the prosent bill commits the country to an expenditure of money is quite beside tho mark. It merely enables schemes to bo brought before tho House for its approval, after being asked for by tho residents of the districts interested. and the discussion of the amount to be expended can very well bo left till the schemes are before the House. The schedul ing of works in this bill is thcrcforo palpably absurd, and though a few members, who should have known better, insisted 011 this being done, the House on the whole, we are glad to see, was against them. The adoption of a scheme of irrigation by which the land from the Goulburn to the Avoca will be watered, is of the greatest possible benefit to Sandhurst. This city is, and must bo for ge.ierations, the metropolis of tho north of tlio colony, and increased production in tho northern plains means the outlay of the value of that production bore, and the investment of much of it in our minos. By the adoption of irrigation tho plains from Murchiseu to Goornong, then west to Yallook, Durham Ox, and the Avoca, will yield four, five, or tenfold. What is keeping Ballarat up now but tho agriculture that is around it ? And if our gold drops oil' here (and though we see 110 reason to fear that will happen,it is within tho bounds of possibility), without agriculture is fostered 011 tho land to the north the result would be most disastrous to this district. With athrivingagricultural population round about us, wo will have a backbone of prosperity that will endure through all tho lips and downs of our mining prospects, and give a permanent stability to this district of Ben digo. We trust, though in opposition, our members will look at this question in no party light, but give the bill now before Parliament a generous and hearty support, aa by so doing they will not only benefit the colony at large, but tlieir own district in particular. The Ekgu.sk Mail.—The R.M.S.S, Ganges, from Colombo, arrived at Albany yesterday. Caulk iNTEitnurriON.—The Electric: Telegraph Department announce? that cable communication with Europe is entirely broken. Gold, Calls and Dividends.—'The gold re turns for the week are Rood, the total being fully 4.150 ozs. It looks like old times to see the Gar den Gully United Loading tho board with 5S9 ozs, but a gno i portion of it was frcm platen. The Johnson's had 354 ozs; Catherine, 242 ozs, and South Devonshire 201 ozs. Among the amalgam yields were two excellent yields—Old Chum, 521 ozs, and New Beehive, G15 ozs. Tho dividenis amount to the substantial sum of £7,275 17e, the companion being Johnson^, 2s; Garden Gully United and United Devonshire, Is each; Hustler's Reserve and Extended South Devonshire, G 1 each In addition, the South_ Devonshire directors may possibly declare a dividend at their mooting oa Tuetday. Although " Ghost Wednesday" occurs next Wednesday the calls made during tho week only amount to £1,2G2 10s. Eicht Hours in Mines.—Mr A. S. Bailes, M.L.A., recently i-ddre-sed lotters to the various 1 gal managers of mining companies through, ut tho colony, asking for information as to the num ber of hnu-s per day worked in miues. We understand that he has received replies from a largo number of managers, and at a committee meeting of tho Miners' Association c .lied for Saturday evening it was decided to have printed a prccii of these replies, which ha3 been prepared by Dr Quick and Mr Bailes. Members of the Legis lative Council will bo furnished wiih copies of tho printed document, and tho information therein contained will no doubt ba of servico to them dur ing the consideration of Mr Bailes' Eight Hours Bill. We understand that tho replies received by Mr Bsilos show that tho eight hours system is more generally observed in Sandhurst than on any other goldfield in tho colony. Licensixo Cocbts.—The quarterly meetings of tho following Lii easing Courts will bo held before Mr R. Strickland, chairman, and Messrs Q'Meara and Campbell, P. Ms:—At Swan Hill, this morn ing at 10 o'clock ; at Kerang ou Wednesday at 10 a.m; and at Pyramid Hill oa Thursday at the tame hour. The court for the Central Sandhurst group, which will be pmided over by His Honor Judge Worthington, chairman, and Messrs S trick and and Campbell, F.Ms, will tit at Uni-lohinvk in Tuesday, tlio 14th, at 10 ::nd at t ho Sand mrst Supreme Court on the following day at the mine hour. It is uxpected that the sitting of the icurt here will er.tona over one dny, as thore i» a : ••.nMdarablc amount of business to bo transacted. Amongst the cases set down for hearing are u irain ior of application* for compensation by publicans who have decided to surrender thoic licenses in itead of complying with the accommodation ilauses. Tim Customs' Rkvknor.— Tho Customs' revenuo for tlio first two months of the present Inaiicialyoar (says tho "Argus") ia somewhat jver the Treasuier'a estimate, accoidiag to which the avenge monthly receii.tu weio g-ugod at BISIi.-lSO. The amount collected during the month of'July was £1S1,017, winch was £2,-ltiX loss than tho estimate, but this deficiency was con iidernbly raoro than counterbalanced l.y the August returns, which readied Ilia aum of H2L3,QS3, so thnt for tho two months th>) total re turns are £2!),003 to the good. Chief Ci.xhk of Tn'solvenuv.— Mr T. F. P. Western has been appointed chief clerk of tlio Court of Insolvency for tho midland insolteucy district, mid sheriff's substitute at Inglewood vice Mr M. S. Clurk, who his been relieved an! trans ferred to Shepparton during tho absence of Mr R. lias also boon appointed registrar of tho County Court, clerk of tho Court of Mines, clerk of Patty Sessions, and warden's clerk at Inglowood vicc Mr M. S. Clark. A SxiiKKT Disturbance. — A correspondent writ'js: —A disgraceful row occurred in liar groaves-st.-cot east on I'Viday evening between four larrikinessos, which was kept up for an hour, during which time language of tho filthiest des c:iptiuii was made uje of, aud, as u ual in such cases, there wore no police to bo seen. It ij to be hoped they will inquire into tho mattor so aa to put a stop to such disgraceful scones in future. DsPAKTOnK OK A MlNIKG MANAGER. — Mr Kliahii Tippctt, tho well-known mining manager, for many years at tho Lady Barkly mine, will leave Sandhurst to-day en route for Tasmania, whero ho has been appointed to take charge of a now ventmo at Hill Creek. Mr Tippott's many frionds will wish him success in his now sphere. Skn'Sational Alarm.—About 8 o'clock last evening tho people around the neighborhood of Specimen Hill woie somewhat startled by a loud whistle from the Tambour Major mine which attracted a number of people to tho spot, thinking there was an accidont. It appears, however, that the pumps wore not working properly, and tho whistle was sounded to apprise the manager, who rosidos noar the claim, of tho fact. Victorian Militia.—A notico appears iu another column that for the future the moinborsof the Saudhurst detachment are to drill at tho now Orderly Koora, and that until further notico A mi B companies will assemble on Friday ovonings for musketry instruction, in place of one compmy drilling on tho Monday ^ind tho other on the Fri day On Saturday last a coinmoucemsut wis made in removing tho etoies to tlia now Orderly room, and certainly not too soon, for during tho past few years die old pismires havofallou greatly into disrepair, and quite unfit for tho s ifo storage of the largo quantity of Government property alnays on hau i. Another groat advantage gained will be tho increased size of the drill room, a want that has boon felt ever tinco tho now forco was organized. In tiie now quarters thero is every requisite convenience. Tnere aro separate rooms for tho various officers and noncommiBsio.ied officers, also a large sitting-room and an office. Another good feature is, that the moment tho mon leave tho drill-room they will bo upon tho parade ground, the ontiro spaco of tho Agricultural Show Grounds being available for drill purposes, and that, should tho weather become inclement, the force can bo at onco marched into the room, where thoro h space enough to dtill moderately- sized companies in battalion movements. It is tho intention of tho officer commanding to make tho now premises as attractive as possiblo for the members, aud an effort will be made shortly to supply tho sitting roam with periodicals aud tho dailj papers, also chess and othor games. This, of course, will bo after tho close of the necessary drill, when gas will bo allowed in the BiUing-room for a certain time each evening tho detachment moita for dqll. Altogether tho change will be for tho better, and will, no doubt, be appreciated by the members generally, In'sdltinq Behavior.—Oil Saturday afternoon CjnstaMo Walsh arrested a notorious character named Mary Aun Cleinson for insulting behavior in Dowlingstreet. She will appear at tho City C 'Urt this morning. Shirk ok Gordon Tenders.—Our travelling re porter writes:—Contractors shr.uld bear in mind that tenders for very important works are invited by the Gordon f-'hire Council, which ure return able to tbe shire aecrotaiy at Watson's Pyramid Hotel as late as Thursday next, the SHh fr'cptcm bar, at 10 o'clock p.m. Plans and specifications may ba soon at the secretary's i thee, Durham Ox, previous to that date. The principal work is a timber bridge over the Avoca River at Gleuioth, which has to bo c instructed jointly by the shires of St. Arnaud and Gmdon. The bridge in ques tion has long been greatly noeded, as hitherto traffic to the Glenloth station, from tho Gordon side of tho water course, has had to bo taken a long way round to cross oither at Charlton or Fort Cameron, and tho completion ■ f the structure in timo for tho produce of next harvest will prove a real boon to the farmors. Assault inc. the Police.—About ton o'clock on Saturday evening, whilst on duty in Pall Mall, Constable Meahan was assaulted by a young man named Robert Jackson alias Simpson, who c*me up behind tho constable and without any warning struck him a severe blow on tho head with his fist. The accusod, who appeared to bo under tho influ ence irf dtiuk, was then arrested by Constable Meshan, who experienced somo difficulty in takine him to the lockup. Jackson was afterwaida bailed out in one surety in £20 to appear at the City Court this mornir.g. City Police Court.—Messrs M. Run loll and R. B. Anderson, Js P., presided ou Saturday. A drnnkard was fined 5s, or, in default, 24 hours in gaol. Catherine Murphy, charged with insulting behavior in Dowling-street, w.ts lined 40s; or, in default, one mouth's impiisonment. Constable Riloy statod that when he arrested tho prisoner she was wanting to fight another woman. An-ie Nugent was lined 40s, or 14 days' imprisonment, for being drunk and disorde ly in Dowling.street Tho caso against James Dull for unlawful assault on James M'Nainara was postponed for one weok on the application of Mr llornbuckle, who ap peared for DufT. Bail was allowed in the same amount as previous y—viz, one kureLy of i200 and himself in L'200 The court thon adjourned. Railway Amuulance Class.—The result of the examination of the above c'ass was made known on Thursday, when it was fouud that 14 out of tho 15 who presented themselves for ex amination wore successful in parsing. Tho highest honors were obtained by Messrs Hickey, Train, Stewart aud Ash, who all passed with credit, tho other fucceasful csndidatcs being Messrs Noonan, Botts, M iroy, Murray, Meltor, Mitchell, J. H. Read, Haverlioid, Tickell and (Join. Tho result reflects groat credit ou Dr P.in fold, who was untiring in his efforts to enlighten tho members on anything that would bonefit them in any way. The uucaossful candidates will re ceive thoir certificates at the next moating of the St John Ambulanco Board. Protection of Native Game.—According to a proclamation in last Friday's " Government (JazeHt)," tho outlaw, lauuhi.ie jackass, magpie, magpie lark, and mopoke, have been included in a now schedule of the measure, entitled "An Act to Protect Game," which will take effect ou and aftor the 1st Soptember instant, the second schedule of the Act referred to, which enacted that the birds or animals named therein should bo protected from the 1st Auitust to the 30th November in oach voir. having beon revoked. SriuTai'iKLDsAvn Council—A special meeting of tho above council was held at the Town Hall Hotel on Saturday afternoon, for the purpose of accepting tenders for various works ill tho shire The following tenders were accepted:—Gravelling and clearing about 180 chain* from IlArgreaves' cr»ss:nf[ to Pilchor's corner, parish of Ljal, And rew Simpson, £21. Cuttins down hill, forming, metalling, etc, about IS chains, Upp.'.r Kiira road, known as Coiiway'a hill, M.itthow WaUh, £!4'J (is fid. Forming and metalline; about 38 chains from Schultz'a towards Holmes', paiish of Strathfield saye, Henry Home, £217 15-1. Metalling about 21 chains from a point onSlaughtiryard Hill towards tho Bull's Head, parish of Sandhurst, J. Laue, £ 3 lis. Procuring, breaking and spreading about 1QJ yards (2.J inch) metal, from the centre of tho stony 'uridgo L'oing west, parish of Axodalo, Johu Haw kins, £35 0i8d Cr O'K-jefe Euggestod that in a:l future contracts for metal, the quantity should h ' stated in tho spocificationa. The council then ad journed. Recognition of Services.—The hon. D G. Sterry brought under the notice of the com mittee of the Agricultural Society on Saturday afternoon the valuable services of Mr W. Spark man (of the Lyceum stores), who, for years past, although not a member of the committee, has succeeded in obtaining a large amount in dona tions in aid of the society. He thought that they should recognise Mr Sparkman's services in some way. On the motion of Mr J. C. Stamp, it was unanimously decided that Mr Sparkman be presented with a hon. life member's ticket. The Vegetable Products Commission.—On Saturday Mr H. M. Maiks received a nu nber of copies of the second progress report of the Royal Commission on vegetable products. They contain nrnutes of the evid^nco taken atBallarat and up country towns, which is very interesting to those engaged in farming pursuits. The copies are for distribution among^c th-ipe interested. Engine dbiveks' Association. — Tho usual weekly meoting of the Bendigo br.inch was held on Saturday evening, at Hansen's Beehive Hotel. Mr C. Morgan (tho president) was in tho chair, and there was a good attendanco of members. The business, which was only of a formal character, having been got through, the meeting closed. The Prisoner Garside.—Last week tho man Garsido, who was recently sentenced to imprison ment at tho Sandhurst Aisize Court for s'oalincr 32 half-sovereigns, was taken down to Melbourne by Constable Hogan of this city in company with Guaran, who also was sen'enced to imprisonment for arson. When on the Melbourne station plat form, Hogan was making inquiries abmt the department of soma train, and Garside, watching his opportunity, slipped tho handcuffs and bolted. Hogan having seen him at once started in pursuit, and after a Bhort run, secured him. Guaran also raiasd the alarm when Garside ran. Wksleyan Chuuch, Forest strict.—Ths Rev J. P. M'Cann couduclei divine service at this church yesterday morning. In tho evening the Rov John Watsford officiated, and selected his text from a portion of tho 2nd vcreo, 6th chapter, of 2nd C.irinihiatis—" Behold now is the accepted time and now is the day of salvation." On both occasions there wore good congregations, notwith standing tho unf ivorablo state of the weather. West Sandhurst Pbesdytekian Church.— Tho Rev Mr Davidson, of Geelocg, officiated at this church yesterd.'.y morning, and delivered an interesting discourse on "Theyear of Jubilee," taking as his text Loiiticaa, 25th chapter, 2/th verse. The pastor of the church, tho Rov J. Hunter Potter, occupied tho pulpit in tha oven, ing, nod notwithstanding that he was suffering from ti sororo cold, proached on oloquont sermon from Hebrews, 11th cluiptor, 2!>th verso— " Choosing rather to suffer affliction with the children of God, than to eojoy the pleasures of sin fo.-a season." Considering the inelomeut atrvte of the weather, thara was a goo;! congregation. Rescued Sisters' Sale of Gifts.—Saturday niA-ht was the last of the sale of gifta in aid of the above so fur as the sale of gifts is concerned. Tilo attendance was greater than on any of tho preced ing nights, and about £30 was taken. A concert was givon at which Mrs Jones, Miss Sheppard, Miss M'Intyro and Mesars Tavenor and Brown, contributed music.I selections. To-night there will be a monster meeting in tho thoatio, wlion Colonel liatkor, Adjutaet Voale, Staff-officer Russoll, Captain Albiston and the district otlioers are expected to bo present. Tiik Stoiiy of a Nuckjkt.—Mr 0. W. Lani; treo, Secretary for Mine*, in his roporfc for tlio quarter unJod June, just issued, refers to mi incident, which ho says placoa tli3 mining iu d n a try in a fivovabb light, as compared with farming. Mr Jjangtroo writes : —The celebrated " Welcome" nugget—the largest cvor found in Victoria—was discovored by two miners named Richard Oats and John Desoux, ut Bakory Hill, lJallarafc, on tho 11th June, 1858. It wjighod 2,195 ozs, and was sold for £10,500. Dfinoux in vested hia share of tho proceeds in farming, at which he lost everything ha possessed; and ho is now engaged in constricting a puddling machine at Moliagul, with a view of onco moro engaging iu mining pursuits. That ho will unearth another ' Welcome' uuggot is scarcely to bo expected, but n hope may be expressed that Dame Fortune, who smiled on him as a minor, will withdraw her rocont frowns, now that he is about to rosumo his former occupation." The real facts of the case arj ns follow Tlio Welcome nugget" weighing 2,217 ozs 1G dwts, wa3 found by a party of twenty four miners at Bakery Hill, Balhuat, at a depth of 180 feet, on tho 15th June, 185S. Tho largest nugget known--'" Th-i Welcomo Stranger "—was found in the neighborhood of Dunolly, on the 5th February, 18U9, by John Doason and Richard O.ites. It weighed 2,2S0 ozs 10 dwts M grs. It was discovorcd within two foot of tho bed rock, in louao gravelly s.jil, rostiug on stiff red clay on Bull-dog teef. It was baroly covered with oarth. It is said that Messrs Deason and Oates invested their money in land ; and the story of ouo Desoux making a puddling machine at Aloliagul, is por haps amusing, but in what way is his puddling machine connected with tho discovery of tho two nuggets ? BARLOW'S ENTERTAINMENT. — The inimitable Barlow gave his second performance in the Masonic Hall on Saturday evening to a good audience. The first part of the programme con- sisted of sleight of hand tricks by Professor Sylvester and Marie La Roache, some of which were very cleverly done, and at the conclusion were loudly applauded. In the second part Bar- low appears in his drawing-room entertainment, in which he renders a number of songs in a pleas- ing manner. The Fakir of Oolu then introduces his entranced lady, who is at first supported by two swords, but at the conclusion all supports are taken away, and she is apparently left in mid air. The lime light tends to tnake this scene very pretty. The performance concludes with Barlow character illustrations. Miss Farman, of Kangaroo Flat, acted as pianists in a very efficient manner. This evening is the last one of the entertainment and it is announced that Barlow will sing the famous "Blue tail'd fly." Victorian Male Assistant Teachers' Associ ation.—Tho following is an extract from tho re port of tho above association, read at tha recent annual mooting iu MelbournoTowards the close of tho past year soino of the Sandhurst assistants made ovoitn.es to join us in a body, with suitable representation on the committee of the association. Nothing definite in this direc tion has yet boon decided. However, it is to bo hoped that satisfactory arrangements may be completed during the coming year. Tho ex pediency of further action is manifest; for there aro rainy mutual advantages to be derived from the perfection of such a scheme, not the least of which is tho eage nejs with which tho association ha", on more than one occasion, expressed its willingness to defray the expousos of any momber against whom a vexat'ous or unfounded chargo is maliciously preferred. Boards of Advice.—Mr Daniel Wood has been appointed a member of the School Board of Advico for the borough of Heathcote, No 33, and Mes-rs A. Brulin, J. Cook, A. Fox, \V. Grieffon hagen, and J. Paton have been appointed mem bers of tho School Board of Advice for the Strathfieldsaye Riding of the Shire of Strath fieldsayo, No 241. Mr. S. Dickie, draper of centre block, Pall Mall, in announcing a display of spring goods, invites attention to the cheapness of his prices, and to the large number of novelties ee has received. A slight error occurred in our report of Tattorsall's evidence at tho inquest upon MacNamara ou Friday. Ho was made to say in answer to a question put by a juryman :—" There was a young wan named Jackson present atUufl's Hotel]when I saw tliedeceasod there." This should have read, u There was no young man, eic." Wo have been informed by Mr. Phillips, secretary of the Bcndixo Miners' Association, that there was some misunderstanding with regard to the motion at the recent meeting of tWo society, that 10s pur week be paid to the widow of the miner Woolcock. It appears that the motion was not carried as was supposed, but was postponed pending further inquiries into t he case. Messrs. Or. H. Hobson and Co. announce a large sale of jewellery, etc., at their rooms to-day. Messrs. J. J. Hayes and Co. will .sell a largo lot of sheep at.the municipal yards to-day. The anniversary of Court Victoria, No. 3,752, A.O.F., B.U.I)., will be celebrated by a ball at the California Hotel on .Friday next. 