QUEEN VICTORIA MARKET. THERE was only a small supply of vegetable produce brought to market on Wednesday morning, but sufficient for requirements, as but few buyers came forward. The following prices ruled :—Vegetables—Asparagus, 9d to 4s per 100; beans (broad), per lb; beet, 6d to 9d per dozen ; bouquets, 3s to 8s do; oabbages, 6d to Is 6d do; carrots, 6d to 9d per dozen bunches; cauliflowers, Is to 4s per dozen; celery, la to 3s do; cress (water), 4d to 6d per dozen bunohes ; garlio, 6d per lb; horseradish, Is to 4s per dozen bunches; leek, 6d to 8d do; lettuce, 3d to Is per dozen; marjoram, 6d to 8d per dozen bunches; mint, 6d do; onions (dried), 8s per cwt; do (green), 6d to 8d per dozen bunohes; parsley, 6d do; parsnipB, 9d to Is 6d do; peas, 10sto 12sper 1001b; potatoes, 4s per cwt; do (new), 7B to 9B do ; radish, 4d to 6d per dozen bunches ; rhubarb, 6d to Is 6d do; sage, 6d to 8d do; spinach, Is do; thyme, 6d do; turnips, 3d to 6d do. Fruits—Cherries, 3d to 4d per lb ; green gooseberries, 4d to 6d per qnart; oranges, 8s to 12s per case; lemons, 8B to 10s do; strawberries, 9d and la per lb. Dairy Produce—Butter, 6d to Is per lb; cheese, 6d to 9d do; ducks, 5s to 6a per pair; eggs, Is to Is 3d per dozen; geeee, 8a to 10s per pair; hens, 5s to 6a do ; honey, 6d to 8d per lb; pork, 7d to 8d do; turkeys, 12s to 25s per pair; ham, lOd to Is per lb; baoon, 8d to lOd do. EBB AT A.—Through some mischance proof of the netice of Dr. Ullathorne's work on "Christian Patience" did not come under editorial revision, and the consequences are not trivial. A few of the verbal misprints are patriotic for patristic, obstmse for abstruse, Christianie for Christian, gift of the Holy Ghost for gifts of the Holy Ghost, and constitutes for constitute. The sense is further obscured by errors of punctuation. WILLIAM STODDAET CAMPBELL, late teller in the Bank of Australasia, was brought, before the city magistrates yesterday charged with having appropriated £450, moneys of the bank. Tbe accused was reminded for a week, bail being allowed. The bank declines to proeecute, and questions the right of the Crown to do so. THE Prinoe of Wales' Birthday on Tuesday will be observed by the Legislative Assembly as a holiday. IT has beoome necessary to very carefully examine bank notes, as there has been a rather extensive circulation of forged notes on the English, Soottisb, and Australian Chartered Bank. Nearly all tbe notes are £10-notes. One of the counterfeits fell into the hands of one of the firm of Eilenberg and Zeltner, waterproof clothing manufacturers, Exhibition-street next to Tattersall's Horse Bazaar, who states he had it given to him at the race oourse by a bookmaker, who he, however, thinks also received it in good faith, and will make it good. He paid it into the branoh of the English, Soottisb, and Australian Chartered Bank, Bourke-street east, with other money, and the fraud was detected by the bank offioials. Betting on the raceoourse was extensively carried on with the forged notes, and some bookmakers have given up several of them. ENTBXES for the matriculation examination of the Ootober Term, 1886, must be made at the University not later than noon to-day. MBSSBS. Gillott, Croker, and Snowden have been instructed by Dr. Hefiernan, of Brunswiok-street, Fitzroy, to commence an action against the Tramways Trust for damages in connection with his residence, the stability of whioh is, it is alleged, affected by the motion of the tram machinery at the oorner of that street and Viotoriaparade. OH Thursday night Constable Donovan found a woman named Bradley in the strsst in a shocking oondition. Her bead was so swollen from erysipelas that she conld not see. She was conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital and admitted. It is not likely that she will survive. Hxs Honour Mr. Justice Webb has granted probate to tbe wills of tbe following deceased persons:—Jane Caudle, £1211; Thomas flndlay, £3850; Elizabeth Henry, £579; John Lowe Hobbs, £939; Ellen Jones, £770; JohnPettigrove, £886; George Henry Taylor, £16,100; William Thompson, £593; Catherine Todd, £600; and administration to the estates of the following: —William Shaw Adair, £2380; Fredeiiok Henry Digby, £623; Charles Smith, £783; George Walker, £877; Annie Glenister, £590. A VERY attractive programme of amusements has been prepared for thiB afternoon and evening, at tbe Exhibition Building, in connection with the Spanish and Columbian Festival. There will be several wonderful, though altogether innocent, illustrations of the Black Art by the Fakir of Oolu, and Mr. Charles Sylvester will give a skating performance. Signor A. Borzoni's magnificent pageant will be repeated, and Zazel, the graceful, will be "blown out" of a cannon in clouds of fire and smoke without singeiDg her gauze drapery, or doing the fair creHture a bit of harm in any respect. These are enly a few of the wonderful things which are in store for visitors, but they may serve to show how extensive are the preparations of the enterprising committee for the day's amusements. THE recent boiler explosion at the Cognao Distillery, on tbe south bank of the Tarra, by which a Customs officer named Michael M'Namee lost hiB life, was investigated by the city coroner at the Melbourne Hospital on Wednesday. It appeared from the evidence that the boiler had recently stood a satisfactory test, and Professor Kernot, who waB one of the witnesses, declared that he waB at a loss to account for the explosion. A rerdict of accidental death was returned, the jury adding that there was no evidence of negligence. JOHN GEQGIE, Customs agent, was brought up at the City Court on Thursday on a remanded charge of obtaining by false representations eight cases of electroplated ware from the Customs House. The caee was further remanded until next Wednesday. Accused was admitted to bail. A SETDBN was laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday, showing that pince 1870, nine persons had been oonvioted in the colony of sacrilege, whose ages varied from seventeen to forty-two at the date of (conviction. Tbe sentences ranged from twelve months to four years' imprisonment. THE attendance at FJemington course on Thursday was larger than on the corresponding day in any preceding year, and with fine weather, freshened by a shower of rain that fell early in the afternoon, the meeting was a moBt enj oy able ODE. His Excellency the Governor and Lord and Lady Canington attended. The day's racing (says the Argus) was largely in favour nf baok»rs as against the betting ring. In the Maiden Plate, won by Menotti, the favourite went down, bat the winner was pretty freely backed. William Tell was the only aged horse remaining in tbe Flying Stakes to oppose the two-year-olds, but Hortense, who started at even money, won very easily. For the Spring Handicap Lord Wilton was a strong favourite, and he beat Remus and Bravo in the contest for places. There were only four starters for the Royal-park Stakes, and Trenton, with the odds on him, beat Isonomy, Sheet Anchor, and Cyclops in a slow run of two miles. The same number started for the Oaks, for which The Nun was a slightly better favourite than Maddelina, and she got home first without trouble, the winner of the Caulfield Guineas being only able to make a dead heat with Essie for third place. Epicurean won the Special Juvenile Stakes, and in the Veteran Stakes Brown and Rose—another sound favourite—led her field home, the other places being filled by Ben Bolt and The Pencil. ON Thursday, while at the races at Flemington, Lord Carrington either lost or had stolen from bim on the grand stand or the paddock a valuable gold horseshoe scarf-pin, set with diamonds, rubies, and sapphires. The diamonds are set in the portion of the pin which forms the horseshoe, and the rubies and sapphires are arranged on a bar crossing tbe horseshoe, so as <o form the words "Good Luck." The value of the pin is about £50. Lord Carrington thinks he lost it while walking about, the paddock. THE members of the team of English cricketers, under the management of Messrs. Shaw, Shrewsbury, and Lilly white, arrived in Melbourne overland from Adelaide on Thursday night. They were received at Spenoerstreet station, and driven to the White Hart Hotel, where they will remain during their stay in Melbourne. The team, who left Adelaide on Wednesday morning and spent the night at Dimboola, have arrived in good health, bat somewhat out of cricketing form, owing to having so recently come off a sea voyage. They used the Melbourne ground on Friday to obtain some practioe, whioh they needed, both in batting and bowling. The match between the team and the Viotorian eleven will commence to-day at noon on the Melbourne ground. 