TRYING TRICKS. A STORY OF HALLOWEEN. The early twilight was closing in around a quaint old English dwelling the mystical twilight of Hallowe'en, when the spirits of the departed walk the earth, aud it is permitted maidens to lift the veil of the future and behold the semblance of the man they are to wed._ There were three fair maids in this ancient dwelling—sweet English roses without the wilful thorns, Dora, Grace, and Letty, the daughters of Squire Joseph Wynne, who was the last living male representative of a once wealthy and powerful family. The house aaicl to bftVR mice extended its hos pitality to the young King Charles the Second for a night, and on one of the tinv, lozengershaped panes of a bed room window upstairs was a verse from a favorite ballad of his, which he was reported by tradition to have scratched there with his diamond ring while waiting for his horses to ° be brought round in the yard below. But whether royal feet had trodden the wide stairways and echoed in the dark hall or not, it was certainly a verv old house, and must have ante dated the reign of the first Charles by many years. It had been added to from time to time by successive generations, and was full of long passages and useful cupboards where spiders spun their silken webs undisturbed from year to year. The carved oak panels were black with age in the parlor, which one entered by descending several steps, and the great rafters in tbe long, low kitchen were black with the smoke of many Yule logs. It was the very place in which to tell ghost stories on winter nights, that shadow-haunted kitchen, and almost believe in them, for one could not help thinking what a suitable frame a sheeted spectre could find in the dark doorway that led into the unlit blackness of the hall beyond. On windy nights, when the loose boards rattled and the blast wailed down the wide chimneys, it did not take an overflowing fancy to imagine that a whole company of ghosts had taken possession and were holding high carni val in the long parlor, nor a great stretch of imagination to hear the tap of high heels and the clink of spurs on the oaken tlonr, and feel sure that if they peeped in at the keyhole they would see gallant knights in rutfs and doublets and haughty dames in stiff brocades and plumed headdresses- treading a stately minuet. Eor the very air of the ancient house was redolent of departed great ness. But the three golden heads that were bent together in mysterious consulta tion by tbe dim light of the candle in tbe old kitchen on this particular Hallowe’en were quite untroubled by such eerie fancies, although bent on something akin to them. They were planning to weave some Hallowe’en spell by which they would discover their future fate. Squire Wynne and his buxom wife had gone to visit friends in a neighbor ing town and would not return till the next day, and the one stout servant slept in the northern wing furthest from the kitchen; so by 12 o’clock the field would be clear for action. But what trick would they try, what spell would they weave that would be potent enough to summon the husband tbat-was-to-be before them, either in the flesh or in the spirit. Letty suggested that one of them try the ghostly trick of throwing a ball ofyarn down the well, at midnight, of course, and beginning to wind it up, repealing meantime the audc couplet— " I wind, 1 wind. My true tors for to find.” and it was said that when the end of the ball was reached' the future husband would be seen in the well sitting'on his coffin. But it would take nerves of steel to attempt this, so it . was . set aside as impracticable. ” . Then Grace suggested that one of them go into the cellar at midnight with a hand-mirror, and as she looked into tbe glass she would see the face of her future husband looking over her shoulder. But as this, too, must be done alone, and a darker, damper, and more uncanny place than the cellar under this old and fast decaying house could not well be found, this, too, was abandoned. Then Dora, the eldest and fairest, told them of one which they could try in the kitchen and by candlelight together. It was to stand a bowl of milk on the floor near the door, which must be left unlatched • they must sit perfectly quiet until the clock struck 12, when the door would open and a dog would enter, lap the milk, and go out. The color of the dog determined the complexion, and sometimes the callings, of the man one of them would marry, as for instance, if it was white he would be of fair com plexion and probably a minister, This trick they agreed to try, and so they waited impatiently for midnight. How long it was in coming ! The servant went off to bed, and then it was only 9 o’clock. They let down their long golden tresses, and combed them out until each was veiled in her own thick, bright, silken hair, and then it struck 10 Another hour passed slowly, and it was then time to make preparations for the midnight visitor. Dora went to the hall dour and looked out upon the night, first setting the candle she carried down upon the hall table, where some quaint blue dishes, a tall pitcher, and a large, dark blue china platter of curious pattern— precious heirlooms —were standing. She shivered as she looked out upon the night. The sharp frost of approach ing winter was in the air, a silvery mist had risen with the fall of night, and illumined by the full moon, was wavering to and fro like spirits clad in their robes, floating over meadow and moor. She could see neither tree nor fence nor road, only a wavering ocean of moonlight mist. She closed the door again, but did not latch it, for the doors must be left, of course, so that they could easily be pushed open, and taking up the candle returned to the kitchen, where Letty and Grace were clinging to one another in the dark. They poured the milk into a large pink china bowl, and set it on the floor, and leaving the door leading into the hall ajar, they set the candle on a high shelf behind the scmare chimney, thus leaving the most of ihe room in shadow, and then they seated themselves together, each clasping the other's hand. The mice shrieked and scampered in the rafters overhead ; the wind howled down the wide chimney and blew the ashes from the fireplace over the floor, aud the tall clock behind them ticked the minutes away solemnly and loudly in the profound silence, as if ever teach ing the lesson of time flying swiftly, but never returning. Once Dura fancied she heard the rustle of a silken robe behind her, and turned her head to see, and once Grace felt a sensation as if a hand was passing lightly over her long rippling hair, but these nervous fancies were only due to an excited imagination, so she bit her red lip and controlled her desire to cry out,for absolute silence was necessary for the success of the trick. Letty alone was brave, and sat staring straight at the door with resolute lips compressed and steadfast blue eyas. The hands of the clock pointed to 12 and began to tick off the next hour, yet nothing came. They looked at another with a sense of unspeakable relief But hark ! what was that 1 Surely it was the creaking of the outer door, surely it was steps on the bare floor of the hall. Not human footsteps, but four pattering feet, somewhat heavy, as if they supported a goodly bulk. Then came a sound like some heavy body nibbing against the side of the wall. They grasped one another convulsively, but dared not speak for very fear. Per haps it would go out again, whatever it was; but no, it continued to advance, the kitchen door began to swing softly open. With flesh cold with terror, and eyes riveted on the opening door, they waited, scarcely daring to breathe. It swung wide and a great, black, bristling hog walked in. The popular superstition among country people at that time was that his Satanic majesty came in the form of a black hog, so when the three girls saw this startling apparition entering the dimly -lit kitchen at that unholy hour, they sprang up with a chorus of piercing screams. The huge animal turned and went lumbering out, they heard a loud crash in the hall and the clatter of horses’ hoofs on the frozen road, and the servant came running down stairs in her short petticoat and rutiled night-cap, and fell over the bowl of milk in the middle of the floor. Then came the sound of spurred boots on the hall floor, and the door swung open again, this time to admit a hand some youth in riding dress, at sight of whom the terrified girls grew quiet, and the half-dad servant beat a hasty retreat in search of more suitable raiment. He had been riding home from a bunt ing dinner in the town hard by, had heard screams issuing from the old house and had made bold to dismount and enter, in the hope that he might aid someone in distress. Dora, who was the most collected one of the three, told the story of the mid night intruder, although she neglected to relate their own share in it, and failed to tell the bewildered servant why a bowl of milk was standing in such an unlooked for place at such an unseemly hour. But the stranger evidently un derstood why it had been there, for when Dora had finished her story he looked at her with mirthful dark eyes aud ob served quietly: — ‘ Let me see, this is Hallowe’en, is it not V and added, ‘ when spirits walk the earth f Whereat Dora blushed guiltily—he thought prettily—and made no reply. He mentioned his name, Robert Creigh ton, and Dora recognised him as .t child ish playfellow of hers, who had been studying abroad for a number of years, and whose father was a near neighbor. With Robert at the head and Dora at Mb side carrying the candle, they reached the lower rooms, lest the sable creature that had su startled them had ensconced himself somewhere in closet or cupboard or behind the antique furniture. But everything was undisturbed, and they locked each room behind them as they came out and lighted the courteous youth to the door. In passing through the hall they saw the rays of the candle reflected from broken bits of china on the floor. The great blue platter had either fallen or been pushed off the table by tha creature in its exit, aud had been shattered into a hundred pieces. Dora thanked their rescuer, as she called Mm, with her blue eyes tearful with emotion and a seashell tint that might have been a delicate blush on her satin smooth cheeks, and they heard his horse’s hoofs receding into the misty night, and then locked, and barred, and bolted the door, and went up stairs, not to sleep, but to sit huddled together in Dora’s bedroom, with all the candles burning on the dressing table, until the cold grey dawn of the Ist of November stole in at the windows. Between the midnight and the dawn Dora thought a great deal about the handsome face and courtly manners of her former playmate. And he, as he cantered away through the white mist, carried with him the image of Dora as she leaned out of the doorway calling good night to him, and holding the flickering candle high above her head. Dora, the sweetest of maidens," with a cheek like a rose leaf and a graceful figure gowned in pink flowered chintz, with her golden locks streaming uncon fined about her shoulders, like the glory round the head of some fair saint iu an old picture. At noon next day the old squire and his wife came home, and Mrs Wynne sorrowed much over the loss of the great blue china platter Though inquiries were made far and wide, no one could be found who owned or knew of any body who owned a black hog. Finally, Squire Wynne grew to look upon it as an appearance of the Prince of Darkness to his girls for their wickedness in en deavoring to peer into a future withheld from them for God’s good purpose. But Dora grew to think of it as Cupid in disguise, for had it not been for that midnight adventure she would not have been deep in the mysteries of wedding cake by the time the Christmas snows fell. She was married in the little ivy mantled stone chapel that stood in the grounds of the manor which was Robert's home, for he was heir to many broad acres of deer-haunted park and dusk woodland and lilied-lake water. Grace married in time a rising young lawyer in the town, and Letty ran away with a dashing soldier, whose gay uni form and dark moustache captivated her girlish fancy. The squire and his wife were gathered to the great colony of the dead, and as Dora lived at the manor, of course the old bouse was given over to the rats, and the spiders, and the beetles, and the peasantry feared to pass it after dark, for some said that the face of the pro fligate king was seen at the upper window, and a blue light burned in the moulding parlor, by which the phantoms of departed lords and ladies who had tarried there danced a stately measure. Dora, a rosy matron, was wont to re late the story of that eventful Hallowe’en to her friends over a cup of tea, and to stoutly affirm that it was successful after all. ‘For,’ she said, ‘if we had not tried the trick and left the doors open the black hog would not have entered, we would not have screamed, Robert would not have come to the rescue, and I would not have met and married him. So who can say there is no truth in trying tricks !’ 