EPIDEMIC IN SUMATRA. In the Batavia Dagblad of the 7th October, a correspondent on the spot there describes how matters stand at Acheen:—Beri-beri continues to demand an increasing number of victims. It bas become epidemic and bears an alarming character. By the coast steamer which left on the 17th September, 400 invalids wcro shipped off, among whom there were only a few not suffering from this disease. Meanwhile so many of them died during the few days she stayed here, before starting, that the number fell to 364, notwithstanding that, daily, fresh patients taken to hospital, were available to fill up the gaps. Among these 400 were fully 100 Europeans ! On the night before she left, eleven died and four past recovery hod to remain behind. Of the twenty convicts quartered at Pulo Bras under most favourable conditions as to lodging, board, wearing apparel, &c.; seventeen were stricken down and invalided within a few weeks. In August last, of the patients under treatment in hospital for beri beri, both soldiers and convicts, 170 died. In the first half of the present year more than 1500 dead wero borne gravewards from hospital. Inquiries into the causo of this disease, worse as it is than cholera from its long continuance, havo led to nothing. The strongest men, tho most temperate in the use of drink, fall as readily victims of the actively working poison as the weak and intemperate. This disease seems to disregard the nature of the worn dona by thoso stricken, their rations, or situation of their quarters—all these being matters care fully studied for months by medical officers here. It is and remains a ghost-like apparition which can neither be felt nor fathomed, and with all that, it continues to wield its deadly sickle among us, defenceless as we are in spite of all efforts to find a remedy by guesswork or trial. Meanwhile, tbe invalids stricken with this fell malady are continually being shipped off to Padang. The number of these unfortu nates who give up the ghost on the way from the hospital to the roadstead and on the passage to Padang is astonishing. In the last steamer but one that left three were buried at sea off Olehleh, and twenty-nine in all on the voyage to Padang. There is no sanatorium at all in the neighbourhood whither those stricken can be taken instead of to the hospital, which is actually overfull, and runs the danger of becoming literally a centre of contagion. Among the officers, so far, there have occurred only a couple of cases displaying symptoms akin to those of beri-beri. Yet the situation may not be lightly regarded. Now that it has come out clearly how wholly powerless our medical men are against this disease ; now that rapid invaliding seems to be tbe only way available to save any of tho stricken ones; now that our costly military hospital has become a storehouse of beri-beri patients and runs tbe risk of becoming a centre of infection as well; now that invalids are packed off under very trying circumstances to them from the hospital to the tramway station, from there by rail to the pier at Olehleh, and, further still, to the roadstead to be stowed away on shipboard like cattle within a too confined space; now that on the way, attendance, care, and cleanliness continue to be far below requirements, and now that the weakest breathe their last breath in tens ata time owing to the suffering under gone, the interests of tbe State and those of umanity call for effective measures alleviating mere efficiently the lot of these unfortunate and pitiable patients, and insuring a quicker Eaasage at more frequent intervals to a ealthier climate. 