'FOUNDED Oil FAOT.' BV T. MALCOLM WATSON. 1 had written n novel which, I may say wihotib affectation, had boen rocoived, aliko by the public and tho press, with marked favour. Possibly tho generous recoption extondod to it may, in some measure, havo been the result of my own frankness in at onco acknowledging tho ration. Nevertheless, I am, I think, jus tified in saying that tho book owed its success leas to tlio intricacy of its plot than to tlie adroit manner in which tho incidents woro handled, and, above all, to tho subtlo analysis of a mind gifted beyond the common. The volume haa boon so recently in tho hands of readers, nnd by them so fully discussed, that I feol a not unnatural diffidence in roforring to it hero in any thing liko detail. If thoro is ono thing I disliko more than anothor, it is tlie thrust ing of my own personality boforo tho public. But, unfortunately, I liavo no option in the present instanco ; I have given asolemn pledge under circumstancos of peculiar gravity, and tho responsibility rostingon 1110 until that pledge is rcdoomed cannot readily be ovor-e3timated. I have — unwittingly, it is true — perpetrated a serious wrong against a fellow-croature, and the only method opon to me of un doing tho ovil thus wrought is to make my recantation no loss public than tho orror which ronders it nocessary. Although, thorefore, I do not fool called upon to enter with any dogreo of minuto noss into tho particulars of my story — a task particularly distasteful to one of my modest disposition — I am forced to call to tho reador's memory ono or two of tlio loading ovonts sot forth in its pages. It will bo remembered that in tho profaco I afc once, as I havo said, disharincd hostile criticism on the score of originality by can didly daclaring tho basis of my tale to be tho account of a certain trial for murder, which I had unearthed from an old news paper. It would, howovor, bo unfair to my own sliaro in tho work did I not add that the details thoro given woro of the most meagre kind — a veritable skoleton in fact from which not only overy vesti^o of flesh had long since disappeared, but wliich, during theso years of sopulture, had lost a goodly number of its original bones ; and amoiiL' thn.m nnnv nf if. m».i important. To mo, thon, fell tho task of rehabilitating this time-worn structure — of clothing it again, so to speak, with its formor wrappings—and of imparting to it such vitality as might provo accoptablo to tho public of tho present day. n^j0jnew8Pa^cr rePorb t° which I have alluded was short and to many might seem 1 prosaic. It told in conciso languago how ; a certain Benjamin North had been tried I and convictcd of tho murder of his wife, i Hypatia, which crimo no doubt, although ! tho fact remained unrecorded, lie in duo courso expiated on tho scaffold. Tho evidence went to show that for many years previous to thcirmarriago tho union of thoso two had been looked upon as probable, and tliat only a serios of malign influences had* prevented tho consum mation of thoir hopes at an carlierpcriod. Their happiness, howovor, was fated to bo of brief duration. Shortly after the wedding, Hypatia— no longor, bo it said, in tho first bloom of her youth — developed symptoms of ill-health. Tho circumstance did not pass unobserved by her husband, in whoso favour it was urged at tho trial that no one could havo displayed greator patience or devotion. Tho haunts of her earlier days were forsaken, and old friends saw almost nothing of their formor com ^1C occasi°n which found him absent from his wife's side it was ap parent, morovor, that lie had changed greatly. ^ His maiinor was moro serious and at times even depressed. A certain gloom had sottlcd upon his face, and his very gait betrayed a mind anxious and harassed. Tho sudden death of his wffe followed soon after. Of its cause there never was the slightest doubt : a day or two pre viously North had purchased a quantity of arsenic with tho ostonsiblo purpose of giving it to his horses to improvo the ap pcaranco of thoir coats. It was clearly proved, and indeed was nover donied, that his wife's death had resulted from a dose of this vory poison. Tho defence appears to havo boon con ducted on tho most primitive lines. A plea, cortainly was advanced that the woman had, either by accident cir design, takon tho arsenic liersolf ; but 113 no ovi donco was adduced in support of tho as sortion, tho man's caso quickly fell to tho ground. Nor, from what I could gather, did the result cause him either surprise or uneasiness. Liko tho Greoks of old, ho seemed to seo in his approaching doom the hand of fate from which 110 mortal aid could save him. Such was tho framowork upon which I had avowedly built up my story, carry ing candour ovon ao far as to givo chapter and verse for my authority. And although it mav. at first 'Inn en. ho thought tluifc tlio narrativo contained littlo either of an extraordinary or sonsational nature, to mo thero was much both koonly pathetic and dramatic in it. X conjured up tho early struggles of these loving hoarts — tho long, Blow years of waiting until thoir hopes at last should bo crowned with fruition. In Uypatia I ro oognisod a woman of tv trusting and loyal disposition ; in North a man of lofty, if somewhat Bolf-contained, character. And towards tlicso two, just as tho cup of happiness was raised to thoir lips, the hand of doatli was seen to stretch forth, and tho inevitable ond to approach. That North was convinced of his wife's near dissolution I had no doubt, and that he felt tho coming separation even moro ? acutely than liersolf was no less clear to mo. And so ho had taken his determina tion. If they might no longor livo to gether, death at least should not part them. Imbued with this resolve, lie had purchased tho poison, intending to make away with both His wife and himself. But, aftor administering her portion, his nerve had failed him ; and boforo he could summon up courago sufficient to coinploto his purpose, justico was on his track. Nevertheless, whon hiB fate came, ho met it calmly and heroically, conscious that if he had sinned in act he was at least innocont in intontion, Tlie character of tho man had grown upon me with wonderful vividness, and I had taken the groatest pains to portray the motivqa by which ho had boon animated. Tho success of tho book may be accepted as somo indication that my efforts wero not wholly in vain. Some fow weeks after its publication I was sitting ono evening alono in my study. It was closo upon midnight, and I had already boon writing for several hours, as ? it was necessaty^th^work- 1 had iulmnd should be finished by a specified timo, and 1 was anxious to koop faith. Just at that momont I found mysolf brought to a stop by the want of cortain data, which I re membered were to bo found in ono of my rofcronce-books. Boing desirouB to coin ploto tlio article boforo retiring for tho night, I accordingly laid aside my ponj and procooded downstairs in pursuit of tho volumo in question. A fow minutes' soarcli sufliccd to pro vido mo with, what I required, and, taking tho book in my hand, I returned onco moro to my work. . Entering tlio room hastily, it was not until I roachod my placo at tlio tablo that I noticed the chair opposite to mo to be occupied. I must confess to considerable Burpriso and oven somo littlo alarm at tho appari tion of a stranger in my houso. With tho exception of tho servants I livo alone, aud cortainly I had no recollection of having invited anyono of this gentleman's appear ance to call on ino at so unseemly an hour as midnight. Besidos, how had ho con trived to enter without making himsolf heard 1 ' Good evening, sir,' ho said with a strong provincial accent, as I took my seat. . . ' Good evening,' I replied, not voiy cordially, perhaps ; but under tho circum stances an absence of warmth might be excused. 'I fear, however,' I continued, 'I liavo not tho advantage of knowing whom I am addressing.' As I spoke I mada a hasty survoy of tho stranger in the hopo of recalling tlio occasion on which wo had met beforo. But my efforts woro in vain. His features seemed wholly unknown to me. Thoso, it may bo observed, wero sufli . oiently rem'arkablo to leave a lasting im pression upon a memory loss retentive than my own. But what struck 1110 most forcibly in this first examination was the old-fashioned air of tho man ; an impres sion, by tho way, considerably heightened by his stylo of costumo, which appeared to be modelled upon a pattern faaliionablo in thq yoars of this century, but curiously out of keeping with tho present-day fur niture of my room. Tho other points in particular attracted my attention : tho first, that ho was a vory small man — so small, indeed, that a3 ho sat on a not in ordinately high chair, his feot did not even touch the ground, but hung sus pended in mid-air, oscillating backwards and forwards liko a pair of pendulums ; tho other, that his face was exceedingly red and chubby. Thoro was, moreover, a good-natured twinkle about hia eyes which immediately suggested to the observer a powor of appreciating a joke, if not of too aubtlo an order, quito equal to the avorage. Although I myself was unconscious of having givon uttoranco to anything par ticularly humorous, ho seemed to draw from my roply a considerable fund of amusoment, for it sot him laughing some what boisterously. 'And yot,' I10 an swered, ' there's nobody living knows — or thinks ho knows — moro about me and my doings than yourself.' ' You must be labouring undor some mistake,'. I rejoined gravoly. ' Unless my inomory greatly deceives 1110, wo have never niot before to-night, so that it is impossible I should bo acquainted with your history.' 'That's precisely what I liavo.come to complain about,' said tlio littlo man, turning a shado redder, and with a touch of irritation in his voice ; ' you admit you have nover seen 1110 before — know nothing of my thoughts, actions, mannors, or tastes, and yet, forsooth, you coolly con stitute yoursolf my biographer 1' ' Your — your — what ?' I queried. ' My biograplior,' replied the strangor. '_My namo, sir, is North — Benjamin North — and I'vo taken some little trouble, lot 1110 tell you, to como here to-night, that I may havo tho satisfaction of a per sonal explanation with the gentleman who has boeii good onough to writo my lifo.' I sat back in my chair speechless, over come with tho variety of emotions which crowded upon 1110. But what, perhaps, oppressed 111c moro than any, was tho thought that I had boen basely tricked and deceived. 27sh Benjamin North — red-faced, commonplaco, fat littlo porson, thoprototypeof that high- souledandgontlo man whoso career I had traced with so : loving a hand ? It was impossible ; or, if it woro indeed truo, then I had beon deeply wronged : robbed of what is doarost to tho writor's heart — a noble ideal. ' I thought I should surprise you,' ho resumed, ' and I'm glad to find that you havo at least tho graco to bo silent. But d on' suppose I've come all the way from tho other world Bimply to taunt you. No, sir, in so acting I had a dofinito object in viow — an object, moroovor, I intend shall bo accomplished bofore I return.' He paused for a momont, whother from ex citement or want of breath I was unable to determine, but quickly continued in an impressive tonu, contrasting ludicrously with his appearance, ' You, sir, have dono mo a sfcrious' injury.' - As he said theso words I folt inclined to break into a hysterical laugh at tho absurdity of tho accusation, but with a 3trorig effort' I controlled myself. 'I do not,' I observed, 'quito understand what grounds you havo for complaint.' No, sooner had I spokon than I would have given much to vccall tho sentenco. . Tho eli'ect upon Mr. North was so decided as to causo 1110 sorious alarm. His face became purple, and I feared every instant to seo him roll off his seat in a fit of apoplexy. Tho horriblo thought forced itself upon mo : what if I wero left with tlio corpso of a ghost upon my hands? Fortunately, however, I was spared that calamity, for, recovering, himsolf, I10 again addrossed 1110, this time almost Bavagely — ' ' Grounds for complaint 1' ho echoed. ' Why, sir, putting asido all question as to facts, rogarding which, by tho 'way, you aro about ns far wrong as a man can bo, whoro, may I ask, did you find authority for the character you liavo given mo ?' Tho question certainly nonplused me not a- littlo. 'I— I must allow,' I answered, ' I drew that from my imagin ation.' ' ' Imagination 1 ' ho roplied in an accont of tho most profound oontompt. ' Exactly ; you novel- writers soonv to fancy that tho momont you havo uttered shibbbleth 'Imagination' the last word has boon said. It novor occurred to you, I suppose, to think what my foolings might bo on tho subject V 'I confess,' I roturned, somowhat humbly, ' I had not given that point the consideration it doubtless dosorved. You must remember, however,' I added in oxtenuation, ' that you had beon dead Bomo seventy years or more. Moroovor, I took tho precaution of changing your name.' ' ?* That's good,' retorted tho little. man, swinging liia loga ta -and fro with «ddi * ? ? \ ' tional force. Really, you aro too conside rate. And such a disguise, too 1 No-, body, of courso, could possibly recoguiso Bonjamin North under tho pseudonym of Benjamin South.' . 'Tho two names aro at least as far apart as the poles,' I suggested with a vacuous Biuile, hoping to turn tho mattor into iv humorous channel. ' ' Egad 1 you've a pretty wit,' lio an swered, 'a most oxcollont wit.' Thon, waxing warmer — * Damme, sir 1 I'vo known a man run through the body for a worso joke.' I hastened to express my satisfaction that tho quality of mino waa not such as to call down upon me . a similar fate. But I 8poke to regardless cars, for, paying no lieed to my interruption, Mr. North again proceeded to the attack : — ' 1 Como, air, let's have a look at this precious book of yours. You've a copy under your hand, i seo. Thoro aro ono or two passages I'd liko to havo tho pleasure of hearing you repeat aloud. Suppose wo begin with pago twenty nine 1' The constornation visible upon my face at this proposal brought back my interlo cutor to a pleasanter state of things, and a look of marked content settled upon his features as he said, with a grim chuckle, ' It isn't every day an author has tho privilege of declaiming his own pro ductions to so appreciative an audi cnce.' Rocogniaing tlie futility of resistance, I took up tho volumo and opened it at tho point indicated. As I read, tho . words seemed to tako a now and unnatural meaning, and I could hardly realise that they woro the sanio which, an hour ago had appeared so full of power and descriptive insight-. ' ' Tho laws which regulate Nature and Humanity,' I began, in a hard, spasmodic voice, ' whilo working towards the same ends, have each thoir different methods of attaining results. With tho former the thing that is precious is too often hidden beneath a valueless husk ; with the latter seldom or novor. So it was in Benjamin South's caso. Tho noble soul within was adumbrated by the lofty expression of his face ; tho unconscious yearnings of a higher nature wero traced upon overy lino of his features. Tall and meagre, almost to emaciation, his vory person iudicatod a disregard for all sensual pleasures, which, it was manifest, swept past shame stricken and abashed, leaving him pure and unsullied as tho soft wliito light of the crescent moon.' 1 It's a littlo mixed,' said my listener, with a grin of malignant pleasure, ' but it describes mo to tho life. And your elocutionary style brings out tho points with such vividness, that you really must allow mo to congratulate you upon it. Pray continue, sir, for next to epitaphs on gravestones, it's tho most entertain ing reading I liavo met with for a long time.' Unwilling as I folt, there was nothing for it but to do as he requested. ' He was gifted,' I procooded, ' with a mind of singuarly analytical and intros pective typo, possessed, too of an un equalled faculty of projecting itself into tho future, and of bringing back tlienco much that would havo proved elusive to a nature less liberally endowed, Tho po tentiality of his presence was apparent undor any circumstances ; it dominated all with whom I10 came in contact, and may porliaps bo best described by the word electrical. It will not, however, surpriso anyono that a mind so purely subjective in its action should havo had its weak point, and it must be admitted that synthetically South's was a compara tive failure. Tho creative faculty had been in a great measure donied to him, and herein I10 fell short of greatness. But in saying so much I do no more than allow that I10 was one of thoso who only just miss attaining tho heights upon which mon of tho noblest genius and power of expression have walked and lived.' ' ' Thank you !' said my guest, whoso face during the recital of tho preceding had gradually become overcast and troubled. ' I think I won't ask you to go on. It's vory fine, no doubt, but I'm afraid I don't quito grasp tho meaning. Besides, it makes mo sleepy, and I liavo , ono or two matters to Bet right before I leavo.' . I laid aside the book with a sigh of re lief. For tho first timo in my lifo I had found tho pages dull. Mr. North's next remark surprised mo not a little ; You're not married of courso ?' he said. 'No I anawored, 'bub why '''of courso' ?' ' Then he continued, disregarding my question, 'in describing tho relations existing between my wife and mysolf you drew, I presume upon your imagination again V ' X°3 ' I roplied with somo enthusiasm, I pictured to myself tho indissoluble union of two souls, bound together by 110 earthly tie, but merged tho ono into tho other by tlio sublime alchemy of a divino hand.' ' Thank you 1' ho said drily. ' Whon I want extracts I'll refer to the book it self. You cortainly have a pretty power ful imagination.' I looked down, colouring a littlo at tho direct complimont. ' You hadn't the pleasure of knowing Hippy, I think ?' he asked. ' '-Hippy? ' ' I repeated interrogatively, I mean, tho late Mrs. North ?' ' No,' I roplied. 'All,' ho wont on in a dreamy way, You missed a great treat.' Then, rousing himself, he leaned forward in liis chair, holding tlio arms firmly so as to prevent himsolf from falling, and- in a lioarso wliispor addressed mo : 'If there over was a shrow and a tcrmagnat bom into this world, it was my wife.' Tho intonsity with which tho words woro spoken bore evidence to their truth. If othor proofs had boen wanted, it would liavo boen found in tho expression of hatred and fear apparent on tho speakor's face. To mo tlio shock although painful, was not altogether unexpected. Already ono illusion had beon Bwopt away, and now I could bear with a certain dogreo of calm ness the loss of tho second. ' My dear sir,' I said, ' I beg that you will not oxcite yourself. I think I begin to understand the object of your coming to-night. . Lot mo assure you that any statement you may desire to mako will be not only impartially judged by me but treated as -wholly private.' ' Privato 1' he interrupted with an angry wavo of tho hand. 'Egad, sir, the greator tho publicity tho better I'll bo pleasod. You don't suppose I camo hero moroly to aet myself right with you ?' . I thought it prudent to pass ovor in silence tne .Blur implied by his words. ' ?? * .'lavo injured you in any way,' I said with chilling courtesy, 'I am pro pared to Uo whatevor lies in my power to pliwe tho mnttor upon its right basis,' If -? : ; ? ' -wi*rr - My assurduco appeared' to givo Mr. North profound satisfaction. He sat back in his place once more,' and aftor a little preliminary cough, began to Bpoak. ' That's all I ask for,' ho Baid, 'and wlion I've told you tho real facts .of the . caso I shall oxpect you to make them as ' widely known as tho imaginary details contained in that volume. ' r - . .' It's very disappointing to you, I ad mit,' I10 went 011, settling down to his story, ' but truth compels mo to say that I never was anything but a vory ordinary happy-go-lucky sorb of a mortal. I don't quito understand what is meant by ' pro- ' jocting oneself into the future,' but in my case tho nearest approach to tho process, I tako it, was when my father threatened to kick mo into tho middle of noxt weok on account of Bomo youthful escapade. As to the othor complinitary things you havo beon good enough to say of mo, I'm . sorry to confess they're quito beyond my comprehension. ' I was a little bit of a harum-scarum fellow ; but I never wanted for frionds. And theso wero tho days, let 1110 tell you, sir, whon a man did'nt shrink from liis second, or even his third, bottle of wine ; and when tho nights wero all too short for the fun and frolic wo sought to crowd into them. Perhaps wo weren't so liberally gifted with imagination as the present generation ; but, by gad, sir 1 wo wero ready enough to back up our opinions with solid facts if required. 'I was barely thirty whon my father died, leaving mo a snuggish bit of pro perty. It didn't represent a fortune of course, but tho income- yielded by it was sufficient for all wants and a fow luxuries ovor and above. Alas 1 my seeming good' fortuno was to prove tho causo of my ruin, for from tho day on which Hypatia learned the news of my altered circumstances sho mado up her mind that I should bo hoi husband. At this point his voice sank to a deep and impressive tono : — ' For ten years sho gavo 1110 110 peaco, following 1110 from place to placo with thai tonacity of a bloodhound. From the be- ' ginning I know that thoro T.'as no liopo for. me, but I died hard. I racked my brain for oxcuses. I threw obstacle after obstacle in her way, yet all to no purpose. It was only a question of time, and sho knew it. The moment at last camo when I could strugglo no longer, but found my self forced to yield up my freedom at tho f l altar of our village church. i' ' Then began for 1110 a 1 fo of unutter- » able misery. Tho lato Mr . North was a \ woman of noblo proportions, while, as 1 you have possibly observed, I am not my- I solf a Hercules. ' Whon, therefore, as was ' 3 hor -wont, sho placed her bick against the I door ' protesting that I should no longer «, visit my old haunts and cionies, I could 'J not but recognise how vainjwas the power 4 of prayer to move her front tho position. \ ' I became depressed and moody. All ,??; my former buoyancy desetied me ; and \ when by chanco I cncomtered an, old | acquaintance, I shrank a\4iy from his t presence out of pure sliamol ' '] 'Two years passed and] my wifo fell J ill. What : tho disease was can bo of no f, interest to you, but by tho Village doctor ' ' f it was pronounced to bo deadly. It was- I my sad duty,' continued thij speaker with - f a curiously comic glanco at mysolf, 'to communicate to lior the te- riblo intelli gence. ' Tho. habit of obedience had by this time becorno so engrained in my nature that I did not oven dare to lake advantage . of her helplessness, but remained . con stantly at her side. Upon this, indeed, sho insisted ; and as lier malady did. not . confino her to bed I acquiesced in. her wishes with my usual alacrity. 'As tho end drew near sho became imbued with a most unjust suspicion that her death. would not bo unwelcomo tome. I cannot tell you, sir,' said tho littlo man with a break in his voico and making boliovo to wipe away a tear, 'how deeply this delusion pained -me. ' And now, sir, what do you think tho inhuman monster did? You aro aware that. I had purchased tho arsenic to give ' to tlie horses. Impressed by tho idea I havo mentioned, and determined tliat I ' should not bo left to rejoice in my new found liberty, she resolved upon poisoning herself, woll knowing how fatal to myself' tho consequonces must provo. And, being a woman largely gifted with tho courago of hor convictions, sho actually did it;' Exhausted by tho narration of his wrongs, Mr. North paused hero. For my own part I hardly knew what to think of so extraordinary a story. In a moment or two, however, ho resumed : — : . » ' That, Bir, ia the truth. Now are yon convinced of tho wrong you havo done to mo!' ~ 'Yes,' I admitted your version cortainly throws a now light upon the in cidents.' 'Bo assured it is the correct one, and accordingly, sir, I claim tho fulfilment of j'our promise, .and ask that you will clear my character from tho tissuo of falsehood — don't be offended, sir, for it is a tissue of falsehood — with which yonr imagination ? lias interwoven it.' ' You mean,' I answered somewhat re luctantly, ' that I shall placo bofore tho public tho particulars you havo just com municated ?' 'Exactly.' I sighed as I thought of my lost ideal ; but I had pledged my words ' ' As you will,' I roplied. 'I promise.' ' Good 1' ho rejoined. Thon suddenly changing tho subject, ' By tho way, liave you ovor noticed the peculiar conforms tion of that bust ovor your head ?' 'No,' I answored, looking in tlie direction indicated ; ' I don't know that I havo. Perhaps,' I suggestod, turning again towards him. 'it is tho effect of——' ' ? I I stopped, Tho chair beforo mo was empty, . - ' ' 