THE CANADIAN FISHERIES QUESTION. i : The- recent seizure of three -American fishing smacks by H.M.S. Terror would serve to show that the Imperial Govern ment is prepared to support Canada in her quarrel with the United States on the subject of fisheries in her waters. As colonists we cannot regret that the mother country has seen fit to assert the unify of the Empire, and to support the loeal claims. Same such support was necessary if people were not to imagine that the whole sympathy' of Great Britain with her colonies was expressed by kindly utterance on special occasions. But, beyond this, the Bupporb in this particular occasion was advisable if Canada was to be able to maintain her rights asa colony, «r if any amendment was to be. made to the laws which at present regulate the intercourse of Ameriean fishermen with Canadian grounds. This intercourse has for leng been a subject of anxious debate, and hitherto the advances of Canada in the direction of a more eqaitableanangement have been distinctly snubbed by the United States. The question was bound to come to an issue sooner or later, and there can be ao reason for regret that it has to be deeided now. The United States and Great Britain are as closely united aa ever they were, and both nations nave cie&riy; snown tnat tuoro is uu wish on the part of either to substitute warlike relations for those which at present exist. Canada ia still strongly bound to the mother country, so much so, indeed, that she iz prepared to accept her decision on the point in question. Everywhere we have the utmost amity prevailing, so that no better time could be found than the present for settling a point which ad mittedly bristles with difficulties. Canada has alvrays been jealous of American interference with her fisheries, and therefore she has constantly been impressing upon the Imperial autho rities the necessity which exists for the amendment of the Convention of 1818. Under this Convention with the United States ceitain limitations were imposed upon the trade. It is not neces sary that we should enumerate more than one of these limitations, seeing that it is upon this provision that the whole dispute hinges. This provision runs :— '.Provided, however, that the American fishermen shall be permitted to enter Bach bays or harbours (those of Great Britain in America) for the purposes of shelter, of repairing damages therein, of purchasing wood and obtain ing water, and for no other purpose whatever.' Now, it has been plain for some time that American vessels engaged in fishing entered Canadian ports for other purposes than those specified above, but a move in the matter was not definitely taken until May 7 of this year. On that day the American schooner David J. Adams was seized by the Dominion authorities. It is alleged that this vessel came into the port of Digby, in the Bay of Fundy, for the purpose of purchasing bait ; that, in order to escape detection, her nam8 was covered with canvas, in direct defiance of the fishery lawa j and that she had not in her possession the permit required by law from the United States Collector of Customs at the port from which she sailed. The position of Canada in the matter is easily understood. The United States have imposed an almost prohibitive tariff on the importation of fish and fiah oil. The Canadians, who have more fish than they can use at home, are naturally anxious that this tariff should be lessened, or that at least American fishermen should not obtain the fish which live in their waters. But American fishermen cannot do any business without bait, and there fore it is that the Dominion is now so particular in enforcing the ipsissimavtrba of the treaty of 1818. And, again, the fisheries within 3 miles of the Canadian coast are protected against the competition of American fishermen by terms of the same treaty ; andit was felt that to allow these fishermen to enter within this radius for any purpose would certainly tempt them, in all human probability, to trans gress the law. And, lastly — though this reason may not be regarded as of so high moral importance, but it is nevertheless distinctly weighty — it seemed only fair that the Canadian fishermen should have the benefit of the nearness of their Bhorea zather than the Americans. Readers know that the Americans have taken up this subject very warmly, that retaliatory measures have been adopted, and that ships of war have been sent by the Union to uphold the rights of American fishing smacks. AH this has been clearly set forth in. the telegrams which we have from time to time published, bat it is much to be feared that recent announce ments may have led readers to imagine that a sore had been touched which no remedial measures would cure. It would seem, on the contrary, as if 'many pro minent American . political teachers had recognised the validity of the Canadian claims and the culpability of American' legislation. The Press generally takes the ground that there is a grievance, and that a test case is desirable. But, for reasons before given, they cannot recognise the case of the David J. Adams as a conclu sive test, because, so far as is known, this vessel acted in direct contravention to the laws. And, again, the Canadian and British authorities, even supposing that there was a good case, can say with the utmost sincerity that they have tried for a considerable time to effect a more equitable kind of legislation. In 1854 a modification of the treaty of 1818 was proposed by Canada, but this was re jected by the United States Congress, and in 1871 the Bame experi ment was tried with the same results. And the mischief of this ruling treaty is that it is interpreted in three different ways by Canada, the United States, and Great Britain. We have sufficiently shown the points of dif ference between the readings obtaining in Canada and America, and official documents ahow clearly wherein the British Government differs from her North American colony. In 1871 Lord Kim berley, the then Secretary for the Colo nies, felt bound to say that the exclu sion of American fishermen from Canadian ports, except for the purposes detailed in the Act of 1818, was untrue to the .spirit, though.. true tojhe.letter of this particular treaty. The colonies, with their wide experience of the ignorance of British colonial officials, will not pay much atten tion to this announcement, though they will certainly agree with Lord Kimberley's later warning that Great Britain and not her colonies is responsible for the reading of any treaty whioh she has made with foreign Powers. The matter would have been much easier of arrangement if the Dominion Government had not declared its intention of abiding strictly by the JLct of 1818. Recent events and public opinion pointclearlytotheneedwhichexists for the amendment of that Act. An amend ment which would conserve the interests of Canada, whilst at the same time it restored an amount of free trade between the States and the British colonies, would be the best solution of the difficulty. To this end we hope negotiations will tend, for it would be absurd for the two great English-speaking nations to make a serious international question out of the seizure of three or four insignificant fishing Bmacks. Misistkbtat. Changes.-— We publish elsewhere some information as to rumoured Ministerial changes which might almost be left to tell its own tale. Upon the authority of members of the Ministry we stated in yesterday's Register that the report that a portfolio had been offered to the Hon. R. C. Baker was incorrect. This statement wa3 very promptly denied by Mr. Baker, who said that distinct overtures to accept office had been made to and declined by him. We then communicated further with the Ministry. The Premier asserted that he did not make or authorize any overtures being made to Mr. Baker. The Chief Secretary, however, it seems, did on Mr. Baker's return to the colony mention to that gentlemen his intention to resign and suggested that Mr. Baker should take his place. He states, however, that he had no authority for making the suggestion. Upon communicating further with Mr. Baker that gentleman sent us the letter which appears elsewhere. Evi dently there has been some mistake, and it appears as though the Chief Secretary m his anxiety to escape from the toils of office, had acted without full warrant That, however, from a public point of view, is a comparatively small matter. The more important consideration is that one of the Ministerial positions is being filled by a member who wishes to vacate office, and who cannot therefore be expected to take that direct interest in his work which is so desirable at any time, and particularly at a time like the present. If Mr. Downer is unable to fill up the various positions In the Cabinet satisfactorily it wouldjbe fa* better for him to resign and to reform his Ministry than that the present unsatisfac tory state of things should be continued. The Ministry exists for the country, and the interests of the country should have the first consideration. Thb Week's Parliament.— The only twa lineB on the Notice-paper of the Council are the second reading of the Patawalonga River Improvement Bill and the farther considera tion in Committee of the Local Courts Bill/ In connection with the latter the principal points of interest are Mr. Bright's clauses for. the simplification of legal proceeding. The third reading of the Real Property Bill will be taken firat in the Assembly to-day.- Then the ex-Treasurer (Mr. Newland) will go on with the debate upon the Treasurer's financial statement, probably defending the Estimates which he made last year» and which have been adversely critioised. Members on both sides of the House are rather curious to know the tone of Mr. Newiaad's remarks, and he will probably be listened to with special attention. The othec business in the order given b as follows :— Postponed clauses of the Insolvents Bill in Committee ; adjourned debate on the second reading of the Water Conservation Bill to be renewed by the Hon. T. Playford ; resumed debate upon the second reading of the Rail way Commissioners Bill, Mr. Catt leading off; continuation of consideration by Com mittee of the Game Bill; further discussion upon Becond reading of the Mining on Pri vate Property Bill, to be begun by Mr. E« W. Hawker; and the Bame relative to the Licensed Victuallers Bill to be started by the Hon. J. Colton. It is questionable, however* whether all these or some of less importance; which follow will be touched this week, Fot Wednesday Mr. Castine has given notice of at motion in favour of Treasury bills, bat the Government have since this was on the paper adopted the idea. Mr. Moule is to discuss certain educational matters, and Mr. Ward will (members with prior motions having given way) explain at length the resolutions of whioh so much was heard last week. Tha Orders of.the Day for Wednesday relate to tha second reading of the Totalizator Bill (the debate being resumed by Mr. Caldwell), and! to Mr. Burgoyne's proposal for a Select Com mittee to enquire concerning the projected FhillipB Ponds Railway. Thursday's paper is clear. London Wool Sales. —Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. received on Monday a telegram from their London branch quoting the fol lowing prices realized for wools in the June July (third) series of London sales, viz.:— MB over Momba, scoured, average Is. 4Jd,; W&ECoverB;, greasy, average 6&d.; Milo, scoured, last advice Is. 5£d.; W&EC; over B^ W. & E. Crazier. Bnmbowie. TELEGBATHia— Information from Durban notifies that the Mauritius mail doses there this morning. A notification from Bashiro iB to the effect that the next mail over tha mteiraptcd section leaves on Friday, Ja^a 9, at 2 p.m. St. Paul's Incumbency.— We understand] that the incumbency of St. Paul's, Adelaide has been offered to the Bav. J. W. Owen« B.A., of Mount Barker, and that he has signified his intention of accepting the posi tlOD, Volcanic Dust.— Mr. James Kirker, of the South British Insurance Company, has left at our office a sample of volsanic dust, which was blown upon Waipoa Kan, Poverty Bay District, 80 mileB from Eo torna, the scene of the recent eruptions. The dust, which looks like fin9 black sand's iB acting upon the soil like bonednst, and tha grass is coming through already. The sample can be seen at our office. The Yacht Wanderer.— Mr. Justice Bundey received on Monday morning tha following telegram : — ' Wanderer arrived Qneenscliffe Sunday night all welL Eiftyf three hours to the Heads. Wanderer fine: sea-boat. Forty-six hoars to Cape Otway.' Charge of Embezzlement against Tnfl Mayor of Port Augusta. — On Friday! last a rumour gained currenoy in Adelaide that the Mayor of Port Augusta (Mr. J, Ci Knipe) had embezzled funds of the local Building Society, of whioh he is Secretary* to the extent of £1,700 to £2,000. Tho report was received with great doubt, as Mr. Knipe's high character for respectability and his long connection with the governing body of the municipality made such an assertion of hia dishonesty extremely hard to believe; bat on Monday he was brought before the Court at Port Augusta, charged with embezzling two amounts of £13 and £4 respectively* The case was remanded till Monday next, when ft is understood other charges will be laid. Mr. Knipe has been con-! nected with the Port Augusta Corpora tian either aa an officer or member of the Council almost uninterruptedly for & period of seven years. In the end of 1879 he was appointed Town Clerk, suc ceeding in that position Mr. T. Bnrgoyoe* M.P., now member of the Assembly for Newcastle. He filled this office for 15 months, and when he retired commenced business in Port Augusta aa an aactioneerand general agent. Shortly after vacating tha position of Town Clerk an extraordinary^ vacancy occurred in one of the wards, and Mr. Knipe was elected as Councillor. He re tained thiB position, with the exception o£ the year 1883, when he did not seek elections until the end of 1885, when the rate payers testified their appreciation of his efforts for the advancement of the munici pality by conferring on him the highest honour in their power. At the last elections he still retained their confidence, and waB re turned as Mayor unopposed. It has been' known lately that Mr. Knipe's financial posi tion was not altogether sound, but no sus picion that he had betrayed his trust in SO flagrant a manner as is now BuppoBed to be the case was entertained until a few daya ago. Export Duty on Sheepskins.— At a meeting held in the Hindmarsh Institute Hall on Monday evening, it was decided to Eend a deputation to wait upon the Govern ment to ask them to put an export duty of Id. per lb. on sheepskins. Tendehs for Railway Sleepers.--; Monday, July 5, was the laist day for tho receipt of tenders for cutting 193.C0O Bleepers from the WillowieForestReserveanddeliver* ing them at the Hammond Railway StationV Only one tender was received, and that waa from MesHrs. John McDonald & Co. Me8srff-! McLean Brothers, Rigg, & Co. also fbtf warded a tender for the supply of sleepers from Western Australia, but as these wexa. not advertised for it wan regarded as- ax formal. The sleepers from the Willbwia= Foreat Reserve are intended principally foe the Strangways Springs and Peake line. Tha Commissioner of Public Works has deoidea not to accept the tender of Messrs. John* McDonald & Co., but to place the work o£ cutting the sleepera under the control of tha Conservator of Water. Mr. Furner expects by this means to have tho timber supplied atf a leBS cost, and to give work to those in tha district who are unemployed. The Late Db. Wyatt's Will.— The wil of the late Dr. William Wyatfc has beer proved and probate granted for the sum oi £47,7C0, which represents the value of the estate apart from the leases. The deceased gentleman bequeaths to the Governors of the South Australian Institute a larga number of books, which he had marked in readiness. The bulk of the real estate and the residue of the personal estate are left to the Wyatt Benevolent Institution, Incorpo rated. The objects of the trust are stated ta be as follows :— To benefit persons above the labouring class who may be in poor or re-] duced circumstances by supplying them with dwelling-houses at a moderate or at a nominal rental, or without payment of any rent, or to benefit such persons by any other means or in any other way that Ms trustees may deem expedient. The conditions to ba that the recipients of such benefit shall belong to a class above that .of the labourer/ and in poor or reduced.'circumfltancss, and ta be of good moral character, and preference, given to people resident in the colony for fiver yeare or upwards; the religious belief-- ot political bias or opinions of any person act tot affect his or her claim to share in the'benefitt of the institution. The original trustees ap-; pointed were Sir Henry Ayers, K.C.H7G. j* Hon. Alexander Hay, M.L.O., Hon. Henrjs Scott, M.L.C., and MeSBra, William Everflr^ and Henry-RymUI. Messrs. Bupert Ingleby and George Tomljan/ who were also ap pointed, have Bince died. Mr. E. B. Grundy' faolicitor to the late doctor) has taken ths place Of Mr. Ingleby, bat the other vacancy :ias not been filled. The trustees are allowed every discretion, and may either adapt or otherwise procure or fit up housc3 for the purposes mentioned in the will. They have absolute power to postpone for such period as may deem expedient the sale of the estate. There are only a few bequests, a3 followa :— To Mrs. Wyatfche has bequeathed an annuity of £730 if that lady docs not reside at Kur Talta, Burnside, but if she takes up her resi dence there the amount would be £300. There are annuities of £100 each to Julia Wyatt Matthews and Mary Jane|Matthews, of near 'Plymatock, in England ; and one of £50 to Edith, wife of Edward Street, of Caterham, near London. A legacy of £50 each has been left to Constance Alger and Mabel Al«er, daughters of Mr. John Alger, of Sydney; and similar Bums to Flora Annie and Bssaie McLeod, daughters of his brother- in-law, of Fnlham, near London. It is understood that the will of the late doctor will be printed. Cheistiait Cosvkhtioit.— OnThnrsday of this week an all-day convention of persons of all religious denominations is to be held iu the Y.M.C. A. Eooms for the Durpose of dis cussing certain important matters, 'about which it is desirable that a higher -tone of public opinion should prevail. It is hoped : that the discussions may be of a character efficiently practical to admit of recommenda tions upon some of the subjects being agreed upon and. generally circulated.' The sub jects proposed for discussion, and the names of the gentlemen who have been asked to Introduce them, are as follows:— 1. The Moral Influence of the Present Insolvency Laws— Rav. F. T. Whitinston, LL.B.; in vited Bpcakers, Messrs. C. Lyons, J. J. Stuckey, M. A., and T. W. Fleming. 2. How Practically to Express Social Disapproval of Moral Delinquent— Bev. Canon Green; in vited speakers, Eev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.BaJ Eev. C. Manthorpe, Mr. C, H. Goode, and Bev. F. W. Cox. 3. Gambling and its Dangers— Eev. W. Eoby Fletcher, M.A.; invited speakers, Kev. E. M. Hunter, Eev. Archdeacon Manyat, M. A, and -Mr. F. Chappie, B.A., B.Sc. 4. How to Promote Greater Simplicity in Living— Eight Eev. Bishop Kermion; invited speakers, Hon. A. Campbell, M.L.C., Esv. C, Lane (President of Wesleyan Conference), Eev. T. Piper, and Mr. W. Diment. 5. Eeligion in the Home— Eev. Albert Stubba; invited speakers, Eev. S. Hebditch, Hon. P. Santo, Eev. O. Lake (President of the Bible Christian Conference), Eev. J. G. Wright, and Eev. E. Eorke, B.A. The Eight Sev. Bishop Kennion will preside, and the proceedings will be open to the public. Post-Qetice at Miller's Poeit.— Mr. J. Moule, M.P., has received a letter in reply to the petition presented by him from the resi dents in the Hundreds of Playford and Hawker, asking that the Post * Office at Miller's Point might not be closed, stating that sufficient reason does not appear to exist for keeping the office open, and accordingly it will be closed. : Govehnmeht Tekdebs.— At the Engineer? in-Chief a Office on Monday, July 5, tenders were received for the construction of a wharf and sheetpOing to the bank at Murray Bridge. Twelve were received,- but the lowest was not declared. For' the construc tion of a goods-shed at Frances three persons tendered, the lowest being Mr. S. J. Jarmau. Only one firm sent in a tender for sleepers and crossing timbers, to be cut on Crown landB in the Hundreds of Gregory and Winninowie. Mr. J. Coumbe was the lowest of six tenderers for the Bupply and delivery of fittings for ad justing the end of the Bobinson Bwingbridge ; and for the supply and delivery of inter locking apparatus and signal wire com pensators seven tenders were opened, the lowest being Messrs. Forwood, Down, & Co. Death of a Colonist op 1817. — Mr. Thomas Henry Priest, who died at Tamby* in the Port Lincoln district, on June 28 last', in his 87th year, was a native of Bristol, England, and a colonist of sixty-nine years. He arrived in Sydney on June 14, 1817, by the ship Bareing, Captain Lamb, commander. She had a company of Boldiers and a number of immigrants on board for Sydney. The immigrants were called ' free settlers,' and those who were. married had a piece of land given them by the New South Wales Govern ment, also each of their children. They were a very long time on the way out and ran short of water, and each person hod to be restricted to half a pint a day for a consider able time until they touched at 'Hobart Town,' were they got fresh supplies. Mr. Priest returned to England three times from Sydney, the last time in 1840, when he witnessed the launch of the Great Britain, which was the largest steamer built at that time. He arrived in South Australia about the end of 1841, and was first employed by Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P. The deceased had been thirty-eight years in the Port Lincoln district. The first four years he was in the em ploy of Mr. Vaux, of Lake Hamilton, and was afterwards storekeeper at Bramfield for Mr Price Maurice.- For a number of years he had been farm?r»3 at Tomby. Dropsy was the ultimifce cause of his death. He leaves a widow and three geewn-up sons and three grown-up daughters. His remains were fol lowed to the Lipaon Cemetery by a large number of friends. i Deak Russell Memoeial Fund.— The committee of the Dean Russell Memorial Fund met at the Mayor's Parlour on Monday afternoon. There were present— His Worship the Mayor (in the chair), Bishop Kennion, Eevs. J. B. Stephenson and F. T. Whitington, Hons. J. C. Bray, M.P., and H. Scott, M.L.C., Messrs. E. T. Smith, M.P., F. B. Burden, S. Toms, A. J. Wright, J. C. Wharton, J. Hi Mallabone, and G. W. Hawkei. It was re potted that the amount subscribed to date was £949 14s. Sd., of which sum £816 14s. 8d. had been received by the Treasure! of the fund. From the memorial punphlet £33 18s. had been handed in on account cf the first edition and £10 on account tof the second edition, and it is known tbit there are still Borne receipts to come in from this source. It was decided that the subscription-list Bhould be advertised forthwith, amounts of 10a. and over to be individually ac knowledged. It is hoped that the fund may be finally wound up by the 19th inst. . Semaphore Cokpobatiok.— At the usua meeting of this body on Monday evening a communication was received from Messrs. Dempster, Webb, & Dempster, on behalf of Captain Bickers, notifying the Council that they would be held liable for any damage done to his property by constructing South terrace f qq tnath, as they intended. This was received, and late* on' Z W&* waa accepted ] for carijing out the work. Adelaide School BCard of Advice.— The monthly meeting of the Adelaide School Board of Advice was held at the Training College, Grote- street, on Monday evening, July 5. There were present Messrs. J. L. Bonython, J.P. (Chairman), T. Scherk, M.P., A. Adamson, A. W. Mceks, V. Lawrance, F. P. G. McCrae, and J. H. H. Vockins (Superintendent of School Visitors). The Minister of Education, in acknowledging the resolution of the Board expressing pleasure that industrial education was mentioned in the last report of the Minister, said he waa veiy much gratified at the assis tance given to the cause of industrial education by the resolution of the Board. He promised to lay before the Board very shortly the details of the scheme which he proposed to inaugurate. The report of the annual examination of the Grote-Btreet School showed that the boys' department averaged 7T90per cent., the girls' 69-85, and infanta* 59*66, Twenty-four applications for free education for fifty-two children were granted. The Broken Hm Mete.— At a convivial meeting which waB held at Silverton last week to celebrate the news of the declaration of the dividend, Mr. Basp, the original dis coverer of the mine, in responding to the toast of his health, gave some brief but; very interesting particulars of the early history of flie mine. He was at the time of the dis covery employed at the Mount Gipps Station, and knew the hill lonz before the presence of silver was suspected on the Barrier. It had always struck him as containing minerab of ?ome kind, and at first thought it was copper, but finding himself mistaken in that felief next thought the metal was tin. Then came the rich finds of silver at life's Camp, and they finally tested the hill for silver. His intention' at first was to take up only one block, ; but he was joined by Mr. McCulloch and five of the station hands at Mount Gipps, and seven blocks were pegged out. The Syndicate originally consisted of seven shares, and the first call was one .of £70 per share. When this was nearly expended, without payable ore being met with, the shares were divided into fcuiteen5 in order to enable the early holders to get soiLe of their money back, and to obtain outside capital ; and to instance the extraordinary increase that had taken place in the value of the shares, the speaker men tioned that he had known a fourteenth— now worth £40,000— offered for £20 without find ing a purchaser less than two years ago, and come had changed hands as low as £30. He thought some of the original holders had only the circumstance of the low valae of the shares at that time to thank for still having an interest in the Broken Hill. The subse quent history of the mine — its unprecedented success and its flittering future— was known to them all, and it wa3 unnecessary for him to dilate upon it. The Silveeton Railway.— The Silver Age. writes:— 'A public meeting is called for Monday evening, under the auspices of the Progress Committee, to consider the advisa bility of asking the South Australian Govern ment to take over the Silverton Railway for traffic purposes as soon as it is completed to Mannaiill. The line is expected to be laid to that point in about three weeks, and the contractors will be prepared to convey goods over it; but as this service will bs performed at owners' risk, and the cost of carriage will naturally be higher than if the Government undertook the whole trainage to the sea board, it will be obviously to the advantage of business men and all interested in the field to get the line taken over a3 early as possible. They will therefore consult their own. interests by attending this meeting, and thus strengthen the hands of the Progress Committee in She request they propose making. Apropos of the opening of the line to Mannahill, we may remark that Messrs. Hill & Co. are perfecting their arrangements for a daily coach to that point as soon as the trains commence running— an advantage that will be dnly appreciated here, and probably also in Adelaide.' The Fire neas Stuet-sebeet.— An in quest was began on Monday afternoon by the City Coroner at the Rose Inn into the causa of the fire which destroyed two cottages in Sultram-place, off Sturt-street, early on the previous morning. The Coroner and Jury carefully inspected the scene of the fire, and afterwards heard the evidence of Policecon stable S. Cotter. As the fire wa3 of Buch'a recent date the enquiry was adjourned till Friday next to enable the police to obtain further evidence. Federated Seameh's Unioit.— The weekly meeting of the South Australian Branch of this organization was hald on Monday even in? in the laige room at Knapman's Build ings, Port Adelaide. Mr. H. J. Padney pre sided, and there was a good attendance. One new member was elected. The weekly financial report showed receipts £10 43. 6d. and expenditure £10 7s. 8d. The monthly report from the Victorian Branch was read, showing it to be in a good condition. This was the first time of meeting in the new quarters at Knapman's Buildings. Opebatiye Bootmasebs' Uhios.— A meet ing of the above Union wa3 held on Monday evening-, when Messrs. Hennessy and Birnett were elected to represent the Society at the forthcoming Trades Congress, and Mr. Handery was appointed a delegate to the Trades and Labour Council. A tele&r;&m; was. received from tha Victorian Union asking for assistance on behalf of 200 men on strike against a 10 per cent, reduction of wage3, and £100 was voted for that purpose. Mr. Henneesy was appointed on the Eight-hours Demonstration Committee. The English Secbet Service Fund.— Our London correspondent writes on May 28:— 'A few nights ago the House of Com mons had a debate on the Secret Service Fund such as has not previously taken place for many years past. At one period this fund was made a continual object of attack on the part of advanced Liberals, who believed ; that the money voted by the Parliament was used in the interest of despotism abroad and of reactionary go vernment at home. The attack on the vote, which has just been made, was organized by a combined phalanx of Unionists, Liberals, and Conservatives, who persuaded them selves that the Government might be tempted to employ a portion of the fund for elec tioneering purposes. When Edmund Borke induced Parliament to pass an Act autho rizing a permanent charge of £10,000 a year to be made on the Consolidated Fond for secret service purposes he accomplished a great act of economical reform, for previously millions of the public money had been spent without the production of a single voucher or the rendering of any account to Parlia ment. In course of time the House was asked to vote an additional £5,000 a year to be distributed among the heads of the great departments of State as secret service money. What then becomes of the £10,000 [a. year which is drawn from the Consolidated Fond? All that the public know about it is that it is handed over in quaiierly payments to the Parliamentary or Patronage Secretary of the Treasury, and that even his colleague, the Financial Secretary, has not the ghost of an idea how the money is spent. The secrets of this mysterious expenditure are chiefly locked in the breasts of the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary, and the Chief Secretary for Ireland, as well as of the Par liamentary Secretary for the Treasury, but these high officials may be trusted to exercise periect reticence. Mr. Rylands, in moving the omiasion of the vote of £5,C00, which is the only one that appears on the Civil Ser vice Estimates, suggested that the neceasaiy vouchers should be submitted to the {Con troller and Auditor-General. This is a reason able suggestion, and Sir W. Harcourt made no answer to it when he said that when he was Home Secretary he should have objected to be under the control of a subordinate official, for the man who controls expenditure is the man who decides to what purposes it shall be applied— not the Auditor, who merely certifies that certain vouchers are coirect. There is really nothing to prevent the Government of the day from spending every sixpence of the secret ser vice money in political corruption, or in what would be equally reprehensible, ».&, in defraying the election expenses of their supporters. Sir Michael Hicks- Baach does not deny that in times past this has been done; indeed, he speaks of it a? 'an ancient custom,' while Sir Henry James ifgnificantiy £§^ ??$ ^ ?? tfw amounts which the. G.Oveinment receive every year from tha Consolidated Fund were spent on elections it would be sufficient to defray the cost of twenty contests. Now that a general election is impending both Sir M. Hicks Beach and Sir Henry James were anxious to exact from the Government a pledge which none of their predecessors have ever given or have ever been asked to give. Mr. Gladstone promised that he would consider whether he could institute some reform in the direction of an audit, and there the matter must rest for the present. He indulged ia an interest ?Tg official reminiscence of forty years ago, He told the House that when ha was Secre tary for the Colonies he applied his share of the secret service money to purchasing annuities for royalists who had sustained losses ia our wars with America, 'RTrwATurA-RT.-E Pbatebs. — The Chaplain of the American House of Representatives recently opened the session with the follow ing prayer :—' We beseech Thee, Almighty God, halp the people of this country to learn that monay gained otherwise than as Thou commandest, by the-raeat of the face, as the fair and honest wage of honourable, manly work of brain or hand, is gained by theft, no matter how we name the stealing; that money is never converted into wealth unless it ceases to be the pander of our lusts and lifts us above the kvel of the animal, lifting us to the graces of life, elevating our hearts to manly aspirations, making us kindly with our kind, patient to God's laws, and reverent to ours elves. Bid the land, we beseech Thee, of all game3tars, whether they gamble with dice, or cards, or chips, or with wheat, or stocks, or corn, or cotton. Deliver us from the influence and power of robbers, who. enticing their victims to Boards of Trade, and Stock Exchanges, and 'bucket shops, name their practices of plunder 'shearing the lambs.' Enlighten our intelligence with Thy truth, sweeten and deepen oar humanity with Thy love, quicken our piety with Thy spirit, and may Jesus Christ become more and more the Master and Ruler of our lives and characters and thoughts We pray through His hallowed Name. Amen.' On another oco»ion the Chaplain delivered the following prayer:— M Give Tear, O, God of Jacob, and aw *ken us to see the danger which threatens the civilized world of a revolution more itre mendous than any of which history tells, in which the scenes of the reign cf terror may be enacted in every capital of Eirope and America. For Ion? the few have mastered the many because they understood the open secret, * tools to them that can use them ;' but now the many have learned the secret of organization, drill, and dynamite. Eouse the rich of this world to understand that the time has come for grinding, selfish monopoly to cease ; that corporations may get souls in them with justice, honour, conscience, and human kindness. Teach the. rich of this country that great fortunes are lent them by Thee for other purposes than to build and decorate palaces, to found private collections of art, to stock wine cellars, to keep racing studs and yachts ; and may they find better company than ostlers, grooms, jockeys, poolsellera, and book makers. Teach them, O God, that it is Thou who hast given them the power to get these fortunes ; that ii is to prove them to know what is in their hearts, whether they will keep Thy commandments or no ; and that those commandments are—* Thou shall love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and thy neighbour as thyself;' that if the rich men of our land keep these command ments the poor will follow their example, and we, at least, will be saved from the days of tribulation that are fast coming on all the world. Help us, OGod, and save fas.' Mr. iGrosvenor, of Ohio, asked unanimous consent that this prayer be printed in the Record. Mr. James, of New York, ob-' jected, remarking, sotto wee, to a gentle man who asked him to withdraw his objec tion, that it was because the prayer was an incendiaiy speech. ; . The Deceased Wife s Sister Bill. — This Bill (writes our London correspondent) has been thrown out of the House of Lords by a majority of 22. .This is a- retrograde Etep on the part of the Peers, because on more than one occasion they have affirmed the principle of the Bill and even read it a second time. The Duke of St. Albans moved the second reading of the Bill, He showed that the verse in Leviticus upon which the opponents of the measure chiefly relied only prohibited a man marrying two sisters at the same time, as was done when Jacob married both Eachel and Leah. The Dake stated that the first canon forbidding marriage with a deceased wife's sister was passed about the year a.d. 305 ; and he aptly remarked that if this canon is to be regarded as authoritative, so also ought another passed at the same time, which prohibited a man from marrying a widow. There is apparently no answer to such arguments, but the Dake of Argyll, who has repeatedly given his official assent to Indian and Colonial Statutes legalizing such marriages, delivered a powerful speech against the Bill. Only one man on the Episcopal Bench— that is the Bishop of Peterborough— could ha.ve dealt with tie subject in such a stiain of impressive eloquence, : . The 'Son o? Heaven' and Hia Anges tobs' Tombs,— Writing Df a recent visit paid, by the Emperor of China to the tombs of his ancestors, HheNorih China Herald (Shanghai), of May 7 writes :— ' When the Emperor left: the City of Pekin quite a large part of the population went with him. Twenty thou sand at least were in the procession, and there were more than 10,000 carts, wagons, and other conveyances, The Emperor is borne in a chair with sixteen bearers, who are trained to their work, are all tall men of the same height, and are forbidden to smoke, cough, or spit, nor must they utter even a whisper. The Emperor sita in.agla3B chair. There is a single large sheet of plate glass on each Bide, through which he can see distinctly. He wears the ordinary costume of a Manchu gentleman. When the procession left the palace gates itentered upon a carefully levelled road, covered with yellow earth, on which net a stone or a stick could be seen. A troop of about fifty horsemen, distributed before and behind the Emperor, rode on in good order, there being no sound heard but the tramp of the horses' feet. No one was allowed to be in the stieets except per sons having duties connected with the Im perial progress, but all along the way small hole3 were perforated through the shop ahutter3, and a thousand eyes were watching to catch a sight of the Son of Heaven and of the Empress in their yellow chairs. To those outside the city more liberty is allowed. The people are permitted to look on, but they must kneel at a distance of not less than 20 or SO yards from the Emperor. Several persons seized the opportunity to prostrate themselves on the road in Eight of the Emperor. Their object was to have attention drawn to their personal grievances. According to the rale on such occasions they were taken into custody by the officers of the Board of Punishments, and the results of the enquiries into their cases have not yet been made known, This ia a recognised legal mode of appealing to the Emperor, but all such persons are treated as criminals pending a judicial decision. There is something very unlike Western custom in this also. The Emperor is accommodated in buildings called Hsing Kung. They are sufficiently numerous on the line of way to allow of the Emperor taking refreshment when ever he requires, and sleeping at the proper intervals. Tents are set tip round these Imperial hotels, and here the Government officers are accommodated. The land taxes by special edict were dimi nished foi each department through which the Emperor passed to the extent of four parts in ten. There is no mention made of special favours bestowed beyond this, but as it is usual to reduce the year's taxes by only three tenths on such occasions, the young Emperor has now gained some reputation for liberality. As the Empress Dowager and the Emperor's father also went on this visit to the tombs, all the appointments of this progress of SO miles for the performance of sacrifices to the Emperor's ancestors would be very complete. It was a spectacle of magnificence which delighted the eyes of all who observed it. Tke foreign residents in Pekin were, however, not allowed to witness it. As usual, a request was made that, in con formity to custom, they would not appear on the line of route on the days of the Emperor's going and returning.' Etvee Levels.— The following figures Bhoxr the state of the rivers at the undermentioned places at 9 a,m. on Monday, July 5 :— Murray —Swan Hill, 3 ft. 7 in.; Euston, 1 ft. 11 in.; Overland Corner, below summer level. Murrumbidgee— Gundagai and Hay,_ below summer level ; Wagga Wagga, 10 inches ; Balranald, summer level. Darling— Bourke, 27 feet, falling; Louth, 25 ft. 3 in., rising; Tilpa, 29 ft. 3 in., rising; Wilcannia, 2o Ft. 9 in., rising; Menindie, 18 ft. 10 in. ; Poon carie, 16 ft. 1 in.; Wentwcrth, 4 ft. 5 in. Barwon and Namoi — Mogil, over banks, stationary: Mungundi, 27 feet, falling; Namoi, 12 ft. 10 in.; Barwon and Walgett, 37 ft. 6 in,; Erewarrina, 26 ft. 6 in.; Culgoa and Goodoga, 10 feet, rising. Immigration and Ejuigbation. — The number of immigrants who landed at PovS Adelaide during the week ending Jnly 3 was 217\. Of these 188 came from Melbourne, 8 from Sydney, and 21 from Western Aus tralia. The number ot emigrants who em barked from the Port during the same period was 273. Of thesa 10 went to London, 238 to Melbourne, 23 to Sydney, and 2 to Bris bane, being a loss to the colony of 56. St. John Ambulance Association.— The following pupils were successful ia passing the examination of ability to render first aid to the injured, held at Port Adelaide on the 1st inst. fay Dr. T. W. Corbin, the authorized examiner :— Rev. J. Hall Angus, Messrs. J. J. Earle, E. J. Hieatt, T. L. Lindsay. Thomas Low, E. Le Messurier, J. R. McColl, E. C Ninnes, David Morris, John Wallace, E. Walmsiey. Meeting op Sheaeebs.— Mr. Coad, the Secretary of the Shearers' Union, desires us to say he did not remark that the Victorian shearers were better than the South Aus tralian. What he said was that he had met as good men from Victoria as he had met in South Australiai 