Postscript. Just a year later the public was shocked by the account of a murder, which, in its circum- stances, . .exceeded, the measure of brutality usually connected with such crimes. It.was the murder of a lonely old maiden lady by her butler—a butler to _ whom, as it appeared, she had been in the habit of showing exceptional kindness. I read the account with about the same degree of shuddering disgust, I suppose, as my neighbors; but. without any feeling of a per sonal character, until it transpired in the course of the evidence that the murderer's name was Harris—a name by which I had once, and once only, heard Mrs, Smith, of Longmain's, address her butler. I dismissed the thought at once as far as I was able. Had not I had enough of giving the reins to my imagination? Was not Harris an extremely, common name? Almost as common as Smith. But when the trial came on, which, as the crime had been committed shortly. before the assizes, it did very soon after the committal to prison, I, • perhaps unknown almost to myself, foliowed it with a keener interest than, but .for .this trifling cir cumstance, I should have done. The trial was a short one; the evidence overwhelming; the man found guilty, con- demned, and executed, without any sentimen- talist being found to petition the Home Secre- tary in his favor. On the evening before his execution he made tp the-gaol chaplain a full confession of hiscrime; andnotonlyof that one which brought him to the gallows but of a previous one, which he had been prevented from carrying beyond the stage of intention by a curious accident. What that curious accident was you Bhall hear,-and -judge of-my feelings- on reading-. the following - extract • from, the murderer's confession:— "In January of last year I was living in the service of Mr. Smith, of Longmains. I was at very low water at the time; over head and ears in debt, and did. not.-know, where to turn for money which I wanted desperately, and felt that I- must obtain by-fair mean3 or foul. My chief inducement for entering Mr. Smith's service had been that I had acciden- tally heard that he was in the habit of keeping considerable sums of money in the house, for the purpose of paying the weekly, wages of the workmen employed upon some extensive drainage works which he had undertaken. " I thought on reaching. Longmains that I had never seen a house better adapted to . my purpose. It was as lonely a spot as I have ever seen; the Btables at an unusual distance from the ball, and .no .dwelling-house within less than a.quarter of . a mile. The establish- ment consisted, as to men, of myself and one footman; but about a .week after my arrival the footman fell ill, and had to be sent home. " I had not yet matured my plans, though I had ascertained that Mr. Smith kept his money in a strong-box in bis business-room,.and that in the case of his absence. Mrs. Smith had charge of the key, when one morning my master was unexpectedly. .summoned from home, leaving me alone with the mistress and the female servanta-in-the house. " Such an opportunity, which,-very probably, might not soon occur, again, was, I felt, not to be lost. Mrs. Smith's habits were such as to favor my project. She usually sat in her boudoir, situated in a rather isolated part of the house, until...late, :at,-.night. It made up my mind to wait until the - . rest ot the household , had r.etired, and then to go to Mrs. Smith's boudoir on the pretext of taking coals for the fire,..obtain from her the key of the strong box, by fair means if pos- sible ; but if she resisted—and she was a reso- lute woman—I had determined to shoot her ithrough the head, having provided myself with Ia revolver for the purpose; furnish myself with as much money as I could get hold of, and make tracks for America. I was prevented I from carrying out this intention by a very un- looked for accident. " Late in the afternoon— the afternoon of that day—the weather was extremely bad, snowing hard, with a high wind,. and bitter cold—a lady arrived in a fly to call on my mis- jtress. I could see that my mistress was greatly surprised when I. took in the lady's card; for as far as I could make out she was very slightly |i acquainted with ber, and lived a matter of twenty miles off. " I have never to this day-made out why she came. We all thought she was off her head, and I believe she was.1 My mistress certainly thought so, all the more when she asked leave to stay the nicht. I could see that my mistress was very much annoyed, and rather alarmed; but as the lady, would not go there was no help for it; stay she must. "I was a good deal upset at first, as I was afraid her being there would knock my plan on the headj.buj; afterwards I- comforted myself with,the though^, that she would be sure to go to bed early,1 fired with her long drive, and I should find Mrs. Smith alone in her boudoir.' "I lit them their bedroom candles in the drawing-room at ten, and then went off to wait, i I would not risk it till twelve. By that time everyone would be sure to be in bed and asleep. I thought I never had known time go so slowly, but at last ,theclockpointed ,to five minutes to twelve. I put my revolver in my pocket, took up the coal-box, went upstairs, and knocked. (Mrs, Smith's ivoice said, 'Come in,' and I opened the door. " What was my,horror to find the ,strange lady still sitting-there with my mistress ? " The sight of her took me so aback that I did not know whether to come in or not, and as I was hesitating Mrs. Smith said, ' We do not want any more coals. You may go to bed, Harris,' or something like that. And all the while the strange lady was staring at me. so oddly, as white as _ a ghost, that I began to think she must have somehow found out what I was after. Her being there and her looking at me. like that altogether made me feel so queer that I actually shut the door and went away again.; I thought I would put it off till next night. But on the following day Mr. Smith returned, and I had never another chance!" I had no sooner reached this last word than I rose to my feet. I was certainly a yard taller than when 1 sat dowin " Girls !" said I, calling to them in a voice of solemn-authority, and as they gathered round, ".be so good as to-read-those paragraphs," pointing to them with my finger. I watched their faces as they did so, and when they had finished I said, turning la. Alice, in a voice of more than mortal dignity, "You see that wis- dom is justified of her child." I was interrupted by the door opening and a ;ady rushing past the footman to precipitate herself into my arms. It was Mrs. Smith, of Longmains, come to thank me for having saved her life, and to apologise, with team for having thought me ripe for Bedlam, The End. 