THE CAULFIELD RACES, I BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] 'I- [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] AT MELBOURNE, August 22. THE Victorian Amateur Turf Club Grand National Steeplechase Meeting at Caulfield on Saturday proved a thorough success. The weather was cold during the morning and the attendance was very large. The going was rather heavy. The following are the results of the various events i SAPLING STAKES. Sunshade, 7st 71b.(Sanndora) 1 Kplourcan 7st. 7lb (O'Brien) 2 Carnival 7st 7lb. (Bence) 3 Trust, Pingaree, Bira, Fenton, The Dreamer, Master Norman, Dargin, Falka, Alexandria, Nectarine, Julian Gray, Qucery, Golden Fleece, Protos, and Grand Gasnist also ran. Betting : 3 to 1 v. Sunahado, 5 to 1 Caanist, 6 to 1 Epicurean, 10 to 1 each Query. and Carnival. Won by about half-a-length ; Carnival third three lengths further back, Trust fourth, Time, 'lOaocs. HANDICAP HURDLES, Bonillo Ind Ost. (Gnrdlnor) 1 Distiller. lOst .... - (Memory 2 Huntsman, list, lib. (Corrigan) 3 The others who started wore Ruby, Ocean, Koolyto, Tantalise, Sinking Fund, Grattan, Whalebone Louis, Townley, and Sultan. Betting : 5 to 2 each v. Huntsman and Ocean, 7 to 1 Bonnie Lad, 10 to 1 Sinking Fund, 100 to 8 Townley. Distiller was brought up just too late, and lost the race by a neck. Huntsman was three lengths off, Sultan fourth, and Louis fifth. Time, 4min. 33sec. PULLING RACE. Cuba. 7et. 131b..(O'Brion) 1 MabolGrny 7st. 3lb. (Marnoo) 2 Malooitrida, 7st. 5lb, .. _ . (Power) 3 Liddington, Meerschaum, and Isabel also started. Betting 6 to 1 v. Mabel Gray, 7 to 4 Cuba. Won by three-quarters of a length, Malcagridn, four lengths off, third Time, 1min. GRAND NATIONAL STBICPLK0IIA8K. Raine. 12st. 12th (Corrigan) 1 Contingent. 9st. 7lb. (Allen) 2 Terang, lOst. lib. (Oaroy) 3 The other starters were Lady Ashton, Native, The Irishman, Wickliffe, and Havelock. Botting : oven on Game, 6 to 1 v. Lady Ashton and Wickliffe, 8 to 1 Terang, 10 to I Irishman, 12 to 1 Contingent. Game started with the lead, Irishman close in attendance At the stand treble, Native ran down the fence and collided with the favourite and Lady Ashton took the lead past the stand. Havelock refused at the fence on the hill. At the back of the course Lady Ashton still led, Native a length behind, and Wickliffe, Terang, Irishman, Game, and Contingent following in that order. Wickliffe drew up to Lady Ashton, but the mare led up to the trouble a second time. Game stopped in the mud at the first fence, and rapped smartly, this being the only mistake he made. Wickliffe led up to the fence on the hill, but the jump brought down Terang. At the next fence Native came to grief, and Lady Ashton was headed by the Irishman. Contingent, Game, and Wickliffe followed in that order. At the back of the course Lady Ashton fell, but was remounted. Going down the railway side Contingent led. Wickliffe- and Irishman fell at the log fence, and only Game and Contingent were left in the race. The favourite had Contingent entirely at his command, and Corrigan galloped home an easy winner by three lengths. Terang gained third place Time, 5min. 38sec. BALACLAVA STAKES. Pocahontas, 03. (lib. ... (Gorroy) 1 Quintin Matsep. 8-it.(Power) 2 Honeybee, Oat. 131b.(Toniillne) 3 The other starters were Ghuckiitcr, The Ghost, Gardenia, Camerino, Straight Shot, Bridegroom, Maroney, Proston Lands, St. Paul, Kenneth, Western, Black Diamond, Hogmanay, Mia Mia, Maori Chief, Millstream, St. Louie, Protector, Lord Sutton, and Ex Premier. Botting v 5 to 1 v. Pocahontas, 0 to 1 Gardenia, 7 to 1 Straight Shot and Hogmanay, 8 to 1 Quintin Matsep, 10 to 1 Maroney. Won by a neck. Time, 1min. 37sec. EARLY on Saturday morning a mob of bullocks was being driven over Victoria Bridge, when one wilder than his fellows escaped the vigilance of the drovers and turned back into Queen-street. A drover at once gave chase, but the bullock increased his speed and dashed down Queen-street as far as Albert- street. A harmless police constable was standing near the Australian Hotel, and the bullock seeing him at once rushed at him. The constable nimbly eluded the onslaught, and the bullock slipped down in the gutter. The efforts to secure the easterly increased the fury, and regaining his foot he resumed his wild career down Queen street and turned into Edward street, where he rushed at a hansom cab (No. 154) The horse taking fright, bolted with the cab along Edward-street to Alice-street, thence to William-Street. The horse and cab literally flew along this street to the North Quay, and dashing over heaps of stones and huge logs of wood near the Ice Works, the horse finally came to earth near Turbot-street, Strange to relate, the cab, beyond the severe shaking, sustained no more damage than a smashed lamp and broken window. The bullock which had caused this extraordinary chase was "rounded" in Edward- street and driven back to the mob on the bridge. The Legislative Council's amendments in the Employers' Liability Bill were considered in the Legislative Assembly last evening (says the Globe of Saturday last) It was found that the Upper Chamber had struck out seamen and domestic servants from the list of persons who would have the right to sue for injuries caused by negligence of employers, and that several other amendments had also been made. On the other hand, the measure was made a permanent one, instead of for three years only at the previous Act had been, and after a short conference of the supporters of the bill it was resolved not to object to the amendments for fear of jeopardising the measure, but rather to bring in an amending bill next session. The amendments were then adopted, and the bill, therefore, now only awaits the endorsement of the Governor to become law. RELIABLE ironworkers say that the rumours afloat concerning wholesale dinchnrijo« of men from the local foundries, originated with iron masters who hope thereby to frighten the Government into acceding to their demands. Work is slack, but discharges are only made by twos and threes, and then most generally among the unskilled hands who are about as much ironworkers as they are sharp-shooters. Observer "Labour Notes." THE ordinary meeting of the Trades and Labour Council will be held on Tuesday. THE Post and Telegraph Department advise as follows: - "Madras notifies Turkish route right to Pera." SUBSCRIPTIONS to the South Brisbane and Suburban Permanent Building Society are payable to-night, A LAND Board Court for the determination of rents and other business will be held at the offices of the board to-morrow. A MEETING of the Booroodabin Divisional Board Appeal Court will be held, at the Police Court, at 11 o'clock on Wednesday morning. THE treasurer of the Broadway Congregational Church acknowledges the receipt of 125 to wards the building fund debt THE drill instructor of the Brisbane Volunteer Rifle Corps will be in attendance at the drill-shed this afternoon to receive rifles. MR. G. LIONEL LUKIN has been appointed visiting justice to the Rockhampton Gaol and official visitor to the Reception-house, Rockhampton, vice B. Cribb, transferred. THE deposits in the South Brisbane Weekly Penny Savings Bank on Saturday amounted to £9 22. The amount deposited at the Wharf street Penny Bank on the same evening was Silos, id. 