THE HAY HANDICAP. (To the Editor of the Riverine GrtzierA Sir — Kindly allow mo to roply brioflv to a lottor ap pearing in your lust issue, *dgnod C. W, Browor. In the first placo tho writor fun not attempted to rofuto anything I sai I in roforonco to tho handicap, but upon tho other hand ho brings for.vard furthor proof (if any wero roquiriod) of tho absurdity of th i production, by quoting C-nun's weisht. Dtubtlou it \a nnnovintv to Hcctor's owner gotting a stono and two pounds moro upon his horso at Nu*randora than horo, but suroly ho did not suppose thero woro two mon in N.S.W., who could fall into tho orrors that MrVowlos did. I pass ovor his weak attempt at wit about my ac cepting with Junius after writing ray lottor, moroly remarking that I thought ho had beon long onough amongst racohorses to know that a man ofton accopti upon the off chance of most of tho other horses not coming to tho post. As witno33 Ivanhoo, thi-ty nominators; four startors. Now us to my remark to a friond. Woll, I did say wh it ho imputes to mo, becauso I was, and still am, undor tho impression that tho horso is not tit, but th* handicappor is not supposod to know this, and this samo friond (?) told mo that C. VV. B's. faco had worn a continual grin over sinco ho saw tho Hvv weights. Junius came homo in front of Holoo at Ilillstm tho sajond day, both a vory loag way bohind tlio winner, I but Helon wont out so soro that ovorj'ono who has j spoken to mo about it sinco has said it was eruelty to j animals to start hor. It sooms to me that C.W.B's. Inextromark is slightly inconsistent, for aftor taking mo to task for greeting, as he calls it, ovor ray woight, ho now informs me that I have not a ghost of a fchow of winning tho Handicap, tho vory thing which I on doavored to show in my own lottor. At tho samo timo ho attempts to throw a littlo dust in tho eyes of the handicappers, by saying that Hector is a light of other days. I hold a man has a perfect right to von tilato a griovanco if ho has cno. I did not wish to injuro any othor horso. in tho raco, raeroly to show how badly mv own was used, but although surprise I at my comparing any othor horses with my own, h j doos the samo in tho caso of Comus. Might not h'- owuor bo inconsod as woll ? Remember this, Chorlio, my boy, porsonalitie* aro not arguraonts, and whon you accusod mo of working oraclos to suit myself, I can only suppose that you measure other people's corn by your own bushel. As to your somewhat uncalled f-r rorairks about my Hillston friends, nnd I am very glad to say that I havo vory many of them, thoy can afford to smilo at anything you may aay of thom; and I have lived too long to be hurried out of my discreetness, either by pats from frionds or advice from boys. — Yours, &c; , E. It. BREWER. 