? ........... ^Edinburgh djavi ^ j^ e ^ ^ u fiip o .p f.S a fit^ c u rP a rk , ab’s in g - h e r appearance iu ilio tfjjtfli? bjP l’tniHd A f’ ’ihfeati Ig'hJLHnit‘ be&i; 'W rifeo' “ -BAnl n" f ' ‘s i r th e r j '“ A v ^ u e //. rfn r..in XlnamiAB’’’ o.nrt nfJid nt previously A t ihe Hayniarkfel t. tfe.'»ewJ^j5iece MNadgwdfi" toemiii V%ff& •‘o f 3 the '<toar ‘’ And tue . Russians generally. 1"A member <Jf thBfirflte'vras in ; fact sent off to mnlce t6 ,'',wheti the tmcAmplimentory Allusions' iv.ould cea^e, arid ’ jtetoruing-j'with the 'ne'e's that thcrt- ■•iMntiij'tfM'thMJUghbiit tbe ptecfe, the Ducbtss concluded ' to swallow tlie f i t t e r pilland remain to the on d, which she did, with* an) ^expression. th at ■yrould baveAimibilated either mana- ^erjorauthovrbad lie come within tue range of its Imperial resentment. The daughter.of all the Czars, houf* jerpr;; can ‘ smile when she ohoosc^. ■with a dignified gracioasuess which is all the more appreciated at Eastwell.and the neighbourhood, in that we dwellers in the city of fog and smoke are never favored with a 'glim pse'of its rare sunshine. I t is, or ought to he, well-known that slic was beloved in her own country, and ‘lieldved not only by the poor, hot also th e “ prisoner*, and captives” whose pardon 6be never missed an opportunity of imploring from her august -father, ’ This recent' outbreak of theatrical dissipation is the prelu d e ip jthe parting between the .PjjQhess and.Jber husband, Who is to Cleave for Malta, the week after next as commander-in-chidf of the ’Mediterranian squadron, hn apppintment which does not ineet with general favor, as can readily he ■imagined. I ought, whilst on the topio'of matters theatrical, to have ’ deluded to the adverse judgment .which has just been given against \- -the Swanboroughs, by which Mrs 'Swariborongb, now between eighty hfftl hinety; years of age, has "been suspended from, her discharge of rhankrtfptey for &.period of two ‘years, ‘and her sons for one. The* expense twice rebnildingtheSfcrand'Theatre ffie second time as recently as 3882, in-.compliance with the exigencies of t i e Board of "Works, followed ‘by the '.production in succession of two unsuccessful pieces, has had a great deal to do with gradual involvements and losses, and the decision -cam* rather hard on this old and respectable family of actors, numbering amongst its hard-working members the daughter Ada, an aciJ’fc&s-of; much “ go ” in her own pronocnced and rather loud style, -and her sister-in-law, Eleanor Buftoney formerly a charming burlesque prince, and always a most useful and a-cliable general actress. Sir Edward .-Swanborough, who bad been actingmanager at their own theatre, is now ‘‘filling a similar position at the Pavilion Music Hall—a terrible falling off in prestige and actual reality; and even this temporary engagement was conditional on bis obtaining bis discharge. I remarked ihc other day. at the marriage of Miss Mary Gladstone and the Rev. Hurry Drew, a return to tba sweet simplicity of book muslin, both as regarded the dress of the bride and that of her youthful bridesmaids. Tn former days half a dozen yards of the material would have suiliced for the ball-room eostume of the ideal ingenue, but more than that quantity must have beeu taken up by the bride’s tbree-yard train alone, la the matter of dress, I suppose nobody. c< ■even Mrs Langtry in her creations J,p .Worth, will feel inclined to enter the ■ricks with the fair Margherita of fSucroy, Queen of Italy, who has just ibeou pronounced by ati American iiady, we presume an ” expert” in such nnattew, the best dressed woman in Europe. Even at tbifl juncture of gi'imijg.political events nnd changes, the Daily Telegraph devotes a leader of more than a column to the importan t subject, reverting to the time ,of the accession to the throne <af \fev <Hoy&] husband. Humbert, vlien strict economy was the oi*der of ^ W -day, and in consequence tbe priceles'* b^h'loojns of the house *f Savoy, an(i ihe splendid marriage gifts of diomnwdg afld.other matchless gems were wc>rn by this palest and purest peari of aiV, ‘is^^ghcrita the Queen, with ioilcts of i-h® most absolute fiimplicaiy, such as have been idonned by any debutante the days ■when young girls did not array themselves in siTfcjB and brocade. I have not time nor apace to enter iato a detailed doscription of ihe elaborate, ths tasteful, glories of these latter, day royal costumes. Neither can 1 chronicle the numberless and more or Jess useful and ornamental marriage g itts bestowed on Mias Mary Gladstone, which were enuxuer. «ted At length in many of the papers, though the usual Indian A aw l was wanting. Some of lie presents took tbe sensible practical form pf cheques for various amounts; there were also many books, some presented by the authors, nota- My Tennyson's Works by Lord Tena n d 4>The Epie of Hades” by tbe STeJab bard Lewis Morris. Newman's Sermons, and the works of John Morley, her father’s new Irish Chief Secretary. There is a fine incongruity in the Tapprochevu-n t of some of these various thinkers which appeals to one9* sense of tbe general fit. amb of things that eo frequently displays itself in marriage presents. .Sir John Lubbock's list of the best jhuttdxtd books is still calling forth other lists, letters, and suggestions. M * were compiling a list for *ny youn^ Lbraiy, I should oeriatnly hiC4ttlJI“ J a brochure recently published Irr Ansars Griffith and Karran, of St. Churchyard. Under the comprch^*®*^® tl W hat « a Lady ?” ?i tho question by telling ns every *hfng that .A ladj ia mat or ought not to btf, P n ‘ihe,ques^ou of intolerance its rem aps and the reflections seem to md sd just and good, that 1 cannot refijain from quoting them. Tbe writer says: “ The naiTpwnsflfi of petty prejudice, liyliiqh thinks-its own way the only ■w a j, inrick to^ Tri rioprecatoA1 argaes self-conceit, winch to jeasenfaially unladylike habit of mind. Many - other wise, wall 'fcrtMgbfc HP* and; ■wall - iaaintored fhay.e .this defect, which .spqa far. to m ar all thoir social chaijme. Shifty 'jtidg'd 'everybody and everyth in # by ^ne small narrow flt&mlprd;, -s ih S ith e y h are been accustomed to do t h e m s 9*’ L r i s e e n done by ! th e ir own families. A nything w hichj iaU sA liortA f Jhe.-stAndiudjorldepaa-ts from ttic have »{' up i n theirow D nitrias is iutolerabl to itb e m , yind.-iin i o r h »thny. nlo^m: tolerate it. The-attitudu of toUit&twj; iofravds' those Who1disngi’ee vrith uj ■fittfl of reepoct'fdr 'opi'nHo'i^ wii'icli w; do jiafc'ouiTsplvfs"'.holtl,] |s :,qpe' Vki< gives a grealor grac^' to th e m apnci of .a'flady tlm u gjnjpst hnyv^th^r. 1 i s ’ perfectly com patible' w ith t l ( ten u re of stro n g personal; x>pinioti and beliefs, a n d fiom being a sigu c f neatness is a pioof o f strength. - 5 T h e duty of tolerance lies w th e w ider vision ‘V hicb makfcn omrui'fi character so lovely—th duly of tolerance whiqli she shoiiiid motit cudearor to fulfil. For it is Ji<|t easy to be tru ly tolej'aut, even to -be to le ra n t a t all, sometimes, especiaUv for those who believe ard ently and feel keenly. B ut until a womaiu leanas this gi*ace in a t leapt some slig h t degree, o r attem p ts to learn it, she cannot be really well m annered A g reat gush of correspoudance has iscu iu tlie colum ns of a northerii p ap er concerning some articles beaded 4iO u r Young Ladies.” A m ongst the num erous lettera thei*e is one tb a t produce, as it contains th e o utpourings of some A u stralian bard which seem to have struck th e ininil of th e honest countrym en as apposite to tUo diicussioo. A u stralian papers, you see, find th e ir w ay in to all quarters. To tbe E ditor of the Weekly Chronicle.— Sir-r-1 caunoL understoud w hy any of youi: correspondents, especially the ladies, should feci annoyed-at the commonsense, tru th fu l articles w ritten by Lillie Han*' am quite sure Lillie never p u ts dow n anything in malice, and if all our young ladies would ju st take partial view' of the subject they would be all tb e better fo r th e sound whole some advice Lillie gives them . Be sides 'O u r Young Ladies’ is a subject o f deep iu terest frem here to .the a n tipodes. \- • An A u stralian lady n o v e list. of g re a t originality and talen t, Mrs Cam pbell Pracd,’ has. ju st published a novel descriptive of Q ueensland life abd m anners, which th e critics pronounce the best she h as yet w ritteh. T he H ead Station* <aV greatd em and at all th e libraries, and w ill certainly enhance its w rite r's n putation. I t is quite free from tl reproach th at has attached to some of h e r other works, as having been w ritte n on somewhat risky and unpleas­ a n t subjects ; in fact, i6 uot only p erfectly novel but very healthy in tone. Fair esthetic young ladies in the colonies m ay he am used w ith th e Pall M all Gazelle's account o f an A m erican Oscar, w ith which J dll close m y le tte r this w eek :— One hears but little of M r "Wilde ju st now—Oscar of course, not Jonathan. I t m ay be th a t bis work is done; it- may be ibafc b e is h atching some Cult. Rum or sayetli not. He is robably happy, though m arried. H e ometimes haunts th e public places, u t th e ghost only of his form er elf. W e paint here some sketches token from an A m erican p a p e r of a oung man, now said to be th e rage the (esthetic circles of Am erica, who 16 known l)y the sobriquet of ' Beautiful Edm und Russell.’ The apostle of ccfttbetccism en ters the lecture room with a halo of golden waving locks about his head, and with a little ham m er lie demofishes the Viuos and the oilier objects uf falsa a rt th a t his teachings have caused his hearers to deepis when he 1ms finished ohjppj the china his (esthetic legs a re knee deep iu th e debris. Count Plulistine once brought a bronze vase for Rufiiell to exercise his ham m er W ith a gesture of extrem a disdain he threw the bronze into the stove. Russell teaches what, he calls beautiful in dress, in home suit ing6, in wedding*—even in funerals W hen lie scats himself bofor canvas he is clad in a G recian toke. H o is evolving an artistic drapery for men like the clinging gow ns he ha made so popular w ith th e gentler eex. M r Russell is going to Europe iu th e spring, aud there w ill doubt Jess be a contest of th e snnflow between hjnj and tbe O scar W ilde. Mr Russell will take his little ham ­ mer -with him, and use it as a battle- R r-the-w ay, M r and i t r s Nicholas Fitzgerald, ol Melbourne, have been staying for a few days w ith tin new Foreign Secretary, Lord Rosebery, and his clever a n d acoom plished wife a t Menlmore. 