A CURIOUS CASE. Bx ABTHUB W. Nyca. 'A gentleman wishes to see you, Hr. .Harrison,' said the clerk of the law firm of Harrison & Holliday to the senior member of tho firm. 'Show hin) io, Marston. Be sure you have those papers in the Lawson case ready by twelve,' said Mr. Harri- son. ' Yea, sir,' answered Marston. Re- turning in a moment, he ushered in a gentleman whom he announced as * Mr. Baiph Waterman.' ' Good morning, sir ; take a seat. I will talk to you in one moment.' Now, this was a set phrase with Mr. Harrison to all strangers who entered his office. Immediately after uttering it he would turn his attention busily to some papers on his desk, and, while ostensibly absorbed in them, he would, really be examining the person sitting before him. This is what he en- deavoured to dd with this visitor, but he was exceedingly annoyed to find that the tables were being turned. The stranger was very critically examining him. Finding he was losing time by trying to read this man, he laid down his papers and raised his eyes to the face of the stranger, to find him looking at bim very coolly, to say the least. ' Well, Mr.-Waterman, I believe, you will state your business with me ? I have to be in court at half-past ten, and it now lacks forty five minutes ot that time,' said Mr, Harrison, looking at his watch. ' Ralph Waterman is my name, Mr. Harrison, and my business is entirely in your line. You probably remember the death, some fourteen year6 since, of Clinton Wilson, and the peculiar will that was left by him ?" ' Yes, I remember that quite well, and also that there was considerable talk of breaking the will, but it was never done.' \- ' Well, in the past few years I have had every reason to doubt the genuine- ness of that will, and I have been im- pressed with the idea that the will ad- mitted to probate was a forgery-that ÎB, I mean the body of the will was forged.' 'The deuce you have ! May I ask how you came to this remarkable con- clusion, and in what manner are you interested?' asked Mr. Harrison, quite excited for him. 'One at a time, Mr. Harrison, please; As to the first queston, the answer is that my conclusion has been arrived at after fourteen years' study of the matter. To your second ques- tion, my interest lies in this fact; I was the son of Clinton Wilson ; an illegiti- mate son, but his son for all that." * Is it possible ? I have heard some story about his having an illegitimate child, but I thought it was a rumour. Wei!, what are vou going to do about tfiis?' ' Mr. Harrison, you will have to go back in your mind to the date of the marriage of Clinton Wilson, seventeen Íears ago, with Caroline Mowbray. I how you were acquainted with all the parties, and that is why t have come to you. I was at that time pri- vate secretary to Mr. Wilson. I did not know then he was my father. I had been acting in that capacity to him from the time I left school. I eould never understand why he took such an interest in me. He always said, whenever I thanked him, ' Oh, don't, mention it. Your father was my best friend, and left you in my charge.' As I had an easy position and a good home, I was, as a rule, satisfied with this answer ; but there were times when I speculated on what had become of ihat father. I was nineteen years old, and Mr.. Wilson was forty-one. Well, as l was saying, we will go back to the date of his marriage with Caroline Mowbray. I know you will remember how it was whispered about that she was simply marrying him tor his money, abd also that she had a lover, a poor young physican.' 'Yes-^yesî I remember all that quite well.* ** There- was «. truth in that rumour, Mr. Harrison. By^the way, «lo you Savannah could tell rou. outside of the trustee. Do you know?' ' Oh yes ; 1 could lay my hands on her nnd her precious husband in twenty-four hours,' answered Water- man. ' Tou can ? And is she married to that old lover, Dr. Walters?' asked Mr. Harrison. ' He is the man. Now, Mr. Harri- son, can you spare the time to hear the balance of the story.' * We have come to the marriage of my father to Caroline Mowbray. borne two years after this, Dr. Walters left Savannah, and no one knew of bis whereabouts. One morning, about ten months after he had left, I noticed a package in the mail addressed to Mrs. Wilson. It was a peculiar-look- ing parcel, and bad a peculiar smell. The hand-writing appeared familiar to me, but I could not place it. About three weeks later another package came, and in the same handwriting. I thought nothing of those things then, but in the light of later develop- ments they came to me with great force. Soon after the arrival of this last package, Mr. Wilson fell ill, and never rose from that bed. He died inside of the month. * Now for some curious facts. The will was in the handwriting of Mr. Wilson, I ut also signed by two wit- nesses. I did not know its contents, except that Mr. Wilson once said laughingly, * I have provided for you in my will, Ralph.' Yet, when the will was read, there was no mention of my name. It left the whole pro- perty, real and personal, to bis ' belov- ed wife, Caroline Wilson, tn trust for life ; at her death to his relatives, share and share alike.* * I happened to be looking at Mrs. Wilson when the trustee read ' in trust,' and 1 distinctly saw her bite her lip until the blood came. Some- how j I began to suspect that woman. I had bl way 6 felt that she would hesi- tate at nothing, and now I felt con- firmed in my suspicions. I asked to see the will, and it was banded to me. The signatures of the witnesses were all right, but the paper was strangely discoloured, and when I raised it closer to my face I noticed again the peculiar odour of the package that had come by mail tb Mrs. Wilson. I thought at once ' It has been tamper- ed with ; but why did she leave the money in trust ?' Then I looked for that, and saw that the space occupied by ' in trust for life, and at her death to his relatives, share and share alike.' was the true colour of the paper. * I made up my mind very quickly what to do, and did it. I must find out what had been the agent used to efface the original will. Quick as thought I pinched off a small corner of the paper that was discoloured and slipped it in my pocket, at the same time handing the will back to Mr. Ogden, the executor. As seen as I could find time I went to a chemist friend, and handing him the paper, asksd him if he could tell me what had been used upon it. He gave me me the technical name, and showed me some of the article. I purchased some from him, and going home sat down to experiment. I wrote upon 6ome paper, and then made a solution of the acid and flooded it. In a few moments every trace of ink had disap. peared. ' Off I went to my friend again, and showed hitit the effect. We both went to work thea to find a chemical that would restore the ink. We could find nothing. I knew there would be no1 use in exposing Mrs. Wilson unless I could produce a chemical that would bring the original writing back. ' Well, Mr. Harrison, to make a long long story short, I took up the study of chemistry, to find a chemipal I wanted. I am now a professer of chemistry in a prominent Northern college, and my fourteen years of pa- tient study and experiments have been rewarded by finding the chemical which will bring Mr. Wilson's original writing back, and I am here to get you to aid me in making the experiment on the document. I discovered the fact of my being his illegitimate abild : though one of bis friends. Now» can yon hèlp>mein this matter?' ?:<?'<\- -,->». -, ¡AW*|V well, «pon my soul, Mft> mentí, but I am bothered how to pro» ceed. Let me see ; I .guess you had better go and see Mr. Ogden, who was the executor and trustee. Come along.' They soon reached Mr. Ogden's office, and afterjntroducing Waterman Harrison related the story to him, and asked his assistance. After talking the matter over they concluded it would be the best to go to the regis- trar's office at once,and see what could be done. They went there, and for the third time the story was told. The registrar said he could not allow the original will to be tampered with, Mr. Harri- son was very much put out, but Water- man said-. ' Mr. Harrison, perhaps if I show the registrar that the will shall not be harmed he will consent.' ' Tes, that is a good idea, Water man. Do that,' answered Harrison. The registrar, Mr. Ogden, Water- man, and Mr. Harrison then went to the latter's office, got a legal document which was of no use, and experimented to the eatislaction of all. ' lhere, gentlemen, I think I have demonstrated very clearly that the will cannot be injured,' ne then said. The registrar was satisfied, and they all repaired to his office again. He procured the will and read it over, and compared it with the copy in the book. He then handed it to Water- man, who commenced preparing the powder; this fae did for a purpose. Soon a peculiar odour filled the room. He then asked each of the gentlemen to smell the will and see if they de- tected in it an odour like the powder he had prepared. They did so and found a slight smell of the acid still clinging to the will. Thowing that powder away, Water- man began to prepare his antidote, as he called it. All the gentlemen gathered around the table to await de- velopments. Waterman commenced to flood the paper very carefully, but, seeing that something was coming, ht flooded the whole. The effect was magical. The gentlemen now saw that. the original writing of Mr. Wilson stood out plain and heavy beside the interlinations, oí the forgery. The colour of the paper changed to pure white. Water- man handed the will to Mr. Ogden, and asked him to read it aloud, which he did : ' " In the name of God, Amen. I, Clinton Wilson, of the city of Savan- nah, in the State of Georgia, being of sound mind, do hereby declare this to be my last will and testament. I must do justice in this testament or I can never meet my God : therefore I deem it best to make this confession. When I was a young man of twenty I met and fell in love with a beautiful girl in the backwoods of the State. Knowing my parents would never give their consent to my union with her, we were married secretly. In a year's time she had died in giving birth to our son. That son still lives and bears the name of Ralph Waterman. My foolish shame for my secret mar- riage kept me long years -from making it public and acknowledging bim, and hence he has grown up in perfect ig- norance of his -relationship to me. I endeavour now to make some amends for my shortcomings. Therefore, be it known that Kal ph Waterman is my son and heir, and to my said beloved son, Balph Waterman Wilson, I de- vise and bequeath the whole of my real and personal property, except one hun- dred thousand dollars, which I devise and bequeath to my beloved wife, Caroline Wilson, in trust for life, and at ber death to my relatives, share and share alike. I hereby appoint Henry Ogden the executor and trustee under the foregoing bequests. . I "GUNTON WILSON.*' ' The signatures of the witnessess fol- lowed. There it all was as piâin as could be. The first to break the silence was Mr, Harrison. ' Mr. Water-!, mean Mr. Wilson, allow an old friend, of your lather's to heartily congratulate you.', ' Thank you, Mr. ' Harrrison ; the name wfccb LfincL tlwre boonga. ;jto Wilson, let us know where they are, se we can arrest them forgery.' ' An officer can find . him to-day at No.-, S-Street, Augusta.' ' Good ! Well, an officer will have thom here to-morrow,' said Mr. Harri son : and he at once went to. the police department and made the charge, and a detective was soon on his way to ar- rest the pair. The next day they were brought to Savannah, and in the presence of the overwhelming evidence of her crime the woman broke down, and confessed how she bad purloined the will from Mr. Wilson's desk and applied the acid ; how she had been practising his handwriting for months, and how in the hurry to get through the acid had j not covered ' in trust for life,' &c.; Dr. Waters had sont her the acid, with in- structions how to use it. Waterman or Wilson then said- | ' But, woman, how about the second j package you received from Dr, Wal* j tera ? You did not imagine your great- ] est sin would not find you out, did you ? What can you say when Î pro- duce a portion of the poison with which you killed my father ? thundered Ralph. 1 * Ob, my God I Have mercy ! have mercy ! I thought noone saw me!' screamed the unhappy woman. Then she commenced to rave, and io ten minutes was a mad woman. Dr, Walters was tried as accessory to the forgery of the will and the mur- der of Mr. Wilson, and received along sentence. Ralph came into his property in a short while, and gave all his business into the hands of Harrison & Holliday, and went abroad. Mrs; Walters died in an insane asylum a lew years later. Her last words were ravings of the dead man, and pleading to have him taken away. -Weekly-Northern Whig. THE DOCTOR'S STORY. ' The power of mind over matter,' observed the President of the N. M. Club, ' is something marvellous to im- ., agine, and absolutely stupendous to contemplate. The soul betrays the ' body, the sword wears out the sheath, the spirit irketh in the fiesh ; and so i the two worlds carry on an internecine war-the world ol worlds:' The club, was sileut under this magniloquent ! exordium, until the medical student nick named * The Ghost,' in a sort of I musical, and melancholy tone, re- marked * I remember a story, Mr. President, so eminently opposite to the great, I truth you would so strongly inculcate, medically, metaphysically, and psy- chologically, that I will, if you please, and to fulfil my duty of the evening, relate it, and as closely in the words of my informant as my memory will serve ' The President bowed a general as- sent, and a rumble of patting toes un- der the table, like a distant roll of kettle drums, announced the approval and expectations of the anxious club. ' The Ghost ' returned the obeisance ol the Presideut, and with a grim meaning smile to his general col- leagues, thus began the story of ' THE LIVE COBPSE.' There was once on a time, and not very long ago either, a Medical Club I assembled together on an evening like this, too, and composed of men, I i should say, equally ardent and anxious I for the development and progress of everything pertaining to medical sci- ence. And it is so happened that one of the papers read at a special meeting of thiB club was on psychological sci- ence, and the treatment of diseases belonging to and / connected with aberrations of the mind and hypocbon driacal extravagance. . The writer and reader of the paper in question concluded his remarks- hy a humorous description of a patient in one of the wards of a neighbouring asylum, who was the great pest of the whole establishment. This poor soul I took into -his erratic. brain, the strange idea that he was dead, and refused to eat, or drink or move, or act in any way but iti that which real- ly was consistent with his own idea of what became a corpse. Consequently, be had tu be sustained in the manner usually adapted to persons unable or unwilling to receive nourishment in. the ordinary way. The ruling passion, the prevailing impression of his heart and soul, was that he was dead, and the great desire of his defunct existence re- solved itself into the perpetual de- mand to have a respectable funeral,, and to be buried speedily and decently in some consecrated burial ground. He could see nothing incon- sistent in the power he possessed to speak and move, and uiake all his de- mands, which he continued to do in- cessantly. On the contrary, he at last became jocose-biting, witty, and sarcastic at the expense of his attendants, and. seemed to take a sort of post mortem ecstasy in the contemplation of all the means adopted, and all the ruses had. recourse to-to prolong the existence of a deadman. When the paper was read and con- cluded, several members of the club made their remarks, and comments,, and suggestions, until it came to the turn of a tall old Irish army surgeon to address the chair. . I have seen some such case as that just described/ said the doctor, ' and I have no doubt that if the treatment of the present case was entrusted to me, I would bring it to a successful issue/ ' The chance is yours,' replied the reader of the paper, ' the asylum and the patient are both at my disposal, and I will be most happy to afford you avery facility to exert your skill and patience upon one of the most refrac- tory and unmanageable cases that I have ever met in a twenty years' prac- tice.' ' Agreed/ said the surgeon., ' When can I see your pet patient ?' 'To-morrow.' Next day came, and saw Doctor Briscoe at the asylum, and in a few more minutes in the ward where lay the live corpse. The poor lunatic was a man about fifty years ot age, .but looking much older, from unkempt hair and beard, a long sojourn in bed, imperfect sustenance, and the stiff,, stretched, and moveless position which he assumed, in order properly to carry out his character and pose as a. thoroughly established corpse. * Hullo ! nurse !' cried the doctor as soon as he entered the wara, * what is the cause of the devil of a smell yon have here V The nurse grinned. A man-nurse caine running at the: doctor's call. 'It must be from the patient, doctor ; there is nothing else wrong, i about the ward.' The corpse chucked. * The patient ! is it this nian here you call the patient ?' * Yes sir.' *- Do you mean this insolence as a joke, nurse?1 4 No, sir. I beg you pardon. I should be very sorry.' , Why thiB man ie dead a month if he is a day, and is creating stench and. I disease through the whole house.' The corpse laughed outright. * This is both ignorance and neglect.. I will report it in the proper place without a day's delay.' The corpse leant up on its elbow and. looked at the doctor with the greatest. I admiration and delight. * You are a brick, doctor, and a whole man, and only I am dead, I. would offer you my hand. But seri- ously speaking, I believe you see your- self how these public establishments are conducted. Here am I-now u. whole month and more-dead-de- composing-putrifyiug'-aHd there are they, the medical resident, tue medical visitor, the medical inspectors--they ¿nd theirs-poking physic down my. jaws, jerkiug soups iuto my body,, reasoning and arguing, and , advising,, adopting wise stratagems, inventing, new plans, watohing opportunities, and pursuing a lot of idiotic and :, fantastic üeváces^for wliat?. 'To circumvent .corpse ; ' bat will voa now ord« oak coffin for me and see me ô buried ?' ' I'll see you in an oak, flanne rat-proof coffin, from the wa Shillelagh before the sun seti mised the obsequious medicus. ' And, for my part,' protest corpse, ' I'll remember your e kindness to me as long as I The doctor retired, and the had the intense gratification t< bira order, in a stentorian voice a coffin be furnished for Ward Î and the burial to take place c morrow. That night, amid a volley of and derision which he heaped up attendants, the corpse was dui posited in his oaken shell, he lav with the utmost decorum with the most gratifijing antioip of being restored to his mother on the following day. He had beard that the nails and beard dead man were known to grow thicken aftor life had been longe -it was so, with him-and ye observant wiseacres could not s that simple act, if there was no < the positive and demonstrated fa the disollution of his existence, mained for Dr. Briscoe to bring wretched establishment to a sent its duty and an acknowledgment obtuseness. The happy day arrived, and funeral cortege was ready, the pal bell range deliciously in tho cor ears ; the long wished for hour wi band ; very many voices sang his ous requiem ; the coffin lid was at dexterously adjusted, and, oh ! ti porting moment! the dead alive himself lifted from the funeral ! trundled gently up upon hu shoulders; felt the tramp, tra tramp, down the winding stone s of the sounding mansion; heard grateful noise of the great door being thro vu open, and the cruncl foot-march on the gravel of the coi yard ; the bark of the watch-dog, lowing of the big milch cow, and welcome cawing of the gathering ro< which noticed the progress of the teresting group down the wooded p of the tortuous avenue. The corpse was on his way to grave at last-the darling object ot bis sanguine prayers and anticipatic But the world and earth spoil eve thing i for scarcely had he moved hundred yards in the triumphant f «quin of death, when an incidí occurred that flung a lump of gall ii his cup of overflowing joy. There was a great elm tree mid« upon the asylum grounds, and um its grateful and poetic shade loung a number of young men, loiterii yawning, and apparently putting their day. When the funeral reach this point a merry voice trolled out * Hullo ! boys ! who are you going plant ? Who have yougot in the fc oak box?' The funeral party pulled up ai came to a full atop, whilst one of tl pall- bearers responded as merrily -queries «Hal ha! ha ! Sam Haggings, tl .cattle-dealer of Liverpool.' * I know the old boy,' remarked tl first speaker. ' And what do you know of him ! waggishly asked another of the idler * Know of him 1 I know this much that he came over here with a bale c ailing cattle with foot-and-mouth dit .ease, distemper, and English rot, am because he couldn't pawn them off 01 the Smithfield market, he got out o lib senses, and from that out ot tb world entirely.' * You lie in your threat !' roared tm .corpse in the coffin. * They say he got three months it .Newgate for picking a drover's pocket .on board the Mandrake steamer, .chimed in another. * Only that I'm dead,' swore ,t.hc .corpsefrom under the coffin-lid, * i'd get you twelve months for damnable defamation.' * In troth, ye're all out about the reason of bis lunacy,' added a third party. * The old dead devil attempted , to poison his mother to get at A little {tnrs««he-had, with three-and^four grass into the midst of his enemù and maligners, ' I'll stand this n longer- and is it you, Hanlon, that often befriended in Smithfield-yoi to blackguard me in my cold grave S roared the corpse, making a fierc clutch at the throat of the denounce delinquent. Hanlon evaded the furious gripe and fled. The corpse gave chase with loud an« dreadful execrations, whilst peals o laughter followed the novel hunt, an< the funeral party planted the coffin 01 the grass, and, sitting upon it, lit theil pipes and indulged to their bent ii the hilarity of the occasion. Hanlon ran his fullest speed, ant dodged hts pursuer with the greates agility and ingenuity-twisting and twiniug-and all the time reiterating his recriminations and charges as hi flew along-whilst the corpse vowing vengeance and raging, and roaring, and running in such a manner as corpse never ran before, except in an after Christmas nightmare dream, followed in full cry. At last by a special and super- natural effort, the dead man overtook the living, and seizing him by the shoulder, turned him regularly-right about- face; but when he did, what was the result ?-Hanlon looked into his eyes, and with the broadest grin that ever overspread * the great Atlantic of a man's countenance,' naively said ' I thought you were dead V The corpse retnrned the point- blank gaze of his prisoner with a dis- concerted vanity of expression, and in the most hesitating, drawling, and con- fused manner imaginable, vaguely re- plied 41 believe I am alive after all !' Tesche corpse was cured.-Ex- j change. _ j 