Terror of flaunted Locomotives. Locomotive engineers are almost, if not alto gether, as superstitious in regard to haunted locomotives as sailors are in regard to haunted ships, says the Tribune. About ten years ago the engine Matt Morgan blew up while stand ing on the track of the Shore Line road near the station in Providence, B. I., killing the engincor. The engine was subsequently re built and put on the road. On the first trip that she made atter being rebuilt she went tearing into Providence in the night with the train swinging behind, and the sleeping town echoing to the shrill whistle. On approach ing the station the engineer leaned forward to shut off steam, but to his horror a ghostly form appeared at his side, and a ghostly hand grasped his wrist and held him fast. When the station was reached the ghost dia appeiitcii.and the enginerr ntopped, some distance beyond. At least, this is what the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotton the terrible Biohmond switch disaster, several years ago, on the Providence and StoniDgton road. A little brook became swollen by the rain, and oarried away a rail-road bridge. The train came rushing along that night, and was hurled in the chasm. Giles, the engineer, when he saw the danger ahead, instead of leaping from the engine as the fireman did, grasped the lever and reversed the engine. Bat it was too late. The train was going at such a speed that the locomotive leaped dear across the stream, and they found Giles lying under his overturned engine, with the lever driven through his body and one hand clutch ing the throttle-valve with the grasp of death. Giles, when ho came into Providence, was aa oustomed to give two peculiar whistles as a signal to his wife, who lived near the railroad where it enters the suburbs of the city, that he was all right, and would soon be home. The absence of those whistles was the first in timation which was received at Providence of the disaster. When the engine which made that terrible leap on that stormy night was rebuilt and put on the road again, there was at first groat trouble in getting engineers for it, with suoh superstitions horror was it regarded. To-day there are people ready to swear that they have heard whistles, such as Giles used to blow ae signals to his wile, sound through the suburbs of Providence, when no train was coming up the road. Tkult there is something in the unruffled calm of nature that overawes our little an xieties and doubts; the eight of the deep blue sky and the clustering stars above seem to im part a quiet to the mind. 