[?] Lady Branksmere. I tins Author of ' Phyllis,' 'Molly Bawn,' f - 'Mas. Gboffbby,' 'Dbais,' &c.; Chapteb XXVIII. My soul lies hid in shades of grief. I Upon the broad stone-flagged terrace great tabs of Morons evergreens are dotted here and there casting their perfumes into the dewy darkness. A little harmless baby Shower had fallen from heaven about an hour ago, and still She large shining leaves are wet with it, and sparkle softly pn the moonbeams. Up above, the pale drifting clouds have been scattered by a wandering wind, now the Queen I of JNight is sailing calm and tranquil in the bine ether. | Down in the gardens the tall white lilies are nodding j their drowsy heads, and the sweet trailing roses are casting j shadows on the closely -shaven sward. The air seems bur I dened with the warm scent of them. Pale discs of light are | lying in soft patches on the mossy turf, and now and again I a sleepy caw from the distant rookery in Branksmere j Woods, that border on the town, is all that comes to break j the unutterable calm of the hour. j The tender-coloured night draws hardly breath. It seems j more like a sweet twilight than the soft bordering on the I lines of a new day, and through the scented darkness a little loving breeze is rushing with gentle petulance. Far beyond again lies the fountain, its sprays rising and falling in a lazy, musical fashion, suggestive of the thought that it would fain slumber, but is driven into action by some tyrannical Pixie, lying laughing in its basin where the big white flowers are glistening amongst their swaying leaves. Muriel, coming to a standstill beside it, seats herself dreamily upon the marble edge, and dreamily still, pulls off her glove and lets her fingers play amongst the opening buds that lie on the water's bosom. Staines seating himself beside her, watches her with a curious intentness. Never bafore, perhaps, has he felt so keenly the power and perfection of her beauty. The mystic hour — the soft breathing of the night — the sense of farness, only rendered more acute by the swelling and dying of the slumberous waltz that comes to them every now fhap upon the midnight wind — all tend to bring passion into life. It seems impossible that anyone should be awake save they two! All the world might indeed be dead, and that sweet mournful music their requiem, with only two to hear it ! No human voice comes to them ; no whisper; only sighing of the rustling grasses, and the fond cooing of the wood doves. The perfume of the lilies is wafted to them, and she, fairer than any lily, is sitting motionless upon the marble basin, her head half turned aside. Her white gown, with its touches of gold, is irmTring a vivid blot against the dark background of firs. The moon beams have descended and caught her, nn-j are encircling her with their white flames, playing amongst the folds of her clinging gown, and glancing off the gems that deck her. Diamonds to fasten the hair and diamonds to fasten the sleeves, Laces to drip from their rays, like a powder of snow from the eaves. Presently, as though the silence has reached her even through the armour of strange thoughts that have clothed her, she lifts her head and looks round her with an air of ' one suddenly startled. ' How apart we seem to be,' she says discontentedly. ' 1 am glad of it,' returns Staines, in a marniw hurried, impulsive. It seems to attract her. 'You are changed,' she says, leaning forward and regarding him curiously. ' What is it? The moonlight? It always makes me, too, long to be alone !' She sighs as one waking from a rapture — and a certain little sense of vague but joyful rest that had sweetened her lips, flies. She looks once again cold, loveless, impassive. He checks the eager words he would have uttered, and instead, stooping towards her, points to the white flowers she holds. 'H hardly dared hope so much.' 'So much?' 'That you would wear my flowers.' ' You mistake,' she says coldly. ' These are not yours. Yon wiil understand,' quickly, with icy courtesy, ' that I thought yours charming ; that I was much gratified ; but I have not used them.' ' 1 How, then?'' with an admirably puzzled air, 'you received two bouquets the same?' '' ' In effect, yes. But the flowers are different. Yours were lilies, if you remember.' ' Pardon me,' smiling pleasantly, 'mine were heath. Whose the lilies were I am at a loss to conjecture, but cer tainly my bouquet was composed of heath.' Lady Branksmere flushes slowly. She feels perplexed, uncertain. Had she made a mistake? Surely, Bndginan had given these flowers last, with his lordship's compli- i ments. A sudden frown wrinkles her forehead. ' I do not comprehend,' she says, ' Of course, there is a ; mistake somewhere. But,' steadily, 'I repeat I had - no idea I was wearing the flowers you so kindly sent me.' ' Ah ! That knowledge I have taken to heart. Pray, do not be afraid I shall imagine otherwise,' returns he, with i a touch of pride that is yet sadly humble. ' I must express my regret that that sorry gift of mine,' glancing at the flowers, ' has occasioned you some annoyance. Who ever sent you the other flowers,' with meaning, 'is to be envied.' His tone is almost a question, and it gets its i answer. ' Lord Branksmere sent them,*' returns she quickly, if indifferently. Something in her manner that Sfciines i chooses to translate to his own satisfaction sends a sudden light of triumph to his eyes. To hiin her hasty answer is 1 equivalent to a desire on her part to relieve him of all jealous fears. She would have him assured that no other man's flowers had been chosen in preference to his, but that 1 Branksmere's had been worn through a mere sense of mingled fear and duty. Her fingers are still in a listless fashion rippling tho calm : water of the fountain. Seen by the rays of the ghostly ' moon, they look like the fingers of a dead hand floating 1 there in their slender whiteness. Staines, stooping over 1 the basin, takes possession of them, and forcibly draws them from the water. The large drops falling from them i glisten like jewels. Muriel seems surprised by his action, 1 but not inordinately so, 1 ' Lei my hand go,' she says, haughtily, disdaining to make any physical effort to release herself. ' ' In one moment.' Carefully, and with the utmost 1 tenderness, yet with an obedient haste, he dries the I band he holds — the hand that once had lain in his idly, - eontentedly, for hours, yet that now chafes and frets at Ins 1 touch. Perhaps the impatience that thrills through it is not altogether displeasing to him as he lifts his eyes and in- 1 tentiy scans the lowered lids and silent face before him. A ] sad race, pathetic in its studied coldness, that hides as if - with a mask the workings of its owner's heart. Have her thoughts travelled backward, too, to those old days of I despised freedom, when poverty was the chief somw with | her, and she lived in die midst of a merry tangle- of i boys and girls, and when there was one outside who ? I She comes hack to the present with a sharp sigh as i Staines lays her hsqd now dry upon her lap. 'Don't put it in again,' he' says quietly. u It is still 1 eariy in the year, and the water is chilly. Youjmay catch cold.' ' I never catch cold*' — absently — ' as you may remem ber.' She regrets the words even as they jpass her lips, and ! the opportunity they afford him. He seizes upon it : eagerly. 'Remember!' he repeats, in a tone of strongly repressed passion. ' When shall I forget, I wonder! What 14 there in all the sweet days we passed together that I do not re member? Yet' — eagerly — 'do not misunderstand me. Do not for an instant imagine that I regret one single hour. Memory is now the only good that life has left me. The memory' — hie voice sii-ilre to a low tone full of pathos — ' of a priceless past 3' ' Let the past die,' returns she, coldly. ' What have we to do with it?_ It is gone, dead. No effort, however violent, can bring it within our grasp again.' 'I have at least one solace in my desolation,' says Staines, in a low tone. ' And that is the knowledge that I suffer alone. It is, it shall be,' vehemently, ' a luting 1 comfort for me to know that you are as free from regrets as I am overshadowed by them. ' Shadows are movable things,' with a faint shrug of her shoulders. 'It seems to me that at times you can emerge from yours with a veiy tolerable success.' ' Ay, but they always, follow one. In reality (though one may deceive one's self at times) there is no escape from them. But be happy in the thought that they do not trouble you — that those old days, so dear to me, are by you remembered but as a foolish passing dream.' ' Would you have me believe you unhappy,' demands she, scornfully. ** T wnllld hflTMl «fA«i Jifinl/ifltiflff +/» W»T1 wuiuu uuwjuu ueiievu uuiiiuig uispwaauig nv^uu* Mould your beliefs according to your fancy.' ' I have none. I have lost all beliefs,' declares she with a rather reckless defiance. ' But don't waste time over that speech. You look as though you had something to say. Say it.' ' You are wrong. I never felt more tongue-tied in my life. I could tell you nothing that 1b not already old and weary news to you. That I have loved, that I do lore, that I shall love you and you only — for ever and ever !' HiB tone is so calm, 60 entirely wanting in the vehemence that disturbs, that she seems scarcely called upon to rise and forbid his further utterance. She sits quite mute, with her eyes downcast, and her fingers tightly laced, lying in her lap. ' It is an uninteresting tale, is it not?' continues he, quietly. 'All on the one string. Yet for me it has variations. I can make my torture a little keener now and then by a careful reminding of myself that the woman for whom I would have bartered every hope I possess — de- liberately — of her own free wiil — severed between us every tie.' ' 'For whom you would have bartered all ?' Why did yon never protest so much as that in those old days you are so fond of recalling?' inquires she with a sudden cold sneer. ' I thought I had protested more. I believed my soul as open to your gaze as I madly dreamed yours was to mine. I saw no' necessity for words. I' — dejectedly — 'was mistaken upon both points. My failure .was my own fault no doubt but it is none the less bitter for that.' ' If, indeed, you feel as you now pretend, you should never have come to this house,' declares she with slow dis tinctness, but he can see that she is trembling. ' I know that now, but then ? How could I tell — how be sure how it was with me until I saw you again.' He is speaking with extreme agitation ; at this moment, indeed, he is sincere enough, and the woman before him, standing gazing at him with head erect, in all her cold, imperious beauty, seems to him the one desirable thing on earth. He had almost denied the truth to Madame von Thirsk — had refused at least to acknowledge it, yet certainly the hones test love he had ever known had been called into existence by Muriel Daiyl. The girl he had accounted charming, a prize worth any man's winning, yet that first love of his had sunk into insignificance beside the pas sionate admiration he had felt on seeing her as Lady Branksmere. The gorgeous setting of her new life had so suited her and enhanced her every beauty that the memory of the girl grew ton before the splendour of the woman. He admires her — finding a fresh charm even in her very insolence towards him — covets her daily, hourly, and with his growing passion for her, encourages also a settled de testation of the man who, to use his own thoughts, has stolen her from him. That she is mistress of the best affection he has to offer is beyond question — but tliat affection just falls short of what a true lover's should be. in that his love for himself is by many degrees stronger than his love for her could ever be. Still has regard for her is great enough to throw passion into his voice and a certain fire into his handsome eyes. ' It seems to me,' he goes on vehemently, ' as though I should come ; ag though with my own eyes I must see you, if only once again.' He pauses. ' And?' Her tone is stern, almost bitter, but her lips are white. 'Now I know,' returns he, brokenly, 'my love still lives — nay, has grown a thousandfold in its vain strength. I have learned that time holds no hope for me ; that I am as sick of life as a man may well be!' ' Why do you stay here if you are so unhappy?' cries she, suddenly. 'Why don't you go?' She rises and stretches out her hand with a quick, impulsive meaning. ' Go, I beseech you,' she exclaims, feverishly, and with I such an eager desire in her tone that one might easily believe her to bo entreating more for herself than him. ' I cannot ! Some power chains me to this spot.1 It is a fear, undefined as yet, but it is too strong for me — it holds me here.' 'A mere morbid fancy,' returns she, regarding him fixedly. 'You should despise such vague warnings.' ' Not when they point towards you?' She pales per ceptibly and would nave spoken, but seeing the haughty curve her lips have taken — the scorn in her eyes of ail longer for herself — and yet underneath all that the lurking terror that his words have called forth, to the very blanch ing of her face, he prevents her answer and hurries on leliberatdy. 'If I could manage to forget, or to be indifferent, I might indeed make my escape; but that is impossible. Nor would I care for such oblivion. For — ' with an impatient sigh — M Even though I've shattered my skiff on the rocks, xuk age was ewwi -1 ime iv uuaeu. No ! I would not forget. The very voyage that wrecked my happiness will always be the dearest memory I have.' 'It is folly — madness,' cries ^she, angrily. 'You i should go.' I ' Are those your orders ?' demands he, sadly. ' Do not enforce them. And there is another thing' — he draws nearer to her in an agitated haste, and his voice sinks to a whisper; 'how can I go, and leave you here alone, surrounded by those who — at least — bear you no good will!' He breaks off abruptly as if in sore 3istress, but in reality to mark the effect of his words. She has stepped back from liim, and her hand has dropped downwards and is clinging tightly to the cold edge of the marble basin. 'Give voice to whatever is in your mind,' she commands him, in a high, clear tone. But though her tone is steady, there is something wild and strained in the glance that accompanies it. What is it -he is about to say to her? ' Are you afraid to put your insinuation into plain words ? The worst enemies, they tell us, are those of ojie's house hold — who is it you would t»id me distrust? Speak! — Branksmere? His grandmother?— or perhaps ? ' she draws her breath sharply, and the squareness of her mouth becomes ihore pronounced ? ' Madame Von Thirsk P' 'You give me my opportunity,' exclaims he, eagerly. 'Madame von Thirek ! Do not trust her; I know but little, I have no right to judge, but— do not, I implore you —place faith in that woman.' A deadly chill passes over Muriel. Her own suspicions thus echoed by another seem to enlarge them at once to a gigantic size. But yet he xnay'know nothing of that darker fear of hers — of that shameful doubt that possesses her soul by night and day. A terrible longing that this last indignity may be spared her nerves her to answer him. 'I fancied you were Madame's friend,' she says, in a tone she vainly strives to render careless. ' Did I not see you talking to her just now? It appeared to me tlmf you held veiy amicable relations with her. I was wrong?' ' How can I say whether you are right or wrong? She has given me no reason to be otherwise than outwardly friendly with her. It is only some hidden instinct that bids me watch her, for your sake.' He hesitates openly, and then leans towards her in an impulsive way that a double and moat sinister meaning to his words. 'I would be rid of thin accursed doubt,' he says, , in a low, condensed tone ; ' tell me— you, who should know — what is it there is — between lier and — Branksmere ?' Muriel leans heavily against the fountain — no answer falls from her lips. It is all over then? The disgrace is known ! Those miserable fears of hers were only too well grounded ! A sense ot suffocation threatens to overpower her. She feels giddy, and a strange buzzing noise ringing through her brain distracts her. She is not conscious until afterwards that in this instant of agony she has uncon sciously flung out her hand and laid it with a terrible trembling in it on Staines's ana, a trembling that betrays her! Instinctively, as it were, -she has turned to him for support, for succour. His pulses throb with unusual foroe as he recognises this fact, and closes his own fingers firmly over the beautiful slender ones that came to him of their own accord. Then in a moment it all passes away— her agitation — the angmVh — the deadly shame. All is gone from her, and she is herself again, save for an additional pallor in her cheeks and a strained passion of fear in the gray eyes. ' Must no man dare to have an old friend ?' she asks, with an attempt at lightness that is only a miserable failure. Her strength is insufficient for her whilst his eyes pierce her thoughts, and after a last wild struggle with her self she breaks down utterly, and buries her face in her hands. ' My beloved ! That you should have to endure all this !' . murmurs Staines in a tone so low,' so replete with all the lover's fond indignation, that it is barely audible; yet it thrills through her. And then in a moment, as it were, his arms are round her, and he has pressed her bowed head down upon his breast. She lies there passively. All this time when her very soul is sick within her it seems to her as if there was nothing at all that mattered. What arc honour, loyalty, faith? Words — all words ! Nothing remains, but the knowledge that all the world is at liberty now to jeer at her, and point the finger of scorn at her — the despised wife. Good heavens ! can such things be for her — Muriel Daryl? Oh, the old days ! The happy days ! When she reigned as a minor queen over them ail ! When love brightened her path. Oh, to be loved again! To be able to forget this part that has been assigned her — the r file of a woman neglected by him who should be her guide, and guardian, and protector. And this man loves her ! This man whose affection had seemed to her a little cold, a little careless, in the past. She has wronged him there. Now in the hour of her desolation it seems good to her that love should not be altogether denied her, that it may yet be hers, no matter in how sony a disguise it comes. To her, love is a pure and holy thing — passion has no part in it. To be deemed the one thing needful, the best, the dearest possession life can afford, by one human creature, is all she desires. Ghosts of a dead sweetness rise before her, springing to life again beneath the burden of her grief. Must she with her own hands crush them back into their graves again ? Is eveiything to be denied her ? Why should she so greatly dread the wprld — what can it give her save its pity! She literally writhes beneath this thought, and a sharp sob escapes her! Oh ! to fling it all from her. To rush into another, freer life. To breathe again ! And here is a door open to her — a means of escape. All at once a revulsion seizes upon her ; she drags herself out of his aims and stands back from him. With slow, shuddering gasps she catches her breath. Of what had she been thinking— she ? A terror has fallen upon her, strange, vivid, horrible; a looking into herself that has changed and darkened her face, and made her look like an incarnate fear! Whither is she drifting ? ' Muriel, you shall not feel it like this,' cries Staines, shocked at t£e expression in her eyes. ' Hear me !' 'Nay, sir; be satisfied!' breathes she, heavily. 'Am I not degraded enough? At your bidding all was forgotten. . I do not see how 1 am to look anyone of them in the face Sigain.' She is not thinking of the guests within, but of Margery — pure, sweet, merry Margery — and of all the other girls and boys who call her sister. ' Let us talk sense,' says Staines, with a sudden rough ness that under the circumstances is only kind. ' The j question now is how I can help you. I have nothing to offer — nothing, save my devotion.' ' I want nothing from you,' cries she, passionately. ' That least of all. Did the whole world combine, do you . think it could avenge such a case as mine ? And you, of all others, how dare you offer me help ? You, to whom I have shown ? .' .Further words refuse to pass her lips, and he perhaps slightly misunderstands the thing 6he would i have said. ' No— no help from you to me is possible,' she says presently. ' Be sure of that. I will accept nothing at your Hands.' She is white as death, and her great stormy eyes are flashing. They fall upon the flowers she is still mechanically holding, ana with a gesture of intense scorn she dashes them to the ground and treads them under foot. She turns upon him like an outraged queen. ' Oh, that I could so trample out of sight all that troubles me,' she cries, her fingers plucking convulsively at the soft laces that lie upon her bosom. As she so stands, beautiful in her grief and her cruel self - contempt, a soft low laugh rings through the shrubbery upon her left. Chapter XXIX. Woman's at best a contradiction still. ? ? ? ? ? ' This retreat of yours is a positive sanctuary,' says Halkett, dropping leisurely on to a three-legged stool, with all the air of a man who has worn himself out in the per formance of his duty. It is very dusky in this corner of the balcony, and there is something soothing in the thought that everyone is dancing in the rooms within, and that one's own body is idly resting. He has addressed Margery Daryl, but there are two or three others lounging in this quiet, forgotten little spot, hemmed in by the tall shrubs in their huge pots. There is enough light falling on them from within to cast a faint radiance on their darkness, and to make the different faces known to a person with good sight. But not enough to disturb the repose of the 1 scene. Mrs. Daryl is sitting on the sill of the curtained window; Curzon Bellew is leaning over Margery's chair. Peter, and a tall artilleryman called Herrick, who has for months been rendered morose by an absorbing passion for Miss Daryl, are leaning against the ivy, madly regardless of the ear- ? wigs, and Peter's la6t pretty partner is amusing herself with him from the depths of a cushioned lounge that, with the aid of a big red fan, almost conceals her from view. ' If a sanctuary, who gave you permission to invade it?' asks Margery, gaily. She has been particularly right minded up 10 this rather late hour, and Curzon's soul has been quieted within him ; but now, all suddenly, as it seems, the- waked into a wicked life, and, sitting more up right, torus a bewildering smile on Halkett. There is always a little standing flirtation between them, though she well knows where his heart is buried, and he knows he is less than nothing to her when once the friendship boundary is passed; still for the purposes of teasing other attendant swains, Halkett, as Miss Daryl uses him, is invaluable. - . ' What an unkind speech! Have I not flown to you for refuge? And is this the spirit in which my prayer is received? Seeing you not alone, Miss Daryl, or even a deux, I took the liberty ? ' J ' Oh! that is nothing. You ore always taking that,*' I retorts she, with a pretty pretence of scorn that finria its end in the little laugh, tuneful and sweet. ' The question is, what brought you Y' 'Need you ask?' reproachfully. 'You know I am always unhappy when ? ' ' She proves untrue !' This speech is a wh sper and has allusion to Mrs. Amyot^ but to Curzon and|tne tall man ' next him, it is full of sinister meaning, and creates within them a ravening desire for blood. ' She always does,' says Halkett, ignoring the allusion; and looking sentimentally at her. ' Who «hp«iid know it so well as you?' 'Who, indeed?' 'Yet you have most craclly deserted me all to-night; most wantonly you have flung me amongst the Philistines. That I still live is no merit of yours. And all the time yon have been dreaming here, or in some other fortunate spot, whilst he who would die to — to—' 'Yes. Don't let it embarrass you; X know all the re6t,' puts in Miss Daryl, kindly. 'You should ! You have served an apprenticeship to it. But to- night's success should not render you unmindful of the pangs of others. To know that all the world is grovelling at your feet might make you merciful instead of cruel.' _ ' Perhaps you think you are amusing: me ?' with a soft, disdaintful uplifting of her dainty chin, and a little dimpling smile. ' My natural self-conceit never carried me as far as that.' ' That is just as well.' ' I don't think you are in a very pretty temper to-night. A generous mistress uses the lash sparingly to hrr slaves.' ' Her favourite slaves, perhaps. Besides, who told you I ever was in a pretty temper ?' ' No one. I think myself, so far jis I am concerned, you never are.' ' The lady of your heart is always good-tempered, of course!' There is another innuendo in this remark; Mrs. Ainyot at times being a little impetuous, to sav the least of it. ' No. Have I not just this moment told you she never is — to me.' Miss Daryl makes a little grimace. ' The object of your affections,' she begins saucQy, but he interrupts her. ' Oh, Miss Daryl ! _ ' The object ! ' For my sake, if not for your own, refrain ! . I really cannot sit silent hear you call yourself names.' Wilhelinina in the background (who has been kindly striving to keep tho gloomy artilleiyman from man slaughter) here so far forgets her self-imposed mission as to burst out laughing. Margery follows suit, and pre sently Mr. Halkett, though with a carefully aggrieved air. joins in also. 'Now, where does the joke come in?' demands he. mournfully. 'That is what we all want to know,' says Curzon, speaking for the first time. As he makes this chilling remark he throws up his head, and yawns in a bored way, very successfully. 'All? I don't,' says Margery, gaily, glancing at the unresponding Bellew from under her long lashes. ' No ? You are happy, then, in not being a prey to the unsatisfied curiosity that, is consuming me.' I ' I am so far a prey to curiosity that I am dying to know what you mean,' sayB Margery, teasingly, who ought to be ashamed of herself. ' I should think mv meaning has always been perfectly clear to you,' returns he, with a steady glance that fails to disconcert her in the very least. 'By the bye, this is our dance, I believe.' ' Is it ? I — I don't think I want to. dance,' returns she. Halkett has gone over to talk to Mrs. Daryl, so she and Curzon are virtually alone. ' Don't you ? I wonder, then, why you come here ?' says Mr. Bellew, in a practical tone. ' The business of a ball is dancing ; one can sit and doze at home.' ' There are other things besides dancing.' 'True! There is flirting,' says he, bitterly, which remark establishes a coldness in the conversation that lasts for many minutes. It is still at freezing point when Tommy Paulyn, unattached, runs lightly up me steps to their left and precipitates himself upon them. ' What are you all doing here in the dark ?' asks he, in a loud cheerful tone that seems to dissipate the peaceful gloom at once. Shade to Mr. Paulyn moa.nn dulness, and dulness death. ' All in the dumps, eh ?' with a glance at Margery and Bellew. ' Been to the gardens ? They are looking lovely. Try 'em and, take my advice, they'd kill your blues in a hurry.' 'Do they cure yours, Tommy? Was that why you sought them ?' demands Margery, oh! so sweetly. _ 'No, my dear, I leave the vapours to such thinly- minded little girls as yourself. I defy any man, woman, or child to affect my nerves. To devilled oysters alone that proud boast belongs. But, seriously, the gardens are awfully well got up. Lamps everywhere, and stars and things. Never saw such a satisfactory moon anywhere. The com mittee ought to be congratulated on its arrangements. They ought to be presented with a Bible or something.' ' Not good enough,' says Miss Daryl. 'According to your account they have managed even the heavens ap mirably. I don't see what could repay them.' ' Will you come and look at them?' nuTra Curzon, meaning the gardens, not the committee, conquering him self a little, in his fear that Halkett will be before him. ' It is a charming night, quite sultry.' ' Cold, I should have thought,' replies she, who had certainly never thought about it at all until she saw hex lover's eyes fixed imploringly upon her, and heard the note of activity in his tone. ' Pouf !' exclaims Mr. Paulyn, lightly. ' I like to heai you beginning to be careful of your health. You aren't more delicate than Muriel, are you ? and she has been en joying the midnight breeze with Staines for the last hour.' Tommy says this quite gaily, being ignorant of any reason (or at all ^ents unmindful) why she should not so enjoy herself. He is blind also to the fact that the smile has died away from Margery's lips, and a curious gleam has sprung to life in the eyes of Mrs. Daryl. {Ib be continued.) 