THE FIRST LONG-YORK DEBATE. si [BY ShKlGHEIl,] The Academy of Music was crowded last evening By 7 io p m the throng that waited impatiently until the time when cash should be as good aa tickets had filled the vestibule and overflowed on to the footpath It waa useless to try the reaerv ed seats for they wore packed long before In the allcjway, a mass of hu manity had squeezed itself, trampling the mud into a hard earthen floor, through which, for a good fifteen minutes before ticket holders had had to plough and puah their way to the gallery door Lost they should take fright at the mob of untickotcd shilling folka, the dooi keepers encouraged them by calling on all privileged ones to come forward and claim their own Inside, it waa a sight to be remembered still more remarkable than at the time when Booth entranced hiB hearers there with rccol lections of the Boys in Blue ' Trom floor to roof it waa filled, at 8 o clock not a scat waa empty, and scores were turned away It was an audience that might well give pleasure to any speaker an audience of bif, nosed men, of the men who think There were women present, of course among the spruce and cora fortable looking holders of 3" scats, as amoila the work a day people who filled the gallery, on the platform also-both sturdy Christian and enthusiastic rationalist That the vast majority were men—pillars of the YMCA and free thought lights, colonials who drank in their doubts of the old faith from the Liberator and members of the Radical clubs that put Brad laugh in the niche from which he has cast their God There was a double row of clergy men and celebrities on the platform to give eclat to the proceedings and there was the senior member for the Valley, who took the chair, and a late aspirant for Valley honours who would probably have liked to Alderman Hocker was there also, fated to rise, during the evening, into unsxpectod renown At the front of the stage was a table for the speaking debater draped with the Stars and Stripes and the Union Jack, blend mg in friendly juxtaposition I urther back, in a wide half circle, were three small tables At 8 precisely Mr M Master stepped to the central table follow ed by Mr Long, who took the right hand position Immediately after wards Dr York followed them to the left Ia a moment the complexion of the audience was plain Applause from the clergymen and a generous cheer from the auditorium greeted the Glasgow man, when York came from the wing a veritable yell went up from floor and gallery, that ought to have reminded the chairman, then in the throeB of mental composition, that an expression of his ideas upon theology would bo like casting pearls before swine But it didn't Mr. M Master wanted to go on record, and go on record he went The introduction began successfully, it hardly possessed the truth which is generally supposed to be unpopular It was flattery cut from whole cloth, for Mr M'Master com fortably forgot all about the average Valley campaign meeting, and declared that he had never seen an audience in Brisbane refuse to give any speaker a fair hearing This brought down the house, which, however, recanted suddenly when the chairman went on to materialise tho thoughts which he had bo painfully put together He couldn t be convinced, not by anything, if both debaters talked for a year, to him religion began and ended with Christ on tho cross, and Then the row began The Freethinking section of tho audience—a well lunged section, by the way—had come to hear Mr H A Long and not Mr John M'Master They attempted to persuade tho latter to sit down, everybody persuading at once ; as was human, if not sensible, he got excited and wouldn't "I will speak, he shouted, during a short lull in the confusion , but it swelled again till only his moving lips and emphatic gestures announced that the speech was in progress. Alderman Galloway smiled , freethinker Campbell looked as though he'd been left a fortune, City Missionary Stewart looked in dignant, and Alderman Hocker got the benefit of it.* ' Sit down," murmured Hocker, sotto voce, from his seat in the rear. A treacherous lull betrayed him, and his old opponent turned on him in a rage. "Shut up, Alderman Hocker," he howled, " I won't allow no foreigner to tell me to shut up" Naturally, the confusion redoubled. Hisses, cheers groans, and shouts were mordor, of the last the most popular being that there aro no foreigneis in Queensland. Mr M'Mnstei glared at Hocker and repeated that thcie were, and that Hocker was one of them. Dr, York, with his show man instinct, smiled ; Mr. Long looked disgusted. Ultimately, the cry of " De- bate, debate," overpowered every thing else, and though the chairman attempted to persuade the audience that ho wouldn't sit down till they listened, he yielded at last, and introduced Mr. Long by pantomime. When the Glasgow debater came forward, tho disturbance at once subsided. In an instant order was restored. Mr. Long is a venerable looking gentleman, type of a passing generation ; erect m stature, preciso m motion 4 naturally tall, and appear- ing still taller in long black coat and long white hair. He has a clean shaven Wesley face, with the straight high forehead that tells always of cultivated intellect. Ile is the old fashioned gentleman, and does not keep touch with the crowd. Physically, Dr. York appears Ina mental inferior; thcie is no disputing that. Hellas the look of a well-fed animal. Mr. Long rather edges on that philosophic look ascribed to seers who have cultivated tho mind until it has con- quered tho body. Perhaps tho latter's long hair does it ; such innocent artifices easily de- ceive superficial man. But, however, at hrst sight inferior, with rather heavy featnics and short dark hair, getting bald from tho side, with furrowed lines running in all directions over his face- clean shaven also w ith a portly bodv, and a stoop that is any- thing but æsthetic, Dr. Yoik is soon seen to bo indisputably the shrewdest judge of human nature. He has a buttonhole bouquet, and some- how, degenerate voting countries prefer flowers to long hair. He talks to the crowd, broadly, sweepingly, as the crowd sees and under stands ; it is essentially American, his style the style that sprang from the stump and tho ballet box-it passes contemptuously ov cr quibbling and word warping It may not be very logical, as Paley regarded logic ; but it ia the sort of talk that goes down with nine men out of ten, Ho does not seek to destroy with toothpicks but with dynamite ; it is peculiarly fortunate for freethought that it has not yet begun to build up. And Mr. Long ' Well, Mr, Long cannot bo judged in a colony where men do not wrangle over words, and where men do not pay much attention to " Keep to the right" when the left is as convenient. He misses striking those blows m the face which alone the spectators at the intellectual prizefight relish, because ho seeks evei to get in the strokes which may have amused the old time critic, but which hurt nobody. He does not realise that tho strength of freethought is in the sweeping general assertions which appeal to modern thought, nor that a Brisbane audience is very different from the staid Scots of Glasgow, and so when he comes forward to affirm that Christian theism is more rational than atheism or agnos- ticism he offends his audience from the start. He asserted that at first thought one would blush to think that it was necessary to prove the existence of a God to a British Colonial audience. Expressions of discontent greeted this cut at the opposition, which he allayed by asking those present to be a jury and to judge fairly and impartially between him and York. Having tima opened the ball, tho Glasgow man deliberately dropped the qualifying term "Christian" theism, and spent his half hour in building up a defence of theism, pure and simple. He submitted three propositions—(1) That matter is eternal ; (2) That spirit is eternal, (.1) That matter and spirit are both eternal—analysing them skil- fully and well as the analysis of the pic cise school goes. He brought forward the grand argument of design — ever the most conclusive of theistic theories, and claimed logically that, as there was system, there must be God. Matter could no more make anything than an anvil could make a blacksmith, matter must have been created, because there was no other origin for it. It was unreasonable to suppose that an unintelli- gent spirit gave to iron the properties it possessed, and it must have been an all pervading spirit by whose will iron burnt in the body, shone in the sun, was in the lived stars. That creator, that intelligence, that all pervading being was God. He then drew atten tion to various wonderful astronomic facts as proof of theism,and claimed that scientists nearly all agreed that the origin of life must have been eternal. Passing to the moral proofs of theism, he quoted the universal sense of duty and the universal prevalence of religion. The claim that religion came from ancestors only removed the question one step If it originated in tho worship of ancestors, why did not the men who believed in development worship the gorilla. This hit drew forth much laughter and applause, amid which Mr. M'MASTER tingled the bell, and told the speaker that it was five minutes to time. It is only fair to tho chairman to mention that after the first disturbance calmed down he dia charged his duties with the utmost courtesy and impartiality The remaining five minutes were consumed in a comparison of the earth with the universe, and the closure of the argument on the proposition by the claim that the hrst and third had been upset, and the second proved Checking the applause which followed this on the plea of time, Mr. Long pointed out that if theism was proved, pantheism and agnosticism fell to the ground. At 8 40 Dr. York took the floor amid a repetition of the applause that greeted his first appearance, and after the assertion that he wasn't there to play boy, he talked a little to tho audience about behaviour, getting it into a good humour, and stroking down a sore spot touched by the chair- man, who had imprudently attempted to quell the cheering. He claimed that truth was his only object, and he denounced those who would not respect those who differed from them. His treat- ment of his opponent was cavalier in the extreme. Claiming that there was no necessity for fol- lowing Mr. Long, as that gentleman had not stuck to the subject, he briefly asserted that he recognised a great power working in the world, that Tyndall called it Force, while his oppo- nent called it Spirit, and that for himself he could understand matter, but not the use of putting anything behind it and calling it God. Having thus briefly disposed of Mr Long's carefully prepared argument, he drew attention to the " playbill " Bradlaugh called atheism "without God in the world," he stood right there, and in answer to hisses said he came by his opinions honestly, and would like to know how the his- sers came by theirs. He then com- pared the Christian theism to the Brahmin, and raised the following objections to its rationalism :—It involved belief in eternal pain; it dragged God to man's level; it had caused unutterable misery and bloodshed , it claimed that God was all good and all-powerful —although so much misery existed—upon which he asked the question made famous by Inger- soll, "Why didn't God kill the Devil '" it was enslaving and bred priestcraft. Atheism on the contrary was more rational because it found that in nature there was no more need of a God than of a king. Eternal Law met the scientist at every step ; ten thousand things could be conjured up, but nothing could be met but Law. Everything pointed to the world being complete in itself; to its want- ing no tinkering. Science taught that the higher phases of life were evolved from the lower, and that pain was the necessary result of changing conditions. Matter, space, and force were all that were needed, and that men had without God. ("Who said so?" interrupted a voice from the platform) "Tyndall, Huxley, Darwin—the giants of thought ; they all say so," returned tho doctor, turning quickly round. Con- tinuing, he laid down the assertion that life was not force acting on matter; that it was force acting in matter, and that the Eternal Law had brought from Chaos all the worlds men see. A perfect God could have no thought, because he was perfect, and could only know right. He was Law, the Eternal and All-pervading Law. The broader men's minds the greater became their conception of God. When their minds were shallow, they made Him small, and knew all about Him. With the latter declaration, the speaker rested, with half a minute to spare. Mr. Long, note book in hand, came for- ward, and naturally objected to Dr York's having built him a house of cards simply to knock it down again. He urged to the audience that the last speech had been irrelevant, seeing that the negator in a debate was obliged to answer the arguments of the opener. In the peculiar manner which characterises his logic, Mr. Long then claimed that in asking " Why God didn't kill the devil ?" his opponent had admitted their exis- tence—a claim which was received with a mingling of derisive laughter and considerable applause. He more logically urged that as Atheism was simply a negation, anything beyond that must be philosophy or some- thing else, and made a further hit by remarking that if, as Dr. York claimed, 50,000,000 people prayed unavailingly for Gar- field, Christianity could hardly be declining in the United State. After reviving tho well known disputation by urging that one must have mind to understand matter, he dubbed Dr York's speech a mass of tangled, mixed and absurd complications, and declined that it was impossible to worship nature. While arguing for pure theism by asserting that something must have been anterior to nature, tho bell tingled, and the audience united in cheering, some the retiring and some the rising speaker Dr York again claimed that his opponent was not touching on Christian theism, and, after declaring that work was the worship of Nature, he once more built up a version of the Christian faith, taking very good care, of course, to give it credit for nothing that he could not as speedily knock down. He particu larly impeached it for its treatment of women, and propounded to Long a series of questions relative to the intention and possibility of hell and tho cause of sin. When Mr Long once more took the floor he was getting excited, and declared it astonished him, though an old debater, to find that his careful arguments should be looked at with no more notice than if he had sung a comic song. He declared that York admitted a God repeatedly, that he got his belief from the Bible, and that, not only was Newton a Chris tian, but that Darwin believed in a Creator. He claimed also that Christians had as much right to exercise their thought as their oppo ncnts, and that it was absurd to say that a man who was digging potatoes was worshipping The latter drive at Dr. York did not seem to please tho Freethinkers present, who loudly termed it "Bosh," and called for arguments. Still further discontent was caused by his de claration that there would be mourning and lamentation when he went home and told them what the colonies were coming to Continuing, he said that his opponent quoted much from the bible, though he claimed not to believe it, for himself, he thought that if a man married a woman he should live with her. Dr York had spoken of witches and he wished tho witches would put some wit into that gentleman. This created another tumult, amid which the speaker declined to answer tho questions put as they were from the Melbourne " Liberator, ' and retired. When Dr York came on for the last time, tho miserable game of cross purposes was still more plainly apparent. He again assailed the theology, upon which Mr Long had not entered, and stated that the Christian theism was stolen from the Jews, and the trinitarian doctrine was an imposture. The Jews never claimed it, Christ never claimed it, it was irrational; he had no fault to find with Jesus of Nazareth and his work, on the contrary, he loved him because he used the strong arm of his intellect to break down priestcraft. Many saviours had given their lives to make men free—not only Jesus. Jesus added nothing to the Jewish command ments, and Egypt had those commandments long before the Jews. That concluded the debate by limitation of time not by exhaustion of topic, for both speakeis were plainly wound up, and could have kept on for weeks without really crossing swords During the evening Mr Long stood calmlv, except on rare occasions, while Dr. York wandered about the platform like an un- happy ghost, gesticulating freely, and occa sionally addressing himself personally to in dividual members of the audience Before the meeting closed he proposed a vote of thanks to Mr M Mastci, which Mr Lom seconded Then everybody went homo, and tho first Long Yoik debate ended at 1010 sharp _ 