BOXING DAY. Christmas Day falling on a Saturday this year, and Sunday being a dies non in the holiday calendar, Monday was consequently observed as Boxing Day. Business was en- tirely suspended, and Victoria gave itself over to enjoyment. The attractions were as numerous and varied as the most fastidious could desire. For those who find the greatest pleasure in the excitement of the turf there were several country meet- ings, including Winchelsea, at which His Excellency the Governor and party attended. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club races at Caulfield were not so well attended, however, as last year. Lovers of cricket had the opportunity of witnessing the intercolonial match between representa- tives of Victoria and New South Wales, on the Melbourne Cricket ground ; about 7,000 admirers of athletic sports attended the Temperance Gala at the Friendly Societies' Gardens, the aquarium at the Exhibition building, with its tanks of deep sea wonders, and the interesting zoological collection at the Royal-park, were largely patronised while the steamboats were heavily laden with plea- sure seekers, who preferred a cool breeze afloat to the dry, hot, dusty wind ashore. In the morning a hot north wind en- veloped the whole city and suburbs in clouds of dust. Happily the sun was obscured, so that the heat was much more tolerable than on Sunday, but a change threatened, and the weatherwise predicted heavy downfalls of rain, probably accom- panied by thunder and lightning—a pleasant prospect for the tens of thousands seek- ing enjoyment in the open air. All were agreeably surprised, however, for the welcome change came with little rainfall, barely sufficient to lay the dust in the streets, and the afternoon was bright and bracing the atmosphere being delightfully fresh and cool. In the evening all the places of amusement were crowded. There was the pantomine of "Robinson Crusoe" at the Theatre Royal, "Little Jack Sheppard " at the Opera-house, the still popular " Mikado" at the Princess's, "The New Rush" by Mr. Geo. Darrell, at the Bijou, and the Italian Opera Company at the Alexandra Theatre. The variety performances at St George's and Victoria music halls were also well attended. On no former occasion were so many places of amusement open in Melbourne. Apart from the five theatres and two halls just mentioned there were displays of fireworks at the East Melbourne Cricket ground, a novel entertainment at the Exhibition building, Dr. Lynn's conjuring at the Athe- næum hall, and various attractions at Ridg- way's Circus, the Temperance-hall, the Japanese Village, the Aquarium, the Apollo- hall, and the Waxworks. The following are details of the events of the day :— THE INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. NEW SOUTH WALES V. VICTORIA. FIRST DAY. The thirty seventh intercolonial cricket match between Victoria and New South Wales was commenced yesterday, on the Melbourne Cricket-ground. The weather was not at all favourable, a mild morning developing at noon into a windy and un- pleasant day. After the poor patronage given to the English match, the usual Boxing Day attendance would have proved an agree- able change, but the assemblage at the hour of starting play was not at all such as cricketers have been accustomed to see on the great day of the season. Not only has the mechanical accuracy which first- class batsmen have acquired helped to lessen public interest in the game, but the attractions which Boxing Day offers to the public in the way of amusement have materially increased. The ground looked well tor Christmastime being green up to the fence, and with fewer bare patches than usual on the outskirts where practice wickets are pitched. All the Victorians attended punctually, Morris, as arranged, taking Spofforth's place in the team. The selection committee for New South Wales had waited until the last moment before finally selecting their team, the choice for eleventh man resting between Allen and Richardson. The former is the more dashing batsman of the two, but Richardson is considered the more reliable, and in addition he has the advantage of being the better fieldsman. The committee therefore decided to leave Allen out. There were two men out of the New South Wales team whose absence was much regretted. One was Massie, perhaps the most dashing of all Australian batsmen ; the other, Mather, who shaped so well in Mel- bourne last year, but who recently had his eyes so much injured by the bursting of a sodawater bottle that it is doubtful whether he will ever play cricket again. The Victorians chose Blackham as their captain, while M'Donnell led the New South Wales team. The ex-Victorian was fortunate in his first intercolonial venture, for he won the toss, and the first use of M'Alpine's wicket, which is always a consideration. The pavilion and stand were decorated as usual with the flags of the different clubs, the large white lettered dark blue flag of the V.C.A. having the position of honour in the centre of the stand, but most conspicuous of all was the peculiarly pieced yellow and black of the Richmond club. In the matter of uniform the Victorians were a mixed lot, Midwinter, Bruce, and Walters being the only players who appeared in the dark blue caps and sashes which constitute the Victorian colours in all intercolonial athletic contests. The only change in what was considered the probable arrangements for the day was the substitution of Arvier for Taylor as scorer for Victoria. The duty is purely an honorary one with the former gentleman, who under- takes it for pure love of the game, but it was none the less unfair to overlook Taylor, who is undoubtedly the most capable scorer in Australia. The constant check which he exercises over the scoring boards is known perhaps to a few persons only, but it is sufficient to prove his zeal, and in many im- portant matches he has been the only scorer, and has watched the telegraph carefully, and has not made a single mistake in his scoring book. Very shortly after noon the Victorians took the field Blackburn being at the wickets and Morris at point, while Trumble, as in the late match against the Englishmen, fielded at short-slip. As Bannerman and M'Donnell went out, both were warmly cheered, and Victorians not less than the supporters of the batting team would have wished to see both in their best form again. Trott opened the game with a maiden over to Bannerman, who appeared to be rather puzzled by a couple of the twisting slows sent to him by the South Melbourne bowler. Palmer, at the other end, commenced with a couple of full tosses to M'Donnell, and the first runs scored were 3 to long-leg by the Sydney captain. In Trott's second over M'Donnell got a rather fluky 4, as in playing forward he just snicked the ball past slip, and as the ground was very fast, it went to the fence with Walters in hopeless pursuit. Both men scored easily, but not with any great freedom, one 3 by M'Donnell being the result of very graceful leg play. Palmer was particularly easy to the batsmen, as he sent down too many full-pitched ones. In his third over Bannerman hit one of these very neatly to the fence at long leg. Palmer laboured under the disadvantage, however, of having to bowl in the teeth of a strong wind. Both batsmen were good on the leg side, M'Donnell's most effective stroke being a neat glance, while Ban- nerman placed them under his leg for singles. The score was carried without apparent effort to 31, and then Palmer, at the lower wicket, was relieved by M'Shane. There was an appeal in his first over, but Bannerman had touched the ball before it glanced to his leg. M'Donnell tried for a big leg hit in Trott's next over, but missed it. The South Mel- bourne bowler was in good form, but Ban- nerman finally lifted him to leg, Bruce, out near the fence, saving the fourth run. For several overs M'Donnell could do nothing with M'Shane, who was bowling mostly slows, but then he commenced to play him forward to right and left of the bowler, with- out, however, venturing on a big hit. Trott gave M'Donnell an occasional tempting ball, but the batsman declined to commit suicide by lifting them in the face of a strong wind. With 10 runs added since the first change, Blackham tried Midwinter in place of Trott. His second ball was driven hard to the off and fairly into Trott's hands, but the fields- man dropped it, and in consequence had to submit to a good deal of banter from the spectators, while Midwinter, on finishing a maiden over, was accorded a sympathetic cheer. In the next over he fielded a hard hit back from M'Donnell brilliantly, but the batsman squared accounts by lifting a slow full pitch in the same over out to the press-box for 4. The Sydney captain was having a most fortunate day. In Midwinter's next over he snicked a ball. Blackburn got into his hands, but it went out again, and Trumble fielding close up in the slips took it his right hand, and tossed it into the air. To the surprise of every one, the Sydney umpire gave it not out, having apparently been confused to some extent by the ball going from one fieldsman to the other. He explained afterwards, however, that Midwinter, in crossing the wicket, obscured his view of the batsman, and he was unable to see what really occurred. This was decidedly unfortunate for Midwinter, who had lost two wickets in two successive overs. But the Carlton captain triumphed over all difficulties. In the same over Ban- nerman snicked a fast one exactly as his partner had done. Again Trumble took the catch cleverly with his right hand, and this time there could be no mistake. Bannerman had scored 16 out of the total of 46. As soon as Jones came in, M'Donnell played one back dangerously close to M'Shane ; and then Jones, from his first ball, in trying to tip the ball away from his wicket, nearly managed to put it amongst the stumps. The play was eventful enough, but the incidents were all against the batsmen. In M'Shane's next over M'Donnell played one forward in the air, and Midwinter took an easy catch. In M'Donnell's 30 there was not a single hard hit, but the runs were all gracefully got, and he had made most of them before he became indebted to Trott and the umpire for the con- tinuation of his innings. Moses appeared to have been as nearly as possible bowled by the first ball he got from M'Shane, which kept low down, but it was not quite so dangerous as it appeared. M'Shane was bowling in really good form against the wind, and trying none of the fast ones which have so often spoiled his average in big matches. The scoring was remarkably slow for such a wicket. Although the necessity for further charges in the bowling was not clearly apparent, Bruce went on in place of Midwinter just before the luncheon hour. On coming out after lunch the players were immediately driven back to the pavilion by the mere threat of rain. As if to show that they were not to be influenced by the banter of the crowd, they stopped inside for a few minutes, and then went back again. The play was slow for a time, but finally Jones pulled a short-pitched ball from M'Shane to the on and ran four for it. The score was raised to 76 when Bruce, who had been put on before luncheon merely by way of experi- ment, gave way to Midwinter once more. Only one run had been added when M'Shane bowled Moses. The batsman tried a big hit to leg, but the ball glanced from his pad on to the wicket Moses's score was 10 only, and the Victorians got him very cheaply at the price. The total at the fall of the third wicket was 77. Turner snicked the first from M'Shane very near his wicket, but hit Midwinter finely to leg for four and drove him for a single. The newcomer was evidently a dashing batsman, for next over he stepped out to M'Shane and lifted him to the fence, being loudly cheered for the hit. In the following over he pulled the same bowler to the grand- stand corner for fours from two successive balls, and again the onlookers recorded their appreciation of spirited batting. Jones in trying to cut Midwinter made a very poor stroke, but fortunately none of the fieldsmen were within catching distance. Turner's fours ran the score up so rapidly that shortly after 3 o'clock 100 appeared on the board. M'Shane's slows were too much to Turner's liking, and Palmer took the place of the left- hander just after the three figures were an- nounced. The scoring went on however, Turner being apparently one of those lithe eager batsmen who must get runs or go out. With the total raised to 110 Trott went back to his old end instead of Midwinter, and Turner got a very lucky 2 from his first ball, the batsman trying to put it to long- field, but only snicking it high in the slips. Off the next ball Turner effected his purpose without any mistake, the ball going very fast to the fence at long on, and the last of the over was stopped by Midwinter close to the fence. Turner very soon passed Jones in the scoring, and was into the thirties. In Palmer's next over Turner put one rather close to Trumble, but not close enough to cut his innings short. Turner made no pretence of safe batting, but took the risks on nearly every stroke. His loose hitting was, however, more acceptable to the onlookers than the tame perfection of Bannerman, Moses, and Jones. The Sydney men had their luck, for Turner played a ball from Midwinter on to his wicket without displacing a bail. Trott's slows were as acceptable to Turner as M'Shane's had been, and the batsman got his sixth 4, but at the expense of the South Melbourne bowler. Another splendid 4 drive was made by Turner off Trott, the ball being jammed between two of the iron railings. The next was stopped by Houston, close to the pavilion gate, and, amidst encouraging cheers, the Sydney hitter carried his score to 50. The onlookers, while giving the batsman every encouragement, however, were clamouring for a change, and, something of the kind being absolutely necessary, Blackham put Trumble on in place of Palmer when the score was at 143. Jones's hitting was by no means dull, but his best cuts counted little with the spectators in comparison with Turner's "slogging." When he had reached 57 he stepped out and lifted Trumble high over the bowler's head, and Bruce out near the chains took a well judged and exceed- ingly clever catch. Turner made too many miss-hits for his innings to be called a good one, but that his "tail" hitting was appre- ciated there could be little doubt. Even the greatest admirer of correct cricket was glad of the variety which his batting gave to the day's play. When he does get hold of the ball fairly his hits are hard and good, and his batting more closely resembles that of Bates, of the English team, than that of any other well- known batsman. Richardson, who was playing his first intercolonial match, came in next. He is a batsman of the ordinary methodical type, and as soon as he joined Jones the game had a relapse, and monotony was again the prevailing feature of the play. With the score at 166, Jones's share being 41, the players retired for a few minutes. By 4 o'clock, when the attendance was at its best, there were not more than 5,000 people present, a rather poor attendance for a Boxing Day match. Long before this the weather had improved, and was as fine and bright as a batsman could desire it. The wind, too, was hardly so strong as in the forenoon, having changed round, so that it was now rather in favour of the bowler from the Richmond end. When play was con- tinued Trott was tried as a bowler again, this time from the further crease. The most of Jones's runs came from stylish cuts, though generally he showed a good deal of respect for Midwinter's off theory. Richardson dragged forward to a ball from Trott, missed it, and Blackham took the bails off, but a very close thing was given in favour of the batsman. Richardson was batting toilfully, content apparently to keep his wicket up and wait for runs to come. Bruce was cheered for some smart fielding at cover-point, a hard hit by Jones being well stopped. A dull partnership was broken at this stage, for Jones trying to pull a short pitched ball from Trott missed it completely, and was bowled. His score of 46 was got as usual by perfect, if not very showy, cricket. The board showed five down for 171, and Garrett came next. The first ball from Trott pitched on the batsman's foot-he having missed it-and as the ball was straight, and the Sydney captain's foot fairly in front, he was given out leg before wicket. Six were down for 171 as Marr went in, and commenced rather laboriously in opposition to Trott. In the first couple of overs after he got to the wicket Richardson scored 6 runs, and then for a long time he remained there simply stopping the straight ones, and making the play duller than at any other period of day. Midwinter had his field splendidly placed to the off side, and the batsmen found it very hard to break through the cordon. Blackham had an easy chance of getting Marr's wicket, but missed the ball after the batsman had gone well forward to Midwinter, and failed to get hold of him. Amongst the Victorian bowlers the Carlton man had almost a monopoly of the bad luck, having lost several wickets. When at last Richardson scored his seventh run the spec- tators cheered, but the applause was not genuine, though any break in the dreary monotony was sufficient cause for thank- fulness. With 181 on the board Morris went on in place of Midwinter, who, although bowl- ing well, could not bleak through the stub- born defence of the Sydney batsmen. Trum- ble tried at the other end, and, after a few overs without any further runs added, Marr, who was playing back a great deal, and making the bowling more difficult than it should have been, snicked a ball from Trumble, and was caught by Blackham at the wickets. Marr played in very poor style as compared with what Melbourne assemblages have seen him do on more than one occasion. Evans went in, but imme- diately after he reached the wicket Richard- son was fairly beaten by a ball from Morris, which curled in from leg and bowled him. The state of the game now was 8-7-181. The Sydney men claimed for their colt that he was one of the most difficult batsmen of the team to bowl. On their play of the after- noon this was not much of a recommenda- tion, but whether true or not it was certain that Richardson's play was painfully slow. For three quarters of an hour he was at the wickets without scoring a run, and the result of over an hour's batting was only 7 runs. Burton joined Evans at the wickets, but neither batsman was at home, and with 188 on the telegraph board Evans was given out leg before wicket on appeal from Morris. There had been a dismal falling off in the batting of the Sydney men, and on such a wicket there could be no excuse for it. Ferris was last man in, and he at once put some life into the play by hitting a leg ball from Trumble over to the press- box for 4, and in the following over he sent the same bowler over Palmer's head at mid-off for 3. Then a run out seemed likely, but Horan fell in fielding the ball, and the Sydney men struggled on for the 200. Trott went on again as a bowler in place of Trumble, and în his first over Ferris got a hit for 3, which brought 200 in eight. Bruce stopped a hard hit from Ferris, and saved the 4, but re- turned it so badly to the wicket that the batsmen ran 5 for an overthrow Ferris, like Turner, hit out merrily, and brought on another change of bowlers, Palmer trying instead of Morris at the pavilion end. Again Ferris was busy as he hit Trott to the fence at long-off for 4. M'Shane, who had been hit off by Turner and was rather neglected, afterwards took a try with the ball at the further crease. Singles were scored from his first two, and Ferris, letting out at a leg ball, just snicked it and it went to the fence for four. Ferris was batting manfully and had scored over 30 runs while Burton was making 3. Within five minutes of time Palmer clean bowled the left-hander, and the innings closed for 220, at least a hundred runs less than they should have made under the circumstances. Ferris, who bats and bowls left handed, hit freely, just as Turner had done, and it is something of a coincidence that the two players who had been most successful with the ball for New South Wales against the Englishmen should now be associated as successful bats- men. Palmer's last essay with the ball had a somewhat notable result, as he sent down seven overs for one wicket and without a run. None of the Victorian bowlers scored any marked success, Morris having best average at the finish. The fielding was only moder- ately good, Bruce in the out field and Morris at point doing the best work, while Trumble was also very clever with his hands fielding close in at short slip. The following are the scores : NEW SOUTH WALES, FIRST INNINGS. Bannerman, 3,1,4,2,1,3 2 c.Trumble, b Midwinter 16 M'Donnell, 3,4,1,3,1,2,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,2.4,1, c Mid- winter, b M'Shane. Jones, 3,1,1,1,3,1,2,4,1,2,1,2,3,2,1,1,2,1,2,1,3,3,2,2, 1, b Trott . Moses, 1,1,4,1,1,2, b M'Shane. Turner, 1,4,1,4,4 4,1,3 1,1,2,4,2,2,1.4,2,2 4,2,1,1,1, 1.4, c Bruce, b Trumble . 57 Richardson, 1.1,1,2,1,1, b Morris,.7 Garrett, lbw, b Trott .. .0 Marr, 3,3 1,2, c Blackham, b Trumble .. 9 Evans, 2,1,1 lbw, b Morris .. 4 Burton, 2.1,1,1, not out . 5 Ferris, 1.4,3,1,3,5,2,1,3,1,2,4,1,4,1, b Palmer 36 Sundries .. . 6 Total .. .. .. 226 BOWLING ANALYSIS -Trott, 140 balls, 65 runs, 17 maidens, 2 wickets; Palmer, 64 balls, 25 runs, 8 maidens, 1 wicket; M'Shane, 104 balls, 42 runs, 10 maidens, 2 wickets ; Midwinter 148 balls, 36 runs, 10, maidens, 1 wicket ; Bruce, 24 balls, 10 runs, 3 maidens, 1 wide; Trumble, 68 balls, 26 runs, 7 maidens, 2 wickets, Morris, 48 balls, 16 runs, 6 maidens, 2 wickets. MARINE EXCURSIONS. The practice almost universally adopted by residents of the metropolitan district of spending Christmas Day in home festivities, has now become generally known, and ship- owners, therefore, only laid on very few vessels for trips down the bay last Saturday. A certain number of persons may, however, be relied upon as passengers for marine ex- cursions on any holiday in Melbourne, and the three ordinary pleasure steamers of Port Phillip Bay, the Ozone, Lonsdale, and Williams, were therefore advertised to start for watering places on the bay on Saturday morning from Port Melbourne railway pier, and in addition to these the Edina was an- nounced to leave for Geelong and Portarling- ton. The steamers all left with fair loading, the Ozone having 630 passengers for Queens- cliff and Sorrento, the Lonsdale 353 for Queenscliff aud Portsea, and the Williams 300 for Schnapper Point and Dromana. The Edina was also well patronised. The trips proved thoroughly successful, and the vessels returned safely home in the evening. Notwithstanding the great variety of amusements and railway excursions which are always organised for Boxing Day on land, there is invariably great traffic on that day on the ordinary pleasure steamers and a number of others which are laid on temporarily, and yesterday was no exception to the rule. Ten vessels left the Port Melbourne railway pier or the River Yarra, and nearly all of them were crowded. The great rush, as might have been expected, was for accommodation on the new and fast Ozone, and although her charge was 7s. 6d. for the return trip, which was considerably higher than the fare by the other vessels, she carried away no less than 1,191 per- sons from the railway pier for Queenscliff and Sorrento. Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons' fine steamer Buninyong went from the railway pier on the round trip, giving her excur- sionists close views of Queenscliff, Sorrento, Portsea, Dromana, Schnapper Point, Franks- ton, and Mordialloc, and the intervening scenery. The trip proved very attractive, and over 1,000 persons travelled by the steamer. The same firm also started the well known and favourite Leura from the Queen's Wharf, Melbourne, for Schnapper Point, and she went away quite crowded with about 900 passengers, who enjoyed a very pleasant trip. The Lonsdale took her usual trip from the railway pier to Queenscliff and Portsea, and was not affected by the rush to the other vessels, as she left with her full complement of 860 passengers. The large steamer Koonowarra, from Port Melbourne railway pier, for Portarlington only, did not convey so many as the others already named, but 360 persons went by her. The Williams, for Schnapper Point and Dromana, had 415 on board when she started from the railway pier. The Edina repeated her run from the Queen's Wharf to Geelong and Portarlington, and was crowded all over. The Casino tor Queenscliff, and the Dawn for Schnapper Point, both started well laden from the Yarra, and the little colonial steamer Queenscliff also left the river for Mordialloc with a fair number on board. Altogether 3,833 persons were taken from the railway pier by the five steamers which started from it, and as the vessels all left Hobson's Bay at tolerably nearly the same time, the resources of the Railway department on the Port Melbourne line were fully taxed. Long trains were, however, run every quarter of an hour, and the passengers were carried to the Port Melbourne station without any inconvenience. As usual, Sergeant M'Adam, with some members of the Port Melbourne police, were alongside the various steamers, and counted the passengers as they went on board, in order to prevent any vessel carrying more than her number, but they had no occasion to exercise their authority, as there was room on each vessel for all desiring to travel by her. An excursion of a much more pretentious character than the ordinary ones was pro- jected for yesterday by a number of gentle- men, but it fell through. It was proposed to engage the New Zealand steamer, Wairarapa, for a trip round the bay, the tickets for gen- tlemen to be 17s. 6d., and for ladies 12s. 6d., to include the cost of luncheon and refresh- ments, but sufficient tickets were not taken up to make the trip remunerative, and it therefore had to be abandoned. The weather was hot when the vessels started yesterday morning, the wind being strong from the north; but the sun became clouded before many miles had been traversed, and the journey down the bay was pleasant. The wind changed to the southward about half past 1 o'clock, and from that time onward the weather was very agreeable at Queenscliff, Portsea, Sorrento, and the other places where excursionists landed, and also on the home- ward journey. The Konoowarra and the Buninyong were the first vessels to return to the Port Melbourne railway pier, and they were followed at short intervals by the others up to 8 o'clock, when all had safely arrived, either at the railway pier, or their moorings in the Yarra. The passengers were quickly landed as the vessels arrived, and they all appeared to have enjoyed the day's outing exceedingly. RAILWAY TRAFFIC. There was an increase in the railway traffic yesterday as compared with Boxing Day, 1885. The returns from the Spencer street station were not available last night, but the returns from Flinders-street and Prince's-bridge stations, exclusive of the Caul- field race traffic, show an increase in the number of passengers of nearly 10,000 There was a falling off in the number of passengers on the Hawthorn and Lilydale and Sale lines, but there were very many more travellers on the Brighton, St Kilda, and Frankston and Mordialloc lines this year than last year. Subjoined is a detailed return :- FLINDERS STREET STATION | 1885. || 1886. | Passengers | Revenue || Passengers | Revenue Name of Line. | Brighton | 20,482 | £415 1s 2d || 22,961 | £461 12s 5d Port Melbourne | 12,924 | £130 18s 4d || 13,225 | £155 9s 6½d. St Kilda | 9,506 | £100 13s 7½d. || 13,901 | £130 5s. 4½d Total | 42,912 | £646 13s 1½d. || 50,087 | £750 7s. 4d. PRINCE'S BRIDGE STATION. | 1885 || 1886 ||| Passengers | Revenue || Passengers | Revenue Name of Line ||| Frankston and Mordialloc. | 10,455 | £546 0s. 0d. || 13,048 | £586 18s. 10½d. Hawthorn and Lilydale | 6,587 | £254 5s. 10d. || 5,946 | £242 16 11½d. Oakleigh and Dandenong | 739 | £21 12 11 || 1,322 | £37 7s. 6d. Sale... | 1,414 | £232 7s. 9d. || 1,380 | £244 18s. 7d. Total .. | 19,195 | £1034 6s. 6d. || 21,606 | £1102 1s. 11d. THE TEMPERANCE GALA The eleventh United Temperance Gala was held at the Friendly Societies' Gardens yes- terday, and proved a great success in point of attendance and the interesting character of the sports provided. About 7,000 people were on the ground in the afternoon. There was a very full programme of athletic sports, which began early in the morning and continued until 8 o'clock in the evening. The most interesting events were the heats of the two bicycle events, in which some very good riding was exhibited. Another event in which great interest was taken was the per- formance of Master Charles Carpenter's feat of walking a mile, running a mile, and riding a pony a mile, which he undertook to do within 22 minutes. He succeeded in doing it all, with 1 minute 40 seconds to spare. There was an immense variety of subordi- nate amusements, consisting of acrobatic performances by the Alberto Brothers, feats of swordsmanship by Mr and Madame Pearcezaclo, Highland strathspeys and reels, and a performance on the tight rope by the Australian Blondin. At intervals during the day temperance meetings were held in the pavilion, and were attended by large audiences. The first meeting was presided over by Mr. John Vale, the second by Mr. J. Munro, M. L. A., and the third by Mr G. Hughes. The speakers, who took up various temperance questions, were Messrs. A. Stewart, G. Hughes, James Blanksby, W. Dale, J. Carr, and J Merson. At 1 o'clock a number of representa- tives of the various temperance socie- ties sat down to an excellent luncheon, catered for by the manager of the Vic- toria Coffee Palace. Mr Munro, M.L.A., took the chair, the vice chairs being filled by Messrs G. Hughes and H. Crispin. The toast of " Kindred Societies" was pro- posed by Mr Hughes. Mr Munro responded on behalf of the Rechabites, Mr W. Rose for the Sons of Temperance, and Mr W. Lam- bert for the Good Templars. The toast of "'The Chairman" was proposed by Mr. A. Geddes, and received with cheers. The following are the numbers for the principal prizes, which include a cottage in Balmain street, Richmond, a piano, a bed- room suite, a cedar drawingroom suite, and a gold and silver Waltham watch : - 19,346, 6,234, 356,844, 1,399, 57,996, and 9,382. The following are the results of the athletic sports : - Youth's Race, under 12 years, 100 yards. First prize, 10s.; second, 5s. - McNamara, 1; M'Cul- loch, 2. Youth's Race, under 14 years, 150 yards, First prize, £1 ; second, 10s -Kane 1, ; Reece, 2. Maiden Race, 130 yards. First prize, £5 ; second, £1 - Stewart, 1 ; Wallace, 2. AMATEUR HANDICAP MAIDEN BICYCLE RACE. One mile. For riders who have never won a first prize in any advertised race. First prize, Special Club bicycle, value £21 (gift of Melbourne Sports Depôt) ; second Waltham watch, value £5 ; third, trophy, value £2. First Heat-C. N. Hall, 95 yds, 1; W. M. Woods, 55 yds, 2 ; P. Miller, 40 yds, 3. Second Heat.-D. M'Guiness, 60 yds, 1 ; B. Pender, 35 yds, 2 ; H. S. Busst 25 yds, 3. Final Heat H. S. Busst .. .. .. .. 1 D. M'Guiness .. .. .2 W. M. Woods .. .. 3 AMATEUR HANDICAP BICYCLE RACE (OPEN). First prize, Special Club bicycle, value £21 (gift of the Melbourne Sports Depôt); second, Waltham watch, value £5 ; third, trophy, value £2. First Heat-J W Busst, 240 yds, 1 ; R. H. Jack- son, 400 y ds, 2 ; H Thompson, 170 yds, 3. Second Heat- C. Rogers (500 yds), 1: J. W. H. Busst (scratch), 2 ; A M Dawson (390 yds), 3. Third Heat -D M'Guinness (315 yds). 1; J. A. Hunter (260 yds), 2, A. E Browne (60 yds), 3. Final Heat T. W. Busst .. .. .. .. 1 R. H. Jackson.. .. ..2 C Rogers .. .. .. .. .. 3 OPEN HANDICAP. 130 yds. 1st prize, £15; 2nd, £4 ; 3rd, £1. There seven heats for this event, and the fol- lowing entered -A. O'Donnell (scratch), C. Jolly (4 yds) E. Marshall (8 yds), T. Letcher (10 yds), C Martin (scratch), W Shelditch (4 yds), H. R. J. Marshall (8 yds), T Poat (10 yds), F. Stewart (3 yds), E. Jolley (4 yds), J Troubridge 6 yds), W Wil- cox (8 yds), C. Bishop (2 yds) P. Farrell (6 yds) R. M Donovan (7 yds) P.C.. Ford (8 yds), H. Thompson (4 yds) R. Hurren (6 yds), G Armytage (7 yds), H. Rundall (10 yds), J. A. Harvey (4 yds), M. Green (5 yds), R. M'Kay (7 yds), W Molyneux (10 yds), J. Nolan (4 yds) A. M'Kenzie (8 yds), C. Kelly (7 yds), A.Elder (10 yds). Final Heat C Bishop ... .. ..1 W Molynoux...t E. Jolly.. . .. .. .t THE PROTESTANT ALLIANCE FRIENDLY SOCIETY'S FETE. The Protestant Alliance Friendly Society held high festival yesterday in the Exhibition building during the afternoon and evening A procession, comprising about 800 members of the society in their regalia, walked to the grounds from the corner of Bourke and Spencer streets, and soon after its arrival at the building the entertainment was formally opened by Mr. Simon Fraser, M L. C, who, in the course of a few remarks, mentioned that the society was started m Melbourne in 1868, and that, during the last few years, it had progressed greatly. Two grand lodges, off- shoots from the Melbourne Grand Lodge, had been opened in New Zealand and Tasmania, and the funds of the association here, which was a benefit society, were in a very satisfactory condition. The programme of amusements comprised an immense variety of attractions. For the first time the lawn promenade was thrown open to the public, and it proved a very popular resort especially in the evening, when it was lighted by a great number of coloured lamps, and there was a fine display of fireworks. A representation of Windsor Castle, which was illuminated during the evening, excited much admiration. Mr R. J Aginton, a "fancy and burlesque skater," from the United States, appeared for the first time in these colonies. His style is characterised by per- fect ease and grace. Amongst the other attractions were some trick bicyclists, Mr Schott's performance on 25 drums, Scottish pipers, a Punch and Judy show, a Richard- son's show, and vocal and instrumental music. The attendance was very large, par- ticularly in the evening. The festival will be continued during the current week, and every day the programme will be varied. The drawing for the 100 gifts, to be distributed by lottery among the pur- chasers of tickets of admission, will take place next Saturday. From 10,000 to 12,000 persons visited the building during the even- ing. THE AQUARIUM. The aquarium at the Exhibition-building has received a very fair share of attention. On Christmas Day the attendance numbered about 1,200, and yesterday over 2,000 persons paid for admission. The new fernery has proved a capital attraction, and is much admired by the visitors. THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS. The attendance at this popular resort during the last few days has been somewhat disappointing. On Christmas Day between 1,200 and 1,300 persons paid for admission, and though this appears to be a very fair result, the numbers fall very nearly 1,000 short of those recorded on the same day of last year. Yesterday the number admitted was only about 1,100, whereas on Boxing Day last year about 3,500 persons passed the gates. The sultry and very threatening weather had no doubt a great deal to do with this falling-off, but it may also be accounted for to a great extent by the many new sources of amusement which are being opened up in more accessible localities, particularly in connection with the Exhibi- tion-building. The Royal park itself pre- sented quite a deserted appearance. Those who did go to the Zoological-gardens found plenty to amuse them, and previous visitors were able to note many acceptable improve- ments and additions which have been made by the society during the past year. THE ENGLISH ELEVEN AT BALLARAT. MATCH AGAINST A LOCAL TWENTY. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) BALLARAT, MONDAY A three days' match between the English professional team and twenty of Ballarat was commenced at the Eastern Oval to-day. The day was very hot, and the game was witnessed by about 3,000 spectators. The local men, who included Worrall and Duffy, were cap- tained by R. Coulsell. Shrewsbury, winning the toss, elected to bat, and shortly after noon went out with Barlow to the batting creases, and took strike from Worrall. Worrall started bowling very well, and in his fifth over Shrewsbury played one on to his wicket 1-2-6. Barnes joined Darlow, and after three maidens had been bowled the latter returned an easy catch to Duffy, who was bowling from the railway end, but the opportunity was lost. Barlow should have been run out shortly afterwards, but the ball was badly returned by the fieldsman. Barnes was destined to have a short innings, and in Duffy's next over he was brilliantly caught by Worrall in the slips. 2-0-7 Maurice Read was the next man, and he and Barlow, who fully appreciated his escapes, soon mastered the bowling. At lunch- time the score stood, two for 46. On resuming, Read played a free game, and the two batsmen soon ran up 90, Read lifting the ball over the chains for 6. A double change of bowlers was then made, H Pob- joy and B. Ham going on. The batsmen treated the bowlers with consideration at first, and the first century took two and a half hours to make. No change occurred until 130 was up, when J. Bryant succeeded Ham. Read, when not far of his 100, sent one off Bryant to Bradley at mid on, but it was too hard. Bradley succeeded Pobjoy at the northern end, and in his second over Read got a couplet and into three figures At 160 up Wollaston took the ball from Bryant. When 3 runs had been made Bradley clean bowled Barlow, who, after his escapes, played a steady defensive game for his score. 3-45-163. Gunn filled the vacancy, and in the next over from Wollaston Read was missed in the slips by Worall. Gunn started by lifting a ball from Wollaston into the bowling green, and scoring the only 6 made so far. Baker went on at the north end, and Read going out to his second ball missed it, and was smartly stumped by Coulsell. 4-121-192. Read played lively cricket for his score. His innings was blemished by two chances he gave, one to the wicketkeeper and one to the field. Scotton succeeded him, and soon re- tired again, Baker clean bowling him second ball. 5-0-192. Bates was next man, and in a few minutes ran up 27, when he went out to one from Worrall, which proved a shooter and clean bowled him. 6-27-239 Loh- mann joined Gunn and began some hard hitting. He tried to lift one from Worrall out of the ground, and was caught near the chains by W. Christy. 7-13-263. Briggs joined Gunn, whose free play was very popular. It was not to last, however, for when 4 more had been added to the score he was caught by Worall off his own bowling 8-48-267. Flowers succeeded, and he and Briggs were in when stumps were drawn. Of the bowlers tried Worrall was the most successful, getting four out of the eight wickets taken. Mr. S E. Figgis was umpire for Ballarat, and Shaw filled that office for the eleven. The following were the full scores : Shrewsbury, 1,1, b Worrall. Barlow, 1,1,1.1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,4,1.1,1, 1,1,1,1,1,1,4,1,1,1,2,1,1, b Bradley. 45 Barnes, c Worrall, b Duffy. 0 Read, 1,1,1,1,4,2,1,4,1,1,1,1,1,4,1,2,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,2,1, 5,1,1,1,1,1,4,1,4,1,4,1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,4,1,1,1,4,1,1, 1,1,1,1,1,1.4,1,2,1,2,1,1,4,1,1,1,1,1,3,1,1,1, st Coulsell, b Baker .. .. .. .. .. 121 Gunn, 2,1,6,4,4,1,4,1,1,2,1,4,5,1,1,2,4.4, c and b Worrall.. ........ .. .. 48 Scotton, b Baker.....0 Bates, 5,3,1,1,5,1,4,1,1,4,1, b Worrall .. 27 Lohmann, 4,4,1,4, c Christy, b Worrell .. 13 Briggs, 4,4, not out. 8 Flowers, 4, not out .. ..4 Sundries .. ... 8 Total for eight wickets .. _ _ 276 FOOTSCRAY SPORTS. The United Friendly Societies of Footscray gave a programme of sports at the Western gardens on Boxing Day, which was well carried out, and there was an excellent attendance, numbering nearly 2,000. The various events were well contested. The Belgravia Brass Band rendered some excel- lent selections of music during the day. The following are the results : Maiden Race.-Huxtable, 1; Smith, 2; Arm- strong, 3. Boys' Race, under 16 -Coward, 1 ; O'Shanaghan, 2 ; Godson, 3. Boys' Race, under 12.-Govan, 1; Beaver, 2; Buggy, 3. Publicans' Purse Handicap -First Heat, 100 yds - Huxtable, 1 ; Mort, 2; Newell, 3. Second Heat, 150 yds- Huxtable, 1 ; Smith, 2 ; Mort, 3. Third Heat, 200 yds-Mort, 1 ; Cotton, 2 ; Smith, 3. Girls under 16.-Trinsick, 1 ; Stewart, 2 ; Stubber- field, 3. Girls under 12.-Stewart, 1; Breston, 2; Baker, 3. Girls under 10-Thompson, 1; Ludlow, 2; Stewart, 3. Half Mile Handicap.-Junner, 1 ; Wright, 2: Scul- lion, 3. Siamese Race (Handicap)-Woods and Mat- thews. Quarryman's and Carters' Race.-Scot, 1 ; Opie, 2 ; Davies, 3. Old Buffers' Race-Truman, 1: Robinson, 2; French, 3 Mile Handicap.-Boswell, 1; Shoeman, 2; Scul- lion, 3. Friendly Societies' Race.-Newell, 1 ; Junner, 2 ; Pollock, 3. Handicap Trophy, 440 yds.-Junner, 1 ; Opie, 2 ; Jewell, 3. The following are the principal winning numbers of the art union :-First, 2,415 ; second, 258 ; third, 1,299. THE OBSERVANCE OF THE DAY IN THE COUNTRY. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.) QUEENSCLIFF, MONDAY. The steamers Ozone, Lonsdale, and Casino brought down some 3,000 passengers to-day. Over 1,000 also arrived here by train during the day. The principal places of attraction were the batteries, the lighthouse, Point Lonsdale, and the beaches. A great number of persons also picnicked under the shade of the trees in the reserves. The excursionists returned to town by their various steamers and trains. WALHALLA, MONDAY. The fourth anniversary of the Walhalla branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Associa- tion was held to-day, and was a great success. The attendance was large, and the amounts contributed for the sports sufficiently liberal to be competed for by the best athletes in the district. A ball to-night terminated the festivities. MORNINGTON, MONDAY. To-day the steamers Leura, Dawn, and Williams brought down quite 2,000 excur- sionists, numbers also coming by rail and road. Dancing, picnicing, cricket, and other amusements were heartily entered into, and kept up until the departure of the steamers at 6 o'clock this evening. BALLARAT, MONDAY. The railway traffic through Ballarat during the holidays was very much larger than it has ever been before. The ordinary pas- senger trains were almost invariably late, but the specials arrived in time. SANDHURST, MONDAY. The Christmas holidays have been cele- brated in the usual manner, but the weather has been very trying. On Christmas Day and yesterday the heat was intense, and few people ventured out of doors. This morning the sky was cloudy, but no rain came, and the atmosphere was most oppressive, with the additional discomforts of hot winds and clouds of dust. On Christmas Day, the Roman Catholic and Anglican churches held special services. Beyond a few private picnics, the day was very quietly kept. The only public entertainment was a sacred concert in the evening at the Exhibition, which was well attended. To-day thousands of people made their way to the different place of amusements, the oppressive weather not acting as a deterrent There were no sports in the city proper. A very large num- ber, chiefly young people, journeyed by special trains to the Foresters' picnic at Ravenswood, where various sports were in- dulged in. An athletic sports meeting at Eaglehawk was largely attended. Various minor amusements were patronised fairly. In the evening there was a large atten- dance at the Exhibition, and the Royal Princess Theatre was crowded to witness the opening of Messrs. Rignold and Allison's dramatic season, with "In the Ranks," CASTLEMAINE, MONDAY. The Christmas holidays have passed off very quietly in this district. On Saturday a team of 12 from the Melbourne Cricket Club arrived to try conclusions with a similar number of the Castlemaine United. The visitors made a poor stand, scoring only 57 runs, only one player (A. Jones) getting into double figures. F. and J. Lavar bowled splendidly for the locals. The Castlemaine made a good stand, and when stumps were drawn the aggregate stood 196 for the loss of eight wickets, the principal scorers being F. Lavar 61 and A. Lavar 32. The Castle- maine Juniors and the Melrose (South Mel- bourne) also played a match, the result of which was in favour ot the visitors. On Monday (Boxing Day) there were the usual number of picnics and other local amusements. The chief attraction, however, was the Campbell's Creek races, at which there was a large attendance. The profits are to be divided between the local charities. The following are the results : Trial Stakes, of 8 sovs., about one mile and a half. -Himalaya, 1 ; Rob Roy, 2 , Young; M'Gregor, 3. Steward's Purse, of 15 sovs, about a mile and a half.-Orphan and Wantage ran a dead heat, Bob Chambers being third. Maiden Trot, of 6 sovs -This was won by Tommy, with Polly second. Campbell's Creek Cup Handicap, of 26 sovs., about one mile and a half -Six started, the issue being Tait, 1 ; Forlorn Hope, 2, Orphan 3. Pony Race Handicap, of 6 sovs, about one mile Irish King, 1, Taken In, 2. Handicap Hurdle Race, of 13 sovs.., three times round the course. Only two started, Tait and Guiseppe, and it was a gift for the former. A Consolation Stakes concluded the day's pro- ceedings. MALDON, MONDAY. The Fire Brigade sports were held on the shire reserve to-day, but owing to the ex- treme heat of the morning there was a very poor attendance of spectators, and it is doubtful whether the returns will pay the expenses. MARYBOROUGH FRIENDLY SOCIETIES SPORTS. MARYBOROUGH, MONDAY. The Friendly Societies' sports held to-day in aid of the local chanties proved a great success. Prior to the sports a great proces- sion was held, in which all the friendly socie- ties took part. The Chinese contingent, how- ever, was the leading feature in the proces- sion, comprising over 300 celestials grotesquely attired, and bearing various banners. Several Chinese bands also took part in the display. The procession was marshalled by Mr. Lowenstein, the mayor of Maryborough. Between 4,000 and 5,000 people assembled in the park to witness the athletic competitions bicycling, &c.;, which were very good. Virtues, of Dunolly, as usual, rode splendidly in the bicycle races, carrying first prize from Irish, Lee. Dennis, and several other well-known crack riders, notwithstanding his heavy handicap. M'Gladdery, of Maryborough, won the Societies' Handicap, of £50; Kohn, of Geelong, being second ; and Wiley, of Kingston, third. Visitors were present from Sandhurst, Ballarat, and all intermediate stations, being conveyed by special trains. The financial result will be most satis- factory. THE CELEBRATION IN THE OTHER COLONIES. NEW SOUTH WALES. [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, MONDAY, Christmas passed off very quietly to-day. The weather was fine and warm, and the various places of resort about the harbour and the adjacent spots on the ocean beach were largely attended. The more distant recrea- tion grounds, and the picturesque spots on the rivers and in the mountains, were also resorted to by many thousands of persons. Of the sporting features, the A.J.C. races proved the most successful. In the evening all the places of amusement were thronged. The pantomimes at the Theatre Royal and the Royal Standard, " Falka" at the newly opened Criterion Theatre, Miss Minnie Palmer at the Opera-house, the dramatic performance at the Gaiety, and the special minstrel performance at the Academy of Music all passed off with great success. INTERCOLONIAL JUNIOR CRICKET MATCH. [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, MONDAY. The intercolonial Junior cricket match was commenced to-day on the Association ground. There was a fair attendance, and the weather was fine and warm. The wicket appeared in good condition, and the Victorian captain, who won the toss, sent his men in to bat. The pitch played well at the com- mencement, but soon began to kick at the southern, and subsequently at the northern, end. Letcher was struck several times, and once temporarily disabled. The visitors made an indifferent display against the excellent bowling of Spurway, Sparkes, and Hume, and the innings closed for a total of 103 only. A noteworthy contribution was that of Armstrong, who played a good innings of 21. The New South Wales team then went to the wickets, and made a capital stand, scoring 149 for tile loss of only four wickets. Cottam played a dashing innings for 53, and Dickings, who remains not out, compiled 57 by good play. It is noteworthy that the New South Wales team consists, for the most part of players who have taken part in senior cricket matches, and includes Whiting, who repre- sented the colony in the first match against the Englishmen, and Sparkes, who was con- sidered to have good claims to a place in the team. The following are the scores :- . VICTORIA. FIRST INNINGS. Tarrant, run out .1 Raines, b Spurway. 0 Johnstone, c Dickings, b Hume .. .. 0 M'Quirck, b Spurway .9 Lynch, c Wales, b Donnan,. .. . 12 Armstrong, lbw, b Spurway .. .. 21 Drysdale, c Whiting, b Sparkes .. .. 5 Letcher, b Spurway.10 Carlton, b Sparkes...3 Buncle, c Spurway, b Hume .. .. 9 Brown, not out .10 Sundries. .. 23 Total .103 BOWLING ANALYSIS.-Spurway took 4 wickets for 26 runs ; Sparkes, 2 for 11 ; Hume, 2 for 22 ; and Donnan 1 for 21. NEW SOUTH WALES. FIRST INNINGS. Cottam, c and b M'Quirck. 53 . Sparkes, c Drysdale, b Johnstone .. 15 Whiting, lbw, b Buncle. 15 Patrick, b Buncle. 8 Dickings, not out. 57 Baxter, not out . 0 Leg-bye .. .. .. . 1 Total for four wickets.. ...149 QUEENSLAND. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM CORRESPONDENTS.) BRISBANE, MONDAY. The Christmas holidays have passed off very quietly. The weather yesterday was wet and inclement. To-day it was unsettled and showery, considerably interfering with out- door enjoyment. The various steamboat ex- cursions to- day were fairly patronised, but there was little else in the way of amuse- ments. TASMANIA. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) HOBART, MONDAY. Today was observed as a general holiday. There were the usual excursions up and down the river and to the various places by road and railway. The weather was very hot all day, but a thunderstorm occurred this evening which brought about a change. CRICKET. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) HOBART, MONDAY. The cricket match North versus South begun to-day. The North in their first innings scored 215, of which Rock made 105. The South then went in, and had made 118 when the stumps were drawn, their innings being unfinished. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) ADELAIDE, MONDAY. The Christmas holidays began on Satur- day. " The Messiah " was given by the Adelaide Philarmonic Society in the town hall, and at the hall of the Y.M.C.A. under the conductorahip of Mr. C. J. Stevens. THE EVENING ENTERTAIN- MENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. "ROBINSON CRUSOE." The prestige which this house has acquired for its spectacular displays at Christmas time, and to which its spacious stage lends itself so readily, will be more than maintained by the production of "Robinson Crusoe." Mr. Alfred Maltby baa made the old familiar story the groundwork of a smartly-written burlesque, containing as many puns, good, bad, and indifferent, as could well be com- pressed within the same amount of space, and his stage experience has enabled him to devise scenes, situations, and in- cidents affording the freest scope for pictorial illustration, as well as for the introduc- tion of glittering processions, variegated ballets, and a whole menagerie of wild and domesticated animals, to say nothing of the most realistic storm at sea that has yet been seen upon the Melbourne boards, and a transformation scene of remarkable beauty, as poetical in its conception as it is brilliant in its execution, opening with a view of the broad ocean, illuminated by the glow of the setting sun, and bearing on its tranquil breast a freight of tunetul children, who seem to be on their way to "The Fortu- nate Isles," where the yellow birds sing, "And life lies girt with a golden ring ;" and changing to the depths of the mysterious main, with its " Sand-strewn caverns, cool and deep, Where the winds are all asleep ; Where the spent lights quiver and gleam. Where the salt weed sways in the stream, Where the sea beasts, ranged all round, Feed in the ooze of their pasture-ground ; And the sea snakes coil and twine, Dig their marl, and bask in the brine." Such a succession of pictures will be gener- ally regarded as an acceptable substitute for the regulation transformation scene, which had come to be monotonous in its gaudy gorgeousness. Mr. John Brunton has this year given the Melbourne public a taste of his quality, and has presented us with a series of "cloths" and sets which prove him to be a true artist. His views of Hull by day and night, and of a wharf at that port show his capacity for reproducing actual localities, while his " Retreat of Fairy Swans in the Valley of Sweet Waters," with its umbrageous trees, lily-starred stream, and " boundless contiguity of shade," de- notes his poetical feeling. It is just such a background and framework as befit the revels of the flower fays, bluebells, pansies, fuch- sias, and sunflowers, whinch are held within its precincts ; and when these disappear beneath the rising flood, and a sudden dark- ness falls upon the sylvan dell, and Shelley's " Vision of the Sea " ia made palpable to the senses, and the boiling surf and the wind- cloven waves " Like whirlpools of fire-flowing iron With splendour and terror the black ship environ," the effect is quite weird and eerie. Another of Mr. Brunton'a happy efforts is the royal palace of King Kockatoo, in which he has combined some of the most striking features of Hindoo and Siamese architecture, so as to produce an impressive and appropriately fantastic result. Mr. John Hennings has specially distinguished himself this Christmas ; and we do not remember to have seen anything from his pencil better than the moonlight scene on the coast of the island of Juan Fernandez with which the second act opens, or than the general view of the same island with which it closes. Both are genuine works of art, and the latter more especially so, because it derives no adventitious aid or effect from the skill of electrician or gasfitter. A hot sandy beach curves round a bay on which the rollers break in ridges of creamy foam, groves of cocoanut palms lift their domed crowns above the valley in the middle distance, and beyond these rise great masses of rocky mountains, resembling in foam and colour those which overlook the African coast of the Red Sea, while the whole landscape is suffused with a tropical glow of light and heat. "Robinson Crusoe" begins with the time honoured chorus of invisible demons, and as soon as they appear, their king (Mr Lessant) instructs them to throw the world into confusion with " Strikes, low wages, and high prices, Revolutions, wars, and crises," as also to strew the English coast with grue- some wrecks. When morning dawns, artificers appear upon the scene, erect palli- sade, and proceed to build a ship, which is accomplished before the conclusion ot the first act. Tommy Atkins (Mr. John Wallace) and his big brother Will (Mr A. Glover), Polly (Miss Ada Lee), who rejects the latter as her suitor, and Robin- son Crusoe (Miss Alice Johns), her favoured lover, successively make their appearance, proclaim their characters and the relation in which they stand to each other ; and with the assistance of a good fairy, Robinson re- solves to go to sea and make his fortune. The next scene takes place in the school- room of Mrs. Crusoe (Mr Elton), where an examination of some 40 or 50 children takes place on the subject of Cock Robin's lamentable death, and a doll ballet is prettily danced. The young mariner enters to announce that he intends to marry Polly right away, but is overheard by his malignant rival, who, with the aid of a band of privates, kidnaps the lovers in the next scene, and carries them both to sea. The act concludes with some fairy business in the Valley of the Sweet Waters, and with the storm and shipwreck previously referred to. This brings us to the island of Juan Fernandez, and the discovery of Friday (Mr C. W. Cogill, and of Tuesday Afternoon (Mr. H. T. Cogill), by Crusoe in the second act. The brothers Atkins, Polly, Mrs. Crusoe, and a donkey, to which she is greatly attached, have also landed on the island. This, be it observed, is far from desolate, inasmuch as King Kokatoo (Mr. R. Stewart), his son Prince Koko (Miss Docy Stewart), and his daugh- ter, the Princess Chickoree (Miss S. Forde) hold their court there, with Lord Durti- wurk (Mr Daniels) as their Chamberlain. The Prince falls in love with Polly, and all shorts of trouble arises in consequence, not to speak of that which is occasioned by a troop of agile monkeys, the most mischievous of which are personated by the Matthews Brothers, and by an attack of Indians. Tuesday Afternoon makes love to Mrs. Crusoe, much to that lady'a indignation, and the act winds up with a pictu- resque pageant, entitled the Procession of Princes. In the last act, the shipwrecked Europeans are brought before the King at his palace gate, where high festival is held, in which alligators, kangaroos, emus, a miscellaneous collection of wild beasts, and a scantily but splendidly attired corps de ballet take part. The strangers are ordered to be cooked for the Royal dinner, and when the scene changes the cannibal ovens are seen to be fiercely heated, and Will Atkins is the first to undergo the baking process, but, before he is properly browned, a demon appears and thrusts the King himself into the den. Happily, he is rescued, like the rest of the characters, by the opportune arrival of the Fairy Swansdown (Miss Julia Simmons), and the burlesque winds up with a comic medley, in which that young lady, Mr H P. Cogill, Mr. Glover, Mr Elton, and Miss Johns take part. Time is thus allowed for the prepara- tion of the transformation scene, the novelty and beauty of which were enthusiastically acknowledged by a crowded audience , and then the harlinquade commenced, with Mr. Theodore Matthews as Clown, Mr. Charles Matthews as Pantaloon, Mr. Boleno Brown as Harlequin, Miss Tilly Lake as Columbine, Mr. George Lee as the indispensable police- man, and "Little Carl" as the "spider policeman." Of the acting we may take another occasion to speak, as the first per- formance of "Robinson Crusoe" last night took place under circumstances which jus- tify it being regarded as a dress rehearsal only. It will suffice to say that Mr. Elton contributed the larger share of the humour, and that Miss Alice Johns is not calculated to shine in a part like that of the famous mariner, whether as an actress or a voca- list. Considering the elaborate character of the production, it went as smoothly as could be expected, but will bear considerable retrench- ment. Less ballet and more humour would render it still more acceptable. Mr Alfred Cellier has supplied the pantomime with some excellent music, and the management have spared no expense in placing it on the stage. The theatre was crowded in every part, and the performance, which com- menced at half past 7, did not terminate until midnight. This evening, we have no doubt, steps will be taken to compress it within more reasonable limits. HER MAJESTY'S OPERA-HOUSE. "LITTLE JACK SHEPPARD." The elements of mirth and music, clever acting and sprightly dancing, scenic beauty and spectacular brightness are so agreeably blended in " Little Jack Sheppard," that it seems to fulfil all the requirements of a Christmas entertainment, minus the har- lequinade, of which it may be said that, in connection with a piece so full of fun and frolic " it never will be missed " This operatic and dramatic extravaganza is pre- ceded by an overture of the good old- fashioned kind, in which there is plenty of variety and movement, gaiety and go, briskly interpreted by a strong or- chestra, which is kept well up to the mark by the firm hand ot Mr. F. Stanislaus. For the first scene of the first act, which passes at Wood's Farm, Mr. Spong has prepared a charming set redolent of the rural life of England—a thatched homestead, with its dovecot, cart- shed, and outbuildings, neighboured by trees which are older than itself, occupying the foreground of the picture, while over the low wall of the croft the eye is carried across a breadth of sunny pasture land to where Harrow-on- the- Hill detaches its softly rounded outline from the softened azure of the sky. A Mayday Chorus, composed by Mr. Meyer Lutz, fur- nishes a characteristic prelude to, and foretaste of, the musical numbers, which are to follow, and these are so numerous and diversified in style and character, owing to the fact that nearly a dozen writers have been engaged in their composition, that the work is really a comic opera of no mean pretensions in addi- tion to the otherclaims it presents to public favour. Taking the principal songs, duets, and concerted pieces in the order they occur, we may single out Miss Emma Temple's "They call me the belle of Dollis, Hill," the 'Fairy Tale," by Miss Harcourt and herself, the march and chorus of Janissaries, Mr. Brough's patter song, "I'm a marvellous man," with its grotesque dance accompani- ment, Miss Fanny Robina's capital song, "My name's Jack Sheppard," the music by Mr Stanislaus; the duet between that lady and Mr. Royce, with its rollicking chorus, his own song, "My Gladstone Bag;" and the pleasing quartette, in winch Miss Robina, Mr. Royce, Miss Wyndale, and Miss Bessie Major, take part, for special praise. Indeed, these alone would have sufficed to make the fortune of the first act, apart from the liveli- ness of the incidents, the pictureequeness of the groupings, the vivacity of the dancing, and the excellence of the acting, while the highly melodramic combat with which it closes brings the curtain down amidst bois- terous applause. The second act opens in the cave of Harmony, a drinking saloon of a sumptuous character, and the intro- ductory chorus, "Lillibulero," prepares the way for a night of revelry, and a rapid succession of taking airs. Miss Robina's "Put on lots of side" is evidently destined to become very popular, and Mr. Brough's " Altho' I act in villain fashion," which is a capital travesty of the sentimental cavatina, was delivered with serio-comic earnestness, which rendered it highly effective. Miss Harcourt follows with a pretty ballad, " Silver Stars," nicely sung; and the humorous trio, "Leave the whole business to me," was much relished by the audience. A pas de deux, by Miss Temple and Mr Ward, per- formed to an accelerating tempo as regards the accompaniment, formed quite a feature of the act, while Blusekin's song, as chairman of the Free and Easy, "Farewell to Old England for ever," with its jovial chorus, brought the house down. In the midst of the revels Jack Sheppard is arrested, and the scene suddenly changes, during a few seconds of darkness, to a wharf on the Thames, with old London bridge covered with houses in the distance, and here some bustling action and an animated chorus bring the act to a lively termination. We get to Newgate in the third act, where a polyglot duet between Miss Robina and Mr Brough proves to be one of the most taking numbers in the extravaganza and scores a great success. The solo and ensemble "Farewell,' with their gaiety and entrain, lead up to an unaccompanied song, "When Claude Duval was in Newgate thrown," by Miss Robina, which is a little gem in its way. Blueskin enters, and Jack and his confederate escape up the chimney, and by some sensational changes of scenery after the manner of "Arrah, na Pogue," the fugitives are seen scaling a wall which con- ducts them to the roof of Newgate ; from hence there is a good view of London by night, with the dome of St Paul's towering above a wilderness of houses with lights shining from their windows. After Jack and his companion have let themselves down into the street below, pursued by Jonathan Wild and Mendez, there is another startling change of scene, from starlight to daylight, and from the murky metropolis to an autum- nal landscape in the country, with the vil- lagee of Willesden, an antique church, and a lych gate in the foreground, and a sunny harvest field, with shocks of golden grain standing amidst the stubble, and a pretty eminence crowned by a malt-house, filling up the distance. This is also the work of Mr Spong. A wedding chorus, something after the manner of Sir Arthur Sullivan, is sung in honour of the marriage of Winifred Wood and Thames Darrell ; Jack Sheppard and Blueskin, who have received the Royal pardon, appear upon the scene, and a rattling finale, beginning with the quite appropriate declaration, "Jack Sheppard now is done, as he's never been done before," brings down the curtain amidst general and hearty demonstrations of ap- plause. We have not thought it necessary to nar- rate the story of the extravaganza, for every- body may be presumed to be familiar with it, either in Harrison Ainsworth's, novel or in the popular melodrama which has been founded on it. The letter has been faith- fully adhered to throughout, and the period at which the action takes place-the reign of George the First-admits of the introduction of much picturesqueness of costume ; for it was one in which even bishops used to appear at military reviews in purple coats, cocked hats, and jack boots, and when the poetical recipe for a " masher" was this : - "You must take of fine linen enough to wrap him Right Mecklin must twist round his bosom and wrist ; Red heals to his shoes, gold clocks to his hose, With calves quantum suff -for a muff In black velvet breeches, let him put all his riches, Then cover his waist with a suit that's well laced." If the part of little Jack Sheppard had been written for Miss Fanny Robina, it could not have fitted her better than it does. She is carried away by it, and carries the audience away too. Her vivacity and verve "know no retiring ebb," and there is a refinement in her style of acting which is especially ac- ceptable in the present part. Whether in song, or dance, or action, she is equally in earnest, equally clever, and equally success- ful ; and has given greater proofs of capacity and versatility, and acquired more legitimate popularity in this character than in either of those in which she has previously appeared. Her position as a public favourite may now be regarded, indeed, as well defined, and firmly assured. The company is strong in ladies qualified to shine in extravaganza, and Miss Florence Harcourt as Thames Darrell, Miss Emma Temple as Winifred Wood, Miss Romer as Mrs. Sheppard and Miss Rita Wyndale as Edgeworth Bess contributed, in no unimportant degree, to the success of the performance. Mr Brough, burlesque of the highwayman of the Adelphi melodrama over- flows with humour, which is all the more diverting on account of its seriousness and solemn earnestness. It is at times even grim, and the demureness of his countenance is in droll contrast with the mercurial alac- rity of his movements and the jocundity of his pantomime Mr. Royce is quite at home in a part like Blueskin, and if there were occasional remimsences in it of the brigand he recently personated, it only serves to show that he was not quite off with his old love before he was on with his new. Mr. Warde, as Kneebone, enters thoroughly into the spirit of extravaganza, and his lightness, flexibility, and sparkle as a dancer are ex- hibited to remarkably good purpose in "Little Jack Sheppard." There was, as might be expected on Boxing night, a very large audience, the encores were numerous the applause frequent and liberal, and "Little Jack Sheppard" may be pronounced to have achieved a decided suc- cess. THE OPERA. The attendance at the Alexandra Theatre on Boxing night was not so great as it would have been if the promise of last week's advertisement had been carried out. It was made known to those who came to the performance that " Il Trovatore " would be given instead of " Norma," in consequence of the illness of Signor Santinelli, who was to have played the part of Pollio. Notwith- standing the disappointment to many, a large audience remained to listen to the representation of Verdi's most popular opera given by Signora Ciuti as Leonora, Signora Cavalleri as Azucena, Signor Lazzarini as Manrico, Signor Pimazzoni as Conte di Luna, and Signor Buzzi as Ferrando. The whole performance went without blemish. The song, "Il Balen," by Signor Pimazzoni, and the whole of the " Miserere Scene," were encored with en- thusiasm, and all the principals were fre- quently recalled. To-night, according to the advertisement which appears in another column, Bellini's grand opera, "Norma," will be given for the first time by the present company, and with the following distribution of parts, namely-Norma, Signora Ciuti ; Adalgisa, Signorina Rebottaro ; Pollione, Signor Santinelli ; Oroveso, Signor Tomaso De Alba; Flavio, Signor Benucci; and Clotilde, Miss Flora Graupner. THE BIJOU THEATRE. THE NEW RUSH. There was a large audience at the Bijou Theatre yesterday evening, when Mr. George Darrell's drama, entitled "The New Rush," was presented for the first time. The story upon which this play is founded, is illustra- tive of certain phases of life in Australia. The scenes are localised, being cast in Mel- bourne, and in the goldfields of the colony, and many of the characters are familiar. The play, although sensational, does not contain any exaggerated effects. Everything is within the limits of probability, and there is nothing in either the plot or the dialogue to offend the taste. The plot is, to a certain extent, involved. The motives that underlie some of its main incidents are for a time concealed, and the interest of the narrative is sustained throughout. The hero is Karl Caradoc, a bank manager, and the first scene is Caradoc's house. After an amusing interchange of civilities be- tween Bill Mopsus and Dorcas O'Dowd, both servants of Caradoc, Karl Caradoc, and Alice Caradoc, his wife, are introduced. The former has invited a friend to dinner, and Mrs Caradoc has received an anonymous letter, requesting her not to exhibit surprise at his appearance. She questions her hus- band, and ventures the surmise that the friend is either a sporting man or a bill dis- counter. Mutual recriminations take place, husband and wife accusing each other of extravagance. The husband confesses that he is in serious difficulties. He has given way to the two inseparable vices of gambling and drinking, and has become involved. He proposes to his wife that they should leave the country and begin life anew, promising to abandon his evil habits. The wife refuses. She will not subject herself to ridicule, nor run the risk of abject and grinding poverty. " Then," says the husband, "let things take their course. You shall have fashionable life whatever comes. Do not blame me here- after if you are compelled to participate in my downfall and disgrace." The friend invited to dinner proves to be Richard Marsden, first husband of Alice Caradoc, and believed to be dead. The nature of the relationship is not disclosed. The wife restrains her feelings, and on re- ceiving a hint from Marsden remains silent. A sheriff's officer presents a writ of execution on Caradoc. This is the first blow, but as Caradoc wins by a bet £5,000, the difficulty is for the time being overcome. Marsden has vowed revenge on Caradoc, and induces him against his will, to go with him to a gaming- house kept by " Bella, the Duchess," a woman of the world. Percy Wyndham, a new chum, who is in love with Caradoc's sister Kate, accompanies Caradoc, with the view of befriending him, but is drugged by Bella. Caradoc throws the dice with Marsden and loses his £5,000, after which he avows that he is ruined, accuses Marsden of changing the dice, and struggles with him. The next important development is the closing of the bank at which Caradoc is manager, and his arrest as a defaulter. He is sentenced to four years' imprisonment. Wyndham marries Kate Caradoc, and be- friends Alice Caradoc until the release of her husband. On the morning on which his sen- tence expires, Marsden appears on the scene again, and by threats compels Alice Caradoc to disown Caradoc on his first interview with her. In Caradoc's presence, Marsden de- clares that Alice Caradoc is his wife, and Caradoc throws Marsden out of the window, as the result of which he is arrested and sent back to gaol. Marsden compels Alice Caradoc to acccompany him to the New Rush Diggings, where she lives a prisoner in a shanty. Sam Sogg, "a Unemployed" communicates to Marsden and his mate, Dave Stoyles, a former bookmaker, the intelligence that Caradoc, who is again at liberty is on the diggings with Wyndham, and has found a rich nugget. He says that Caradoc wishes to to see Alice Caradoc, and proposes that while he is having his interview with her they should go to his tent and purloin his nugget. Wyndham refuses to be a party to the crime, but Marsden and Sogg depart to carry out their nefarious purpose. Caradoc sees Alice Caradoc, and in reply to his remonstrances she explains that Marsden married her because, on the death of her uncle, she would be the heiress to a fortune of £20,000, and she consented to the match to save her own father from dishonour. He brings a cable mes- sage which announces the death of her uncle. They are about to leave the shanty together when they are confronted by Marsden and Sogg. Marsden has overheard what has taken place, and is furious. He confronts Caradoc with a revolver, and an encounter ensues in which Marsden strikes Alice Caradoc on the head and stuns her. Cara- doc is overpowered, and carried to a hut where he is bound and imprisoned. Alice Caradoc is found by Bill Mopsus, and Dorcas O'Dowd, now married, and taken away as dead. The police and a crowd of miners appear. Sogg and Marsden charge Caradoc with hav- ing murdered his wife and they propose to lynch him. Lynch-law is about to be ad- ministered when Wyndham arrives with the police, and an unexpected witness in the person of Dave Stoyles convicts Marsden and Sogg of the crime they attempted to lay to the charge of Caradoc. His testimony is confirmed by that of Mrs. Caradoc, who recovers from her wound, and Bella, "the Duchess,' appears unexpectedly, and claims Marsden as her husband. Alice Caradoc is after all the lawful wife of Karl Caradoc. They are re- united under happy circumstances, and Marsden and Sogg are lynched by the crowd of miners. Thus the story ends. This ia only the main thread of the narrative, There is some good by play, into which much humour is imported, and the plot as worked out by the author contains many powerful situations and thoroughly arouses the sym- pathy of the audience. The company by which the piece was pre- sented is a very strong combination, includ- ing as it does, Mr George Darrell in the character of Karl Caradoc, Miss Maggie Knight as Alice Caradoc, Miss Boucicault as Kate Caradoc, Mr Walter Everard as Percy Wyndham, Mr Olly Deering as Bill Mopsus, Miss Maggie Oliver as Dorcas O'Dowd Mr. Philip Beck as Richard Marsden, Mr. G L. Gordon as Dave Stoyles, and Mr Harry Douglas as "a Hunemployed " The play was presented, so far as the acting is concerned, in an unexceptional manner, and it was well received by the audience the company being several times called before the curtain. The scenery, which is by Mr John Hennings, is excellent, and great care has been exercised to make the representations of colonial life as realistic as possible. Judging from the result of last night's performance, the "New Rush " will enjoy a season of prosperity at this theatre. PRINCESS'S THEATRE At the Princess's Theatre yesterday evening Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivans opera "The Mikado" was repeated. The house was crowded in every part, and the excellent per- formance was received with frequent ap- plause. DR. LYNN AT THE ATHENÆUM-HALL Dr Lynn, having recently returned from Sydney after a successful season, has com- menced, at the Athenæum hall, a series of nightly entertainments. In addition to the clever performances with which Melbourne audiences are acquainted, Dr Lynn has in- troduccd a novelty appropriate to the season in the shape of an apparently inexhaustible " Christmas hamper " The basket was shown to the audience, to all appearances perfectly empty, but by means of his leger- demain. Dr Lynn produced from it a complete array of Christmas good things -geese and other poultry, plum cake, mince pies, bottles of champagne, whisky, wine, and sweets, the latter being freely dis- tributed, to the great delight of the juvenile portion of the audience. The human mite, popularly known as the Midget, was likewise produced from the hamper. The entertain- ment included the miraculous draught of fishes, new table turning manifestations, and concluded with the marvellous illusion of "The Vanishing Lady " Dr Lynn will per- form nightly in the Athenæum-hall for the rest of the present week. VICTORIA-HALL. The Victoria hall was crowded yesterday evening, and Mr Clark's holiday programme proved a complete success. In the first part a novelty was introduced in an interesting tableau representing the carnival of Venice. A new comic medley, "Merry Christmas," was sung by Mr Clark, and an original finale, " Our Christmas Tree," written by Mr. J. R. Walsh, was performed. In the second part Miss Nellie Wilson, the top-boot dancer, made her first appearance, and was well received. Miss Nina Tulloch was repeatedly encored, and much merriment was created by the burlesque black pantomime, "Little Boy Blue," arranged by Mr J. R. Walsh. ST. GEORGE'S HALL There was a large attendance at St George's Hall yesterday evening, when an excellent programme was presented. Signor Sali did not appear, owing to a slight injury he sustained to his foot when practising, but it is expected that he will be able to resume his performances this evening. The wire walking of " Wainratta" and the dancing of Miss Ida Heath constitute the main attrac- tions of the entertainment, and are the most clever performances of the kind yet seen in Melbourne. THE JAPANESE VILLAGE. The Japanese Village has proved a great attraction to country visitors during the last few days, and there were large attendances yesterday, both in the afternoon and even- ing. THE CIRCUS. Two performances were given at Mr. G. Ridgway's Circus Pavilion yesterday in the afternoon and evening, and appeared to afford great gratification to the large audi- ences present. DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS. A pyrotechnic display on a large and bril- liant scale was made last night by Mr. James Pain, on the East Melbourne Cricket ground, in the presence of about 12,000 people. There was some disappointment at the outset owing to the delay that took place in com- mencing the programme, and the want of punctuality was due, as it turned out, to the uncertain state of the weather during the day having interrupted the pre- parations for the fête. The visitors, en- ticed by the promise of a treat at the hands of Mr. James Pain, an entrepreneur whose fame had preceded him, flocked early to the ground only to find that until a quarter-past 9 nothing was provided for their amusement but the illumination of the ground-which was lavishly and tastefully done-and the band of Mr. Julius Herz, which played a great variety of selections. Certainly there was a good deal to admire in the dressing of the ground with festoons of lamps, Chinese lanterns, and coloured lights wreathed in charming devices, and the band did a good deal to enliven the time which had just begun to drag rather heavily when a huge fire balloon was seen to be slowly rear- ing itself in its full proportions from the ground like a mammoth mushroom near the brightly lighted rotunda of the band. The balloon, as it gradually filled and expanded with the heated air, became transparent, with the magnesium light which shone through its blue mid white gauze until the faces of the expectant mul- titude which encircled it were thrown into bright relief. Then the balloon, gaining swiftness as it rose, and carrying a comet- like tail of brilliant purple fire, ascended into the sky and irradiated all beneath it with a light brighter and more lurid than the sun's, till in a few moments the ball of fire, carried by the breeze, had passed away from the ground, and the sea of upturned faces which it had re- vealed faded again into darkness. But the darkness was only momentary, for scarcely had the balloon gone out at a great height in a brilliant coruscation of stars than there flashed across the sky in quick suc- cession an ever - varying and most dazzling pyrotechnic transformation scene, which, changing with the rapidity of forked lightning, almost bewildered the eye with fiery dragons, shells, tinted stars, asteroids, checkered fire, aerial jugglery, revolving devices, cometic showers, electric rockets, peacock plumes, the "Falls of Niagara,' "Prairie Fire," war shells, prismatic torrents, and every beauti- ful combination of every colour of the rain- bow that fancy could suggest. The specta- tors could scarcely take in all that was presented so liberally for their entertainment, for while rockets and fiery cobras, " Aladdin's jewelled tree," the chrysanthemums, and the "monkey gymnast" were overhead, there were scintillating revolving wheels throwing out showers of golden spray at another part of the ground, or, maybe, the "Sacred White Elephant," was taking a walk, which com- pleted, allowed attention to be centred upon an excellent portrait of Her Majesty the Queen, which was ushered in with a truly regal blaze of splendour, the band playing the National Anthem. For three-quarters of an hour the fusilade of bombs and other fireworks lit up the sky without intermission, and evoked the loudly expressed admiration of the spectators, and then came what was regarded as the feature of the evening, namely, a representation of the bombardment of Alexandria. A salvo of mimic artillery roared, and then the three war ships became clearly outlined underneath towering forts, which the ironclads cannonaded with a hot fire. The forts feebly replied, while the little Condor was seen moving about as briskly as she did when Lord Beresford was rewarded with the signal from the flagship, "Well done, Condor." As a finale, a great bouquet of coloured rockets was sent up, bringing to a conclusion what was generally regarded as a most successful exhibition. It was an- nounced by means of a fiery legend that the display would be repeated to-morrow even- ing, and the announcement was much ap- plauded. MRS T. P. HILL'S RECITALS Owing to the many counter attractions, it was deemed advisable by the management to postpone the recitals which were to have been given by Mrs T. P. Hill at the Free- mason's-hall last night. BOXING DAY RACE MEETINGS. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB The oppressive and threatening weather from an early hour yesterday morning had the effect of diminishing the attendance at the Caulfield racecourse, which was much below that of last year. A change took place as the afternoon wore on, when one or two light showers fell, and the atmos- phere was much cooler. The stand and paddock were fairly attended, the fields were large, if not specially select, and the racing was interesting and free from serious acci- dent. There was some dissatisfaction ex- pressed on account of no provision being made for notifying the results of the A J.C. races at Sydney or the intercolonial cricket match. The programme of the day opened with the usual Selling Race, but before the weighing commenced the scratchings were so numerous that out of 17 on the card there were only five left to face the starter. Mistake was thought to be so much above the others that even money was demanded about him. He ran badly, however, at the finish, and Hot Iron, a 5 to 1 chance, won easily by a length, the favourite only gaining third position. The winner was bought in for £110. The Hurdle Race had a field of 10 starters, of which Mosstrooper, a recent purchase by Mr. W. Bailey, of Ballarat, was made the favourite. He had the misfortune to be close upon Aristides when the latter came to earth, and brought Mosstrooper with him. Goodwood, who had a number of friends, won, with Marron second and Whale- bone third. The event of the day, the Summer Cup, had the fine field of 17 starters. Kohai had the call in the betting before they went to the post, though he opened at 6 to 1. A number of other horses were backed, of whom The Lévite carried a fair sum. Grace Darling and Dunlop were friendless through- out the betting, 20 to 1 against either meeting with no response. Empress was in front the earlier part of the running, and there were several changes until the entrance to the straight was reached, when the favounte, with The Lévite as an atten- dant, drew out, and a splendid race termi- nated in a short head victory for the son of Manuka. The brilliant Hortense was most inquired for in the Juvenile Stakes, notwith- standing her weight, at 5 to 2, at which figure Escutcheon was also supported. Perhaps was neglected by the stable, but the public backed her spiritedly at 4 to 1, After they were fairly settled down to their work the issue was never in doubt, as Perhaps won by a length and a half in very fast time. Fagg, who rode the winner, was disqualified for three months, for disobedience at the post. The Steeple- chase had 14 starters, but disasters set in early and considerably reduced the number. Roulette and Contingent fell at the first obstacle ; the second of the treble brought down Promotion, giving Corrigan a severe fall, and in turn Letitia, Salesman, Reticent, Banker, and Topsail either refused or fell. Curiosity, who had led twice round and into the straight, at last tired, and was beaten by Ruby. The meeting was brought to a conclusion with the Malvern Handicap. Sixteen horses out of 31 went to the post, with The Ghost a strong favourite. Beckwith made most of the running to the turn where Damocles shot out, and appeared to have the field com- pletely beaten, but The Ghost came with a brilliant turn of speed and was only defeated by a head. The following are the details of the racing : - SELLING RACE, Of 100 sovs. Winner to be sold for £100. Five fur- longs and a half. Mr. J. O. Reid's bl c Hot Iron, by Tubal Cain-Sea Shell (nil), 3yrs, 6st 12lb (Gorry) .. .. 1 Mr. J. D. Robertson's ch g F. F. (nil), 5 yrs, 7st 2lb. (Fiddes)... ... .. 2 Mr. T. Jones's b h Mistake (nil), aged, 7st 71b. (Sanders) .. .. .. ...3 Mr. A. F. Bradshaw ns ch m Seaweed (nil), aged, 7st. 2lb (Bruce).. .. .. .0 Mr. J. Harper's b f Phœbe Walton (nil), 3 yrs (6st 7lb. (Robson).. .. .. ...0 Betting-Evens Mistake, 3 to 1 agst F. F., 5 to 1 agst Hot Iron. A great deal of time was lost at the post through the fractiousness of F.F, who resolutely refused to go up to his horses. When they were set going Mis- take and F.F. were quickest away, with Hot Iron two lengths behind the field. At the turn Mistake, F.F., and Seaweed were together, Phœbe Walton two lengths away, and Hot Iron still last. As they entered the straight Hot Iron moved up to the leaders, and Seaweed temporarily had his head in front. Inside the distance Hot Iron came through, and won by a length , F. F. was next, then came Mistake, Seaweed, and Phœbe Walton, six lengths behind, last. Time, 1m. 13s. The winner was bought in for £110. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of 150 sovs, added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs, each. One mile and three quarters Mr T. Jones's b g Goodwood, by Slanderer-Far- mer's Daughter, aged, 10st (Anderson) .. .. 1 Mr. D. Fountain ns cb m Marron, 6 yrs, 9st 2lb. (M'Gowan)....... .2 Mr. J. B Gill's b or br g .Whalebone, aged, 9st 6lb. (Williams) ..........3 Mr J L. Clough's ch h Distiller, 6 yrs, 11st 21b. (Gardiner) ............0 Mr. J. Harbottle's b h Aristides, 5 yds, 10st. 10lb. (M'Lean)............0 Mr W. Bailey's br b Mosstrooper, 6 yrs, 10st 3lb. (Carey)...........0 Mr. A. Davies's ch g Louis, 5 yrs, 10st 2lb (D. O'Brien).0 Mr. W. T Jones's g h Country Boy, 6 yrs, 10st (Ferguson) .0 Mr. A. F. Bradshaw ns ch h Yellow Hammer, 6 yrs, 9st 51b. (Guy)............0 Mr. W. S. Cox'a (jun ) b g T. B. 5 yrs, 9st. (Owner) 0 Betting -6 to 4 agst Mosstrooper, 9 to 2 agst Good- wood, 7 to 1 agst Marron, 8 to 1 agst Distiller. At the fall of the flag Aristides and Whalebone were first to show in front, but only for a few moments, when T. B. assumed the command. Then came Good- wood, the rest together, and Country Boy last. At the first hurdle in the straight the order was Whale- bone, Aristides, T.B., Goodwood, and the rest together. Louis struck heavily at the hurdle in front of the stand, and sent O'Brien out of the saddle. Ascendlng the hill Aristides came to grief, and the favourite, who was close on his beefs, tumbled over him. At the top of the rise Whalebone was still carrying on the running with a strong lead. Marron and Goodwood were next together,Distiller, six lengths away, fourth, and Couutry Boy still acting as whipper-in. Along tile back Whalebone in- creased his lead to fully a score lengths. Passing the sod-wal. Goodwood set sail after the leader, and Distiller moved closer up to the other three, the rest being spread over the field. Entering the straight Goodwood had reached Whalebone, and Distiller closed with Marron. T.B. struck at the last hurdle and unseated his rider, but he was no sooner out of the saddle than he was in again. Goodwood then came on, and won by six lengths in a canter. A ding-dong race for second place ended in Marron beating Whalebone by a neck. Then at long intervals came Distiller, Country Boy, and Yellow Hammer last. Time, 3min. 27s. THE SUMMER CUP, Of 200 sovs , added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovs each ; second 40 sovs. One mile and a quarter and a dis- tance Mr. I Foulsham ns bl c Kohai hy Manuka-Idalia, 4yrs, 7st 7lb,carried 7st 8lb (Trahan.. .. 1 Mr C. L. Macdonald's b h The Leite, aged, 7st 9lb (Campbell) .2 Mr. M Jacobs's b h Metal, 5 yrs, 7st (Redfearn).. 3 Mr J. G Reid's ch m Grace Darling, aged, 8st. 13lb (Williams) .0 Mr R. Donovan's b or br c Dunlop, 4 yrs, 8st 11lb (Sanders) ... ... . .. 0 Mr M Jacobs's b h Rufus, 5yrs, 8st 6lb. (O'Brien).......... 0 Mr. G H. Read's ch b Desperado, 6 yrs, 7st 4lb (Bruce). .. .........0 Mr.O. Barnett's br m Lesbia, aged, 7st 2lb. (Smith)...........0 Mr. J. G. Reid's br m Empress, 5 yrs, 7st (Gorry) ..............0 Captain J.Haimes's br c Dufferin, 3 yrs, 6st 13lb.. (Brown)...........0 Mr. R. Hoysted's b m Beeswing, aged, 6st 10lb. (O'Connor) ............0 Mr. T Cofley's b f Honeycomb), 4 yrs, 6st 10lb., carried 6st 11lb (M. O'Brien) ...............0 Mr. L L Smith's b g Dougalston, aged, 6st 9lb. (Blair)...........0 Mr. S. Miller's b m Impulse, aged, 6st 7lb. (St John)...........0 Mr J. Whittingham's g c Achmet, 4 yrs, 6st 4lb. (Fountain) ............... 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's bro Fish o' Silver, 4 yrs, 6st (Tomlin) ............0 Mr. J Powell's b g Western, aged, 6st (Bence) .. 0 Betting -3 to 1 (at first 6 to 1) agst Kohai, 5 to 1 agst The Levite and Western, 10 to 1 each agst Dufferin and Fish o' Silver, 12 to 1 agst Empress, 15 to 1 agst Honeycomb. At the post the positions were Impulse on the rails, Metal next, Honeycomb, Rufus, and Dougal- ston in the centre, and Achmet, Empress, and The Levite on the extreme outside. After one attempt they were despatched to a fairly even start, of which Rufus had a slight advantage, then came Honey- comb and the rest together. Before the stand was reached Dougalston and Kohai were at the head of thee field. Empress was third a length away, after which the order was Dufferin, Fish o' Silver, Bees-- wing, Western, the others in a line, with Dunlop four lengths behind last. Passing out of the straight nearly the whole of the horses ran wide, Achmet and Dunlop losing a dozen lengths. Impress led the procession up the hill, with Fish 0' Silver second two lengths behind followed by Kohai, Dufferin and Western. Metal headed the second division, consisting of Dougalston. Impulse, The Levite, and Dunlop, the latter being still in the rear. On the hill Impress had given place to Dufferin on the outside, and Des- perado had moved into third place, Western was next then The Lévite and the favourite in good positions, with Rufus last At the sod- wall Beeswing left the ruck, and was momentarily in front, having Western and Kohai as immediate attendants, and The Levite going strong; Dufferin and Impress next. As they swung into the home stretch, the favourite in the centre drew out from the others, and The Levite left the second division. Fish o' Silver made a rush, but compounded at the distance. Kohai and The Levite contested every inch, but the son of Manuka lasted longest and won by a short head, then came Metal, three- quarters of a length off, Grace Darling, Honeycomb, Beeswing, Impulse, Dunlop, Achmet, and Rufus last. Time, 2m. 29½s. THE JUVENILE STAKES Of 5 sovs each, with 200 sovs added For two year olds Second, 40 sovs , third, 10 sovs, Five fur- longs. Mr J. H.Hill's b f Perhaps by Gang Foward - Peradventure, 7st 11lb (Fagg) . 1 Mr E Mitchelson's br c Escutcheon, by Musket Rosette (imp ) 8st (Ivimy) .. 2 Mr C. L. Macdonald's br f Hortense, by Gang Forward -Josephine (including 10lb penalty), 9st. 7lb (Campbell) . . . 3 Mr A. Harvey's br f Sumatra, by The Pontiff Malacca (Including 7lb penalty) 9st. 4lb (Power) 0 Mr. L.L. Smith's b g Epicurean, by Darriwell -Alethe (including 5lb penalty) 9st (O'Brien) 0 Mr. K Clissold's ch c Glentworth, by Golds- brough-Hazard, 8st (Trahan). . .0 Captain Haimes's br o Albert Loddon, by Rapidity- Eugenie, 8st (Brown) . . 0 Mr A. F. Bradshaw's b c The Dreamer, by Young Snowden-My Dream, 8st. (Bruce) .. 0 Hr. J. 0. Raid's b or br o Marlborough, by ¿ Robinson Crusoe-Dagmar, 8st (Williams) .. Mr. J; Whittingham/« b f Eclat, by Richmond Sucoess, Tst lllb, (Ramage) .. Mr. S Miller's b or br ( Pingara, by Wellington» Vaudeville, 7st lllb. (Tworaey). Mr. J. A. Lang's b tr Bugler, by The Drummer -HI In le Bonny, 7st 01b. (Turnham) Mr. O. Barnett1» b g Danrin, by Goldsbrough MIlHner, 7at 01b. (Doherty) . Betting.-fi to 2 (at first S to 4) agst li orten se, 5 to S agst Escutcheon, 4 to 1 agst Perhaps, ti to 1 »gat Epicurean, 10 to 1 Rffit Sumatra. The youngsters gara very little tronblo, and when the flair went down Horten« wa* tho moat promi- nent, but almost Immediately trav« place to Rplou roan. Perhaps occupied third place, Dargin next, the others In a cluster. Escutcheon and Pingara about the wont of the field. Passing the sodwall about the same order was maintained to tho turn, «here Perhaps -dr_w cut, and Uorten.o carno fast írom the ruck on the outside. Epicurean and Escutcheon wera together, Pindara aud Glentworth next, and Dargin, Marlborough, and Sumatra, making up tho second division. At the end ot the lawn -.scutcheon and Hortense settled down to reach Perhaps. Hu ma tra also mode a rush, but waa unable to reach the loaders, and In this order they finished. Perhaps winning by a length, and halt a length separating second and third, then came Sumatra, Epicurean, Pingara, Glentworth, Albert Loddon, and The Dreamer lost Timo, Im, 3,9. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, Oí 200 sovs,, added to ft »weopstakes of 6 sovs, each ; second, 40 sovs. Two miles and a half. Mr. W. Y. Bryant's br m Ruby, by Lapfdlst Miuoeple, aged, list 71b. (WiUiams) .. .. 1 Mr. W. A. Menzies' ro g Curiosity, aged, 10,t 81b. (Kin«-).2 Mr. J. M'Grade'a br g Moonlight, aged, lOst 41b. (Allen).8 Mr. S. Martin's b m Lisette, aged, 12st 71b. (Batty) 0 Mr. J. M action aid's b m Letitia, acred, list. Gib, (Floyd)..- .. 0 Mr. J. U Clough's b g Contingent, aged 11 fat &___. (Gardiner) .0 Mr. J. Harbottle's ro g Houlette, 0 yrs, list 21b. (Mr. M'Lean).0 Mr. A. Qray as brg Reticent, Oyrs, list. 21b. (Fer- guson) .0 Mr. H. Tlbball'e b g Songster, aged, list (Morris) 0 Mr. T. Cor rifan'a b g Promotion, 6 yrs, lOst 71b. (Owner).0 Mr. Madden's br g Atlas, 6 yrs, lOst (M'Gowan).. 0 Mr. T. Watson's b g Banker, aged, Oat 71b. (Auder soo) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. U. Connolly ns ch ti* Topsail, aged, 0dt 71b. (iVLood).. .0 Mr. W. S. Cox's (jun.) b g Salesman, aged, Ost 71b. (Owner).0 Betting.-5 to 1 each agst Promotion and Contin- gent, Oto llluby, tí to leaah Curiosity and Llzctte, 12 to 1 Topsail. Curiosity, as usual, was first to lead the field from the start, but was pulle'd back before tbey reached the first obstado. Atlas was first over. Roulette toppled over, and brought Contingent)- down with bim, and the second of the treblo in front of the stand brought Promotion to grief. Leaving the straight the order wa_ Curiosity, Atlas, .Banker, Reticent, ¡Salesman, Ruby, Llzotic, Songster, Moon* light, and Topsail last. Ascending the hill Letitia baulked, and Curiosity carried on the running by t¡0 lengths, Moonlight who had dropped to tho rear, driving them along last At tho baok the order was much tho same, with the exception of Reticent, who was pulled back to the rear division. In Indian file they caine on to tho sod wall, u 1th Atlas going as well 09 anything. The first jump in the straight was safely negotiated by tlio field, and coming to the treble in front of tho stand the order was Curiosity, Songster, Atlas, Banker, Ruby, Topsail, Ltzetto, and Moonlight. The jump opposite the stand brought down ¡salesman, ana although Mr. Cox remounted him ho was uot persevered with. At the first turn Moonlight ran into third place, and Reticent was acting as whipper-in. Ruby, going kindly, moved up to ttiu leaders as they ascended the hill, where h>ougster baulked. At the back and on to tho sod well the ordor was Curiosity, six lengths in front of Moonlight, Ruby, gradually moving up, third. This obstado brought down Kett cent, and the next saw Banker and Topsail in trouble. Curiosity entered the straight with a three lengths' lead ; but tho mare beac him In the run home by nearly ten length., Moonlight was third four lengths away, and tbuso were followed at long interval by A ti us, Lizetto, audlteticout,whohad been remo uu ted, last Time, 5m. 40s. TUE MALVERN HANDICAP, Of 100 sovs. Socond 10 sovs. Soven furlongs. Mr. W. K. Dakin'« br 0 Damocles, by Gang For- ward-Queen ot Naples, 8 yrs, oat 12lb.KTou.lin) 1 Mr. J. - Ucid's ch g Tho Ghost, aged, Bat 01b. (Williams) .. ,. .2 Mr. J. Whittlnghftm's br in Honora, 0 yrs, 7st. 01b. (Ramage) .. ,. «.3 Mr. It Hatty's cb h Umberto, 6 yrs, 7st. lllb. (Traban) .. ,. - .0 Mr. S. Miller's bro Munwyrtina, 8yrs, 7st. 101b. (Twomey) .0 Mr. J. Harper's b g Un cas. 5 yrs, 7st Olb. (Sanders) 0 Mr. T. Rennison'.) cb b Kspiegle, 5 yrs, 7st 71b. (Cluy).0 Mr. T. Coffey's b f Honeyoonib, 4 yrs, 7st lib. . (Brown) .0 Mr. W. Y. Bryant's b o Lord of the Manor. 8 yrs, 7st (O'Connor) _. ,. ..i .0 Mr. M. 8. Mackenzie's b t Mia Mia, R yrs. Oat 121b. (M. O'Brion).0 Mr. R, Hoyetcd's b o New Fashion, 8 yrs, Ost 101b. (J. O'Connor).0 Mon. W. Pearson's b g Glenlivet 4 yrs, Oat 101b. (Rhodes).0 Mr. G. Bradabaw's ch g Cestus, aged, Ost 121b, In eluding Bib. penalty (Gorry) .0 Mr. L FouUhatu IIB br 0 Chicago, 3 yrs, Q.tCtb. (Morrison) .0 Mr. D. Fountain ns bro Rouge-ct-nolr, S y», Ost 21b. (Fountain) .0 Mr. J. Leek's b g Beokwlth, 4 yrs, Ost (M'Grath) 0 Betting.-8 to 1 (ac first) 8 to 1 a^-st Tho Ghost, 5 to 1 Munwyrtina and Damocles, 10 to 1 Rouge-et-NoIr. The colours of Rouge-et-Kolr were moat prominent, when the Mag fell, with Munwyrtina and Glenlivet noxt, together. Before they had gone a dozen lentrths Beckwith and Glenlivet wero in front with The Ghost and Honora in tho order named. Beckwith carried tho field along at a groat pace past the railway, and was half-a-dozcn lengths In advance of Hougo-eWfoIr and Tbo Ghost Kspiegle was last from tho start. As they rounded tho home turn Damocles, on the inside, rushed to the front, and coming Btrong to the distance, looked like an easy winner. The Ghost, however, with a brilliant run, reached his girths as tho post HAS neared, and the next stride brought thom almo-t head and hoad, but the verdict was Hi favour of Damocles, Ilonora was third, OBtua next ; then carno Beckwith, Umberto, and tho rest scattered down to the disiauoe. Time, Ita, 82.. st Summer Cup .. .. .. .. JE2Ü& Mr. «. Y. Bryant Firs&Bteoplecliaso..; __ Mr. J. BL Hill First .Aivenlle Stakes .. .. " Mr. T. Jones First liurale Raao.. .. ., .. ., ISO Mr. J. G. Roîd First ^eUltl*.Race.£100 Second Malvern Handicap .. .. 10 Mr. W. S. Dokln-N _ First Malvern Handicap. Mr. O. U Macdonald Second Summor Cup ., .; _. £40 Third Juvenil. Stakes " _ .. lo Mr. E. Mitchelton Socond Juvenile Stakes ,. H ._ ., Mr. W. A. Menzlcs Seoond Steeplechase . ,, 110 WINCHELSEA RACING CLUB. (Br Oon SPECIAL REPOBTEB. ) The large assemblage of visitors who col- lected on the Winchelsea racecourse yester- day indicated the popularity of the Boxing Day meeting of the local racing club among the residents of the Western district The fulfilment of the promise made to the shire council by Ills Excellency the Governor, that, accompanied by Lady Loch, he would attend the gathering, largely added to the attendance The weather m the morning waa hot and dusty, but towards noon a southerly breeze Bprang up, rendering the remainder of the duy moat agreeable The gathering was ot the moat sociable character, and in that reaped it differed from the business like nature of an everyday race mooting The course, with its undulating surface, and covering of long native grasses, is not the model of a race ground, but it is admirably adapted for the purposes of a mixed meeting such as was held yester- day. Ihe committee had taken great pains to provide for the wants ot their patrons, and, therefore, a most pleasurable day was spent by all who attended the meetm" The pro gramme included both loot and horse races Ihe chief evento! the day was the contest for the Ladies' Bracelet, which was won easily by llarveater, with Marque second. In the Winchelsea llundicap Forlorn waa, after close struggle with 'lempeat, declared winner. The event in which ihe greatest interest was taken was the champion high jumping contest, in which competitors lrom all parts of the colony and from New boutli Wales participated. The prize, after an exciting struggle, fell to II. Davis, ol Casterton, who cleared Sit lOin in splendid style Ihe arrangements at the course were under the control of Mr Victor Elkington, to whose exertions the succeaa of the meeting waa largely due. Iii» Lxcellency the Governor, Lady Loch, and suite arrived by special train at noon. Ihey were met at the station by Mr J. R. Hopkins (president of the Winchelsea Shire Council), and Councillors W. Stirling, G. Wiltshire, J IT Prime, J?. Murell, G Ander- son, and J T C. Heard, and were at once driven to the shire hull, where an address of welcome lrom the council was read by the president His ExcEi,t.Et,OT replied,-Gentlemen,-As one of the earliest Bbires that invited me upon my arrival in this colony to visit their district, it is with much pleasure that I now find myself able to pay this visit, accompanied by Lady Loch, to Winchelsea, In your ex prtssions of loyalty to the throne and to the person ot the Queen I recogniBe the same unanimous love and nttuchment to our beloved bovereign which distinguishes alike all clussea of Ifcr Majesty's subjects in tina colony I thank you sincerely for the kind welcome to Lady Loch und myself that your address conveys The interest that from the nrst I have felt m all that affects the happiness of the people and the welfare of Victoria has grown with each day I have passed in the country During the pitat five years there has been a slight increase in tile value ot ratable property in the shire, winch I trust may beateadily progressive, und that the railway, the construction of which has been Banctioned by Purhament, to Cape Otway rorest may, when com Slcted, prove advantageous to the diatrict ut as tina will open to the market a large area of very valuable timber, I cannot retrain from Baying that in my opinion the question of forest preservation ia only second to that of irrigation in importance to the general and permanent interests of the colony. (Cheers ) I regret that the time I have at my command during this vlBlt is BO limited as to prevent my seeing as much of tins district as I could desire, but I hope there will be some other occasion which will afford me before I leave the colony the opportunity of observing more of this portion ot the country (Cheers.) i he visitors were then entertained at Inncheon in the ehirc hall Mr J It. Hop kins acted aa chairman There were also preaent Lord Deerhurst (aide de-camp) and Mr O Seymour .ort (privat« secretary to Iii» Lxcellencytha Governor), Lieut Balfour, Mr Forrest, M L.A., Mr Levien, M L A-, and a number of the leading residents of the district At th« c1 «e of the luncheon, the loyal toasts having bean honoured 1 lie CUAIKMAN propoaed Hie Health of Ilia Excellency an ' Lady Loch and ex pressed the wiah that they would enjoy their visit to Winchelsea Hia EXCKLLE'TOT in reply said that it gnve Lad} Loch and himaelf the greatest pleaaure to at last pay their long promised visit to the al" ire the invitation given by the council having been one of the firat received by them on their am\al in the colony Unfortunately they would not 1 a able to re main long on that occasion 1 ut they hoped before they returned to Lngland to make a more lengthened stay in the district (Cheers.) Ihrough the hospitality of Mra. Austin they were enabled to remain in the ahire for the night (Cheers ) "1 he kindueBS and Rood works of Mra Austin were closely associated with Winchelsea. (Cheera ) The reaidenta of the district well knewherlabouraon behalf of Buffering humanity and were acquainted with the good work she had done in establishing one of the moat valuable institutions the colony possessed-the Hospital for Incur ablea. (Cheers) 1 acts like those made it especially pleasurable for Lady Loch and himaelt to come nmong the people of the district and to be the guests ot Mra Austin Before he sat down he hail to propose sue cesa to the Shire of M inchelaeu Ihe chairman responded HIB Excellency and Lady Loch were then driven to the racecourse where they re mained for the greater part of the afternoon In the evening they were the guests of Mr Austin, of Barwon pork, whence the party will proceed this morning to Ballarat The following is a list of the different events - HANDICAP nun.t_ IIAOE Of 80 sovs. About tua utiles Second home to receive 0 sovs Mr A O Young's b g Hector, aged, lOst (F Thornton) _ .1 Mr J D Craik s bl g Jersey 6 yrs Ost iib (A. Ilnrrj ) 2 Mr II H Daltons b g Barney, aged, lost (F Thornton) 8 Bett! g - 5 to 1 agst Barney 3 to 1 agst Hector, and 5 to 1 agst Jersey lersoy led to tho last fonce, where ho baulked thus lettll g in Hector Timo 4m 2m MALDEN PLATE OI 25 sovs About one mile Weight for ago. Soooad horse to receive 5 sovs Mr J Horners b g Glldy S yrs, 8at 121b (It Dence) 1 Mr O it Hope s br m Brett- aged Bat 121b (F Thornton) 2 Mr J Stout s br m Iolanthe 6 yrs, 8st 121b. (J -rillUhs) 8 Mr P M Callum a b g Billiards 6 yrs 8st 121b (IV Orchard) 0 Mr a Wilsons bf Idalia, i yrs 8st 01b. (II Majbln) 0 Mr II Ilalloya oh t Charm 8 yr« 7at Ulb (J .Mallow) 0 Betting -2 to I agat GUdy 8 to 1 agit Iolanthe and 4 to 1 agt>t Brotta. A good start «as effected with Brotta showing v. ell in tho front attended by Iolanthe Qlldy and Charm. Brotta led round the back from Iolanthe with the others In a buncb bohind Entering the straight Bretta was at the whip but Glkly panie with a rush ai d won in a oantor Bretta being four lengths away and lolat tho a bad third the remainder of the lot being strung out behlt d Time lm 66a 2 6ths. WINOHELSEA HANDICAP, Of 40 sovs. Nine and a half furlongs, oecond horse to receive 5sovs. Mr P E Hall s ch g Forlorn aged 8s" (J Yate») 1 Mr It H. Daltons, g Teinpoat 4yr» bat 71b (T Burn) 2 Mr VV Brooks a oh g Footman aged 7st 01b (II Brown) 8 Mr J Haines sb h Norfolk 6 yrs 7st 71b. (a Lewis) 0 Mr II .tansmore s b g Capping 6 yrs. Gat 101b (II Holmes) 0 Mr A O Young's br g Beotor, aged Oat 101b (II Ma) bin) 0 Betting -2 to 1 agst Footman 1 to 1 agst Forlorn, and 6 to 1 agst Tempest A fair Btart was effected from which Forlorn went to the front with Tempeat second and Norfolk third the remalndor being closo at their boola, forlorn maintained his lead round the turn and to the baok of the courso ulura he headed Tempest by tinco lengths ¿torfolk then carno up very fast with toot man bing close up At the far turn Footman made lils wa} under the whip alonado tho leader but he could not hold his position A ding dong raoo homo resulted betneo i forlorn and tempest but tho former finally beat off h is opponont a d * on by half a length A protest entered by Mr -alton aealnst I orlorn on the ground that his rider struck Tempest 1th the vhip vas uuauimoualy dismissed Timo, 2m. 80s. 4 6ths HANDICAP TltOTTIN. RACE Of SO Bola. Two miles a d Oler Weights under saddlo 0!>t 6tb ban ess lOst 101. Second homo toroceiv ö sovs Mr M Darcy s br m Jenny Lind aged 100 yds bohind scratch (Mr L Daroj) 1 Mr J Wallncesb (, Dickens aged 25yds behind (A. Hurst) _ 2 Mr A M lloe s b m Bonnlo Hose aged, 25 yards behind (J Orevland) Mr J M Callum a gr g Gala aged scratoh (B Orohard) Mr M M Grath s b m Fan oeed scratch (Owner) Mr A S Boll a bin Ada agod scratch (1) al Kay) 0 Mr O II Upjohn s br m Bess 0 yrs, 0 yd? behind scratch (J Stokes) 0 Mr G -trettlos b ra Queen aged soratoh (W Boyd) 0 Mr * Hlchmond s br g Richmond aged, 25 yda behind scratoh (Owner) 0 Mr T Glttin.r's oh m Gingor aged 50 yda behind scratch (J Mahoney) Q Mr W Fletcher a eh g Copper aged 50 yds bohind scratch (t Clurrie) 0 Mr II A Austin s II A aged 150 yds behind scratoh (W Orohard) 0 Mr J Bussell a b g Batty aged 160 yds behind soratoh (C1 Bath) 0 Mr T Todd a b g Tommy, aged 200 yds bohind soratoh (W J Streeter) _, _ o Mr Jl. Farrar'» br UT Scrubber, aged 800 yds behind scratch (C Farrar) 0 Batting -2 to 1 airst Xom_ly, 4 to 1 agat Diokons and 7 to 1 ag _ Jonny Lind. Bonnlo Koso led to tho river where Jonny Lind went to tho front and was never headed Timo, o_e 21s 1 title DISPOSAL STAKr.3, Of 85 BOVS. About one milo Wolght for age Mr O Wilsons bt Idalia, 4 ire Bat Ulb (F tor roll) Mr G It Hopo a br m Brotta, aged bat 121b (F Thornton) Mr M Willisa b g Mortoun aged Sät 12ib (J Now) Mr M. CoogauB bg Satire, aged 8st 121b (K, Gurrlo) Mr J 1) Craig a b1 g Jersey Oyrs Sst 121b (P Griffiths) Mr h. Turner's ch g Comet agod, 8st 121b (K Turner) Mr J MonohansbrmAriadno 4yrs 8st Dib (W Orohard) Mr B Balley s ch f Charm S,yrs 7at 111b (J « vallow) _. I Idalia euuie In an easy w lnnor -y two lengths Mer* toun being tho same distance away from Brotta. Time lm 60s. 1 5th LADIKS* BRACELET Welter handicap of 20 aova with a bracelet (the gift of Mrs Austin Barwon park). Gentlemen riders and coi lined to those who have not ridden i i any raoo opeu to professionals during the last two years Mra J Haines m oh Harvester 4 yrs, list (Mr M Willis) 1 Mrs. W J Austin ns b h The Marque 6 yra list 121b (Mr Austin) 2 Mrs VV II Cummli g ns ch g The Masher, 0 3 rs lOst 101b (Mr J Bishop) Mm it H Halton ns b g Tempest 4 yrs lOst 101b (Mr N Campbell) Bettii g -Even money on Harvostor 0 to 4 agst Tha Marqua and 6 to 1 agst Ino Maahor and Tem pest I1 rom a good start Harvester led past the stand The Masher lying on lils quarter, with The Marque third that order waa mall talued to tho rlvor, w hero Tho Masher took firat plaoe with The Marque third five ientrths og On rounding the home turn Harvester 1 ad regained his position and though The Marque carno very fabt at the straight he could not reach Harvester wl o won hands down The Masher and Te n. cat being tailed out 100 yarda behind Thno lue Ms a 5ths. BELLIN. HACK RACE Of 16 sovs About one mile. flths) Mertoun won coull) AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB SUMMER MELTING [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (FEOU OUR CORRESPONDENT ) SYDNEY MOXDAT The A. J C meeting at Randwick to day attracted about 20 000 spectators. Ihe weather waa beautifully fine throughout A strong field went to the post for the riying Handicap which resulted m the utter downfall of the favourite, and Raoul finishing well won a pretty race from 1 uu_h a Ballagh Huntingtower waa made a great favourite for the December Stakes but bia rider waa caught napping by the jockey on Abercorn and Mr Coopers colt aultered nn undeserved deteat lhere were a few in the Hurdle Race who evidently merci) went out lor an airing and after the emull hearted Bontm in ran off tho course there waa nothing in it but Unique who won easily In the Summer Cup the pnncipd event of the day alter So relia had made the pace Dagobert came and won eauily at the en I J he favourite 1 erfume won the Nursery Handicap with little elTort but a peculiar circumstance hap pened in tile race boon after the (lag tell, a Bille limlkerchief containing ubout 201b of lead which hid been tied round Hulea a waist Bhppe 1 off 1 lie crack jockej how ever cuuc,tit the bundle m his ne,lit hand aa it fell and cleverly cirried it home. All tbe other racea were wejl conteated Ihe foi lowing are the details - Tilt FLriNO UANDlOAP Of 200 sovs. with a aweopatako of 8 BOIS each to the aecond horse Mx furlongs lion H C Daneart b o Itaoul by Tho Pontiff -Gl|sy S yrs 0« 71b (0 Keelo) Mr Johu-ykosbg luufch » Bollogh 6 yra Oat 01b (JL Skehan) Mr N T Paytens b g Bpollt Child (late Nebo) 0 vf». 7«t 51b (Fielder) Mr W Kelso s br g Paladin, S yrs, Sit 101b (Kelso) Mr W J Forrester's b h Soldier Boy, «god, 7at 111b (Stoeper) Mr W Forrester's b o Halcyon, S yrs, 7BU 01b, (J Gough) Mr W K Boyds oh g Frolic, 4 yrs, 7st Bib (Gallagher) Mr J Monaghan ns b ( Astra» 4 yrs, 7st 71b. (English) Mr Geo Osborne s b ( Queens Own, 4 yrs, Tfi. 71b (Nerrlker) air J Harper's (Jure) ob o Albanus, 4 yrs, 7st 71b (Smith) Mr J Cannon s cb g Speculation, S yrs, 7st 71b (Ellis) Ur T Lamond na ch li Orator, S yrs, 7st Elb (Spider) Uessrs W i Messrs W and J Lee s oh ( Merry Duchess 4 yrt, 7»t (Flanagan) _ .> Mr & W Knights b or br o Bertram, » yrs Ost 1Mb (Huxloy) lion John Kales s oho Emerald, S yrs Ost 111b (C. Goueh) Mr J H Keat s br g Howlong, aged, Ost 91b (U Canon) Mr U Klnsela s b g Euroclrdon, aged, Ost 01b (J Skehan) Hon W A. Longs b o Lord Cocbrano(lmp.), 4 yrs, Ost 71b (J Gough) -. Mr L. Waterworth s oh o Fhaon, 4 yrs, Ost 71b. (Simmons) H Mr T Ivorys b g Home Bule, S j re, Oat 41b. (-eeley) Mr T bampson s br g Jeremy Dlddler, S yrs, Ost 41b (Argall) Mr IL Patesoiiabrg Mistral, 5 yrs, Ost (Camp bell) Betting -4 to 1 »erst Soldier Boy, 0 to 1 agst Fauch a-Ballagh 8 to 1 eaoh agst ABtrna and Albanus loto 20 to 1 ac.st any others. 1-augh a-batlagh caught Speculation rounding the bend and at the dlstanoe appeared to have his Sed ii trouble But when less than a hundred yards from home Raoul on tho left and Spoilt Child In tho contle began to close upon him andBaoul bnisl big Uko a racehorse won all out) by a Bhort half leí gth (rom Faugh a Ballagh 8) ollt child who was coming very faBt three quarters of a length away and then on very fair t tra- came Soldier Boy Mistral Emerald and Bertram wlillo the last threo wore Jeremy Dlddler, Queens Own and Homo Bulo Time, 1m 16s. THE DECEMBEB. STAKES Of 20 sois, eaoh with 600 sovs. added For two year olds Second 100sois. Hie 1 lrloncs. Hon J Whites oh o Aborcorn by Chester-dn i union Set 101b (Bales) Mr Ü Coopors br o Hu itlngtowcr by Darebin Atholine (¿rap ) hat. 101b (Kelso) Hon W A Long's br o Moorhouse by Moorthorp (Imp v-Qeratdlne 8st 1Mb (Colley) Hoi John Kales s ch 1 Tho Charmer by Uench man-Witch 8st Mb (Oliver) Mr D, Cooper's br I Oceana by St Albans (imp ) -Idalia Sst 61b. (Spider) Mr T Ivorys o \euimn by Julian Avenal Vanity (imp) Sst 101b (Simmons) Mr W It. Cortis s b f Corinna by Henchman Audacity Sst 61b (Jas. Gouch) Mr G B Howleys br o Southerly Bustor, ly Roblmon Crusoe-Zopbyr (Imp)., Sst 10)b (Gallagher) Betting 6 to 4 on Huntingtower 4 to 1 against Abercorn 8 to 1 against Yetman 10 to 1 any otbers To a very good start Huntingtower, Corinna, and Oceana got away Bist and Huntingtower mokbg the running led Into tho straight and on to the half distance with the race apparently In hand but Hales un Aborcorn stealing a roaroh, caught Kelso half aslsop and won cleiery at tho end bv three quarters of a length Moorhouse three lengths off was third »Ith the Chantier at his girths and after them esme Yetman Corinna, Oceana and Southerly Buster Time Ira SJs TnE BUBDLE BACE, Of 8 so va. eaoh, with 160 added, second, 26 sovs Two milos Mr Cameron ns br g Unique, aged Ost 61b (J! alono) Mr J Phillips nt br g Deception, aged, Dst (0. Phillips). frail Lau lugblln s cb g Gobollon 0 yrs Ost Sib. (Bolllngberry) Mr John Coxs br m Soolcty, 6 yrs, lOst 01b (Mtlure) Mr Jos \ coman s ch m Carissltna. aged lOst 71b (Price) Mr 0 T Roberta's b g Blfleman, aged, lost Sib (Yendvlcks) Mr J M Intyre s b g Whltefoot 6 yrs Oat 71b (Began) Mr e. Terry a br g John Brown, 0 yrs, Ost 31b. (Kemp) Mr E. Key's bl g Tho Crow 6 yrs 9st- (Butler) br Taylor's b g Boatman S yrs Ost (lloarty ) John Brown led over the first (onco attended by Boatman and Gobollon and then Uoatuan taking up tho running forced tho paco until about half a mile from home when bo bogan to tire and running of! Whitefoot was left In comu and with Unique hard upon him Tho tvo leaders then left their horses nnd sailed at the last Jump on even turu s but Whltefoot stumbling after 1 indb g oame to erlef and Unique won oasilv I y tun or a doren leni,tbsfrora B ceptlon who beat Gobollon by a-bort length for seoond placo then followed John Brown and Socfctv, with Blfleman and Tho Crow last Timo Stn 66s THE SELLING PÏATF 0(160 80V s. Weight for at,o The winner to bo sold (or £100 One mile. Mr John Dykes g g Murrurrundi by Lecturer Azaloum nil 6yrs Ost lSIb (M Skehan) 1 Bon W A Long abo Lord Cochrane (imp ) £26, 4 yrs 7st (Campbell) 2 Mr J Cook s b g Rainbow, nil aged Ost 131b (a Gough) 8 Mr John Leo Jua s br h Slgnor, nil 6 yrs 7st 21b (F Smith) 0 Mr \\\ Coopcreolih GoldOnder, nil, 5yrs 7st 21b f (Spldor) _ 0 Mr li M Lcnnan s br h Purfleet nil aged 7st 21b (Fielder) 0 Mosers. Matthews and Sons br h Goldlako, nil, 6 yrs 7st 21b (John Gough) 0 Mr W buggan us cb o Punco Regent nil, 4 yrs, 7st(Dunkey) 0 Mr 0 M Laughlin s br g Chloftain, nil, 0 y ra Ost lSlb. (Argali) 0 Mr T Ivory s b g Homo Rule, nil, 8 yrs, Est 181b (Seeley) 0 Betting -2 to 1 agst Slgnor, 3 to 1 agst Goldflnder, 0 to 10 to 1 any othor Buiubow attended Murrurrundi and led to the homo turn whore the grey drew away, and won by half a length from Lord Cochrane who finished wolf Timo, lue 4SJs. THE SOMMEtt CUP, Of 20 sovs each with 600 sovs added second 100 sovs and third 50 sovs. One mile and a half Mr W J Forresters br h Dagobert by Lxoelslor -Dagmar 6 yrs 7st ¿lb (Steeper) 1 Hon John Kales s br (, Myall King 4 yrs Oat 41b (C. Gough) 2 Mr W lorroiter's bro Kilaiva, 4 yrs "st 01b (John Qou},b) 8 Mr W Strickland s b b Bon Bolt, 6jrs, Sst 101b (Bancroft) 0 Mr L Kagar*a b or br ( Industry, 4 yrs 8 t 81b (Kelso) 0 Mr O Brackonreg's b or brh Tom Broun, 0 yrs, Sst. 31b. (Colley) 0 Mr T Ivory s b g Lanocr, 0 y rs, 7st 101b (Sim mons) 0 Mr W Forresters b h Silver King, 5 yrs 7st 81b (Jas. Gough) . 0 Hon J White s b o Hexham, 4 yrs, 7at 61b (Hales) 0 Mr W Gannon s br h Pilot 6 yrs, 7st Oib (Eng llsh) 0 Mr John T eo s (Jun ) br o Tho Folon, 4yrs 7st 41b (F Smith) 0 Mr B Klnselas oh li King's Own E yrs, "st 41b (J Daley) 0 Mr John Mayos oh m Highland Mary, 6 yrs, 7st (M Grath) 0 Mr W Kelsosbg «illeroo aged 7st (11 Cation) 0 Mr Geo Fagan s b or brt Sorella 4 yrs, Ost 81b (Fielder) 0 Mr F_ Key«'» b h Lord o! the Lake, aged, Sst Sib (J Skehan) 0 Mr G U Howley abo Rifleshot 4 yrs, Ost 21b (Boylo) 0 Messrs W and J Leo s oh Í Merry Duchess 4 y ra, Ost 21b (Flanagan) 0 Betting -4 to 1 agst Hexham 0 to 1 agst Kitawa and Highland Mary 7 to 1 agst Sorella Pilot and Industry 10 to 1 agst Dagobert 16 to 60 to 1 any other Lord of Lake, Myall King and Sorella jumped of! in front but when tiley had -.one half a furlong Sorella pulling hard shot to tho front attended by Pilot borolla In the centre led past thu stand half a length In front of Ton Brown and Industry tho latter against the raits. Alter thoso came Merry Duchess I Hot Hexham Highland Mary and Willeroo with Ben Bolt last. Fielder then suc- ceeded in getting a pull on Sorella when Industry and Tom Brown led past Cutts s with Sorella half a longth away ihe three leaders olosed up at the seven furlongs post and ran on even tenus along the far slue of the course Sorella show ing slightly In front Sorolla then settled dowi a d at the dip had established a lead of a clear length from Tom Brown and industry aftor whom cane Dagobort hltawa and My all bing all of whom were boing strongly borella strucglod ii to the straight with the lead and Tom Brow i and Ii dustry retlrii g Dagohert and Kttawa doshe 1 to ards the front while Bon Bolt waB In a good position on the outside As tholr heads woro turned for ho io borella appeared to have a littlo the best of Dagobert but sha suddonly collapsed and Dagobort shootlngto the trot t buforo reaching tho distance bee.ai to draw away while Highland Mary Mtawa Myall King and linn Bolt all el ero in a cluster for a fe v strides Da&.ol crt Anally drow away aid won easily hy three lengths from Myall King who caine homo at a irrcat pace and boat Hitawa by nearly a length for scoon 1 place Sorella was scarcely a nick away fourth aid then carno HIghlaidMary To u Brown, Hexham silver Kb g Industry and Kb g s Own while Merry Duchess was last to pass the post lime 2m 39s TUE NUBSlillï HANDICAP, Of 200 sovs , v, ith a ew ecpstakes of E sovs each to the second For two yrs old tile furious. Mr M Fennclly s br ( Perfume by Kew minster Primrose 7st Olh (Hales) 1 Hon W A. Lone, s b o txbank 8st (Colloy ) 2 Mr a T Roberts s b I Orango Blossom 7at 41b. (It Auliffe) 8 Mr J Abraham s bl o Stamford Sst 21b (Galla- gher) O Hon II O Dangars b o Locksley Sst (Kobo) O Mr S W Knights bl o True Briton 7et. 111b (hills) 0 Mr W Cooper's bo Abydos 7st 111b (Spider) 0 Mr A Halluboun. a b t bt toll in Time, 7st Dib (Smith) 0 Mr W Duggans br o Bolingbroke, 7at 71b. (Nerriker) 0 Mr I harnell!» a b o M Gregor, 7st 71 b (W11 Han s) 0 Mr II Klnselas br g Boxley, 7st 21b (J skehan.) 0 Lord Carrington a b t Esperance 7st (Rennie) 0 Mr a T Roberts s ch f ¿¡uenoo Ost 71b (Argali) 0 Betting - Lvena on Perfume 4 to 1 ac,st Stamford 6 to 1 agst Bolingbroke Lxbaak, and Orange Blossom 0 to 1 agst Lsperance blamford led until inside tho distance when ho began to die away and Perfume apj earing.at the /rout drew out al d won pretty easily by threo quarters of a length leaving Kubank to boat Orango blossom by hal( a length for second place Time lue Sa, TUE AJO 11AND10V.F, Of 6 sovs each wttb 200 BOVS. added, second 50 sovs Ore mile uud a quarter Mr J D Cameron abo The Wrock by Robinson Crusoe-Caross S yrs Oit 2lb (John Gough) 1 Mr John Mayos b h Ravensworth 0 yrs 8st (Phoenix) 2 Hon Join Eales s ch o Emerald 3 yrs Ost 41b (C Qoiibb) 8 Mr J R builth a b h Gozo (Imp ) 6 yrs Sst 101b (bimmonds) 0 Mr J>orthernsbo Keith 4 yrs 8st 21b (Kngllsb) 0 Mr VV J Forrester's oh m Folly 6 y rs 7at l°lb (Stcopcr) 0 lion IV A Longs b o \eltow Jacket, 8 yrs, 7it 101b (Hales) 0 Mr 14 Darnos s cb li Aga, 6 yrs 7st 71b (M Auliffe) 0 Mr W If Hillas s b t. Balmoral a¡,ed 7st 71b (Gallagher) 0 Mr D Coopers b h Petor 6yrs 7st 41b 'Spider) 0 Mr D Lawson s br h Jjirst Demon, Oyrs 7st 21b (Nerriker) O Mr E Keyes b m Mall of the Lake aged Ost 01b (O Keele) 0 Hr. 8. W. Knlght/B b or br o Bertram, 8 yrs, oat 41b. (Huxley).- ° Mr. John Tate na br h Basil, 4 yra. Oat (Flolder).. O Mr. T. Sampson's br g Jeremy Dlddler, 6 yra, Ost T(Argall). . ?. .-.j ? rîflettlng.-2 to 1 agst Yellow Jaoket 4 to 1 agst Firaf Demon, O to 1 each agat Folly and Tho Wreok, 7 to 1 agst Ravensworth, 8 to 20 to I agit any other. Am» loroed the pared until entering tho straight, when The Wreok, on the outside, out him down, and, drawing away, won all out from Ravensworth by half a length. _ COUNTRY MEETINGS. The following are the result* of the country, meetings held yesterday, as for- warded by our correspondents : WARRNAMBOOL RACING CLUR WARRNAMBOOL, MONDÂT. Maiden Plate, of 20 aovs., ono mile.-King of th« West, Oat (Kllby), 1¡ Lady FlowerBeld, Sat 01b. (II. Connelly), 2; Lord Ashton, Sat. Ulb. (W. M'Grath),8. Kinarly, Bat 01b., also ran. Won in a oanter. Time, lm. 60s. Hurdle Race, of 115 sovs., about ona mile .na a halt.-Break o' ¡Jay, lost (Hickey). 1 ¡ Helmet fat 7st (Grace), 2 ; Tattlo, lOst (A. Williams), 8 ; Caroline (Ort. 71b.), Crépuscule (Ost), Finnigan (Oat), also ran. Won by a good length. Time, Sui. Boxiuir Hay Handicap, ol 60 sovs.. one mile and a quarter.-King of the West, Sit. (Kllby). 1 ; Specula- tion, Sst (Wilkinson), 2 ; Corinna, 8at 7Íb. (Connelly), S. Little Lady (7st 121b.) also ran. Won easily. Timo. 2m. 16a. Junior et-kos, of 25 sovs., half a mile.- Lottlo, 7at 181b. (M'Grath), 1 j Dlsuoveror, Sat 4lb. (Kllby), S; Jenny Lind, 7st 131b. (Wilkinson), 8. Won by 10 length*. Time, 6Useo. Steeplechase, of 40 sovs., twice round.-Boyal Oak, Ost. 71b. (lions). 1; Ranger, lOst 21b., 2 ; Nautilus, »at 71b. (W. Williams), 8. Hanger led nearly all the way; but was pa«.ed by Rojal Oak Just before tho lost fence waa readied. Time, 6m. 11s. Selling Race, of 20 sovs.; half a mile.-Ciroe, 8;t 101b. (Grace). 1 ¡ Miss Purnim (Wilkinson), 2 ; Fire Maid (U'Groth), 3. Won cleverly on the poat Time, 63)3. Pony Raoo, of 16 sovs.-Towannie, 1 i Mayflower, .; Minnehaha, 8. CASTERTON RACING CLUB. CASTERTON, MONDAI. Hurdle Race.-Primate, 1; Nancy, 2; Hamlet'« Ploy, 8. Pony Race.-Midget, 1; Rip, 2; Beda, 8. Seven ran. Won cosily. Maiden Plate.-Mara, 1. Five ran. Selling" Race.-Federation, 1; Lady Francis, 2; Plantar, 8. Four ran. Boxing Day Handicap.-Echo, 1; Mora, 2; Bal- larat, 8. Won by a neck; Bama between second and third. Midnight also ran. Handicap Trot-Skipper, 1; Boomerang, 2; Beppo, 8. Ten ran. Farmers' Haoe.-Perch, 1 ; leish Queen, 2 ; Folks, 8. Consolation Handicap.-Rocket, 1 ; Midnight 2. PLEASANT CREEK RACING CLUB. STAWELL, MONDÂT. Maiden Plate.-Longerenong, 1; Variante, 2; Littlo Doubtful, 3. Lady Anulo and 01) nwyllu also rau. Wou on tho post bv hall a head. Steward»' Cup.-Avon, 1 ; Little Doubtful, 2. l'lcasant Creek Handicap, one milo and a quarter. King Billy, oat Sib., 1 ; Vagrant SitUlb., 2; Lady Wilson, Bat lib,, a. VVon by a length anda half. Time, 2m. 17s, Handicap Hurdlo Race, ono milo and a half, Rover, 10s_ 21b., 1 ; Joe}, lOat, 2. Joey ran oil at tho second hurdle, and Hover carno in alone. Tho ownor of Joey entered a protest on tho ground that ho was jostled off the hurdle, but the Btewarda did not interfere. Hying Handicap, six furlongs.-Lady Wilson, Sst Olb., 1; Vagrant bat 121b., 2: Avon, bat 71b., 8. Three otbora rau. Won by a length. Timo, Im. 20s. Poned Handicap,-Avon, 1 ; Variante, 2 ; Joey, 8. Five others ran. Won easily. SANDFORD MEETING. CASTERTON, MONDAY. Malden Plato.-Wairuna, 1; Bangle, 2. Six Sandford Handicap_Flirt 1¡ Toolago, 2. Won easily. Two started. Wannon Stakes.-Robin Hood It, 1; Cairad, 2. Eight ran. Won by a length. Hack Ruco,-Blaney, 1; Bangle, 2. Four ran. Won easily. Final Flutter.-Blaney, 1 ; Robin Hood li., 2. Five ran. A proteat waa lodged ae'ainit Bl-uev for ruuulug at an unregistered ineetiug. WODONGA ANNUAL MEETING. WODONGA, MONDAY. Maiden Plate-Albert, 1 ; Fair Queen, 2 ; Chase away, 8. Won by a length. Wodonga Handicap, of 60 SOVB., one milo and a half.-Bonnie Chester. Oat 101b., 1 ; Kildare, 8st 21b., 2 ; Coup d'litat, Sat 21b., 3. Won by three lengths ¡ a short head between aecond and third. Farmers' Puree.-Sugar, 1 ; Bonny Alice, 2. Handicap Hurdle Haoe.- Ouudhauu, list, 1 ; Donor, lOac 71b., _ Ladles' Braoelot Handicap.-Black Diamond, 8st Olb., 1; Fixglg, 7st 71b., 2. COLAC TURF CLUB. COLAC, MONDÂT. Maiden Plate.-Blue Ribbon, 1 ; Gazette, 2 ; Once More, 3. Handicap Trot-Whalebone, 1 ; Happy Thought, 2 ; Baron. 3. Christmas Gift-Gotha, 1 ; Lady Bird, 2; I.O.U., 8. Soiling Race.-One Pop, 1 ; Gazotte, 2 ; Vesta, 8. Hurdle Haoe.-BIuo Peter, 1 ; Varnish, 2 ; Misa Day, 3. Pony Boee.-Floss, 1 ; Dixie, 2 ¡ E.C., S. Half-mile Race.-Bluelight, 1; Lady Bird, 2; I.O.U., 8. _ BUNGAREE JUNCTION MEETING. GORDONS, MONDAY. Trial Stakes.-Brownlock, 1 ; Exile, 2 ; Clarinda, 8. Hine ran. Hurdle Race-Lady Brown, 1 ; Exile, 0. Selling Flat Race.-Adeline, 1 ; Ihe Diver, 2 ; The Dawn, 8. Four ran. llumraree Junotlon Handicap.-Kxllo, 1 ; Clarinda, 2 ; Mlapall, 8. _ SOUTH GIPPSLAND RACING CLUB. BULNBULN, MONDAY. Maiden Plato.-Young Sam, 1 ; Norma, 2 *, Happy Jack, 3. FIfleen ran. Hurdle Raoo.-Achilles, 1 ; Sea King, 2. Club Handicap.-Young Sam, 1 ; Brown Rose, 2 ; Starlhrht, 3. Warragul Plate.-Selina, 1 ; Caractaous, 2 : Norma, 8. Selling Raco.-Mystery. 1 ; Black Jock, 2. DIGBY RACING CLUB. MERINO, MONDAY. Maiden Plate.-Delhi, 1 ; Ventnrer, 2 ; Clon n, 3. Eight ran. Digby Uandioap.-Little Footsteps, 1 ; Quadroon, 2 ; Victor, 3. Throe ran. Hurdle lloco.-Chlcltaiu, 1 ; Shamrock, 2 ; Quad- roon, 8. Five ran. Selling Race.-Prior, 1 ; Sally Brass, 2 ; Larrikin, 3\. SWran. District Plato.-Little Foo_teps,,l ; St George, 2. I Five ran. MORWELL RACING CLUB MORWELL MONDAY Maldon Plato -Truo Love, 1 King, 2, Peter, 8. Ton ran Farmers Trot-Flossie, 1, Prlnoo 2, Gipsy, S Five ran Morwoll Handicap -Beeswing, 1 Snip, 2 Amuse meut 8. Nine ran Allcomers' Trot-Darby Kelly, 1 Jessie, 2, Trident 8. elvo ran llaok Race-Brown, 1, King 2. Eleven ran li irry Skurry Kaoe -Josephine 1 btccplechaso -Shamrock 1 Beeswing 2. 1 ony Race.-Flying Jaok 1 Consolation Stakes -Woodman 1 Snip 2. MEREDI1H MORRISON S, AND ELAINE UNITED RACING CLUB MLREDI1H, MONDAY Malden Plate of 10 sovs , one mile -Lubra, 1, Chlieli 2 Lurline S Five others started Handicap Trot of 6 sovs. three miles -Midnight 100 yds behind scratch 1, Pepper 60 yds behind 2 Orphan, 160 yds behind 3. five others faced the starter Meredith Morrison s and Blaine Handicap of 20 aova two miles - Ava Ost, 1, Moscow 7st 121b, 2, Conductor Sst 41b 8. Selling Flat Bace of 10 sots., one milo-Halls Ava Ost 111b 1 Lurline Sst Sib, 2 Moscow, lost °lb S Four others started Handicap Hurdlo Raoo of 12 soia, about two miles and a half -Conduotor lOst 7lb, 1, B&ttaller;, 0 Selling Hack Race of 0 sovs.-Adversity 1 BUNGAREE JUNCTION RACES BALLARA!, MONDAY Hurdle Baoe -Lady Brown, 1, Exile, 2. Two ran Junction Handicap-Clarinda, 1, Exile, 2 Mis- pah 3 _ INTERCOLONIAL RACING DENILIQUIN AMATEUR TURF CLUB DENILIQUIN, MONDAY The following were the results of these racea which were held to day - Flying Handicap-Sparkle 8st 121b 1 Bird catcher Sst 81b 2 Malmsbury, Sst 810, 8. Fifteen ran Won by a length Hurdlo Raco-Straggler, lOst 71b 1, Karuma, Ost 2, Eros lOst 71b 8 Six ran Won by bait a head Distance Handicap Trot-Daphne, 76 yds bol bind 1 lair) 100 yds behind 2 Billy Barlow scratch 3 1 lite ii started lloxii g Day Handicap -Sparkle Sst 121b 1 Malmsbury Sst lb, 2, Kros bst 41b Eight ran Won hi a head - Hack Baoe.-The Ja lo ti Belinda 12 Final clutter-Waimakarirl 1 Blue Bell, 2, Abuso 8 Hurry Skurry -Murgha, 1 Flirt 2 Sharon 8 THE AUCKLAND CUP (Bl TBLEOIUIU THOM OUR CoimrspoiDLNr ) AUCKLAND, MONDAY The principal handicap of the three days' meeting of the Auckland Racing Club was run to day, with the following result - AUCKLAND OUT Of 1000 sols. Two miles and a quarter Nelson, bv King Cole-My Idea Ost 81b 1 Waltari 7st 01b 2 Clogs Ost 121b 3 Time, 4m. SJs WILLIAMblOWN SPOR1S On Boxing Hay an elaborate programme of sports was earned out on the ground of the Williamstown 1 ootball Club for the benefit of that club, and the affair waa completely successful lhere was a very c,ood attend ance considering the numerous counter attractions about 2 000 persons having paid for admission. For the amusement of these no effort had been left untried. In the first place there waa the excellent music of the \\\ illinrastown Marine Bund, under the lenderahip of Mr Graham, and there were various other attractions noch as clever trapeze performances, "Blondín" in tight rope feats, swings, merry go rounds, _c. The following are the winning numbera of the principal prints, which were drawn on the ground at . p m. -First prize, Na 1,768 | second prize, Na l,7flß, third prize, No 1,054. Ihe various athletic event» were fairly well contested, and resulted aa follow - Haoe for Boya under 16 years -S Simpson, 1, S. Gora, 2 a Odeer 3. Maiden Race 100 yards.-W Sinclair 1 J Warren, .s _ Hall, 8. binolalr »on easily There were six atartors. Williamstown Football Handicap 200 yards -W Sinclair, 1 O Laming 2 J Pibott 8 There were four starlets and the raco was closely conteated Open Handicap 160 yardi -A. Mooro, 1, C. Lamil g 2 J Boyd 8 lhere were eight starters, an 1 a dead heat for drat place occurred , which being run off Moore waa the winner One Milo Flat R_e_-V Chandler 1, F Borham, 2 T H Gore & There wero eurht competitors, and Chandler won easily Running with football 100 yds -0 Laming, 1 (time ISaeo ) K. Pierce, 2 J Smith, 8 Handicap Flat Race, 200 yds -A Moore 1, F Chandler 2, A. Sellick, S, These wera tho only com petltors. DAYLFSFORD Fill! NPLY SOCIETIES' SP0R.S (Br TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT ) DAYLESFORD, MONDAY The following were the results of the sports held here to-day - Friendly Societies' Handicap-D Burns, 1, 0 Bleacklej,2, J Laity, 8 friendly Societies Race-D Burns, 1, B. Bum ble 2 , S Sutton, S Hurdle Hacc-J M'Donald, 1, J Bolton, 2, G Strack, S. Obstacle Race.-R, Tognazzln!, 1, D Burns, 2 , B. Rumble, 3 Throwing Cricket Boll - F House, 101 yds. 1ft 4in , 1 BACCHUS MARSH A'IHLETIC SP0RT& BACCHUS MARSH, MONDAY. The following: were the results of these Bporta held to-day : Maddingley Park Handicap, ot 10 BOVI.- Alfred Smith. Rockbank, 1; J. It Dawson, Bacchus Marsh, 2 ; J. O'connell, Baeohus Marsh, 8. Hurdle. Race.-J. Maloney, Bacchus Marsh, 1 ; A. Robertson, Melbourne, 2. District Race, of S sovs.-Alfred Smith, 1; 1'. Gorman. Bullengarook, 2. Irish Jig.-C. J. Wright 1. Highland Fling.-S. S. Grant L Hornpipe-R. Harrison, L Sword Dance.-W. Grant 1. Reel of Tulloch.-W. Grant, 1. Best-dressed Danoer.-Kirkwood, 1. Pipe Music.-K. Morrison, 1 and 2. Ladies' Bracelet Boco.-Alfred Smith, 1. BEECHWORTH FIRE BRIGADE " SPORTS. BEECHWORTH, MONDAY. The Fire Brigade sports, held here to-day, resulted us follows : Eight-men Competition.-Beechworth, 1 and 2. Four.men Competition.-Beechworth, 1; Albury, WINCHELSEA SPORTS. Maiden Plato, 120 yds.-First Heat-R. 0. Thomas, 1 ; It P. Calvert, 2. Second Heat-T. Butterby, 1 ; A. M'Corkindale, 2. Final Heat- K. P. Calvert, 3 sovs.; A. M'Corkindale, 2 sovs. Park Handicap, 160 yds.-First Heat-B. P. Cal- vert, 1 ; T. Suttorby, 2. Second Heat- H. Davis, 1 ; and It C Thomas, 2. Final Heat-U. Davis, 7 sovs.; It. P. Calvert, 3 sovs. Footballers' Handicap-B. 0. Thomas, 6 sovs.; M. Hayes, 2 sovs. Bovs' Race, 200 yds.--Phillips, 1 «v.; Stevenson, 10s.; Halleilan, 3 books. Bunning- High Jump for Championship of* tho Colony-H. Hill, 5ft loin. Amateur Bioy do Baoe.-H. Broad, BO yds bebind soratoh, 6 sovs.; A. Halkyard, scratch; 2 sovs. 