CAPITAL "WINE. " 3APITAL wine, John," I said holding the glass between the lamp and my eyes, and admiring the rich, ruby tint. "Capital isn't it ?" replied John, cuddling hias glassin the palm of his hand in order to warm, the winei and` fully bring out its bouquet and flavour. We had just finished the sort of dinner 1 `consider perfection for two persons. A drop of clear soup, a sele, and a brace of woodcocks. This is, to my mind, as nice a dinner as can be devised, and one which, having eaten, you have no occasion to reproach your self with high <feeding or gluttony. Others may devour huge cuts. from surloin, leg, or saddle, but I am, always contended"with a humble menu like the above. "Thirty-four, of course," I said, after tasting the port again. John nodded, and continued nursing his glass. " Where did you buy :it, John.?" I enquired. "Didn't buy it,'? replied John. "You can't buy such wine as that now." "A gift from a grateful client, I pre sume," I said, ie-filling my glass. "Not a bit of it,, clients ain't so generods. now-a.days. 'If we can get our costs we are content." "Well, how did you get it?". "Stole it," replied: Jhn shortly. " What do you mean ?" " I mean I stole that 'wine as much as ever a thiefstole a watch. I planned, plotted, and at last succeeded in effect ing the theft. You would have done the same, would you not?" " I don't know. It depends upon the risk of conviction iand imprisonment.: But tell me all about it." John placed& all the bottles fairly -be tweenwus, and began':- . "You knew, my old uncle,' William Slagg--at any rate you have heard of him. Well, he made a good bit of money drysalting, and, what is more, made it when, he was a youngish :mgn. He must liave'been well brought up, or mixed 'With"the right sort of people, for he developed a wonderful taste for wine, and, instead of doing what lots. of people do now,nmore shame to 'them-send out to their groiers for half-a-dozen as they want it-used to buy a pipe or a' butt at a time and lay it down. . He reaped the reward of his sensible conduct, for when. he retired from irysalting he fouid him self .with a cellar not only amply stocked, but without a drop of bad wine in it. So he settled down to live comfortably on his investments, and to drink his wide in peace.. ' " Poor old boy I It was beautiful to see himn and amusing to hear him with the decanter in front of him.'" He knew the history-:of each wine :he'gave you, and nearly all had a tender remiuiscence for him. He would sip. a drop of sherry, and look across at me, and say : I call this more .than wine, John. : It is a poem; something to enjoy ;and think over.' Then" he" would ' ti-i' to "the port. 'I bought that pipe, John, whenh I made a wonderful hit in tallow.; or ' That claret, John, I laid down when logwood went up to such a price,' and so on. 'The old man was by no means a wine-bibber,, but he. would take his four or five glasses ,,after dinner, and enjoy them. He suffered a little from gout before he died, but not more than many elderly gentlemen? with' rubicund faces. He lived a good many years enjoying the fruit of his labours and the juice in his cellars,, and at -last slipped " away quietlyland peacefully. " His last words were -to me: "Give them the '47 and the green seal sherry at the funeral, John. 'There's more body, more solemnity in those wines than some of the others." "And theri'old William Slagg' went off, and I have no doubt is now the best judge of nectar in the upper regions.? " Hleleft?ine his executor, aiid I amn happy to say, the reversiin; of a "consi derable sum\ihenu his widow' diciu. ' "But?it was nOtvwitlout a f'eeling of disappointment I found all;the contents of his ,hduse, including the cellar of wines were hers absblu'tely "It seemed abstlrd for a splendid 'lot of wines like that to belong to a woman who would be utteily unable to appre ciate them, and whose ideas of wine were bounde'd, alter the manier of woman kind, by sweet cham1,agne on one side and family port on the other. I had never'- expected to be left so much mnoney, but had always cherished the lhope that'U lcle Slagg, wh'o had greatly. approved of the way in which`il had dis. cussed his liquor, would have left me those wines. " However, Ithought very likely, the viddo' `would prefer a good sum of 'money to the full bhis, so [. intended to, *offerto' buy them after a decent interval.? "My. ~Aunt , Slagg- has very: different ideas to those of.her late and lamented:d husband. I remember her, however, as a sensible woman, and' having a good eye to the main chance. She had been a capital" wife to William Slagg, but about a twelvemonth before his death, she had attended some revival meetings a love.feast, or something of that sort and' been converted. I can't tell, of course, but I feel sure that nothing can be more annoying to an ordinary.. man than to Ind the wife of his bosom-who has jogged along with him very com fortably in a give-and-take style for many years-suddenly turn round and lecture him upon his amiable little weaknesses. " I am convinced the shock of her con version hastened` poor old William's death. He had been so accustomed to look= upon drinking 'good wine as the duty of an Christian, that; when his wife made a new departure, and became a rabid teetotaller, the thing was too much for him, and he died trying to solvetihe problem. She would quote Sir Wilfred Lawson, Dr. Richardson, and other au thorities, all dinner time,: and, 'when the decanters were placed. upon the table, walk away: with a: look of chastened sorrow upon her face.. Nothing,; of course, could wean' Uncle Slagg from his wine-pots, as she called :his little weakness, bIut I know after.the tirades the liquor has :lost some of its: flavour for him, and did not taste the same as in the old days before her awakenig,; when? she woild fill his glass, and even press himito take an extra one for thelsake of his health. " I wonder he did not alter this will, and, no doubt, he would, had he known to what lengths her fanaticism would lead her.: "I. managed, by -skilful tabtics, . t/ keep on' pretty good terms with' the old' lady, I took the temperance' tracts, with •which she bristled, and led her to understand that, if I could not ''make up my mind to take the pledge at once, it was a good deal out of consideration for her husband's' feelings, and I :'might :do so'some day. She looked upon meass a weak vessel, hut bad great hopes that I might eventually be strong enough to bold the gift'of grace, as she rather curiously termed it. .-After William Slagg's death I had, in my position' as executor, a lot of business to :transact with 'her, and for some weeks saw 'her nearly, every day.' I thought the time, was coming.when I :might' broach the! subject of the cellar to her, and as I was walking'to' thelhouse one afternoon, de termined tosound her upon it. I rang and'knock'ed for some minutes, but could get no answer to my summons. They are all upstairs,' I thought, and can't hear me. Then I remembered that the day before, after going through a lot of papers of my uncle's I had locked the drawers and put the keys in my pocket. His latchkey was amongst them, and I took the liberty of opening the door with it. "As I entered the house I smelt a very peculiar smell proceeding from the kitchen. It was the odour of. wine and very strong. They must have broken a.bottle carrying it up, I thought. Per baps after all, the old lady is not so strict a teetotaller when alone, and I' laughed at the idea, little dreaming from whence the smell came. I could ind no one in any of the sitting rooms and as I heard persons moving in the basement, proceeded there. My , aunt, hearing my step on the stairs, ran to the kitchenr door to see who it was.'' I noticed she appeared- vexed as she met me. "'I~ am paiti'eilarly engaead this afternoon, :John, and can't speak to'you now,' she said. ." As she spoke I noticed the smell: of theb wine was almost ovrerpowering, and I wondered what she was doing. "She had some old gown on, aid that covered with a rough' white apron, appa i'ently soaked with some coloured fluid.: She was dusty, dirty, untidy, and heated,, and I noticed blood flowing from a cut on her' hand. What extraordinary h?ousehold exploit could she be engaged in? ?ýE" When a ,lady talls you decidedly she can't stop, to talk to you, and .when she appears.up to her eyeu in: cleaning ithb' house':or something ofo tlhat sort, the, next thing tc'do 'is to make yourself scarce; so I apologioed for my intrusion and promised to call again to-morrow.' "'But what a strong asmell of wine, aunt,' I said.' 'Dolln't you i'otice it]?? "'My servants have just. broken a bottle or two,' she replied, looking rather embarrassed. ' Good-bye,: John, shut the door after you.' , m.. Cnand-hve.' ['s id. and ratrcedr v steps. * " As I went up those' dar'k kitchen tuairs,'a sudden thought struck me. And yet it seemed so wild anid absurd that i laughed at the idea. But before I had reached the top it had taken full posses sion of me, and I felt cold and pale with dread. I could not bear the uncertaluty, and determined to ascertain at any risk if, my suspicious were correct. Instead, therefore, of shutting the door from the outside, I shut it with a good bang from the inside, and waited, scarcely breath ing, at the top of the stairs. After a few minutes listening my ears caught the1 crash of glass, and then a rich gurgle of fluid that sent a thrill of horror through my heart. Another crash, another gurgle, and then another and another, and even that strange s?nen?of wiine stronger and stronger. It must be as I thought, so L crept like a cat down the stairs once more, and gently opened the kitchen door. No one was there, but I heard another crash and my aunt's voice exclaim, in a tone of exalted fervour : " ' Glory - Alleluia - another' bait taken from Satan's trap I" " I passed across the, kitche:n and looked through the door of.the scullery, and there I saw my aunt and one of her red-cheeked servant wenches: busily en gaged in knocking'the necks of the cob webbed bottles, and-coh, desecration ! -pouring. their :priceless contents amid potato parings, soapsuds, and beastlinesses of t hat sort down the sink to gladden the hearts of the rats in the main sewer. •" For a few moments, I was so taken aback I could not speak or move. It seemed like a ghastly dream. 'Yet it was real, and I could see an exalted look in my aunit's face, andrl as I' heird her ex claim::- with each. :cruel decapitation, • another bait snatched from Satan !' I knew the poor woman was earnest in her coiviction, adn-I im'a~iicea sh:i was doing right.. - As I looked at this str'ange, scene, thinking what course to take, an exclam ation' behind me- made-ime turn, anrl T saw the other redicheeked servant. girl, bearing on; herimuscular arms a ho tle basket holding a dozen oflwine she had evidently brought up from the cellar for the purpose of immolation. O, William Slagg, you must have '.turned in your grav i If I had ever-believed in ghosts, this work wouldl have banished my belief, for if anything could have brought a ghost back to earth, the sacrifice going on. would have brought yours back, ` PThe basket contained the very particular, the joy Iof your heart, the wine. that only came forth on the most important occa sions, the very opening of which was a religious ceremony, and fervent prayers went up over each bottle that' the cork' may have withstood theiravages of years and the wine be still sound. And now " Even if the: servant had not dis covered me, I' should have interfered then; so I stepped boldly forward into the scullery and confronted the heartless executioners. The. servant, looking sheepish and ashamed, put down the bottle, the neck of which was just ap proaching the edge of the stone sink. My aunt with the consciousness of recti tude, met my gaze firmly. "' Thank heaven I returned,' I said. ' What does this mean ?' "' Mean,' John ! Only that I, am doing my duty.' "'Doing your duty in pouring the finest cellar of wine in London down: a common sink l' "' 'You know my views, John. I say, touch not, taste not, handle not:. ' " She has been touching and handling: with a vengeance, I thought, but I kept my temper, and said " 'But if you won't drink it, why no. sell it and give the proceeds to the'poor, if you like ?' "'No, John., I have considered the subject, fully. My duty is to pour it diwndi there:'. If: I sell .it-if I' give it away-some one' will drink, and ,every ?iropi:of wine that passes down a man's throat helps to float him to perdition.' " lier imagery was strange, but her mind was' made up, so after a pause, I said " Come upstairs and talk, with. me. Tell your: servants to stop for a' bit.' :r She followed me, saying, 'It's.no good talking; John. My 'mind is made up.: " I. cast about for a way to move her, andi at last decided on a bold course.' W· Ve seated 'ourselves in ther diniug room,. near that polished r mahogany boaid l' in' which poor old .Uncle Slagg loved ,,to.: see the crystal decanters a-rrored ..- t . .. . . .. . ''Thlln I commenced gravely- .: "' My.dear aunt, yoiu will understand that from motives of prudence I. could nsot speak before your servants as 1 can now. 'Of course I do not dispute your ri ght to do what you like withlyour own, but I am sure you cannot,. be,,nware of the penalties you are incurrina in this wholesale destruction of"' fermented liquors.' . me ' s sid . ,, In d, vou- r enn ?! -he said. startled. "' mean,': I. replied, ini: the most solemn accents,:' that you are defrauding the excise,! and ; are liable to heavy fine, and, I believe, imprisonment. "' Butr the wine is my own,' she argued. "' Precisely; so is this soveriegn mine, b'ut were I to clip, debase, or destroy it, I lay myself peu-to;legal lproceedings and punishment.. Wiane has paid duty,: and is protected in the same manner as this sovereign. "' How unjust,' she said. " Ir may be so, but it is the law. Moreover, the informer gets a good share of the fine, so see how you place your self in your servants' power, and what temptation you expose them to,' "" t But I will go to prison and glory in my martyrdom,' she said, with an angelie look.' "' Excuse me, my dear aunt, but I cannot afford to go to prison, and as I am executor and responsible for every. thing, I should share your fate. It may seem selfish, but I must guard against this. I shall therefore ask you to give me the key of the cellar; allow me to seal up the door, and I promise you, at the expiration of a twelvemonth, when I give you legal possession of everything here and take your discharge, I will re. turn the key, and you must then please yourself.' "' Now, I well know how frightened women are at the idea of coming into collision with the law, so, although the penalties I threatened her with were im probable and absurb, they set her think ing, and I waited her answer hopefully. I- added, though, as a make-weight: "' l How terribly .vexed poor uncle would have been had he sean you to day.' I:"'I believe, John, that:in the place my dear. husband now is he fully realizes the errors of his life, and could: hbe look dovr"'-or up, I thought-' he would be pleased to see my actions.' "I thought of the poor old fellow as I last saw him at the table, and smiled at the idea, but was too wise to contradict her. After a pause, she said : L" Well, John, you have been very.kind and attentive, and I should not like you to get into trouble, so I will do as you wish. But mind, at the end of twelve months, nothing shall stop me throwing, all the wine away.' " I saw the basket of the ' very par ticular' safely restored to its anug bin. I:' locked the door, afilxed my seal to it, and carried the key :away; rejoicing that I had arrived in time to save the wine. "But my task was not half over. I: knew my aunt so well, and felt sure she would carry out her threat at the ex piration of the time named, so I wove a plot to obtain absolute possession of the wine, without putting her in a mad house, or forfeiting her goodwill, or any chance legacy. " I said not another word about the cellar, but, when the summer came, per suaded her to go away to the seaside for a short time. With all her magnificent conduct as to wasting alcoholic trea. sures, she was rather near and said she could not afford it. She would like to go for a month or two, but found the expenses of her present house too.great. I suggested letting it furnished for the time to a respectable tenant. She fell in with this suggestion, and when, through the house-agent, my friend Tom Sinclair offered to take the house at a handsome sum per week, and brought her. unexceptional references, the matter was settled. To.n said he had his own ,servants, so she sent hers away on board wages. On the evening she left I met Tom by appointment at the house. His servants were all a myth, and there was no one to interfere with ui. We broke the seal and opened the door, and found in the cellar, which had been excavated and enlarged by my uncle's directions, at least five hundred dozens of wine, sleeping in beautifully-arranged bins, peacefully and happily, little dreaming how narrowly they had escaped total de struction. *1 determined to act with great caution. We had plenty of time before us, and I felt, to escape detection, the cellar must be left as we found it. I made an exact plan of it, making the contents of the bins, and the number of bottles in each, and also noting the appearence as well as I could. And then Tom, commissioned by rr.e, went round to auctioneers and wine merchants, buying as cheaply as he could all the refuse he could find, sour claret, fetid sherry, and fusty port formed the staple of his purchases. -He was a perfect godsend to the lucky tradesmen hepatronised, and if they ever imagined be was going to drink his purchases, all who sold him wine were equally guilty of manslaghter. We had it packedl and sent to Tom's warehouse. and in two or three journeys hauled it to my aunt's, and stowed it in the basement. The house was in a quiet neighbourhood, and stood in a garden, so we ran 'itttle risk of:detection. And then our work began. We were a month at it off and on, and I assure you the labour was so hard that only the thought of the rich reward en abled me to go through with it. We trusted no one, rut did everything our-. selves. We took the bins regularly, emptied them of their contents, unpacked a sufficient quantity of our dreadful pur chase to replace them, and, having done that, filled the empty cases with the real Simon pure, labelled each with the particulars and nailed them down. In shout.a month our work was complete, and the five hundred and odd dozens of the old man's cherished wine, lay ready packed for removal, whilst, through our carefulness, the cellar presented an ap pearence very much the same as it did before we commenced our meritorious task. The risk of deteetion was rendered less' from my uncle having followed the old-fashioned plan of filling the bins with sawdust. This, which was old and dirty, were carefully replaced, and, re-locking and re-sealing the door, after packing the last case, executed a dance of triumph at our success of our plot so far, and fully trusted to our cleverness in completely deceiving the old lady. In the dusk of the evenitg we sent two large waggons to the house, and by twelve o'clock that night the rescued treasures were safe in Tom's warehouse, under lock and key. Of course our operations had left the basement of my aunt's house in a terrible litter so we devoted another week to put ting all that straight. This being done to our satisfaction, Tom wrote to Mrs. Slagg, and enclosed a cheque for two month's rent saying that, his plans being changed, he intended to leave the house at once. The old lady, who had grown tired of the seaside, came back, and, al though much disgusted at the dusty state she found the house in, and vowing no thing should induce hbr to let it again, never showed the slightest suspicion of what had transpired during her ab sence. Now that I was happy as to the wines, I waited with great curiosity to see whether at the expiration of the time of probation, she would earry out her in tentions. I found she was as firmly re solved as ever, and as I wished to see the end of the affair after handing her the key, with a feigned protest, I told her I had almost persuaded myself with her ideas, she could not do otherwise, and offered to give her any assistance I could in the good work. Almost incredulous, she accepted my aid and a good work it was to pour the filthy contents of those bottles down the kitchen sink. F'augh I it nearly made us all sick ; but I know my.assistance on that occasion secured me a goodly isgacy, as she altered her will in my favour the next day. ..The cream of that joke was that, as the servant girl brought up a basket full of noxious compounds and reported that this was the very last, my aunt hesitated for a few minutes, and, as perhaps some tender recollections of her late husband presented themselves, said to me : ' John, if you like to take this last, dozen, for your poor uncle's sake, you can. I thought to do away with all, I know, but one dozen is very little from the large quantity I have sacrificed. So take it if you wish. I trembled at the idea, and answered as one 'who overcomes a severe tempta tion. ' My dear aunt, don't let any inclina tion of mine lead you from what you consider your duty. No doubt I shall be better without it, so let it follow the rest.' She gave me a grateful smile, and the last dozen of William Slagg's supposed wine gurdled down the sink, and my aunt cleaned herself from the stainr of the sacrifice, and went to a prayer meeting radiant and happy. She, no doubt, ex pects her reward hereafter, andidoubtless she will receive it, for if ever a good act was done in the world, she did one.when she poured away that 500 dozen of hor rible stuff called wine. John, having finished his tale, took:a bright little key from his pocket, and rose. ' I suppose your friend Sinclair claimed some of the spoil ?' I asked. ' O yes, the wretch I Wanted a hun dred and fifty dozen, but 1 managed to compound for about half that quantity. So my cellar of wine was cheap after 'all and I can well spare that other bottle I. am now going to fetch.'-Otago Witness. 