i IMovcltet. [PUT ASUNDER: p.; I OH Xj\DY' CASTLEMi.INE'S-BlWBCE. *- Liomon op " nts ose mistauu," " tubqws on I'J I1IE \vonu>," " A STIHjaOMl FOK ATUNO," I, - "a lllTTlsn ATOHEMEKr," cxrf, ciupier xxiv. ' , ' (1 ?' ' TUR I.M"II.T3 KKF.D. ? . f By BERTHA M. CLAY, " Miy Tcnmo ineuiJ Iaabcl Hydo.' If. " Ye*," L illy ? Cf.stleranino "hastened to |'r,r.fi v r. ?' " I wf.s longiofi lov you, You can | : ( o, J.met," E.iid the joucg oounteas to her [ m ad. i XVto c*uM L , ro prettier picturo than the 'i. leiur of tin* with Uβ ! I tin J .-J treasures 0/ nrt, its luxurious 1 ch'i tr,\y. p Ostkm?.iiie, J in a dres?ing-gown ot f pilf-blue fiilK-, embroidered in white llowors, !! her Ion;;, golden hnir lyins likoa veil over her | : w;>3 cno ot the Iovelir.lt pioture3. 'The ruddy glaw of the firelight toll full upon |;lier, end deepened tho deliaicns tints of her ;'f ice, h<!r eyw, her hair, and. her dress. She ' .pointed to v chtiir. ?". "Sit down, Isabel," she Enid. "I was ! longing to see you. I havo come to thie.oon-. elusion, that tho yre&tcst; luxury on earth 18 ito Imvo onc'ahwr well brushed after along i uigbl'e i3anciuG." . : ; " lirushinu your hair is no light task, it is Jbo übiiiul?iit," tfhidleabcl, passing her hand '? awes-tingly over tho shining waves. Carres .teirjily; but the thought wtia that somo day i that aaintiy, queenly head would fco humbled : y to thodu?t. ?'? "I chall not mind it if I fall with her, , ; she . eaid to hcrsolfi " provided only that ehe Jr.ila." . v ? , ? ; A?d there was ovor before her, both by day ; find by niyht, b piaturo of a queenly Whito .;. I! >m fallen into tho dust and tho mire—with ??'orerf, faded, and dead. ';;? Jsans ot thtvro thoughts wore tvrittcn in her :, fiae; that was emilihg end bright enough, aa ;' she said: 1 "It vv.aa not nbout tho luxury of hair* ; dresjint; you wan led to sao mc, (isrtrude?". : " Indeed it was not," laughed Lady Castlo ? rnsiino. "I wanted to tell you how rouoh I j cnpyerl my conversation v.-ith n Great hero. Do you know, I-.'nbel, fee seems quito ditTarent .'? from other men. 1, . " 110 is diflfaront," said JliaS Ilyda, with a X)soul!av smile. "Bo you really like him ?" " I do; very much indeod; ho iutereata mo greatly. Iβ ho married, I?abel ?" " No," replied Miwa Hyde. " Such, men na Colonel Lennox never mavry." '* But euroly he loves somo ona. I cannot im?f.Miie a brave knight without n fair lady." "There is none "in this case," f.iirt Miss Hyde, '-'or I should hava heanl of it. If Colonel L;nnox were to devote himself to any woman, that woman would bo {or the time queen of ?H fashionable London." " Why do you not enter tho lists, Isabel ?" naked Lidy Castlemaiiie. Sho held the ahin injj waves ot hair in her hr.nd, and was .' watching tho goldon hue. " You would win, I ftm sure." "I might,"'said Isabel, carelessly **?"but ?'nlthoiinh I havo'n great admiration for Colonel Lennox, lie 13 not tho kind of man I should fiill in love with or marry." "Perhaps not," aaid Lady Oastlomaine, ? thoughtfully; "but he ia a great hero, Isabul. ? Do you see how the fire flashes from hia eyes? I should liko Jor oneo to stio him in a rage ; he would bo something magnificent." "Bomcthing terrible," ? interrupted Isabel. "I should not liko it. But, Gertrude, you really would like to see him sometimes and talk to him ?" ""Yes," answored Lady Oaatlomnino; "I really Rhould." "Then will you talce o, little advice from mc, Gtrtrudo ? You will never regret iK You would like to bo on friendly terms with Colonel Ljnnos—to nak him to your balls and parties ?" " I Bhould," replied Lidy Oastlemaine. And you will be able to do bo. He may oven becomo the tame cat 0! tho house, if you will follow my etlvioo, Gertrude." " Lat mo hear it fir3t," eaid Lady Castle* maine. " Say nothing about him just atjint to Lord CaMemaine." "Bus why not?" aslietV Lady Castlomaine. " Why not, Isabel ?" "* wm tell you," Bho replied. Sho drew tne Bhining wnvea of golden hair through her own hands, nnd thero was v, etrango, palo smile nround her lips a3 she answered ;" I will tell you; for, with all your quickness and your clevcrnr-sa, you do not understand the world as well ai I do. I will tell you, Gert rude. Although Colonel Lennox is tho hero of tha day, tho great man of the hour— hn 13 one of tho finest of Her nlijoiJly's ofiiacrp, thero are just a lew people with whom ho in not popular." " They nra jealous ot him," said Lady 0 istlemaine. -J'lt .w>u be that," was tho diplomatic reply. " Colonel Lcnaox hnlda etrong polit ical opinions ot hiii own. He urped a eortaia line of conduct during tho Zulu war which maiio him enemie?." "That ia not jait," cried Lady Castlo maiHo. "It is not jast, but few thingq are in this Btrawely wnrlO," said I^nbel; and' win b:t her 1i..-i as s!ia tisouj-ht' of n certain injustice- done lo her. ?' Mr.n (nrtn Bfron;; r.tiuiini'.a 0.. H.^-h mau QtB> ? Bsae oontinuod, "and they ofteu hold bitter prejudice againsj each other." Yours. wentwoiitit. Not oao word of tho real stories sgainst his character which wonM havn msde Lady Casllomaino dislikn him ; no' o' l6 whisper of, that moral turpitude which would have made him distasteful to her. She did not even hiut at vho reasons vby those : who disapproved of his vicos pasfid on tljp other side of the road and held out no hand to bira. ? *.. ; I! Lady-Castlunmins had oy_e_n.heard one of tho?o uiriblo stories about him, eho wonld have declined to moat him, and would have known (hat her hero-worship vas wasted. But tho impression no cleverly convoyed to her was that Colonel Lennox was eccentric 01 peculiar in hia lino of'-politics, and so drew on himself tho disliko' of thoso who did not think aa he did. The whole world must admire him as ? brave BaWier, a man of m?3n?fi.Y?rit oourano; but all men did not pf ncccsHity admire liis politici. ? "But, Inabel," ehofaid, " although Rddolph takes tho greatest interest iii politics, he. woulfi never bo so unfair as to disliko such ; a raan as Coionel. Lonmx on account of his opinioni, let them ba what they may." "I do aot siy that ho tiielikoa him, that ia Being too f.?r; Iniereljsay that I have noticed' in Lord Cistlaraaiue a ehad'ow of dislike to him, a faint shndow." " I have Lever even hosrd him montion hie name," cti:d Lady Csstlctnaino, . " Nor hive I," 'baitl Isabel. " It-was by his prifcct ci'.cnco wlicfi the coJonel's nairo waa mentionrd, and tho expressive of hi-5 elionlderi that I know Lord Castlemaino did not jikohim." " You ore quick, and have a keen instinct, I know," ."aid Lirfy Ci\st!emaine; " but even if it bo. why should I care ? I dp not lito all of U ulolph's friends, nor do I espflot him to lilso all mine." ?' At h-it—at last 1" I33bd could hardly withhold tho rayturous cry that roso to h?ir lips. Hero was tho omall Ec?d sown in good grcund—if nhc eouM but elicrish if, ciiltivftte I it—wal-;li is f'miil it grew into a Ftiong plant. | Bai she mint bo careful—her fiigfrs mnet I nul ijiA-'p it too 'vightly, or it would norish —sho inuat nol ( ;M<-ird it with brca'lth ot flami or it v.'Oiilii die." " Xo," the replied, slowly, " that is quite oc | exploJed idnj -indesd, thi) CvJtleinr.ino idea j of matrimony is nltogctbcroutef deto. llus b.ind and wife in theec daya c-hoose their ro spective friendii and go each in his or her own way." I "I would navor choose a friend whom Uudolph Jid not like thonch," said Lidj Oant!ensr.ino. Ah I JitUo feed you arc hardly strong enough lo plant at procent I " Of cbursoi not." said Isabel, " and thia is why.l ntn inti'udinj; my ndivice upon you. H you were to go to Lird Caetkmsino now, nod say to him,' I luvo mot Colonel Lennox, and I U.jo him, I should like him to bo invited to tlie'houa'o,' ho would, with all tho Caetlo rnaino obstinacy, reply that he did not like him, decline to invite him, and theft would at onca be civil war. You sco that, Ger trodo?" ? * v Yen," aho replied, thoughtfully, " I see it, Isabel." . . ' " Whereas, if you aro careful nnd quiet for n ehort time, you need not have one word on thofiub}>: ; j{." "But what ia your adpioo 1" asked Lady CasMcniaine. " You h&vo; not given it to mc yet." ' - . . ' lUsolutQ aa sho wea, her lips paled and tho hande tliat.beld thd shinicg goWcn hair troaibled, as she anawetod. " 1 should cultivate n friendship with Colonel Lennox without yonr husband know ing it; noi for loog, juek for a few , dayn or weclt3. Then, when yon know him pretty wolli and have catabliehed your friendship, your husband will take it as a matter of course,'ond there will ke nothing said." " That Rooms to mo a weak argument," sayl Lady Castlcmaino. " Still as you are generally right in what you think, I will bo guidoiVby you. But then, Isabel, Rudolph is \- always out pith us.' " Not always. Yoa often drive alone in the park; at afternoon tea Lord Csstlomaino is ecHotn preccot; ho has lus club engasre moat3; you go at times to balls without him, end eajpotiinee to tho opera." " I did not know that 2 was so often parted from him," said the young wife, half sadly. ? ? ? . , Isabsl Hydo had the sonic to know that sho had eaui onough, Sho was wiso enough to know that another word would make Lady Cantiomaiuo espouse her huaband'a cause, and refuse the friendship of a man whom ho did not like. Sho turned the conversation to quite another subjeot, but she knew from the ex pression of thought on tho beantifulfaco that tho seed she had dropped had fallen' on good ground. No truer or moro faithful wifo lived than >jady Castlomaine; Ebo had no thought, .no interest, no care away from her husband ; ahe loved him with true and tender love. But thero tvhh just n spico of romanoa here that oaptivated her fancy—to form a friend ship with this magnificent man who was a great hero. Thero wns a gleam of romance in it, and eho had not the faintest idea of ovil or harm. Sho waa to moke frienda with him firet, and tell hcr-husband afterwards, when ehe know him well. Isabel talked to her of the coming masque rade to be held at Itancleigh House, to be given by thoDuchessof Eaneleigh, andwbioli was to bo tho lending fete of tho season. " Hove you decided abont costume yet ? " sho aeked. " No ; I have not begun to think of it yet. Should we go as Kabecoa and R-jwona, Isft bel?" " With only ono Ivanhoe between os," sha replied, laughingly. " Ob, no, Gertrude, we must think of something batter than that." Sho did not fall asleep till morning dawn ; for in her fanoy, all night loog, she waa watching tho growth of the littlo seed sho had Bown. . CHAPTER XXV, lilE OIWWTU OF THE BEED, During tho next fow daya, no matter whoro Lsdy Caatlemaine went or whom she met, tho conversation always turned on Colonel Lennox, hia bravery, and his adventures. The nine-day's v/ondor had not died out; ho wae still a Great hero. No now ecnndal had baen told of him," and thero wero Eomo peoplo who believed that ramor had beeu cxGcgerftted. One thing waa quite certain—any latJy whom he admired be came the fashion. Ho waa an authority on the L'ubjoct oi feminine beauty, aa on politics and war. At first people did not notice his dovotion to Lady Castleniaine. At first they mot but raroly. Lord CaiHleiiminc was hia wifo't) Bhiidow; ho waa still too much in love with her to bo happy for one moment whon ho was away from bsr ; ho disliked all those engage ments thnt kept him from her Bide, but them wero timeii when it waa quite unavoidable. It did not strike Lady Caetlemnine, either, how Btrti?fjo it wns that whenever ' io went out without hur husband tho colonel was by her side at once. Lord Cas'tlemaino could not go to tho Duchesa of lUneleifth's ball. It waa only at the last ruinuie bo found ho mu?t go to Ports mouth to cay " good-by " to an old friend who wa.s i-ailing away. Lady Custlemaino and Isahohvent together; they had egret d to dieas ko os to represent their oU characters—tho White Iloso and the Kid K9SO. Lady Ca6tlcuiaino looked especi ally charming, .Sho wore n white Hilk, xiohly embroidered with fins pearli and trimmed with ppraj-B ol white rows ; ?ho woreo whito ror'.'bvids round the neck ot h.er t3r?=?, nud ft lovely white roso, the idcul of herself, uoatled in the ooile of golden hair. A general mar mnr of admiration followed her entrance into the crowded ball-room. . - ; The ooatumo of the Bed Boee was quito aa great a'audooes. The dark, passionate beauty of Isabel Hydo had never showed to anoh advantage p.e in tbo exquisite dross of pale rose silk, and its elaborate trimmings of deep red rosea. Sho wore a email wreath of damask xoeea in har hair. . Society emiled at seeing ita two favoaritee in their lnet ycar'a clmrecter?. Two more beautiful women never entered a ball-room. Strange to cay, although on the Saturday morning, when they , met, Colonel Lennox to!d Lady Castlemaine he should not bn ot tho ball, tliero be wae, Bdvanc&R; to meet her, with a emile on that bold, handsome faco of bin, before which, it she had been a wieor woman, she would have flsd, or died. Sho was surrounded, as usual, by a little crowd of oourliers; he towered above them all.' ?'- . " ? *."? ? .. ?? '- "?? ?? He took tbo jowcled tablets from her hand in hie moat graceful ond courtly faahioD. " I mean to bo. eelfiih to-nigbt/' be esid; ond Lady Oastlemsine saw that ho had placed hia naruo agairtEt every waltz. Sho shook her blondq head gravely at him, and what he thought tbu fnmiliasity ot She graceful go-turo intoxicated him. There was a Fpico ot romance about itftll that ateused her; it* was tho old story ot Heraules and the distaff, oJ CSeopitia and M?rk Antony, over ogam. To the feminine mind,.there , wiil hlwft, y e be something ful in tho conquest of strength and b'avcry. Ls(iy< Oaatlcmaine had not the fr.irlesi suspicion of evil. She had regretted, with, moet bitter rcpu't that her husband had net been able to Bocompany her; Ynt there was sonething of romance in tho fact'that every time tbo muaic of a w&Uz; sounded, this t-p'endid cienfl imnirniately Fought her. R>ie had no idea of doing /injthiuy that was in tho lea?t decree impiudect ot urtiscem'v ; but ho charmed licr co that she forgot .vprytbiisg the, and long r d fut iiia conversation again. There was never a wooer so tkq~G&tS;£.hc. He'M>? i'.er ttofic?, anccdoUs, adventure*, aomo full cf rollicking fan, Pome of infinite pathoa—all yurc ai thtai h he hart been enn ?vtrpin?vith ftn nnpil. But they interested and nrauEcd her; and wban bo U f r, Rhc looked forward with c'agfrnc-98 to their nist inter view. ITc disced nil'i hrr so r.'ffn Uiir evening, in<! m-,.'ie hiowK s:i comtro'ious by hia do voti -n to hrr, that , Wb'd thought.f s> prudent to at'uiJniolcr a. warning. It would rot do for ntraiw or nuivnined hands to force thia eeed, whiob she bad sowr with Buoh caro. — "Gertrude," she whispsred, " I would not dance again with Colonel Lennox." " Why ?" she asked, impatiently. "Thereason is obvions," said Miso Ilyde. "That was your third- wallz, and people arc beginning to look at you." "To look at mc I" cried Lady Castlemaine. " What for ? Why should they look at mc ?" Isabel Hyde ?hrnggcd her shoulders. "You.know bow peoplo talk," she said. "Suppose tb&t; to-morrow Home one jeata be fore Lord Caetlemaino about the number of times you have waltzed with that handsome colonel. You would not liko it?" "No," sho replied, slowly. " I might not like it, bat I do not oeo that it could matter much." As it was in tbia case, so in every oiher; no matter where eho appeared, there, sooner or later, came Colonel Lennox. *' I could ahnoft believe," eho eaid, laugh ingly,- to him one morning, " that you mnat receive a telegram from the birds to 'say when and where I am going." Sho did not notics tho sudden flush on his face, nor the still more auspicious faot that Isabel Hydo had turned quickly osida, as though she did not care to hear the words. Twice when fsfce was out in the park, onco at a garden party, and onoa at tho Zoologioal Gardens, eho had met hica when sho was with Ieabol; and ho had made so much of those occasitm that she bogau to look upon him as an old friend. *Pho had never meant any concealment, any disguise, any deoais; least of all bad she thought ia nny way of keeping soorats from ?her hnaband; she had merely oarolesely fol lowed label's words—not to speak to her husband just at that about it. She was too young and too guileless of heart to think much ol it, or to ccc any evil in it. Sho was .now on quite friendly terms with him. Sho" had met him twice at Lidy Crea son'a at five o'clock tea, and they talked on until Lady Caatlemnino had been compelled to drive home quieUy, and hsd a very narrow oscapo of being lato for dinner. She waa lees on her guard now, and after dinner, during a long conversation ?whioh took place on the different stations of men, their difierent employments and professions, Lady Castlemaine said, suddenly : " I like soldiers best. If I wero a man, I would neither bo a lawyer, a dootor, a poli tician, nor anything else, but a soldier." It was curiou? how strange a silenej fol lowed thia remark. Lord CaeUcinaine looked at his wife. " Yoa have few opportunities ot .studying the different professions, Gertrude. What makes you cay that ?" ? She was conscious in one moment of her own indiscretion, and hastened to cover it. " Soldiers are heroes," she aaid. Lord Caatlemaino laughed. Ye?, they woro quite good friends now. They met with einiles, parted with ro?ret thought with pleasure of the next interview. On hsr sido there was nothing but tha feeling of Great interest, of quiet amusement, of hero worship. On his, thoro was tho conaoioua nesa that he loved for the firet timoin hie life, and with all the desperation of a man's first passion. Verily, tho little seod was growing, and would soon bo a strong plant 1 Then he became impationt to boo more of her, and that could not be dono nnloao ho knew her husband, and could call at the house. " The Lady of Naatb," ho called her in his own mind, and he wished that the daya ot chivalry wero baob again, that ho mfght pro claim himself her knight, fijht for her, die for her. All his pact wiokod life seemed to rise up in vengeauoe against him, now that he waa earnestly and deep in love. What a wretched past, what shameful memories, what horrible remembrances I" "But she will never know," he said to him self. " No one will tell her. In her beautiful eyes I shall always be a great hero, and I de sire no more." ' But ho must boo her oftener; ha conld no longer bear that a whole twenty-four hours should pass without one glimpse of her. " I should like to know Lord Castlomaine," ho said to her, ono day. "Nothing would be easier," eho replied. "Will you introduce mc, Lady Castlo maino ? " ho aaked. " Yob ; I will, with pleasure," ehe replied. "Five o'clock tea ia quite an institution at Neath House—will you call to-morrow and take a cup with us ? " " I shall be most charmed and happy," ho replied. " It ia the desire of my heart to visit your house." Again a alight frown on her faoa warned him.' "Ihavo been told," ho continued, "that Noath llouoo ia ono of the finest mansions in town, and I admire beautiful houses." " A strange taeto for a soldier," ehe replied, laughingly. " I Hko a camp hotter," ho oried. But she would not bDliove him, and play fully called him a carpet knight. They laughed and jeated, and "were more friendly and more familiar than thoy had over been Sho waa pleased at the idea' that he should visit her, pleased tbat.he Bhould wwb to know her husband; bat there was no lime to epeak of it, ' ? ? .._ hi, Thai evening ehe went to two different balls, and in the morning eho was too tired to re member it. She had been oDxioua to tell Isa .boll, but in thivaticd engagement of the day eho forgot ell about it. ? . Aβ events tamed out, it did not much mas ter, but it ia pof?iblo that if she had told, her husband that morning ftbo was to be "her guest in the evoniog, a tragedy might havo been averted. , : ;".'"_?. CHAPTEE XXVI. ? : , - A FIVE o'CWCK TEA. :. '' The drawing-room at -Neath Honse was a magnificent room. It ran along the whole length of the building; it h&4 Bis. lar;ce win doiva tbaiopaned into & balcony, which was always filled with fairest flowers, ail the flowers that Li'Jy Caatlemaine liked brat— bduU oluaters of wbi'O lilacs, th 9 lovely nar cisflus, the whito dnpbne, the whito rose; white wa3 to bo eeen everywhere. It was a room bti;;ht as sunshine, flowera, light, and_ magnificence coald mako it. The five o'clock tea at Neath House was an institution, but Lidy Cistlemaine was very particular as to who , attended. Th&iuoiUu; were all her own particular and iutiinite, frionds, anfl ehe was much beloved in general Society. ?_- . .?.??:? Sb.<3 onjoyed social lifo. To eeo heraelt, surrounded by fair young girla, by wiV-y and piqaanfc matrons, was a pleasure to lur. She enjoyed these little reunione. She liked to hear the laat anecdote,', thn last new norel discussed, the last now fashion commented upon; tho newest engsgotnont, the last fash ionable marriage—all wero conned over with many a aieiry laugh cni joet. The lanias wore suoh pretty dreeacs, the colors were so beautiful, the sound of tho silvery voices and lacqhter waa so sweet, Li6y O.iistlemaine'o. teas were famous-, thoeo who had been once longed to go agftio. r On this evening, when Colonel Le.anox was to pay his first visit to the bouse, L'idy Cihtlemaino looked more lovely than usua). She wa? thinking ft little of him whon ehe cho?e that most txquisiteof toa gowus, which waa a combination of pale-blno velvet and white satin. It was impoaaifjk to tell where one brgun nnd the other ended. Oihii golden hair lay the loveliest little picture of a cap; her white hands shone with jewtlj. Tho Httlo table bpforo her was a poem in itself; the old-fashioned eiiver Bervicc, the Sivres china, delicate and beantiful ag fiawcrs; tbo fragrant tea, with thioV, rich cream, ttaih frora tho country; and Lady Osstleraaine, while sho dispensed tea with her own fair hands, led tha conversation. Sbe was tho wi'ti-:st, the quickest m repartee in all that brilliant band of beautiful women. Isabel lly<Ti! worn a tea gown elaborately constructed of fawacolorcd velvet and rose piak silk, tho soft tints of which made her (uo3 look tho brighter. There waa only one drawback to tho perfect happi'iese of the boantir.il mistress of that splendid heme an eho sit there, and it wan -lhat bar hm'oand waa absent. All her favo rite fiiendj were prosonfc. Miss Hyde, who was still visiting Nu'ath House; tho young nnd moFt vivacious Cjuntsss o! Erksdnlo, who con!A tf.lk twice as much and twits a? long p.s any other Jruly; thoro was tho baauti fat and bright younc; matron, tha r):iohes3 o( I Wtfetwa'er, who had tho mmdid blue eyes of a oliilJ, with a mi.'idfull oi wit and miac'jief; ! tVrc W!\a tha .Vwac-t- fiic2d, eeotitnental Indy i BacVm.nin, who thought nothing moro suV etaiUia! than flowers worth discussing; Lidy Eisllikc, the loadar o! tho roittielio oehool, who atmost died oJ a aunfl iwor and went into |;OQBtaoie? over a lily; there W33 the lively and ooquattiah young Jlvnhioness of Horvtliers, 1 who made war all round, her oye?, like arrows, pierced tho heart* of the roea who gazo3 upon her, and sho had nothing what ever to off.;r thorn-by way of consolation; there wai Miss Grsittly, the famous htires?, who never opened her month but to utter an epigram ; thero was tho famous poat, OjwaM Clyde, the writer of the last new poem, vrhioh 1 had driven tho poetry-loviog portion of the public mad. Neither wit, wisdom, nor beauty was want ing, and Lady Cistlemaine, as sho gracefully dispensed tha Sovree cupi, seemoi to hold ail the thresd-} of tbo conversation in her own hands; it was she who poiuted the chirp arrows of wit; it waa eha who called forth the thoughts and ideas of others; it was ehe ?who seemed to bring her visitors more to gether, mind to mind, Isabel looked at her with nyos of envy. '?I should hsvo been juat such another hostess," aho said to heraelf, " if these rooms had been mine, as they ought to have been/ . There waa a slight stir when Colonel Len nox waa announce'!. Most of the ladies knew him well. The Duchess of WestwAter admired him, and her blue eyes wore never more beautiful than when they were raised with tho candor of ohiMhqod to his. Lady Esdthke sisbed at the mention of his name; i triero was nothing ol the ro-ttietic about h\m. The MaTchioncsa of Heathers delighted , in him; she liked his stories, his adventures, and not being one of the most scrupulous of womankind, did not dislike him any the more for his character ot a gallant man. Colonel Lennox looked neither to the right nor to the left; he went to the beautiful hos tess, found a'seat by her aide, and asked for a cup of tea from her hands. She gave it to bi'm. He enj-'yedthe whole eituation ; the magni ficent room, with its wealth of fregrant flowers ; the beautiful and witty woinon, the clever men; he enjoyed the conversation, the wit, the reparteo. Under cover of a Roneral laugh, raieed'by | the Marchioness cf Heathers! Isabel said to Lady Castlemaino: " " You did not tell tag that Colonel Lennox was coming." " No," was the frank reply; " I forgot." Forgot! Tho word made Isabel shudder. If she had indeed forgotten, evidently- her mind wna not filled by him. '.' He wants to know Kudolph," eho con tinued, carelessly, " and I thought this a very pleasant time for an introduction." "There could be none better," replied Isabel. On the table near her lay a spray of white J lilac, that some carclese l.idy had let fall from a bouquet; she raietd it and held it"to her lips; the words she whispered into it were I the same as those &bo; had uttered in the church on tho wedding-day, and whon ehe raised her face again there waa a smile on it not pood to seo. " This must bo a lady's paradife," said Colonel Lennox. " 1 wonder what tho world did before tbo luxury cf tea was difcovered?" " Pretty much tho same as it does now," said Lady Heathers. " There muet always have been something to drink, something cheerful nnd enlivening, even for savages." " Have you eoen the famous now picturo at tho Academy, Colonel Lennox?" " I havo had no many engagetuent?," he replied, " that I have not had timo to ccc one-half that I want to eco." Said Lady \Ve?tlako: "The prettiest Bight I havo seen id the largo grove of obeetnut trees in Eiehmond Park." " I quito agree with you, Lady WeeUakc," said the poet. Colonel Lennox turned to his beautiful hostess. " My bachelor quarters are bo limited," ho said, "I am most unfortunately prevontc-ci from returning the hospitality pressed upon mo: but I havo had during, and I bcliuvo original, thoughts of giving a dinner at Rich mond,.if I could persuade 'soma kind and gracious lady to help mc." "You would hsva no diPJautly in that," Bhosaid; bat he observed that she was cfttc ful no!; to offer her aid. "If. I am fortunate enough to Mieaeed in my (fforta," be said, "you will promise to bo the queen of my little festivity ?" . At almost any other t!mo she would have atWereJ, "Yes," without ft (honi/ht, but there canre to her rnin;l a sudden recollection, that natil Colonel Lsnnox had been iniro duced to her.husband she could riot accept EDy fcuch invitation., . "I must have time to think of it-," she re plied. ?-..?'...?' "1 shall live on the hope of it," ho said.; "I am eorry Castlemaine is not at borne." ': " Ho was sent for quito unexpectedly, ti?o hours ago; be st-Morn misses tho tea hour." "I Ehoald iroagino not, for it is a very happy one," said Colonel Lennox. He wanted, if he possibly could; to get her away from theso brilliant people. It was ihe firstiirae ho had been a? her hou?o, and he wanlod to make a sentimental occaeion of it, and flic had no notion of the kind. How earnestly he wished these pretty women would put down their teacups and go. Surely thoro had been tea enough 1 For a few miuutes he almost bEted Imdy Heathers, whose viva cious anecdotes kepi every one in continued l&oghter.; Jf they would but go 1 It was his first visit to the house, and bo wantod to say a few words to her. Hew wns it possible? Thegreat poet sit ailectly watCbin? him, feeling sorry in bin heart to seq Colonfcl Lennox on Buch friendly terms with beautiful Lady Castle maine. : He knew him, fcnew the truth of i>s! the stories that were told about him, knew what his reputation really was. " t! I had a young and loyely wife like that," hceaid to himself, "Colonel Lennox would find no place in my drawing-room." But then he was a poet, and poets take eirense views of things. Then, to the colonel's grsat relief, Lady Heathers rose, one or two otters followed her example, and a email laughing group made for tho door. Thepoet remained; he had seen the impatience on that bold, handsome face, nnd ho ouderstood. " This ia one of hia old tricks," he said to h'unself ; "he wants to talk to Lady Castle maine, and he wishes we will all go away. I, for one, shall hot oblige him," Tho colonel staid and the poet staid, until Isabel flvde, with her usual quickne?s, guessed "t ttid situation and came to the reEcue. She u-ent np (o him : " H.-.ve you seen Lady Ciwilemaine's por trnit? " she asked. " Millnis only finished it iast wock." No, he hud not seen it, but, should, of courw, be delighted; and Mias Hyde led him to tbe library, where the picture huDg. The colonel blessed her in his heart; then hs j turned quick!;,- to his beautiful hostess. I " I am so glad to have a ohanco of saying ens word to you," he taid, hurriedly. "I tboughtthey would never go." " 1 did not want them to go," she eaid, ooldly. ? - ?-. . ?:?".' " I did," he cried. " I wanted to tsll you what an infinite pleaEure this, my first visit to you, rives tue." Sue laughed a proud, careless laugh that cut him like a knife. "I do not Eec," 3he said, "why you wish my friends gone, in order that you might make a oittip!c speech like that," ; r ' " Give mo somethirg to rememberit by? " hearkedi " .'.-.????; >-? " Give mc the rose you have worn ail the , afternoon." - : '* looked at it, then atHim. - " I think not," sho replied; " the giving of a flower means much or little; in tho tirst case 1 etiould riot give it, in tho Eecond it would noj he worth having." Later on in tho evening, Isabel Hyde stood 1 by lurdressing-room fire; sbe elowly pulled out the leaves of a white rose and watched them shrivel and burn in the flame. ? CHAPTER XXVII/ ' - : . ?'..' "liAr>Y DKSHAU'S SIASQTJEUADE." In. fashionablo life one gayety succeeds another so quickly that there is hardly time for Bny entertainment, howavwr splen did, to mako much impression; but Lidy Danham'o masquercde was quite another affair. It was to be held at Dinham House, and was tin fete of the season ; tho memory of it was to iivo in the mind of roan. Denbam Houso was well suited for an enter tainment; of this kind; tho suite of rooms that opened into the ball-room was megnifjeent; the ball-room itself opened into a largo and lofty conservatory, that led again into an exquisite little fernery, a rare thing to find even in a Hydo Park mansion; at tho end of this fernery were two huge glass doors that opened on to the lawn; th&y; were all on a perfectly straight line, bo that it wae pleasant to Btand in tho ball-room and watch tho orescent moou rise in the sky. Most people A Question of Proprietorahip. Wentwortb. "Tom this is—a—ah—gen iiemnu who claims to be tho original possessor of this skeleton," " Ah—dispute m to ownership, eh ?" " That tendency," answered Wentworth. " Ho is, in fuct, a—well, a ghost." "A what?" " Trie gentleman hns been dead" for noma time," put in Smilie, the task of explaining having seemingly got beyond Wontwortb. " And while alive thi3 wns hie skeleton." " Oh, coma now, Smilie, what are you giv ing us." " Fact," said Smilio, " just toaaed this ruler through him. Try it." Fulmer hesitated. " Itwill perhaps convince y?su quicker than anything clso, and don't iuconvenienco mc in the least," said tho apparition. Fulmer to33ed tho ruler, with the earne result as b Jforo. He was very short-sighted and ho adjusted his eyeglftssca and peered across tho table at the ghost, who stood impassively as ho had done from the firet. " I say, Wentworth, just strike a light will you." Weutworth lit the large lamp that stood on top of the bureau. Tho ghost appeared an ordinary-looking man, dressed as Bny man \- might ba. Fulmer, with corrugated brow, gazed at him while Smilio and" Wentworth felt ft Borfc of momentary pride of, ownership, ac if their po?seesion of the skeleton gave them a kind of proprietorship in the spectre. The amiable skeleton, which now shone whito in the bright light, seemed to beam in b benevolent way on its formor ownor. " Sit down," eaid Fulmer, " I hato to talk to a—person—Btanding." The spectre sat down. " Now, what use is this skeleton to you?" began tho yoking lawyer, his professional in- Btinbt getting the bettor of his amazement. " That, if you will pardon mc, is no one's business but my own. 1 may say I want it placed whore I will know where to find it—or I may cay that I don't ohoose to havo it re main hero, tho Eubjeot 0! soofiing and con tumely. " Oh, you're '.vrori? there," said Wentworth. " Wo both havo tho greatest respect for John W. Ho is a guide, philosopher, and friend— aa well as instructor." " Just Ifit mo handle thia caso," paid Ful mer with a backward wave of his hand. " Now, what ehall I call you ? " " What you please," "_W(.)I, wo will uay the plaintiff. Now, i plaintiff, in tho skat ulaco you would have to prove to tho aafofaetlon of'a jury that this ie yourokeletun. Wedony iiafc it ia youw."| : i "Of course wo do," put in Smilie. We 1 bought the body and John wired h." "I don't mean -that. The defence takes tba ground that thio particular akeleton is i not the bones ol the plaintiff, but the bonce of John \V. Stodgers, deceased. Now it i would rest with you to prove that this was ' yotr skeleton, and as people are not in the hnbft of having a private mark on theji : skeletons, I natter myself we would have you. ! right at the brciDning of the case." "You are a very young lswyer," rephea i tha ghoat with a sort of a poet mortem sneer.' "It yon esamino the teeth ol that skeleton you will find the one on the left lower side next the back filled with silver, and, if neces sary, I can.tell yonr intelligent jury the eort of cap that is under tho eilvcr to cover the nerve that oDts was there." All the young men looked at J. W., who, aa if enjoying the point made by ita otber Belf, auddcrily clicked down its jaw and beamed on Fulmer with its eilenfc laugh. Wtntworth tock np the lamp and looked at the lower ? jaw.- .- . . ?> ?? ' ' ???-...? : .--.. "Tea, Fulmer," ho eoid, " that a co. " Well, we'll waive that point—we'll waive that pcint," said tho; young lawyer, with ill affected Birim.ES, ?'????/' " I think you might aa well," said ?he ghost dryly. . . ??.???'. ".?.???' '"? ? ; " But the real nob of the case would be in | this: Can a man once dead lay claim to any part of the propeity bo owned while alive? I don't recollect any parallel case to yours ex actly, tut I have soma knowledge of tho statutes of Michigan," this modestly, and I think ail the tendencies of law would be against you. When a man ia dead there is no question but that his noxt of kin havo the riyht to cremate, to embalm or to bury his body. They m-'glit Bell it, I imagine, although, that i:> rarely done in first-class society, Now the point I would make before'a jury woulo be— '"" ???? "? ? ??'' . ." . ??? " I have no wish Jo ciicasa law Witii yon. I have demanded the skeleton and I propose to have it whether you arp. willfiig or not." " Just write that down, boys," said Fulmer. " He hints at burglary." " See here," bw<! Wentwortb, " yon are nof the man we dia?ectod. I believe you're a fraud." "Do you ?" returned the ghost. " I'll con vince yon in order to Rave myself further trouble. ' I can take any cne'e form. For instance, that of a rising lawyer." And with that the figure before them was an exact counterpart of young Palmer. The next instant the ghost wats himself again. 1 " By jove," eaid'Smilie, " what a~eplendid lightning change artist he would make." ! "Say," said Pulmer, " what would yon take for a night at the big hnll ? You could per sonate the head of the University and sing, ' I want to be an Aogel' with splendid effect." ? .. ? ? "I am in no mood for chaff," said the epecter, severely. "Finally, will yon give up j my p.kelaton ?" ? .. "Lot him havo sns old bones," said Scnilie, "I certeinly will not," cried Wentwortb. "Why, Smilio, I had to drill 150 holes in that skeleton. No, sirl J. W. Stodgara remains : here." . ".'??.''. \ ? " Remains ia Rood," said Fulmer. " Well, Mr. Wentworth, when you get tired o? the fight just give ihat skeleton a decent b irial." With that the ghost was gone. "So 10D3," cried Smilie. "What* are you going to do, Wentworfch? It's you and the i ghost, it Eeeins." ? "Do ? Why, keep J. W., of course." Next day there was an astounding charge Bgainat Wentworth. A passenger coming up from Detroit by the early train had been met on the road from tho atation by a student exactly answering Weutworth'e description, who demanded money at the point of a pistol, and the passenger would have_ undoubtedly been l'obbsd it two others coming along had not frightened the culprit, who escaped. Nothing but Smllie's solemn oath that Went worth was asleep at the time—it was Saturday inorninp, saved Wentworth. On Sunday all Ann Arbor was eoand&lised; as it cape from church by seeing Wentworth atoggaring along the street in a state of beastly intoxication. The professore hauled him over the coals, and it was in vain that ho protested he had spent the day worthily, trying io oatoh fish up the 'river. ??- . .. ? ;, . ? . He went home mad and, as J. W. grinned at hint as he came ia, hs seized the. ruler and smashed in the trap door jaw. Tho ruler did opt pass through the bony part of J. W., as it did through its speotral counterpart. Next day Wentworth wa? too ill to attend class. Smilie left him and wended hia way to college. He had just taken hi 3 seat while the Professor was jotting down namea prepara tory to a " quiz" whon an unearthly yell at tracted all oyea to the top tier of seats that descanded ono by one down to the operating tablo. There stood Wentworth on tho back of the highest eeat. " Ono, two, three, look out for mc," he shouted, and with that ho ran swiftly down tho backs of the seats, jumping over the stu dents' heads, hopping lightly on the " Eubjeot" that lay oovered up on the revolving plank, then sprang among the-<lady students who, scattered screaming, and thence up to the top of tho opposite tier. "Now for a jump across tho arena. Never attempted by anyone outside of this circus." " Catch him," ehouted somebody. " He's insp.no." At that Wentworth mado for tbe narrow stairway, Smilie and another after him.. He beat them easily across the campus and ent ered tho door of his boarding place. When the two students burst into tho room they found Wentworth sitting docfully look ing at the damaged front of Stougers, and he swore he had not been out that morning. Next day he got notice of dismissal lroin the University. As he Fat by his window stubbornly rofus ing to bo conquered by a ghost, and yet awaro that perhape Borne people wonM not believe the whole story if he told it, ho saw his double on the opposite side of the street. "By George I" he cried, I'll have it out with him. If they ccc us both there they'll believe my &tor.v.; He seized the ruler and Btarted out. The ghost looked behind him, and then it too had a ruler in its hand. Nearing the poetoffico tha ghost came suddenly up to a group of < men, hit out right and left with tho club, etruck a policeman across the faco, and fled towards Wentworth. The orowd pursued, j As it oamo to Wentworth it vanished into thin air, and, the next instant Wentworth was I in the hands of tho outraged constable. From tbo lookup tho dejected young man wrote to Sitnlie; For my satte, buy a cemetry lot and bury John W. Stodgers, charging the cost to mc. That ended the fight. Wcntworth, I regfei tosay, is not the first Student who come to grief by letting spirits get (he better of him. 