LENTEN PASTORALS. IMPORTANT PRONOUNCEMENTS OF TUB IRISH BISHOPS. We append the conclusion of the Lenten Pastoral of his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Walsh, which was read in all the churches of the archdiocese. In conclusion, dearly beloved, can it be necessary to remind you of tbe solemn responsibility that, in this critical hour of the public affairs of our country, now rests upou us all 1 With singular unanimity, the leaders of all parties in the State have come at length to recognise the pressing need of a substantial reconstruction of the system of government under which we at present live. So much is certain. But beyond this all is shrouded from our view in the uncertainty of the future. The minds of many among us are agitated. All around us are heard the expressions of the anxieties, tbe fears, the hopes of those who speculate as to what the next few weeks may bring forth Amid all this uncertainty it is assuredly our special duty to turn to the Throne of the All- Wise and Almighty Ruler of the Universe in earnest supplication, that the light of that heavenly wisdom by which *' kings reign and lawgivers decree just things," by which " princes rule and the m'ghty decree justice," may not be wanting to those statesmen and public men by whom the momentous issues now raised will have to be decided, and on whose prudence in council and on whose action in the Senate of the Empire the provision to be made for the future protection of so many and such vital interests, in tbe spiritual no less than in the temporal order, must so largely depend. For this purpose, then, we direct the Collect Deus, refugium nostrum et virtus (0 God, our refuge and our strength) to be said from the beginning of Lent until further notice, at Mass each day, when the rubrics permit. May the peace of God, which surpasseth all understanding, be with you all. Amen. >I< WILLIAM, Archbishop of Dublin, Primate of Ireland. Dublin, 5th March, 1886. The following is an extract from tbe Lenten Pastoral of the Bishop of Gal way, the Most Rev. Thomas J. Carr, which was read in all the churches of the diocese yesterday:— And let us not fail to pray tbat " the beginning of more peaceful days" may be extended to our own afflicted country. We seem to be in sight of the Land of Promise. Let us take care that no want of faith in God's Providenoe will debar our entrance—no murmuring against legitimate authority, no violation of God's law, no inhuman crimes against our fellow-men, will cause us to be turned back into the barren wilderness. Let us hope that the great statesman who now directs the councils of the Empire will listen to the representation of our country's oause, and of onr country's claims, recently made to him by those who truly reflect the mind and the will of the people—that he will be able to make light shine out of the darkness, and tbat it will be the glory of his closing years that, by conceding liberty and equality, he bound the heart of the captor to the heart of the conqueror in the willing bonds of mutual sympathy 8nd reciprocal advantage. And let us ask that in the meantime the wretched tenants who find it impossible to meet their engagements at present, and who are threatened with eviction from their humble homes, may be allowed at least a few months' respite, until they pan .profit ,by-..the legislation which just M. enlightened statesmanship will devise for their relief, and for the lasting peace and prosperity of Ireland. The Lenten Pastoral of the Bishop of Ossory was read in all the churohes on Sunday. Alluding to the present condition of Ireland, his Lordship says :— Unnatural seasons, summer changed into winter and winter into summer—the sky as brsss when rain is wanted, and as cataracts of water when we should have sunshine—blighted harvests, blasted fields, ruined crops, mocking the hopes of the poor peasant—pestilence and disease, for which new names have to be made, desolating tbe flocks and herds of our fields—depression of trade, falling prices, no fairB, no markets—country districts covered with gloom, towns and cities and martB of commerce deserted, noble rivers listlessly rolling by their banks,without turninga wheel of industry in their course of many miles to the sea, and as the result of all this, rqualor, nakedness, cold, and hunger amongst our poor—in our middle classes utter inability to meet, as become honest men, their just debts and engagements—tbe people flying from our shores, as if the island were on fire, to seek fortune or a livelihood, or perhaps a miserable subsistence, or death, or something worse, in foreign lands among strangers—the nation crushed and overwhelmed not only by tbe awiul visitations directly of Heaven, but, frequently the victim of tbe most ruthless oppression that ever disgraced the annals of humanity. Who can tell what the poor people of this country have bad to suffer in the past, and are yet suffering, and perhaps never more acutely tbat at this moment P The following is an extract from the pastoral of Most Rev. Dr. Conway, Bishop of Eillala :— Tbe general depression in business, felt among all classes of the community at present, and the want of employment among tbe labouring poor, add much to the number of the indigent, and render the giving of alms more needed to the poor, and more beneficial to the donors than at other times. Hence I reoommend alms-deeds, especially during this Lent. They are very effectual means to avert the wrath of Heaven, to disarm the Justice of God, and to expiate and redeem sin. Let me also exhort the suffering and destitute poor who, like Lazarus, labour under the difficulties of this life, to bear patiently those difficulties. As tbe unhappy fate of Dives should alarm the great ones of this world who enjoy all its comforts, so, on the other hand, the happy end of poor Lazarus, who, when he died, was carried by angels into Abraham's bosom, should afford consolation to the poor, and animate them to endure with patience and resignation all the hardships and trials to which they are subject. They should guard against murmuring and repining at their condition during the short term of their pilgrimage in this vale of tears. Our Divine Redeemer has blessed their state of poverty by His own example, and has expressly Baid in tbe Gospel, " Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is tbe Kingdom of Heaven." He will, in his own good time, dry up their tears, and change their sorrows into joys if they live up to the rules of a Christian life, and refrain from the vices, and overcome the temptations that beset their humble position in life. In the interim they may rest assured that the condition of the rich is not so much to be envied as some may imagine, for it is attended with so many dangers, temptations, and weighty responsibilities that the GoBpel declares it to be easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven. The rich will stop at no expense to gratify their favourite passions. They find money enough to spend in gaming, in drinking, and in playhouses ; in high living, in fiae clothes, and expensive diversions. But, if you take their own word for it, they have nothing to spare for charitable purposes, or works of mercy to the poor. Neither the tears of the disconsolate widow, nor the cry of the helpless orphan, nor the lamentations of the distressed poor will move them ; wherefore the Holy Ghost says in the Book of Proverbs, " He who stoppeth his ear against the cry of the poor shall also cry himself, and shall not bo heard." The Sovereign Judge will close the bowels of His mercy against the uomerciful. He will be deaf to their entreaties, and turn his face from tbem, as they now turn away their faces from the poor, and Bhut their ears against their petitions. And hence St. James has pronounced " Judgment without meroy to him who hath not done mercy." The Bishop of Achonry, Most Rev. F. J. M'Cormack, in the course of his pastoral, says :— True to the traditions of our faith and our country, let us observe with fidelity the Lenten regulations, let us at .least keep the laws, as far as they bind us, and bave not been relaxed by this Indult. But the fast of Lent would be very fruitless indeed if we do not also abstain from the exoessive use of intoxicating liquors. The day seems not far distant wben combined aotion from end to end of the island shall be taken to stamp out the demon of drunkenness from this land of faith. The deepest interests of religion and country alike are involved. Religion and intemperance cannot flourish together. Tbe tap-room is generally the place where outrages upon life and property are hatched, and the dupes and victims of secret societies are snared. The prospect of our poor, ill-used country are brightening. The restoration of her rights to Home Rule is about to be accomplished. Let every lover of our country set his face ngainst outrages and secret societies, end also discountenance intemperance, which conduces to these two evils, and to a thousand others affecting both soul and body. And thus we shall be doing good service in the interests both of relig ! on and patriotism at the same time. 