An Irish Wit. I (temple bab.) Lord Clare was a determined enemy of Curran whilst he was at the Bar. The Lord Chancellor rained his practice at the Chancery Court, and hia clients were always sufferers. Indeed, Curran stated that the losses in his professional income from the animosity of Lord Clare amounted to no leas thau £30,000. The incidents in court in couse j queuce of this disagreement were sometimes i ludicrous. On one dccasion when it was known the advocate was about to make an elaborate argument in Chancery, Lord Clare brought a Newfoundland dog upon the bench witii him, aud paid much more attention to the dog than to the barrister, and the fact was commented on by the profession. At a inateiial point in the argnment the Chancellor lost all decency, and turned quite aside to fondle the dog. Curran stopped at once. Go on. go on," said Lord Clare. "Ob, I beg a thousand pardons, my lord !" was the ready reph. "I really took it for granted your lordship was engaged in consultation." a witticism of Fitzgibbon, the only one recorded of him, is so good as to make one wish for more. Chief Baron Yelvertou weu i over to London accompanied by Curran, Egan, and a Mr. Barrett, notorious for hm skill at cards. " He travels," said Fitz gibbon, " like a mountebauK, with biD monkey, his bear, and his sleight-of-hand man." This Egan was a great friend of Curran's, and held the office of Chairman of Kil maiuham. He was a man of hnge size and massive build, as brawny aud nearly as black as a coal-porter. In an election for the borough of Tallagh, outside Dublin, Egan was an unsuccessful candidate. He appealed, and the matter came before a committee ot the House of Commons. It was in the heat of a summer afternoon that Egan was seen struggling through the crowd in a profuee perspiration, and mopping his face in a huge red handkerchief. I am sorry for you," J said Curran, " very sorry indeed." " Sorry ! Why so, Jack, why so? I am perfectly at my j ease." " Alas, Egan, it ia evideut to every- I one that looks at you that you are losing I tallow ( Tallagh) fa-t." The friendship that J existed between the two for many years was j interrupted by a quarrel so bitter that a I dul was the consequence. Tbey met on the j Fifteen Acres, and 011 the ground Egan 1 eomplainedthat cue disparity in size gave his j ndvr isary an unfair advantage. " i might I i.h w«il shoot at a midge as at him," said J " and he may hit me as easilv as a <urf aracR." " I tell you what", Mr. Egan," .-"id Outran, pistol in hand ; " I wish to take I advantage of you whatsoever. Let my 1 ruze be chalked out. upon your side, and every j aho'. which goes outside of that mark may I count f >r nothing." The contest after that i wa cot a deadly one, and though they fired, j tseither was hit, aud ate conciliation followed. At Ntei Priua one day Chief Justice Carleton, a lugubrious personage, came into court, looking unusually gloomy. He apologised to the bar for being necessitated to adjonrn the court for that day, " though," proceeded his lordship, " I am aware that an important issue btanda for trial ; but the fact is, I have met with a domestic misfortune which has deranged my nerves. Poor Lady Carleton" <in a low tone to the bar) " has most unfortunately miscarried, and " " Oh, my lord." interrupted Curran, " there is no necessity for your lordship to make any apology, as it is clear now that your lordship has no issue to try." After Curran's eleva tion to the Bench as Master of the Rolls, a gloom seems to have fallen upon hia spirits. He disliked his position, for which he felt ! himself unqualified. As he said, ' When the i party with which I had acted so fairly had after long proscription come at last to their i natnral place, £ did not expect to have been stuck into a window, a spectator of the pro- cesdon." he was bitterly opposed to the Union, though after it has taken place he would not take part iu an agitation for ite repeal. He was one day, after the final debate, setting hia watch at the po-t office. then opposite the Parliament- house, when a noble member who voted in the majority said to bim, with ill- timed jocularity, " Cur ran, what do tbey mean to do with that useless building? lor my part, I am sure I hate even the sight of it." "Idon'cwondei at it, my lord," was the reply. ' I never yet heard of a murderer that was not afraid of of a ghost." 