THE PREMIER AT CASTLE MAINE. \- - VALEDICTORY SPEECH TO HIS CONSTI- TUENTS. [By Special Wire- From Our Own Re- porters.] CASTLEMAINE, Wednesday. Mr. Service addressed the electors of Castle- maine at the Theatre Royal this evening. The hall was crowded, and on the platform were the following members of the Ministry, namely : — Messrs. Berry, Tucker, Langridge, Levien, Sar- good and Campbell. In addition, the follow ing members of the Legislature occupied seats on the platform, namely Messrs. Shackell, A. Young, Graham and Hall. Mr. W. Gaulton, mayor of Castlemaine, occupied the chair, and briefly introduced Mr. Service, asking an im partial hearing for him. Mr. Service, who was received with loud cheers, said Mr. Mayor and Geatlcir.cn. it is a pleasing thing to meet a friendly audience, and especially when one is in the position of re tiring from public life instead of cnteriug there upon. I feel that 1 could not in courtesy and respect to tlie constituency, or out of respect to myself, give up public life without meeting my constituents at Castlcmaine. (Hear, hear.') I came hero more for t'110 purpose of saying goodbye, at least for a timo, "in stead of making a speech. Gf course, on an occasion of this sort, sonw thing 19 always expected to be said, and in turning over in my own mind what matters I might touch upon at this meeting, I. gradually feit thai- one thing accumulated on the top ot anotheruntil I begun to fear that the time allotted on suelt an occasion as this would not be sufficient to enable me to say all I desired to fell yoti. I don't know whether tlio gentlemen at the far end or tbe room can hear distinctly what 1 say, I regret to stato that I am not in good form, so far as my voico is concerned, this evening. 1 - caught cold last week, and although the cold lias disappeared it lias left me with my old enemy — a relaxed state of the vocal chords. I have no doubt that 1 sl-.a 1 1 have your sympnthy under tho circumstances, and if you will endea vor to natch the remarks 1 make as carefully aa possible, without patting ine to tlio danger. 1 might call il, of straining my voice too much, I shall endeavor to make myself heard as well as I can. A RETROSPECT. On Boxing-day of Hie year 1882 I returned to this colony, after an abseneo of nearly two years, and found 011 arrival that the Parlia ment then iu session had been adjourned for the holidays, and that Parliament never met again, as you are all aware. Sir Bryan O'Loghlcn, tlm then Premier, dissolved "tlie Parliament, at least recommended his Exeei- cellency to dissolvo tho Parliament before tlie House bad auy opportunity of meeting after the adjournment. Ono of tho chief rea sons tor that resolution was put in a memoran dum to the Governor by Sir B. O'Logfileu. that the House had been so obstructive that- it was quito impossible that any business could, be done in it. No satisfactory business could: be done in Parliament, and ho therefore recom mended the Govurnor to dissolve the House and appeal to the country. In the month of February— that is barely two months, about six weeks after my return to tlie colony— I found myself on this platform soliciting' the suffrages of tho electors of Custleniaiue, nnd by- your help and support I was returned on thas occasion as one of your members. A SEASON OF POLITICAL TURMOIL, Having been away for such a length of viuto I laid beou entirely outside of the fighting eirelei and although 1 had kept myself as well iul formed as was possible at a distance, ot the events that wore passing in tho colony, yet. many things had transpired of which 1 had; only a faint idea. I learned, however, one: thing, that tho period from the formation of the O'Loghlcn Ministry up to the time, of the dissolution of that Parliament had been a period of anxiety and trouble— almost of anarchy— in tbo political scene, loth in the House aud in the country, in tbe Housa you had votes of "110 confidence" everv now aud again. No business could bo transacted. Measures of importance to tbe country could, not be dealt with. Estimates of the year wero. untouched ; not oue single lino ot them eotdd lie. passed during Hint session which extended me\\- six or seven months, fhoy worn nCtonviivlii passed, howovor, by tbo present Gorernmeiit " THE EXPIRING I'ARLLAMENT. IVhen the new Parliament came into cxistenco I learned sufficient to know that the cmnitry- was treaty aud sick of tho stato of turmoil rj.'i trouble, which it lmd boon thrown into for a. very considerable period; nnd that the. wh..i« of tho country cast, west, north and south, de sired to get out- of it and obtain a rest, so that tho business of the country nud of Parliament might be transacted iu a proper way. THE FORMATION OF TUE COALITION- MINISTRY. When the new Parliament assembled was found that the Government wore iu a small minority. A formal vote of no conr,,i„IIC0 .va3 moved by me nnd seconded by Mr. Bcrrv. Tlio motion was submitted without a single" speech or a single word, or without njiy arraignment whatever of tlie conduct of the nut-going Ministers ; because wo put it on tlio single and distinct- footing that tlie count rv had pronounced its opinion of tlm Go- vernment, aud all we had to uo was to inoTe a formnl motion that tlie .Ministry possessed no longer the confidence oi tho House, and lmd no longer the confidence of tho country. That motion was carried, and a Ministry was formed— that Ministry whb-h is now in cxistenco, and which 1ms beou ft-eui tho beginning and is now known as tho u Coalition Ministry." (Slight applause.) At tlie outset of its existence, t-hougli there was 110 doubt that tho rns jority of the country approved of tho course which had been taken by Mr. Berry and myself, still there were extremists of both sides who predicted that tho coalition could not last, that it would not work, and that it would soondie. That prediction lmd not been fulfilled. (Cheers.) The Government sinco tlie time it was created, lmd been con fronted with various questions oi a somewhat important character outside of ordinary legis- lation altogether, One of tho earliest with which Government luul to deal was in regard to the Irish informers, v.-hoao arrival on tlio steamer hero aroused tlie indig nation of tho whole country. I think tho action tnken liy tho Government in this matter met with tho approval of tho conn, try and gavo us our first hold ontheconstituen- cies. FEDERATION AND ANNEXATION. Then arose tho question of federation nnd matters connected with Now Guinea and tho islands of New Caledonia nnd tho New Hebrides — tho last meulioned being a place that had beeu looked upon as English property, through tlie continual efforts nmdn there by English mission aries. Tiio annexation of the New Hebrides was threatened by Franco, nnd there was a danger that this nnd other placer would become receptacles for tlie refuse population of European countries. These subjects were dealt with in a manner— judged by tho expressions of opinion made through out the country — which was approved b? the whole of tlie people. T11 connection witli this I wish to here express my grati tude to tho people of Castlemaine, who. during the timo that I have been so busily occupied, tlmt I lmve been unable to visit them as often as 1 ought, lmve never been liackwnrd iu expressing opinion in various ways which tended (o strengthen my hands and those of the Ministry in dealing with questions affecting the colony at lnrce. A GLANCE AT THE LEGISLATIVE" WORK DONE. Now, I want to havo a very hasty run over one or two points. I will endeavor to remit 0 little of the work done, which will afford me ae, opportunity to place the coping stone upon tlm work, liefore going into the work done by tli-j Coalition Government I should say that sinco its inception that Government has done an much in public affairs as ar.y party Government that ever existed. 1 spe-ik now in the presence of my colleagues, and ca:i say that there never was an unpleasant feeling in tlie Cabinet f rom le-giiining to end : never a quarrel. AVo had / differences of opinion, and sometimes 'eonmcd/ heads, but as a rule we never divide/ upon a question, and the feelinx was lb/ although there was a little i"luubt nt / - beginning, because we count from Uie ' W«t, flfrJ tfccrasht firftsm n Mil uU# 6 f intRsfr- at any t?\r< Tr fca _fkg car« oi c-'ir ro?bt. v: -? wr" arfrff-vl try 0B0 fftiin£-tbs? f.v:ti ir.,>u i tr>V- tiiicffh"T with gonffo«,ty. 1 i.n r.holr vf-. f ol fhia f.»V.- net lian brn on" o / .-unify . ral f.fsw. Thir. waq ontsido of Pnriir.irrnt. Put in Vr rfintnrnt, nl weUninth'j country, nlrnoyl nil ftnitnoriiifa diud out. ABOLITION OF FOMIICAL PATRONAGE. Yhcu I addro'«od you .bra I j romliscff you I should do away with the r liti»-ul putrrmai;, which wis a c.iiiU'T in ihc country, ii re- returned. Aftor this timorument assumed fffico, the Railway CoinniUs;oncrs Act and tbo Public Service Act were passed. I well remem ber ono friend, Mr. Patterson, the senior mem ber for Castlomaino, being theiiret man wbo gavo tbc blow to public political patronage by saying, I shall not mairo any appointments on tbe railways, hut will hand it ail over to the men who bavo tho working of these lines." Ho was tbe man, I nav, who struck tho iirst blow against this political patronage. Of course, all that could bo overturned by any Minister coming into office, therefore it was necessary that tbe matter should be dealt by law before tho Railway Commissioners Act enmo into force. On remembering tho condition of things that existed when thero was n vacancy, or when thero was no va cancy, you would find member:; of Parlia ment ruuning about the railway oDices all doy long and every day of the week asltiug for a billet for either their own friends or tor the friends of their supporters. The tiling becamo utterly intolerable. On one occasion 3ilr» Pat terson denounced it, and said that before a member of Parliament went to bed ho had l-o look under it to see if thero war anybody who wanted a billot. (Laughter.) It became, as 1 say, intolerable to members of Parliatneut themselves ; but they could not get out oi it. They went to the Minister and said, " Do this little thing for him ; ho is a smart chap. He has just left school; put #lim in." And Jim was put in. (Laughter.) Perhaps Jim was not wanted, but whether he was wanted or not he was put in. Perhaps he was a smart youth, perhaps he was a mull, and the bigger the nnili' he was the more ditlicuit was it to get rid of hiin ; iu fact, you could not get rid of him. Ho was put tame by political patronage, because ho was the friend of a member of Parliament or of some of tliat mem ber's supporters. Then if there was any com plaint against him the member went to tbo Minister, and snid, " Oh, ho ia a mere boy ; for give him this time ; let him uife': It became notorious m the department that you only had to secure political patronage, and nil things wero possible. You could Keep liim iu as long as yoo liked. THE APPOINTMENT OF THE RAIL- WAV COitAUSSiONEKfc?. "The ordinary rules of biraine s were utterly ignored. From thu fact that the policy of tho railways was completely under tho thumb of tho various ministers comiug into office from time to time, it followed, ug a matter of course, that there was no continuity iu the policy of managing the rail ways. Une wanted to build a large goods shed, another wanted to pull it down ; one wanted to build a big dock, another wanted to ldl it up; and so a lot ot troublo wra caused, and a lot. of money was spent which was almost u'ielejL;. Wo de cided to hand these railways over to a non-political board oi commissioners — a bouy of experts, and this hail the client or securing a continuity ot the business, which has been preserved throughout. These com missioners cannot bo turned out ; they were thero yesterday, they are inure io-day, and they will bo thero to-morrow. There fore, if something ii douu to-day which it would be necessary to hold tliern responsible for next week, they will bo there lo answer for themselves. Then, under Uio old system ueoi- dents wero very irequent and serious, and as a result the loss to iho revenue, as well as the nacrifico of life, was very deplorable indeed. "We have certainly had one or two uceideutH oincc the commissioners look oiiicc, but they have not been frequent, una were of no great importance, and we thiuk, in eonsequouee, there will not oe many more. Now the act nu a wholo maybe eircd as an instance of a well drafted act. it was both thought out and drafted by the Government, and when the commissioners look office mat act was put into their bauds, and they were told ''There is your authority ; there are your instructions. Vou have to go by them and by nothing else." And they have never once applied to the Attorney-General for an explana tion, and no portion have ihuy tailed to carry out, but by tiieir own showing the act has proved an A.ii.C. book to them, and that is a very good thing indeed to show of an net of Parliament, which has to work such an enor mous business us our railway yj- ruem. before parting from tbe rahways 1 w'uni. to mnl: one xtnunrk, although it is not apropos of what I have been nay mg, but it is a great national property which is improving day bv day. 1 waul the people of Victoria to Jay it down its a rule that ibcso railways shall be iuado to pay tho interest on the national debt, and always lo pay it — (hear, hear)—for ns soon as this can be done taxes can be reduced in all directions, and in timo you havo ono of t ho finest properties you could ever wish to possess. If you adopt that principle, and only let f it bo known in jSnglatid, tbe credit of Victoria will bo tho best of any country uador the sun. (Cheers.) THE PUBLIC SERVICE ACT. I want to say a word about the Public Service Act, and a lot has been nnid in tho newspapers to the effect that it is unworkable. Tho Public Sen-ice Association in Melbourne sent :l deputa tion to us tho oiber day, and through their president, Mr. Ellery— a gentleman, who for his great public services, will bo long held in honor end esteem — they wanted sumo changes made iu the administration of tho act, but they also euid that they would like to hoc the act main tained in its integrity. Fundamental objections were taken to the bill, the iirst being a statement made in the preamble that no one was to be introduced to the public service ex cept by means of a coaipeiitivo examination, which was to bo open to every pupil who had passed tho Stnto school examination. Tho second principle was that promotions in the service were to take eff ect only by order of seniority and merit. Tiieso wero tuo founda tions of tho bill, and so far us lu-iuging new hands into tho Rorvico was concerned, it had worked to perfection. Applause. ) No ono had ever objected to tho act, except perhaps ono or two persons, aud of tbeso I will give yon an instance. I recoived a letter from a young man, who wrote I hat ho was ono of those ivho had passed a Civil Service examination souio time previously, and lie had utood seventh on tho lint. Two months after, he had obtained employment under tho Government itt> £70 per year, while there were two other chaps who had stood loworon the list than he did, yet they wero receiving £S0 per year- Tins young man -thought this was rather hard on him, but. 1 think he was a little ignorant and blunt, con trary to tbe habit of young Victoriuus. (Cheers and laughter.) lie said that, ot course, lie knew that tho state of affairs ho complained of was duo to tho act, becauso lie wan under 19 years old, and tho act provided that ho could not start at XdO a year utiles ho was 19 years of age. You see he waa getting xnoro than ho would liuvo been paid in a hank, yet ho was not salisiled. I replied to his letter by saying that J was sorry the other chaps wero older than he was, bur informing him that I was in no way responsible for tho date of his birth. (Laughter.) Then there was another young man who thought he ought to be eligible for employment in the Civil Service because he had passed the matriculation examination. I told him ho would have lo be examined in the ordinary way, and there were plenty of rich wen's boys who could claim Government situa tions if only the passing of tho matriculation examination was necessary. We did not intend the bill to press unduly on the individual, and bo we provided that tho work should be classi fied, aud if au officer was put to a lower class of work than ho had previously been perform ing before the bill beenmo law, ho was not to be paid any less salary. Nume rous complaints had been made, be cause ©very officer vir? 'lally classified his own work, and of course you know -when a man values himself or his work ho is mire to put it pretty high. (Laughter.) There were numerous appeals in consequence agninsi the classification ; some of them made by sheer stupidity, and some by sheer impudence. (Laughter.) The man who went, before the commissioners Raid that ho saw others getting up a peg, and he thought he would try and do tho same. (Laughter.) Alure industrious aud iatelligeut men could not engage in any work under any Government than the i'ublio Service Commissioners. Tho little inutioriug which was heard was only on the surface, arising from minute blisters on the skin of those in office, but had nothing to do with tho life blood of the act ; and I am quite convinced that the people of the colony will iiuvcr go back to the old system. Members of Parliament sometimes said odd and curions thing, which were of little value, aud thought not worthy ot attswer, unless our friends outside the House thought them unanswerable. .Well, I was going to tell you a tury, but I will xeserve it for farther on, and not forget it. THE MALLEE COUNTRY. There were 12,000,000 acres of land which had always been deserted, with the exception of a few settlers, who hung on hoping to re trieve past losses. All that mallee scrub was now leased, one-half for five years, and the other half for twenty years. I am sorry to say that since those leases were issued the seasons have been bad for farmers and squatters, but l am told that, with plenty of water, the mallee scrub become the garden Victoria, and all this will revert to Government--a highly valuable and improved State for the next generation. In addition to tnU 17.900.000 br. l which h.td b-" n |i"»t hfra tnUrn up en has#, ?hit nearly JO.O.O.fr"-?. or m iri,- hnlf th» colony, will r«'Vfrt to tli » fVor/u vatuabto nnd improved, and enough to ;«ay tbc national debt. THE DISCIPLINE ACT. The Discipline Act hn« given tis a live army instead of the old volunteer force, which had become almost defunct. tlAHAYA Y CONSTRUCTION. Uider tho Railway Act the works of con struct too are progressing with greater rapidity than oti any former occasion. The wh.ih of the nnney was passed in the last session of Parliament, and were it not for fear of inter ference with the labor of the colony all the work would bo going on at once. harbor wores. The desire to nee the large ship3 brought up to Melbourne will, after I hirtv years of effort, bo shortly an accomplished fact, in eouj-equenco of tbe construction of tbo sea canal bv the Harbor Trust. the JUDICATURE ACT. Tho Judicature Act has enabled actions at law to bo carried on as if at the equity bide of the court. the mining on private property act. The Mining on Private Property Act, which was rejected six times by the Legislative Council, was, after twenty-dve years, successfully passed into law, and now not an acre ot land was closed to tho miner. Now, tho effect of this act is to do what I have stated, to throw open the whole of the colony to the people of tho colony. (Cheers.) It has been stated fro in timo to time that there were hitches in this Mining Act, aud that it did not work well. Tho best proof that it works well is that it is worked every day. It must bo admitted that tho bill is not what wo desired to make it, and for this reason, that when we sent bills of this sort to another Chamber, that Chamber must exorcise its judgment, as we do. In the exer cise of their judgment nnd wisdom, tbo other Chamber inndu certain amendments ; those amendments did not satisfy the Assomidv, nor did they satisfy tho Government. We tried to get them amended, but failed to do no. Tho question arose, and it was stated by the Attorney-General on the floor of the Houe— J Are we to put this bid on tho Statute Bouk as it is, and nnioud it hereafter, or shall we drop it, as it has been dropped for thn past 25 vears ?" Wo did what has been done a hundred times over ; wo took the bill as wo had it, and it can bo much more easily amended than originally passed in tho future. (Hear, hear and cheers.) THE LICENSING AND FACTORIES ACTS. Then I come to ono or two questions which havo not been received with the same universal approbation as those I have mentioned. I refer to the Licensing Act and the Factories Act. These have been characterised as pieces of grandmotherly legislation. So far as I can tee the tendency of opinion, not only in this colouy but in Europe and throughout all the countries of the world, in America and elsewhere, is that this grandmotherly legisla- lation is coming very much to the front. Mind you, I admit at once that, in respect to manv of the principles in these two bills, tho people in tho country districts havo far less interest that tho people in tho towns have, because the ovlls are chiefly felt by tho City of Melbourne ; aud although there arc Rome points in these bills which do not possess very much interest for tho country districts, yet I am sure tho people «>f tho country do not want to prevent the people of Mclbourno at all events from having such legislation as will make the inhabitaixis oi that city as comfortable and prosperous -as can be. (Hear, hear.) irrigation. "W ell, now, to pass away from what I would call tbe enactments that have been made, I may refer to one other question v.bich has not yet assumed the shape or full form which wo intend it shall do hereafter, that is tho question of irrigation. Now, 1 think 1 may appeal to this meeting, as represemative of the whole country, lo say that in no question havo the Government thrown themselves with so much vigor as into this irrigation question. As soon as tho session before last was finished we sent Mr. Deakin to America : he went to study the question thero, and lie brought hack an amount of reformation perfectly marvellous to bo gathered in so short a lime. He presented it to the people of this country in a shape which created admiration wherever it was read, not only for tho vast amount of in formation ho gave, but for tbo clear and pic turesque way in which he put the whole sub ject before the farmers of this country. (Tlear, hear.) I wish to mention ono particular advantage that instantly resulted from that trip of Mr. Deakin to tho United .States, and it just shows how important it is to have men in high places who havo their eyes about them, who can see what is going on and can utiliso what they see for the advantage of the country. Whoii Mr. Deakin was inquir ing into the question ho found in America that they wero using a sort of iron pipe different al together from the pipo used iu thu country. Here wc have been using cist iron pipes : :u America they use sheet iron, and liioy rivet them together in place of casting them in a mould as wo havo always done in this cohuw. Observing this, Mr. Deakin brought the manor under tho notice of tho Government engineers, and the whole thing was inquired into. Tbe closest approximation of the cost has been made, aud it ban been found that out of .a con tract of £100,000, which tho Government was just on the evo of entering into for the supply of mains in connection with Iho Van Yeah water supply £10,000 could be saved. It was estimated that, under the old system, tho cost would to £100,000, but under tuo new system, which Mr. Deakin drew attention to, these mains will bo got, and will last a great deal longer for tho sum of £60,000 — (cheers) — so that for ono con tract alone of £100,000 there will bo two- fifths of tho whole sum actually raved. Looking ahead into future year, and Feeing the great quantity of mains which will bo required throughout tho country it will at once be sc u wl--» has boon saved by the fact of Mr. Deakin having his eyes about him. THE FINANCES. With respect tohnancinl matters I think T mny refer with some satisfaction to tho condition of tho finances. We have had very ditfieuli times to face in connection with finance since the present Government took office. Tho very first thing I saw as Treasurer was this, 1 had to raiso £8,000,000 of money within about two years, in order to pay off old loans. Well, that was a very Fermus thing to do, to go to tho Londou market so immediately on the bn"k of the loan voted for railway purposes. It caused mo and tho Government tho very deepest anxiety, but tho wholo of tho loan operations wero carried through most successfully, nnd the prcfla and tho people of thn country wore grntif id at tho amount which our loans realised, and tho result was that we wore able to pay off our bonds without any difficulty whatever. Well now wo have brought down for tbo first timo for may yours tho nominal ex penditure on tbo estimates within iho nominal income on the estimates. In former years, and for many years back, it had been tho cu-tom to voto hundreds of thousands of pounds more than tho revenue of tho year ns shown upon tho estimates; that is to say, tho Minister informed Parliament that he could raiso £6,000.000, but ifthellouso liked it might voto him £G,50J,000 for purposes of expendi ture, That was not business at all, but it was done nevertheless. It was quite evi dent that no Treasurer could spend £6,500,000 out of £6,000.000. Tho re sult of it was that groat 6ums wore voted for public works which could not bo uiot out of tho ordinary revonuo of tbc year. Tho Treasurer expended tho money in just the directions in which ho pleased, that is to say in place of carrying out the directions of t lie House. Tho Ilouso having directed him to do what ho could not do, ho hud to. select for him- hoU what ho would do. and exactly to what ex- lent ho would do it. Then the members of Par- iinnient brought influence to boar upon him, and in consequence the biggest beggar got tho biggest share. Lately under this Government we havo maunged to keep tho ostensible expenditure within tbe osteusiblo iucomc,.and tho result U the Treasurer lias his money lo pay awav in tho specified directions, and having done this has nothing in his pocket; nnd members ot Parliament had found that when promised a big vote, if they did not qualify for it, the money lapsed, it was not spent, but went back into the consolidated revenue. We have had the largest floating balances in tbo banks tlurmgour administration that any Government over had, mid tho pleasaiitest foatuvo of tho retrospect is that when the present Government took office our debentures stood in Loudon at £101 5., or £3 or £4 below tho Now South Wales deben tures. They nowstand at £105 10s., and fortbe first timo for many years they had lately actually topped the New fcouth Wales deben tures. We stood at tho top of tbe whole of tho Australian colonics for two on three months, aud I have no doubt we hall do so ogaia. (Hear, hear.) Another feature is well worth mentioning. When wo entered into office we found on the books of tho various de partments no fewer than 435 men of the unem ployed, but under the Government lately uot n man of this kind is employed. In drawing at tention to these things, wo are merely stating facts. No doubt a great deal of our success is owing to the quiet state of the country, which has enabled every man to attend to his own business, and has given a feeling of safety in tbo investment of capital Thvro can be no doubt a nation at peoco is a nation in prosperity. (Hear, bear.) federation and kindred matters. Tbo question will arise, and I think you will bo interested a little ii I tell you the exact poaitiou at the pre en; moment of tho federation 'question, the annexation question and tho New Caiodouian question. «You have nil been watching those matters with so keen an eyo from the beginning that I noed not recapitu late. The resolutions forwaruod to mo by tho TAxinas local bodiuum regard toour action is ax tlmt it I« «pprwlnt»'Jt. nn» in ibi, ! w-slWos : fire cofotiiM of tho Atntr.ilijn jjrvi.i li.vttvunit'M. -n't tM« At rof.t-.iKU ; ' \SU. hjilf i;f tbo j.r.j.sii-.u.t n tttffti I bat all tho colon! had coaii into iho ttnhti. hot ono w:t i j.ivroist- il from diinj «o hv archtent, anothvr from I think' ft mi«ta icon idea of o:.' oi tho MinUlcr at tho helin of (fair, in South ales. I do not knosv exact!? why she did not ccrno in. o I won't My rnvtbMr: about it. beyoud that my own opinion I that it l.> ft great pity rhc aid not come in at first, hut tho will not ion;; remain out oi. it. 1 see iuthio momitig's j.aj.er' toi.'i - thing about tho island of Samoa v.hi.-h will starlit! our Kctv Zealand con-niis. and in reading it they will feel thai lir.d they joined the union they would havo had ft greater influence in Samoan matters than they now havu. Tho first Federal Council meeting is to bo held in Ilobarl on tho 25th in-t., ami Mr. lierry and I are to bo tho Vic torian 'delegates. It will be a very humble be ginning,, but X think it will prove a vory fruitiul one (Hear, hear.) It will be n i ced, which liko a grain of mustard seed, will bo small wheu sown, hut will spring into a great tree, which will onvolop all the colonies. There in power given us iu our Enabling Act for the colonics to bo brought together when they want to como together, al though so long as they do not want to unite they need not. The New Guinea question is oi course a monument of the inaction of the Colonial Secretary, and but for that unfortu nate teleg.ram of Sir Alexander Stuart's, which said tho pnople of Sydney did not agree with the telegram uent by me urging the Imperial Go vernment immediately to nnnox the unoc cupied portion of Kow Guinea, all would havo been right. But this fell like a bomo- Bhell amongst tho Agents-General, nnd strengthened Lord Derby in his policy of in action. He no doubt thought at once, " They don't tigree amongst themselves ; why should I botherf" and llie result was Germany stepped in ar.u snatcneu nway naif the continent. This would always be remembered when future historians write the history of New Guinea, arid words will be used conveying quite as much siorrow and regret ns are uttered at the present day. Besides New Guinea there are other islands, stich as New Britain, which ought to have Allien to our share, but tbey oil went tbe same way, and the only thing we can console oursolvos with is that the Germans are good neighbours, and not likely to fall to loggerheads with us. This, however, is poor consolation. We had a terrible light about the convicts of New Caledonia, but wc won it, as is shown by tho fact that up to tho present moment not a ,sing.o convict has been since sent thero by the French Government,, and in regard to the New Hebrides, which the French oast a longing eye upon with the viow of making those iBlsndsapenalsettlemmt, nothing is to bo dnr.o with them until Australia is consnitod. Well, I look upon the39 steps as keeping those islands from tailing into tho hands of. France lor all time to come, and tin's matter is ono of tho most important in the world to these colonies. The Agent-General some time ago wired to me that tho New Hebrides must go to France. I wired home to him to mr.ko no terms with France; she will never get those islands with our consent. No matter what tbe French Government of to-day may promise, another may come into power next year, and overturn it all. I refused lo concede in the slightest degree in the direction of permitting France to havo the New Hebrides. SILENT MEMBERS AND OBSTRUCTIVES. Now in all this work wo have lad blame as well as praise. It would be no use unless we had blamcrs ns well ns praisors. In this latter Parliament wo have had no reason to complain. Wo havo received an amount of consolidated support such a3 no Ministry ever before received. We wero snn- porled evening after evening by a solid phal anx oi mumooru, di-tcruiiued to carry on tbe business of the country, nnd many of them cairiedon that business more by their siloncu than they could havo done in nny other way. There are men ill tho House "who do not sci.iii to understand that thoy have no right to monopolise all tho time; yet what most bo thought of a member who rises 35 times at out sitting? Frequently Miliisicrshad refrained from speaking rather than waslo time, and members sitting behind tbe Government had also been silent, even nL the rink of not doing full justice to their constituents, rather than delay busi ness; and by doing this tliey did more "for the country than those who gabbled all the time. (Applause.) Tbo members who delayed business wero something like Hnmnn and Mordecr.i. Hainan, you will remember, could uot find com fori because a Jew tat at the king's gite, nnd these members were not linppy because others oeem-io.1 tho Treasury benches. Much of the work which the Government had done his been described ns having been scamped and having been rushed through Par liament. 1 say that there .s no foun dation for those statements. Those mem bers had deliined busiuess, and without rushi-ig it through it would have bee i an im possibility to trans-act it at all. Some members wished tor a stronger Opposition, Mil I took occasion lo remind them one night in the House of the manner in which tbo previous Governm-nt had sat for twenty months, nnd had done really nothing through the strong Opposition with which they were confronted. I say a weak Government is a curse lo the country. (Ap plause.) It is most desirable, oi course, that ail Opposition should be in a |iosition to scan and criticise, but that a Government should be at the mercy of an Opposition is quite mien- di.rahle. Measures certainly could bo im proved by amendments which a very strong Government might, by reason of its strength', refuse to adopt. Many of tiio host mea sures in force in tiio colony have been amended again nnd again; and one gentle men, who has charged us with scamping work, had his name associate 1 with the pa-sing oi" tuo Mining Regulations Act, a measure which itself has been amended twice. The Torrens Act lo facilitate the transfer of land, in tin- passing ot which I had a part thirty years ago, was carried through tho Hoiiso like 'a rack of coal. We copied the -South Auslraliau act, and 35 members promised to rupport Mr. Coppiu and myself, the result being that we carried the bill through without the- aid of the lawyers, and in spite of the opposition of tiro Government and several prominent politicians. Well, now, what- was tho result? Nobo-lv objected, nnd tlieu tho hiwyero came in to help lis to amend tho hill Now, with respect to the Government administration generally, I think I can claim that it has been of an honest aud upright fashion, and the Government has novcr been charged with corruption. No-.v, I will toll you a story. (A laugh.) THE SIXTH .TUDGESHll'. Thero was one member of tho As sembly who frequently slangwitanged tho Government, but whoso assaults had not much eileet, who made a diroct charge against one of my colleagues, I grew warm and asked him if he would stake his reputation on tho i null of the charge. What was tiio iei. ill? lie went, oaisido n< d said to another member, " Was not Service a fool to think 1 was in earnest?" (Laughter.) A good deal of that i-ort of thing is carried on in tho House, but the members are liouleoe.-ved though people in tile gallery may be. That is one of the advantages of sending old mem bers lo tho Assembly, nnd f would have you re member it when the dec! ions eom" on. Wo have been charged witii having perpetrated one of the biggest jobsuvorduiio by placing the Into At torney-General upon the bouoh. It was the biggest job beeauso it -eras perpetrated by both Houses of Parliament. Mr. Iicrferd was complimented on tho floor of the House, and every ono knew that, if tho bill lo appoint a ixlh judge wero passed, Mr. Kor/erd would bdlippoiutud, nnd if the nnmo oi George Briscoe Kcrfeid had boon put in the bill it would have been passod almost unanimously by Parliament as it had been. It has been said that another judge was, not need- d— (hear, hoar)— aud that if liu wero Mr. Ker- lerd was net a suitable man to appoint. Now it will be remembered during the first half of tho year and up to August the papers teemed with reflections upon the Government in eon- sequence of the block in the Supreme Court aud ouo of the leading papers, which by tbe way did not approve of the appointment of Mr. Korlerd, had this sentence, " tho existing block iu tho Supremo Court not only attracts intention.' About tbe same lime a deputation waited upon ineconsistmgof men liko Mr. Webb, Mr. Purees, Mr.(Mouio, the two Davicses and Mr. Dully, anil insisted linn they could not get on unless an other judge were appointed, and we promised to introduce a measure to meet the exigeucies of the case. Wo did so later on, and our bill provided for four appellate judges mid three puisue oues, hut it was introduced late ir. tho session and Parliament had no time to deal with it. The hill iucreused thu jurisdiction of magis trates aud extended the period during which a man might he sued for a debt. It uacd to be one year ; it was akerwards increased to two years, and it is now extended to tho lull period of the Statute ot Limitations. There wereotlier improi ements in the machinery of thu County Courts, aud these improvements were of suen nu important character that one member of the House, Dr. Quick, of Sandhurst, a gentleman learned in the law himself, felt these County Court improvements were so important that be declared he would not vote fnrlhebiil unless they were kept iu it. Tho result was that tho clauses with respect to the appointment of these soren judges were alt struck out, nnd oue clause was put in for the pur pose of simply appointing a sixth judge, 'ihat was noL done by Mr. Kcrfenl. It was done by instructions from myself that that should bo done, and done to carry out what we believed to be the will, uot only of Parliament, but the desire of tbe whole bar and Uio whole institute of attorneys and solicitors. Well, one morning one ot the jiapers came out with the statement that there was no block at all, and tbat the appointment of a sixth judge was totally unnecessary. " A REVELATION." That statement, to use the words of one of my colleagues, fell upou us like a revelation, it had been so drummed into our ours that we must have another judge by all parlies eon- cerii'd that w» n«t«f Uie;i ;hl of ibrp Rlrig tk» '.Irlng. We were con«cio<:« ourt»fc«'tbat th- T.-.-ia a Muck, at,-' th-a' It ?;.> n-crr-vt; it .-.ii In rM «-i. 1 . the lines of T-'hl-h ha.t li,-i Mil bofo?s it «hi time, ili'l rmt i-hntwe to "jiifiip Jim Crow," but laughed at the remark, pawd the bill and passed on. When the bib Went to tbo Upper House they In vitnUil for on" day over it on nccount of this new i-ntcry that arose over the block: and the Law Insti tute. n'nrmed lest the bill would not bo passed, actually present"! a petition to the Upper nouso to pass the bill, showinr. the nb'olui necessity for it in the public int'-rest. Then I think they passe;! the hill by a Urge majority ; but I forget what wan the d-vi-ion. Now, Vn far as the question of a jndco being required is concerned. I havo ' o hesitation in saying that tho Government wero entirely justified in recognising that as a uoc sity. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) The only other question is tho fltness of Mr. Kcrferd for tho position. It is always an un pleasant thing to deal with personal matters, and I know of nothing in iny political life which I regret bo much ns the attacks which have been made upon a gentleman than whom there is no member in either branch of tho legisla ture more highly respected. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KERFERD'S QUALIFICATIONS. Mr. Kcrferd is a gentleman who has been before tho public for twenty-ono years. He has been Attorney-General longer than nil other man. I think I am right in saying that. Certainly longer than any other save one, and I think lie has been lonper than nny other. At all events, he has been a law officer of tho Crown longer than anybody else. He hns been law officer for hair tho term of bis Parliamentary career. For eight years ho has been a law officer oi the Crown. It is generaiiy admitted that he is not a Tool, that he is an apt scholar, and that he is a clover man. I don't care whother a man makes boots or builds ships. If ho has been at that Rortof work for eight or ten years surely ho must acnuire some knnirled-'A of it. Here is a gentleman who has been studying Irw in its most diverse forms, because it comes before the Attorney-General in many forms which hardly ever nppear before the bench or at the bar — at least, very rarely. I notice in a paper to - day a statement showing tbe functions of the Attorney - General, and that statement is very interesting lo read. The duties of the Attorney- General are of a far lnorc variod and higher order than is generally understood, and no one, except a gentleman of high capacity, is capable of per forming them. It has been said that Mr. Ker- ferd has not had much practice at the bar. Well, we. know this, that there are many practitioners before the court who havo been able to get verdicts out of unwilling juries on behalf of clients — practitioners who are clever in that direction, but we should nomoio like to see such men on the .Supremo Court bench than a nameless personage. (Laughter.) There are plenty of these men, learned in tbe law and clever at speaking to a jury, but nevertheless utterly incapable, from the want of a judicial mind, "or from the want of honest purpose, and from tho want of gone- ral intelligence and necessary patience, to occupy a position on the bench. All of these characteristics belong in a high degree to Mr. Kerferd. Besides this, Mr. Kerferd was— and perhaps it is not generally known — for two years in the office o'f Judgo Fellows, and certainly that was one of tho best schools in which a man conlil graduate in law matters. _ Mr. Kerferd when a law officer of the Crown did wlial Mr. Hiirinbotham used todo. Hemadeitahabitnot to takeprivnte busi ness. He devoted nil his time to theduty of his office, nnd stuck to his work. The result was that his work was well done. As Attorney- General he has again and again to send appeal cases homo to tho Privy Council, and, I think, in no case has his opinion been contrary to the ultimate decision of tho Privy Council. (Cheers.) There is that noted ease of Mount and Morris connected with lilackbirding in the Pacific. They got convicted and imprisoned in the Mel bourne gaol, and a point of law was raised. The law declared t hat the Secretary oi State had to nanio the place where these couvicted men wero to be imprisoned. Of course living on the "tiler side of the world, tho Secre tary of State did not no this. Judge Fellows said " these men must go," and these men did go. and escaped. Mr. Kerferd wa3 attacked in the House for having failed in punishing these men, and it was a very narrow shave in the House of defeating the Government on he subject. The following .year Mr. Kerferd, being Premier, induced the House to submit a case to the Privy Council, and tho Privy Coun cil sustained Mr. Kerferd's opinion against that of Judge Fellows. Theve was ntiother case, tbnt of the Rolorua against tho Harbor Trust for some damage done. Mi". Kerferd advised the Harbor Trust to defend that action. They did defend it. The jury found for tho Rotorua, and brought in a verdict of t'6000 damages. The case went on appeal to the Privy Count cil. and the Privy Council again sustained Mr. Kerferd's opinion and reversed the decision of the jury. (Cneers.) Very well, there ws» tliiB hiteacnso of tho Oriental Bank, where the Government had over iMOO.OCO in the hands oi that hank. The question arose wh-ther the Government had a preferential claim, and by careful and astute tnnnagc- nieut, entirely by Mr. Kerferd, the Go vernment recovered all that mon. y and half the interest besides. (Cheers.)" Now these are things which must be explained away. If you see a gentleman capable of doing this, is ho not capnblo of sitting on the bench and giving nn honest and upright decision when peopto like us go before him ? I do not think one-tenth or one-twen tieth of the people of Melbonrne have any sympathy with the abuse which has been heaped upon its upon this subject. Lawyer iffter lawyer has ootne to mo and told me how tcrriiily disgusted they were at this ahtiee. It had boon said that Mr.Kerford is a briefless bnr- rister. btitcnie lawyertold mo that lie had gone over the books of his firm, and found that since 1380 that firm alone had paid Mr. Kerferd 1003 guineas for fees, and I hnow that otiiers liave done tho same. One of tho most respected Supreme Court judges, whom wo all know and respect, voluntarily waited on me, and said that ho was delighted tbat 1 had put Mr. Kerferd on thu bench, as ho would make an excellent judge : and another judge came to mo and said, "If wo are to have a sixth judge I shall be glad to see Mr. Kerferd in tha position. We know more case law than he does, but he knows more statute law than wo do." This shows we were justified in appointing Mr. Kcrferd, and not only so. but also that wo should have dono a grievous wrong had we not given tho appoint ment to hiin who, of all other;, most deserved it, and who had served his country in a way no other man in th" community had nerved it. MP,. KERFERD DID NOT APPOINT HIMSELF. Some people object to the Attorney-General appointing himself to tho bench ; no Atlorney- Gciieral ever docs ko. It is a colloquial way of putting it. Some one might say Sir William Sf aivcli appointed himself Ciiiof Justice, but it would not lie correct. It is a question with the Cabinet, nnd especially a question for thn Premier of the day, booauso the Premier has to sign the judge's commission, and all ho has to do ia to refuse lo sign thin document, and twenty Attorney-Generals could not appoint iheinselres. Mr. Kerferd was put on the bench by the unanimous consent of his colleagues and' almost unanimous consent of Parliament. No man was ever elevated to that position with higher honors than Mr. Kerferd was, nnd in six months timo I von- turo to say people will say there was never / a hetter judgo than Mr. Justice Kerferd J Eighteen or twenty months ago nnothcr gen/ tleiiian was put on the County Court beuclt/ and a lot of people said that was a bad npf pointineut ; but now it was umversallj- ndmitted that lie was one of the best County Court judges on the bench. I have taken a lot of time to refer to this subject as a charge is made against lis. and I thought it bettor to put matters fairly before the country. MR. SERVICE'S RETIREMENT. Having done with the past, let us deal with the present. Up to this moment the Government has commanded . the confidence of the House, and I venture to think the confidence of the country in the bulk oi the measures passed, and in our ad ministration, nnd I believe tho Government might bo justified in saying that it they again went before tbo country in a solid phalanx, and asked them for a renewal of that confidence, tbey would get it, and obtain a substantial majority. (Hear, hear.) But this ia not to be. So far as I am concerned, when I re turned to the colony three years ago I did not intend to re-enter political life. Tbe condition of health of an aged relative of mine was the cause of ray return, hut I wns suddenly pitchforked into politics. I had no idea of having a long reign, because Ministries in Victoria are notoriously short lived, and I looked to a return to England earlier than I have boon able to return. When I left England I left it a year carlior than 1 intended through the cause I have referred to, and laughingly promised at the time to bo buck iu Louden by the Exhibition year — that is this year. However, I havo not yet gone. Early in the last session 1 found the strain of work upon me was more than 1 could stand, and after the budget speech my voice entirely gave war. I was not nblo to enter the House to speak for a month, and, in fact, tbi3 is tbe first time I have made a sus tained speech since. I came here to-night in iear and trembling in case my voice would not servo me but 1 am very glad it haa done so because I waa anxious to tell you about I things. Some people can go three, six and nine years in office and not get tired of it, but I cannot do tho _ work in a half , and half way. I go into the work aud if there is no work to do, I make work. Within tho last three' years the work of the government, owing to its foreign policy, h is been such as was novcr known before, and none of my colleagues, no one on earth, except my worthy secretary, Mr. Thomas, who is here oil the platform, will ever know what labortlie work done entailei I have referred to Mr. Thomas In an unpremeditated manner— perhaps he will r/'t hk" (t.t Tliuu coTiipl'mentii y hl"t, bulk" l a' !'"« my r i , 5 1 1 b t ui mia by nigh! and by rtir— jilnar pr- wit oil reydy loevi'iilt. t> Mig.»<. p. drift and to rmd«r''ik" >vcri! vhiril I Colli, I 1 to! It:'. TC lind«rln|.en. t' .ouil oppiatH!'. I felt tbst it was no tic tnv a!h mp'.iii ; another 'lection campaign, ami this r.n.l mhor things made m" cnnuiudn to retire, nnd w hen we found that Mr. Kerferd and Mr. Berry were eLo about tf» retire wo considered what should im done. You know when iho master of a ship die;) the mate take; charge and takes thu ship into port. Someone must carry on the bu due;; of the country until the electors have the opportnnity of expressing their views, and we would have bv-u unworthy of tho positions we hold it wo had not taken measures to see that this was done, until the country had spoken. W« therefore, when we tendered oar resignations, advised th- Governor that one of the Government — Mr. Gillies— would take tho helm. Mr. Gillios had the claim by seniority in point of sorvice, aud in intellectual capacity ho is second to no one in the House. He has been n pub ic man for many years, and has been a Minister in many Governments. Wo named Mr. Gillies as the proper man to take tho helm, for what is an interim administration, and wo nro uot lo be blamed for tak ng that course. We havo only performed what wns oar boundon duty. Wo know the capacity of Mr. Giilius and the other members of tho Government. We know Hint thoy will not reverse the policy which wo have been carrying on for tho past three years, and which the country has already endorsed. If wo have provided for the Govern ment boing carried on in this way we have done our duty, and tho country cannot com plain. It will soon havo its opportunity to speak. There are questions, such n3 that regarding education, which always come before its at election time, and will continue to do so tor some time to come. Who is there in this colony better quali fied to carry out the Education Act than Mr. Gillies— one or its authors and a supporter who has always defended it ? Then as to irri- gation, who is better than Mr. Deakin? Finally, wo havo in the course which we have taken tho analogy ntlurded by New South Wales the other day. When Sir Aex. Stuart and Mr. Dalloy went out of office they handed over "the reins to Mr. Dibbs, who had been their treasurer. PERSONAL JUSTIFICATION. There is one other remark I wish to make. It has been said that we should havo gone to the country and met the new Parliament and then resigned. Well, a course like that would hake boon undignified nnd unworthy of any Ministry, and would he to deceive the count;/,-. A Government is returned to power on the basis of policy nndperxenftef. If we propounded a policy and promised certain measures and wont "and met Parliament, and then resigned, it would be said that we had played with tbe country, and been returned under false pretences : that we made promises which we could not and did not mean to carry out ; and that wo did it 'for a sinister reason Oue of tho thing3 at which onr supporters have a right to bo vexed is that the Government which thoy have been supporting is.uow to be reconstructed, and personally I feel vexed upon the subject myself. I tnay Etty that Parliament as a whole is as good as yon can get for many a day, and I should like to be in the position of assisting them longer, llut they will feel that the course we have adopted is tli'e only manly aud straightforward ono that was open to us under the circumstances. I have only one word to say with respect to tho future. Tho question has been raised in the conutrv Ii THE COALITION TO END ? Is this coalition system which was started throo years ago to go on, or is it to como to an end? It is for you and tho other constituents of the colony to say yea or nay. When this coalition was first formed it was a clear caso oi two distinct parties coming to gether, thesameastbeinoetingof twodiffercntly colored waters, as you will see iu some parts ot the world. There was a clear perpendicular wall between them cut down, but what wo havo had in Parliament has not been a ooaltion but an amalgamation. That has been the state of things for the last session or two, and the question is — Is that state of things to continue? Is thero anything iu tho interests of tho country that demands that this state of things should come to an end? Has the coalition, as it lias been called, but what I now call an amalgamation, been pro ductive of good to the colony or of evil ? Is it desirable we should call out the old partios aud raise tho old party cries? — in fact that we should try to resuscitate tho evil days of tho past? Well, I say in my opinion— "and now, perhaps, I am going turther than I ought to in speaking of the future, and I have no future politically, but I know you will bear with me when I say that the attempt to resurrect those old party crieB and parties is titlerlv vain. If you could resurrect them, they would only be the ghost ot those parties and party cries. They would bo worse than ghosts, because a ghost is not a bad thing, if thero is a clean sheet aLoul it. - (Laughter.) But in place of resurrecting good, clean - alking ghosts that wo could ad mire and respect., you would resurrect the putrid ci rpsos ot old partios and party cries, aud tbey would be offensive alike to the smell aud touch of the whole people oi Victoria. (Cheers.) A row at the present timo in this colony cannot benefit the country, however ic may benefit a few politicians. There are some politicians who are anxious to get into office. I think I need hardly have used tbe indefinite pronoun 'some.'' I think I might use the word "all." But there are some politicians who are very anxious, and who are always on the look out for a squall, thinking that "on the wings of tho lempesV,they may ride into power, and you will find a tow ot those storm petrels flying about at election limes, and they are firing about now. It is for you, 'after three yours of peace and quietness" either to say good bye to that state of things, or to say — " We aro so satisfied with tilings as they aro that we see no reason whv tbe old cries should be raised again." Thero is nothing to divide the parties now in this House, and thero is nothing in tho country to divido the pariios who will be brought into the new Parliament. When a real caso of strife arises, then is tho time for every man to enter into the strife, and to fight for the party to which ha belongs. Eut there is no strife existing, and cursed be ho who bringetii on strife whoa peace prevails. I mcam to make a few remarks o:i the decentralisation league question, but the hour is so late tbat I am utraid I shall not bo able to touch upon it. I will say a few things that I prepared. It will give an opportunity for others to follow and to correct mo where I am wrong, and to show to what extent this decentralisation question"' has been justified in tbe course which has been taken up. So far as the town rerun the country und the country r emu the town is concerned I do not like the cry to be raised, but if tbe facts justify the raising of tho cry. then it iu the facts and not the persona who raise the cry, which are to blame. THE DECENTRALISATION LEAGUE. I have always been a country member invself, aud I am quite prepared to take up the cudgels ou bohnlf of the country, but what struck me in connection with this league was that it seemed to me a body which was got up without a platform to begin with. (Cries of "No.".) Well there was a great deal ol trouble in making a platform forit. (No.) First let me tell you one or two facts. I know one gentlemen went to Ballnrat, nnd declared in respect to our Elec toral Bill, which was thrown out, that it pro vided ior seven now members for Melbourne faud suburbs, and only three tor the countrv; the truth being, that it provided for live for the country and five for the metro politan districts. Another man said, ns another plank, that the merchants in the inland towns ought to have the right of possessing bonded stores. This is a very re markable thing to make a plank in the 'plat form. Considering pcoplu have had the right ot having bonded Btores in the country for the Inst dozen years. That looks like looking about fur planks. 1 know I am treading on tho corns ot some of my guod humored friends, but I say the leaeue should havo got figures first to marc with, for if they had figures they would stand ou a solid rock. Their programme has been altered twice or three times. I got the completed programme sent down to me, and I think the programme is one that almost anyone in the colony can sign and approve, but it is so awfully vague I do nut see what is to come out of it There is only one thing it it which is definite, and that is about tbo Newport workshops. That is definite enough. But 1 am not going into it, for 1 told tho deputation to-day what I thought about it, and it will be in to-morrow's newspapers. 1 havo prepared a statement of expenditure ia town and country extending over the last ten years, which is as near perfect as I can mnke it in tbe time. It will be pub lished eo that anyone can examine it, and prove it right or wrong. Remembering at the present timo that the population of Melbourne, is slightly more than one-third tbo population of iho country, if Melbourne gets one-third of the expenditure and the country gets two- thirds. tho money will be spent on" the popula tion basis. Tbe statements sbow the following expenditure: — Works and buildings: Mel bourne. XI, 765, 000 ; couutry, £1.668,000; diamoud drills, X87.0C0 to the country ; pros': pecting vote, country. £"50,000; agricultural societies, Melbourne, X7000 , country, £'95.000 ; scab prevention, country, £86,000 ; charitable institutions, Melbourne, £515,000; country, £637,000 ; school buildings. £Y35,G00 : country, £1,070.000 ; maintenance of schools, Melbonrne, £873,000; c"-ntry, £3,520,000 ; free libraries, country, £'-. 00 9; subsidies to municipalities, Melbourne, a.320,000; country, £3.:ll,000; Mining department ; country, £50,000 ; mail services, Melbourne, £120,000, coun try, £960,000 ; water supply, Melbourne, £661,000 country, £1,127,000. Total, Melb.urne, £4,548,000; country, £12,621,000; the grand aggregate of expenditure being £17,169.000. Taking 30 per cent., which wns a low eftimate of whit roe town was entitled to, Melbour. a ought to have received £5,150,000, whereas Melbourne get £600.003 I l'ri. The f xilw.ir rtper diturewa i m M"lb- £1.000.1"-/! I"; tlciii ,1. th, r,,i,ptr I :/ .ric yvii hcirtily I ir v..ur kind and ensrt"«o« at'"" too, a'.d in siyiii,; tie woi.1 f,.t..„ell. ..i.irii 1 lie v.iib 1 ;i!,„ i ii.- 1' 1; i,u ! a|| yn-ir kbuln'", sinco I live l-.'ci : -pre senting j nn. I know I have net l-"i able lo do everything for the cli«tri"t which 1 should bar.- Iik-.l to have ilonc, but I have dene nil i could ( firly and justly do and I nm -nrry 1 have to part r.iih l.'as:!"m-iin \ hat 1 do 'o I > reiurn to England, and I nm c'.-d I leave you i« 1 l.-it my two other c ui<>tiiucneics, tho best of friend-. iChoei n) Mr. J. \V. Hoi word moved— Tlwt tlii nic.-tinr ilr-.r, le , -ti.rsii l:i ,lnc-rc thinks .m l cratltade tn .Mr. J.,:n, s S-rv.iv ior th. -r!f. denying nnd pi-irintle manner In onh 'i Iv lias in S trd the oncrnns duties ot mcuilxr for CnsiLauinc nnd Pre mier of Victoria (Ar plausc.) He spoke in highly cuk,;istic terms of Mr. borvice, whom ho characterised as tho Beaconslleld of the Southern H cni-phere Before Mr. Uorwood had finished there were loud calls for Mr. Horry. Mr. bervico said it was not necessary that the motion should bo nut. The wav the meeting had received and listened to him" was sufficient. (Applause.) Sir. Berry rose in response to calls, and re ceived a very warm welcome. lie regretted that ho was unabis to givo them a couple ot hours, which he would require if hu started— (laughter) — because a speciol train was rait ing and tho time tor its departure had already gone by. Ho had listened quietlv and patiently to Mr. bervico's address, and it had been full nnd accurate, as Mr. Service al ways was. but if ho (Mr. Service) had been goffig for election agnin, he coultl have put more fire into his speech and made it stronger in support of tho Government, nnd the party which had supported it during the last three years. Ho (Mr. Berry) would con tinue to watch the couree of events in thu colony with great interest. Ho had now, as he always had, the greatest confidence in the people of Victoria, who were able to manage their own affairs. Thev would bring tbe right men to tho front ns thev required them, and the men thus selected would manage the business of the colony in a manner which would be tor the progress aud welfare of the entire community. (Applause.) After a vote of thanks bad been passed to the chairman, tho proceedings terminated. 