VRIBLTfiTOns STEWS! The Rev.' (Jakoh Gbketon ' CHaraiiAN Ukity.'— At St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, a large congregation assembled oa Sunday p.wnimr tr- hear the flav. Canon Green on 'Christian Dnitv. The sermon was pre ceded by hymn No. 273, A. and M., ' Behold how good a thins, it ia for brethren to dwell together in unity.' The text chosen was 1 Corinthians L 10— 'Now, I beseech you, brethren, by the name of the Loid Jesus Christ that ye all speak the same thing, an i that there be no divisions among you, bat that ye be perfectly joined together in tbe 8a me mind and in the same judgment.' The preacher said, be was glad to avail himself of the first opportunity since Synod to apeak unreservedly on a subject of great interest, and one. that was likely to be much mh upderstood— Christian visible unity, or a visible unity among all Christians. Borne of them had almost forgotten that this was a thing to be desired. They heard a great dea, I about the valuable rivalry between the de nominations of the Christian Chnrch, and how one stirred the other up to good works. This might be, and he was thankful for it ; bnt it did sot in the least follow that because, good came out of a thing, there fore that thing in itself was good. God, who ruled the world according to His will, made good oftentimes come out of evil, but He did not thereby make evil one whit the less evil. In thinking of unity let them go back to the night bifore our Lord's deatn, When He was with His disciples He thought that in days to come, when He would bs taken away from them, they might misunderstand each other or in some way be separated, and He said, 'I pray for them that they may be one.' And then He thought of those who would be taught by His apostles and be their successors through all time, and continued— ' Neither pray I for these alone, bat for they also which believe in Thee through Thy word, that they all may be one as Thou Father art in me. and I in Thee, that they also may believe in uh, that the world may believe that Thou hast sent me.' With those words sounding in their hearts, surely they were guilty bo far a3 they had forgotten to pray for unity. It waa no slight thing to beseech the apostles in those earnest words. Unity was dear to his heart, but if asked if it existed he must say no. And some said let it be bo. When Christ waa informed that a man was casting out devils he said 'Forbid him not,' and any person who would forbid a Christian man from working in his own way for his Lord would be in terrible danger of coming under his Lord's disapproval. But there waa a great difference in not forbidding a man and joining in with him. What they prayed for was what the Reedeemer prayed for— unity. It would be wrong to hinder others from work ing in waya they might not approve of, yet if the effect of the division of sects was op posed to the mind of Christ, then he was bound to do all he could by fair and Christian means towards the restoration of such Chris tian unity on a sound apoBtolic basis as would lead to one Lord, one faith, one baptism, There might have been divisions in olden times. There was the Church of Corinth. Her people might have met in various places and in different manners, but they were one Chnrch, under one head, and taugnt and held the same doctrines. It was the idea of the apostles that wherever the gospel was preached they were to baptize by the one baptism in the name of the Trinity. They held .the faith as it waa once delivered to the saints. Why waB it not so now? It was the fact and not the reasons that he looked at The Church's children broke away from their mother's side, imagined new doctrines, and established new forms of government, and then when they had a new creed, or no creed at all, they said, ' We are the Church of God now as much as the body from which we sprang.' The Catholic Chnrch had been in the proud pre-eminence given her by Christ, with the water of re generation at her hands, His bread and wine of life for feeble souls, words of peace for sin-stained spirits; and when she saw a man drifting from her side she cried out in all love to him to come back. It waa with feelings of deep responsibility that the Church of England throughout the world had made a Btir with the view of recovering those who were gone from her. They could not expect that all Dissenters were coming back to the mother who bore them, but if that Church could do anything to arouse in the souls of her own children the desire for unity a great advance would be made. There was great darkness in some respects between them, and if they could stretch out their hands into the darkness and grasp hands let them do so for the brotherhood of Christ. If only they heard a man repeating the Lord's Prayer they need not ask if he were a Dissenter, but Bay, ' Thank God, here is a brother Christian, one who loves our common Lord in sincerity and in truth.' They thanked God for that in visible unity, but theywanted more. Christ wanted more when He prayed that they all might be one. He (the preacher) had re nounced his old ideas that it was not in keeping with his office to appear on the same platform with Dissenters, and now was ready, as was a leading official of the Roman Catholic Chnrch in the colony, to appear /at all times with Dissenters on the broad platform of Christianity, as shown in workB of charity. It was the duty of Church people to help in all works such as these. ^Regarding the proposed changes of pulpits, it was not meant that the clergy should preach in dissenting Chapels. He would preach anywhere under certain condi tions, and would rather preach to Dissenters than Churchmen, because he could so well explain to them the Holy Catholic Church. I» was not proposed by the Bishop, but if a Protestant minister could Bee his way to accept the Bishop's licence, if he could sub scribe to the Nicene Creed, he might be per mitted to preach. If dissenting ministers would accept the proposals of the Bishop they would be no longer schismatic, but one witnthem. ; Visible Christian U^ity.— At the Port Congregational Church on Sunday ni-jht the Eev. . J. C Kirby preached on this subject, taking aa his text 'One body,' Epheaians iv. 4. Alluding to the recent Anglican Synod, he said it was a sign that the Holy Spirit had been powerfully at work when several believers in prelacy left off speaking about the sin of schism, aa regarded Dissenters. English history fixed the meaning of the word Dis Bcnter to those Christians who rejected pre lacy, and not merely to those who rejected State-established Churches. Con^reg^tional iste believed that such officials as Dr. Reunion were not known to the New Testament. The Congregational minister was the New Testament bishop. Hen 29 it would be amusing to ask, him, who was a trneNew Testament bishop, to receive a licence to preach from a gentleman whom, as a point of true ecclesiastical law, he did not hold to he a bishop at alL . He had his licence years ago from the Holy Ghost, and that licence had been duly countersigned by properly consti tuted Christian Churches. The great and laudable aim of Dr. Eennion's and Canon Green's speeches waa to favour che visible unity of Christiana. They did not deny the existence of .real unity. There were about 100,000,000 of personB living in Englishspeak ing communitieB. Of that number 14,000,000 were Roman Catholics, and at the oat side there were not more than 20,000,000 of Anglicans. Of the other Protestant Churches there were . 60,000,000. Presby terians, Wealeyans, Congregationalists, and Baptists for generations had expressed their sense of unity, preached in one another's Churches without getting licences, and where convenient administered the Lord's Supper. He had seen a united communion of Presby terians, Methodists, Congregstkm^lis ts, dud Saptiats in Dr. Jeffries's Church in Sydney, and ministers of all the denominations took part in the service. The Separtist Church. which stood apart and up to the present had refused all Bijns of unity with the other Churches, was the Anglican Churchy They had not cone it out of an evil and schismatic heart, but they had been constrained to it by doctrines about, baptism, orders, prelates, which 'like ' a high stone wall had separated them from their neighbours. The: Dissenters ware willing to treat the Anglicans as |they treated one another. If, for instance, BiBhqp Reunion said, 'Well, Reverend Bishop Kirby, will you take the service at the Cathedral next Sunday morn ing, and afterwards give the Communion to the people f he would say, 'Yes. my good Bishop, if you will attend at the Port and Breach and give the Communion.' Readiness for viable unity had been Bhown by the united^welcome given by ministers of all denominations to Dr. Kennion; and lore, which was the fulfilling of the law, de manded that the Anglicans should, a? far as principle 'allowed, reciprocate the kindness. For example, in little places Anglican Churches could close on an evening when the other Churches had their anniversaries, and generally they could--, exchange courtesies in music. Looking further into the idea of unitv in the minds of 'Hi. Kennion and Canon Green, it ineantrthat Dr. Kennion while called Bishop was in. .reality the apostle, and that all Presbyterian, Weeleyan, and Congregational ministers should submit to be reordained. Though. -they were to have large liberties about ceremonies, organization, and preach ing^ the Churches which represented sisty TnJHJQTis were to bend the knee to the Church which, represented twenty millions. But if the sixty millions and all tlie different dissenting clergy jyent into the Chnrch tliey would reform it. All believera in sacramen tariahiBm asd prelacy would have to go out ride and make a new institution. Love waa raity,' arid by passing Ganon Green's resolu tion in support of the Bishop the Synod could xtot fail to promote unity. Dr. Kennion iwould; not, however, get CongregationalistsT to incorporate with him on the basis that by water-baptism men enter the Church of God, for to them the idea was heathenish. His second basis, prelacy, was a human device, and had been a bitter root of visible Echisms from generation to generation. They would not admit two of tbe clauses of the Nicene Creed. Dr. Kenoion said let all Christians unite on the basis of God in Christ ; but all Christiana but the Anglbans and Somanists did unite on that basis. To make one vast visible institution of all Christians would be a horrible misfortune to the human race and an injury to the gospel. Sects kept one another in order and pre vented tyranny and bars to progress while promoting individuality. The idea of one big denomination was not the New Testa ment Yet in Christ there was neither Quaker, nor Romanist, nor Wesleyan, nor Lpngregationalist, nor Presbyterian, for they were all one. The Catholic and Apostolic Jhurch was the sum total of all the true lovers and friends of Christ, Stow Memorial Ohtjbch.— A nine d-iys' mission was commenced by the Rev. J. and Hr's. Mountain at the Stow Memorial 3hurch on Saturday. 'A Revival, and how to obtain it,' was the text of the preacher, who addressed a large congrega tion in an evangelistic sermon, dealing with his ecclesiastical experiences. On Sunday morning following the text was ' Can Bin be forgiven?' and in the evening the Chnrch was crowded again to hear Mr. Mountain, who preached upon John iii. 16— 'For God so ; loved the world that He gave ud His only - begotten Sod, that whosoever be lie red in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life.' The love of God, Mr. Mountain explained, was compre hensive, infinite, universal, and personal. God was not merely a God of power and justice, but a Being who extended to us all lis infinite goodnesB, for our salvation sent His only- begotten Son into the world that we might be saved. The choral portion of the service was conducted under the superin tendence of Mr. Mountain, a-ho presided at the harmonium, and a choir of 150 young voices selected by him sang sweet hymns, in most cases written and composed by the rev. gentleman himself. The subject of to-night's iaddreBS is ' The Great Change.' 