Crumb*. Warming up. The Zoo open daily. Was "Hamlet" mad? Caledonians' monthly. First Cabinet yesterday. Bruce Smith in hot water. Law—The shakels ov liberty. Linden Alec again to the fore. Goodbye to Sir Samuel to-day. Bismarck down upon schnapps. Larrikinism growing at Gawler. Port going to look after its fires. Mashers' relative arrived at Zoo. " Peep o' Day" for the last time. Schnapps to be a State monopoly. Meetings of unemployed resumed. Was Hamlet mad ? No, says Roby.f What was Hamlet's favourite tipple 1 More " Green" spiritualism to-night. More lumpers wanted for Melbourne* German squadron coming to Australia* " Muldoon's Picnic" for the last night. Bald-headed onraug-oatang now at Zoo, Border stock tax lealized £2,560 already. Two boys lost in bush turned np all right- David Bews left behind; overslept himself,. B. C. DeLissa has not forgotten Adelaide. Big rush of mashers to Mr. Min chin's show. Egremont supposed to be en route to Adelaide. Father Woods has explored the Pahang River. Steamers will lay np if seamen go ont oik strike. Colton farmers well-nigh ruined by the rabbits. Boy Pontifex was in the vasty deep on Sunday. Master Simia Satyrus at the Zoo is in want of a wig. Old Bismarck sees there's money in schnapps. Free trips to Melbourne and back for unemployed. The Daily News was the first penny morning paper. Letters for Simia Satyrus can be addressed to the Zoo. Another serpent beguiling one of Eve's daughters. Parson Green ought to reply to "C. Williams." Trinkets don't go down with Portonian yachtsman. All the way from Wallaroo, and then to b* left behind. Health Officer's salary to be reduced; hard line just now. The boa speaking—not the first serpent at that business. Suicidal struggle between labour and capital in Melbourne. Will the irrigation route be marked bydead marines? Woods still irnder the detective eye; Kate still with him. Armies of Greece, Bulgaria, and Servia to be demobilized. Prospect of seamen joining the Melbourne wharf labourers. Ministerial dead marines floating down. Murray to- morrow. Ministers shook hands yesterday for first time after holidays. The G.O.M has bought a new axe; Hawarden trees trembling. Evans, the cricketer, will have a hearty welcome in England. City Gardener again vexing himself over City-roadjplane - tre es. Evans and Garrett have promised to join the Australian Eleven. Concoction and sale of German schnapps to be a State monopoly. It iB diamond cat diamond on the Melbourne wharf just now. Scavenging the Government departments cost the city £120 a year. The waiter did not call David, who a-Bews-d him accordingly. Shipowners are determined to glut the Melbourne labour market Regatta winners wanted something more serviceable than jewellery. Chance for Mr. Robb to get rid o! his Victor Harbour machinery. Not one man in a dozen who reads a speechshould hope to be effective. Poor old blind Frenchwoman lost in the bush at Avoca for five days. Two gaudy macaws from the London Zjo have been added to oar Zoo. Who designed the elegant lawn at the west end of the Local Court? City Health Officer's salary to be reduced —five undertakers in Council. Roby Fletcher has decided that Hamlet was not mad. So that's settled. Parliamentary party off to the Murray; irrigation more senses than one. 15 per cent, reduction on last year's assessment agreed to by City Council. A critic says the Ghost scene with . Hamletwas only a spiritualistic seance. Great labour problems in store both for Victoria and New South Wales. Miser—A wretch who haz dug out niz heart tew sto away hiz munny in. Look out for your morning paper; anxious readers of the " Wanteds" about Melbourne lumpers paying passages of Adelaide men to Sydney or elsewhere. Who will back up Hon. Alec's generous offer to the Norwood Presbyterians? Two lanterns with a dish of vinegar and treacle are death to the codlin moth. German squadron left Zanzibar'for Australia. What's the little game now ? Several of the Newcastle collieries will be stopped if the seamen join the strike. I like mine schnappB Yes; but, old boy,. you will have to pay for them in future. Lawrence Butler, a Queensland prospector,. condemns the Ord River gold discovery., Sun rose at 5.3 a.m., sets at 7.14 p.m. Moon rose at 10. 58 a.m., sets at 11.8 p.m. "The Objector 'is soon to leavens. "If * ye have tears, prepare 1 to shed them now." Bealized wealth of New Sooth Wales,. £190,000,000; ditto Victoria, £178,000^600. Moukhtar Pasha says Turkish troops are necessary to put down Soudanese rebellion. Greeks, Bulgarians, and Servians-to demobilize their armies—no more quarrelling,. Mr. Python Molurus doesn't object to be confined so long as he can get a square meal. " Fifty men per every vessel till further orders"—that's the instructions of the shipowners. What a pity so many naturally good* speakers spoil tfiemBelves by reading theirspeeches. Wharf labourers have so far' outwitted the - employers; bat latter are not to be intimidated. Lucy, the new Editor of the Daily News,. dictates every word of his articles to a shorthand clerk. Another " Leichardt relics" man. Wonderhow many sets of remains the intrepid old Doctor left! A woman, 86 years old, blind, lost in the bush for five days—that's a tale which comes - from Avoca. Shipowners are determined to continue importing labour until they have sufficient for their purpose. A crusty old bachelor says all the old maids (are off to Silverton. Well, perhaps husbands will follow. Can't somebody be given a couple of shil- . lings a week to keep the Local Court enclosure from becoming an eyesore ? A rash critic observes that tbe cause of Hamlet's eccentricity was a habit of taking " wee drappies" too frequently. Sir John Robertson says if public works are stopped in New South Wales, 80,000 persons will be cast on the country. Quotation for to-day—No matter how muchfaculty of idle seeing a man haB, the step from knowing to doing is rarely taken.— Emerson. The first Editor of the Daily News (exactly forty'years ago) was Charles Dickens, who poured out money in lavish and unnecessary expenditure, Hon. Alexander Hay offered the Norwood Piesbyterians block of land, valne £1,500, conditional on the raising £2,COO daring the present year. C OUR COUNTRY MAYORS. i i for CHRISTISON, thorough and jolly; Pindent tune tearfulness, jovial tans folly. 