SdSSIP. ? Melbourne Gossip. By Marmion. Some people are complaining of the preponderance of newspaper men in Mr. Gillies'* mosaic Cabinet. It includes four present or recent members of the Age staff (a fifth is one of the candidates for Castlemaine) and two of the part proprietors of the Daily Telegraph. The Argus is unrepresented in either the Assembly or the Ministry. But then it has always discouraged any of its contributors from entering the political arena, in order to prevent the independence of the paper from being compromised by an actual alliance of the writers with this or that party combination for the time being. The insolvency of Mr. H. Mortimer Franklyn has led to the discontinuance of the Victorian Seciew, after an existence of upwards of six years. Its rival, the Melbourne Review, gave up the ghost at the end of last year, its October issue having been the final one. It is not likely any publisher will be found rash enough to speculate in a similar undertaking for many years to come. But in the mean time Once a Month, which has not aimed so high, and is sold at a much more moderate price, is understood to he steadily gaining ground. The rising generation in this colony, however, cares very little for books or magazines — betting books always excepted. Melbourne PuncJi also disappears this week, and merges its individuality in that of the Bulletin. The first volume of the former now lies before me, issued in 1856, and of the 50 or 60 public men who figure in its illustrations, all but eight are dead, and half of these are in England; while the inci dents satirised seem to belong to the last century* so remote are they trom present interests ana reelings* In the earlier 6tage of its existence the quality of the writing in Tunch was of the best, and its car toons were indifferent, both as regards drawing and engraving. Of late years it has owed its popularity entirely to its generally clever pictures, while the letterpress has been of a very commonplace character. Perhaps 'the new publication is intended to be an improvement en the old in this respect. The importance of the Australasian colonies as a bookmarket for the London publishers is being fully recognised by Messrs. Macmillan, the well-known firm in London and Cambridge, who have just issued a confidential circular to the trade in this part of the world, announcing their intention of preparing a special edi tion of a number of their copyright works for circula tion in the colonies exclusively, each bookseller pledg ing himself not to 6end them to England for sale. When I add that these books are to be sold retail at Is. 6d. a copy in paper covers, and at 2s. in cloth, you will perceive the necessity for such a stipulation. The experiment is a bold one ; but there can be very little doubt about its success. English books are absurdly dear. In Paris 3£ francs is the regulation price, and everybody buys the latest work of an author who is much in vogue. In the mother country such a book is not sold at less than from 10s. 6d. to 31s. 6d., and people are content to borrow them from a circulating library. Perhaps the result of Messrs. Macmillan' s experiment in Australasia may be such as to bring about a radical reform in the publishing trade at home. And talking of books reminds me to mention the very great gratification which has been occasioned here by the handsome way in which Mr. Froude speaks of these colonies, their institutions and their people, in 'Oceana.' 'Praise from Sir Hubert Stanley is praise indeed,' and I should think both Mr. Dalley and Mr. Service must feel themselves rewarded for their devotion to public duty by the terms in which both are referred to by the philosophical historian, whose genuine admiration of the beauties of Port Jackson is in striking contrast with Mr. Finch Hatton's stupid and unjust sneers. Melbourne readers of ' Oceana' do not omit to compare it with Mr. Sala's 'penny- a-lining,' or ' Bhilling-a-lining,' as the case may be, on the same subject, greatly to the disadvantage of the journalist. The descriptions, however, were written for the clientele of what has been irreverently nicknamed the Daily Blatherskite; Mr. Froude' e, for the thinking and educated classes. The statement that Mr. Murray Smith, our late Agent-General, has accepted & knighthood is gene rally discredited by his friends in this city. It ap peared as a telegram in the Age, and has not been confirmed by the Argus, with which paper his posi tion as one of the trustees of the estate of the late Edward Wilson places him necessarily in confidential relations. I know, as a matter of fact, that Lord Rosebery asked him if he would receive the dubious honour if it were offered to him, and the very emphatic maniinr in ivViinli Air. Smith *»*-»]aimprl 'CtnA fnrhiA !'? not only amused the noble Earl, but induced him to drop the subject. The truth is, knighthoods are held very cheaply in this colony, because it is seen that they are bestowed with bo little discrimination as to render the distinction undesirable by men pos sessing a large measure of self-respect. The late J. G. Francis refused one, so did Mr, Service, so did Mr. Peter Lalor, the ex- Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, and it is by no means improbable that a similar ' hor-our ' has been declined by other public men who have kept silence on the subject. Cards of invitation have been issued by the Governor and Lady Loch to the notabilities of Melbourne society, for the evening of the 3rd instant, ' to meet the Bishop of Melbourne and Lady Loch.' The gathering is intended, I believe, as a sort of formal leavetaking of that estimable prelate, who is certainly one of the most popular men in Victoria ; while, at the same time, he never sought popularity. It was extorted by sheer lorce of character, single ness of purpose, and intellectual pre-eminence. I regret to say Lady Loch has been very ill in her mountain retreat. She received a chill, and at one time the symptoms were such as to occasion great uneasiness to Sir Henry and her children, all of whom are devotedly attached to her. She is now much better ; but the weather we have been haying for the last fortnight has been such as to try the , strongest constitutions, the temperature passing rapidly from one extreme to another, and the thermometer falling 40 degrees between noon and midnight. There is something very inexplicable about Hie caprices of public taste in regard to the acted drama. There is ' The Mikado,' for example. It has been an immense success in London, in all the great cities of the United States, and in Sydney. It was, as the French say, ' carried to the clouds ' on the first night at the Theatre Royal, in this city ; but, although it has attracted large houses since, because not to have seen it is to be out of the fashion, it has fallen com paratively flat on the public ear and eye, and 99 persons out of every 100 appear to be incapable of appreciating the exquisite humour and satire of the dialogue, the delicious absurdity of the situations, and the freshness and beauty of most of the music. Those who remember what Melbourne audiences were 25 and 30 years ago complain that they have greatly deteriorated in intelligence, in ..quickness of apprehension, in sensibility, and in artistic culture. We were most of us fresh from Europe then. We had been accustomed to the best of everything in London and Paris and other large cities ; and the foreign element in our population had seen some fine performances at the great opera-houses and theatres of Germany, Austria, and Italy ; and they set up a high standard of judg ment accordingly. But young Victoria has been suckled on opera-bouffe, nigger minstrelsy, and such dramas as ' The Sunny South,' until he seems to have lost the taste for better things. Even an extravaganza by the late Mr. Planche, or Brough, or Bumard.is votedslow, and would require tobe freely sprinkled with allusions to the donkey of the late Mr John Thomas Smith, or to the umbrella of Mr= Mirams, or to the personal defects of some prominent politician, in order to render it palatable to the aver age audience. The same with scenery. Some of Mr. Gordon's finest pictures on the stage will excite no admiration whatever, whereas a ' cloth' painted blue, with a full moon in it, and some perforations in that - portion of it which is intended to represent the sea, with a revolving light behind it give the effect of a rippling shimmer, will 'bring down the house.' One would like to think that this decadence of taste is temporary ; but ? . From all I hear, the forthcoming, exhibition of oil paintings, drawings, and other works of art, executed by the students at the Public Gallery, will be superior both in quantity and quality to that of last year ; and it begins to be evident that there is a con siderable amount of artistic talent in process of de velopment, under Mr. Folingsby's tuition and direc tion. I believe the trustees have it in contemplation to establish a travelling scholarship of £100 per annum, tenable for three years, .to be conferred upon the student who has most distinguished him or her self as a painter, the object being that of enabling the holder to visit Europe, and study in Home, Florence, Paris, Munich, Dusseldorf, or .some other art centre, and thus become acquaintea witn me greax master pieces of Continental art, both ancient and modern. This is obviously indispensable, as otherwise a colonial artist, however clever and promising, will never get beyond a certain point. Accustomed ta measure himself by the mediocrities around him, and unacquainted with the lofty standards of excellence presented in the galleries of Italy, and in the splendid collections to be found in the great cities of other European countries, he will overestimate his own capacity and imagine himself to be a first-rate artist, when, in reality, he is a mere novice. A series of concerts will be shortly given in thiB city of an entirely novel character—-novel, that is to say, in so far as Melbourne is concerned. They will be historical, and will illustrate the development of the divire art from the year 1680 down to the present time. The project meets with the warm support of Lady Loch, and is to be carried out by Herr Pabst, who is pronounced by competent judges to be one of the most accomplished musicians that have ever settled among us. His wife, is a singularly gifted woman. Belonging to one of the' oldest families in Courlaud and endowed with a rare faculty for the acquisition 01 languages, sne is nmsuesa ui me . j-vuswian, Esthonian, Danish, Swedish, English, French, Ger man, Greek, Latin, and Hebrew tongues. When one hears of such extraordinary gifts, one naturally pictures an awful personage in blue spectacles, with ink on her fingers, a majestic countenance, an im posing presence, and an impressive air of pedantry about her ; but Madame Pabst, who is, I believe, a countess in her own right, is one of the most charmingly simple, natural, and unaffected ladies it has been 'my good fortune to meet with in any society, without a shade of assumption, and with nothing but the evidences of refined culture and of an artistic temperament t« lead you to imagine that Bhe ha6 written a good many poems, both in Russian and German, which aip highly appreciated by those best qualified to judge of their intrinsic merits. Death is rapidly removing the few prominent citizens of Melbourne who settled here in the pre auriierouB era. The widow of Sir John O'Shanassy, Mr. Richard Goldsbrough, and Dr. Motherwell have each been seized with what is pronounced to be a mortal illness. In the case of the first the form it take6 is a general break-up of the system ; in the second it is cancer, which is alarmingly on the increase here as elsewhere ; and in the thud it is paralysis combined with natural decay. No medical practitioner that I am acquainted with has been so successful iu combating disease and prolonging the lives of others as Dr. Motherwell; partly, I believe, because he had the smallest possible belief in the efficacy of medicine and the firmest possible faith, in the vis tnedicatrix naiura. _ To establish confidence and cheerfulness in the mind6 of his patients, to explain to them in simple and intelligible language the nature of their ailments, and to point out how by diet, regimen, change of air and scene, they might assist nature in bringing about their recovery, were his favourite methods of treatment. He resorted to mesmerism as an anaesthetic, and to animal magnetism where there was a negative condition of the system; and for these ' heresies,' as they were considered, he incurred the hostility of the majority of his medical brethren. But he held on the even tenor of his way, and he will live in the grateful recollection of hun dreds whom he has benefited. 