WVEALTIH OR WORTH: A SKETCh OF nToO IrUSiANDS. "You see," said Addic Mortimer, "I heave always intended to marry rich." S?he sat there in her luxuriouslyfurnished room, the golden luir oanging down hier back and Iher saplphire blue eyes sparkiling like jewels--the very image of ome radiant Eastern queen. ler dress was of pale blue silk, buttoned with turquoises, beneath tile hem of wliceh peeped out a tiny embroidered slipper, and her slender fingers glittered with the rare and radiant gleams of ruby, emerald,, and mrutlhyst, wlhile ose royal diamond blazed upon thie forefinger of hier left lhand--tlhe mute proclhimer of her rngagemnt. "Yes," said hier cousin, Bell Anderson, "but Laurence Denhollmn is such a bore ! Excuse tthe plain nes of my speech, cousin mine, but I must speak out for once, if I hold my peace forevermore afterward." " Oh " said Addie, carelessly, "I am not offended. I know Laurence isu't a second Sir Isaac Newton." " And his manners are so gruff and bearish," pursued lell. "My dear," laughed Addie, imperturbably good humoured, "a coat of gilding hides all the bresrieric! lIe's worth half a million of money--tlhat is quite suflicient." " But you will always be ashamed of him, Addle he is like a ploughman, and an ugly, stupid one, too." " What does that matter, as long as I have plenty of moniey to spend, thle handsomest set of diamonds in town and a pair of horses suaeh as would make Creasus Ilimself envious?" " But, Addle," said Icll, gravely, "lie will be your husband. You will have to spend all your life with him." "You dear little unsophlisticated goose!" laughed Addie, "thatisn'tthle fashlionable codeatall, nowadays. When you are once married to a man you see very little of him nafterward. I dare say Laurence and I shall get along famously." "Addile!" cried Bell, her pretty brow contracted, and hier hazel eyes flashing a sort of brown lightning; "it's a wicked sin to marry this man just for hIis money-it is ! And if there is no one else brave enough to tell you so, I will. You have broken Edwin Cliff's true, nobleheart; you have sold yourself for mere wealth, and you will one day live to. repents it in sackloth and ashes." "Thlere's necessity for exciting yourself,"said Adeline, sweetly gracious, and smiling as over. " You always were a romantic little entliusiast, Bell, or you would never be engaged to Areisbald Leslic, without a cent of money to set you up in lhousekeeping-a mere briefless lawyer. You may preferto live onlove alone, but I, for my part, should find it rathller a spare diet. It's notling on earth but a difference of taste between you and me,. Bell-that's all. Don't let's quarrel about it, dear; but come down stairs, and let me show you Ihow sweetly my modiste has trimmed that rose coloured satin with point d'alrphqul lace, just the colour of cream. You haven't any dinner-dresses? Well, that comes of love-in-a-cottage. I always did take a more practical view of things." But, in spite of her pretended philosophly, Miss Mortimer did colour a little when, on entering the drawing-room,she foundherbridegroom-electsprawled out on the yellow-damask-covered sofa, Iris heels considerably higher than his head, reading a sporting newspaper. "Laurence, dear," she said, sweetly, "this is Miss Anderson." lMr. Denhlolm nodded slightly, withllout altering his position. " The horses hiave been waiting these ten minutes," he growled. "Dear me!" cried Addile, laughing; "I declare I never thought of our drive through tihe park." "Of course you didn't! That's just like you womnen " said the gracious lover. "Don't be all day getting ready, or I'll go off and leave you. It'sa deuce'of a bore this waiting!" Addie flew to get on her hat and scarf. " Won't you go with us, Bell ?" she asked. "Thank you, no " saidMiss Anderson. " I have no special ambition to be grumbled at by Mr. Denholm all the way." "Oh, that's only hIis manner!" said Addie, coquettislly, adjusting a rose in her hisr. "I .am very, glad that Archio hasn't any such 'manner'," said Bell. And Addio hastened down stairs to coax Mr. Laurence Denholm into good hIumour again, with hlier pretty witchleries and enchanting smiles, while Bell Anderson went hIome to hier owsn lumble dwelling. "I can't understand," thought honest Bell, "how a woman can deliberately sell herself for mere money. LaurcncoDenholm is avicious, ill-tempercd,ill-loosdng fellow, yet Addle is going to marry him next week l Well, well, as grandmamma says, wonders will never cease." She was musing over these things, when the door opened and Mr. Arclhibald Leslie, her plighted lover, came in, a tall handsome, bright-faced young fellow, "Hyperion to a satyr" as compared to Laurence Denholm. " Where have you been 1" he asked, gaily, glancing at tihe little plumed hat in hlier Ihand. "To Addie MIortimer's." "Looking r.t hIer wedding presents, I suppose. Well, caro ssia, do you regret that your lover can't give you neither pearls, diamonds, great hIouses, or opera. boxes!" "Not one particle, Archie," cried Bell, hier eyes flashing half indignantly. "I have you, and thlat is all I want." "My little heroine !" said Arclsie, proudly. "'tis portc--we'll work our way up in thie world yet, and love shall be tile foundation of it all." Thus widely differed thie views, thoughts, and feelings of thlese two young girls, eachl standing on the thlreshold of life. Bell thought Addle was crazy, while Addeio secretly considered Bell a romantic visionary! It was not a luxurious hIome; it was only a cozy parlour, with a crimson carpet on the floor, thie plainest of lair-clothl furniture, warm crimson hangings to the windows, and a bright fire craclding in tlhe grate; but to Mrs. Leslio it was better tshan any royal presence chamber, for slhe sat tlero in the ruddy twilight, with her baby ini hier arms, waiting for Archlo to come home from the office, wlero ihe was already picking up a nice little practice, spite of Addle IMortimer's disparaging remarks; for a man who makes up hirs mind to succeed willbe tolerably certaiin to do so; and Archlibald Leslie was not one to be discouraged by any temporary gloom of adversity. Her face grew radiant with happy wifely pride as Archio burst into the room and caught the crowing baby from her lap asif hie liad been a mnere feather. " How tlhe littlokitten grows !" hlie exclaimed, " and lis chleeks as red asif tioy hIad been painted. IMalnuna, Ibelieve you use rouge on your son's complexion." Bell smiled. "There, give him to me, Archlie, and get ready for tea." She bustled merrily to set the steaming urn on tlhe table, and move tihe big chair whcrer it would be warsmest. " What do you think ?" she said, as fisally ltheIy eat down, wills the baby compliracently staring roemnd fdlee the safe depths of hIis hligh chalir. " I had a lobg letter from Addle Dcnlolmn to-day." "Did you ?" "Yes. She writes from RIome. They are lsivisg ruch a gay tino--plarties alls, la, opelrnss, ill siInanner of fersivities. It imst sut Addlie's ilste exalctly; cil is ionever lhippy exceplt il ai roullld of disspaltisn. Ilit vlshat IIas(Is's y'sou llook io gssVsas anisd asienst, Arhts~ l?" soe interrultld hersrelf to lish, ina sas haIIslesid him his s'sI) of fsa'sgrsst tisi, 'I i was lhihilibIg of Ia llheeofi l s 5Wiwihs I IsatrI o'n1 i hllsitsts Ilusstiy,''I si h issllis'sl-siis \- 111h1 [i 11 ?" 'lust h iss, isirey 1 It lll s'slsss tl I tis. Irsis'sl, fe i ittIh·l. ' nri][lls', i'llsa IsiliI 'Iiii ssll hiss less' I'''O 'lliiisssl 1Its-i, 'h I l 'llel 'i tIII ll'-ii ' sJ)ltllld is iiilsit'hI1 ii Itis 5 lll shi lIts ll ,hi l'tlt Ii h slllstii Iie li'o l l , it ils. haI il i beggar-say, and a beggar who cannot turn his hand to one useful trade, profession, or business." "But is nothingrsecured to his wife P" asked Bell, eagerly. "Not one cent." Oh, poor Addic! poor Addie!" gasped Bell, her kind heart feeling acutely the terrible blow which had come upon hlerbeautiful young cousin. And, involun. tarily, she put one arm round her baby and looked wistfully across at her husband. "No business reverses can reach our house!" was hermute thought. And ArchibaldLeslieread it in her eyes, and smiled back the tenderest assent. Could she but have been possessed of the gift of infinite sight that night, and penetrated into the gorgeous suite of apartments in the Petorelli palace, in Rome, where fMr. and iMrs. Laurence Benholm dwelt, her heart would lhave ached with a still keener pang of pity. Could she have seen Denholm himself, confused with drink, his eyes bleared, his face flushed, and, worse than all, his hand still clenched from the blow he had just dealt the young creature he had vowed at the altar to love and cherish--could she have seen Addiecowering athis feet, in gleaming satin and jewels which seemed to blaze in scintillating fire, her hands clasped pitoeusly together, her lips faintly articulating: "Is it true? Oh, Laurence, is it true?' "It is true !" he uttered, savagely. " Get up, and don't lie sniveling there, you beggar. Yes, we are both beggars now." And lie burst into a discordant laugh. And Addie knew at last thalt the reward for wlhich she had sold herself had turned to dust nndushleswithin her graspl T3'Hr. golden age-- Sweet l6. A Fi r-sovs, --olneo with wings. A noon story is told of a divinity student who, one day at a' examination, being deficient in tebrew, saw with alarm a difficultverse approaching. In despera tion he seized on a youth beside him who was subject to epilepsy, and, althouglh he was that day quite well, carried him out as if lie were at the last gasp, but did not return till the sederunt was over, and " tie dread verse was past " " CAN any one tell what the wind wlistles fore" asked a young man at a picnic. "It whistles for thel leaves to dance by," demurely replied a young lady. Wnur Oliver Cromwell first coined his money, an old Cavalier, looking upon one of the new pieces, read this inscription on one side: " God with us." On ithe other "The Commonwealth of England." "I see," said be. "Godand tie Commonwealthareondifferent sides." A CLOSE Ilace.--Misers. A pAPER mas this advertisement:-"Two asisters want waslding." Thousands of brothers amr in the same predicament. " HAVE anothller oyster, do-they are real natives." "Natives, indeed !" was the wry-faced reply; "the last I hadwas a settler." SiE was an Artless Thing-" There is a ring in those tones," said the girl who had been listening to the sweet whispers of hler lover. "WoEN does a man become a seamstress?" "When lie hems and hliaws." "No." "lWhen hie threads his way." "No." "When he rips and tears." "No:' "Give it up." "h'cNever, if lie canll help it." A PATI'ENT complained to his plhysician that he was pursued by a ghost the niighlt before, as ie wavs going home from the tavern. "What slapeswas it?" asked the doctor. "In the shape of an ass," rleplied tihe man. "Go home," said the doctor, "and keep sober. You were tipsy last night, and friglienied by your own shadow '!" TnE difference between France and Chi at thelo outset of their squabbles was thalt one lhad miuitions of war, and the other admonitions of peace. Two gentlemen are walking up tihe street, engaged. in lively conversation. "Since you lihave soie notion of marrying," said one, " ihy don't you taike Marguerite, your sister's chlarming friendl? S loison angel." "I don'tdispute that; butstie paints." " Oh come now, my dear fellow, lhonestly, have you ever seen an angel that was not painted?' A LhDY is showing a visitor thie family portraits in thepicturegallery. "Thatofmlieretlereithlunifeoii ," she says, " was my great-great-grandfllther. lie was as brave as a lion, but one of the most unfortunate of men. He never fought a battle in which hie did not have an arm or a leg carried away." Thlen she add1, proudly, " iHe tookpart in twenty-four engagemelnts." "AB E you fond of rowing, Miss Smithlers?" Miss Smithlers is a Girton girl, and thie twain wvere out in a boat. "Oh, very fond of it, indeed, I llthink it is such. lovely exercise." "Haveyourowedmnucllhthis seasoni?" "Yes?" Miss Smithers replied, with a little cultured A cough behind her hand. "I have ridden a great deal." Yousoewife: "I anm determined to learn at what hour my husband comes home at nights; yet, do what I will, I cannot keep awake, and lie is always careful nottomako a particle of noise. Is thelre any drug which produces wakefulness 2" Old wife: "No nueed to buy drugs. Sprinkle the floor with lacks." Toe English barrister, Sir Fletcher Norton, wasm a lawyer of fine abilities, but his overwhelming egotism led him too frequently to forget the courtesy due to both bench and bar. On one occasion, whlilepleading in a case in whlich the question of manorial rightsl was involved, hlie said, addressing thie court-"Myiy lord, I can illustrate the point in an instant in myown person. I mnyself have two little manors." "We all know it, Sir Fletcher," calmly interrupted the witty Lord \ifanslield, who was sitting as judge. "Proceed." As anecdote is told of a man who in his time was a Cabinet Minister. Thlero was a great discussion on the question whether a man can marry op three ihundred pounds ayear. All I can say," said tli great man, "is that, whlenIsaid, ' With allmy worldlyigoods I thee endow,' so far from having three hundred pounds, I question whether, when all my debts are paid, I had three hundred pence:' "Yes, my love,":' said his wife; "but then you Ihad your splendid in tellect t" "I didn't endow you with that, madam," sharply retorted thie right hlonourable husband. A TRAVE.LLER tellS a story about iis stopping oat a hotel one night, andbeingkept awake by a man pacing the floor in the room above. Occasionally lie would hiear a moan of anguish; and at hinst hIe went up, like a good Samaritan, to see if lie could relieve the sufferer. " My friend:'," saidthetraveller, gazing sympathetically at the face of the stranger, "what can I do for you? Are you ill?" "No." "Wiot oils you then?" "I have a note for five hundred pounds due to-morrow, and haven't a farthling to pay it with." "Oh, pshlaw!" said thie traveller, "go to bed, and let the other fellow do tihe walking." A stour is told of a provincial tloentre in Ireland where Mlacready was personating flrgniuis. In preparing for the scenein which the body of Dentsatus Is broughlt on the stage, the manager called to the Irish attendant-his property man--for the bier. Pat responded to the callat oncei, and soon returned with a foelming pot of ale, butwas received with a string of anatliemas for his stupidity. "The bier, you block. head !" tlhundered tlheo manager. "And sure isn'tit here?" excslaimed Pat, presenting the higlly polished quart measure. "Not that, you stupid fellow ! I mean the barrow for .Lhtmsatsis." "Then why don't you call thiings by their right name ?"said Pat. "Who would imagine for a moment you meant the barrow wheln you called for beer ?" BUEA BioUuMELhavingtaken it into his hlead, at one time, to eat no vegetables, and being asked by a.lady if hlie had never eaten any in his life, le said, "Ycs, madam; I once ate a pea." leing met limping in Bond- street, and asked what wos the matter, he said lie ihad hurt his leg, and "the worst of it was, it was his favourite leg." Somebody inquiring where he was going to dine next day, was told that hlie really did not know: "they put me in a coach and take me somelwhere? HIaving borrowed some money from a city beau, whlom lie patronised in return, he wais one day asked to repay it; upon whlich hie thus complained to a friend: "Do you iknow what lhas happened ?" "No." "Why, do you lknow, there's that fellow Tomkils, awholent me five hlundred pouds; lie heas had the face to ask me for it, and yet I cnlled the dog 'Tom,' and let myself dine withll him !" "You ihaveo a cold, iMr. lrunimmel," observed a svmpiatlising group. "'Why, do you know," said lie, thlit oii thu Brighton Hood, the other day, the iifidel Westwii (hii' valet) put me into ai room with a dmimp stnuger." "t Cirie up, old fellow !" said the lphysician, "don't be dow'sI-lheartcd. I just came fremu yourriclhuncle's" "hIow is hie, doctor? Tell me thie truthl ! I caull bear tihe worst,' "Thlere is nio need of your feeliiO so hadly. L is coulescing e isevlcig lis out of daaglt"- . "Great Ileavens! " ceslaniled the llophelw, bluri' his face in his handsm ; " is it s had iis that ?" " W\AT is ithoe use of lini i ing so IIIuchI fuss over thle itlo ecentriciicits of othllers at thie tiblo ?"ec'lldilned "Fog', "WI liy sihollh liUIiiiniii lnilliu Iiy iere oiet lie Ila iit tul' tiltioga tlhan lI as i"" l 1ht you ilot r'iiieileuf'f thatlit sonu reiltuso todIIhII withp illsi " siid PinIr1t, ep''.urigl ' lhe lou pt souil, I? i fh'k. '"Hos io' 'i Of ii II I "all I F 11 o f i I, Ii', repli,''l Ftog. l'ori ieO)lt o"'call ru ,aiou e''irylu'oly li,i''lwl ai l'iniP~yIl'O ' lil Sliiiih'i, C1'II -''I i slh'! h li'li. i "r"'Iil l h su ' su-h'w If l lu c i i [+I1htII'1. -) Sl~l'lllllhl /llli lI1IOI',) Ill +.rl'. ;vL\ lhII t|)1 t?1 Blrl?'l, i'' l. .l.- . ", ' ile , u , ' r l"l l Ce , iu' llll a is '1'++ll I lr.IaIl~Ib'd Il1·~ll'+'+ lilt/ 'd 'l l ',+ /Ilw lh*' hol';h',11) 'PI)· i ~l) · q'4'1ll +'llil if,, ,ilrl+l~ h,'dl .~ l+}Hl:11111 11',l M11'11 l~l)'l )1)1,l fir; lt?+ll:..I JY 'Id'l~l' ! Il xl;J?,r oh rl?.J l III'?+ IIIII I#~'a" '+|+. ~ ·') I l~a ? t++ 1+ J t¢ 