NELL BRYCE. BY ROBT. P. WHITWORTH. "You noticed that tall,handsome woman I called your attention to in the asylum to day? ' queried my friend Dr. Macintosh, as we sat in his cozy dining-room one day, smoking the post prandial cigar over a glass of ganerons wine. By the way my friend is : famous for his cellar, and deservedly so, as I have reason to know. I I had that day visited the Danedia Lanatio Asylum with liim, and he had whispered ma to observe one of the patients, which I had accordingly done without attracting her | notice. She was a young woman, not more than twenty-five or six I should say, and had that in her appearane which struck me as ' being extremely remarkable. She was, as (he ' doctor said, "tall and handsome," very handsome, singularly beautiful I should | have expressed it, hut with a weird kind ; of beauty that almost created a painf al senea ■ tion. ! Her hair and eyes were dark, and the latter i large and lustrous, but with that weary, vacant, j far away look, that tells so surely either of > aome great unforgotten trouble, or more pitiful still, of a wrecked mind. > She sat quite still, speaking to no one, j noticing no one. Still and > motionless, j except for a nervous play of the hands, a i kind of ideaseless, and to me, unmeaning in tertwining of the fingers, ceaseless, at all . events so long aa I saw her. | I replied that I had remarked her, and was ■ ' greatly struck with her appearance. "Poor creature," said my friend gently, | "sheis always like that, perfectly quiet, and yet absolutely, hopelessly mad. Her's is a sad, very sad story, should you like to hear it?" "I should of all things," I replied, and then I learnt the story of Nell Bryce. "Six years ago," said the doctor, "there j wasn't a man, woman, nor child for twenty : miles round ~Palmerston who didn't know, or who, at all events, hadn't heard of, Nell Bryce. She waa the daughter of Dan Bryce, a well to do settler living on his extensive I farm between Palmerston and Moeraki, and ■ was unquestionably the belle of that part of New Zealand, not only on account of her re j markable beauty, but also of her wit, spright ' lineBS, grace, and good nature. Not a young 1 fellow all over the country side but would, so : to speak, have gone through fire and water 1 to win a smile from her, while to enjoy the favor of her hand in a dance was felicity Indeed. j It needs hardly be said that she was in great request at all the little feasts and merry ; makings in the district, and, in fact, no ball or party, wedding, or christening was looked upon as very much, unless Nell—everybody oalled her Nell—Bryoe was present, and the j j happy swain who, for the time, aoted as her esquire, was as cordially envied as he was : ; hated by his less fortunate rivals, j Light-hearted, full of girlish fun, qaiok at ■ repartee, saucy, somewhat coquettish even, ; as she was, there was another and deeper \- side to her character, unknown, perhaps, to herself, a latent strength of wUl and fixity | of purpose, whioh it only needed circum ! stanceB to develope. j There is no doubt that she might have \- picked and ehosen at will for a lover, had she i so chosen, amongst the best and wealthiest : young fellows far and near, but she laughed i at them all, and so far was, as the saying goes, 41 fancy free." | Of course she had lover?, or would-be lovers, I by the score, with whom she danced, sang, j drove, rode, and flirted generally, but when : it canw to real, right down love making in earnest, she would none of them, packed them off incontinently, one after the other, with a flea in their ear. But the pitcher that goes too often to the well is sure to get broken* A handsome young fellow named David Cameron, the son of a farmer on the Waikouaiti Downs, was noticed to be more specially favored than the rest ot her suitors, and, in short; ere long, he was acknowledged as her accepted lover. But there were complications. Old Dan Bryoe her father, who had allowed her to have her own way in most things, had some notions whioh were not altogether peculiar. He was a fairly wealthy man, while the Camerons were not by any means wealthy. Then again, old Cameron, though poor, was as proud as Lucifer, and was not inclined to sanation a marriage in whioh, as he put it, " the laddie oanna bring maut for the lassie's meal." Old Dan Bryoe flew into a moat uncon ■aionable passim when the thing was hinted at. " Av coorse, Aileen, my lady," said he, " ye'H do jist as ye loike, yez always do, but niver will ye get my consint, nor a farden of my money najther, nnlil that ould Scotch nagar pats down poind for poand wid me. And that's the price of Daniel Bryce; mora betoken that's poethry, and so there ye have both rhyme and razon." Now neither Nell nor David were exactly fools, and altboagh love in a eottage Is all very pretty in your echool-girl romances, still the hard practical reality is another matter, and they both knew that veil enough. And yoang Cameron was an honor able fellow, who could not bear to think of dragging down a wife, and Bueh a wife, to a life of poverty and domestic drudgery. They must wait for better days. He would go to the diggings on the Arrow and the Shotover, where men were picking np gold galore, and after a time, when he had made a pile, would return again and claim her for his bonnie bride. The old, old, story. They plighted their troth, swore vows of eternal fidelity, and parted. That is the end of many storks, bat not of mine. Time went on. Nell heard from her lover now and again. He was on the Cardrona doing well, making money fast. So he said, and it was true. He and his mates had Btrack rich gold, and in a little while, a few months perhaps, he would come back to her he loved so truly. This episode in her life was a sealed book between her and her father. He might have suspected, but he said nothing, nor did she. Time still went on, and he was still doing well. He would start back in two months he wrote, in a month, in a week. Oh, blissful news. His share came to something over £2000, most of it be had in cash, some in gold. He would start in three days, he would be with her in a week. In a week. In seven days. How those days lagged. Would the week never be over ? Alas 1 alas! Better for her if it never had. \+ * * # • The road, or rather track, for made road there was cone, from the Cardrona was up the river as far as Boundary Greek, then over the range and down the Kirtle Burn to the coach road whichruns through the dark rocky defile known aa the Kawarau Gorge, a defile celebrated for the wild savagery of its scenery even in that land of mountain and of flood, of gloomy pass and rocky fastness. From the Cardrona, under Cruflel Peak, David Cameron, bidding farewell to his mates, started. The track, hard to find, and harder to keep, had no terror for him, for in his belt be bore the wealth he had striven so hard to attain, in his heart he carried the picture of the fair face waiting for bim in the South, and the dismal purple gray of the stark mountains round him was rose-'.inted by the sun of hope and love that illuminated his desolate path. He Btarted, elate with joy and bright an ticipation of haloyon days to come, and was heard of no more until— The week passed, weeks passed, and he , made no sign. The sun roBe and the sun eet.the moon waxed and the moon waned, and he was yet missing, and hope, long de ferred, faded out of the heart of the weary, weary watcher, and as it did, so faded the light out of ber eyes. Hope after hopeless hope, then uncer- , tainty, then fear. And still no word. At last news came, terrible news. A party of diggers bound for the Cardrona,had missed j the track, and at the foot of a huge rock ; abutting on the Kirtle-bnrn had eome on the remains of a murdered man, evidently mur- ] dered, for plain to be seen in the forehead of ' the bleaohed skull, were two clearly defined : ballet holes. His clothing, torn by the hawks I and keas, was in rags, and there was no sign of money or other valuables on bis person. I The eoroner came np from Cromwell, due ! enquiries were made, and a verdict " a man j believed to be David Cameron found murdered ; by some person or persons unknown" ze- • corded, and the poor remains were interred ; in the wilderness where they had been I found. j The police were set at work to discover the i murderers, but with no avail. Perhaps they j did not trouble themselves in the matter ove* ' much, and bo the thing died out. The bodies of diggers found dead in the bush were not so uncommon as to create more than a nine day's wonder. And bo the thing died oat, and Nell Bryoe, the bright, eparkling,light-hearted Nell Bryce, was left with a shadow, the dark shadow of a ! widowed love, on her life. For a time she was as one stupefied. She ; went to and fro listlessly, so performed the , household duties on her father's farm almost ' unconsciously, she lived, but, as it were, in a I dream. Then came the awakening, the bitter awak | ening to the full extent of her bereavement, j and with it the reaction. It was as if his j j blood were crying to her from the ground, j Her brow grew stern, her supple month hard, : j her bright eye wild and haggard. j j . She had but one thought, and on it she j : brooded day and night. Revenge 1 Bevenge 1 ' | on those who had slain her beloved. She i had read of murderers, impelled, perhaps, by ! some stern Nemesis, who conld not but visit and revisit the ecene of their crime, and a strange whim, a wild, mad idea if yon will, took possession of her. She, where the police had failed, would traae the matter out, and where so likely as in the neighborhood of the murder. One day she was missing from her father's honBe. She had taken the down coach for Dunedin, and left a letter for her father in forming him that she had gone away for a month or two, and praying him neither to seek nor enquire for her. from Dunedin she took the coach by Tuapeka and the Clutha to the Clyde and Cromwell, and, so far, all traoe of her was lost. And now came her self- imposed task. Two days after her arrival in Cromwell, the Queenstown coach set down at the hotel near the Soaring Meg in the Kawarau gorge, a dark-haired, dark-eyed girl or woman, who had answered a standing advertisement in the local papers (for servant girls were hard to get in those days) for a barmaid, and had been accepted. It was no sinecure, this place of hers, for the house, on the main road to and from the Wakatipa gold-fields, was mainly kept going by the numerous diggers passing to and fro, and, many of them, " knocking down " as is, or was, the wont of their tribe, their hardly won wealth. In her the landlord and landlady soon found they had a treasure, for Mary Joyce— so she had named herself—while willing and obliging to the rough customers, knew how to hold her own, and had a way with her that kept even the rowdieBt diggers at a dis tance. She was qaiet,reserved, bat invariably civil and obliging. Yet there was something about this pale, Bilent girl that nobody could make oat. She was ever watohful, ever observant, ever seemed to be expectant of something that never oame. And so the days melted into weeks. Of all the visitors to the hotel there was ! one who seemed to puzzle her. He was a tall, cadaverous, ill-looking, meanly-dressed fellow, who need to hang aboat the place for two or three days at a stretoh, then go away for a time, and return again to hang about as before. He seemed, like her, to be expecting some one who never came. On him she j kept, for some reason she could not explain to herself, a constant and wary eye, watching 1 his incoming and outgoing, those he associ ated with, and listening, when she could without being observed, to his conversation. Bat all to no purpose. She had learnt, could learn,nothing. Absolutely nothing. Patience, patience, weary heart. The end woidd oome, did come, and in this wise. One afternoon, this man, whom they ealled Joe the hatter, was standing at the door, lounging lazily against the jamb, smoking, she watching kim as asnal, when she saw him suddenly start, floah op, and torn into the bar-room. Presently a stoat* ieh, red-whiskered man entered from the road, and throwing down a poand note, loudly de clared his intention of shouting for all hands, gome six or seven men who were drinking at the bar. She quietly served the drinks, keep ing her attention fixed on the two the while. , She saw the tall man had paled, ana thai his hands and lipB were trembling nervously. The new-comer, who was somewhat the worse for liquor, was very noisy, and was boister ously calling for more drink, which the land lord, who had come in, was only too ready to serve. Then the tall man, who had sidled up to the stranger suddenly took the opportunity (A whispering something into his ear, some thing which apparently had the effect of sobering him at once, for he too turned pale and staggered as if he had been struck. " What d'ye mean," he shouted savagely, •« and who are you, anyhow ?" " Come outside and I'll tell yon. i ye something for your private ear only," said Joe the hatter significantly,and with a sinister glance into the other's eyes. He oould not meet the look. He was evi dently cowed. " Excuse me for a minute, mates," he said, with forced hilarity, " this man has a little business with me. Fill 'em up again, Boss; I'll be back presently," and the two want oat. .,, What meant this fluttering at the girl's heart ? Had the end come ? Intuitively she felt it had. Was she ready ? Excusing herself to her employer, she flew to her zoom, unlocked her box, and took something from it, then stealthily left the house the back way. Concealing herself as well as she could, she crossed the yard toward the stable, where she conjectured the men had gone. She was right. They were there, and conversing in a low tone. She stole noise lessly round to the door, where, herself un seen, she oould hear every word. " It's no use your denying it," the rasping voice of Joe the Hatter was saying, " I know you, Ned Peters, if that's your real name. I saw you do it. I saw you shoot down David Cameron as plain as I see you now. Two shots you fired, one from behind the rock, and one when he was down, to make sure. I saw you take his belt, and drag him off the track behind that big boulder in the creek. I'd have tackled you there and then, but you were armed, and I wasn't, and I reckon you'd have shot me too. Do you deny it?" " I can't deny it. You're too strong for me. I did kill David Cameron, and now what—Ha 1" What was if? A vision of a girl's white face, a sharp report, a whiff of pungent smoke, a cry of " Blood for blood," and the murderer fell on his face, dead. A rush of feet, pale, frightened men look ing in over the threshold at the prone body, and, standing over it, motionless as a statue, a tall girl in black, her teeth set, her eyes gleaming with a strange light, one hand clenched, and in the other a still smoking - pistol. They spoke to her, but she did not answer. They touched her, but Bhe did not move. Nell Bryce was mad." No one who haB looked into life with honest eyes can have failed to discover that it derives untold values from the love which welcomes its dawn, attends its growth, and advances step by step and soothes and cheers its old age. Human love is itself a pearl of great price. How it enlarges, enriches, and ennobles lifel What beneficent ministries it conducts! What patient heroism and severe self-suppreBBion it inspires! In a mother it is faith, and hope, and patience, and effort, and victory. In young hearts it is a transforming gladness, an awakening to the responsibility and the rapture of life. In manhood and womanhood it is the balm of care, a refuge in temptation, and a source of serenity. I have been more and more convinced, the more I think of it, that in general pride is at the bottom of all great mistakes. All the other passions do oocaBional good; but whenever pride puts in its word, every thing goes wrong; and what it might really be desirable to do quietly and in nocently, it is morally dangerouB to do proudly. A man may be a miser of his wealth; be may tie up his talent in a napkin; he may hug himself in his reputation; but he is always generous in his love. Love cannot stay at home; a man cannot keep it to himself. Like lightning, it is constantly travelling. A man muBt spend it, must give it away. ,The time for reasoning is before we ap proach near enough to the forbidded fruit to look and admire it. MIDNIGHT. AH sounds are hushed, save for the fretful chirp Of some young bird, too crowded in its nest; The very air is still, the tired leaves droop— And each wild thing is steeped in perfeot rest. Afar, I see the towerirg village spire Sharply defined against the midnight sky, Winl", startlingly, twelve solemn strokes, and slew, Proclaim the hour of dread and mystery. Am I, alas 1 the only waking thing— Goaded by thoughts too desperate for sleep ? Not even a ghost to keep me company, J a thid stern vigil I am forced to keep ! We are alone, my soul, with our despair, And you may tell me all the truthB you will— No sophistries of laughing, bustling day C still. But wait—was I to blame? When circum stance Will hedge the best of men, till wild they grow, And, like a stream dammed up, o'erspread the banks And woik destruction in their overflow! Oh! soul, why should you foolishly remain To suffer in this house of narrow girth ? Note the wide spaces in the arching sky, And break the door that priaons you to earth 1 Let us go forth, and leave remorse behind, With all the haunting, taunting shapes of sin; The world's low jibes, the clinging memories That drive us mad with their eternal din. What's that you Eay ? We cannot thus escape, Remorse has now become a part of yon ? Is it immortal, then ? Oh! soul, be kind, And tell me—tell me that this not true! The air grows chill—with dawn the rising wind Mutters and moans amid the Blartled trees; The spire points upward—but the stars have paled, And hope is fled—I shiver in the breeze ! Fannie E. Newberry, 