MY FIRST IMPRISONMENT. (BY WILLIAM T. STEAD.) I.-COLDBATH-IN-THE-FIELDS. Sentence was pronounced, a buzz of eager conversation filled the crowded court. Friends were pressing round the dock, where we had spent so many exciting days, to say good-bye. All was movement, a feverish murmur of many voices. The long tension had given way, last words were being hurriedly exchanged. "Good-bye, good-bye, God bless you!" "I'd rather be in your place than in that of your judge" - it was Mr. Waugh who said that, although I did not, know it at the time from other voices rising from below. "Once more, good-bye." And waving my hand to the excited throng I descended the steps, with a confused vision of horse-hair wigs, eager faces, and a patch of scarlet still lingering on my retina. Down we went, Jacques and I Rebecca and Mdme. Mourez had preceded as-and we were prisoners. We had been below for a few minutes every day of the trial, but now we went further afield. Newgate is a deserted gaol. The long corridors, like combs of empty cells, stand silent as the grave. As we were marched down passages and through one iron gate after another, I experienced my first feel of a gaol. Those who have not been in prison will understand it when they in their turn receive sentence of imprison- inent. It is a feel of stone and iron, hard and cold, and, as in Newgate where the prison is empty, there is added the chill and silence of the grave. The first thing that strikes you is the number of iron gates that are to be locked and unlocked, and the word turnkey seems real to you. Overhead the tiers of cells, with their iron balustrades and iron stairs, rose story after story. It was as if you were walking at the bottom of the hold of some great petrified ship, looking up at the deserted decks. What a sepulchre of hopes it once was, and how many ghosts of the un hallowed dead must walk these aisles and corridors, where rings now but the echo of the clank of the iron gate, the spring of the lock as the warder passes his prisoners along the via dolorosa that leads to the condemned cells. When we reached these grim chambers we turned to the left and entered the warder's office. It was bright and cheerful, and the fire glowed from the. grate like a live thing, after the deadly, chilly mirk of the prison. There we sat and waited, and as the minutes passed, and we waited and waited, some faint sense of the change came over me. At last, after years of incessant stress and strain, and after six months in which every hour had to get through the work of two, I. had come to a place where time was a drug in the market - where time was to hang heavy on my hands, where, after being long bankrupt in minutes, I was to be a millionaire of hours. It was a sudden transition from the busy, crowd-stirring excitement of an existence exceptionally full of life and interest to the dull monotony of a gaol. Suddenly I was summoned out. Our manager had got an order to see me, and I was marched back through the unending passage to a small room, where the interview was permitted. He told me that the sentence began from the first day of the trial, and that consequently I should be out on January 18, and Jacques on November 18. That was good news for Jacques. As for me, my first and only thought was one of satisfaction that after all my presentiment' had been correct. From the day Rebecca was in the witness-box I had declared positively that I was certain to go to gaol for two months. Nearly everybody laughed at me, but I was certain I was right. When I was sentenced to three months' imprisonment I did not under- stand it. Now, however, it was clear. I was only to be in prison two months and a week. I would rather have had my presentiment verified and had an extra month than to have it falsified for a month's earlier release. My visitor left. I was re-conducted to the warder's room. At last the prison van was ready. We were ushered out into the yard. "Look there," said the warder to Jacques ; " see that door, that. is where you will be next time you come here." "What is that ?" said Jacques. "The condemned cell," said the warder, with a grim laugh, and we marched off to the prison van. There we met poor Rebecca, who was in high spirits, and Madame Mourez, whose indignation on being removed after sentence was almost ungovernable. We climbed into the van - not for the first time. We had ridden out from Bow- street in it before, but then all the com- partments were full of prisoners. Now we were alone locked in with the warders. A lamp at one end shed a dim light down the centre. At last we started. As we drove through the prison gates we heard the hoarse roar of the crowd which had waited to give us a parting yell of execra- tion as we left, the scene in which for so many days we had been the central fgures. It was a poor howl, the crowd apparently being small; but like Don Silva in the "Spanish Gypsy," when Father Isidor was hanged, we- knew the shout. For wonted exultation of the crowd When malefactors die - or saints, or heroes. It was the last sound from the outside world which we heard - a curious contrast to the cheering crowd which little more than two months before had fol- lowed us from Hyde Park to North- umberland- street. After ten minutes' drive we arrive, at Coldbath-in- the- Fields. Jacques and I alighted, and the van drove on to Milbank - the woman's prison, where Rebecca and Mdme. Mourez are still waiting the ex- piry of their sentences; Rebecca in good spirits, taking all things patiently, know- ing, as she says, that she deserves the punishment for the many bad deeds she had done in her life, although it is rather odd it should be given her the only time she ever tried to do anything good. Mdme. Mourez, they say, is dangerously ill of erysipelas in the hospital at Milbank. Jacques and I were made to stand in line; and then marched off through echo- ing corridors and the usual endless series of grated gates to the reception room, where some dozen or more fellow- prisoners were already assembled waiting till the dregs had drained into this human cess- pool from all the contribuitory police- stations. We were seated on forms front- ing an officer, who entered our names, emptied our pockets, labelled us, and sent us across the room to select caps and shoes. The night was raw and cold. There was a glorious fire close to the officer, but so far from us as to make us only colder for its sight. The officer was smart, somewhat rough, although not with me; but as we sat waiting an hour in the great empty room with our fellow criminals he became drowsy and, contrary to regulations, the criminal crew began to exchange notes. A wild-looking lariikin whispered to me, "Do you' know how much them wot was in the Armstrong case has got I" I had the pleasure of announcing my sentence, and explaining that we were "them wot was in it," and noting the sensation that followed. "You've got off cheap," said my left-hand neigh- bour. Then came in a broken- down old gentleman who had evidently seen better days. He had been drinking, and smelt it, Although he was sober enough to walk with a stick; When his pockets were searched no fewer than nine pocket-knives were discovered hidden in about as many different pockets. The unearthing of each fresh pocket-knife produces a titter of merriment. "Now, old Dicky Nine Knives," said the officer, "what is your name ?" And the poor dilapidated, red- nosed creature said his name was Mr. journalist! Poor fellow, his journalistic days had been over some time. "Coster- mongers," a prisoner in Clekenwell once remarked, "when times are bad, turn journalists "--a fact which explains many things. Most of the prisoners were drunk. Several might have avoided im- prisonment by paying a few shillings' fine; but when you have not got a six- pence a few shillings' fine is as hopeless as a king's ransom. Pri- somers are allowed to select their own hats and shoes out of a miscellaneous assortment of all sizes. Whether the ordinary criminal head is abnormally small or whether the persons that had preceded us that day were abnormally big-headed men, I do not know; but I found nearly all the hats - dun-yellow glengarries without but- tons or tails - too small for me. At last, after trying some 20 hats which had been going in succession round the score of my fellow-prisoners, I found one which was luckily split open a little, so that by wear- ing it with the back to the front, I could get a tolerable fit. The shoes were another difficulty. They were fearfully and wonder- fully patched.. Some of them were monu- ments of careful industry. By careful selection I got two misfellowed ones which I thought would fit. When I came to lace them, however, I found them nip my feet. so badly that, after trying them two days, I had to get them changed. My new pair were so large I had to fill them up with oakum when I went for exercise, and then stumbled along as best I could. When we had all been entered up, we marched in single file downstairs along passages until we came to the bath and dressing room. Here we were halted, and sent to bath in detatch- ments. I squirmed a little at the thought of the bath from the description of the Amateur Casual, but I was agreeably sur prised. The bath was filled fresh for each prisoner; the water was clean, and although it might have been pleasanter if a little more of tihe chill had been taken off, for it was nearly 9 at night in mid- November, there was nothing to complain of. Your own clothes are then taken away, and a prison suit given you. The suits are allotted in sizes. Jacques, being large and stout was ill to fit, and his toilette took him a long time. As we had come in with drawers and flannels,we were allotted underclothing - fairly comfort- able, although the drawers are short in the leg. Braces are superfluities of civi- lization. So are cuffs, collars, and neck- ties. The prisoners' complete outfit is as follows:--Cap and shoes, selected in the reception room; a pair of worsted stock- ings, even more monumental specimens of industry and ingenuity than the boots which was darn and which was original stocking no one could tell, and in the darning one of the heels had somehow managed to stray half down the boot towards the toe; flannel shirt and drawers; a blue-striped cotton shirt; trousers, waistcoat, coat, pocket-handker- chief, and stock. The stock is a narrow strip of cloth, which buttons round the neck, and over which the shirt collar folds. There is only one pocket in the suit, into which the large, coarse pocket-handker- chief is thrust. The trousers are held in situ by the waistband. At Coldbath the band has only one buckle, and a hole pierced to receive it. If I might make a suggestion to benevolent governors, it is that wherever the single- pronged waist band is used they will pierce' more than one hole in the throng of the buckle. The girth of prisoners differ so much that if there were three holes an inch apart. it would conduce much both to comfort and seemliness. Where there is only one hole, and the prisoner is slim, he has continually to be hitching up his breeches. It is a small reform, and it could easily be carried out. At Holloway the waistband has the ordi- nary double sharp-pronged buckle, which makes its own holes, and this, of course, is the best. But somebody no doubt is wearing my. old breeches. to-day, and although they were of a most lovely hue a fine shade of rich creamy-coloured yellow, plentifully bespattered with the broad arrow-he will, if he be thin.and of an impatient disposition, be often tempted to swear at the absence of means for girthing himself up tight. When dressed complete a small pocket comb is given you and a pair of leather boot laces, an article I never possessed since I gave up wearing a leather bootlace as a watch:guard. When the last loiterer had finished his toilette we tramped back to the reception room, where, after a time, we were taken off to our cells. Before we went, how ever, a tin looking like an old American beef tin with something like paste at the bottom of it and a small loaf of hard whole-meal brown bread were handed to each of us. I thought of the waiter at the London Club, where I had dined the night before, and valour- ously put the tin to my lips, following the example of my neighbours. The viscous fluid crawled slowly down the tin and touched my lips. And there it stopped. Gruel at its best is an abomination. But prison gruel withoutany salt is about as savoury a beverage as the contents of the editorial paste pot. There was salt in my cell, I was told, and carrying our skilly and our bread in. our hands, we were marched off to the reception wing, where we were to sleep that night. The warder who conducted us was a decent fellow. "You had better say good-bye," said he, "you will not see each other again." In this, however, he was wrong. We went to the doctor's together next morning and also to the governor. II. It was when trudging to our cells that the warder told us that the distinction be- tween hard labour and not hard labour prisoners was a distinction without a dif- ference. "If I had to do a turn," said he, "I should prefer hard labour, for you don't do any more work, and you do get a bit more food." As the are very few of the judges who know this, and as Lord Justice Lopes in particular seemed to imagine that by sentencing us to im- prisonment without hard labour, he was giving us a lighter sentence than he awarded to Mdme. Mourez. I will quote here an extract from Sir E. Du Cane's book on convict prisons, the contents of which seem to be unknown to at least one judge on the bonoh: (Extract from Sir E. Du Cane's Notes on Penal Servitude.) "The distinction made by the use of the term 'imprisonment' to denote sentences of two years and under, and penal servi- tude to denote sentences of five years and· upwards, no longer has any significance, nowthat they are both carried out in the United Kingdom; and it is misleading for both classes of prisoners are undergo- ing imprisonment and are equally in a condition of penal servitude. The use of the term "hard labour' in imposing.the sentence of imprisonment, which is not. used in passing one of penal servitude, might also well be omitted, for any prisoner sentenced to imprisonment should be and is by law required to labour under specified conditions suitable to his health and his capacity; and, in fact, except the specific kind of labour called first-class hard labour, defined in the Prisons Act, 1865, as crank, treadwheel, and other like kind of labour, the term 'hard' has no par- ticular meaning, and its employment in the sentence makes no practical difference. Judges ought to serve experimentally for a short term all the varieties of sentences which they inflict. At present they are often scandalously ignorant of the nature of the penalties which they deal out right and left, often in the most reckless. fashion. Lord Justice Lopes, I have sub- sequently heard, expcressed his surprise that a sentence of "simple imprisonment". carried with it all the penalties and in- dignities of hard labour, minus the non- existent crank and the rarely used treadmill. "He is not.the only judge on the bench whose general information on the subject of the treatment of criminal convict prisoners stands sadly in need of a little personal investigation and ex- perience. Here was my cell. As I entered it my first sensation was one of pleasant satis- faction. There was the plank bed. I had heard so much about it from Irish mem- bers, and had so often alluded to it in my campaig in the north,that it seemed almost like an old acquaintance standing up there against the wall. The gaoler explained the whereabouts of the various articles, handed me the bedclothes and a mattress about an inch thick, and then left me to my meditations. The cell was better than I expected - that is to say, it was larger, loftier, and not a bad kind of a retreat, imeasuably superior to all the hermit's cells I had seen or heard of. There was a jet of gas, turned off and on by a tap out- side the cells, the clean scrubbed wooden table and stool, and there also was the wooden salt cellar. Prison salt cellars are of wood, and there is no stinting of quantity. I salted my skilly, and broke the bread into it to soften it, fished it out with my wooden spoon, and tried to eat a piece or two. I unrolled my bedclothes, laid my plank bed down, stretched the mattress, and felt thoroughly glad to be alone after all the turmoil. Here was quiet at least. After a little time I laid down and slept. I woke once or twice and heard the chimes of a clock in some distant spire, and dozed again, with a strange kind of consciousness of the presence of an immense multitude of friendly faces all around me. The en- thusiastic audiences that I had addressed in the north were visible as you see things in a camera obscura, on this side and on that, and I heard the din and ghostly echoes of their cheers in the otherwise un- broken silence of the prison. At a quarter to six the bell rang, and every one was on the alert. A warder opened the door and gave me instructions. I was only in a recep- tion cell (a 2-7), that is to say, in the seventh cell on the second floor of the reception wing. I would have to be taken to my destined abiding place in the course of the day. I need not, therefore, clean out my cell, or attend chapel, until I got into my regular cell. A prisoner swept out my cell. Then one of the principal warders came round. He was a big, kindly man. ",You may have made a mistake," he said, "but you have done a good work." An hour afterwards I heard another voice engaged in conversation with Jacques. Our cells were opposite, and you could hear a voice from across the corridor. I could not catch all that was said, but there was some sneering allu- sion to the Salvation Army, some words about criminal vice, and Mdme. Mourez. Then it ceased, and in a few moments my door was unlocked, and a man with a high hat on, in appearance not unlike a "gent with a sporting turn," looked in. "Well," he said, as he scanned me from head to foot, "don't you think you've got off very cheap?" "To whom have I the honour of speaking?" I replied. "I am the chap lain," said he. "No." said I, "it is the sentence I anticipated, for the three. months I am told will be up in two months and eight days." "I don't know that," said he. "You were out on bail. Your sentence will probably count from date of conviction, not from that of the opening of the court." "That is hard for Jacques," said I, "for his punishment will be thrice as long as he expected. To me it does not matter so much.". "Well," he said, " I don't suppose you will have much need of me. If you have you can send for me." He turned on his heel and disappeared. I never saw him again save in the distance at chapel when he went through the services in a way unintelligible to me where I sat, but I was told he had a remarkably good voice. His name was Stocken. He had admonished Jacques for mixing himself up with the Salvation Army - poor Jacques was certainly guiltless of that crime - how a man of education could have anything to do with such people he, the chaplain, could not understand. Not that he was at any loss, he said, to understand why Jacques and I had gone in for this kind of investigation. "You fellows like to carry on to women and all that sort of thing, but as for criminal, vice we know aill about that here. There is plenty, but it is not committed by the rich, but by the poor." I am particular in mentioning this incident, because this was the only creature whom I met among all those to whose care, spiritual and temporal, I was entrusted who ever said an unkind word. Governors, chief warders, principal warders, and ordinary turnkeys, and gaolers, together with the other chaplains, assistant chaplains, scripture readers, &c.;, were all most courteous and humane, not merely to me, but as far as I coild see, to all my fellow prisoners. No doubt there was no animus, and no intention to do any-. thing but his duty, on the part of the Chaplain Stoken. Personally I make no complaint. I was, fortunately, not depen dent upon that official for the ministration of sympathy. But for my fellow pri- soners, to whom he is the sole official human representative of the Divine pas- sion of love and pity, even for the chief of sinners, I am sorry if he speaks to them in the tone and spirit in which he addressed Jacques and me. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 