THE ONE THING NEEDFUL . BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," &c.; Chapter XXI. (Continued). — "It Means That I am a Bhcte." Mr. Ncstorius went back to the Castle and got rid of the crime and dust of a long railway jour ney, and issued forth from his dressing room re freshed nnd rejuvenated, but he did not stay to luncheon. He left a little note for Lord Lash- ntar to tho effect that he had au appointment in Brumm, and that he would meet hint at half- past threo in the coffee room of the Lion and AAUIIIU, » UVU IUCJ »IWUIU IVgVMIVl iw liui cave of the sibyl. Having thus stolen a march upon Lashmar, and left himself free to pursue his inquiries unhelped and unhindered, Mr. Ncstorius hired a fly in tho village aud drove to Biuinm, where he first took a hasty Inucheon, aud then did threo or four hoars' privnto detective work on his own account, exploring street after street, inquiring closely in all manner of quietly respectable neighborhoods where such a girl as Stella might naturally seek for an inexpensive lodging : visiting tho Free library and interrogating tho librarians ; strolling in tlmt dreary pleasure ground known (VO lUL A VU|JlU d A (U A s I'Ut I t StIUUUv tlllUlll J avoiding just that one long narrow street on the way to tho cemetery, nud that one particular chandler's shop in which the Chupntans had their dwelling place. Ho was weary, disheartened and altogether disgusted with himself at hall-past 4 o'clock, when punctual to the very minute he entered tho hotel coffee room nnd found Luslimai drooping despondently over a locul newspaper. The police had beeu able to tell hint notiiiug It was as it tho eartli had opened ami swal lowed the girl for whom toey were searching. " She must have gone to London, " said Lashmar : "that is the only place in which any one could so completely vanish from hu man ken." Ncstorius knew she had not gone to London, but ho held his peace. They wero alono iu the coffee room, where there was no firo, aud where the ucwly lighted gas was siuging a dismal chorus. "I have been reading her story," said Lash mar. " It is delightful — so new, so powerful — al together fresh, aud simple, and fervent, and truo. Tothink that lloldwood's daughter should lie a genius, and that kiud of genius ! Not a vehe- ment partisan ot Jiamcat politicians, a snrtex- iug claimant for woman's rights, but a poet, a drcamor, a weaver of fancy's most enthralling web. How sho will scorn as and the cage iu which we kept hoc ! How sho will laugh at her tyrants when she has burst upon tho world iu all the charm of her originality, aud has won thousands for her friends ! Such a book must utiiko a hit." ' ' That was what the publisher's reader void me," uuswered Ncstorius quietly. " Publishers' readers ure somotiuics wrong : three or four of the tribe rejected Miss Bronte's Jane Eyre, and it is suid that Vanity pair wont a-begging ; but this gontlemau was very positive. Take my word for it, this hook will go,' he said, -it has all the lire nud freshness of youth, and all tho graco of a highly cultivated style. The writer must have- fed iter fancy with the very finest order of intellectual, food. There is no taint of garbage from tlie first page to the last." Knowing how Stella had been trained by your brother aud poor old Vomer, I thought tiiis criticism argued somo power of judgment on the part of the publisher's render." " Yes, she has boon fod on tho best food. I havo laughod at seeing tier poring over iiouter or Virgil, my tuotuer tout tno that girl knew Milton better than anyone she ever met, except Johu Bright, and that she had Shelley aud Keats interwoven iu Iter memory, Sho lias an extraordinary power of memory, my mother says, - and a fine ear for melodious combiuatious of words. Perhaps she has something to thank her hw/sliip tor u her two years' drudgery as a reader. My mother never cared for inferior writers, and the mill in which Stella worked ground, only tho finest corn. " l "Fate weaves iu a loom whose mechanism wc know not," answered Nestorius gravely. " The education of submission may have been tho best education for genius ; but it wus not a joyous oxperieuco." " No, she lias beeu badly treated. Do you think 1 shall deny that after my free confession this moruiug ?" asked Lashmar bitterly. " I think yon arc full of gcuerous iustiucls— marred by perverted pride," answered Nes torius, with his unflinching air. "I think yuit have treated this girl abomiuably ; 1 think you havo made Iter suffer damnably ; aud that by way of revenge she will make you ihe noblest wife an Euglish gentleman need ever hope to win for himself." " You think she will never ho brought to forgive me?" faltered Lashmar excitedly. " I think you ure both passionately iu love with oach other, aud that it needs hut one look and ono word from you lo heal every wound you ever infiictcd upon that pure aud generous heart." " Oh ! it is you who are goucrous, it is only you who uro.noble," cried Lashmar. " I have lived twenty years longer than you, aud I havo learnt one of tho lessons that timo teaches," answered Nestorius gravely. " I liaTo learnt the wisdom of renunciation. Not another word, Lashmar. 1 am too old for sc-utimcnt. Let us go aud'interview thiswitcli of yours, aud see if she can enlighten us. " Lashmar had liis phaeton at the door, aud they drove off to Thorlcigh common and the tuuddy accommodation lane which led to Sirs. Miuchiu's dreary abode — a houso built iu tiic roigu of George flic Fourth, square, unpiclurcsquc, flat uud uninteresting, such a house as tho small country squire of that uniusthctic epoch deemed all- sufficient for comfort and delight. It was one of those houses of which even the house agent could say nothing better titan that it was roomy. They were shotvu into tho dismal drawing, room. Again no fire. It wus natural tilat the spirits should he iudiffcrcnt to atmosphere, hut Mrs. Minchiu must surely have suffered as a mortal, if ever she sat in that damp aud chillv apartment. They waited about ten minutes, which seemed fifty to Laslmtar's impatience, and then the door opeucd — Lashmar starting at the sound up if it had been the veil of the temple rent in twain, so highly struug were his nerves — and two rutuer cuuiiiiun piacc touRiug tames entered tho room. Tho first was a littlo woman iu a skimpy black silk gown, a sort of gown which such old ladies wear from year's end to year's end till it drops to pieces ; a little old woman with a narrow pinched littlo face, and watery eyes with red rims to them, and a sharp nose. The second was a girl of middlo height, very fair, with insipid flaxen hair, dull uud dead looking as iow, and the most expressionless countenance Lashmar had ever seen. It had no more meaning than a log. If this was the mortal with whom spirits loved to hold counnuuc, they had indeed strange pre dilections, Lord Lashmar introduced himself, and then Mr. Ncstorius. At that distinguished name the little old lady brightened and became slightly flustered ; but the name evolved no ray of intelligence , in tho wooden visage of tho girl. "I hope your lordship's distinguished friend does not come here to scoff," said Mrs-. Miuchin, looking at too distinguished friend, and not at Lashmar. Mr. Ncstorius explained that there was notiiiug further from his thoughts than scof fing. He was a man open to all impressions, au earnest inquirer into all creeds. ft the spirits revealed themselves they would find hint sympathetic. You look it," said the old lady, gazing up at him admiringly. " I can see faith and enthusiasm in yonr face. Begin, Grisclda, begin," she added, with an excitable air. "Your vonng friend's name is Griselda?" asked Nestorius. f " Iler real name is Sarah Anne Curtis," re plied Mrs. Minchin. " Grisclda is the name the spirits gave her when she first came to live with mo. I think it must have been chosen because of her patience in waiting for hours in silence and contemplation It is the name by which she is known in the spirit world." Nestorius and Lashmar were both gazing earnestly at the young lady so baptised. It taxed their faith considerably to be told there could be sympathy and communion between this stolid looking creature and the world of disembodied souls. Never did any hnman countenance seem more of tho earth earthy. " Have you been long in communication with the spirit world? " asked Lashmar. A slight but curions twitching disturbed tbe wooden composure of Grisclda's fnco as she replied, like a faint reminiscence of St Vitus. Griselda told them how tho spirits of the lead had been her frequent visitants from the time she came to live with Mrs. Mincbin ; how ihey had held converse with her, and had re vealed secrets which she dared not impart to y mortal car. She trembled visibly as she spoke of those revelations, and tho twitchings about her pale, expressionless eyes became moro marked. "In all these spirit communications, have you ever received any messago of practical value ?" asked Nestorius ; but this question seemed ontsido Grisclda's power of apprehen sion. She only stared blankly nt the inquirer. " Those communications aro not to be measnrcd by the common standard," said Mrs. Minchin tartly. " If yon mean to ask whether the spirits have ever named the winner of the Derby, or prophesied n rise in railway shares, no — decidedlyj no ; and I should cease to be lieve in them if they lowered themselves by any inch paltering with grosser things." " Then I fear tho spirits will not bo able to help me," said Lashmar. " I am troubled by the disappearance of some ono who is vety dear to mo. Do you think the spirits will tell mo how to find her ?" " Try the slate, Griselda," said Mrs. Min chin, and the medium silently proceeded to obey. First, sho drew forward an old fashioned Pembroke table, covered with a green cloth of particularly Philistine pattern. She took off the cloth and put np the flaps of the table, leaving all clear beneath. Then from another part of the room she brought two ordinary school slates a small basin of water and a sponge, and carefully washed both slates before the oyes of Lashmar and Ncstorins, who watched as intently as if this slatewasliing had been the most delicate of surgical operations. When the slates had been dried, Griselda allowed the neophytes to examine thcin, while she produced a crayon box containing some odd bits of slate pencil, about tho third of an inch long. "Will tho spirits write upon tho slate with one of these pencils ?" asked Nestorius " Ye6, a spirit will write. You can chooso a pieco of pencil," " Thanks ; may I mark it 1" " Certainly." Nestorius took out his penknife and notched " N " upon tho butt end of the pencil. The girl placed four chairs round tho table. Then she put one slate on the top of the other, with tho marked pencil lying in tho hollow splice between tho two frames. Then Mrs. Minchin, Nestorius, Lashmar and Grisclda sat round tho table, holding each other's hands, the medium giving Lashmar her left hand, while with her right sho held the slate under the table, her right thnmb showing above tho table. Grisclda then told Lashmar to ask a question, " Have you the powor to answer my ques tion?" he asked. Thero was no reply. It seemed as if tho spirits were offended at the sceptical tone of the inquiry. They waited for some time in silence, and then the medium suggested that Lashmar and Nestorius should chnngo places ; whereupon Nestorius placed himself next tho medium, and hold her hand in his. Two minutes afterwards they heard a violent scratching on the slate, Wheu they looked at it there appeared the following words : — " Bctwoon great minds in all worlds there is communion. — Nelly." Tho left hand of tho medium had been hold in that of Nestorius all tho time ; the thumb of her right hand was visible on tho table. It was— or seemed to be— impossible that the hand so engaged could have written on tlie slate. Tho message was flattering to Nestorius, but somowhat futile. The signature had a frivo lous air, which repelled Lashmar. " Who is Nelly?" he asked discontentedly. "Sho is ono of my guides," answered Grisclda gravely. " The spirits arc here, and will answer. Ask what you will. Yon can write your question on a slate if you like, aud no one hero need know what you ask." She gave Lashmar another pencil out of her crayon box, and, unseen by tho rest, he wrote bis qnestion on one of tho slates. , "Is it necessary that tho slates should bo underneath tho table t" asked Nestorius. " Could they not bo hold abovo it ?" "Yes," answered Griselda-; "abovo tho fablo if you like." At her direction thoy nil stood up in a circle and held the doable slate abovo tho table. For somo minutes there was silence ; then there came the scratching sound as before, and Lashmar felt tho vibration of the slate as thc-pcncil travelled along it. Then camo tbreo sharp taps with the pencil, signifying that tho messago was finished. Lashmar turned tho slato with feverish eagerness; Tho spirit message was written in a corner, the writing the re versed way of tho medium's position. If she had written those characters, she had written them upside down ; but it seemed to Lashmar and Ncstorins impossible that she could have written them. Stauilingas they all stood, holding the slato above the table it seemed beyond the power of the cleverest conjuror who ever lived, to produce that writing or direct that pencil. "Look for her among the dead !" That was tho message. Lashmar turned white and sick as he rend. Conjuring, trickery, parlor magic, sham of whatever order ihe thing might be, his heart sank within him nt a reply which seemed the fulfilment of his darkest fears. He held tho slato towards Nestorius, pointing to the words with tremulous finger, and the statesman's pnlo check blanched a little as ho deciphered them. ' Have you any other question to ask ?" in quired Grisclda, with nn exhausted air, while Mrs. Minchin looked on rapturously, proud of the effect the spirits had prodnced. "No, I will ask no more," said Lashmar. " It is holding communion with tho devil," /And then lie faltered a hasty expression of gratitude to Mrs. Minchin, looked with undis- gniscd horror at the woodeu-faced medium, bowed hastily to both, and hurried out of the -ootn. " Don't be frightened or disheartened," said Ncstorins when they were in tho hall waiting for his lordship's phaeton to drive np to the jiorcii, " there may ho nothing in it — a mere clever trick, perhaps which we are not able to discover." " Trick or no trick, it is diabolical," mut tered Lashmar. "How came that devilish pencil to put my worst fear into words— a fear I have hardly acknowledged to myself ? Such things must come from direct traffic with Satan. I beein to think our ancestors were not such fools as wo take them to have been, when they burnt witches. And as for Urbain Grandier, I dure say ha thoroughly deserved tbe stake." CHAPTER XXII. — " With Tears, and Praters, axd Late Repenting Love." " Look for her among the dead 1" Thoso words haunted Lashmar liko the cry of tho banshee. They kept repeating themselves in his ear all through that seemingly eternal evening, as ho sat at dinner, e.nd heard tho frivolons babble of his gnests around him, as meaningless as the prattle of a streamlet over its pebbly bod, and later in the drnw- ingroom, where Lady Carminow played nocturne and mazurka, polonaise and waltz, with untiring persistence, expatiating mean while on the merits of a new Hungarian com poser, to a knot of admirers clustered round the piano. " So wild, so pathetic," said one. " Yes, there is a kind of subtle, undeveloped melody," added Captain Vavasour. " Yes, it is undeveloped music," agreed Mrs. Mulcibcr. " That is just tho word. A melody hinted at rather than expressed." " It seems to my uneducated car as if tho man had always been trying to hit upon a tunc anil had never succeeded, like tho hounds on n windy day always finding the scent aud losing it again," remarked Lady Sophia bluntly. ' I am afraid, Lady Sophia, that neither you nor I are educated up to the subtle gradations of modern music," said Nestorious, leaving tho piano. " The touch is too delicate for us — the shades too fine. Wo want the bolder coloring of the old masters. Mozart, for instance. Thero is never any mistake as to what he means. " Lashmar turned his hack upon that group by tho grand piano, and moved restlessly about among tho furniture, now taking up a book from the table, only to throw it down again nnopened ; now standing with his hands in his pockets, staring idly at a vase of Parma violets, or a bowl of late roses. At last the bubblo grew intolerable to him, and he went off to his mother's room. Ho had not seen her since tho morning. Ho had been with her for a few minutes before breakfast, and had found her very low and ner vous, too ill to appear among her guests. " If I feel equal to the exertion I shall go down to dinner," she had said ; hut the dinner hour had come, aud with it a messago from her ladyship excising herself. Lashmar found his mother sitting by the fire in her morning room, with her book table and reading lamp beside her, but with no ap- pcaranco of having been reading. Sho was seated in a despondent attitude, gazing dreamily into the fire. She started at her son's entrance. " Well, have yon heard of her?" sho said at once. " Not a word. She has disappeared utterly. Both Nestorious and I have hunted for her all through Brumm. Tho polico can do nothing to help us." " Then I suppose wo must resign ourselves to the idea that she lias gone for ever," said her ladyship. " She has been very ungrateful." " 0 mother, what causo had she for gratitudo — except to my brother? What kindness have you or I ever shown her ?" " Wo have given her such a homo as she could havo had nowhere else. We have given her the opportunity to educate herself to tho highest point. But for our kindness she would have had to earn her bread by the sweat of her brow. Sho must havo been a domestic servant or a factory girl. " " She would never havo remained a servant or a factory girl. Sbo is a genius, mother." And then. Lord Lashmar told his mother abont the proofs that be had read, and of Ncstorins's and the publisher's praise. " What then ?" asked her ladyship. " That book is tho fruit of refined surroundings, of years of elegant leisure. Do you suppose that in service her genius — if you please to term it genius — could over have been de veloped ? Do you think there arc no gifts strangled and blighted by adverse circum stances — no great intellects among servants and factory girls? 1 tell you she had the strongest reasons for 'gratitude — and yet know ing herself useful, almost invaluable to me — to me, a sick woman, sho leaves mo without compunction, without a word of regret." " Then you do miss her, mother ; you are fond of her," exclaimed Lnshmar, with flushed cheeks and brightening eyes. The dowager looked up from tho fire for the first time, and scrutinised her son keenly. " Fond is too strong a word," sho said; "X like my servants ; 1 become attached to them evcu, wheu they aro useful aud faithful ; but I am never fond of them." "But sho is not a servant ; she is gently born, has been highly educated, is giftc 1 fur abovo other women. Oh, mother, he human if you can. You know this girl lias crept into your heart, however hardly yon may havo striven to keep her out, You know that you miss her sorely, that she has grown dear to you," " Necessary to me, perhaps, Victorian, but not dear." " Yes, sho has become dear to you," pleaded Lashmar, kneeling by his mother's chair, throw ing his arm round her as ho hod done many a ttrno in his boyish dnys when he wanted some indulgence nt her hands, but ns ho bad clone rarely of lato years. " Yes, mother, say dear to you, for my sako. " " For your sake, Victorian f What can you mean ?" " For my sake, mother ; yos, for my sako. This friendless waif, this orphan daughter of a demagogue and destructive, this spawn of the radical gutter is just tho one woman I will have for my wife. It may be that I shall not win her — I who have done every thing to make myself hateful in her oyes ; but if I miss her, I will havo noue other. I will go down- to my grave a woman hater. Yes, tho hater and reviler of such women as Lady Carminow, beneath whose alabaster bosom never glowed one generous emotion ; as Mrs. Vavasour, wlio paints her face a quarter of an inch thick ; ns Ladv Sophia, tho typo of our modern Amazon, who unsexos herself by manly sports uu-1 men's society, and never, from the time she wore pinafores, has thought as n woman ; as smooth- tongued Mrs. Mulciber, time serv ing, self seeking, the trafficker iu society's small vices aud large foibles, garnering up her riches out of other people's worthlessuess. One woman, aud oua only, havo 1 seen straigiit, truthful, original, 'independent ; scorning for- tune when it was nt lier feet, during to live her own life iu the tcelb of adverse circumstances. Sucli an one will I honor and reverence. Sho aud no other shall be my queou." Lady Lashmar looked ut her son's impas sioned fnco with absolute horror. "Is this madness !" she murmured. "Why, I thought yon hated tho girl." " So did I. mother. God knows I tried my hardest to liato her, schooled Invself to believe that I detested her, would not suffer my eye to linger upou lier face, or my memory to recall her gracious presence. Aud yet iu spite of it all she drew me. It has sociucd liko witchcraft ; hut now I begin to understand that it was simple force of character, tho inffucuce of a pure, untarnished soul upon one that had been blemished and clouded by contact with the world. I believe that Providence meant her for mo — that my brother trained her for me — that all things have tended unawares to ouc happy ending — she is to bo mine !" " If you do this thing. Victoriau — if you, my son, with your opportunities, inuiry so far be neath you, I suppose you know that you will break my heart ?" " I know that I shall do nothing of ihe kind, mother sweetest. There will be a feeling of disappointment, no doubt. You wonld have preferred to see tho Lashmar coffers replenished with tho wealth which Danebrook made in the iron trade. You had rather 1 had married the ironmaster's daughter, allreit that cn her father's side she comes from a much lower grade than Boldwood's orphan child. But thisj regret once past, you will rejoice in your new daughter, since sho has been as a daughter to yon already, though you did not know it." There was a pause, a silence which seemed long, Victorian still on his knees by his mother's chair. Ho had been prepared for a violent outbreak, for ungovernable anger ; prepared to hear him self denounced and cast off as an unworthy son. But to his surprise the dowager sat for some moments with her hands shading her eyes and her lips silent. He almost thought that she was weeping. " I have missed her sorely," she said at last, "yes, sorely. She comforted me with that low, sweet voice of hers ; her reading has been a kind of music which soothed my tortured nerves. Sho has been very sweet, infinitely patient, as sympathetic as I would ever allow her to be. But yon are right in your accusation, Victorian. 1 was never kind to her. I was always afraid ot being too kind, of letting her seo how neces sary she was to me. We are made of hard stuff, you and I, Victorian. We come of a hard race, a race with whom pride of birth has been ever a kind of religion. It is difficult to stoop, when such pride as that is bred in our bone, the heritage of a thousand generations. And for my son to marry a girl of no parentage — a domestic in his mother's house !" "Her father wasan Oxford graduate!" " Sly dear Victorian, consider the herds of Oxford graduates, down to the sons of Oxford hairdressers. People will ask who your wifo is. How can you answer them ?" " I will leave the answer to time and tho lady who bears my name. Her beauty and her genius should be an all sufficient answer. But she is not mine yet ; I am talking like Alnaschar. God knows where nnd when she and I may meet. I am haunted by a hideous foreboding, tortured by the maddening iteration of six miserable words." " What words?" " Look for her among tho dead." Aud then he told his mother the story of the slate writing and how he had tried to look upon tho whole thing as a folly, but had been distracted by tho import of words which seemed to interpret his worst fears. " Was it my brain that impelled the pencil ?" he said. "Had my thoughts any electrical power which transmitted meaning through a self acting slate pencil? It seems like mad ness. Lady Lashmar was one of thoso hard, clear headed people who would have looked a sheeted ghost straight in the face on the stroke of mid night, and would hare said, " You are only an optical delusion, and I am not going to be scared by you," Sho smiled in gentle scorn at her sou's simplicity. "My poor Victorian," sho murmured, "to think that you who were once so sensible shoald fill your mind with such follies 1 On the eve.of a general clcctiou, too, when you want all your wits about you." Lashmar walked up and down tho room iu silence, for a few minutes, and then came back to his mother's chair and stood looking down at her. She had resumed her contemplative atti tude, and sat gazing at the fire, in deepest . melancholy. "You aro not very angry with me, I hope, mother," he said softly. She had been a devoted mother to him, con centrating 'all her hopes and dreams upon his image, risking all upon that one cast of the die. He felt that he owed her more' than the com mon duty which all men owe their mothers, "No, Victorian I am not nngry with you. I am only nngry with Fate, which fashions all things so differently from our dreams. To think that this girl, whom we both despised, should have changed tho very current of both our lives. Whnt can I say to you ? If you choose to marry her I cannot hinder you, I am deeply dis appointed, and deeply chagrined, that Is all. I feel that my life has been a failure. " "You will not feel that mother, .in the dnys to come, when my wife is to you as a daughter. When, with God's blessing, yon shall soo her chil dren rise up and call you blessed. Good night ; I will not stay witli you another momeut. Wo have talked too much for your strength already. Shall I send Barber ?" i " Barber." repeated her ladyship with a sigh ; " yes, I suppose sho had better come to help me to bed. - Site is a good soul, but when I am ill sho always makes mo worse." " Look for her among tho dead !" A1 through tho loug, sleepless night thoso words haunted Lashmar with mechanical, senseless repetition. lie ban not allowed Nestorius to know how much that d-'owritiug had troubled him, or the kiudly statesman would have put him out of his pain by somo assurance of Stella's safety. IIo lay there tossing toquiul fro, igiioraut of her fato, imagining every form of horror that a morbid mind can picture to it self in tho dead hours of the night, when shadowy evils aro rife in the overcharged brain. He thought of the river — dauk weeds entangled in tho bluo black hair. Ho thought of tho express eiigiiic thuudoring along the dark rails — a slight girlish form fluug down upon tho iron way — a flnsli, and . tho young lifo annihilated, the very semblanco of beauty gone. And by every ngouy of. fear, by every hour of separation ho loved her so much the more. " Look for her among the dead !" Was it the announcement of somo hideous doom ? Or was it a riddle given him to read? Or was it a chance combination of scratches upon a slate, meaning nothing but trickery and imposture ? Was it for n clever pieco of conjuring tlint he was racking his braiu and torturing his heart ? 