Father Ciimmings on Intem perance. The Rev. Father Cummiugs, S.M., of Sydney, preached a sermon on "Intemperance" in St. Patrick's Church, West-terrace, on Wednesday evening. There was a very large attendance, many being unable to obtain admittance. Before the sermon was delivered the ordinary service was conducted, bis Lordship Bishop Reynolds being present and taking part. The preacher took as hia text, Proverbs xxiii., 29, " Look not upon the wine when it is yellow, when the color thereof shineth in the glass; itgoeth in sweetly, but in the end it biteth like a snake, and it secreteth poison like a basilisk." Man was made in the image and likeness of God. They had learned that at their mother's Icnee, and it was likewise the teaching of the Holy Ghost. "Knowye not," said the apostle, "that our bodies are living temples of the Holy Ghost?" Man was created in the image of God. and that relation ship he was bound to revere and love. Man was also made as a companion to his fellow man, and that relationship likewise he must maintain and respect. He was made to be his own associate, and consequently must recog nise this, and strive to live as h9 should do. Therefore there was between God, a man. and his neighbor a triple relationship, or all is nee. Man was gifted with freedom to act. There was abroad to day a demon, whose boast it was tbat he had discovered the secret for dragging out . of man's very nature this triple cord. He boasted that ha could not only disfigure, but that he could actually obliterate in man this image of God, - and bring him down to the state of the brute beast that perisheth. The name of this dem m was drunkenness. If once a man had been conquered by this demon he no longer bore about him the image and likeness of his Maker. This was the saying of the Fathers of the Church of the Saints of God. St. Augustine said "drunkenness is the origin and source of every viceSt. Basil called it the instigator of every crime ; and St. Jerome said it was the cause of every foul crime that unmans a man. See the drunkard as he reels forth into the street; where was his humanity ? He could not conceive a single idea, or give it expression; his only words were senseless babblings, or meaningless blasphemy. Could any love find entrance into a heart thus. i aturateel with everything that is bad ? N othing could come to a heart of this kind, unless it be that mockery of love, the horrible vice of impurity. Where was the freedom of the drunkard ? He cannot stand, move, or guide himself. He is weaker than the little infant. Such a man was net a man, but a monster in creation, who has~caat aside the robe of his humanity. He ha3 gone lower than the beast of the field, who knows his master and his place, while the drunkard can neither see. nor feel. Did the drunkard love his God, by whom he was created? No; it was impossible for him to know, love, or. serve God. He had cast God aside and wor shipped foul idols, or in the words of St. Paul "hehas made hi3 belly his god." OuSaturday night when he should be the joy and centre of bis little family he is grovelliDg in the bar, only to reel home intoxicated later on. On the next day he rises unfit to prosecute the duties of the Sabbath. Does he love his father and mother ? No, it was impossible; nor could he love his family, or he would never raise his unnatural hand to strike his wife, or see nia little children wanting for food. All the precepts of the decalogue were broken by him. Such was the unfortunate man who allows himself to be drawn away by the terrible sin of drunkenness. The archfiend had drawn out of the very fibres of_ his nature the know ledge which God gave him to guide him in his duties, Two years ago a priest on the London mission was called out to visit a little girl dying of consumption. He found her in a little cottage, and when the door wa3 opened he was almost stifled by the poisoned atmo sphere which he-felt. He heard the low.wail | ing of a child, mingled with the moans of a woman, In a furnitnreless room on a pallet of straw was a little girl once fair and beau-. . tiful; suffering had comeupon her and ravaged her form. Close by on a heap of rags sat a poor woman with a child at her breast, leaning her head against the cold, bare wall. Near by were two little boys with their feet in the grate seeking to draw some warmth from the i dying embers. Looking down the room, on a 1 kind of ladder like a staircase, lay the form of a drunken man. He had sworn at God's altar to protect his wife, and bring up his children to know and love Him. How horrible was a vice which steels the hearts _ of father and mother against the children of their own bosoms ! Drunkenness destroyed the re lationship that should exist between man and his neighbor; evtn his relationship to himself. He had drawn himself to the lowest depths of degradation, with every part of his body diseased, Neither his head nor heart would function, for nothing: tended more to destroy even a man's physical health than drunkenness. On the effects of drunkenness he could quote no hig-her testimony than that of the Irish bishop. Some years ago a synod was held at Maynoofch, and there they said, at least in substance—"There are other dangers against which we must lift our warning voices. It is with weeping that we see that the bestial and abominable vice of drunkenness is working, dreadful havoc among our people, and instead of all their rare natural and supernatural virtues is changing many of them into enemies of Christ, whose end is destruction, and whose god ia their belly, and whose glory is their shame. Is it not an intolerable scandal that amongst people like ourselves there should be found so many who become habitual slaves of drunkenness, and who not only sacrifice to it their reason, but their Christianity and the honor of their children, their sub stance, health, body and soul—God himself 1" Such were the expressions of the bishops of Maymooth, Again the judges of the land agree with the fathers of the church that drunkenness is the origin and source of every crime, and that the pages of the judicial calendar are smeared over with the outcome of intemperance. A judge said to a jury some time ago—"Gentlemen, if there were no drunkenness there would be nothing for you or me to do." In 1S80 Mr. Gladstone said before Parliament that drunkenness produced, on account of its continuity, more terrible effects than war, famine, and pestilence combined. Satan used drunkenness to wreck families, to fill the hospitals, gaols, and lunatic asylums, and to send down to a .dishonored grave thousands of victims of this sin. It had made more victims than eviction or famine, and had broken more hearts and torn asunder mora family ties than was ever done by enforced exile. It was the cause of angers, con tentions, and murders,. aud of nearly every crime we hear of. The drunkard's mouth was compared to the sluice-gate of some hideous drain; and this vice to a finger post leading to hell, madness, and death, to bad company, to forgery, sickness, delirium tremens, and the most horrible exits from life. It strove to destroy in our souls every image of our Maker and God. According to the sta tistics of last year he found that in the United Kingdom there wa3 a direct expenditure of £150,000,COO on drink—£60,000,000 more than the revenue, and one-sixth of the national debt. And this huge river of gold was wasted, and for what ? And beside this, there must be reckoned all the money spent in keeping up poorhousea, lunatic asylums, gaols, and the police, as far as they were necessitated by drink. Ten times better would_ it have, been if this money bad been pitched into the sea, A Chinese tradition said that 4,000 years ago an emperor obliged his people for a certain time to abstain from intoxicants, and that in consequence God rained down from heaven for three daysshowers of gold. The statistics of in surance societies told us that longevity was wonderfully increased by abstention from drink. If he did not drink man would ba more healthy, as well as free from the temptation to falL Then the temperate man had a steady hand and eye, and was honored and .respected by bis employer, while the drunkard was always out of work. How many a sober man had made his way in these colonies, while reckless young men had come to wreck and finished their careers in the poorliouse. _ The laurels of genius had been scorched by this vice. To-day we found the sacredness of the family spirit dying out; and why? Because the father forgot his duty to the family circle, and sought his pleasure elsewhere, where it was frequently unholy. Then what became of the children? The fcieerjug and the spirit bottle told a sad tale, and what was sadder than to see little children going into the very presence of the demon; their mother, perhaps, bringing them up to a wicked and unholy life ? Whole nations of men do without drink, and are better with out it. Twenty thousand men entered Eng land's prisons last year, and statistics say they are the healthier and better for no drink. The greatestpbysical feats weredone without drink. The Holy Catholic Church herself was at tacked by this vice, for it' was to be found in too many of her children. The death of the drunkard was a terrible subject on which to reflect. He believed 90 out of 100 drunkards brought death upon themselves by this vice. In dying the mind of such a man was filled with anguish and terror, and if he was a Catholic he had reason to feel so. The priest might Btrive to infuse into his heart some hopes for the future, but the man was stupe fied, feeling his life Fad been a foul record of crimes and given up to the demon. The last tremor passed through the body, and the soul that bad been sunk down lower than the animal stood before the King of Terrors to receive its judgment. It wa3 not their pro vince to judge; but one thing could be said tbat if the man died in drunkenness not all the i bishops in Christendom could give him absolu- I tion, for he was not a man at the time, and absolntion could only be granted to a man. As St, Paul said—"Be not deceived, for the adulterer, nor tire fornicator, nor the drunkard shall ever enter the Kingdom of Heaven." To-day nothing was done without, associa tion, and many societies of to-day were, he regretted to say, doing fearful havoc among the people. They had gathered at the com mand of their bishop that night to swell the ranks of the Total Abstinence Society, and ha hoped everyone present would come forward to take the pledge. Some might say they knew where to atop in taking liquor, but he would ask where the drunkards came from; was it cot from those who are moderate drinkers? For the sake of prevention, he thought that those men who are moderate drinkers might well take upon themselves the sweet yoke of the Temperance Association. Any man who cannot moderate himself in drink was bound to take the pledge in conscience. It was an egregious mistake for moderate drinkers to think that they lowered themselves by taking the pledge; he thought all the argument wa3 rather the other way. If they were as pious as St. John the Baptist they would only increase their worth by taking upon themselves the cross of self-denial. Let tnem listen to the voices of their wive3, and children, and their paBtors, and let them come and give themselves irrevocably to God in this holy cause. It was necessary above all things to take the pledge until death ; there must be no surrender to the enemy ; there must also be monthly confession and monthly communion. He concluded with an eloquent exhortation to all present to come up and sign the pledge, and at the close of the meeting a number of signatures were obtained. 