STEADY! (Boston Pilot.) Now is the time to try the nobility of the Irish nation and race. Under strain and pressure, in the eyes of tbe world, there must be no break, no exolamation, no passion. The enemies of Ireland are at the last ditoh. The Orange riots, the outrages on an inoffensive people, the drunken and murderous orgies, the cries of " To bell with the Pope!" open the eyes of the world to the meaning of anti-nationalism in Ireland. The spirit of Cromwell's oonquest in 1649 is a villainous speotre for the eyes of the nineteenth century. Mr. Labouchere is right. "My advice," he says, "to the Irish in America is to Ho low, to be exceedingly careful, to keep as quiet as they possibly can." And again, be says: "Gladstone and Parnell in harmony, with the demooracy of Eagland and Ireland behind them, will eventually win." Mr. Miohael Davitt cables to Patrick Egan as follows:— "The demooracy will reverse the decision of Parliament. Counsel friends to have patienoe and confidence in certain victory. The National cause cannot be defeated if Irish people the world over keep down passions and calmly and determinedly persevere on our present lines." To Patrick Ford, the following from Davitt:— " Tbe Orange ruffianism in the North of Ireland is tbe work of landlords and the English Tories. Don't encourage retaliatory violenoe. Patience was never more needed than at this time. Yictory is certain if the Irish race throughout the world will stand united and calmly persevere on the present lines." The Irish in America can rest on their arms. A great fight has been well fought so far. We can go aB far again if necessary. But the field is in our favour, and we must keep our advantage. The result of the coming general election, even if Gladstone be beaten, will etill leare the Irieh members masters of tho situation. Nothing can prevent Home Rule within two years but a violent retaliation by Irishmen. This is what the Orange landlords and their brutal mobs are playing for. One " dynamite outrage" would sive them. The enemies of Ireland will not be gratified. The Irish in America are satisfied with the situation. If tbe Orangemen can't wait, we can. Their flurry is not a proof of life, but a fear of death. "Steady !" is the word for Ireland. It is stated that there are over 1500 houses in Chioago which remain tenantleBS because of the belief that they are haunted Tffj ghosts. 