',isE. I 1': T'.1T 1D PItESIDENTS AIL S . 01i O ANCE.: ' To ?HliC .r111'1Ot O Tov .iRNIiS'Lt. Snni-Wr-\ o I to ru'i ill sileile is to the bli Crget convesed through thiosu L clever little, skits" of your itcorreslptiienllt, Stilhtilfl" (lGhost," the plublic, or at ouast th ] ait'oi'tii, of it not having the pleasure oif knhowiig "the Ghost as well ,is I do, .inight.clnsidor that I retired frdm the icounicil vitl soiled hantds, throlugh poclut l'g' thll stil of £20 promiseud by to mno tlili hical chalitius. Your corresplnd6nt billy tells it liurtioi of the truth, and Loaraftilly sullpiresses that plrb which, if toldi,\,btthi destfuy the sousat.ioti of his story. With your permuission, Ali Editori I shall now lay the filets of the case before your rudoers. At lthd hist imeting of the ciuncil of 1885, Councillor. Fourriur moved; and ounchllh"i Batmbriik secIdid a oimotion to the effect, "'Thatt the presidential llhowance for the thou coming your be £21." This motiotain in carried-Council lor Streot and myself beuin inl the nii uurity. Having voted figniist the allow iknee, of co?sl upon imy buitig called to theu hair for thile sccol time, I couhl ciit, with any dugree ofuconsistency, accept theu . llwance, 1nlld, :Unseultutly, expressed iiy inttiuitin of handing the cash to the ieighltborinj i:hua'ities.. To this stateoment .is ?'urtain ,coiutcillor, now'` retired, ojacu -latcd .' t Oh, if you wish to bhcouie a lifeo -,: -gou;iitinr.of th l'Buecl wosrth Huspitid,.-ti, ,"'o-d'nneydiir o"roi oxfiunse ;-your ttriaelling ' exiillseu to Mhelbourneii op the. tits depu i'ttion cut be mot out of the presidenti'al 'llfoivunc." '['The whole council, to. it iman, ipplhlluded e his ltterance, addinug ;" £'J'ltO presiduottial voto has beho givuen ;to u.phild this dignity ,of the position." Ti'this very singular action, may be Ut trihtuttd the repdal of my original resolu tior. I may l ir- observe that my brother 'delitatioiist, whose sileuco was the theme- of universal idmiration on the oc " auision" referred to by departmental 'obserers, tigother with our indefuitigablu 'adcretary, looking .like' Sir Per*inanut -"'Syisphumits - wondering at his owiu 'existence--each received the suml of £5. . 1 shall now procud to furnish the tatu pieyrs with toy hill of particulars, which may prore instrnutive tq thile distinguished representativo now wearing illy oflicial boots should he over b?comse I deputa tiontit:; and edifying to the gentleman 'who has provoked this correspondence. . UNow, thio task of going to Melbourno oil lprivate bhsiilwas, and that of goiug on 'publliO business hats vastly diltfrent meuu lugs, anld of course having to " uphold the dignity of ai presideotiild ~sition " sotoi renders i delicately-cotnstitutionted purse ia little consuplitive, whlct the iallhwance is but £20 I Staying at one of the itost faishioirsblo ilns in the city, I :soon' bcutintu aware that tty presence 'crotite~l somis speculation amongst the :guests. Fromt mto of the liveried waiters 1 could learn the various interpretations roegarding miy position. One veneUablO iddlady, with whiotmi I hiad the pleasure 'f hImving Ia sail ltoon the bay, thought I waits a lutttioiti spy, solt out to lhotiginypl and survey our fortifications, anothlr of the guests totk titl. to be ai Frellchlmalu, disgtised tl ani Irishnuul, because I h:ip' ined to hare had the misfortuno , or -the rulgarity, of taskiug ott of tile assist ints for a "spud." lBut the mtost atmus ilig tmistauke of all was by ia genttleutant -stiying fora short tite ill lbOeliurno to recruit his failing huilth. This tourist h]ulad thell, he stated, nearly completed i *journev of the world. Inl the down train front ~odonlga to town a spark from a ptossing ellgine entered tmy left eye andl 'uised intonse agony. Onei of the miost '"milient oculists of. the city-- need Illot advertise him because his extraordinary professional rltputattiou does enough of that--sooni ga?t me relief. SugIgesting 'that I should wear i glaos oil the injured orb, then slightly intllhaed, I did so, much to its relief. This invalided traveller .just referred to, appheared to 1e ttuch 'isturbeu o at mlly IprtsL ue at dinner, andl i~iurried away to theu landlord to inform htim who hI supposed I was. "Sir," said he, adldressing the host, " I was given tot unidtlllatd li Sydney that yoiurs was "o.ne of the must rcespectdbly-coilututed l'uslies ill M?lbutrtne, but, I regret to 'obserove that my iinfrmation is tnot quite so r'liiable ts I thought, wthy you havl e a scoundrel sittitg ualongside of tm0 that lits 'bueti a teUllnat of altutst oelry gaoler in Sthui colotnies. I knew the fellow in Syduuy not very ling since, and ill Taslattiai tlllllty yiars agio. I cailllttt lit pr)lesellt say ?loe lll.llly tlilfercut occupations this uhaluceter has followed lud failedlat, but I cats t aoure you, miy friend, he is niott ait lhonest 1ll1ta, titud decidedly ita mst, oh .jeotiallllu eumtpanioul for gentlemoi to associate with. I shouhld strongly adtlvis .youl toi coluttllllln ietu with the detective lodeparttllltot regarldinlg hitll, Itlld to care fully sectlr your ilate, pIolndlig yoitur n l qluiry, under llck and ky. 'This rultltu -is thie :alne, I feel sure, that lostlos his left .eye at obllart through prying into other pIlople's atlhir'. I:iu had Itoutl detected ii thhu act of peering throtugh the key-hIle 'of the dort of tiirivaute apulr'tlllellt, aUttI with ia poisnled reed that had i een pr epared for himt, the loss of the left eue wtas thu 'onalthy Ith paid for his secold offenllice Contiltnued illsilllrsency ilappleasrl to have :altonddt all his elimltt, and I hardly believo there is a single branch of trioe thathlnta Ils t bebun inidlleft disastrotlhy,. flu hitsL someutiLmes booin uiguagd a aiI 'r:?'tlurrh in, soilt of our Protestiant iatl d : Elpiocllpaihit clhiurches, with ill l-of whoi?o -ministers hi has qiutarrelled. Latterly, I 'think hIe 'hi hieIen ftlhwisg his tro: fessiuni if ah sCIoittlunsts' with intittibretut 'stIces, hut thluttghi u u ull'lloll ulllllllllnt 'oTf illltidotltelU hIu so(mtLteis stucctilleeCedt ill • il'i.ltinug wshmtevor dtr'aitie ltluit canu he isisil.'bls itt his localit', ris, taud with thie lu'ctilts of thtosu iltoreistiug clltor taituiutstt, givsse notltuiltilly fosr thn hilelstit 'if a church souluuutmcs, or ihaultifying n 'schllusl itit llLhet' liUritihi, he kes nlt iit itluherablo tihihuutpUlttt i tU h lilly of it licolust I tuather uindo''r the \'ictutriall (her is'tiiient. hitt all Iulis husiuhios, itr citlluillu oio, uxistilg ill the tiilrls itr htl hledts wshllrtrt, thlis gclishs osits hiit litets, 1Ii utnltaitls alhtliai?sitn thrltoughi theu rdhnaiy iililumentpilllt a y t * iillmy by ofilllu l hits isuhuin-fuilso rllutir't0nlait iliS. ]tiin ,hh Itus iii rttigmlitalutiius It has etn ithit'r ,litihket1 tiutt oi fiui ed tto ru-'ltigt. 0(1t1tioni " illy h ut hushad i irutst f'r co'ntriibuttig tr., thui 'uits, ait hi s writ-i.gs hasve elon T'enm'rkable fiorj i' er fullsonuieu sligatrity, thiohleuticeof litUrarty Hability, or theoir wanit of trutllh. S'tiiy, whitn yoli hii' frntitu the detective ohtleo, lot itsu klltiw, secausu [ 'gll t?L'tutu 'yoiuI, ity friltd, I uti Iluty t'hllig but hapliy ulltlur lu' th xistitg iti. iu',.ssion." Thitouighi the aueiutiy of the *'lu ius, thie travelhu"s itUtiaonus wiru spopelily rtioitired, ttand Ihlitks to thiu okill it sty est'iowuiouh ocietlihst, oi wsuit thldghoss frlito illy Ieft Uyai. 'IThe 1ihllihuld \tits iil lorlllmtlIh llt I a.s -a hl4hi oilCi'll fIsint * v'tlolltug--t'htit I u?.s ii L(lto with twoi Sthotlr g'ilti:ellntl i as luit'a bhhe dleptiutal itl estwo, th(' IP liI c ilCen and thrtli the extraordinary almtount of sall I carried ?ns attributable to thile factthat 1 was allowed the blirlrollu sumt of £-20 to pre$Urve " thlidignity iof my polition i" that 1.lad' never lfoui to either Sydney or ' Tasmniat ; tha 1. hall not lost n oeye; inor hadl oe'er follovedl thl mhiltifarir s ' professidns ascribed to tl?o geutlehmi f\r w.hom 1 had improperly blln taken. On our tourist having beell mlatle atenr of his mistake, heI lost no time in repairiug.thu jlljlry ho thought ho did me through his groundless ituspiciuns. With a most abject apology, Iacompalie d with a IbottlU *f .?lIunies' best Mi?t'dlrna, we parte?, lnpossibly never to meIIet again. llettrlniig with llmy coll iutilnls to \~)v dou gn, 1 waI s Io t by it nunller of leading rdsidentts tild warmly congri?tultatedl oni ]having suaeteeded in gettinlg such favorable terms froll the M[inisto': W\Phen [ ihbt entered the couticil there was'140 lpaid away annually fur? atlnost notlling--£120 to an engiluer, and £20 to a standing counsel, a'ih)soe advice prove}d worthless in it ouurt of law. Both of those oflicure I hltd removed. ' The Londonti gtralnt I resisted successfully, althunylgh it A[iniaterof the Crown, backed up by all the iiportulce atud pinlp of ,poLwer, tltreatetid lus with dreadful visitationits if we failled to pay it. 1 ftulnd the contticil in arrears. with its treasurer, I left?it with nearly £000 Ott the, right aide of its ledger. I. h'iave netver absuented iy self 1fromu.n sinlgle Ilaeetitg of the council ailuce first li hhad the hlontor of bo0itgoleoted;atnd travelled 1400 miles oln iy. duties colt necteitd with its aflhits for the sum 'uf .£28 is altigethler, while other eouticillors diti iut travel maus ty feeoot. fid' the presi deuntil :dlowance been spenlt ill the tap which adjoins the cltamlber ill bher or somel other inltoxicaitng drugs, we never would have had those literary deossrts those "clerer little skits"--so' liberally served oult in, the pages of The Setinel by " Fllstlafs Ghost." : Let Its behg of this gentlemant to read this "disgorge" lmrticularly toe himself iud his friends. if e has ;ty. ie malily observe the inmae of somteone lie has llut, or seenl puusibly in a mirror. The perusal of this " clever little skit" stay e'itlher teach liit so to regulate his future conduct its to be able to set the mlot Itlliciouis enquiriies re garding hlit at deltince ; or, if that le ta last hope, it imy teach hill, prudeunce etoiugih not to attract the piublic attention to a chairacter which has, for ia period of twenty yeagt, passed without colsure in whatever lublic capacity it has been placedl. "Failstaf" may be it very esti imblo citizon, or a degraded wretch ; lhe may.bo it tailor, and yet it a hilollosllher but we have atnple evidence front his *iritings that lie is no gentlemtian, wllatever his profession. For my part, I celti no mlterit frs lle lldcavouring to do it service to Itiy fcllow-men. I have done so to the hest of my limited ability ; and without looking for the approlibation of other Imen, my consciuenlce is satisfied. What remlains to be doeu cncruns the collective body of the ratelcayets. They mullst Inowr di tesrmine for themselves hlietheor they will firtlly and constitutionally Issert their rights, or mlako aln hIltunble, slavish stir rundelr of them ati the fact of thoso ourtnished ilaes, Itnw, thunigll accident, hldintg tie reoins of municipall powier in W'odougn. - Mr Editor, I have now "disgorged," and "Falstutifs Ghost'" is at liberty to lay on. The very idea of a peripatetic hypocrite like this, suggesting political cluldiness to a public main of unblemiished reputation is really somethitlg sublimely refreshing at this stage of our country's history. Awaiting the dawn of at mutnicipal roevolution, Its thley have u used tlla ]I must remiaiti allt Ex PRESIDENT. Bonegilla, beneath its willows, ,,ld Seliptoetiour, 1881i. 