THE GOLDEN HOPE A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. " X dreamt a drcain that was not nil a dream.; BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," " The Wiibok 09 tub Guosvk.n'or," "A Sailor's Sweet heart," tie. (Tlio Right of Translation is Reserved.) CHAPTER XX.— fCoNTrsoEn.l It was the custom of tho watches to got supper together, nnd shortly before four bells (0 o'clock) the men having finished tho meal were on the forecastle ; for the evening was beautiful, the wind warm, nud tho sun descending in such splendour that you would have thought yourself in parallels higher than those of the Shetiands to liavo seen tho bright Hemes gushing out of tho hazy crimson vortex end tho lines of ribbed clouds robed in gold end orengc and pink end scarlet, with tlio sky a most delicate dim green between tlicm, end the sea coming witli a bright copper glare upon it out of tho west end sweeping with the heavens into dark blue into the east. There never was a more peaceful picture than tlio schooner . made at that hour. Steeped in the flowing western glory tlic full bosoms of her canvas wero tinged with orange, while in the con cavities which faced the east, whence the wind was blowing a3 though the fevered, breath of tlio African desert wero mingled in tho freshness and sweetness is gathered from the occaiijinjits (light: in those concavities tho shadows lay liko the blue dusk of evening, thus furnishing an exquisite con trast toj an eye so situated its to embrace both the convexities and hollows of the sails. There was nothing in sight the wide waters round. Mr. Fortescue and Hiram were drinking tea on deck, Stone was below. In the bows wero tho crow, sitting on the wind lass end, or leaning against the weather-rail, tlio cook and Johnny in the midst of them, apparently yarning, or as Hiram would sometimes fancy, arguing, when lie cast his glance forward, but speaking low with askant looks aft. It was tho lirst dog watch, they had tho second yet to go through before they settled down to' night duty or repose. The whole length of the schooner was between Weeks and His men ; but if this were not enough so to subdue the voices of the crew ns to render tlieir words inaudible aft, there was the swinging of canvas aloft ns the Golden Hope rolled, the sounds of water disturbed and moving over the side, small straining and dialing noises ; and besides, Captain Hiram conversed witli Mr. Fortescue, though no reference was made between them to what had passed in the cabin. It was otherwise on the forecastle, whore the account that liad been given to tlie cook by Johnny was being gravely discussed. " Mates," said Breeches, feeling in his trousers pockets for a pipe, " what seems to me the queerest part of this job is, that if tbat there Johnny's yarn is true, its plain that the capt'n aud the mate didn't know any more nor us what was the motive of this woyagc." " That's what strikes me as the rummiest part, too," said Tim Duck, a saucy-looking, somewhat merry-faced seaman of 30. " Tho parson evidently got to the windward of the old mnn afore sailing, and now we're a fort night out and the truth's told tho skipper don't know what to do ?" " li.lio wantsiadwisin', I'm game for one," remarked the cook. " Who says he dunno what to do ?" asked Martin Goldsmith. "He don't look much disturbed. I allow his face couldn't be much longer than it is, but if there's any hinward capsizal iu a man yo're not going to see him smiling and appearing licasy like Hiram there, as if he'd got the young woman he's a courting on his knee." " Dossay it's mere acting." said young Joa Hall. " There's too many skippers knockin' about shore, bullies, for Hiram to turn to and say lie wnrn't goin' to sail the schooner to a haunted island." " Johnny," said Breeches in a severe voice, " d'ye mean to say that the parson told the skipper and Bill that there was a ghost on an island in the Indian Ocean and that" we was bound out to fetch it? Just think. You're more'n half a fool recollect, and afore you jumps down my throat with a screech ing 1 yes I' just overhaul what mind you've got and see if you ain't mistook." " Fool or no fool," answered the boy, "I'll tell ycr, if you was to hold me over the rail and say you'd let go if I answered yes to what you've asked, I'd say yes. D'ye think I can't hear ? S'elp me, as I'm sitting, what tho parson said was a ghost wrote down a hisland for him — a female ghost — and says she was ou it and she opened her arms to the parson and the parson he makes up his mind to go to her. An' hero we are a-goin' I "i'warn't only that, neither. Tlio ghost made the parson see tho ship blazing up in the Indian Ocean, him being in England. And the skipper he talked of a gliost as come to the ship's wheel and made a chap there fetch a Bible nud next day he drops down dead. There was notlien I didn't hear, fool or no fool, William." " Well," said Henry Sawyer, with an un easy glance aft at the clergyman and a kind of writhe on tlio hatch he was sitting on, "if Johnny ain't blundering, tlio look out of this woyage is tlic oncomfortablest a respectable sailor could sign for. Why, slaving 'ud be better tlianighost bunting, damme." " What's a ghost like I " said tho cook, " Anybody ever seen a ghost ? " " Did the parson tell the capt'n what the ghost was like ?" enquired Goldsmith. " No," answered Johnny. " It wor some- . thing as put it's arms out." " Well," said Duck, " that's what ghosts do. I've seem 'em represented in tho tlieayter. They comes up out of the holes under the stage and points and talks with their arms. They never speaks. There's no good in sayin', as .Sam did, there ain't no ghosts ; 'cause if they'd never been wisiblo how could they be drawed and how could play-haeters dress up like 'em ?" " What I said was, that no man over yet see a ghost," exclaimed Sam Wilks, nu ordinary seaman. "A ghost's a man's soul, and my father believed that when souls was liberated tlioy got Mowed about till tliey brought up, but no man ever saw a soul. Why, if it was something ye couid look at, every time a chap died you'd see his soul flyin' away." (TO BE COXTIKBED.) 