ALEXANDRA CATHOLIC CHURCH. THE ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Catholic Church, at Alexandra, took place on Sunday morning last, and was performed by the Rev. Prior Butler, O.C.C., in the presence of a large assemblage. The locale of the now edifice is mid-way between the structures that serve as houses of worship for the members of the Epis- copalian and Presbyterian denominations, and the position is so far an improvement on the site of the old church inasmuch as it is situated near the foot of the hill in- stead of at the summit, thereby rendering it more accessible to worshippors, and which will be appreciated (during the winter months and dark nights. In his interesting contribution to " Picturesque Victoria," on the Alexandra district, the Vagabond" says-" The churches do not make much of a show at Alexandra. The Catholic Church, ministered to by Father O'Hanlon, is at present only a spiritual body. It has no temporal habitation. The old wooden building has just been blown down. We pass it en route to the hospital, a mere heap of planks. "The Vagabond" might have gone further and with truth said-the remaining sacred edifices were made of planks, the buildings reflecting little or no credit on tile worshippers who regularly assemble therein, and should also be blown down. Thanks to the energy and zeal of our Catholic friends, the edifice of which the foundation stone was laid with such imposing ceremonial on Sunday Iast will, when completed, he the only building worthy of the name of church in the Alex- andra district. It redounds greatly to the credit of the members of the Catholic Church in this locality-who are not nu- mericially strong-that they have been able to see their way to undertake the task of buildhng a church of the description deci- ded upon. Doubtless the chief merit is due to the indomitable perseverance and inde- fatigable zeal of Father O'Hanlon and his able coadjutors Messrs. Dodd, K. Kelly, Elley, Jeffers, T. Nilen, and last but not least, the sole secretary to the committee, Mr. J. Gloster, all of whom have been most assiduous in their efforts to raise funds for the building. In thus awarding, as far as we know, praise to whom praise is due, we are not unmindful of, and should be remiss in our duty if we failed to record, the activity and earnestness displayed in the initiatory progress of this movement by one who has been called to a higher tribunal tthan the church militant here on earth. We refer to the late Edwin Kelly, whose so memory still lives in the minds of his fellow townsmen, and whose last appeal to ourselves and other townsmen was on behalf of the funds for the erection of this same edifice. It was Mr. Kelly's highest ambition to see a structure built in Alex- andra worthy of tile church of which he was so devoted a memlber, but it was or- dained otherwise; and in thus referring to the dead we do not detract in the least from the good work effected by the living. Originally. plans for a church were pre pared by Mr. C. N. Kelly, C.E., late en gineer to tilhe Yea shire, hiut on tenders being called for Mr. Kelly's work it was found that tihe cost was greatly in excess of the suem the committee felt justified in expending, and after saveral attempts to modify the plan it was ultimately decided to discard it and have a now plan prepared. Mdr. Kelly having left the district, Mr. J. Brady, architect, of Meolbourne, was n trusted with tile work of designing a building mnore in accardance with tie mneans at coitlnaro:d of the coninlittee, and hals succeeded in giving every satisfaction, Sus will be noticeable when the work is completed in about tenweeok's timne. Ten - dors were called for the erection of the structure iccording to Mr. Brady's phin, and Mr. T. Carison, J.P., was the success full tenlerer, the contract being aiceplttd fir 0GCO. The building has been designed so as to allow of extensions and additions being maode thereto at some future date without interfering with the harmlony of the wholeo. it being thoconmittee's intention to add a sanctulary sand a retiring room its toon as circumtnstances will permit. The structure is to be built of brick in the Gothic style, the dimensions of the nave being 40ft. by 20ft. in the clear. The foot- ings of the foundation are 3ft. wide to a height of 11in., and front that up to the Iluor level 18in. widh. Trom thence tile walls are to he of 14in. work sullpporled by twelve 2ft. buttresses 14in. thick. Tlhe flooring is all of lin. Oregou pine. The principal roof is of raltues and strtts, drLsised and top cheamperodl, colored and vaurnished, wlhlat Cite wallk tire to libe finitslhed its stucco, set off in stone courses. The outer roof is of iron with numerous ventilators of new design. The gables are to be ornamented with wrought iron barge boards cut in Gothic pattern, and on the apex of each gable is to be a neat cross. The whole of the windows are to be 8 feet high, by 2 feet 9 inches wide, Gothic in style, with stained margin lights. After the imposing ceremony of laying the foundation stone according tro the rites of the Church, had been finished on Sunday morning, by the Rev. Prior Butler, assisted by Father O'Hanlon, the assemblage fiotned in order, audi muarehcd to the Shiro htall, the delivery of an tuldresa on the ground beilg dispensed with, as masns latd to be celebrated and a sermon deoliveod by the reverend Prior in the Shire Hall. Amongst the visitors tresent were a large nutlher of pursonaR front Yea, niloticeablo nmontr whom were the President of tihe Yea Shire (Cr Quinlan, J.P.,) and Cr J. M'Cormick. The large hall of the municipal chambers was comfortahly filled by a congregatlon, which, In addition to the members of tle church in this and the Yea shires, represen ted every other denonmination in the district; but mure especially noticed was the laIrge ltiniker of adherents of the Church of Eng land praseut to lhear the reverend P'rior. .hass was celebrated by the Roe. Father otHanlon, after whidhl the reveremd Prior ascended the piulpit that had been temlporna. rily erected on the floor of the hall, and look Ils text from tihe th chapter of St. Paul's lpistle to tic Ilchtr. 11th to 15thl verees i" But Christ lcing come an high tulest of tile good thtigsi to. LOme, bye gretter and mote perfect tabernacle not made with hands, that is, not of this creation; neither by the blood of goats or of calves, hut by his own blood, entered once into the Holles, having obtained eternal redemption. For if the blood of goats and oxen, and the ashes of an heifer being sprinkled, eanctify such as are defilled, to the cleansing of the flesh; how much more shall the blood of Chist, who by the Holy Ghost offered Himself unspotted unto God, cleanse our conscience from dead works, to serve the living God ? And therefor He is the Media tor of the New Testament; that by means of His death, for the redemption of those trans. gressions which were under the former testa ment, that they that are called may receive the promise of eternal inheritance. In this chapter of .St. Paul's Epistle, as well as in the two preceding chapters, and likewise in all of the great npostle's writing to his countrymen, the Jews, he speaks of the old sacrilices, and of the old orders of priest hood unnder the Jewish law. From the he. ginning of the world it had I-een the custom to offer sacrifices to GOdl by his people. If they turned to the 4th chapter of Genesis, they would find Cain offerini of the fruits of the earth, gifts to the Lord, and Abel of the first lings of his flock, and that the Lord had respect to, or showed his aeceptance of, Abel's scrifcec. God gave the law to Moses on Silni, that Aaron and his sons should be consecrated priests: and sacrifices were offered to God for different ends or inten tions, answerable to the different obligations which man had to Haod. By wayof adoration hanag.-, praise and glory dun to Ills divine Majesty. For thanksgivings, for benefits re ceived from Hinm. By way of confessing and asking pardon for sins. By way of prayer antd petition for grace, and relief in all ne cessities. Abraham was the father aid founder of the Jewish nation, and it would be remembered that when Lot was takens prisoner by Chadorlahamor, and afterwards rescued by Abraham nt Iloba, that Melchise deeh offered up a stcrilice of bread and wine. It was clearly pointed out by the propIhets that there w.s to bIe i new law, a clean oblation, and one sacrifice. which was io be for all the sacrilfies ot the old lhw, and the law of the Almighty oas that llls Son should be a priest for ever after the orderof Melchisedech atnd offer iup a sacrifice of bread and wine. In Isains it is ptroph-sniei that the sacrifices which we.re offered in the old law should he abolishlld in the new. And all wouldl re member the wanderings of the child.ren of Israel in the wilderness when they were nou rished an,1 supcorted during their sojourning will, the miraculous food fromt heiven called -' Mlnnn," which was a lfigure of the bretad of life, and which we receive itn the Bl.ssed Sacratment, for the fool and nolurislihment of out souls 'uring the time of our mortal pil grimage, lit th- new law we havet but one sacr i liee, that of the body end blood of Christ, nud it was on the o cnsiton of ol' Lord's last Eupper that lie took bread and wine and con seeri?crallmn. themrI, constiituteid hlilself a priest for ever after Ihe order of 1 elcjhisedech, lndl Ian offlrilrg under the lnew law to God. Christ took breIad and Ibrke it, sayi,,g-T-l ?e ye, anti cat, for this is my bodly. Andtl taking th. chllice savl--lirink 3y all of this, for this is my blood of the New Te'sta:nent, which shall ie shed for many for tile remission of sins. ilere then is the dedication and insti tutionn of the New Testament in the blood of Christ, here mystically shed, Iy tile words This is say blood of the New Testament. To receive then both the tody and blood 0of Christ, is ia divine precept, whlll hI the faithful fulfil, though they receive but inl one kihnI ; because in one kind they receive both body atnd blood which . annot be separated from each other Hence life eternal is promised to the worthy receiving, though but in one kind. •' If iny man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever," and the bread that I shall give is my Llesh, for the life of the world ; he that Iatcth me, shall live by me, says Chtilet. And on Cal vary. by that one sacrifice of Ilis blood, once offered on the cross, Christ our Lord, paid and exhibited, once for all, thei general price anrd ransom of all mankind ; which no other priest could do, and He Himself could do but once, because he could dio but once. This sacri fice and sacrament is to be continued in the church to the end of the world, to obshow forth the death of Christ; and tile only way to com minorrate and celebrate His death is by offering in sacrifice, and receiving in sacrament, that body and blood Iy which we were rcdleemed. The idea of sacrifice entered into the Supreme Being, and we cannot have true worship without sacrifice. A religion without sacrifiee is not a trite religion, Where there is no sacriice, there is no true worship of the Supreme Being. And what church verifies this preaching and teach nlg of the Bible ? There is but one true church, and one sacrifice. And thie true church is the Cathdlic Church, nud the sacrifice, the sacrifice of the tMass, which was continuously being offered upt every hour of the lay, throughout the world, and which they hadl just reviously [partaken of. In the glorious cathedrals of Europe in the churches throughout the worldl, in humble cabins the sacrifice of the Mass was being colcbntel by Christ's ministers. Outilde the church It was said they worshiped ceremio unal, and the gorgeous things that were to be seen in the cathedrals anil older churches. But how little did the people who .say sutich things ulderstand the true wership they eng gaged .in. When a bridogroom leadeti his Bride to the altar I, lecked in beautiful raiment anl gorgeous apparel, did lie love and worship her raiment?' No. It was the ubstancec, not the covering. Tit Church took delight In offr ing to God the choicest of her works, and making His house ats become the house of God, most acceptable to Him. Christ gave himself tai a redemutption to all. iHe is the one and only miedlitor of redemption, and sins can only It remittedt In virtue of that clean oblation Christ's death. To-day, weo iave been engagedl i(n laying the foandation stone of a building wherein this clean oblation can be enjoyed. In that little church tile Lord of Glory will descend, and whlenever the sacrifice of tihe Mass was celebra ted therein a greater msiracle wolid be perfor ned than the creation of the world. Their church dliflered from others in that the latter were mere Iillic places of worship, whlere peolie asstemoelcd to sing ald ipray, but In their ittnblt building the J.onl Iiitt.aelf would ie presoet, and bring eternal ipece to the faithful, ever living to make intercession for us. It was their greatest duty lnd tl lcir higllest glory to beeitgsagel in erect'ing throughout thelegt, and bretilth of the land churchlles and school. lie wouhl not dcmlean himself by mskiting ia aCggingt allopeal to theCl; buit he woultlt ierge tt?em tt bulil uip tihe walls ile d liut on the roof ts qitickly Ias Itossibhle, nuld llac everything in order for ithe great lovintg GCod. 'Their religiutn dnuulcettti they should maku sacrilices iu thie ercetion of thCs buthltng for the trie worslip, and he truasted, that as soon as it was completed, it would belotg to GUod, bIy their htving paiid the debt contracteld y its uerection. Iln the evening thie Rlev. Priesr conitnced his subject of the mnorning, utal in nin elo iquest tatld lutrnlul disciutHe if ian hnur llnd a half's duratlion, swhich wasi listened to willh wrapt andt ournest itleilitist Ity ta large congrectliou, Itinlted out that in the Itnrrning itlhy lhad been disesieilng thiU ecsaily i)I tC.arilice in trie relugiot; tut 13' exltinihitg the 01G T'eshttticlti it Is clear:ly IointeCId ouint by the ophetsILa tit thel'ro was to ile ii thu Noew Law otto lsncrilrco ,nly, whichl was t to takc the place of.all thie salcrilices in tie Old Ltw,¢ niil which was to ie a t" clean ObltiOlii." T?e revoroend genntolionan tlion, in a inoat snillsterly mlnnner, distOllseiLd tite nature ofl htie victihn whtich is offorotd in this " clean otlution of thie Noew Law; that the Lord ,lesus, it the Last Supper, had constituted Hiseiolf a priest for over, by offering His botdy andil blood for a sacrilce, tihait abso luto e sacrifice of everlasting redeuoptionl whiopl the one high priest, Jesus Christ, had offered once and for oveor, Thie colluctions atth'iC services amountedl to the satiefectory .sum of £50. At the conclusion of both morninsg and ovenitng service, thie Iu. Father O'Hunlon briellh thanltied thie uudieno for Iheir sttondantce in such Inrgo Ilullmbers, ind expressed the hope, w?lich we ihere rtleilltut o ll luir failt, ihlt; it \sltuld not be lobg 'ore teo liev. 'Prior treI'ttIU; theti ttl snulh unothei: feaslt of lyidauc aund reasonliog. 