TURF TOPICS AMD AHTICiPATfOliS. Br Asmohsus. V.'lion warmed by tbe ameliorating influer.co ot mid-winter sunshine there is no more favored spot where turfites delight to bask aud disport themselves than on the heath at Caulfield, where the natural charms of the situation were never moro elaborately di3playod than on the' occasion of tho lato gnthoring. whon glorious woatbor and imposing fields contributed to tho enjoyment of ono of the most pleasant nhinions ever celebrated under the auspices of tlio Y. A. T. C. The sport proved of a varied and entertaining charaoter, and tho finishes in the majority of instances, although not productive of head or neek verdicts were sufficiently close to be interesting. The uninterrupted series oi revorsos sustained by the favorites were dis tinctive features of the racing, aud the downfall of such extensively supported candidates a? Gratian, Distiller, Blackthorn, Stafford, Edith, Tcrang, Allandcr, Quintin Mntsep and ileu Bolt proclaimed a victory all along the line on behali of the blatant kaig-hts of the metallic pencil. Tho fact of not a solitary faTorito proving suc cessful told of a calamitous day for backers, several of whom woro heavily hit. The dual triumph of the Craigieburn stable further tes tified to Mr. Miller's invincibility in tho jumping bumtJin ui wuu jilL-oCkJi ticaauu, uuu, as UCUU'JC Koolyto nor The Irishman were favorites, the followers of tho " crimson and whito" were fortunate in obtaining a fair price about each. Mr. IVatson rode with common iable judgment in both instances, and ho exorcised sufficient patience in the run homo on Tho Irishman to dooeivo ths supporters of Tcrang, who jubilautly proclaimed Corrigan's victory until Mr. Watson suddenly silouced their vocifera tions with a well timed effort on the grey, who fouccd faultlessly throughout, and never ap peared to more advantage in this respect than when old Blackthorn repeatedly rushed him, with the apparent object oi testing his jumping powers when under pressure. Toraug, who was made a flaming hot favorite, also negof' tinted his fences in artistic style, but ho is deficient in staying power, a faot which satisfactorily accounts for tho non appearance of his namo in tho Grand National nomination list. The veteran Kanaka conclu sively demonstrated that ho has lost his pace, albeit be jump3 as perfectly as ever, and got round without a mistake. Koolyto's superior staying ability was very pronounced in tho Hurdle Race, hut it was plain that a few oi his opponents were only out for an airing, and of those who were unplaced I oxpect to see one, if not two, mako a bold bid for tho Grand National Hurdle Raco tho week alter noxt. Fickle was the first horse beaten in tho Viotoria Gold Cup, and it was ouly the intervention of a rare slice' of luck that caused him to bo proclaimed the winnor. Tho Messrs. Glasscock made no secret of Blaoktborii's superiority, aud the veteran sou' of Alarm left tho paddock with odds on him. Tho favorite hold such a couimuudiug lead of Roulette on clearing ths last fence that his victory appoarcd assured, but disappoint ment quickly overtook his supporters when thoy perceived Mr. William Glass cock steering a false course. Mr. Har-. bottle was similarly at fault on ltoulettc, and as Salesman had fallen at tho lost fonco bul ono, Ficklo was enabled to cantor leisurely down tho straight until roused up to stall off a Into, though palpably hopeless rush, on tbe pari oi Blackthorn, who would havo won easily but for tho conlrettmps alluded to. Tho straggling nature of tho start was instrumental in spoiling tho contest for tho Ladies' 'J-ophy, the majority of the candidates being dispensed wit at tho dip of the flag. Umbra occupied a conspicuous berth to thq home turu, where Gadfly swept round on tho outside, and, nicely handled by young Gorry, the Tasmaniuu brod 2-yoar-old v.-on comfortably from tlio two dead heaters Violet aud Dukq of Athol. Several of tho Caulfield division befriended tho winner, while not a few divided thoir patrouago between Ticbboruo and Violet. The last named showed a return to hoc 2-year-old form, and D,ul:e oi Athol likewise proved that ho Is somg thing better than the forlorn hope his trainer stimated him after his defeat at Flemington on the Qaeen'a Birthday. The faot of Gadfly and (he Duke of Athol both being Tasmanian bred, And Violet nntil recently owned by an island Bportsman, a wholesale dose of Tasmanian element was thereby imparted to the finish for the Trophy. The warmly served Stafford never showed prominently at any part of the race, neither were the colors of Essie, Master John, Tichbornc, Edith, Esmond and leporollo — all well backed candidates— at any time conspicuous. Maroney per formed so indifferently in the race for the Trophy that his ultimate succosb in the Rich mond Handicap took precedence as the surprise j»ir excellence of the day. Quintin-Matsep and Ben Bolt were both immensoly fancioa for the mile race, and they got so well away that their respective supporters were on good terms with themselves until rounding the homo bend, whore both were in unmistakable distress. It was at this point that the patched up and de spised Maroney began to assert himself, and outstaying Lady Claudia ho reached the post an easy winner, thus bringing to a close one of the most enjoyable — if we except tho non-success of the favorites — afternoon's sport witnessed at Caulfleld for some timo past. Tho Grand National weights appeared on Monday and have been a common topic of con versation and discussion during the week. In accordance with publio expectation. The Agent has, of course, been awarded top weight iu the Hurdle Race, and ovon with 12 st. 10 lb. the littlo chestnut wonder must bo considered as fairly well treated. Hie recent victory in. Sydney was not achieved over such a field as ho will be cailed upon to meet at Flomington, but he has such a remarkable aptitude for slipping over tho small sticks and can finish so fast that I am not surprised that backers like him at the weight as well as anything in the raco. In addition to the champion, Caioola, Insolvent, Sheet Anchor, Huntsman, Ruby, Tau'.aliser, Koolyto, Vanderbilt, Grattau aud Yerouique have been moderately dealt with, but none of them more so thau Ditto, who having already wou twice over hurdles and run fourth for the last Australian Cup, is won derfully well in at 9 st. 2 lb. Iu tho Grand Na tional Shecplecha60 1 think Mernder was treated Tory harshly, and his award of 12 st. 9 lb. is more suggestrvo of handicapping the general stable form as recently shown by Studley, Irish man and Co., than the form of the horse him self. As lie has been withdrawn through injury, it may not matter so much, but, although I feel sura that even with his heavy impost Mernder, fit and well, would not liavo disgraced himself, his performances have not boeu of a character to justify Mr. Barnard in placing him within 2 lb. of such a proved nonpareil as Denmark. Game's owner cannot complain of 11 st. 10 lb., and Blackthorn is exceptionally we'll treated at 10 st. 121b., whilst the same may be said of Caledonian nnd Reticent, who ought to beat anything lower down tho list, even the veteran Kanaka, whose owner has been rewarded for hiB pluck in visiting Victoria, by the favorable impost of 9 st. 12 lb., but I hardly think the old fellow has retained sufficient form to win such a race as this is likely to be. Tho One Mile Plat Race ought, as usual, to produce a good contest, as tho field is almost sure to be numerous. Ringinastor, Silvcrmine, Meteor, Gardenia, Allandor, Duke of Athol and Ocista seem to be the most likely to furnish tho winner, but be fore the day I shall, in accordanco with my re gular custom, announce my actual fancy for each race. Tho Bracelet Raoe is an especially popnlar one with Caulfield owners and trainers, who, since its inauguration in 1882, have won it three times out of five. Few events that havo only been so short n timo in cxistenco havo had as sociated with them such a number of remark able or coincidental circumstances. Tho initial contest in 1882 was won by Glad Tidings, who heat 33 others in 1 min. 221 see., starting at 25 to 1, this outside quotation being attri butable to tho fact that a couple of hours be- foro, with only 1 lb. more, ho bad been unable to get nearer than fifth in a field of eight selling platers, over the same distance in half a second slower time. Tho Ghost, by Treagcaglo wou in 1883, and in the following year the remarkable circumstanco occurred of another animal of tbo same name winning, Mr. Beid's Ghost, by Hamlet. In 1885, when tho ancient Hannibal won, Primus who had run second iu the previous year again occupied that position, but divided the honor with Fornlea, the pair running a dead heat. Strangely enough Mr. T. Jones obtained second place again on Saturday with Violet, whilst Gadfly secured Mr. J. G. Roid's second victory, tho winner of 1884 being also his property. Tho successful riders in thi6 event have been Morris, Batty, J. Williams, Benco and Gorry from which, and tho abovo mentioned facts it will be seen that tbo Caulfield division havo been very hard to beat in " tho ladies' race.'' This contest will also bo long remarkablo for having produced the largest field that has over faced the starter in Australia, 42 having competed for it in 1883, whilst tho number of starters havo been 34, 42. 31, 26 and 31, showing an average of nearly 33 since its inauguration. Tho Ladies' Trophy has certainly become a mnrked attraction in tho V.A.T.C. Winter programme and it is satis factory to know that lust Saturday's meeting was a greater financial success than any of its predecessors. If Captain Thomas, tho Victorian naval com mander, was on the course at Caulfield on Satur day tho unexpected victory of Maroney in tho Richmond Handicap must havo rovived recol lections of tho corresponding meeting of last year. On that occasion Maroney, who had not then had tho sobcring-down attentions of Mr. Bennisou, wa3 in the paddook preparatory to Undergoing his toiiot when, in a sudden fit of viciousness or, as somo people prefer to call It, playfulness, he lashed out his hind feet and brought them in suoh violent contact with Captain Thomas' 6knll that for a fow momonts it was foarcd tho gallant commander was cither vory seriously injured or killed. Under the attention of medical men, who aro always on (land at Caulfield, he soon recovered, however, whilst tho " playful" son of Captivator has since then become respectable and more than paid for his feed in the skil ful hands of tho veteran, T. Reunison. It is certainly a fact that no fault can be found with any of tho "surroundings" at Caul field, but — IIow about the centre of the course ? A season or two ago after a well known cross country rider had, I believo, shot all the wild duck on Mr. Bond's " ornamental waters thoro was some talk of stocking them with swan, but tho chaiu of waterholos referred to remain as unsightly as ever, and aro still do- void of visible animal life. Seriously speaking, it is a pity that tho well appointed Caulfield courso should be left with only one eyesore, and that such a prominent one 09 the swamp in its centre. Already a wilderness has hesn almost turned into a paradiso, but why leave tho transformation incomplete Mr. Bond, especially as you aro not wont to "spoil tho ship for a ha' porth o' tar." Amongst the racing worthies at Caulfield on Saturday, I met Mr. .1. G. Heywootl, still I am sorry to say, on crutches, from the result of a severe accident met with some months ago. Tito veterau, although ho fears the injury to his leg will bo permanent, retains all his oliarac- teristio joviality of temperament, nnd repealed to mo with the enthusiams of one who is justi fied in feeling that ho has "done the state some service." how in tlio days when a track cut through tho heath only existed, he had saved the courso from being turned into a cemetery by improvising p. meeting. Before tho Caulfield Cup is run, I hope mine host of tho Turf Club Hotel will have thrown away hie crutches and be able to resume his customary active habits. Major Nelson's appoiutmeut as secretary of tbo Canterbury Park Racing Club appears to have infused uew life into that institution, the committee having decided to make extensive improvements and alterations to the courso and its appointments. The claims of Lapidist, tho expatriated Derby hero of 1873, were prominently advanced at Caulfield on Saturday last through the medium of Gadfly and Koolyte. It may he remarked that both winners are rarely bred on their dams' side, Midge, the ancestress of tho Ladies' Trophy horoino and half sister to Malua, coining of tho good old Tasmanian blood which has rendered the names of the Messrs. Field famous as breeders. Castle Hill, Resistance, Diana, Peter Fin, Buffalo and Edclla aro familiar names in tbo pedigree linc3 oi this marc, whose daughter Gadfly has assisted to controvert a prevailing idea adverse to the precoeiotisness of Tasmanian brod 2-year-oi Is. Harpy, dam of Koolyto, is also a well bred mare, by tho imported Wild Dayrell horse Horror from Jeannetto, who claims the imported Little John aud Rotts's Emigrant as ancestors. Koolyte has been along time distinguishing himself, inasmuch as he was foaled as far back as 1878. A somewhat unpleasant occurrence arose from tho mistake committed by tho riders of Blackthorn aud Ruuletto in tho raco for the Victoria Gold Cup at Caulfield last Saturday. Smarting under tho pang occasioned by being led to follow Black thorn tho wrong course, Mr. Harbottlo made Eomo very uncomplimentary remarks to Mr. IV. Glasscock as the pair wero pulling up. IIo had the bad taste to compliment Mr. Glasscock on the successful ruse practiced on bim, and insinuated that the same v.as done in tho in terest of Fickle. Mr. Harbottle's conduct was immediately reported to tho stewards, hut as Mr. Glasscock magnanimously consented to accept an apology and did not persist in press ing his complaint any further, Mr. Harbottlo got off much more leuieutly thau would other wise havo been tho case. Tho Rouietto episode at Moouee Valley and the incident now referred to docs not tend to establish a very exalted opinion of Mr. IlarboLtle's ideas on the subject of turf morality. The unfortunate contretemps in tho raco for the Victoria Gold Cup was the ouly incident which tendod to interfere with tho harmony of tho proceedings at Caulfield last Saturday. While surprise was expressed that a' rider so fnmiliarwith the course as is Mr. W. Glasscock should have made a mistake, Mr. Ilnrbottlc, on the other hand, was readily excusod on tho 6ooro of inexperience, it being his first essay on the heath. En jmesant I may remark that Messrs. Harbottlo and W. Glasscock had an oven "pony "on their respective mounts, "one to win," and so confident was the former in his ability to win that lie intimated his anxiety to increase tho wager to £200. Tho Buugarce Junction races came off in Mr. M'Calman's paddook, near tho railway terminus, on Tuesday inat, and were fairly patronised. Tho first event was the Trial Stakes, which was won by Exile, after a close finish with Sul phur, Scatup third. Eight started. In the first round, when near the grand stand, O.K. fell heavily, and throw his rider (Goodiot, who, although not seriously hurt, was unable to remouut in timo to have any show iu tho race. For tbo Bun- gareo Junction Handicap, fivo started, and everything went on well until a few yards from home, when Pretender came down, nud his jockey (Thornton) got a heavy fall, nnd ho was carried off tho course seriously hurt. Through this unfortuuato accident, Pretender was thrown out of the race. Sultan, Sulphur and Venus came noxt in rotation. For the Handicap Trot, Who'd Havo Thought It was first, Pretty Jane second nud Allendale third. Tho Handicap llurdlo Raco was a splendid contest, for which nine horses faced tho starter. Several wore fancied for this race, but thoso having the most attention were Lady Brown, Exile, Mury Biano nnd Venus, tho former starting at oven money, Exile 2 to 1, Mary Blauo and Venus 3 to 1, Exile won after a vory exciting race by a noclc from Lady Brown, Sultan third. The Hack Race was won by Brown Lock, Adelino and Chance being second ttnd third respectively, Mr. Miller finding it hopeless to try and get Mernder round in time for the. Grand National Steeplechase struck him out on Tuesday. This is the first turn of real bad luok the Craigieburn stable has experienced for a long time, and ono which I hope may only provo to bo one of thoso cbcoks which frequently prcsago tho pace being made hottor than ever. Straight owners and good horses well trained deserve to scoop the pools. The programme of a meeting to ho hold on tho 21st August, at Caulfiold, which is adver tised to-day, has been framed on a liberal scale, and should attract a largo entry on tho 2nd prox. , the day on which entries close. Tho Sapling Stakes will open tho proceedings, tho added money being 100 sovs., which would, I understaud, havo been increased, but for the fact that the winner would then be penalised for the Maribyrnong Plate. This race, which is onlyovcr3furiongs,isintoudcd more forthopur- pose of acoustoming the youngsters to the colors than anything else, aud tho weights are 7 st. 121b. for colts, and 7st. 71b. for fillies and geldiugs. The Hurdle Race has 200 sovs. added, and tho Grand National Steeplechase 350 sovs., in addition to which tho card con tains a Selliug Raco of 100 sovs., and the Ba laclava Stakes (handicap) of similar value. There is a promise of an interesting after noon's sport at Elstornwick Park to-day, when the Hurdle Race may go to Wild Wave or Royal Maid, tho July Handicap to Edith or Melodious, the Steeplechase to Bob Cooper or Peter, tho Felling Hurdle ltacc to Fusilier or Chatsworth, the Selling Steoplechaso to Ficklo or Union Jaok, and tho Elstornwick Pork Handicap to Impulse or Duke of Athol. Sydney Tattcrsall's, ono of tho most enter prising aud deservedly successful sporting institutions in Australia, intend to hold another meeting at Randwick in August, particulars of which will shortly bo auuonnccd. Mr. IV. R. Vir..oo has recently sustained a series of misfortunes with his racehorses. Tho hurdle racer Devizes was killed at' Sandhurst ; Dawdler was killed at Williamstowu ; and Tor pedo, a promising jumper, broke his neck whilo schooling over tho sticks on the owner's sta tion at Matboura. The lad John Moloney, who received sttch a severe fall with The Hatter at the last Rosehill meeting, died last week. Now South IValos promises to bo as for midable as ever in the 2-ycar-old contests of the approaching season, as there aro now over fifty yehrlings in work at Randwick. The Baliarat Minors' Turf Club was resusci tated at a meeting of sporting men at Craig's Hotel on Monday. Mr. Bon. Hepburn was elected president ; Messrs. M. Loughliu and D. S. Wal lace, vice-presidents; Mr. D. Broptiy, J.P., treasurer ; Mr. J. A. Blight, secretary ; Mr. W. Osborne, starter ; Mr. Robert Orr, judge ; and Mr. Mallin, clerk of tho course. An influential committee was formed, and a sub-committee was appointed to arrange for a race meeting, which it is thought will bo hold in September, on the courso r.t Redan. Our Koroit correspondent telegraphs that tho Koroit Racing Club havo docided to erect a grand stand, for which a plan has been ap proved, at a cost of £150. The trustees de cided on tho 24th June to havo the course grubbed and levelled, and to havo a track care fully prepared. The finances of the club aro iu a satisfactory state, there being 65 subscribing members, whilo a recent bazaar returned £105 net. Our Wagga correspondent telegraphs that an Amateur lizcc Club h:i3 been formed iu Wngga, and it has been decided to bold a meeting at Wagga in August. The mcmocrs comprise re sidents of the district around. Tho committee have decided to opeu sonic of, the oveuts to race horses, but stipulato that llioy shall be ridden by amateurs. Members of the club committee havo beeu appointed to draw up rules and a programme. Dr. It B. IVnrrcn lias been ap pointed to act as hon. secretary and treasurer. The publication of tho spring handicaps oil Monday has led to less business than might havo been anticipated, and transactions of any magnitude have been fow and far between. Tho Derby and Cup doublo seems to bo tbo mo3t favorite medium for investment, Trideut being most in demand for tho first event, and next to him Blairgowrie, Volcano and Chesham. At odds of 1000 to 5 each of these has been coupled with Nelson, Britisher, Silvermino and Trenton for tho Melbourne Cup, and a disposi tion has been shown to back tho Derby colts named to win both races. The Grand National double has been backed at 100 to 1, nnd since the weights wero declared 100 to 2 has been taken, tho most frequent selections boing Tho Agent, Insolvent, Huntsman nud Ruby for the Hurdlo Race, coupled with Studley, Game, Reticent and Blackthorn. Mernder'B injury and consequent withdrawal has given a fow of tbo books some dead money to start with, his uanio having boon generally written in thoso wagers made before the handicaps appeared. 