MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL. CHAPTER XXXVL TIIE ACCUSED AND THE ACCUSES, Br ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " JAOOBI*S WIFE," &o;, " Can we do nothing for him ?" said Cicely to Philip, before he took leave of her that evening on their return from London. "I don't know what we can do," said Philip. "I must ask Giles whether he wishes the child to stay with Hannah or to go with his aunt to Twickenham. That old woman will be the death of him." "You are too hard on Hannah," Cicely answered with a smile, which was pathetic in its very brightness. " She is very faithful to her master." " What makes it more difficult to manage," said Philip, "is the fact that Will is a thoroughly spoiled child. Kinglake has, naturally enough, petted him all his life, ant. the boy is heartbroken now that he separated bom his father." "I don't see why you call poor Will a spoiled child," exclaimed Cicely, in rather a hurt tone. " A sweet, loveable little fellow." " I can only say," said Philip with a laugh, " that I should not like a boy of my own to be quite as intimately acquainted with affairs as Master Will appears to be witl those of his father. But I agree with you . he is a nice little chap, bathe wants somebody beside poor old Giles and Hannah to look after him." Philip took pains about the matter. He went to see Kinglake, and represented to him that Will was suffering from the circumstances in which he was placed. And when he had said his say he was sorry, for his friend looked perplexed and pained. " Of course, the poor Uttlelad will suffer," he said, pushing the hair back from his fore head with a wearied gesture. " I hardly see how I am to mend matters." "You mean that I ought not to inter fere?" " You have every right to interfere, Phil," said Giles, smiling in rather a melancholy way. " What do you want me to do ?" " Can't you send him to Miss Freebody ? She tells me that she is obliged to go back to Twickenham before Sunday, and, if 80, lie will be left alone agaia with Hannah." "No, he must not go back. That would be worse for old Hannah's companionship. Miss Freebody has an elder sister who is imbecile, and frightens poor Will nearly out of bis senses. I only send them there when Lydia is away." Would you"—Philip made his suggestion diffidently—" would you object to his coming down to Ladywell, to Eleanor and myself— or to Cicely ? We should all do our best for him." "I know you would," said Kinglake, turning away and drumming on the table somewhat moodily with MB right hand, " but I don't think that it would do, Phil, thanks. I doubt whether you could get the boy down to Ladywell now." "I suppose he would go if you sent him— if you told him he must go." I suppose _ he would." Kinglake emiled at the expression. " It's a line of conduct I have very seldom adopted with Will, how ever, ana I don't feel inclined to begin it now. Will has had his own way so long that I can't thwart him when—when perhaps I have only a month or two of this world left to me." " Nonsense," said Philip. " Keep up your heart, man." " I keep up my heart as much as 1 can, but it's no use to protest that facts are not apparently against me. I begin to see no way out of ic," said Giles, rising and pacing up and down the narrow space afforded him like a wild animal in a cage. *' They mean to hang somebody for Le Breton's murder, and unless they prove that it was Joel Bray or somebody else they will hang me." " Have you thought of anybody else," said Philip, struck by a certain inflection in Kinglake's voice. " Yes." "Who is it?" " I suppose you won't be offended if I tell you?" "Is it likely?" " Well," said Giles, facing his friend and looking at him steadily, " there is one man to whom I fancy it would be convenient if Le Breton were well out of the way." " You mean Vargrave ?" Kinglake nodded. " I have thought of that myself," said Philip, meditatively. " I may be uncharitable," continued Giles, pulling his brown beard as he spoke, and still looking at his friend, " but it seemed to me at the examination that there was some animus in his way of stating the facts against me. There was a great show of fairness and moderation, no doubt; but you know, Phil, his account of the hut that Le Breton got from me in the first instance, when I struck him with my cane, was immensely exaggerated. Le Breton's face cut open from chin to temple? Why, one would think that I was a brute? It is apparently just what they do think,, by-the-by." "Vargrave was in the wood by his own confession," said Philip. " There was no one else." "Yes, there was some one else. I saw another person when I had left Le Breton. But I think that it was a woman." " You did not mention that at the time ?" " It did not recur to my memory till afterwards. Vargrave, a woman, and 1 in the wood together—which of us committed the murder ? One of us, or a fourth person unknown ?" "I can believe anything against Clifford Vargrave," said Philip, with some heat of manner. " He is both false and cruel, but I doubt whether he had either strength or courage sufficient to attack a strongly made man like Le Breton with no other weapon than your stick. Besides, you have heard what Finch says ? He does not believe the murder was committed with that stick at all. He says we shall see what the experts say about it. He thinks the blows were given with a much larger and blunter weapon." " Possibly." Kinglake threw himself into a chair and sighed. "It's sickening work, Phil," he said, almost with a groan. "I know," said Philip sympathetically, and he put his hand on Kinglake'* shoulder. " But it would not be so bad to bear," said Giles, still looking down, with a heavy frown upon his brows, "if it were not for that boy of mine at home. It's hard to think of a delicate little fellow like him being left to face the world alone, with no legacv but a father's shame." "No sJtame, Giles." "Shame in the world's eyes, is it not? Will the world not brand him as the son of a murderer? And—good God! is it not possible that he may grow up—to—believe me— guilty ? And yet—God knows my innocence!" He leant his elbows on the table and hid his face in his hand. His strong frame shook from head to foot, as a willow is shaken by a gust of wind. "He shall never believe it as long as I am living," said Philip, almost with anger. But there is no need to think of that. We shall bring you through." "Look me in the face, Phil," said Giles, lifting his head from his hands; " and tell me honestly whether you think that I have a ghost of a chance." " Good heavens, yes; of course I do." "lido not," said Giles, turning away his head. Philip kept a reluctant silence. He wished to say something consolatory, but couli think of nothing to say that would be strictly true. And Giles was in no mood for pretences. "If it does come about as I foresee," he began at last, " you wont leave Will to the rreebodys, will you, Lorraine ? It would be the rum of him, body and soul." "Heshould be aB a child of my own," said Philip, in a low voice. "I thought I might rely on you. Thank you,_PhiL And your cousin—perhaps your cousin He had not known that his voice was likely to break at the mention of Cicely Lorraine ; but certain memories of her gracious kindliness, her frank, maidenly grace, her gay, innocent eyes, conjured up by the utterance of her name, overbore his self-command. He tried to conceal the sudden tremor in his voice; he cleared his throat once or twice, took a turn across the room and back again, but only succeeded in making it somewhat more marked, especially as he began his next sentence in a peculiarly cheerful voice, with an entire change of subject, " I hear that my book is running through a new edition," he said. " People are reading it hard and fast, so that they may see whether it bears traces of the monstrous depravity attributed to me. There will be quite a nice little sum waiting for Will at my publishers. You'll have to manage all that, you know." Philip followed his lead, and no more was said about Cicely. But he pondered rather eeriously over Kinglake's unwonted show of emotion. Do you want Will to come and see you ?" he asked towards the close of the interview. Giles shook his head. " No." "You don't?" Would you! like a son of yours to see you in Newgate ? No; not until we are obliged. Then I'll see him—once." "Give me some message for him then," said Philip, " for I must be going." I have no especial message except the old one. My love to him—that's all. And do anything for his good and comfort that you think beBt, Lorraine, but don't send him to Twickenham." {To be contimted.) 