HqjjniBBHHpMHMHUggyQggpH (Rbutbr's Aoenov.) |F*om Oun Own OoimEaroNDKNT.I LONDON. Juno 24. Tho Australian Eleven oonimouood a matoh at Lords to-dny againat, tho ouunty of Middlesex. Tlio uttoudanoo wus good, and the wonthor splendid. Middosox won tho toss and oluotud to bat, sooting 259, tho hmhesb Booror boinu Spillouat 87. Evaua W»s tho most successful bowlur, and took fivo wiokols for 40 runs, l'ho Australians them commonoud their iunings, nnd had made 06 ruus with tho Iosb of a wickot, when tho Btumps woro drawn. Juno 2G. Tho match botweon tho Australian Eleven and tho Middlosox touin was oonoluded to-day. Tho woathor whs sploudiiJ, and grout inturest was takon in tho play. Tho home team concludud their second tuning's for a total of 217, Wliitby with 08 boing tho highest. Bcoror. Palmor took 7 wickets for SO runs. Tho Australians in thoir socond inningfl uiadu 123 for 8 wickots, thus win ning tho match by two wickots nnd ono run. Tlioir scoro in thoir first innings was 352\. Tho fielding of tho homo toam was oxcullout, and several splendid catohos wero made. Mr. Purnoll, in addressing a mooting at Portsmouth yesternight, declared (hat ho accepted Mr. Gladstone's scheme for Homo Hu!o in Ireland as a final sultlument of the Irish difficulty. , ,.....' A grand ball was given at the Guildhall yeaternight, in honour of Australians and other colonists. The assemblage was a moat brilliant one, about 4000 ghosts being present. Mr. Gladstone has paid a visit to Manchester, and was received with en thusiasm ;' ho has since ? procooded to Livorpool, Spoflbrtli has now completely reoovered from the injury he received in the matoh with tho Gentlemen of England, and will bo able to play in the forthcoming matches. June 27. Tho Australian Rifle team arrived hero to-day. ...... . In recognition of their services in con ncctiou with the Colonial and Indian Ex hibition, Sir _ Saul ' Samuel, Sir Arthur I3lyth, and Sir Dillon Boll hare been mado Companions of the Order of the Bath, and Sir Cunliffo Owen has been Croat oil Knight Commander of the Bath, while Messrs. Davenport, Julius von Haast, Garrick, and Berry have bnon mado Com manders of St. Miohael and St. Greorge, and Mr. Basisto n Companion of the sumo Older. 