Onk's broath is taken away by tho tremendous and cataclysmic proposal* of Mr Gladstono in regard to Iroland: in pro-oneo of whiclt wo ro'ogniso a now ora not only in Engl'uh history bub in.tho history of tho world. Tho nationalization, of hind has bean re garded as a dream, but horo wo find tho leading btatesm vn of the ninotoonth century boldly declaring for it. For wo must suppose that if Mr Gladstono proposes to buy back tho land held by I .udlords ict Ireland for £220,000.000, ho doos not contemplate selling it to the peasant?, to bo bought up again nnd mado into largo estates. It is nut cleai', however whotherthn laud is to beimtinnulized or whethorit is to bo, sold on terms to peasant proprietor.. Tho former is a now oxporimont in tnodorn tirno; the lattor has proved a groat success in -Sux(--Gothn and othor parts of Germany, but would sura to bo a failuro among no freo-hearted and prodigal a pooplo as tho Irish. It is tWcfiro to bo concluded tlmt naturalization, tho dre\m of Goorgo and Davitt, is meant. Mr Giftoo,' an Eiig!ii-li official, somo time since formulated a scheme, and it looks as if it wero partially adopted byJMc Gladstono. Mr Giffon pro posed to buy tho land from tho I'i»h lauril-rd-f and hand it o*'t-r t/- n national Govornmont, which could then lio trusted with the control of tho police as thoro ' would bo n:- landlords t*» protect, and tho Govornmont would Ijh its owu rent collector and make such con co-sions as it thought right. Mr Gitliu stated tho val'io of lri*h land ut -1*16 ',000,000, tho propoi* rout of whiclt would 10 £8,000,000, per annum. Twenty years purchaso was to bo taken. England would save £4,000,000 ayoar now pud ior internal govorn mont, so that practically tho English people would ( c elieved --f tho Irish burden. TI10 rosult of tho Irish policy shadowed by Mr Gladstone is too tre at -n lons to contemplate nt tho momont. It is a rovo lution bevond thedroams of rrvolutioni ts. Forthat it. shall only bo - onforrcd to Iroland, if Mr Gladstono carrio'.tho polisy, is impossible. What' has Ireland done that it-* po -plo should have privileges deniod to the lovul people of England, Wale?, and Scotland? Wo may depend tisat tho Irinh measure would only be tho stone thrown into tho pool, raising circles far larger than itself. Ah to Mr Gladstone's c -uncos of carrying liis idoas it U difficult to forocast. ^Vo find nt the very start that lie is dosorted by two col leagues : one, MrTrevelynn, a Whig; tho othor, Mr Chamberlain, a Radical, lio may carry his proposml through tho C immon', for ho appears to have the mo-t supremo control of that Hou*e, but ho will be met in tho Lords by resistance such as never yet, not ovon in the Reform Bill days, has boeu offered. Tho whole of the landed and proportiod classes of tho Empiro will risn in rebellion. Should Mr Gladstono carry his measuro through tho Commons or not wo may oxpeot political fighting such us was nevor kuown in England, dissolution after dissolution, if not almost tho overthrow of order and l-tw. If ho is de feated iu tho Commons ho will st.ek the polling boxo», and with tho new voto, will corao b »ck strongor than ever. It is a torrible battlo Cor a man to outer upon when neat' eighty years of age. Mr Gladstono hna probably adopted' this expedient boeau oho fails to soo any other method of getting rid of Irish dis content, which is working havo ? in the Empiro. T loro is no doubt that jf tho Irish ghost was laid the wholo of the English spoiling races would becomo ono. Repeatedly it has threatened to cause a disastrous ?var between thomothor, England and tho daughter, America. Mr Gladstone believes that in tho interests of tho Angln-Saxon raco this ghost mu^t bo laid atulL hazirds. If ho does lay it, oven by tho extraordinary and uuprecedeutod romody proposed, ho will have ac complished a mikado. Ireland will then vanish and the n\co bocomo ono. Irish agitators in Amoricu and clsowharo will bo tho g o.itost lours: thoir 0Cs.*u patiou will bo gono : And a good job, too. Perhnp* tlio most cheering thing in tho wholo hubb-.ib is tho conclusion of Air Paruoll's spocch at tho open ing of Purliumont — omphasizod by his recent lecom* innudation to discontinuo tho St. Patrick's Day pro cessions : ' Wo do not desire any conflict. Wo sue a wish on the part of Englishmen to study and under stand, with a view to its final settlement, this groat Irhh quo'stion, and we aro rosolved that no extrav agance o» our part of action, or of languugo, shall mar thochanc-s which wo beliovo tho country possesses for the first time in our history. ' Thbub appears to bo a uenoral a&ruemuut; that Mr Abbott's Rabbit Act has boon a f.iiluio. That gentle man who was its administrator until a fow months Hpo, htarted out on wrong linos. Ho destroyed local control, threw tho whole of tho administration into tho raetiopolia, and did away \yilb tfre bonus system. The result was tho appointment of an army of inspe-t ors and tho liko, and tho expenditure of a vast sum of money without any corresponding result. Tho rabbits aro worse to day than wh^n tho 4-ct was passed, and aro on the incroaso ovorywhoro. Providpnco, in tho shape of- two torriblo seasons, fought for Mr Abbott's Act and administration, but to no avail. It only wauts a really good season to bring out tho plague in its full strength. ' After a yoar had been dovoted to trying Mr Abbopt's ideas, he was compollrd to hark back, and to rovarfc to tho much abused bonus system*. And thoro is nov evidouco that one by one tho parts of his machinery must go; and that above all the local boards will bo revortod to. Wo havo on many pccisions pointed out thatin tie hands of the sufferers should lie tho remedy, with of course proper general supervision. What can bo done in tho way of divisional rabbit proof f encj-*, )yo havo not at prosont fully considered. Tlu expense will bp stjormous but there Is a Ijkolrhood ,that a systom of fencing off grad ually accompanied by complete extermination would accomplish what iu required. Say ior instanco, that tho Balratiald district was #rst fenced in and thon : the rabbits vigorously exterminated. 'The procoss ' could thpn bo rooeated in Hay, and so on. Thp value of thi* would bp that withjn uuch on aiea tho exter mination, if in tho.. hands of local boards, would bo thorough, and tho rabbiU could corao from nowhere olsi. ? At present no matter bojr onp settlor or a district exterminate?, room is only mado for surplus rabbits from othor stations or districts. This makes peoplo apathetic. It is no use cleaning ono's honso if our neighbor immediately mak©3 it his lumber room. We heiipvp it is timo the settlers generally met and propounded to £hp Government n set of principles which they wiBh applied for tho amondmontof the Act. Th«Mfl principles wo tliipk eljoyld bo three: Local boards, a pop-i bonus system, and thp syufem of sec 1 tioual foncing with u view to oxterminiuto jn blocks I at a timo and to prevent tho invasion of rabbits from othor rtffs or districts. Action is required immediately. A WPi'LKMB^T tho Government Gazette issued on ' Tuosday contains the following important notification by the Ministor of J/uicJ* :—' Department of Lands, Sjfdnoy, March 1Q, ' 1§80. It is hero'iy notified .for general information .that tho applications particularised in tho fallowing 'schq^ule, which havo boon mado i^ider theproviMions of the 52nd i clauso of Urn Crown Lands Act of -1884 for tho con version o( pre-emptive iuto conditional lease, have noen approved by Spcretary for Lands, subject however to any nlteratioo o^.j^rea or reservation or: ?ovuraption for any roads that n?ay bi-vo boon or may -?0 found uecAs^arv .or desirable, and subjoct also to iny other actions or limitations which zpay have beoo or may bo fouud necessary or expediont. -The rents;: ponding their ultimata sott Lament after inspection of : loud; have been (oxcept in any special cases indicated) : iidcutatodnt thonunimum rate of 2d p-racre per ad-; iium, »hiih rate may Ue increased, nnd sbQuJd it bo, j Iuh notice will be given. The balances duo to com -deto tho routs for 1885, together with the rent for 1886, must bo paid to tho Uiider-SacraUry for Finauco and Trade or the lands egents forth* rosppctivp die triciji $n 0? before April 16 next, subject, if not paid i ' iZ during this torm,.to tho ponaltios imposod by tho 96th clauso of tho Crown Lands Act of 1884. For 1887 and any following yoar tho ront must-bo paid during Sep tember of tho yoar preceding that for which it msy bo intendod, subject if not paid, to tho penalties imposed by tho DOth clauso of tho Act boforo mentioned. Honry Copohnd. Tho local applications will bo found olsowhoro. St Patrick's Day was spout in Hay quintor than ovor wo romenibor. Thoro was hardly tho 'shako of leg,' certainly not tin ' twist of a stick.' Boyond a crickot match in tho nftornoon and a calico ball in tho ovoning, thoro was nothing to signaliio tho day. At Narrandera, howovor, thoro woro high jinks, nnd tho day was kept up with spirit. On tho previons ovon ing a Brass Band, imported from Sydney (tho sonior membor for the Murrumbidgeo, tho Colonial Socretary, having given tho handsmon passes) played all ovor ' tho town, and tho stroots prosontod, for Narrandora, qnito alivoly appoaranco. On tho 17th tho Hospital Sports, held about two milos from tho town, woro attendod by ovor a thousand peoplo, £48 boing taken at tho gates. Tho gonoral result was highly satis factory, as it is oxpoctod to clear about £150 for tho Hospital. Tho Chiuoso gavo £50 ns n donation, instoad of coming out in costumo ns tboy promisod. Altogether Tuesday, Wodnosday and Thursday woro lively days in Narrundora. Thoro woro a concert and ball in tho evening. What has como ovor Hay that Narrandora should beat it hollow in what was onco its poculiar forto ? If wo woro to got upsomothing of tho kind, that is as Narrandora got it uo, at Easter, wo might see 2000 pooplo on tho ground and tho Hospital would so bonofit that wo would hardly know it iu a yoar; at all ovonti tho monoy might plant troes and raako a pleasant garden around it. At tho concert hold at Narrandera on Wednesday tho two porformors who appeared most npprocintod woro Maxtor and Miss Lyne\ tho children of a ono ! tiran well known rosidont of Hay. Mastor Lynch ! sang 'Tho Englishman'' and aftertrards took 'p--r5 j with his sister in tho amusing duot ?? Matrimony.' »Vk ; rogrot to hoar that Mr Rnopo is seriously ill. j All will hopo ho will soon ro rain his hoalth. Evkuy day brings ovido/ico of tho wonderful pro ductiveness of this district, under proper, conditions. This week Mr Terry has shown us somo magnificont peaches, tho produco of n tree in his gardmi. The peaches aro of tho Royal George kind, vory large, with rich orango flodi and a mo«t pleasant Hub-acid flavor. TI10 treo is only yo-ing, having wo beliovo, been planted by Mr Macarhur, who was C P. S. horo at on^ timo. Tin: Victorian Railway Commissi -nors havo at last succeed od in making arrangements with tho New South Walos railway authorites to roduco tho timo occupied in running tho oxpro3s train from Sydney to Molliouro by thir'y-nino miimto?. An almost corro-- ponding ndvantagn willnlso bo gained by tho oxpross running from Melbourne to Sydney. Fair rlav is bonnv nlav. Ton nfr«n enu.n»;n.,:... and royivalints are treated vory rouahly and cry out about it. The religious peoplocan, itappcars, bo just as intolortnfc ns tho fekoletons. Mr Symos,' tho free thought locturos, has bo^n trying to lecture in tho re ligious centre of Victoria, Woo'lond, Kyneton and such places, and narrowly owcaped boing killed. Of course AlrSyme*, evon out.-ido his athoism, in a most obfnc tionablo person, but for all that ho should havo fair play, and we aro glad to see that thoRov. Mr Herring, tho vicar of Kyneton, strikes tho true noto on tho matter. Ho says :~I »mcoroly hopo that tho Wood end proceedings will not be imitatod in Kynoton. Lot mo earnestly intreat nil friends of Christianity to refrain from any word or act which will disgraco their faith. Our religion cannot bo maintained, or advanced by ' rotteu eggs,' or by persecutions in any shapo Christians havp in all countries been tho rorsocutod, lot it not bo said that wfte^o wo aro tho majoritv, wo aro roady to pent-cute tho minorifcv. Let it not bo Raid that wo aro afraid of, or opposod to, freedom of thought. Wo aro eortninly opposod to MrSymos, nob becau-o of tho freodom of his thought or tho profun dity of his knowledge of scionco, but bo?auso wo object to his scurrilous ubuso of our faith, and hi^viliftcation of ovorything wo hold sacred, and of ovoryono whom wo raverenco. But Christ when !io was roviled, re vile 1 not again. We are not compelled to go to the Mechanics' to hoar Mr Symes* blasphomios. If ho 'swears at Urge' thoro in empty space, ho will hurt no ono r/iit himself, and his friend who pays for tho hall and tho gas. Lot mo request, thon, all members of my own church to «tay away. I shall feol humili ate I if the act of any ono of them disgraeos us in the eyes of fair and right-minded men. Lot us not defend our faith by unjust and un-Christian moans. Let us rather pray for Mr Symes, that his heart may bo changed by the graco of God. Lot us remember what f he great apo*tlo Sf Paul says concerning himself: ' I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, for that ho eountod' mo frithful, appointing mo to His service, though I was before a blasphemer, and a- persecutor, and injurious; howbeit I obtained mercy, becaasol did it ignornntly in unholief. (I Tim. 1, 12-13.) Such transformations from darkness unto light, thank God, have taken pi ce in t he past, and will occur again and a'juin. * ? A cojjnEsro.vnKN r at Mossgiel writes The conntry is getting very dry about horo, and sadly 'needs rain. The homestead lessees are waiting patiently for tho surveyors to complete their survey, Tub nnnivorsary of the Bishop of Riverina's instal lation was tho 18th inst. In commemoration of this an ar.wigom^nt has been mado next wenkforagatho.* in-.; of as many of tfio clergy of tho diocese as* can con veniently corao. Tbo evening of Tuosday next, tho 23rd, and tho .whole of 'Wednesday will bo taken np with Diorosan matters. Thursday and Friday will bo qniot days for tho clergy, under the direction of tho Ven. Archdeacon Julius, of Ballarat. Holy Com m inion will be celebrated at 7.30 on tho mornings of Wednosday, Thursday, and Friday, to which all com municants aro invitod. On Wednesd-ty evening, tho 34th, at 8 o'ekek, a public mooting of tho Rivorina Church Soeioty (which corresponds in this Dio*oso to tho Bishop of Molbourno s Fund in Victoria), will bo held in St. Paul's school-room. This mooting will be preceded by a mooting of tho Committee of tho Church Soeioty nt half past seven. On Friday ovon in-r, tho 20th, afc8 o'clock, a sorvico will bo held in St Paul's Church, for tho public generally, whon Arch deacon Julius will bo tho preachor. ' It is oxpocted that Archdeacon Julius will remain in Hay ovor. Sun day, the 28th. Tho only civil enso nt tho onsuing Assizes is that of Poareo'v. Meakcs. It will bo heard on t'»o 2nd April. It is a suit for £500, balance of ront alleged to bo due and for damngos alleged to havo beon sustained by reason of fho promisor having beon dostroyod by firo. Tho circumstances will bo frosh in tho minds of our readors. Wo hear that Mr Brongh U acting for Mr JJeakos nnd Mr Rood for Mr Pearco. Tiie counsel have not beon spttlpd cpon. We woijld roquost fha^pnraons who aond to for thofi st tin?o should sjgn ti^oir names lo?ibly. Their slgnofcuros may bo porfoefcly good tkoir banker^ but as w.o have not that honor wo would like to havo something decipherable. If wo fail in addrossing ordors correctly this will explain, Mn Harley Tarrant, licensed surveyor, has within tho last threoweoks completed tho survey of no loss than ploypu homestoad leases, comprising an aroa of upwards of 100,0 $ ijcrps. If all tho surveys woro completed a? promptly as this his bgon dono wo think thoro would bo loss cause for grumbling thau thore is at prosont, and tho people would - bo more speedily settled on the land. Wunrp vorysorry to soo that tho nttondanco at drill of tho volunteers is very poop. Our corps has got the best namo in thp colony, ^rid our volunteers should try thoir best to keep it by attending thoir d-ilK so as to ffuko themselvos officient. Wo think it most probablo that tljfl Hay corps will bo called awav at Eastortotho oncanjpmont, end thoy should attend their drill njpro rpgular/y, so thnt they may make as good a show as thoy did who? tbpy \yerp in Sydnoy. T'lR Rf-y Quartor Sessions begin on Monday, Forbos vyiH pro?|do and Mr Ral»t'n will be tho Crown Prosecutor. Tho following cases will be triod:— Wni M'Phpo, uttpnjpt to'comiflit eujei^e; Edward Lennox, falso pretencps; Mar|a IJurnoti, Jarcpny; . ^ohn Robert Heuderson, broking i-ndontoring i-dwplljng house. At the Circuit Court to bo held bore on the 31 fc March, tho principal case will bo the Silverton mur der. Chief Justice Martin will pro^ido. Tub hospital warden acknowledges with thanks tho receipt of a quantity of calico from the promoters of I tho rpcpnt caj.ico l-a)}. ' A VRinr succoysfijl colonist indoed4 Mr Mortimer Frankiyn, Ute of tha Victorian Review, Federal 4vs tralian and Evening World started in Melbourne with ? a capital cf £1 4s, nnd finished by becoming insolvent, for £30,000.f StcxsRW is very prevalent at prosont in Hay, typhoid fover bejng ^brqi^d as usual in autumn. The Council should make somp pn^eapor £0 cleanse the back parts'of tho towij. Ins.overal bagk ?lroQts thp 1 condition of .things is puch that wopanbot byt wonder half the pooplo are hot down. On reading tho start of the following par we were quitp alarmed for our esteemed contemporary tho. Bourk$ }Yqtchman ftutas wo dipped a littlo more wo becanie calmer; — our jnsidp— ^hroyg)^ somo bungling aomowhere— prptty'freqiipnt latply—Qur psjdp ^jiqot has not come to hand in time /or this £3890. Probacy it will arrive in timo for no^fc, but regularity with some people is of no moment.' ' ' Ipyou want to eave your Rent buy your Boots at P, B. Terry and Cp. ISOlnb ; ^ .. ! ? Rrckivhd : Gordon ftnd Gotch's; Australian Hand book for 1886; as usual full of 'ovory information. This is now ono of (ho best works of tho kind in tho' world. The only fault wo can find is that tho maps aro npt npw. Tho map of Molbourno would do for 20 yoars back, but not for tho prosont timo. Tun troiisnror of tho Calico Ball Committee informs us tho roneipts woro £14 Ss 6d, the disbursomonts £11 8s Od loaving a surplus of £2 15s for tho hospital. Besides this thoro is tho calico, which is valuod nt £1. A Cahco ball was hold on St. Patrick's night at tho Acadom/ of Mu*ic. There was a good nttondanro nnd suflieiont calico was contributed by tho fair onos to koop tho hospital for a yoar. It is is anticipatod that after oxponsos havo boon paid about £6 in cash will bo handed to tho hospital. Evkryonr allows that cancer is tho most terriblo of all disoasos and that the man who finds ncuro.'if only for its mildost and oariior forms' will bo tho oqual of Dr. Jonnor. Mrs Mary Ann Clifton of Dry Lake, Corrong, informs us that she has for yoars boon Buffering from a cancorous tumour of tho broast, for which liko tho woman in Scripturo, oho has consulted 'many physicians' in vain. After trying sovpral Europoan surgeons, »ho wont to a Ohinoso doctor at Sandhurst, but though experiencing somo roliof from him hor pationco bocamo oxhausted, and hearing of Mr Watson, of Kynoton, sbo decided to givo him a trial. Mr Watson is an old gentleman in his 83rd year, who*livos noar Kynoton, and is iv specialist in cancor. Mrs Clifton placed herself in his hand-, and hoappliod his romedios. In 26 days tho cancor enmo out, loaving a largo aperture, which took sovon woeks to ho;vl. L'ho wound, howovor, now rosomblos only an 1 ordinary burn. Mrs Clifton who is 05 years of ngo flpocdily regained her strongth, and now declares sho fools as woll as whon she was forty years of ago. Tho | marvol of tho euro is Mrs Clifton's ago. Fow if any I surgeons would droam tff operating on so aged n j woman. M*\s Clifton feels convincod sho is per- I manontly curod, -n«l i « naturally full of gratitude to I Mr Watson, of w ho-o praisos yhe is full. 4 Tho Ki/nc - | ton Guardian says : Mrs Clifton is aunt to Mrs Moss, , wifo tho Kvneton stotion-mnster. Tho famo of Mr ! I Watson's cancor euro is spreading. Thoro is now in Kynoton a medical gentleman from Adelaide who has ! brought his wifo ovor and placed hor in Mr Watson's ! hands for tho removal of a cancor. ^ Boyd nnd Kiug ndvoriiso good chance? to obtain farms nt I Gosford, on easy terms. BoolUnl Impounding appear elsewhere. Charles L. Urlflltbs and Co. hold.n special horse salo at Alburyon tho 26th March. E v«n«clicitl Band mcoUnf?, Tojnpcrnnco HnlJ, noxt bnudny at 4p.m. i(fr Gunning advertises lie fc-a huyarot station produce. Tenders for deepening tho Willaudrn woll aro called for. Farmers' excursions are again ndvortisod. Mr Willsmcr holds important sales to-dny. 