Old Scotland. Dk. Ewjab, the [uiW- clfrfryniHii »fj Maucliliiif, lius Uen s--uiolii'S Mini.- | nncipiit reonnls of Suutlaii :»'-l b::s re- 1 pmdut'cd llieiu ill t lie new K'Jise °f j tiiren, uiiilerlhi'-ii'tli; of 'Oid church Life in Scotland.' Referring to the churoli ?- It ii ii H n-il VHHrtf flffO COlieUIIOUO ? ..u-. ? .- ----- - r were a means of raising money for tne poor, Dr. E'igat wye : I can furmt-h statistics which will help to show what was the measure of Christiuu lilieraljty ia Alauchline a hundred vears ago. The number of communicants who partook of the sacrament at Mauchline iu 17SS was 1400 ; and itis not improbable that in the church or churchyard there were that day other 1400 worshippers who did not com municate. The total amount collected for the poor oil that bright autuniu Sab bath of high solemnity was £4 14s. 10d., 11'Q n.i ii . .n Dull) pninmunirallt. therefore, who sat at the Lord's table | that day, and was exhorted to extend his I charity, there was less than a penny cou- j tributed to the poor; and if there were as ; mauy non-communicating as eominuni- j eating worshippers at the cburoh or tent service, the average coutributiou all over must have beeu less tliau a half penny each.' Some rather mean tricks appear to have been played Willi the collecting box : — 'III the records of Maucliline Session the following entry occurs, under dale 17-18 : — ' Found iu the box, of good money, £68 7s. lid. Scots ; aud of trad copper, £48 19s. 7d.' Aud for many years :iiu-r- j wards, when tlie Mauchliue kirk-box was | opened, a similar fact was revealed. For I every three pennies of good copper, there i were two of bad. The conclusion is forced | ou our mind that iu olden times a large | number of people kept their bud coppers for charitable purposes, so as to appear to be giving lo the poor, when tbe.v were uot giving, and to be lending to the Ij' rd. wheu they were holding back, and the left haud doubtless kuew ou these occa sions what the right haud did.' The indiscriminate method of relieving the p:.or iu Scotland naturally produced a host of beggar-, » Jio appear, iioive iw, to have bsen tieated will, much imii sideration: — 'A niiiMikablf feature in the old sessional entries of donations l-- casual p.upers was their kindlinet-.- of ^viiressioli. 'IV Li del- laoj;i:iue is invari ably used, and the oljicts of relief are designated by words lh:it spriuj: from coujpa-sion aud awaken pity. In the Slauehiiue records we read of ' diMre.-se.l gentlemen' and 'carta way sailor.-,' ami although supplicants aie s.-iui times de scrioed iu a way thai i- more graphic thau sympathetic, suell as ' Turkey John,' 'Dumb Hugh,' aud 'a man with a polypus ou his nose,' there is want of that uuadjecliveii baldue.-s whii.ll is characteristic of modern officialism. In the records of Galston Session a similar sympathy appears united with a similar pointed to be made in Gulston on behalf of a pool man 'trysted with a sad dis pensation of fyr. The same year a dona tion was sent lo -an old godly sick man iu Lorn.' A less sympathetic entry, however, appears tbe year after, in the following terms, 1 !o a l'aslav body called Findlay.' Some'imes very sorrowful tales, both of calamity aud persecution, were comprised in entries of gifts to vagrants. In 1642 ihcre were collected at Galeton, ' for tbe help of those poor naked people come Irom Ireland, 50 jnerks.' In 1GS8 there was given by the Session of Mauchline 30s. Scots to 'Mr. Samuel Muet. late minister at Kirkcou liel, and uow uuaer straits.' This Mr. Muet was one of ibose faithfui ministers who were deprived of their office for re fusing to take the test iu 1681, and were then left to starve iu the cold.' Iu olden times Scotch clergymen were frequently compelled to eke out a living by keeping taverus. Iu 1576, we learn, the General Assembly exhorted such ' ministers aud readers as tapped ale, and kept open tavern to preserve decorum within their premises ; aud 60 or 70 years later a clergy man was actually deposed for selling drink. In 1C03 a minister was accused of msking ' acquavita?.' He admitted that ' his wyfe made acq uavitae for their 'awin use, but sells uane.' The Presbytery bade bim to ' by acquavitte and mak nane.' gHere is the way iu which, in the good old flays, a school holiday wasoften spent : 'The schoolroom was lurued into a cockpit, and every boy that owned a gamecock brought his bird to the school to compete for honours in bloody aud deadly combat. Tbe ow ners of the cocks paid to the schoolmaster a small sum, in name of entry mouey, aud those who did not provide a combatant had to pay an extra fcum for admission to the spectacle. It was a gala day in the schoolmaster's calendar, for lint ouly had he tbe benefit of pocketing I Lie entry and admission mouey, but he had tlie privilege of pick ing up the carcases oftheslaiu and seizing tbe persons of the fugitives.' Tbe kirk Sessions, we are told, as re cently as 140 years ago, acted in tbe capacity of bankers, pawnbrokers, and bill-exchangers. Among tbe records having reference lo the pawubroking business is a list of pledges and bills iu the custody of tbe Minister of Mauchline in 174-5. The pledges include live gold rings, six billK, aud ' thirty two pounds four shillings aud six penuies of bad money in two bags,' which bad been deposited as security against advances or loans of money by the Kirk Session. . An American statesman unec applied tu the well known humorist, Mark Twiun, for liis opinion on some State affair. Receiving no answer lie wrote a bccond letter, enclosing a stamped envelope, wliieli elicited the following reply: 'Dear Sir, — Received stamped en velope ; kindly supply inewith a sheet of note, and oblige yours truly, M.T.' Flobilikk ! — Fob the Teeth a:-d Bbe vth — A few drops of the liquid ' Floiiline ' sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush proiuci-H a UfVior tcliir-h ( l.nrnl, r.li K- il„. teeth ffam all paras'tes or impurities, har tem the gum?, (Tevents tartar, stops decay, givee o the lee'}] a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance lo the breath. It removes all unpleuant odour&!ni'-£from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. ?' The Krserant Floriline,' bcirg in uart of Hom y and ewcut herb?, in delicious lo the tarte, and the greatest toilet discovery of tno age. Price 2', fid., of all Cbemifits and Per'uniers. WhoJesa'e depot 33, Knrringdon Bond, London. Ghosts. — An attempt is beiDp made in the old country lo revive the belief io visitant from Anot her world, aud uiany are the wonder ful stories that fill some of the journals The sceptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marlej'e ghost ! ' How do I know that job are not a bit of undigested bread 1' for, of all tbe ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread is the moBt potent. It is a won der, therefore, tbat people do not adopt tbe aureet spell againet ghofts by csing Borwick'e Gold Medal Baking Powder in mukixx bread ; for, although it won't ' raise gboPtV il V'ill ruse bread in tbe most admiiahle fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and Verv good houMwine buys it. Shall CAWTM.IST6 wishing tr Establish a Business should see if there it an opening for a Itinera! Water Manufactory in their district, A'l information and receipts for tbe purpose ti mii^og lemonade, Soda Water, tic., is givon ? - preriotiV knowledge is nit necessajy. Tne demand for t?'ese drinks is so much on the in crease, in all pari*0' the world, that tbe outlay for the machinery in CMes ,eads ' a Profi able and safe business. vfl»te1°glie forwarded tree, or can lie hu^ at the office* P&P;*? °P paymen of Is.— Babnett and b iT*rfcs' naen 230, Fornton street, London N. 