THE SUNKEN TREASURE, The Yankee continued--' I remembered your word and your promises, if so be I could save the young man. Same time there was the reward of the old one; so I soon chalks out -how to split the wood, and I pretends to be quite taken with the sport going on at their table, and asks leave to join the party, as polite as a Frenchman to a bear. 'Well, I plies the Irishman with drink to the best of my ability (and he was well inclined that way) till he thought they were all blue 'devils shining about him in the flames, and . dropped asleep in that ar comfortable persuasion ! I tuck the earliest opportunity to warn Mr. Frederick how all was discovered-how I didn't want to have him, but how I was determined to secure the actual murderer of Jemmy Brice. How the notes were of no use to him, and how I inust insist upon his returning them to the rightful owner, with compliments, and a deal of' palaver of that sort ! You may think 'how taken aback he was. There wasn't a hair on his head but what bristled up. And the wench got into the most feverish fright I ever saw, though I've seen a little of life, too, in my times, and. threw herself on her knees before me, and prayed .and beseeched me to spare her sweet heart, for the sake of her unborn baby, and all manner of stuff like that !' ' Indeed !' said Purday, drily. 'But it wasn't for her sake I spared him, you know, Miss !' continued Leppard, confi dentially, to the young lady chiefly interested. in his tale. "I promised you one hundred million dollars and a sack of diamonds, to save him -and you saved him !' exclaimed Catoline, with a frantic laugh. 'You take me, I see !' resumed Leppard. 'And I saved him I-I did I I gave him a recommendation to a friend of mine-a ship master, who happened at that very time to be ilaking up to-leave the harbour, by good luck. Between you and me, Miss, a slaver, that's in a rare way of business between Guinea and the Brazils, though I s'pects, out of compliment to prejudices, Mr. Frederick don't mention what kind of trade he was was going to drive ? And I stood over him while he packed up the notes, in three separate parcels, . with letters to yourself and the old gentleman here. But perhaps they ain't yet come to hand, are-they ?' Caroline again burst into a wild, ringing peal of laughter I ' Have you anything else to say?' resumed Mr. Purday. 'Only, finding the girl couldn't at that moment, conveniently go on board with him, it was agreed between them that she should stay in England till he could send' for her, and that he should write a letter recommend ing her to Miss Sidney's protection, and blackening Mr. Augustus with being her seducer I And she was to stand to it, in case she was brought forward anyhow, because of his family being so rich, and his accidentally kissing her once in the school-room i But I can't say I think it fair, so I'll tell out what I heard.' ' You may, go, sir !' said Mr. Purday. 'I promised you nothing, but I feel that I owe you some recompense for the return of the money. Though the young villain himself, should never, by my consent--' 'Give him all that belongs to me ! My share in the paper-works and all, Guardy !' interrupted Caroline, at this instant. 'He deserves it all!-He .has saved me, you know, from being buried alive with Frederick, and--' 'Hadn't you better call in advice for the lady ? She looks rather feverish, Mr Purday;' ' Give it him all, this instant, I insist upon it !' continued Caroline, with strange vehe mence. 'I shall be blessed when I have nothing I Frederick will love me then again ! I know h'e will !' " ' My dear child I-Julia, haid she not better retire, and' take sonie rest ?':said: Mr. Purday. ' For three nights:: she" has . constantly refutsed I' sobbed Julia. ' ' 'You are the principal cause of'it,' said Purday, not knowing how truly he spoke. ' Keep a civil tongue, in 'your head, Britisher 1 I ain't used to be licked with a file I' returned Leppard. ' We must send for Dr. Chambers !. My sweet ' child, 'don't you know me ?' said Purday. ' And don't you know me, young lady ?' echoed Leppard, rather alarmed now -at the consequences of the excess of the emotion his slanderous falsehoods had produced. 'Keep him off, Guardy! Itis the ghost of the haunted mill I A devil now, they all say I' exclaimed Caroline, . shuddering fearfully away. Theti, as if seized with a sudden panic of terror, she sprang from the arms of Julia, and before any one could; prevent her, had rushed to the door, opened it, and-dashed with considerable violence against Mrs. Pophly, who was listening at it-fled, with a succession of heart-rending shrieks, down.the stalrs I She waspursued-broughtback. Dr.Cham bers was sent for; Leppard ordered out of the house; and, before morning, MissSidney was declared to be in danger of her life, in the height of a nervous fever. CHAPTER L. Meanwhile Augustus pursued his route to London, resolving the best means ofexecu ting his portion of the divided task. The idea of fulfilling his contract with Mary Rourke, and of thus becoming entitled to the possession of the dangerous documents he sought to recover, ndver entered his head. But how else was he to affect his purpose ? This was the subject of his incessant meditations until he arrived in London. He put up, purposely, at an obscure hotel in the city. He ordered a bed, and partook of some refreshments, and true to the minute cunning of his character, informed the waiter he was going to the play, and should not return till late. Rourke had given him the direction of the place whither he had forwarded his un happy daughter. And Augustus easily found his way to Mrs. Sellshore's house in Tothill street. This matron was a good deal surprised not to say startled-when Augustus presented himself in her ,magazine, and inquired if a young woman, of the name of Rourke lodged there ? ' My stars ! are you the gintleman that she says is coming up from the country to marry her ?' exclaimed the old woman. 'I am a son of the clergyman of her parish in the country, and a near relation of her father's late employers, and I come on a solemn and a sorrowful mission to the un fortunate girl ' 'r am very glad to hear you say so, sir iI That will bring her to her senses, if anything can. 'Could I see the poor creature, for a few minutes ?' said Augustus. 'You needn't call her 'poor,' young gentleman! She seems to have money enough, if it's honestly come by.' 'It is very likely !-Her betrayer is a young man who has been treated for years as a confidential clerk in a large establishment, from which he has finally fled, with a very considerable sum of money unaccounted for,' said the visitor. Could I see her. 'There is nothing to hinder you that I know of-if your eyes are pretty good, and you go up to the two pair back. Augustus felt that this would never do and he expressed himself to the effect, though in other words. 'Rebecca,"tell Mrs. Wildgoose to come down, and say that-who shall she say wants to see Mary Rourke sir?' said Mrs. Sellshore, awed by the tone of the young man. 'Be so good as to say-you had better say that the Reverend Mr. Pophly of Brook's son has called.upon particular business. Rebecca ascended, laden with her message, which she , endeavoured, by assiduous conning, to keep verbatim in her mental repositories, until she reached the second pair back. 'Miss Rourke, mother says-no,,the young gentleman says-there's a young gentleman, come with a message, wants to see you, if you're at home,' said Rebecca as, fraught with her intelligence, she abruptly pushed open the door of Mary Rourke's room. Mary was seated at a small round table, covered with articles of needlework. Mary was sewing away with a rapidly gleaming needle. 