J* ■ m ^jtaxinnr XiiCHEX was toy young man, and Ut«l «U camA from being bona in foreign porta, and might have happened to any' one; bat my mother «tt ^American— ; j^iwwumi to the backbone, she'd often sayj; end she had^a way of showing for ««frn» their place, that wasn't pleasant to them? &nd; sometimes it provoked so ihey!d up and give her a piece. of their mind—a thing'she couldn't put up tjnth, is she -said, -'Ooming of s decent family that hadno forfeigdfers in it. '* Sophia, my dear, we're all foreigners in one part of die world or another," my father would say. "If we were to go to Tfoflatnl, fiophia, we would be foreigners there, you know," , M But pother she'd hot believe it. them would be foreigners all the same," she'd say, *c wherever we were. And how you could like to think of yourself « such; I do not know." And I could^t tefl which was right, for I was not book-leamed, but . help where we were born. . " Ob, hidther/' Itueed to say, "I do declare to gracious its real mean of you to talk ao offwor Antony;! If he'd robbed a bank you could'nt go on worse 1". But all motherwould say was, y . " OH, Jane 1 Jane 1 hour can you be so besotted with the Batch?" "Tisn't the Dutch, ma," says L . " It's AntoDy all by himself." " And that's exactly the same thing," eaysshe. ,i Oil, it was dreadful! Sally Ann bad ! her young mam - He was a farmer. And j Amelia had hers. He was a farmer, too. I I'm sure neither of them wasasnice as my Antony Lichen. But mother never said a word against 'embecaUser—ab I said once when I was dreadful mad, regularly hopping—they grew on the soil tiled the <;| cabbages. Sally Ann might have her company a Sunday evening, and Amelia Matilda her'n a Wednesday, but there ] was hbtirae for us. V •••;•>• '-j I "wasn't naturally sly. I wouldn't1; have yon think that of me for worldB. But yoursteady company is^yopr sfceadycom- j pany, comewhat may, and we made tip our j minds we'd see each other whether folks , liked it or not} That was the way it began. .! What began ? Oh, his coming sly into | the sewing-room on the second floor, where the machine was ; getting, first on the fence and then on the shed, and then in at the window. And Fd say to mo ther, "Mother Fm going up to sew," j And she'd say, " Well, Jane, just as you ; like." And then I'd go up there; and when I put my candle in the window, in would come Antony; and X work the treadle with my foot to drown our voices. The room was a little one, and nil it held was the machine and one cane-chair, and one big arm-chair, with a striped chintz cover. Oh, yes, and a peach basket we Use for our work. Two peo ple about filled it up, but Antony used to say it was just like heaven. Antony was very poetical. If mother only could have overlooked his being Dutch, Fm certain sure she'd have said so too. Well, it was delightful. I never was happier. Every time the stairs creaked, we thought it was ma, who is a very 1 fleshy lady. And I used to think that if Antony should jump out of the window j in a hurry, and get down the wrong side into the cistern .and be drowned, what a dreadful thing it would be. Or even if he wasn't drowned, our watch-dog, Bose, might take into his head to hold him, and pa had a guu, and of course he'd think it was a robber. Every horrid picture I could think of I did ; but these things never turn out as you expect they will. What you dread never happens, and what you don't does. We might have been meeting in that sewing room yet, for all I know—me and Antony—if it hadn't been for the arm coming off that pesky chair. What took it off I don't know, but off it was anyhow; and pa, who is a great hand to mend things, lugged it away up garret to mend it. When he got it mended he had to leave it until it set of course ; and that evening there was only the one com mon chair and the peach-basket in the room. Antony set en the peach-basket turned bottom-upwards, and I sat work ing the machine; and we were talking and whispering and kissing as folks that liked each other as we do, you know, when all of a sudden creak, creak, went the stairs. " That's ma," says I. "It is nobody, said Antony. " It is the usual false alarm." Creak went the stairs again. "'Tis ma this time," says I. And just then I heard some one fum- ' bling in the dark for the handle of the , door. There was no time for Anthony j to get out of the window, but a sudden | notion seized me—an idea that seemed to ' fall from the stars. The slip-cover of the ! armchair hung over the machine, and as Anthony sat on the peach- basket I slipped it over his head. He took the I idea in a minute, and slipped his hands j into the right place, and there he was, a | chintz-covered arm-chair, and nothing else. Scared as I was, I couldn't help laughing when I saw ma there looking straight at it, and never guessing it was anything but what it seemed. " How industrious you be to-night, Jane,'" said she. I've come up to tell you Dominie Saybrook's son is in the par ; lour, enquiring for you. You might put i on your white dress and that set you had for Christmas, before you come down, I should think. Your hair is sproozy. | Seems funny to me how your hair comes to be mussed. I never saw it nicer than it was at at tea." Now, I hated Dominie Saybook's son. The peskiest critter I ever saw, and I ' wouldn't have had him if he'd been made lonflg. -Biiti knew that ft lor mot man to *»sj much lonjglr; ami be waels little jealot of Sfttn Ijiaybrook, and if he was to wrig gle over so little,, ma'4 see him certain sure. So I didn't make any answer but— "« Jla^sapl^e||||o; the door in a hhr^ nopiiHB she'd come] after tne to my bedroom and give poor Antony a chance. But what were my feelings when ma ] jutt turns about and goes past me, and ] says she: , *ni jest sit down In the armchair and | -east a bit, for them steep stain alien] takes my breath away." *: J And down she sot., J heard the peach -haalcet go squash, and I heard Antony cry out5" Ach ELimmeland there they were Jlat -on the door,' ma atop and Antony's head smothered up in the hdver. I gave u^all for lost, andjuststood and shruck, whenall of a sudden up jumped ma mid rnshdd hut |3f ^he nxmi ^th her .hands " Oh, ma Ima!" sayB I. ■ * Oh, Jane! Jane !" says she. " I never expected to see a miracle. It's a sign of death," says' she; " I know I ® We'd |jb|pmfc> ^ttj&# dininglcchm now, and there was pa and the help, and sister Sally Ann uuLhfr beaU) qq4. Amelia Me tildaand her'n. j i "Oh, what-is the matter?" says one, and, "oh, what is the matter?" says t'other. ',.t i I held "my tongue, for I saw ma hadn't found out Antony yet. " Oh ! oh! oh !" says ma. " Oh ! oh ! oh! You won't believe me, I know, but Jane saw it. I went to sit down in the arm-chair ih the sewing-room—the chintz i arm-chair you: know—and it swore Dutch; an me, and tumbled, dcrwn. Its a miracle, I know. It's a sign and a token, and I'll be gone before a year is passed. I'mi . skeered to death. I'm skeered to death !" : " Nonsense, Sophy," says pa. There ain't no armchair in the sewing-room. It's up in the garret amending." " Tell you I saw it," says ma. " Didn't I, Jane ? Didn't I sit in it, and it swore Dutch, and tumbled over." "I did see it," says I, "and it did go over." " Bother!" says pa. " I'll see for my self." . .. And upstairs he ran, and all of us after him ; but Antony was gone, and the red cover hung over the sewing machine. "There's no chair there,"'says pa. "Then," says poor ma, "I seen its ghost, or else Satan took the form of an arm-chair, for I swear it swore Dutch !" We had a dreadful time with ma that night, and X did not know what to do ; but I wrote a note to Anthony that morn-; ing, and he acted like a man. He came over and confessed, and I believed saved; ma's life; anyhow, she was so glad to find. there hadn't been any miracle after all, that she said she'd forgive us. And An tony did talk beautiful, I am sure ; and she said it was his misfortune, not his fault, to be a foreigner, and that he might come to see me when he chose ; and that's j how it all ended. And we're married now, and have fourteen children, and everything that heart can wish. And; Sally Ann is married to her young man, and Amelia Matilda to her'n, but they ain't neither of them as happy as me and j Antony, if we didn't have the fever and ague down to our place. I asked for she big arm-chair when I went to house-keepin'; and I sot by it, 11 can tell you. Sometimes I'll look at it! until I kinder think old courtin' days ain't \ gone, and Antony is inside of it, and | ma makin' ready to sit down. You see, | I'm a romantic disposition, and allers was.! 