*0^|e GHOST OF MÔNT-FLEtTEI. Some years »go, a series of disast-' rous events compelled me to seek some temporary res ti og-place more suited to my diminished fortunes than my -native land. My friends, disinterest- edly, recommended one of the moro distant colonies as the attest spot for the sceoe of my banishment ; but I thauked them, and preferring the .accessible shores of France, trans- ported înyseli and my " belongings " to a village in the north of that de- lightful country. Situated on the shores of a wide and lovely bay, the spot I had selected for my future residence was, properly speaking, a collection of bourgades, rather than one continuous town ; for although all the villages were pre- sided over by the same maire and the same municipal authorities, they stood at a considerable distance from each other, and had each, besides the corn mou name of St. Nevars, which be- longed to the municipality, a distinct and specific appellation or its own. The chateau of which I am about to -relate the history being situated iu the most easterly of these villages, I shall ?simply enumerate the rest-¡St. Loam, St. Ideal, La Boulais, La Gauletterie, Jjii Ville Pépin, Les Bas Sablons et Troquetain-aud resume my narra- te. A fine old building is the chateau of Mont-Fleuri, dating from the middle- ages, and but slightly af- fected by tlie great .Revolution which ?annihilated so many of its contem- poraries. At the time of my arrival in the district it was uninhabited, and had been for years, for it enjoyed the reputation of being haunted ; and, iudeed, scenes terrible enough had been enacted within its walls to dis- turb any spirit-however well inteu- j tioned and inclined to rest-that might have been an actor in them in the days of its flesh. Erected without much regard to symmetry or the .¡slightest prétention to comfort, Mont Fleuri is, however, nicely situated in the centre of a block of ten French «cres, partly laid out as a farm, and partly a pleasure ground and jardin j Anglais, and commands oue of the loveliest views imaginable, especially I -from the upper windows. j The bay, the several villages, with their picturesque old churches em- ; bowered amid groves of tilleul, the .curious old wind-mills perched on -every little eminence, the wide Ranee, . 'the mildest and yet most treacherous of rivers, the fields, gardens, and \--orchards of the peasantry, altogether make up a landscape of great beaut} ; an which, when viewed from other points, the wood of the Brilliantee ?and Chateau de M ont-Fleuri are not . the least attraq^ive feature. Upon proceeding, shortly after \my . arrival at St. Nevars, to visit the village of Paramer, in which Mont Fleuri is situated, I found that, tor '-once, rumour had not overstepped the truth when describing the lamentable «tate of neglect and ruin into which ?.that venerable edifice had been allowed to fall. Doors swung lazily on their rusty hinges, glass had quite disap- peared from the old-fashioned win- dows, the floors were actually over- grown in places with moss aud lichens, and the tapisterie had fallen in shredB from the green and mouldy v/allB. The garden was quite as deso- late as the house ; flowers and weeds were every where blended together in most unadmirable confusion; bowers were bowed to the earth by age, ne- glect, and an overwhelming weight of ?clematis¡and eglantine; a conservatory, which had once laid claim to elegance, was a hideous ruin, the abode of rats -and toads, that crouched beneath the relics of the exotics and fiowerpotB of former days. Everything about the place spoke of neglect and utter deso s- lation : and the cause which had transformed this Eden into a very desert was-a ghost ! The chateau, however, was to be let for a trifle; and undaunted by re- ports of uoctui nal visitants from an« other world, I took a lease of Monfc -Fieuri from the propriétaire, M. du Val, who agreed to put it iu somewhat better repair as speedily as possible. -*' Many uands make light work ;" and TA. du Val, glad to have let the place -at any price, in an incredibly short -«pace from the commencement of the renovating process, got everything set to rights ; and calling at our lodgings, one morning acquainted us with the desirable fact, that the chateau was ready for our occupation whenever we chose to take possession of it, which we accordingly did in the course of the ensuing week. Several weeks passed away at Mont Fleuri (of which we had taken possess- ion at the beginning of winter), and we found ourselves very comfortable. The chateau had been rendered wind and water proof, the garden set in thorough order, the farm partly laid under crop, the conservatory repared and partly filled, our bassecour stock- ed, and our Pepee (our only bonne) inducted into the mysteries of rosbif and biftec, which she had learned to prepare, as she, at all events, consider- ed a /' Anglaise. Our pigs fattened comfortably j our hens laid dozens of eggs; our pigeons hatched numerous couples of callow young, delicious in a pie; our cow yielded abundance of milk, cream, and butter ; and last, but not least, our baby throve as heartily as fond parents could desire ; but, above all, no, ghost, as we had indeed anticipated all along, had appeared upon the scene, to scare us from our property by unseemly gambols in the moonlight, or minuets upon the stairs or in the garret, to both of which amusements country gossip declared it to be addicted. Some twenty years or so previous to the date of our occupation, Mont Fleuri had been inhabited by a cer- tain Comte de Lue, an emigré, who had married during his ltsidence in England, a rich aud vulgar widow of the name of Smith, Upon his return to the native land, after the accession of Napoleon, M de Lue bad purchased and taken up his abode at Mont-Fleuri where he and his co int. ese entertained the neighbouring gentry with consider- able eclat. Among the guests thus admitted to the chateau was one Louvel, or, as he called himself, De Louvel, although the ennobling par- ticle was not generally looked upon as geuiune. Tais Louvel was a young man of mest engaging appearance, but as subsequent events too clearly proved, of some fiendish disposition who speedily contrived to ingratiate him- self, ^in no common degree, with both his hosts, by ministering with assiduous attention to their foibles. Madame la Comtesse loved flattery, and Monsieur le Comte had no less a partiality for wine, Louvel contrived to satisfy them both ; and, if report be- lies him not, M du Lue received from the hand of his guest some draught more potent than the Burguudy he loved, for, without any previous illness, he was found one morning dead in bed, after a carouse overnight, with his friend, who exactly three months after the funeral of her husband married the wealthy but by no means youthful widow. Not very long after- wards, this unhappy woman herself died broken-hearted, amidst the relics of her former for her grandeur, mi_ creaut husband, bad soon succeeded in dissipating the greater portion of her wealth. Louvel, shortly after these events, sold the chateau he had polluted by his crimes to a M de Chevremont, a ¡ scion of an old noble family, who held a high official appointment at St. Loam. ¡ This gentleman, though yet in the prime of life, had passed his premiere jeunesse; but madame was young, und extremely beautiful. In conse- quence of the appointment he held, M de Chevremont was frequently brought in contact with M Gaurou, the mayor of St Nevars, a young man of agreeeable appearance ana fascinating address. Official acquaint- ance ripened, in time, into private intimacy, and M le Maire became a frequent visitor at Mont-Fleuri, vv here he was always received with empres- sement by both monsieur and madame. Suddenly, the little world of St. Nevars was electrified by the intelli- gence that M le Maire was dying. A violent attack of typbus fever, it was said, bad rendered his recovery hope- less, and on the very day when this announcement was made to tht» Bor- rowing community, Monsieur and Madame de Chevremont drove to- gether, for the first time, through the streets of St. Nevara, every one remarking how charming madame looked-de si belles couleurs !-and yet, mournful to relate, that very same evening, after prematurely giving birth to a son, she expired, to the intense sorrow of her inconsolable husband. M Gauron and Madame de Chevre mont were both buried the same week, and the disconsolable widower im« mediately quitted the scene of his bereavement. Of course, there were not wanting those who insisted upon giving to these unfortunate but per- fectly natural occurences a widely different interpretation; but to the honour of the little community be it said, when, foremost among these mauvaises langues, la Veure Outre dropped mysterious hints of a duel across a dining-table, in consequence, as she alleged, of an intercepted letter, very few of the inhabitants were found to give credit to a rumour, which has, nevertheless, remained uucontradicted to this day. Mont-Fleuri continued uninhabited until taken, nearly three years after the above events, by Captain Talbot, a retired officer, formerly in the ser- vice of the East India Company, whom ill-health had compelled to seek a more temperate climate than that in which he spent his early years. A twelvemonth's residence, however, iu the salubrious climate of St. Nevars had had the effect of so completely re- storing the gallant officer's health that upon receiving un«xpectedly the offer of a lucrative post in the country he had lately quitted, and had never ex- pected to behold again, he closed with the offer at once, and straightway set out for his destination, leaving his wife and children to take care of Hoot-Fleuri for tbe remainder of their lease of seven years. Mrs, Talbot was a delicate person, and had been so for years ; but her children-she bad six, three sons and three daughters-were all remarkably strong, and continued in perfect health until about six months after the departure of their father, when the eldest was taken suddenly and violently iii. Mrs. Talbot, who did not place much confidence iu the abili- ties of French physicians, treated her daughter in accordance with 6ome family receipts or prescriptions, in whose efficacy she reposed the most implicit trust. Nevertheless, when the young lady, instead of getting better, grew gradually worse, aud one of the younger children began to ex- hibit symptoms of the same malady which had prostrated his sister, the anxious mother decided upon calling in le docteur Oorraao, the principal medical man of St, Nevars, who pro- nounced the patients to be suffering from a malignant attack of small pox, and held out but small hopes of their recovery. In the course of the next day Mrs. Talbot herself was struck down by the same terrible disorder, and shortly afterwards the whole family, servants and ali, were laid on beds of sickness, and, as the sequel, with one exception, proved, of death. Of all that household ííanon Magát, the cook, alone survived, Mrs. Talbot, her six children, and their other do- mestic, fell victims to the terrible visitation ; so suddenly had the cal- amity o vet taken them that Mrs. Talbot j bad been unable to communicate with any of her friends in England, and their addresses being unknown to the French authorities, who probably did not give themselves much trouble to discover them, many months elapsed before the sad truth was imparted to the bereaved husband and father, who immediately, upon receipt of the mournful intelligence, returned to Europe, aud hastened to St. Nevars. Donbtlees, the sight of the silent and deserted bouse he had left, scarcely eighteen months befcre, so full of life and happiness, had a powerful and fatal effect upon his already excited imagination, for the following morning, be was found by some of the neighbours I -dead, and the implement of de 1 struction with which he had committed the rash act lying bloodstained by his side. Not very long after the consum I mation of this deplorable tragedy, | Mont- Fleuri was let to another 'Eng- lish family, whs appear to have been I the first of a succession of tenants who I were disturbed by the visits of denizens of another world, and vacated the i premises almost immediately upon taking possession. After half-a-dozen families had been thus successively put to flight the chateau became the property of M du Val, who, being a courageous little man, and un ancien militaire, vowed he cared no more for ghosts than rats, and that neither should frighten him 1 from his house. For six months or so, he stoutly kept his word, and laughtedtbe idea of revenants to scorn: I but towards the middle of summer bis face began to assume an anxious , and careworn expression, ana although still ridiculing the idea of haunting j spirits, he began to talk about the air of the place not agreeing with his | health, and shortly alter quitted Mont- FJeun, which remained tenant less, and was suffered to fall into disrepair, until taken by ourselves. We had been in possession for nearly six months as I have already stated, and had no intimation of the presence of " ghosts" in our abode, but tbey were coming. * One eveniag about the middle of May/as my wife and seif set in the dark oak- parlour, canvassing our do- mestic affairs, we heard acurious noise, as of some one suddenly throwing a handful of dried peas down the 6tairs. Quite distinctly we heard the vege- j tables in question rattling and bump- ing down from step to step, but upon my opening the parlour-door, and j looking out into the hall, io ascertain whence the unusual sounds preceeded, : to my surprise, not a pea or anything | else was to be seen. | I returned to my seat, and in reply 1 to Matilda's inquiring glance, re- i marked : * Rats, my dear ; we must ' certainly get a cat,' and resumed the interrupted conversation. But the, visionary peas, or whatever they were i recommenced rolling down the stairs, : and fairly broke up our seance for that j night, as well as for many more. As < long as we stood with caudles in the bali, the ghosts (for Matilda averred the «' spirits" had returned) was quiet enough, but the moment we re-enter- ed the parlour, and closed the door, that moment they began again ; until at length, we were compelled to retire from the field, and leave our mysteri- ous visitants to amuse themselves in the dark as they pleased. Although at first,I ridiculed the idea of a ghost, and endeavoured to explain away the mysterious sounds, by attributing them to national thought and discovered causes even j suspecting that Mademoiselle Pepee j knew more of their origin than sbe thought proper to admit, I must con-, fess that the nightly recurrence of a i disturbance for which I was, after all, unable in any rational manner to ac-1 count, was not without producing a | considerable impression on my mind, for although I would, without besit ation, have grappled with a visible ghost, this noisy, invisible, intangible fellow daunted me at last, and threw poor Matilda into such a state of nervous agitation, that the slightest noise would almost send her into fits. About six or seven weeks after the first attack upon our domestic peace by the malicious disturbers of our rest, as we sat as usual in the parlour, in instant expectation of the com- mencement of the nightly perform- ance, our Pepee rushed in, pale and trembling, from the kitchen, and throwing herself at Matilda's feet, screamed - ** Je l'ai vu, monsieur ! Madams I Je l'ai vu!" (I have seen it!) and fainted. Here was climax, Matilda, though scarcely less frightened than our bonne, nicked her up, whilst I ran out to the well for a jug of cold water to sprinkle on her face. As I opened the kitchen door, I imagined I caught a glimpse of a white robe flittering by in the dim moonlight, but was in too great a hurry to take peculiar notice of the apparition, if it were one ; end, if the whole truth must be told, just a little frightened'too ; but hastily fill- ing the jug I had brought with me, returned to the parlour, where 1 found Mademoiselle Pepee recovered from her swoon, but obstinately dumb to all my wife's inquiries as to what she affirmed she had seen " Je l'ai vu ; oui, j'ai vu I" was ali the answer she vouchsafed to my more pressing questions, and with thiB rather ambigous reply, we were forced for the time to be content. -, . " __--_--_ Our bonne insisted upon bringing her palliasse into our room, and sleep- ing there, upon the floor, all night, vowing that no power on earth would tempt her to spend another evening beneath our roof. Nightly, the disturbance increased; we were fairly at our wits' end, and more than half iucliued to quit such an uncomfortable residence, when a cousin of my wife's wrote to her, in- forming us of her intention of spend- ing a month at Mont-Fleuri. Here was a predicament The letter waa dated on a Monday, and our cousin promised to be with us in a week from the date of her letter ; we received it on a Thursday, and there was not time to look out for a new house. It was too bad, just as we were on the point of retiring in favour of the ghost, to be required to add another auditor to the nocturnal revels, es- pecially, too, as our bonne had left us ; for though she came over, as a great compliment, for an hour or two in the morning, not all the silver in Frauce, I verily believe, would have tempted her ta sleep again iu our haunted house. There would be no use in writing to Miss Mortimer, I know, even if there had been sufficient time, for she was a " strong-minded woman," and laughed the idea of ghosts to utter scorn. We um-st wait; and so we did ; but the spirits, as if irritated by the knowledge of her arrival, fairly ran riot through the house during the weary nights that elapsed before our cousin's arrival, scattering invisible peas on every side, not only down the stairs, but against doors and windows. At length Miss Mortimer arrived, and heartily she laughed when in- formed of the cause of our terrified and jaded appearance. '.It was absurd and ridiculous," she argued. " to suppose tfiat an im- material spirit had the power of making a noise; you might just as reasonably expect a shadow to upset a washing-tub." That was all very fine ; we might have been of the same opinion once ourselves ; but we heard it, spirit or no spirit, too often to admit of our being sceptical upon the subject ; be- sides, Pepee had seen one, and I my- self even had caught a glimpse of its retreating robe. So we bade our cousin " wait." After dinner, we three sat in the oak parlour, between the kitchen and the hall ; Miss Mortimer as calm and cool as a frozen sea, but we, her unfor- tunate cousins and hosts, iu a state of trepidation and anxiety dreadful tp behold, but worse to be experienced. Presently the mysterious disturbance commenced as usual in the haltj shadowy peaa rolled in handfulls down the wide stone stairs ; Matilda screamed; 1 started with an impa- , tient exclamation to my feet. "Now, John," said Miss Mortimer coolly, as she proceeded to the door "Now for the solution of your mys- tery. The ' ghost ' cannot escape me." We followed her into the bail with lights. Nothing as usual. " Have you a dark lantern John ?'* "Yes, Louisa; I believe there is ' one in the house somewhere." "Will you get it for me, if you please ? " I complied. " Now," said our cousin quietly, as soon as she had required the lantern, " we must wait for the disturbers here in the dark. They seemed to have _ very proper dread of letting them- selves be seen. But you'll bold the ¿> lantern, and do not open it until I tell you." Having closed the parlour door, we waited, in a state of painful suspense, for several minutes, when pit-a-pat, pit, pit, down came the pens. Ma- tilda almost fainted in my arms ; but Míbs Mortimer dashing forward, grap- pled for a moment with something on the stairs. " I have it ! " she cried trium- phantly. "John, the light." I opened the lantern, and lo ! the midnight disturber, the destroyer of domestic quiet, the long-dreaded " ghost " stood revealed, thanks to » woman's courage, in propria persona before us. Nay, Louisa Mortimer held it quite composedly in her handy and it was-a cockroach, nothing more! This discovery accounted for the fact of the "spirits" having made tbeir first appearance after the occu- pancy of the Talbots, who had pro- bably brought them to Mount Fleuri with their luggage from the East. Our Pepee presently returned to us, and admitted, when pressed upon the subject by Miss Mortimer, that the *'spirit " she* had seen might, after all, have been a sheet or tablecloth she bad forgotten on the line; which would also account for the fluttering robe I fancied I had seen. As for the " ghosts," we were troubled with them no more, for I caused their bolea to be carefully stopped ; and we afterwards spent many happy years at Mont Fleuri, and never heard a pea either in the hall or on the stairs.-Cliamber's Journal. 