cÄTIVERSÄRY of american in INDEPENDENCE. east , / t ' It as. Our American oinVonB yesterday celebrated the BOth pmivorsaryof the official Declaration of Independence The ss glorious fourth," as if typical of the kindly feeling which now exists between the once estranged branches of the British people, had '* Queen's weather " for its holiday making. Early in the morning bunting was seen flying above the principal American stores in the city, and at the chief public buildings, whilst in the harbour off the American ships were gay with, colours and the ' stars and stripes side by side with our own English flag was seen on every side. Many of the non-American ships were also, in acknowledgment of the fraternal feeling existing between the two nations, dressed out in bunting, chief- among the number being the vessels of the A. S. N. Company. From 10.30 to noon a reception was held at the American Consulate by Mr. Consul G. W. Griffin, assisted by Mr. Vice- Consul George F. Stuart, The rooms of the consulate were crowded during the morning, a very large number of prominent public men and citizens paying their respects to the American representative. Among those present were the Colonial Secretary (Mr. G. R Dibbs), the Minister for Lands (Mr. H. Copeland), the Primate (Dr. Barry), his Worship the Mayor (Mr. John Young), Major-General Richardson, O.B., Colonel C. F. Roberts, C.M.G., Lieutenant-Colonel Stokes, General J. Howell (U.S.A.) ; Dr. Creed and Mr. J. B. Watt, Ms.L.C. ; Messrs. G. A. Lloyd, C. J. Roberts, R. B. Wilkinson, D. O'Connor, J. De Courcy Browne, W. J. Fergus- son, J. Shepherd, J. Davies, and J. W Butcher, Ms.L.A. ; Rev. W. S. Frackelton, Professor Parker, Drs. Garran, schwarzach, Tucker, L. Foucart, and J. M'Leod ; Captains Stewart, Kenney, Sawyer, Havonah, Ghost Alex. Gray (Acting-Consul for Chili), Mr. Consul Von Rompaey (Consul for Belgium), Messrs. C. Rolleston, C.M.G., C. A. Goodchap (Commissioner for Railways), Critchett Walker (Principal Under-Secretary), A. Morris, Geo. Downs, Robt. Beeston, E. Fosbery (Inspector-General of Police), G. M. Pitt, Theo. C. Sutton, W. H. Traill,.!'. B. Freehill, Alf. De Lissa, W. J. H. Lane, R. H. Atkinson, W. Curnow, Horace Webb, G E. Russell Jones, J. B. Laing, R. T. Booth, A. S. Murray, C. H. Woolcott (town clerk), J. J. Calvert (Clerk of Parliament), Geo. Kahlo, H. Hal 'loan, 'O.M.G., and Samuel Hoskin. At noon a special saloon tram left Bridge-street terminus for Botany, where the garden-party and banquet took place in the Sir Joseph Banks' pleasure grounds and pavilion. "The delightful weather prevailing during the day made the Stroll on the green lawns and in the pretty garden of those favourite grounds exceedingly enjoyable. During the afternoon succeeding trams brought further additions to the number of those present. In the pavilion, which. was brightly decorated with flags and ferns, the Prince of Wales Band furnished music to dancers, and during the afternoon Mr. W S. Maltby, champion bicycle rider of the United States, and a companion and ex-champion, gave a very clever display of trick riding, it being certainly one of the most difficult and expert exhibitions of its kind seen in Sydney. Shortly after 4 o'clock his Excellency the Governor, attended by Lord Bertie, A.D.C., arrived, and was received by the Consul, Vice-Consul, Mr. J. B. Beauregard, hon. secretary to the celebration committee, and a number of gentlemen present. After witnessing the exhibition of bicycle riding, his Excellency was conducted to the bon- quet hall, where about 300 persons sat down to on excellent meal provided by Mr. Frank Smith. The hall was very artistically and appropriately decorated. At the back of and over the cross table, at which the Consul and the principal guests were seated, was arranged a trophy of flags and medallions, in one of the latter being a painting of her Majesty the Queen, and in the other a portrait of President Cleveland. Facing this, at the other end of the hall, was a painting representing Washington signing the Declara- tion of Independence. This work, very creditably done, was executed by Mr. J, Clay Beeler, of Tattersall's chambers. English and American flags were grouped at appropriate points. On the right of the Consul were seated his Excellency the Governor, Sir James Martin, and Mr. G. R. Dibbs; and on the left the Right Hon. W. B. Dalley. Among those present were a number of prominent American citizens, and also many who, though not coming under this denomination, were present to show their sympathy with the occasion, or their friendly feeling toward the American nation. Apologies for absence were received from, the Premier (Sir Patrick Jennings) and Sir Alfred Stephen, the latter in his note expressing a hope that the good understanding and friendly intercourse subsisting between the British nation and American people , would remain for over undisturbed. At the conclusion of the meal Professor Parker, being called upon, read the Declaration of Independence in a clear, full voice, and with good telling emphasis. N Mr, Consul Griffin said, in proposing the first toast : I propose to you the toast which throughout theBritish,Em 'pure takes precedence of all others. It is " The health of the Queen of England." I have heard it proposed in various countries and in various languages, and it has always been submitted with the eloquence of sympathy, and received with enthusiasm ; but in no part of the world is it more profoundly honoured than in the United States of America. The long and eventful reign of her Majesty has been fraught with so many benefits to mankind, anchor fife has been so pure and blameless, that we may look almost in vain for an example of, such a career in ancient or modern history. I give you "The health of the Queen of England." (Cheers). The toast was then drunk with musical honours. Mr. Consul Griffin, in proposing the next toast, said It is just seven months since the arrival in New South Wales of our distinguished guest, the representative of the Queen, who has honoured the American people by accept- ing our invitation to this national celebration. During that period he has laboured as no man in his position over before laboured to win the confidence and attachment of the people of this country. By his presence here to-day he has not only contributed to our happiness, but has done something toward the elevation of the great idea of those whose hope in life is to consummate an indissoluble union be tween England and America. In drinking the, toast, I am sure you will be glad to join with it a respectful Recogni- tion of the graceful lady who shares his efforts to give pleasure to the people, and who has be enormously increased his popularity. I propose to you, with all the honours, " The health of Lord Carrington." ' Lord Carrington thanked the Consul for the kind terms he had used in proposing the toast of his health, and those present, for the reception they had given it, also for the graceful way in which Lady Carrington's name had been coupled with his own. He then proposed the toast of "The President of the United States." In doing so he said I am about to propose to this distingni8hodvcompany the toast ¡ which the _ citizens of the British Empire should honour, next after that of our Most Gracious Sovereign and the members of the Royal Family I am about to give you the health of the elected chief of more than 60 millions of people who speak our language, and whose institutions are mainly framed upon the model of our own. When I was asked to attend this great entertainment to-day I was informed that, in the event of my acceptance, I should be the first representative of the Queen in these Australian colonies who had taken part in such a demonstration as this. (Cheers.) Mr Consul, though not in Sensible of the distinction of being the first to enjoy this privilege, I was more eager to seize opportunity of proclaiming by means of this humble service my sympathy with that movement which in the interests of the world Would bind England and America together in the strongest ties of union. I do not think, all, that a representative of our Sovereign has any higher duty than helping as far as he is able in every way the confederation of the English-speaking peoples of the world. (Cheers.) This has long been the sentiment which has animated Every great statesman in our own country. In 1860 the Queen instructed her Minister, the late Earl Russell, to declare to America, which had then sent through JIf. Pulls, the United States Minister in England, an invita- tion to the Prince of Wales to visit America, the high sense she " entertained of the importance of strengthening by every means the relations of friendship and regard which bound England to the United States of America." Day by day this sentiment has been strengthening, and the visit of the Prince of Wales revealed to the world the depth of the allotment of the people of the United States to the fatherland. Let me give two illustrations of that visit, which you will find in the reports of it published at trio time. A great and patriotic statesman of America, Mr. Charles Sumner, on witnessing the crowds of persons who received with enthusiasm the eldest son of the Queen, described the scene in these iemarkabloJworda : " It seems as if a young Mr. long absent is returning to take possession." In an American paper of that day this passage occurred: "All our reminiscences, The history, the poetry, the romance of England for ten centres are concentrated in the huzzas with which, we greet the Prince of Wales." From the moment that this great demonstration of brotherly feeling between the nations was made all good men felt that there must never more be the slightest shadow cast upon this allowance. (Cheers.) The Queen herself in a letter addressed to the President of the United States, " to her good friend," she called him, " the President of the United States," used these words: "I fully reciprocate towards your pardon the feelings thus made apparent, and look upon them as forming an. important link to connect two nations of kindred origin and character, whose mutual esteem and friendship must always have so material an influence upon their respective development and prosperity." This, sir, is the spirit which we are all bound to cherish and display in order that we may give to mankind the blessings of the greatest alliance which the world has ever- seen. I propose to you " The health of the President of the United States," and ask you, British citizens, to honour it with all the respectful enthusiasm with which the toast of our own Most Gracious Queen has been received by this company. (Cheers.) His ExCELLENce called for cheers for the President and Mrs. Cleveland, to which a most hearty response was given. " The Right Hon. W. B. Dalley proposed the toast of "The Day we Celebrate." no said On this festival day of the English-speaking peoples of the world-the anniversary of the birthday of the mighty nation which was the oldest born of the children of Eng- land-we, in one of the most distant parts of the British Empire, are here to commemorate this one of the greatest events in human history. (Cheers.) To us the privilege has long been given of rejoicing as heartily and sincerely as our brethren in America that the victory of the freedom and happiness of the human race was theirs. For us that Declaration of Independence, formally made on the 2nd day of July, 110 years ago, has long been one of the greatest charters of the liberty of mankind. (Cheers.) We listen to it to-day, as we have read it a hundred times, with river once for its framers, with a pathetic recalling of their heroic patriotism, and of the melancholy mistakes of those English statesmen who compelled their offspring into a revolt in defence of liberty. We cherish to-day as sacred names (among many others) those of Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, John Hancock, and Richard Henry Leo. Bitter as had been their experience of the obstinacy of a Sovereign and the cowardice of his advisors, who knew the folly of his policy and yet so dreaded his dis- pleasure that they would not wipe away the reproach which he was fastening for over upon their reputation, the colonists of America signed their names to that charter with a tender reluctance, springing from their love of the old country. Forty years afterwards one of the chief of them declared that, so far as he could penetrate, to use his own words, the intricate internal folding of their souls, there were several who signed with regret, others with doubt and much lukewarmness. But within a few hours of the mighty transaction ' Adams wrote to his wife a prophecy of the greatness of the day which we, after more than a century, ago fulfilling, even beyond the limits of his dream of the future. " The day is past," he said, "The 2nd day of July, 1776 (A voice: The 4th) the 4th was the date of the official proclamation will be the most memorable epoch in the history of America. I am apt to believe that it will be celebrated by succeeding generations as the great American festival. It ought to be commemorated as the day of deliverance by solemn, acts of devotion to God Almighty. It ought to be solemnised with pomp and parade, with Shows, games, sports, guns, bells, bonfires, and illuminations, from one end of this continent to the other, from this time forward for ever more." Here in the capital of one of the greatest of English colonies it has been celebrated with joy and gratitude by British citizens, and in the presence and with the hearty enthusiastic sympathy of the honoured representative of his and our Most Gracious Sovereign, who is here to manifest his love, and claim among you the privileges of his brotherhood. But to return for a moment to your parting from England. That tenderness which could only be overcome by your stern sense of duty, was there no response to it in England P Some of the greatest men of the ago, as you know, lamented the cause, and' were heart-broken at the separation. Chat ham's . last shrill trumpet utterances flung out to mankind from the battle-field of European politics his sympathy with your ancestors, his encouragement to their revolt and Burke, with that clear insight into futurity, which belonged to a mystical nature, of foresaw and declared, in solemn and majestic phrase, that your national, independence has made, as he said, as great a change in all of the relations and balances and gravita- tions ' of. power as the appearance of a new planet would in the system of the solar world. The calamities of our statesmanship culminating in your loss well-nigh overwhelmed England. But she rose again to be the mother of nations by a swift recognition of her wrong done to you, and an instant abandonment of the fatal policy which had snapped asunder the golden chain of love and loyalty that bound you to her. Henceforth, as one of her later historians has wisely said, her work was to be one of colonisation She was to give to her adventurous children in all parts of the world the liberty which she refused to you. She was to plant nations and endow them with I freedom. By her splendid atonement for the injury done to you, she was to memorialise your victory, and establish beyond the boundaries of European politics the monument of her now statesmanship and humanity and to-day the singer of our glory' standing before our Queen sings the song of our national repentance, our heroic resolves, and vows that nevermore "Shall we saviour father's son Î 31 on that in a narrower day ?Unpropliotlo rulers they Drove from out the mother b nest ' That young eagle of the west, j To forage for herself alone." (Cheers.) But this is not only a day of proud memories and | rejoicing, and national and hearty and loving congratulations. It is a day also on which we should draw closer to each other, learn to take our places together before the whole world, and prepare ourselves for the future. Upon the English-speaking peoples of the world the duty will be cost sooner or later of maintaining, any, of commanding its peace, guarding its liberties, and perpetuating" its institutions. They comprise already 320 millions of the people of the world under our own Empire, and more than the millions of Americans. We have united revenues of nearly 300 millions, of which we have 210 millions, and America nearly 90 millions. We have a united commerce of one billion one hundred and ninety millions, of which England has nearly 200 millions, and the United States 300 millions. We have between us one fifth of the area, and one-third of the population of the world. United, we can guard the freedom and guarantee the peace of mankind. (Cheers.) His life is as holy as if it was passed in perpetual prayer to Heaven who conse comes it to promoting and preserving this mighty unity of power and humanity and he is a creature steeped to the line in infamy who would, by act or word, attempt to weaken the force of the bonds which bind us heart and soul to each other. "and all tongues are shut," said five-and-twenty years ago, I the greatest of the orators of our language living or dead " If all tongues are shut," said John Bright, mine shall, speak for that policy which tends to generous thoughts, and generous, words, and generous deeds between the two mighty nations, who speak the English language, and from their origin are alike entitled to the English home." I propose to you "The Day we Celebrate." (Continued cheering , Mr. Consul Griffin, in responding to the toast of the day, said In endeavouring to respond to the toast which has been so ably and so eloquently proposed by the Right Honourable William Bede Dalley, I f eel deeply and sensibly my inability to do justice to it. I cannot imagine, however, anything more gratifying to my countrymen than such a celebration of the anniversary of our national independence in a land so distant from our own. (Cheers.) We cannot estimate too highly the many blessings bestowed upon mankind through the triumph of the American revolution, for previously to that great event the principle of self-govern- ment, combined with national power and dignity, had no oxislenco/outsido of the theories of philosophers or the dreams of poets. Whilst rejoicing over the results of the revolution, we should remember the patient endurance, the hardships and sufferings, by which they were obtained. There never was any great achievement in life without sacrifice and in reading the lustrous records of the one, we should not fail to decipher the spotted and worn inscrip- tions of the other. I have, therefore, thought it well to mention the disastrous battles of Long Island and of Fort Washington, the retreat through the Jerseys, the unfortunate engagements at Germantown and Brandywine, and the terrible winter at Valley Forge. These were, indeed, events that tried men's souls. It was the decree of Providence that the sufferings of the hungry and barefooted soldiers of the Republic should come to an end the loud was lifted by the victories at Monmouth, Eutnw Springs, and Yorktown. "'Then liberty and peace rose, 'like another morn upon and noon." lYo American can forgot the assistance and sympathy our forefathers received from the love of liberty in other lands ; or that some of the most distinguished orators and statesmen of Great Britain the country with which we were at war-declared in our favour., Mr. Dalley, in his cordial and beautiful tribute to our land, has recalled the illustrious names of Chatham, > Burke, and Fox. " I rejoice," said Chatham, " that America has resisted, Burke declared the war to be "an act of despotism, without right "or reason," and Fox exclaimed, " Should America go down in the struggle, the liberty of England is lost for ever." But America did not go down in that great struggle She gained now courage and strength every horrifying existence. A little more than a hundred years have passed since those eventful days, and her 13 states have increased to 38 states and 10 territories, nor less than three million inhabitants to a population of over 60 millions, and her aggregate sources of wealth from 750 million dollars two billion dollars. (Cheers.) But I must bring my remarks to a close. I cannot do so, however, a ith out bore reference to this free land of Australia, with a territory almost as vast as our own, with inexhaustible resources, in incomparable climate, and a soil which will grow to perfection over)- product under the sun, where the people have peacefully but no less successfully than in America worked out the great problems of self-government and free institutions. (Cheers.) I rejoice that in these noble provinces large numbers of Americans are finding congenial pursuits and happy homes. (Cheers.) The march of events is strengthening, and not weaken- ing, the connection between the United States of America and the colonies of Australia. And the influences which are drawing to close to those now lands are bringing us nearer to the old land from which we have all sprung! If we are too nations we have one language and one life and as I believe there is not a true English- man so I believe there is not a true American who does not desire the unity of English-speaking races in every part of the world. (Cheers.) His Honor, the Chief' Justice (Sir James Martin), in proposing the toast of "The Union of the English speaking People,'! ' said-When the greatest orator of America described on a memorable means the return of the British Empire, he spoke of it as an empire whose morning trumpet greeted the sun on its rising in every quarter of the globe. (Cheers.) There never was a more eloquent description of our great empire than was uttered in these words. I may describe the extent of the empire on the present occasion by an illustration familiar to a good many present. By our recent land laws it was within the power of persons who possessed an extensive run by one contrivance or another to pick out favourite portions of irAstratogical points as it were. By Volunteer land orders, by selections of land in virtue of improvements, and in various other ways, the choicest portions of the runs could be picked out or selected by the lessee. This was called " peacocking " the run. Well, that is a process which is not altogether unknown to the British people. If any one will take a map of the world and look over all those portions of it which comprise "bits" of the British Empire he will find that up to be pretty well "peacocked." (Laughter.) Begin at the Island of Heligoland, which is fast disappearing under the influence of the North Sea, then go on to the Channel Islands, Gibraltar, Malta, Cyprus, and through the Suez Canal to Aden, then Mauritius, Ceylon, Singapore, Hongkong, and last,' though not least, that island, the name of which I cannot remember, recently taken possession of to watch the Russian port of Vladivostock. All these belong to the British people. They are not pointed of great importance in any other way than as strategical points. But there are portions of the Empire in which the British people are developing themselves, where and above all in those Australian colonies we have settled ourselves, not for the purpose of occupying more strategical or trading posts, but for the purpose of bringing up our families generation after generation. (Hear, hear.) When Daniel Webster gave utterance to the sentence with which I began my address, now about 60 years ago, the British people in this part of the world" were no more than 30,000, but now as time has extended they number in all parts of the colonies 8 millions, about thousand number as the 13 colonies of America at the date of the Declaration of Independence. These 35 millions will speedily become 10 millions, and the influence which they will exercise throughout the world it is impossible for anyone to foresee. We have established bore not only the language of our parent land, but a literature and institutions similar to those in the mother country, and in all respects we are following in the footsteps of our parent. But the largest Influence which is given to the British name is that derived from the enormous development of the United States of America. The 30 millions which declared their independence 110 years ago are now upwards of 60 millions, and during the period that has elapsed from the Declaration of Independence to now, it has not only increased in numbers but increased in intellectual wealth, and in every way' in which a nation can be distinguished. They have had historians equal to any to be found in the mother country. (Cheers.) They have recently had a poet, unfortunately now no more, who could take his place side by side with the post laureate. (Hear, hear.) They have had his torians whose names I need not mention, and orators of the very first class from the time of the colonies when they had the man who was so aptly described as "the foreshore Demosthenes; " great orators had they, capable of holding their own against the best and greatest in the mother land. ' I do not know that it will be necessary or worth while to enumerate any of the distinct features of the United States upon an occasion like the present. It is a singular. circuits can be that we have present the representative of her Majesty, for the first time, telling port with the citizens of the United States on an occasion like this. (Cheers.) Any person who would 25 years ago have predicted such a friendly meeting on Australian soil, would have been thought mad. But times have changed, and year by year these two nations have been approaching each other and are now united in terms of the closest brotherhood. Many persons now present can recollect the bitter feeling of hostility which existed until recent times between the two nations. We who have arrived arrears of maturity, have read with mingled feelings of the conflicts which took place not only in the War of Independence, but long afterward between the two nations, and that bitter feeling existed even down to 25 years ago. But all that feeling has now disappeared, and we have learned each to recognise the good in his opponent. We recognise the courage, independence, and intellect of the American people, and they are equally ready to acknowledge the good that is in us. In the time of Augustus, in describing the fancied origin of his people, which he deduced through aEneas from Venus, the poet makes her complain to Jupiter of certain reverses which her son had undergone, whereupon Jupiter is made to say that she might calm herself, that the time would come when the nation which would spring up from her pedigree would have empire without limit and without bounds to its duration. It was very well to make that prediction in the days of Augustus, but we are now living in times when those words, applied by the Roman post to the Roman people, may, with much greater truth and propriety, be applied to the British-speaking people. (Cheers.) So far as we can judge, if any nation, or collection of nations, is chalked out for a permanent duration it is the British-speaking races who are extending themselves in all directions, not for the purposes of conquest or oppression, but everywhere in the interests of peace. It has constantly struck me M somewhat remarkable that a gathering like the present has not been made a national one in the mother country itself. (Cheers.) In the old country when the heir . of some great family arrives at his majority all the great people of the country assemble together to celebrate it. Dinners are. given, oxen were roasted, hogsheads of ale are consumed, and every kind of jollity is indulged in for the purpose of marking the event. Itseomsto me that what is done so often in the mother country in reference to individuals may be done with effect in the event of the coming of age of the American people. (Applause.) There has been no celebration in the mother country of that event. It would afford pleasure to me per- sonally and I am sure a great many other people will be of the some way of thinking to see the 4th July celebrated" in London as it is in Boston. (Loud cheers.) We have just begun the fiftieth year of the reign of Queen Victoria. On the 21st June next that year of jubilee will close-a fortnight before the anniversary of the declaration of American independence. 11 will be a grand thing if on the occasion, a fortnight after the close of the jubilee of her Majesty lives, as we all hope she will, as long as that will be a grand thing to see floating side by side from the round tower of Windsor Castle, which is coeval with Monarchy itself, the Union Jack of old England and the Stars and Stripes of the United States. (Loud cheers.) I would also like to see the two flags hoisted on the Tower of London. (Renewed cheering.) I hope I will live to see that take place, and on that occasion it would be grand thing if in the historic city of London-still, as it has been for 300 years, the commercial capital of the world, in the halls of the historic corpora- tion of that city, the Lord Mayor should have on his right the Queen of England, and on his left the President of the United States (loud sheers) with as many representa- - tives of the younger colonies- the growing-up children as could be got together on that occasion. There would be no event in the history of mankind more memorable, than that event, and I hope it will take place. I am quite sure there are tens of thousands in the United States who would do all they could to bring it about. I have had great pleasure, as the Chief a Justice of this colony, in attending on this occasion, not for the purpose of ' giving my tribute of applause to successful revolution. Nothing of kind, because those who have been called revolutionists at one time and rebels at another have had among their supporters some of the most distinguished men in England. The Earl of Chatham himself said that if three millions of people voluntarily submitted to be slaves, they would make slaves of all the rest. (Hear, hear.) The history of American colonisation is one of the proudest portions of our own history. These colonies were founded Somersby Roman Catholics, some by the Puritans, and Borne by the Church of England people. But, no matter how they were called into existence, or how they were peopled, when the time came to struggle for their freedom they acted like one man, and on that occasion the men of New England took the lead. They were the men who left their native country' in search of freedom, and found it. I thank the chairman for having given me the opportunity of attending on this great occasion, and of saying the few words which I have uttered. The day is now past, in the opinion of thinking people, when any jealousy should exist between the two great peoples. They will be separated no more. Their intelligence has become widely spread, and we may look forward, not to a treaty written on parchment, but to a silent though not less efficacious union,, which will be not only for the good of these peoples, but for the good of all mankind. (Cheers.) The Rev. W. Fbacklston responded to the toast, and expressed the hope that the day referred to by Sir James Martin was not far distant. He also desired, to see all English-speaking people as one people, working together, for the common good. Then war would be at on end, and peace would reign for over. Mr. R. T. Booth congratulated the chairman upon the success which had attended the celebration, and attributed a great deal of this success to his labours., He (Mr. Booth had been asked to propose the toast of " Australia, the land we live in." (Cheers.) He had travelled in every colony in Australasia, and should be able to speak about fit when he returned to London. One of the great causes of complaint in the colonies was the continued drought, but he had found excellent water everywhere. His own opinion was that if men would course the climate less and dam the rivers more there would be no scarcity of water. (Loud laughter.) in the future he was certain that Australia would take its place in the front rank of the nations of the world. Its harbours would be crowded with commerce, and its streets thronged with prosperous and happy morn. On every hill-top there would be a school, and in every valley a church, whilst over all would float the flag of universal freedom. (Cheers.) . Mr DiBiis, in responding, referred to the blending of the Union Jack and the Stars and Stripes around the hall, and said that so long as these two flags were blended together the world might look on in awe. . . , . . . , Mr. A. Duke of the vice-president, proposed the toast of "Our Guests," andthobanquotmgprocecdingstci-ininated. A grand ball to celebrate the anniversary of the declara- tion of American independence was held in the vestibule of the Town Hall last night. There was a very large and fashionable attendance, and the gathering proved one of the most enjoyable of the season. The hall had been prettily decorated for the occasion with ferns and flowers, and the whole of the arrangements had been carried out most satis- summarily by a large executive cotton '?' . -it. Lard and Lady Carrington arrived shortly after 10 o'clock, and opened the ball, the sets in the opening quadrille being Lord and Lady Carrington ; Mr. Griffin, the American Consul, and Mrs. H. S. Chapman, and Mr. and Miss Kahlo. A long programme of 20 dances followed, the music being provided by Needs's band. Amongst the guests present were Sir Patrick and Lady Jennings, Sir William, Lady, and Miss Manning, the Right Hon. W. B. Dalley, the Hon. J. and Miss Fletcher, the hon, G. R. Dibbs, Lord Bertie, Mr. Wallington, Captain Sheriff, and the Mayor and Mayoress. The MC's were representative gentlemen from the various States, as follows: Washington, Mr. James G. Coates: New York, Mr. J. Miley Harding; Philadelphia, Mr. Fred. Gannon, jun.; Boston, Mr. George W. Hibbard; Chicago, Mr. G.S.Jacobs; New Orleans, Mr. James Gannon; San Francisco, Mr. George Kable ; Detroit, Mr. Hector M'Leod ; Cincinatti, Mr. H. W. Chase and Mr. Vice consul Stuart and St. Louis, Mr. John H. Davies. 