[CONTINUED F1SO.V WEDNESDAY'S SU1TLE ME.N'T.] RED RYVINGTON. By WILLIAM WESTALL, AUTHOR OF "LAKHY LOHKXGIUX," " THE FAUTOllY," ETC. CHAPTER XLVIII. TUB TUG OF WAR. I Great was tho consternation in the Con servative) camp, al\d dssp the dismay of Deep Handle and Tom divider, when thay heard of tho meeting at the Dancing Billy Goat and that lied Rmdle had been adopted na tho Liberal candidato. Tho blow was all tho greater in that it was altogether un expected. Ryvington of Redscar was so soeiniugly devoted to his Intsinei'si and lmd hitherto taken so little part in polllids, llult noither his cousin nor his cousin's supportors had counted on him as a possible opponent. His appearance in the tield, backed by tho working men's interest, was an event which rendered Olivgur's ingenious system of com puting tho rotative strength of parties by tho extont of then engine power utterly useless. Nobody knew now which way the election would go. It wns generally thought that the battle would 1'u between tile two Ityving tons. Tho sei ior member, Mr Mellndaw-, a retirod manuf .atutci\ of l;ire;o means and Conservative opinions, who had latoly bloomed into a Cheshire s<\uiro\ hA<t sat foi1 tho borough so loil", had dol\6 s6 much for tho leOal charities, alid was sb popular and rospceted withal that neither he nor his friends had tho slightest doubt of his teturil at tho head of tho p6ll. Still, as tho yArn figotit sagaciously sug gostod to Di^op JRaiullo^ there was no telling; at\d tAie very contid-JUCO of tho Mollodew Coin,nittyg (rol', though wishing Mr Ryving toVei'v success, thov declined to act with him) might militate against their success. Three-cornorod oonteate were proverbially fertile in surpmc$> Vcty liurioiis changes might bo runs? on phtnliliirs for fteel lly ton, fttul splits between hinl and jlellodow, and between Mellodew and Doep Ryvington. Many of the former's supporters, under tho belief so industriously spread by his com mittee, that ho A'aa stit'o Of a irtajorityi would tfi\yo their second Votes to ono of tho othor candidates—in some cases, probably split be tween tho two Randies—for in times of ex citement there was no end to tho vagaries of Whitobrook electors. " 1 think the measures I am taking," said Cliviger, with a significant wink, " will get you in anyhow—whoever tho other is—and in my opinion, though it would not ilo to say so to Bellasis mid tlvivt lot, it's quite on the cards for both you and your coiisin to get in and old Mellodew to' bo left out in tho cold." " May the devil fly away with rriy ttoiisin," exclaimed Beep Kindle furiously. "What business has he to offer himself, I should like to know in opposition to the head of tho family ? It's a piece of infernal inlpudence — impudenco and ingratitude — for if my father had not retired from the concern, Red Ityvington would not have been what he is. My father made him, in fact, and now lie is turning against me. He's a dashed turncoat too—wasn't ho brought up as a Conservative? Damme, if his present conduct is not enough to make both his father and mine rise from their graves. I ll nover speak to the sneak again, never as long as his heart beats. I'll cut him dead the next time I meet him, by Jdvo I "I wouldn't adviso you to dd that, Ryvington, at least beforo tho olection. Rido on his hack, rather. " What do you moan ? " Don't you twig ! Your cousin is very popular with the hands, thoy swear by him. It you cut up rough, and show uufrioudly, you will repel votesinsteadofattractingthoin. Y'ou must just go ou the opposite tack. Let it be supposed that you are on the mo3t amicable terms possible, that you wish him well, and that tho dill'eronce between you is only one of dotail. Trim between his Radicalism and old Mallodew's Toryism ; pose as a Liberal Conservative, in fact, and then you will get splits from the supporters of both. You want to get in don't you, what ever becoiucs of the others 1 " Oh, yes ! dash the others." "Exactly. Then you must do aa I tell you. If you don't you will cut your own throat. After the election you can do what you dashed like. At the same time, I don't much believoinmakingenemiesunnecessftrily, or showing a grudge before you can gratify it. It's like shotting your hand at cards. Bido your time and keep your own counsel— that's my advice. Deep Handle's vexation at tlio turn tilings wero taking was enhanced by the necessity under which ho found himself of spending a great deal more money than he expected. Cliviger declared that unless he spent at least £2o00 lie woula not have the ghost of achance, Mr. Ryvington not having that sum at liis disposal, it was raised, as the cost of his first contest had been raised, by discounting their joint promissory note at the bank. He was fully aware, though tho yarn agent had carefully avoided telling him in so many words, of the purpose for which the greater part of this sum was destined, and the consciousness that his retention of the seat, even if ho should win it, would depend on Cliviger's goodwill and pleasure, did not tend to put him in a better humour, or ir.ake hia thoughts any the ploasanter. But it was tiio late to draw back. The liabilities he had incurred, both in connection with his election iind otherwise, rendered it absolutely uccessary for him to got the estate entirely into his own hands by marrying in accord dance with the terms of his father's will, and this, he opined, could be most easily and quickly done by regaining t,he position of which he had been so summarily deprived. It goes without saying that ho followed Cliviger's advico to keep on a friendly footing with his cousin. Mr. Ryvington was far too astute a gentleman to cut off his nose to spite his face. Ho even bettered his mentor's in structions. People who observed the cordiality with which the cousins greeted each other in the market place, and when ever they met, thought them the best friends in the world. Deep Randle even went the length of saying that, if Red Randle j had not been quite so much of a Radical, he would have retired in his favour, so great was his respect for him. This saying was re peated at the Liberal headquarters, where it made an excellent impression, being regarded as a proof of the Conservative candidate's goodwill, and of his affection for the Redscar branch of tho family, and doubtless gained him many split votes t.hat would- otherwise have been given to Mr. Mellodew. It seemed to ardent Liberals that the next best thing to getting their own man in was to keep the senior candidate out, an object that could most surely be effected by recording their second votes in favour of him of Deep done. This polic}', moreover, was tacitly encouraged, if not openly sanctioned, by the Liberal managers ; for they regarded Mello dew as a much moro formidable opponent than his colleague. Meanwhile Red Randlo was throwing him self into the work of the election with characteristic energy. Now that his blood was up, he took a positive pleasure in the contest, and as he had promised his sup porters, spared no effort to deserve his suc cess. He made live or six speeches every diy, answered innumerable questions, and, albeit he absolutely refused to solicit indi vidual votes, he was always willing to explain ' his views to any elector who sought an inter view with him. Although Handle had not taken a leading part in previous elections, he had reflected deeply on 6ocial and political questions, and it is probable that his views on these subjects vaay, unconsciously to himself, have been influenced by his conversations with Kalouga. He had a keen sense of the disadvantages under which the poorer classes labour in the struggle for existence — how hard are thoir lives, how few and sordid their pleasures ; and whilst deprecating violent remedies, as likely to bo worso than the disease, he promised, to advocate and support every measures likely to ameliorate s the lot of the poor, and obliterate the evils \ resulting from a too unequal distribution of wealth. He denounced as grossly unjust the imprisonment of poor debtors, undor the pretext that non-compliance with .1 judical order to pay constitutes a contempt of court, whilo largor debtors are exposed to 110 analogous liability In reply to a tradesman who contended that in the ovont of this law being abolished shopkeepers would bo con Btrained eithor to shorten or altogether with draw tho credit they' were in the habit of giving to their huniblor customers, Handle replied that tho less credit tho working class or any other claas had the bettor. Heady money meant thrift,credit bred extravagance, and extravagance impoverishment. One of his ideas was tho establishment of schools for the superior education of poor lads, of proved ability at the public expense, so that they inisht havo an equal chanco with tho well-to do, of cimpotmi* for higher Appointments in tho Civil Sorvicc, and making themselves otherwise usoful to tho community. In none of Ilia speoches, however, did Randle commit t lia fnillt of flattering Ilia audiences. He t ild them plainly that laws could do little for them compared with what they could do for themselves. " You cannot miiko a man better his con dition," fie o"^id '• "y°llc:ln only show him tho way and give lilm » Jnnco- . He did not say muoh about, tnu "rjaniSil; tion of labour, (or ho know thiifc anything m tho sort, to be effective, must bn a spon taneous growth, and that the loss tho State interfered with it tho butter, lid knew, tdo, tho difliculties of <io operative traduction. tlW sd-called ("o-ojIdnlUVd nlills rtfe Oldham and elsewhere being nlerely joint-stock com panies, in which the factory operatives maj or nlay ilot Hold A considerable. nilniber of ?h;ire3, Tile sySteiri iii cjtiesfidd IJ, ilnVlittho lc5£, ;'i great stop in advance. It encourages thrift, and enables every operative who has sufficient self denial to save a few pounds to participate in the proiits he helps to create. Ono of llmdle's most potent allies was Uentloy tho weaver. He went with him to all his meotingn. After Rsd Ryvington luul btSun heard thtiro wtirii alWitya loud calls for lJill BentlcV. Tliti man Wa3 naturally eldftilHllt: Ho tlo'Siitood d sllrnWd dilil rmist.in liilnlodr U'iiicii novor filiUid k' delimit his auditors, and tlio working men among them wore proud of him as ono of tl.eir own order. If Bentloy had been yifted with a talent for money-making ("coal-rake sense," as they frill it in Lancashire) ho might have got on, liave uecomo a successful shSpliePperj or,oven a master manufacturer, As itwai, ho re mained a four-loom weaver. Bentley's case was frequently adduced by Hftudlo in support of his proposal that lads of exceptional ability and inadequate moans should be educated at the expense of the Statei Ho said tllat( 80 faf as natural capacity rt'Uilti the waavtir rfaa far fitter to represent Whitebrook tllrtii himself* As the .tinle df trial drew' near, tile ex citement in the towii became intense. The partisans of the tliree candidate's strove might and main to win the day. Although the country at large was in tho throes of a general election, the singular character of the contest at Whitfebrbfik .excitfed a more than local interest, and itsissUo was awaited with keen expectation. On tho day of the nomination, Deep Handle had a great stroke of luck. His grey hound I'leetfoot won tho Trafalgar Cup— an event which, in any circumstances, would bo highly gratifying to him ; but as ho had backed the dog heavily to win, and its victory beinii considered a crodit to the town. brought him a considerable accession of popularity, it put money in liis pocket awl in creased his chance of success at the same time. How lie blessed that greyhound ! Tom Clivigflr reokonod that Fleetwood's " pulling off the cup" was e^ual to a hundred votes, and he had now good hopes, ho said, that whoever might bo at tho head of the poll, Mr. Ryvington would not be at the bottom. The event justified his expectations. When the ballots were counted it was found that, although Deep Ryvington was nearly a thousand votes behind his cousin he was exactly five ahead of Mr, Mellowdew. " We've won !" exclaimed the yarn agent when the result was announced ; " but, by Jingo, it was a tight shave. If I had not . But never mind. We have nothing to fear from tile Liberals ; they have ivon too ; and the Conservatives won't foul thoir ow n neat by lodging a petition agains/- us. .You must be as affablo as an angel with a now pair of wings to the Mellowdew lot, Ryving ton." Past midnight though it was, eacli of the newly elected had to niako a speech. Tho Conservative member made his from tho balcony of tho Mitro ; while tho Liberal M. P., as in duty bound, spoke from the steps of the Rainbow. Deep Ra,ndle, having been engaged at intervals during the day in allay ing the agony of suspenso and keeping up his courage by libations of sherry and champagne, his remarks were slightly incoherent ; but he was understood to tender his warmest thanks to his supporters for the honour they had done him, and to say, that the only alloy to his satisfaction in that, the proudest moment of his life, was that they had )>ot returned Mr. Mellowdew to keep him company in tho Houso of Commons. Red Randle, aftor ascribing his success chiefly to tho exertions of the working mou voters, recommended his supporters, while rejoicing in their victory, to abstain from uti soemly exultations, to let bygo'hes be bygones, and not to suffer political differences to interfere wth private friendships. Mr. Mellowdew, Conservative though he was, merited their warmest sympathy. Ho had been a generous benefactor to the borough, had represented Whitebrook ill four Parlia ments ; and ho stood so high in the opinion of his fellow-townspeople that even thrse who differed from him regretted his defeat—a defeat which in some quarters was attributed to very questionable causes. With that, however, conscious as they were that they had fought fairly, they had nothing to do : but he would ask his frionds before thoy separated, to testify their respect for Mr. Mellowdow as a man, and their sense of his services to Whitebrook, by giving him three cheers. The three cheers, followed' by three times three for Randlo himself, were given with great heartiness, and if compliments could weigh against failure the unsuccessful candi date had no reason to bo dissatisfied with his defeat. Whatever may have been tho case with the Conservatives, the Liberals went home in high good humor, and the lads in clogs be haved with exemplary moderation—they neither kicked each other's shins nor broke other people's window. It was early morning when Randle, Robert, and Kalouga, who had been watching tho election with eager interest arrived at Red scar, but Mrs. Ryvington and Dora were waiting up for them, eager to learn the re sult of the contest Dora was dolighted that the two Ryvingtons had been returned, and besides warmly congratulating tho hero of the day, rewarded him with her brightest smilo and a cousinly kiss. Mrs. Ryrington breathed a silent thanksgiving. On great occasions her thoughts were often too big for words. Then Handle, worn out with excitement and fatigue, betook himself to bed and slept for twelve hours without opening hi3 eye3. He did not go down to the counting house until late in the afternoon, when ho found plenty to do in looking over the corres pondence that had taken place whilst he w;is electioneering, and answering the mo3t press ing of hi3 letters. So absorbed did he become I in his work that the electric boll at Ilia elbow rang twice before ho heard it. " Yes," lie said, speaking through the tele phone which communicated with tho general office and the principal departments of the business. "A gentleman wishes to speak to you,", caino the answer. "Show him up at once," answered Randle, thinking the gentleman might be his election agent, from whom ho expected a call. A minute afterwards the door opened, and Randle, raising his head, saw before him the Earl of Lindisfarno. (To be continued.) 