A LADY TEMPERANCE MIS SIONARY. On Saturday evening, April 3, a large audience met at the Y.M.C.A, Hall, Adelaide, to welcome to the city, for a period of gOBpel temperance work, MrB. C. M, Leavitt, of the American Women's Christian Temperance Union. Dr. Magarey, Hon. Secretary of the South Australian Alliance, presided, and was accompanied on the platform by the Revs. J. Nicholson, J. C. Kirby, E. Grattan, J. McEwin, J. Y. Simpson, M. Wood Green, and others, while apologies for non-atten dance were read from the Revs. D. O'Donnell, J. Bickford, and R. M. Hunter. Several of Sankey's hymns were sung, during the evening by a numerous choir under the direction of Mr. F, J. Fash. After several speeches,, Mrs. Leavitt, on coming forward to reply to the addresses of welcome, was received with a good deal of applause. She at once riveted the attention of the audience by her gentle and kindly expression, and the earnest and touching manner in which she dealt with the insidious and fascinating power of intoxicating drink to lead captive the soul of man, and pointed out the methods by which the evil could alone be destroyed. Mrs. Leavitt is about 50 years of age, and her attire was of the simplest character. She commenced by expressing regret that one of the speakers had referred to the fact that she was a Congregationalist. She only wished to be known as a Christian worker. (Applause.) Everybody had a right to his or her own views, and in Christian tem perance work she had been engaged for years with women whose denominations Bhe knew nothing about. They were women of prayer, faith, and work, and all for the love of the Master; and what else should she say? (Applause.) She was glad to have been able to do something for the publicans by helping them out of a very disreputable business. When Bhe thought of the sad fact that there were in her own country 80,000 babies in their cradles or hanging on their mothers' breasts who, if matters went on as they were going, would become degraded victims of strong drink, she had a great weight upon her heart, and this had driven her to leave her profession and to engage in this mission. (Applause.) She had been very well treated everywhere, and did not blame people when she had been required to be responsible for the monetary cost involved in her visits. Although she had no private fortune she had always found help to hand when needed. The badge of the Women's GoBpel Tem perance Union in America was a piece of white ribbon, and Bhe wore it in the shape of a triangle as representing the Trinity, and of the the two arms as emblematical of th e co working together of God and man, and also of the anal nature of the Lord JeBns. She regarded this Gospel Temperance Mission as a highly necessary labour. Even as it was ordained of God that John the Baptist Bhould precede Christ by preaching righteousness, so the hearts of some people must be rendered snsceptible to the gracious power of the gospel by means of the handmaid of total abstinence. (Applause.) Mrs. Leavitt concluded by narrating some of the remarkable results achieved in the State of Maine and elsewhere through the persistent efforts ot men who said, with Paul, " This one thing I do," and then applied themselves in a Bpirit of faith to the advocacy of temperance. At the close of the address a large number of those present were enrolled as workers in the mission. On Sundij morning Mrs. Leavitt preached at the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church before a large congregation, the Church being full in all parts. She took as her text the following verses, selected from the epistles to the CorinthiauB and the Revelations" What, know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own ? And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? For ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, X will dwell in them and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Wherefore, come out from.amongtnem,andbeye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and 1 will receive yon and be a father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, said the Lord Almighty." "And 1 saw no temple therein, for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it." Speaking without notes, calmly ana clearly, but rather fast, and enforcing her arguments by homely illustrations, Mrs. Leavitt urged that as the human body was a temple of God people should pause and consider before they desecrated it. The body might be of far less consequence than tbe Bpirit, hut it bad been for many years too much ignored. They read that God had made man in his image, and that image was surely something to take care of, not for selfish purposes bnt for the glory of God. We were assured that the days of our life were threescore years and ten, and yet only 'sd a small proportion of human beings attained that age. This seemed a slur upon God, as if he did not understand our bodies. She attached nearly as much importance to cleansing the body as to cleansingthe spirit, but they must keep both clean. There were people whom they saw walking about every day clean outwardly, yet who had plainly been poisoning themselves for years, and there were others who looked grimy and dirty, yet bad their systems perfectly pure and healthy. A great acientest had said that alcohol was a deadly irritant narcotic poison. Alcohol waB fonnd in all fermented liquor, xt was not the last glass of strong liquor that killed men, nor what they had drunk for the last month, but the poison brought into their system from the very first glass of alcoholic liquor they took. The poison contained in the first glass would do perhaps only an in finitesimal injury, but it was still an injury, and helped to kill the drinker. The statistics of Insurance Companies showed that the average life of total abstainers was 62 years and 4 months, while drinking people only averaged 35 years 6 months. From returns of the Indian army it was found that to every thousand the proportion of deaths per annum was—Total abstainers, 11; temperate men, 23; heavy drinkers, 47'6. What service could not a man render to hiB God and his fellow-beings between the ages of 35 and 62! Was it not enough to make a young man give drink up for ever? There waB a vast degradation going on in human life through the use of drink. Referring to the increase of total abstainers in the pulpit, the preacher said that the Methodist Episcopal Church of North America allowed no minister to drink or smoke. The Rev. Robert Graham had said that onlr twelve years ago there were only fifteen total-abstaining ministers of the Church of England, now there were over 4,500 and 5 Bishops. In couclusion, she asked her hearers to give up strong drink in order that their spirits might be purified. 