V.R.C. SUMMER MEETING. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, January 1. The V.R.C. Summer races were held to-day at Flemington. The attendance was fair, and His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch were present daring the greater part of the day. KORM4SBT STAKES. Haddelma, by Meckeregat-Hes Merrues, 9 st (Robertson) — — ..??.... t Dividend, Bst 10&>.{Power).. .. _ _ 2 Gadfly, 8 st 7 Ib. (Williams) 3 Other starters—Bfondin, First Consul, Damocles, Hnnwyrtina,Betoit, Louise Berte. Betting—Eren money Kadddina, 4 to 1 against Divided, and 10 to 1 ofcenT -B-? Mudrfplnia, who was very fractions before the start, went to the front at the fall of the flu and yon with ease by a length and a half from Dividend; Gadfly was third a length behind; then came Mrawyztina and Damocles together, followed try Bbmdin, Louise Berta,witiiEetortlast Erne. 1 mm. 6J sec I STABDIBH FLATS. Duration, by TTilflhpmifm--HiimiwnwiieAi 7 St. *6 ? Ib. (Brown) .. ~ .. _ _ „ 1 Bohemian, 7at 13 Ib. (Flanagan) _ _ — 2 Chmteter, 8 st 9 Ib. (Robertson) S Other starters-Sheet Anchor, Hbonsbee, Stafford, Ghost, Lord Wuton, Anchorite, Sea Hone, Claptrap, Bemus, Aihann., Uncas, Lavington, Herman. Gar denia, ChUde TTajnM, launder. Betting—2tol against Sheet Anchor. 7 to 1 Sea Horse and Claptrap, 8 Remus, Chackster, Albums, and Gardenia 10 Duration, laTingtoo, Ghost, and Bohemian. - Lavington sot any first, followed by Bahemias, Duration, and Sheet Anchor, with Ancnorite last. At tbe abattoirs the fiield were all in a duster. W""?f came op to Larington at the torn, bat quickly died | stray again. Oaidemer was woU up now, bat she re tired as the etraight was readied, where Dotation passed Lavingtcn, tallowed by Bobesniaa; the two raced to the post, Dai^on winning by haK a length, Chucketer was third, just a neck in advance at Stafford, then came Claptrap, Lavington, Sheet Anchor, and Lord Wilton. Sine, 1 mm. 421* sec Uncas fell in this race. HCBDUKACE. Insolvent, by EingCole—Grace, 10 s*. 12Ib.(Scobie) 1 MasterPinetop.lostBln. (UcLeod) _. _ 2 ? Grattan, 9st 10 Ib. <Hont) _ .. .. _ s ' Other starters—Gasatter, Vnlcan, General Jackson, IV'avedey, DisQler, Falcon, Soolyte, Cookboat. Betting—S to 1 against Waverley and Saloon, 4to I Casalier and Grattan,s to 1 Insolvent Boolyte was over first fence {a advance, and led into the straight, where Insolvent took up the running past the stand in front of Volean, KoeJjte, and General /ac&son.; Gasalter wag bere gpingtrell, when he jumped on to a pieoe of hurdle kicked np by the hone in front, and got fab bind lan fixed in it and name down heavily, breaking tab off hind leg. Gardiner, bis jockey, escaped mbnrb At the torn General Jackson beaded Insolvent, and Distiller ran off. At the fence on the bin round the back the position of the first two horses was unchanged, Grattsa being- third, and Cockboat last. Passing the abattoir* Insolvent went an to General Jackson, and was in front at toe abed*, where Gratton ran Up seoond, with Koofrte next. Insolvent wag lust in tbe strata three lengths in front of Orstton, who was foDgred by Master Pinetop, General Jadtsos, and Fafton. In tbe race horns Ineolvent won by dree lengths from Kacter Pinetop, trbovxe tbe came dmtawe in front of Gratton. General Jackson was next, Van oame Waverly. Falcon, Tulean. Soo^te, wiS> Oockabont last, lime, S mm. 53j sec. BtOOT PL4TT. Sheet Anchor, by St Albans—Qneen Mary, 9 st. 3 Ib. (O'Brien) _ _ I Peginald,9st.3lb.f?obertson) .... 2 I iist Prince, Bst filb. (Uoore) „ _ ? S Only three started, BettW—Stol on Sheet Anchor, S to 1 against E^rinakT, 7 to 1 against Rrrt Prince . First Prince led the field at a stow paoetfll near the abattoirs, where the favorite, who had been lying last, came up, and overhauling the others won artU ticaUy by a length and a haft from Beginald, Fiat Prince being two lengths behind. BTESPISCIUSE. Uernder, by Eintr Tom, 11 St. 6 Ib. (Watson) _ 1 LadyAshton,listBlb.iKfldnff) .. _ 2 Katn-e,lost.9lb.(ltcLeoa) .. .. _ ~ S other etarters—Lizette, Wymlet, Goodwood, Nar. lUBetHn?r—B to I against Wymlet, 4 to I Lizette, S to 1 Kative, Goodwood, and Heroder, 7 to 1 Lady Ash ton and Hanmng. Kative ted over the flret fence, followed by Lady Ashton. Coming np to the straight Wymlet came down heavily, and was not remounted. Lizette cane down at the next fence, giving Batty a heavy falL Goodwood also came to grief, but was remounted. Lady Ashton led past the stand sis lengths in front of Xernder, Naming, and Kative, Karmngcame down at the fence near the bridge, and Hernder went in front of Lady Ashton. At the Abattoirs Lady Ashton again beaded Header and led into the straight. At the distance Me went to the front, ana won easily by six length Lady Aahton, Native being third the sunedi behind, Goodwood cantering in fonrth. Time, SCeec. InDgrjIOTEB. HANDICAP. Duration, 7st S Ib. (Brown) --_.._ I Chuckster, 7 St. 9 Ib. (Boberteon) .. „ _ 2 Camerine, BSt (Fraham) .. 3 Blink Bonny, Madcap, Velocipede, Anglesey, Bend Cr. and Lesbia also started. Betting—7 to 4 against Lesbia, sto 2 Duration, 4 Bend Or, 6 Gamerine and Ghnckster, 100 to 15 Anglesey, 8 to 1 Velocipede, 10 Blink Bonny and Bunk: Bonny was quickest off, but Duration and Madcap led past the stand, followed by Velocipede, Anglesey, and Gamerine. At the torn Blink Bonny was second and Bend Or last. Along the river Leabia moved np, and at the bridge was alongside the leader. These two followed at three lengths interval by Camerine. led the abattoirs. Hearing the turn Lesbui dropped back, and fi?^"? and Chnckster made a forward movement In the etraight aH were at the whip, and a grand race bone resulted in a win for Dnratian by faalf a length from Chnckster, Qam?Snp was third, the same -"-t*?">? behind, then came Leabia, Velocipede, Madcap, and Bendor, with Blink Bonny fast Time, 2 mm. 38 sec citrrEEios stakes. The Khm, by First King-Pilgrimage, Bst 7 Ib. (Moore) .._ ~ — ..-.— 1 M.ingnii, 7st 4 Ib. (Datton) ~ — ~ — 2 St Paul. 7st 4 Ib. (Power) .. .. . _ 3 Other starters V.C. and Phoebe Walton. St Paul was first over the tan, followed by V.C. and Phoebe, coming home the nun drew away some distance ahead of St Pant Phatbe Walton next, and V.C. last Tinie,lmin.l9isec. 