.Woman Items. Myra Kembleis losiDg her potter, Scarlet stockings will produce eczema. Bed Lair is fevery day becoming more fashionable. It is worn by several. Madame Janauecbeck bas allowed an artist to photograph "her just as she.ia, wrinkles, freckles and all. She is evidently going out of her mind. There is a horse -thief in Camden gaol, Ark ansas,who names eleven women, all alive, towhom hB has beenjmueh married within the paBt few years. Poor manj! The following clumBy joke appears in the Nooze " Women, ihey say, always have ihe test word. Is Mrs. J, C. Neild the exception that proves the rule." Tho next time the Nooan wants to excel itself, let it remember the neighbour's wood- hoap. Four female medical students were re moved by force recently from an operating room at Boston, whither they had forosd themselves when the surgeons were outting up a man.. They wouldn't go, and so they were removed. They've since cut up|rougn about it. Not so dusty for one who, being a woman, never gained jary experience as a mimber "If you didn't wear a wig I'd like to pull your hair for vou. you nastv thing." And this was said to a feminine stealer of hearts, juBtly proud of her gorjus raven locks, ten years younger than the bald-, headed speaker. A youngster asked bis bereaved father's housekeeper what a miracle was like. The plump and demure one replied "that he'd knew by-and- bye." Thelfollowing day he burst breathlessly into her room with a howl of delight Ah ! Miss Sly- game, I know what a miracle is. Aunt Sally says that if you don't marry my pa, 'twill be a a miracle." A little four-years old plagued bis father incessantly the other day on ,»n exciting tonsorial problem. The youngster's dad had a head as. highly-polished as a billiard-ball, and the twin marble-looking sphere rested on the Shoulders of a visitor paying attention, presumably matrimonial, to the little chick's maiden aunt : "Dad," said the baby, " what makes no hair on that cove's head ? " Dad : "Hush, Tommy, I'm bald, too, remember." Tommy : " Ob, yes, I know that, but that bloke ain't married, is he nru« T.a-i t r\tt oo.cf Qvi ahourd lint I 1 1 M uuziuuu uuu.n catj a MU not ' wholly uncomic idea has been mooted in a leaflet. It is the establishment of an agency for providing ladies who visit London with an escort. Unemployed gentility is the field from which the necessary supply of gentlemen is to be obtained. There are already several younger sons of peers, baronets, officers, clergymen, and one ex-colonial bishop on the list, and these will escort ladies about London for remuneration varying from Is. 6d. to £l pcr honr. A "high-toned escort" can he ob tained for the medium price of 2s. 6d. an hour, or £1 per day. Madame Rhea, a well- known actress, has been interviewed on the subject of stage kissing. It is a debatable point whether, actors are influenced by this kind of delicate salutation, ad the interviewer .put the question straight to Madame Rhea when he said, " Do actresses experience any emotion in kiss ing er bring kissed by men on . the stage ? " The answer is interesting. . " At first they dp. They are. embarrassed, and shriik from the necessijy..of .it. But that wears off in course of time, and we become so indifferent to it that .it is like kissing so much wood. I have reached 1 that pointrthat 1 can look, upon the man I have to embrace on the stage as part of the furniture, a mere lay figure." . In the little village of Mount Pleasant, in Stsffordahire, England, is to be found a child whose extraordinary growth excites great wonder. Iittlo Alice, as she is humorously called, is four years of sge, yet turns the scale at 150 pounds — the circumference of har waist being no less than five feet, while her height is four feet, so that literally she Is broader than she is long, She is bright, intelligent, and remarkably pretty, her head being crowned with a mass ef golden hair. Her ; size does not interfere in the Isast with her activity, i as she may often be seen playing with the other children of the village or wandering in their com pany through the country lanes, Her appetite is enormous. A shocking tragedy recently occurred at Vienna. A servant girl out of employment entered a strange house, and, ascending to the third storsy, threw herself into the courtyard, first throwing her baby, and carrying with her in her Gwn fall her little boy aged four. The girl herself and the baby were killed at once, but when found the boy was still alive, having been protected in his fall by bis mother's body, bnt he also was in a dying state. It appears that the woman had been wandering about for days without food, and that with the last two kreutzors she possessed she had bought some bread for the boy, who devoured it just before the deed was committed. It is not often, says a French correspon dent, that a spectator at the theatre can sit in his stall and see his two wives acting in the same play. Such, however, was the case at Toulouse the other day, when M. Ismael, the well-known .singer, went, while travelling in the sonth, to hear the opera of " Faust," end found his firEt wife, from whom he had been recently divorced, playing the part of Mar guerite, while the second wife, to whem he was married a few weeks ago, represented Siebel. The local journals state that, while the two ladies — Siebel moro especially — were much agitated at the novelty of the situation, M. Ismael seemed to enjoy the opera very much, and applauded with calm im partiality the performance of his past and of his present spouse. A hundred years ago and more there lived in the northern part of New York a family of five girls, known under the fictitious name of the Jukes. The history of each of their descendants has been carefully looked into. Of the twelve hundred allied by blood or marriage, 280 were paupers, 140 were convicts in gaol, 60 ware habitual thieves' reven lives were sacrificed by murder. The j.irecfc and indirect loss to New York from this one family i3 put down at £260,000 dols. It is written on the surface of this history that badness may get into the blood. A century of sinning makes sinning easy. If some motherly woman one hundred years ago had shaped these lives into purity and righteous ness, what streams of wickedness had been pre vented ! Good people sometimes complain of the cost of sehools and churches. A few pounds and a few wise hearts would have saved a score of lives and a million of money. Snobbery is peculiar to no clime, and to no country. "Atlas," in the London Wom® writes like a snob, and the social scribe of the Sydney Twadmegravh quotes it— apparently with- gusto. This is the flummery written by " Atlas" (whose mother was, no doubt — a Dutchess) and echoed by the Rum's artist (whose father was — a dook, probably) : — A rumor says that the daughters of a ci-devant dressmaker were presented to her Majesty last Thursday. If this be true, there is indeed, no limit to the powerful influence of a full Eurse. We have heard of long-suffering modestes eing pacified by the presentation of Hurlingham tickets; but presentation of the over-paid to her Majesty is another and more serious matter. "We don't care whether it was " Rumour" that said it, or the Run ; but why in Sheol shouldn't a brace of girls be presented to the Queen. We recollect Mr. Samlet's remark about the fishmonger, and would to God Mr. "Atlas" were as honest a man. Tho seriousness with which "Atlas" (who has most probably never seen the Queen in his life) regards the presentation of daughters of a presumably honest woman to her Majesty, who is generally re garded as one of the best women of her time, is amusing in the extreme. There 13 a fly on the nose of royalty ; speak softly, the fate of empires trembles in the scales. Flummery! "Atlas," when ke wrote this, was most likely lying in bed with his sing.'e shirt drying before the fire, afterwards sneak- ing out like a guilty ghost to loot the pantry of his unpaid landlady s cold sausages. But we don't think " Atlas" was a man. The quotation is spite ful enough to be feminine. 