FREE TRADE V. PROTEOT?ION. To tIhe SEditor of the Bvening Pentoy post. Sm,-- Lot the advocates of the rival fiscal poli cies contend, let overy elector weigh well the arguments on either side, and the ultimate result will be the survtival of the fittest-this is Darwinian orthodoxy. But I, oir, am very heterodox about Free Trade, and boldly assert "That the Froee Trade theory breaks down in practice." The theory is beautiful, but it has one fault-it is impracticable. A consistent "Free Trader" I have never met with, and a Free Trade nation may exist in sanguine dreams, or in Utopia, but does not exist in this practicalt world. Legislators who profess that policy find the dogmas of their dead oraoles a burden in practical legislation and a hindrance. How some of them rejoice if they can find in the writings of Adam Smith or John Stuart Mill a sentence, however ambiguous, which appears to sanction a five percent. ad valorem duty. The statesman who dare apply the principle of the Free Trade theory to all the varied interests of society has yet to be born. Let us test the pro fessed object of a Free Trade policy-" The greatest good to the greatest number." Few will contend that the traffic in spirits comes within that object, yet for the sake of rovenue. it produces through the customs it is licensed. Nor is it for the good of the greatest number that "Tea," our universal beverage, should be heavily taxed; nor that ensugar should boearthe high protective duty of £6 per ton for raw and £6 10s for refined. The Free Trader says that is for revenue; but, Mr. Free Trader, when in your school I was taught that "direct," as op posed to indirect taxation, was the essence of the principle. Yet you, with all your hlatred of " OustomsHaouses," use them " to tax the many for the benefit of the few." You won't tax incomes, investments, or land; but to save the rich you put taxes on the necessaries of the poor. The rich man with a family of four pays less taxes than the poor man who has eight. Do you call this Free Trade equity, or the greatest good for the greatest number ? 'What hypocrisy and boah! Again, a Free Trade Miuistry did not think it inconsistent to put a duty on keroseno, which produces the poor mau's light. What are the individual economie periciples of shareholders in kerosene mines and manufactories cannot be known; but the pre sumption is that they are mostly merchantsp, and as such Free Traders; but they williugly accept a protective duty which beaufits thoemselves the few; consumers bring the many. Oh, for a spiritualist to sumnmon the ghosts of Mill and Adam Smith back to earth to grant absolution to their inconsistent disciples-although pos sibly, if they came, they might themselves be taunted with some inconsistencies in their own oracular writings. Were these men as gods, knowing all the future varied circumstances and conditions of men and society, that the laws which they laid down as infallable should hold mankiid in bondage for generations after their own doeaths. It is high time that ithose who aspiroe .to legislate for thlis young countryshsould throw off the bondage of oracular political economists, and instead of inquiring what does this or that oracle say, inquire what will do most good to the masses of the people. Have there been but as few men in the world's history as can be counted 6n the fingers who could think soundly and write wisely ? and at the present time is political wisdom, sound fiscal policy, confinood to a portion of one of the many nations of the earth, and are all the rest of the peoples, with their rulers, fools who do not know what is good for them Pi' In the enthusiasm of youth, I have listened with rapt attention to such men as Cobden, Bright, Gibson, Fox, and Miall, and embraced their views from the hope that the crushing taxation under which the masses groaned would be removed from their shoulders, and placed in a proportionate share on the shoulders of the rich by direct taxation; and also that Free Trade would bind together in amity the people of all nations, and cause war to cease. But the illusion has vanished, and FreeTrade ils a failure. National sell-protection and a wisely applied protective policy are in accord with the instinctive patriotism of our nature; nor can any one shlow that with all the blow about the Free Trade principle it has been consistenoutly adhered to-it is impossible. The great evil in New Southl Wales has been adherence to non-payment of members of the Assembly, which has caused our political repre sentation to be monopolised by Sydney men; consequently the interests of the metropolis have booeen supposed to be tlhe intereste of the whole country; but space would fail to lshow how Free Trade Sydney is protcctd by legislation against other ports, and also rural interests, while the farmer is injured by excessive im partations of produce. A word about imports and exports in figures. There is this fallaoy-Re-shipped imports are used to swell the amount of exports, as though all exports were of colonial production. A political :leader who is a pronounced but inconsistent Free Trader advises that our lands he all sold, and our railways also, which would establish two huge monopolies. ;The history of other countries is a warning against allowing a monopoly of land. Save us also from a railway monopoly. Private companies own the railways in England, but their charges are in check by eompetlng lines and by legislation. There would be no competing lines here, and if railway rates could be fixed by Parliament no syndicate would buy. It would be another free traders' fiasco taxing the many for the benefit of the few; and were the directorate interested in imnported pro duce, the up-country farmer might be crusheld by railway rates. One monopoly would foster another, and the people would have to " grin and bear it." W. MARTIN. 