THE MADAGASCAR MISSION. The .ReV. Dr. Kestali-Cornish, the mission ary bishop of Madagascar, who is on a visit to the colonies for the purpose of raising funds for the maintenance and extension of the Anglican missions of that island, delivered three sermons yesterday as follows :-At Christ Church, in the morning ; All Saints' Church,afternoon; and St. Paul's, in the even* ing. There were good attendances at the churches named, and there is no doubt that the monetary result of the rev. gentleman's visit to Australia will be satisfactory- In the morning at Christ Church he took for his text 67 th psalm, 1st and 2nd verses-"God be merciful unto us, and bless us ; and cause Hisface to shine upon us; that Thy way may be known upon eaith,Tby saving health among all nations." He com* menced by informing those present that his remarks would consist for the greater part of a description of tlie religious and general condition.- of Madagascar. He said it had pleased God to endow Englishmen and the Anglican religion'with considerable influeuce amongst the people of the island, and for the past quarter of a century missionaries from the mother country had been disseminating their religion amongst the inhabitants. The teaching of the Church of England was looked upon with considerable favor by the natives, and it was thus the doty of that denomina* tion to. strengthen their influence- He then gave some description of the scene of his labors itself. It was 900 miles in length, with a width of 300 miles, and a coast line of abont.lSO miles. At an average distance of every 10 miles there was a town,-so that this fact itself presented a large field for the operations ofthemissiouariea»The population numbered about five millions, which would no doubt surprise many of his hearers, for even extensive Australia's inhabitants only numbered, about and a half millions. The whole of the misaonaries, which included re presentatives of various sects, only numbered 50,and oftheseonly 13 belonged to the Church of England, consisting of one bishop (him self), nine priests, and three native.deacons. 1 The thought of their inability to minister to this great population had to him and his co-workers become insnpportable, and, at a conference held recently, they had discussed the matter between themselves. They had heard of the kindness and liberality of the Australians, and had thon^ht that if the Australians would so willingly go into the Soudan to help one man, they would also help them in sowing the seeds of religion. It had also been suggested and considered that they should establish a medical mission for the sake of retaining the health of the masses. This, though eminently desirable, was impossible in the present state of their Z&ission;, They had no funds, and it would take £10,000 toeatablish a medial mission, and at least £500 a year to carry it on. ' Bis hearers did not know what it meant to coo* tend with sickness in a bad climate'; neither could they realise what it was to live in a world without spiritual hope or comfort. God had appointed the English people to do the work of colonisation and religious teaching, and it should be held as a sacred obligation by all the adherents of their holy: church to carry out His holy wilL Td'tbe aftetuoon at All Saints' Church he preached to a large congregation, basing bis discourse upon Isaiah. 40th- chap., 11th verse, commencing with the words, " fie shall feed his flock like a shepherd." Be spoke at some length, the greatar part of his address being similar to that delivered in the morning. He said ha was addressing them about a. fold of which they knew very little, but which wasever present to their Heavenly Father, who called upon the Church of England to carry on the work of teaching His word, aiid in calling upon the English church he called upon the same denomination in Australia also. The great majority of the inhabitants of the island of Madagascar were living in a state of spiritual darkness, and the representatives of the Anglican religion were totally insufficient in numbers to spread the gospel amongst them. The people of Australia could assist in the spiritual work begun by the mother country. They hod many advantages over other British conn* tries, and he had no hesitation in placing the matter of the wants of himself and his brethren in th%t far-off land before them. He cauie out to seek pecuniary assistance to aid them in maintaining and increasing the spiritaal enterprise in the inlands which had begun some years ago. and he was sure he would receive liberal support. In a few words, addressed more particularly to the children, he eaid they could assist princi pally by their prayers, aud at their morning devotions he hoped they would remember tbeir fellow Christians in the land from which he had come. At the evening service at St. Paul's Church ;he was listened to by a large congregation, and took for his text, St. Matthew, 2Sth chap., ISth aud ' following verses r "Go ye, therefore, and teach all cations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." He spoke in similar terms to those used at the other churches, supplementing bis re marks with some details as to the difficulty which he and his brother missionaries experienced in endeavoring to grapple with their unwieldy task, asserting that, in view of the population, the difficulties of locomotion, and numerous other, under present circumstances, insurmountable diffi* culties, the missionaries should be nnmbered by scores at least. He asked them to take the subject to their heart*, and for the sake of the common goodand, the advancement of their Church, assist the Madagascar mission to the best of their ability. The collections taken up in aid of the missiou were as follows:-Christ Cburcb, £11 14* 4d ; All Saints' Church. £5 4s 7d ; St. Paul's Church, £12 2a ; Fyaosford,- 12s. 