THE STORYTELLER. The Signalman's Story. (From Cliambtrs' Jfournal.J IN TWO CHAPTERS. CHAPTER I. A HODg ?which was very popular when I was a boy says, ' Most folks fall in love, no doubt, some time or other.' It might with equal truth have said that most folks fall in love two or three times over. I ain sure it was the case with me. It was also my fate to do what, I am told, is one of the commonest things in the world \-- that is to fall violently in love with a person entirely out of' my own circle ; not below it, like tho king and the beggar-maid, bus a great deal above me ; with a girl too, who was as proud and haughty and stony as Juno or a sphinx. In the time to which I refer, nearly fifty years ago — I am now 71 next birthday — tho railway system was in its infancy, but yet was spreading fast, and I was one of the earliest ser ? vants. It was in no exalted position that I served. My father was dead: my mother rented a Bmall cottage on the land of the nobleman in whose service her husband had lived and died and this old nobleman recommended me to a railway company which had juBt constructed a branch through his estates. I was at first a porter, but afterwards a signalman, and as a great favor I was assigned a post on the branch just mentioned, close to my own house. The signal was not far from the junction of the branch with the mainline — a very lonely spot for a long way in either direction, although there was a thriving town some five miles down the -branch — and there was a siding close by where the trucks used in the scanty local trafilc were col lected. There were some cottages next my crossing — I ought to have said that there was a level crossing not far from my box ; . in one of these 1 lived ; a sprinkling of farmhouses and several very good houses of a higher class were within sight. In one ? of these latter, not by any means the grandest, but handsome enough for all that, lived Squire Cleabyrn; and it waa with his only daughter that I chose to fall in love, her name was Beatrice. For that matter, I dare say a score oE other young follows as poor as myself were earnestly in love with her as I was, but they probably had sufficient sense not to show their folly, I did show mine. I could not holp it; and when I recall all I felt and uuffored at the time I feel that I must retract my admission that others were as much in love with her as I was myself, but had the sonso to conceal it j such a 'thing would have been impossible. They could not have concealed it ; they might have restrained from talk ing about it. I did not talk, but had they seen tho girl as often i\k T did did they could not have hidden their jnJa,tua.ti.Qn. from he?, Jn. setiyn, §b,e, would havo looked at them with tho same haughty indifference — ?which yet had somothing of contemptuous won der in it — as I was treated with. Not that my' story has any of tlio 'Lady of Lyons' flavour about it; I was no Claude to an English Paulino ; but this girl, Miss Beatrice, was so amazingly bea\itiful that she was famed for full twenty miles around. In addition she was one of the best horsewomen in tho country, and this enabled me to see more of her than I should otherwise have done. She used to ride out, sometimes with a servant only, sometimes with a parly, nearly every day ; and nearly evory day she came through the gates at my crossing I tried not to look at her, feeling and knowing that there sparkled from my eager eyes more feeling than I should have allowed to escapo me — but in vain — I could not withhold my gaze from that cold, dark face — she was not a blonde beauty ; golden hair was not the rage in thoso 'days — or from her large, deep, unfathomable eyes that looked through me and passed me as though I had not been there, or was at best no more than a part of the barrier I swung open for her passage. Tet these eyes, as I even then knew but too well, read mo to the core, while they seemed to ignore me. I am almost ashamed to own it now and even at this distance of time it makes my cheeks tingle to recall it, but I havo wasted a| whole afternoon, when I had a 'turn off,1 in hope of seeing Miss Cleabyrn. Her father's house stood on a knoll with smooth open lawns sloping down from it on all sides, so that from my signal bos I could soe when anyone was walking in front of tho mansion, or when a parly assembled to ride out. Well I have actually lingered, on Borne feeble pretence, four or five hours about the signal bos in hope that Bhe might walk on the lawn, or that she might mount and ride through our gate. T well remembor that it was one of these afternoons that Miss Beatrice) rode through with a small party. Ah ! I recall them onsily enough. There was one other lady and three gentle men to open the gate for them, for her was the opportunity I had been long been waiting for, and waiting my few days of holiday ; so I offered to do this to assist my mate, who had re lieved me, and who was glad .0 be spared the labour ; and I caught a full glance from the eyes of Miss Beatrice. Tho look was one in which sho seemed to exchange glances with me. .1 knew it meant nothing, that it was all a de lusion, and yet it would be enough to haunt mo for days. I knew that also. I never soon her look so beautiful before, and. I felt my cheeks and brow turn burning hot in the instance I met her glance. They passed. I walchod them to the last — I always did — and I saw her turn her head to the gentleman who rode by her side. The movement brought her profile so plainly in view that I could see she was smiling. As I watched her, the gentleman turned around and looked in my direction. He was smiling also ; it was something beyond a smile with him and I then reddened with shams more than I had before done with excitement, for I knew he was laughing at me. So Miss Cleabyrn muBt havo been laughing also ; and at what ? I was the subject of their ridicule, and it served me right. Yes; I knew that at the moment, but to know it did not make the bitter pang less painful. I went back to my comrade at the signal-box. He, too, had noticed the group, and said as I entered the hut : ' That was the party from Elm Knoll, wasn't it ? Ah ! I thought so, and of course that was the celebrated Miss Cleabyrn. You know who that was riding by her side, I suppose ?' ' No,' I said answering as calmly as I could. I was almost afraid to trust my voice. ' That's a young fellow, a captain from somewhere,' continued my mate, ? who is going to marry Miss Cleabyrn. He has got a lot of money. So haB she. Sam Powell, who drives the night mail, knows him, and told me all about it.' . As the speaker had no idea of the absurd state I was in, he took no particular notice of mo, but changed the subject, and wont on with some indifferent topic. I was glad he did so, for although I had an utter contempt for myself and ft n 11 ? 11 ? . . * m . cor my iony in allowing tho conduct or the future of Miss Cleabyrn to excite me, yet I could not have con versed on such a theme as her marri age while the knowledge' that the person to whom I had been ridiculed — I felt sure of that — was her avowed lover, seemed to increase the bitter ness of tbo sting ten- fold. I had ample opportunity of seeing that the report which I had hoard was likely, at any rate, to be founded in fact, as the stranger, ' the Captain from somewhere,' romained a guest at Elm Knoll for fully a fortnight, dur ing which time not a clay passed with out my seeing both liim and Mibs Cleabyrn; and sometimes more than onco each day. So I came to know him by sight as well aB I did her. He was v frank handsome young fellow. That I could see and was obliged to own, and in his speech he was plea sant. This was shown by his stopping on two or three occasions, when riding alone, to ask me some questions as I opened the gate for him. I was sure he made these occasions, and at first disliked him for it ; but I could not continue to bear ill-will against a man of such kindly open manners, bo I relented, and ere he loft the nighborhood used to look forward with pleasure to seeing him. Thia was a sad falling off from my previous lofty moods, and so was my accepting a, Qigor fep.ni bin; gg bji $p.cta %QUgh.. In fact, although I have no doubt 'written myself an asa,' as our old friend Dogterry would havo said, yet at the worst I was not without Bomo glimmering of sense, which saved me from making an absolute example of myself. Even during the short time in which the Captain — I do not know his name — was visiting at Elm Knoll, the heat and surge of my absurd passion had perceptibly moderated, and just then several circumstances combined to restore mo to a right frame of mind. Aftei the Captain's depniture Miss Beatrice left home on a prolongod visit, so that I did not tee her ; and at tho same time I mot Patty Carr, who was, in her way, quite as pretty as Beatrico Cleabyrn, although not nearly bo haughty ; and my heart being specially tender and open to impression just then, I suppose, I specedily thought more of her than of the young lady at Elm Knoll. Indeed, we were married tho next year. At the time I speak of, a good many tl.ings were in vogu', or at least had not died out, which have quit* vanished now, and among these was dueling. Every now and then a duel was fought, but tho ridicule which attended bloodless meetings and the greater activity of the police in cases where harm was done, were diminishing them greatly, yet still they did occasionally happen. A great stir was made by a violent quarrel among some officers of a regiment quartered in Lan cashiro, in which a challenge to fight a duel had been given and refused. It was called in the papers of the day. 'The Great Military Scandal,1 and arose in the following manner : A certain Major Starley had offered a gross insult to a young lady on whom, it appeared, he had been forcing his attentions for some time, and her only relative, a half-brother, was in the same regiment with the Major. The details were not pleasant, and it was no wonder that Captain Laurensten challenged the Major ; but the latter declined the challenge on some profes sional grounds ; and when tho parties met high words passed. These counnonced, it appeared, with the Captain ; but each became violent in the dispute, until at last the Captain thrashed his antagonist in the presence of several officers. This was not a make-believe boating — a 'consider yourself-horse-whipped' affair — but a right-down 'welting,' the Major being badly cut and bruised. This was serious enough, anyhow ; but what made it worse was that the officers were on duty at the time ; and by the strict letter of military law, the Captain would certainly be punished with death. Ho had expected, it seems, that after so public and painful humiliation, he would infallibly receive a challenge from the injured officer ; but it was not so. He was placed under arrest in tho barracks, and ex pected to be brought up before a court martial. Ho heard, however, from flmnft friATiflW nmirop. t.l»n.t. if. wnst intended to hand him over to the civil power, when ho would be charged witk an attempt to kill. In those days almost anything was transportable, and as Major Starley belonged to one of the most influen tial families in the kingdom, there was no doubt but that the Captain would be sent to a convict settlement ; there was also no doubt but that the prose cution would be conducted in the most vindictive spirit, and pushed to the bitter end. Terrified at such a prospect, the young officer escaped from, tho bar racks, tiy connivance of the guard, there was reason to suppose, although this was never clearly proved ; at any rate he got clear and disappeared. Im mediately advantage was taken of this fatal although very natural step, and a reward was at once offered for his ap prehension. If ho could got out of the country he was safe, as there was then no engagment for giving up crimi nals, so the ports were watched ; an easier thing to do when there was not such a tremendous outflow of immigra tion as now, Public sympathy was strongly in favor of Captain Laurenston and against the Major, who would be com pelled, it was generally said, to leave the service. But this would not save the captain being cashiered, nor from fourteen years' transportation, as he was certain to be made an example of, if only for the purpose of showing that officers would be protected when they refused to accept a challenge. I had taken an interest in all these details, is my mates had done, and as, with them, my sympathies were on the side of Captain JGorenston, yet only as a stranger, for I had never, to my knowledge, heard of him before. But after a while it began to bo said that the Captain was tho officer who had been so long a visitor at Elm Knoll and was the accepted suitor of Miss Cleabvrn. This pave me more interest in the affair, and I sincerely hoped he might make good his escape. Miss Beatrice had returned to Elm Knoll, but she rarely loft the house, and still more rarely rode out, although it was tho hunting season, so that I hardly ever saw her. I was on night duty at the signals ; and when I went there one day to relieve the day-man he told mo that there were several London detectives ' hanging about tho place ' — he knew this from one of tho guards who had formerly been in the police and so recognised them. I naturally asked if the company suspected anything wrong among their people, and my mato said no, not at all. The detec tives, of course, would not say anything about thoir business ; but the guard suspeoted that they were after Captain Laurenston, who was likely 10 try to soe Miss Cleabyrn before leaving England. This appeared feasible oswugb, mi I to ftto .Jwwrttty to ocho the wish of my nlate, to tho effect that the young fellow might give his pursuers the slip.! I have said thatmy signals and cross ings were on a branch ;of no groat traffic, so when the last down passen ger and first night goods trains had passed — they followed each other pretty closely — there was nothing stir ring for several hours. Traffic through the gates at the level crossing after dark, there was little or none, so my berth was dull and lonely enough. I did not much mind this, for I was fond of roading, and on this night, a stormy one it was, I was reading a terrible ghost story. I laugh at such things now, I know right well thoy made me 'creep' then. I dare say every one knows the sensation, and has felt it over ghost stories. I was in the midst of tho most terrible part, when I heard a slight noise, and lifting up my eyes saw at my little window, quite closo to me, that which startled me more than any ghostly appearance ever will. I thought it was a ghost. The glare of my lamp fell upon the' panes, and I recognised the large deep eyes which had so often thrilled me. I saw and knew to a certainty that Beatrico Cleabyrn was looking at me. She knew by my electric start that she was recognised. The face vanished from my window, and as I sprang from my seat there was a tap at my door. I threw it open. The furious blast of wind which entered nearly blew out my lamp, aud I felt the driving rain even as I stood within the hut. It was Miss Cleabyrn, and she at once stepped over my threshold. She had on a large cloak, the cape of which was turned up so as to form a hood, and this was dripping with wet ; great drops of rain were on her face, too. I pushed my stool, the only seat in the hut, towards her, and strove to ask what had brought her to such a spot on such a night; but I could get out no intelligible words. She had closed the door after her, and in her very manner of doing so there was something which suggested fear and danger, so that I caught my breath in sympathetic alarm. ' You are Philip AValters, ara you not?' she said. I had never heard her speak before, and either I was still under the influ ence of my old enchantment, or she really had the most melodious, most thrilling voice in the world ; assuredly I thought so. Of course I replied in the affirmative. ' We — I have heard you spoken off/ she continued ; ' and always favour ably. I am sure you may be trusted ; I am sure you will be faithful.' ' If I enn serve you in any manner, Miss Cleabyrn,' I managed to say, ' I will bo faithful to any promise I may give — faithful to death.' This was a rather strong speech, but I could not help it. As I made it, I felt that she knew right well, ' without being led by any report or mention of me — even if she had heard anything of the sort — why I might be trusted. She smiled as I said this. I know how fascinating was her smile, but I had never seen it with such sadness in it ; it was a thousand times more enthraling than before. ' I will confide in you,' she went on. ' I will tell you why I am here in such a tempest ; to do this, will be to confide in you most fully. 1 will not sit down ' — this was called forth by another offer of the only seat already mentioned — ' I will stand here' — she was standing in an angle behind the door, much screened by my desk and some books which were heaped upon it — ' then no chance or prying passer-by can see me.1 ' None will pass here for some time, Miss Cleabyrn,' I said, 'on such a night as this — on any night, indeed—1 the place is deserted ; but take the precaution, if it will give you a feelinr of greater safety.' ' She did so; and then proceede firmly and collectedly— I was enabli afterward to judge how much the effo: cost her — to toll me what had brought her to my station. 'You have heard of Captain Laurenston V she began. I signified that I had done so. 'You know he is pursued by the police ; and you know, I have no doubt, that he is the gentleman who was here in the earlyjpart of summer ? 1 thought so. He is in this neighbourhood ; is not far from here. He dares not enter our house at Elm Knoll, as that is not only under special watch, but we havo reason to think that one or more of our servants are bought over and would act as spies and informers. He cannot get away without assistance, and you, he thinks, are the only man he can trust.' 'I am!' I exclaimod. 'Why, what can I do ?' 'Perhaps nothing; perhaps every thing,' replied Miss Cleabyrn. 'Ho has beenseen'.and recognized here, and overy hour ruakos it more dangerous for him to linger. He knows he can trust you. I am Bure of it, too,' she added, after a moment's hesitation; 'your very look justifies me in saying so much.' Ah! she know what my poor stupid looks have revealed, months before, and speculated rightly that I would have been taken out and shot dead on tho line rather than have betrayed her slightest confidence. I told her that I would do anything to assist her, and the captain, too. 'In what way,' 1 continued, 'do you — ?' 'You must got him away in ono of the carriages,' she interrupted — 'some carriage which leaves here; for if he ventured to the station he would cer tainly be arrested. You can, for the present, conceal him in your cottage, whore, as I know, nobody livos but your mother and yourself. AVo leave all to you. He will come here to-morrow night. The reBt is in your hands. These are all I can givo you now,' she continued. ? 'What ready money wo can command he will want ; but in a short time you will be properly re were busy under her cloak ; and in the next instant sho laid on the desk beforo me a handsome gold watch and chain. 'Mies Cleabyrn?' I grasped at last; 'you do not think — do you suppose for a moment that I want — would take from you anything to buy my aid ! I am only too willing to give it. I should be proud ? ' 'They are yours!' she interrupted. 'Watch for the Captain to-morrow night. Do not follow mo. No, keep them. All we can do will bo but trifl ing to show our undying gratitude if you aid us now.' She opened the door as she said this, and in a moment was lost in the darknoBS with tho watch and chain in my hand. (To be Continued!) 