Sporting Gossip. j [BT THE VAGRANT.] The once mighty Newstead on whom a pot of money was lost over the V.R.C Deiby, has been added to the list, so it would seen that the son of Neckersgat is once moro sound. Old Joe, winner of the Liverpool Grand National Steeplechase, is a son of Barefoot, (a close relative of Mr. Town's Moorthorpe) and Spot. Ho was sold by his breeder for ¿£30, but I suppose he is valued at thousands now. Mr. Douglas, his owner, must have won a big stake on him for he gave the prize £1130, to Skelton (who rode the horse) with a supplementary present ; X1000 went to the trainor, and £20 to every man in the establishment. A story has been told in a contemporary that in running for the Redbournberry Handicap the horse Erin passed inside two posts. It is said the inci- dent was noticed by two or three persons who did not mention it at the time, as they were not in- terested, and jockeys on some of thu unplaced horses also saw the occurrence. Mr. Mayo wishes me to contradict the false rumour, for it is nothing elso, and I do so the more readily for I saw the race myself. Erin was never on the inside until he got thore at the turn for home, and I am certain he did not get the wrong side of the posts up the straight. If any of the jockeys saw the affair, as they say, why did they not tell their employers, who could have entered a protest and had the old son of Kelpie disqualified ? Mr. Mayo was ignorant of the matter until I told him, which would not have been the case if the story was true. The Victoria Theatre, Newcastle, is not available for the fight between Dunn and Hall, and the battle will consequently take place " up the river." Georgo Priddle, of Raymond Terrace, and William t HnghoB, hotter known as " Podge," of Newcastle, have definitely arranged their sculling match. Thoy aro to row three miles straightaway at Ray- mond Terrace on tho 18th August, for a stake of ¿£150 a-sido. Both men will at once go into work. Mr. Thomas Cook, of Turan ville, who is about to pay a visit to England, has placed his colt Invader in the hands of Mr. James Mayo to train. Invader is a two-year-old, son of Maribyrnong and Ida, by Gemma di Vergy, and has won a couple of Maiden Plates at Scone and Quirindi. There was a great battle recently in California between Dick Matthews and Jack Brady for the championship of the Pacific Coast. Matthews, who is described as an Australian, but who is I think a native of California, was recently doing the knock ing-out business in Now Zealand, where he won many contests, whilst Brady was the holder of the gold belt representing the championship of the Coast, against which Matthews staked 250 dollars. The men fought with small gloves, and Brady of course bad most friends. The champion had all the best of the beginning of the battle, and either knockod or fought Matthews down fourteen or fifteen times, nearly cutting his ear off, and bruising him considerably. The "Australian," however, seems to bo o regular bull-dog, and only smiled at his punishment, despite tho fact that some of Brady's friends gave him a sly poko or two. He lasted longer than Brady, and when ho did come he knockod the latter down several times. The gloves at length became so saturated that the blood spattered out of them "on to the spectators when a blow was struck. At lost Mathews ended the exhibition by knocking Brady sonseloss. Then the conqueror stuck his ear on with plaster, applied leeches to his bruises, and went away all smiles. There was some talk afterwards of matching tho men for lOOOdollarsaside, but as Brady's supporters would not put up, thoy had to shut up. Matthews, in a private sot-to with Professor Jackson, in Syd- ney, never had the ghost of a show. Fred Archer has at length set the seal of fame upon his performances. He began riding in 1870, and since that time has won 2589 races. The previous best was done by old George Fordham« who in his long career had 2587 victories. The well-known New Zealand performer Bayard, a son of Tubal Coin, fell recently in a race and broke both fore legs. He had to be destroyed. I have many times made a note of the perform- ances of Regulator in India, who was the best horse in that sunny land up to a mile, and now I am sorry to say the son of old Kelpie and Rosalie, who was bred at Tocal by Mr. Frank Reynolds, died lately of colic. He was imported to India by Mr. Weeks. The running for the Waratah Sheffield Handicap will commence to-day, and be continued on Monday. I believe Thorpe, Tates, and Bishop will be tho foremost men in the final. A man wants a lot of luck, th»ugh, to win a Sheffield Handicap. Fred Plaisted and Wallace Ross are to get ¿£2500 for attempting the mad freak of rowing across Niagara Falls. At Canterbury Park on Saturday last Mr. Oxon ham put ¿£200 on Florence in the May Handicap. The mare had the race well in hand when the boy on her left off riding. Then Elling- ton sneaked up on the inside, and catching the favourite naj>ping, won by a head. The joke is that Mr. Oxenham is the lessee of Ellington, and he had not a shilling on the useful son of Marvellous. Mr. C. H. Hannell is, as usual, well to time with the handicaps for the Newcastle race meeting which begins on Monday and is continued on Thursday, and from what I can glean he has pretty well planted the plums of the pudding. Jubt a score were nominated fcr the Flying Handicap, and tho reputation of the local horse Zeno was so big that the handicapper was compelled to start with him at 8st. 121bs., and if tho son of Goldshrough and Avalanche is as good as supposedhe should have a show. Old Erin appears to he galloping back into , form, but a bit of weight stops him quickly, and I think the winner will be lower down the list. Hazard is not a bad horse over the distance, but probably Duke of Devon will not be stripped until , later in the day. Abergeldie is a rattler over short courses, and whatever beats him will have to gal- lop very fast. Wotonga and Iona do not please me, for the latter was dead to the world when wo ] last saw her, and cannot have improved much in the interim. Myall King is a good colt when he makes up lils mind to race, and I am sure no one would be sorry to seo felio líete. John Eales seoro a win, for fortune has frowned upon him of late. Down the list I like the speedy Belvoirina and Fly, and if the latter was properly wound up she would win. African, too, should have a show. Tho winner should turn up in Abergeldie, Myall King, Fly, Hazard, and Belvoirina, and I expect to see the first and last named fight out the battle. There are twenty-two in the Opening Handicap, 1 mile. I have not seen the acceptances up to the time of writing, so am somewhat in the dark, but I if Allandale has got back into his two-year-old form, he should squander his field. Distrusting that, though, I would give my vote to Belvoir- ina, Sir Francis, and Sir Ronald. The Birthday Handicap has Prince Imperial at the head of the list with 9st. 121bs., and although at j first the big son of Kelpio appears to be crushed, the field is found such a mixed one on examin- ation that he could not well get in lighter. How I ever, both ho and The Jewel will probably be j absentóos, and I hare faint hopes of seeing Rapid j stripped for the fray, the trio being booked for Randwick on Monday. Free Selector'will therefore be at the top of the tree, and if the son of Somnus is as good an animal as his running at Glen Innes and on oilier Northern courses would lead a person to believe he must be in this handicap up to his throatstrap. Ho cut up badly at Wallsend, but he was hardly himself, and he has Gibs, taken off his back, whilst Duke of Devon has 51bs. put into the , saddle. Canary lugged all round the Singleton course, and should have run better. He was lame after finishing there, but if ho has cast that off ho Trill require some beating. If the Duke of Devon is on his best behaviour the weight will hardly stop him, and old Erin has an excellent show with 7st. 12lbs. I like Sir Ronald well, and Dreamer should take a lot of beating with 7st. ¡albs. Allan- dale is a mystery to me, as I do not know how ho is galloping, and if ever Jack Roarty is to win it should be now. He is as wellbred as anything in the race, and is fairly good looking. Perhaps old Erin, Dreamer, and Hazard are most worthy of confidence. The running on the first day will tell us something of the form of the horses, and I will give my notions of the probable results then. What a consistent performer is Fuse in short races. His running is a remarkable instance of the manner in which some horses change their form. Last year the son of Kingsborough started seven- teen times and only won one race, whilst this season his number has gone up first on fully half a j dozen occasions, and his burdens have been so heavy that it seems he is the best horse in the i colony over six furlongs. The Gem, dam of Tourmaline, First Water, Off j Colour, Topaz, Diadem, and Opal, died last week i in Victoria. The Gem was foaled in 18G8, and was | by Maribyrnong from Chrysolite. She mot with an accident as a two-year-old, and never raced. Our old friend Recovery is in work again, so a Sydney friend writes. The time for the last Grand National Steeple- chase was the fastest on record, viz., 9 min. 14% sees., being about 15 sees, less than the previous best. ^ Torn HaloB has just recovered from a severe attack of his old enemy, asthma. The American cracks, Teemor and Gaudaur, have been matched to row three miles on June 12, for ¿200. Hanlan has again been interviewed, and has again satisfactorily (to his own mind) explained away his defeat by Beach for the championship of the world. The episode of the umpire's steamer being in the way was a very convenient excuse to fall back on, and the Canadian has told the story so often that he has como to firmly beiicre that the vessel was the cause of his downfall. He grows almost pathetic in his description of the occur- rence, and relateB with wonderful minuteness how he left the burly Dapto blacksmith five lengths in ten strokes when he saw the great black hull loom- ing up alongside of him. There is only one defect in the story, and that is there is no truth in it. How Hanlan was defeated is easily told. He reckoned he had a very soft thing in rowing Beach, and was consequently careless in his training ; ho imagined he could row Beach to a standstill in half a mile and failed, as he was himself tiring, and had gone out of his course before the steamer was reached. The result of the race would have been the same had the vessel been miles away. When Hanlan rowed Beach the second time he knew he was meeting a better man than himself, and undoubtedly funked. He was beaton easily ; at the time he professed to be in better form than ever he was ¡ now he tells us lie was not. Ho does not try to explain how Teenier beat hitn. Hanlan has seen enough of the world to teach him that a man is not invincible, and cannot last for ever. That fact he has found out, but he is very slow to con- fess it. Jack Wannop, champion Lancashire wrestle/ of England, has issued a challenge to any man in the world catch-as-catch-can style for ¿8200 a-side. The Sydney Turf Club meeting takes place on Monday, and from present appearances the day is going to be as full of uncertainties as the heart of the most greedy fielder could desire. I expect the Hurdle Race to be won hy Buzza or Caloola, despite the fact that the latter has 13st., for the Bathurst representative is next best horse to The Agent over fonces. A very speedy field remains in for the Royal Stakes, with Fuse at the top o.' the tree with Ost. 31bs., and even at that weight; the son of Kingsborough will beat wore than will beat him. Prince Imperial comes next with 8st. 101b3., and if Mr. Mayo sends the big chestnut and backs him he will be in the first flight, for tho son of Kelpie is a quick starter des- pite his size, and few can travel faster. Cairo overreached himself at work a week hack, and had to he eased up, and I believe The Jewel will bo kept for the Cup. I have no intention of running through the list, but just select those whom I think have a show. I boliove Maddelina will bo the elect of Brown's stable, and if she- would run straight home from the turn would nearly win. Keith must be bad to beat, and Mackay i gave us a taste of his quality at Canterbury last ' week. If Uralla has got bael: into her form the daughter of Chester would win, while the friends of the carefully kept Corday are very confident. Mia Mia must also have an outside show. To sum up I must own to a penchant for Prince Imperial, Uralla, and Corday. Last year Honeydew annexed both the Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup, but I doubt if a horse will be found capable of repeating tho feat this season. I think the winner of the long race will como from Tom Brown, Dagobert, Tempo, Goldfinder, and Brown and Rose, and I like the first three best. If Studley is brought from Vic- toria ho will win the Steeplechase, and the unfor- i túnate St. Dunstan may be next him. The Sovereign Handicap is beyond my ken, but Florence ' should annex the Ladies Prize. First Demon was in his year one of the best colts ; in tholand, but he must now be classed withthe"has i beens" for he ran a very bad third in a selling race at the Canterbury Park meeting, and none of the clever crowd present claimed bim for sale. Sun- dial, who could not win a Hurry Scurry when the son of Gemma di Vergy landed the Hawkesbury Handicap, gave him 31bs. and a bad beating. .The Blue Gum Flat raco meeting takes place on Monday. Is it not just about time that our handicappers recognised the fact that some horses can get certain distances better than others ? Time after time have I noticed, in country handicaps in particular, that horses who are notorious sprinters or stayers, as the case may be, are asked to meet upon exactly the same terms over all courses, the only distinction between the distances being that the scale is made lighter the farther the horses go. I know <many nags which would finish heads and tails with say Prince Imperial or Tom Brown over half-a-mile or five furlongs with almost even weights, yet if they were put together over a mile and a half or two miles 281bs. would not bring them together. Our horses are surely known well enough now to make them meet ou more equitable terms. ïh0 Ucm- ?*»»« Whito has alrcadT^W ¿C12,000 ti», season, and this year alone the Z and white banner of the squire of Kirkham W boen borne victoriously in races which it wodi take most horseownors a lifetime to win. Diirà the last few months helios added to his fot J¡ Derbies, two LegeTs, the Richmond Stakes the Maribyrnong Plate, the Champion Stokes! the Anniversary Handicap, the Summer and Tattersall', Cups. The racehorse Despot left for India on Tuesday The weights have appeared for the two bigeveatt to lie decided at the Narrabri meeting on June » and 21. Good fields are in for both tucos. I that The Orphan, Duke of Devon, and Jack Roartywdl supply the winner. Beach promptly accented the challenge issued bj Hanlan, and a match has been arranged for ¿500 a-sido, to row on tho Thames course. ¿2100 has been deposited by each. Matterson sculls Perkins on Monday, and the young Australian is rtwiug well, and greatly pleases his backers. Professor Miller has announced that he willmafo no more matches, as he is now engaged »3 a tutor to amateurs in athletic exorcises. Laertes, by Maribyrnong from Magie, died in Otago (N. Z.) a couple of weeks back. Laertes was well-known upon Now South Waleä race courses, and Maitland sportsmen will remember lura under tho colours ot Mr. W. Freeman. He won tho North- ern Jockey Club Cup and Duckenfield Park Stake« in 1877, and again captured the last named race in 1878. On Monday next, Queen's Birthday, pleasure seekers will have quite a plethora of amusements to select from. Thoro will bo horseracing atNew> castle, Bluo Gum Flat, Merriwa, and Limeburner1! Creek. Pedestrians will hold high carnival at the Paterson, Gundy, Hinton, Gunnedah, Mulbring, and Greta. . , Tho entries for the Newcastle Grand Handicap, to bo run on May 25th and 26th in connection witk tho Jockey Club, did not fill very well, and, as ii to throw a further damper on it, there has been a row about tho starts. A couplo of gentlemen wert appointed to do the handicapping, which was to o» approved by the committee. The work nas finished, the committee did not apparently think it well dono, for it was almost entiroly changed for the worse, most people say-and some of th» pods aro very dissatisfied. 