THE HAUNTED NURSERY. ( Concluded .) B Y FLORENCE MARRYATT. —Once a Week After that incident, and when he heard why it had occurred, Lord Erskine was very anxious that we should give up No. 37 Abergeldie terrace, and go into another house. He did not believe that I had seen a ghost, or that I had seen anything at allj but he considered the house too dull and gloomy for me, and ho thought that my surroundings had had a bad effect upon my imagination, and that a more cheer ful residence would cure my fears. But I would not hear of going away. What! Was Ito confess myself a prey to supernatural terrors just as I had be come a happy wife, or let Aunt Ellen’s sarcastic tongue jeer at me for being fanciful and full of whims 1 Ifo. If I had died for it, I resolved to remain at Abergeldie terrace, and to remain silent, also, on the subject of the apparition. S) no one, not even Cissy, hoard of what I had seen. I was not very well for a few days afterward, and lay about on the sofas in the diningroom, while Cissy, like a dear, fond sister as she was, tried to amuse me and make the time pass quicker by reading aloud. There was one thing, however, which I had insisted upon Charlie finding out and telling to me, and that was the names of the owners of the house we occupied, and the reason that they had vacated it. Then the truth came out. They were a Mr and .Mrs Duncan, people of great wealth and position in the mercantile world, who had come back from India to settle in Egland, with an only child, who had died of some malignant dis order shortly after their arrival, and the parents, heartbroken at their loss, had been unable to remain in the place where it had occurred. Chariie looked very grave when he told me this story. ‘ I blame the agents very much for not having informed me of this before letting the house,’ he said. ‘ Suppose it was typhus or scarlet-fever the child died of, and I have risked your health in bringing j'ou here 1 ’ ‘You need not be afraid,’ I answered; ‘if it had been any infectious disorder, and I had caught it, it would have de veloped itself before now. But the poor parents and their only little child, Charlie. They are what I think of moat, no wonder they could not bear to re main in the house where he died ! ’ Cissy brought anew novel to read to me this morning, but my mind was so full of what I bad heard, I did not seem to care for stories. ‘ Head me some poetry, dear,’ I said languidly. 1 1 like to hear your sweet voice, falling and swelling in the rhythm of some tender verse.’ >b'o Cissy fetched her book of latest extracts, and fell to repeating sundry bits of poetry which she had collected from books and newspapers, and amongst others she came to this of Moir’s. It was called “ Mother and Her Dead Child.’ With cc-ii H-1 ms sorrow uccoutvll: I, lUe mother mourned her lot, She wept .md wool I not bo consoled, because her cibl 1 was not; tilie gized up in its nursery floor, but there it did not play, '1 iio toys it loved, tKo cl ithos it wore, nli void a:;d i.-naut 1 iy. tier house, hot boo t, ware da-k and dreir with out their unit id liaht. i'ue little star ha I loft iu sphere that theie had shone so bright. Her i ;ars at each returning thought felt bao the frequent raiu. Timoon its wings no healing brought, and Wis dom -poke in vain. 1 Ob, isn’t that like poor Mrs Dun can I’ I exclaimed, suddenly. ‘ Who is Mrs Duncan V asked Cissy. ‘ Never mind—never mind ! Go on with the next verse. I am so deeply interested in your poem.’ She went on— Even in tho raid'll) hour or n ! ght she sought no soft relief. Bat, by the taper’s misty light, sat unwishing , her grief, Twas there a sight of solemn awa rose near her oko a cloud— The iuji-ga of her child sho saw, wrapped in its 11 t e shroud ! It sat withi,, itsfavorito chair—it sat and seemed to sigh, Aad turned upon its mother there a meek im ploring oyo.” 'Just as it did on me,’l exclaimed breathlessly, 1 and it kept on saying, *' Let me go ! let me go ’ ‘ Lily, you are mad,’ cried my sister. ‘ No, no, dear, I will tell you all in a minute, but I must hear the end of the verses first- I feel what is coming, but I must bear it, all the same.’ ‘ I shall begin to think you have really Been a ghost if you go on in this extra ordinary way,’said Cissy, as she returned to her book. “ On, chi] 1! what, b inga that breathless form back from its pi ico of rest ? lor wi-ll 1 know no Ho-can v.a-m again that livid btc-ad; ioa grave is how’.your bad my child I Go, shimbor there in peace ! , ' I ranar-t go I‘isauswered mild, ‘yutil your sor rows cease. ' . I ro tried to rest in that dark bed, bat rest 1 cmnotgot, ... ... . lor id *ays with tho tears you shad isy winding sheet you- wet. Tho drop*, dear, mother, trie!-] ) still into my coffin deep. ■ ]■ - ■ It foals so comfoitlessr-so chill - I cannot go to simp.' ■ . Oh, clnM ] those word--, that touching look, my fortitude ro-t ire; i I feel aad own the fond,rebuke, ami weep thy loss uo more.’ j - ■ - - oho spoke and dried her t a-s tho while,' and ns her passion foil, 1 - .... ■the vision wore at acgol smilo, and looked a, fond farewell." ‘ . - ■ When my sister had.concluded read ing—ah! and long before that—my face was wet with tears. . . ■ ‘I see it all now.’ I said, ‘and under stand why the poor, little darling has disturbed us so much. Oh ! how I wish I could tell his mother ray story and read her those verses just as you read them to ine! hub listen, Cissy, and you shall hear what has upset me so much the last few days.’ ' : Cissy settled herself to listen, but was not destined to hear the tale just then, for at that moment the footman threw open the door and announced ‘ Mrs Duncan.’ I jumped' off the sofa with such alacnty as to astonish my sister, and advanced promptly to meet my visitor. It seemed as if my wish had been granted by magic. Mrs 1 Duncan was a young woman of about 30, very pale, very thin,. and very haggard in appear ance. Her eyes had dark hollows beneath them that looked as if she nearly cried herself blind, and her crape-covered robes and funeral veil added to the. melancholy picture. - ‘Lady Erskine,’she commenced, in a harsh, unnatural voice, ‘ I have to apolo gise for intruding- upon.-you without a personal introduction; but I am iu town only for a few days, and I thought that under the circumstances— ’ - , ‘ Don’t apologise,’ I said, interrupting her, ‘ for it is quite unnecessary. Is there anything I can do for you 1 ’ She glanced' round the room with a sort of scared looked, and then re sumed : ‘ As we have been moving about the Continent for some time, I took the liberty of directing a small parcel to bo sent to me here, and as it is of some importance, I thought I would call for it.’ ‘ I have not heard of any parcel for you,’ I said, 1 but I will ring and ask the servants.’ ... On enquiry at proved that such a parcel had been received and taken charge of by the butler. It was brought to her on a salver-—a small book-packet, with ‘Photographs only ’ printed above the name. Mrs Duncan received it with a shudder, and held it in her hand as if it were something dead that chilled her. After a pause, she said in a low trembling voice; ‘ There was another request I wished to make you, Lady Frskine. I left be hind me a toy—a worthless, painted thing from Bombay. I dare say it has been lost or stolen, but if not—’ ‘No, no, it is not lost!’ I cried. ‘ I have taken especial care of if. It is in the nursery. I will go and fetch it fur you.’ But as I turned to leave the room she cast eyes of wild entreaty on me. ‘ May I go with you ? she said im ploringly. • ‘ What a question to ask in your own house, Mrs Duncan ! Why, of course you may, if you care to take the trouble. She followed me up the stairs, bent almost double with emotion, and T heard her moaning at each step as if she had been in bodily pain. When we reached the nursery we found the windows open and the bright suu streaming in upon the carpet, yet Mrs Duncan sank upon the nearest chair, and shivered as if she had been in a vault. I knew her feelings. I was not a mother, but I was a woman, and one woman always understands another. I knelt down by her side and laid my two hands upon hers. ‘ Dear Mrs Duncan,’ I said, ‘ I have heard of your loss, and I sympathise so truly with your grief ■’ She turned her sorrow- laden eyes to me, and ejaculated— ‘ Thank you. But no oiie knows—no one can understand— : what it was to lose him except myseif!’ Then she pulled, with feverish hands, at the twine that held the packet to gether. ‘ You shall see what he was like,’ she said, ‘ I lost his portrait. I wanted another copy of it, and told them to send it here.’ She tore away the envelope and the protecting cardboard, and turned the picture’s face upwards for me to see. What did I behold 1 Not a laughing baby in frock or knickerbockers, but the representation of a naked cherub borne aloft by angels. Mrs Duncan stared at it for a moment—turned it about curiously, and burst into tears. ‘lt is a mistake !’ she cried; 1 but oh ! if I could only think of him like this, instead of mouldering in his grave, I might—some day—be able to remember my darling, and thank Heaven that he was gone.’ ‘Dear Mrs Duncan,’ I replied ‘try and believe that that is his true portrait, and bo comforted. Nay, do not sob so violently, but lay your hands in mine and let me tell you whit I have seen.’ So, grasping each other as if we had been friends for years, I told the be reaved mother how her child had come to me, and how the beautiful poem I had heard seemed to have revealed to my mind that it was her uncontrolled regret that kept him from rising with the angels to a higher sphere. She listened with wide-open, horror stricken eyes, as if she felt that she had been guilty of a crime. ‘ My little one,’she moaned, ‘ my poor little one. Kept out of glory for my in gratitude and discontent. But it shall be so no more. I will pray, night and day, until I learn the bitter lesson of resignation to Heaven’s will.’ ‘See!’ I exclaimed, as I glanced towards the empty cot, ‘ He is there! He is rising already! Your first desire for his welfare, irrespective of your own, has been answered by himself!’ And as we gazed together—awe-struck as in the presence of an aiigel—we saw a shadowy infant form float smiling up-, ward until it was lost to view iu the radiance of the-suiii ; When I looked round at Mrs Duncan for the interpretation of the vision, I found that she had sunk upon her knees in prayer. It is years and years since those events took place, and Mrs Duncan and my self are still fast friends.' She has seve ral children now, and so. have I, biit neither of us have forgotten the spirit child that was imprisoned for a while in Abergeldie terrace. Only the other day.his mother told me that she could never find, out how thatijpfaotograph came into Iter hands. The photographers denied all knowledge of its being sent. Yet there it was. It is one of those mysteries which it seems futile to attempt to unravel. But it. taught her a lesson not to hold the blessings of life with a loose hand, and to believe that though hidden maybe from sight, they never can be lost to us, until time and eternity have come to an end. ~ 