FACETL2I , Or interest to mothers.-A switch in ;timne saves nine. TUE tower of Babel is the first continued story on record. Tim actor who forgets his cue plays a bad game of billiards. "THE parting gives me pain," as the man said when he had a troublesome tooth extracted. WoaAN's QUESTION.-At 20, who is he P At 30, what is he? At d40,where is he ? "Tais is a rare opportunity," said the res taurant cook, as he snatched the" medium done" beef steak before it had fairly begun to fizzle. Toutanr the telephone has superseded the tele graph to a certain extent, yet the average woman still continues to faintaway upon receipt of a telegram. WaVY did the Highlanders do more execution at tel- el-Kebir than the 5th Rifles? iBecause ealch Highlander had one kilt (killed) before the Rifles began. TErn way that a woman lately identified her stolen parrot was by bringing her husband into court and ecolding him. Thie bird soon called out, '" Oh, I wish you were dead, old woman !" A norYinS novice in smokling turned deadly pale, and threw away his cigar. Said he, "Thar's some thin' in that air cigar that's made me sick." "I know what it is," said his companion, pullingaway. "What ?" "Terbacker!" "Youn father tells me, Tom, that you are taking soft courses this year. What are they?" "Well, you see, mother, it's a term borrowed from the turf. A soft course is a heavy course, and a heavy course is a hard course. See?" A Goon story is told of a couple of farmers who lived a few miles apart. One day the one called on thie other, happening to come at dinner time. 'The person ecalled upon was a rather penurious old fellow. He was seated at the table enjoying his dinner. The visitor drew up to the fire, looking very wistfully toward the table, expecting the old faromer to ask him to dine. "What's thle news over your way, neighbour? (Still eating.) No news over there, ehl?" "No, I believe not." Presently a thought seemed to strike the visitor. "Well, yes, friend, I heard one item worth mentioning." "Ah! what' is that?" "Neighbour John has a cow that has five calves." "Is that so? Dear me! What does the fifth calf do when the others are sucking?" "Stands and looks on, just as I do, like a fool." "Mary,put on another pidate." " WHEN are you going to settle this bill?" "We've bad a settlement already." "When ?" ""The last time you called." "How so?" "Didn't I then tell you that I meant to settle the bill ?" Yea." "Very well, then; wasn't that a settle meant? " THE new cook has been stronglyrecommended; but the first three dinners have been something too dreadful, and ithe mistress has ventured on a few words. Cook : "Well, mem, I dare say you think you're right; but wherever i've been cook before, they in general found it best to take things as I give 'em." Two soldiers were bivouacking in the neigh bourhood of Alexandria; lying beneath their blankets, they were looking up at the etars. Said Jack: "What made you go into the army, Tom ? " '" Well," replied Tom," I had no wife, and loved war." " What made you yo go figlhting, Jack" "I had a wife aid loved peace, so I went." Tan family were telling riddles one evening, and the five-.year-old told this : Four little hopper toads sat on a tree, Two hopped off, and then there were three. Nobody could guess it. "Well," she exclaimed, " one of them hopped back again." "Who toldyou that riddle?" asked manma. " Nobody," replied the little one. " I thank it up myself." A PATIENT complained to his physician that he was pursued by a ghost the night before, as hlie was going home front tlhe tavern. " What shape was it ? " asked the doctor. "In the shape of an ass," replied the matn. "Go home," said the doctor, "and keep sober. You were tipsy last night, and frightened at your own shadow!" SSPINSTER LAD?Y: "Then yon and your mamma want the same room you had last year?" Young Lady: "Yes, lMiss Spriggins; only it isn't mamma who is with me, but my husband. I've got married since last year." Spinster Lady: " Lor, now, have you? I'm glad to hear it. Yet, after all, I don't know why I should be glad: you never did me any harm, poor dear!" TUE fair sex in Guernsey is not to be trifled with. At a fancy diress ball given there recently by the subalterns of an infantry regiment, a lady noted for her originality and wit was brought by chance to the side of one of the chief military authorities of the place. Said alho to Colonel Z.: "SIlay I ask, colonel, what you are?" !' Oh," answered the colonel, who was evidently not in one of his happy moods, "I am nothing. What are you?" "I am next to nothing," was the prompt rejoinder. "How did you find your uncle, Johnny?' "In apple-pie order." "How's that?" "C Grusty." SAID a philosopher: "My friend conducted his future wife to the altar-and here is leadership came to an end." A YouNo lady who went out to India with matrimonial intent, and returned single, said if she had been a hit there she would not have been a M:ss here. ONE of the most exasperatingly humiliating moments in a man's life comes at about two a.m., when he gets to his fraont door and finds that his latch-hey is in his other vest. TEANS'IATED fromFliengendeBlaetter: Judge: " You are discharged and can withdraw." Defendant: ierr President, I appeal." Judge: "Wherefore, that you discharged are?" Defendant: "The highest justice court shall, to, see, that I right have." ONE afternoon, while a tight-rope walker was going through his performance, a boy about. 1S years old turned to an acquaintanace of the same agb, and re marked, " Tom, don't you wish you could do that?" " Yes, I do," sadly replied Tomn; "bat my folks make me go to school, and are determined that I shan't never be anybody.' " LIE still, Bridget," said Pat to his wife, when when the burglars got into his house, " an' if the spal peens lind anything, be jabers, we'll get up and take it away from theun." "SIAr~ . I give you sixpence Pi "Yes." " Yes, if what?" "Yes, if you haven't got any more." "WYon't you have a plate for that orange, Freddy?" "No." "No what?" "No fear." A nA?nDY seaman, who had escaped one of the recent shipwreeks on our coast, was asked by a good lady how he felt when the waves broke over him. lie replied : " Wet, ma'am ; very wet." AN English lady was much incensed, on arriv lug in Calais, at being called a foreigner. " You are mistaken," said she, with freezing haeteur; "it is you who are foreigners ; we are English." " DEAR me l" exclaimed Lueinda, " what a tiresome talker that Dr. Jelker is I IHis long talks would tire anylthing." Whereat her brother Tom, the wheel wrighlt's apprentice, said: "I'd like to see him talk loig enouegh to tire a waggon wheal." TaIr were two little children, and they were painting pictures in their school books. One youngster finished a cow in blue, and then remembered never to have seen a blue cow. " Never mind," encouragingly eaid the other," we'll say the cow is cold." A MAN is known by the company he keeps away from. WHAT's the extreme penalty for bigamy? Two mothers-in-law. Tu front door mtat is always ready to scrape a new acquaintance. GIRLS, like opportunities, are all the more to you afterbeing embraced. HEAD BARMUAID: "These tarts are quite stale, Miss Hunt--been on the counter for a fortnight I Would you mind taking them into the secoxnd class refresthment-room?" A OENTLEOMAN in India, pulling on his boots, felt a horrid prickly object, like a centipede, in one of them. With great presence of mind, instead of with drawing his foot, he forced it violently down and staumped furiously, though enduring exquisite agony in the pro cess. But it was not a centipede, only a small blacking brush left there by a careless servant. A COMEDIneAN went to America, and remained there two years, leaving his wife dependent upon her relatives. Mrs. F- tt expatiating, in the green-room, on the cruelty of such conduct, thel comedian found a warm advocate in a well- known dramatist. " I have heard," said the latter, " that hle is the kindest of men ; and I know that hie writes to his wife every packet." " Yes, hie writes," replied Mrs. F.,"a parcel of flummery about the agony of absence, but lie has never remitted her a shilling. Do you call that kindness. "Decidedlv," replied the author, " unremitting hindness." A CERTAIN Quaker slept at an hotel in a certain town ; he was suppliedi with two wax candlles. itHe retired early, and as he had burned but a small part of the candles, hlie took them with him into his bedroom. In the morning, findlig he was charged tweo shillings in hsle bill for wax candles, instead of fees to the waiter and chambermnaid hie gave to each a wax candle. SYxD'onEY Stern tells of a maid who used to boil the eggs very well by her mastecr's watch, but oneday he could not leed it her because it was under repair ; ro she took the time from the hkitchen clock, and the eggs came up nearly raw. "Why did yeou not take the three nixthles from the clock s you do froe theowatchl, Mary?" " Well, sir, I thought that would be too much, as thei hands are so mach larger." 