V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. DERBY (FIRST) DAY. MELBOURNE, Saturday. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) The promises of the previous day of glo rious weather for the V.R.C. Spring Meet ing were scarcely realised to-day, as the morning broke hot and dusty, a murky sky and fierce northerly wind, while'rain ap peared a possibility of the afternoon. By 1 o’clock, however, the sun shone through, making the prospect brighter, but the northr erly wind continued, and in the exposed portions of the grounds the heat was intense. The attendance was, however, exceptionally large and distinguished, includ ing the visitors from Government House, who arrived in time for the first race; the party comprising his Excellency and Lady Loch, his Excellency Lord Carringtou, Governor of N.S.W., and Lady Carrington, his Excellency Sir George Straclian, Gover nor of Tasmania, and his Excellency Sir William Robinson, Governor of South Aus tralia. The course was iu good going order, and its condition caused the betting to run up considerably in the paddock. The events for the day were the Mel bourne Stakes, Hotham Handicap, the Mari byrnong Plate, the Victoria Derby, Selling Race, and Cobnrg Stakes, and in connection with the great race of the day the winner was invested with a bow of ribbon, and paraded on the lawn, thus for the first time making the Derby veritably “ the Blue Ribaud of the Turf.” The added money for the meeting is as. follows:—£1000 added to the Maribyrnong Plate, £2OOO to the Melbourne Cup, and the total added money for the week £SB7S. During the day the Australian Military Band, under Signor Zel man, performed on the lawn, discoursing now music specially imported for the oc casion. In every way the committee was mindful of the comfort of visitors, and many altera tions and improvements were noticeable. The ladies’ retiring -rooms and refresh ment rooms have been materially • added to and considerable additions made to the stand accommidation. The new Maribyrnong stand, 250 feet long, was opened for the first time, and underneath this stand numerous luncheon parties found great convenience in the tables ;and forms provided for their comfort, while' the addi tions to the upper and lower grand-stands will not be tested as to their holding capacity until Tuesday next.. Another stand fronting the saddling paddock, 600 feet in length, aud named the Newmarket Terrace, was opened for the first time and was largely availed of, but it provides accommo dation for 8000 persons. The additions made to the telegraph office used by the public also proved a great convenience, although considerable crushing was still noticeable. While these improvements for the benefit of the stand, lawn, and paddock were made, the hill had not been overlooked. Anew grand stand has been built capable of holding 5000, with luncheon-room beneath. This is certaiuly the finest stand at Fleming ton, and the best from which to see the race, the view being magnificent, overlooking upper stand, lawn, paddock, carriage pad dock, reserves, and course. Extra facili ties were afforded for reaching and leaving the course, and from an early hour iu the morning tickets were sold at special offices in the city, so at to prevent crushing at the Spencer street booking offices. There was, as usual, a great strain on the -resources of the Railway Department, but considering that a much larger number of people travelled by rail than on previous years there was some slight improvement, although matters in this direction are not yet as satisfactory as they might be. In addition to the many other improvements there was anew road. opened for the first time, and by this vehicles from town proceeded to the course, the road being kept well watered from the post office to the lawn. The first event on the card, the Melbourne Stakes, with 300 added money, a weight for age race, brought out 10 starters, Isonomy being the favorite at 3 to 1. After a mag nificent race home side by side, the event resulted in a dead heat between Isonomy and Boolka, aud it was decided to adopt tha unusual course of running off after the last race. 111 the Hotham Handicap 13" faced the starter, and the event was easily appro priated by an S to 1 horse, Claptrap, who won, hard held; from the favorite, Hexham. The flutter for the Maribyrnong Plate brought out IS runners, aud after a splendidly contested race, the winner turned up in Hortense, the favorites being nowhere. Next came tlie event of the day, the Victoria Derby, for which there were seven starters. The favorite Trident, although he appeared beaten when enteriug tlie straight, over hauled Chesham and won easily. The event was made what it should be, the “Blue Riband of the Turf,” and Trident was adorned with a blue collar, sash, and bow, the investiture beiug performed by Hurry Smith, Esq., the acting lion, secretary; after which the winner was paraded on tlie lawn amidst tlie plaudits of the spectators, the Australian Band rendering “See the Con quering Hero comes.” \- Melbourne Stakes. Mr M. Locke’s b h Isonomy, 4 yrs, flst (Quinn) .. | Mr S. Miller’s b h Boolka, aged, 9st 41b (Olds) .. j Mr W. E. Boyd’s b c Bravo, 7st 111 b (Gallagher .. 3 Tlie starters were Sheet Anchor, Boolka, Isonomy, Grace Darling, Industry, Menotti, Lord William, Bravo, Tamarisk, and Cross fire. Latest betting—3 to 1 agst Isonomy; 4 to 1 agst Sheet Anchor; 5 to 1 agst In dustry or Crossfire; 6 to 1 agst Tamarisk; 8 to 1 agst Grace Darliug or Bravo; 10 to 1 agst Boolka or Lord William ;20 to 1 agst Menotti. Some difficulty was experienced in getting 1 them away, Isonomy and Industry making several false' starts. Boolka was also fractious. Boolka aud Isonomy got away with the lead, Menotti and Lord William being next, Tamarisk, Bravo following, with Sheet Anchor and Grace Darling last. By the river the order was unchanged, bnt pass ing the bridge Lord William led Boolka by nearly a length, with Isonomy, Sheet Anchor, and Crossfire following. Coming round, Crossfire came up second, the others remaining in the same order. Lord William led Crossfire by hall a length at the abattoirs, who was the same distance ahead of Sheet Anchor, Boolka, and Isonomy, Industry being last. At the sheds Lord William and Boolka were running side by side in front of everything,' Crossfire and Sheet Anchor being close on them. At the bend - Sheet Anchor held a slight lead of Isonomy, the next ‘ being Crossfire and Lord William, Tamarisk being six lengths off last. Sheet Anchor and Isonomy led at the turn, Grace Darliug and Menotti showing next. Half way up the straight Isonomy had seemingly disposed of everything, but Boolka then crept on the rails and caught him. Isonomy got his head in front again; but Boolka answeriug gamely every call which Olds made upon him, straggled desperately and got level again, and as the two passed, the judge’s box their noses were level, and he gave it a dead beat. Bravo was third, three lengths off, and Lord William fourth, Sheet Anchor fifth, Indus try sixth, Menotti seventh, and Crossfire eighth. Time, 2 min. 12J sec. The owners of Isonomy and Boolka decided to ruu off after the last race. . Hotham Handicap. Mr J. Whitingham’s b h Claptrap, aged, 7st (Ramage) .. .. .. .. .. 1 Hon. J. White's ch h Hexham, 4 yrs, 7st (Huxley) 2 Mr J. R. Smith’s b g Lancer, 0 yrs, 7st 101 b (Smith) 3 The starters were Ringmaster, Lancer, Gardinia, Silver King, First Prince, Lesbia, Hexham, Claptrap, Remus, Salvo, Geuoe, The Pencil, Fish o’ Silver. Latest betting— -3 to 1 Hexham, 5 to 1 First Prince, 8 to 1 Claptrap, Salvo, or The Pencil. From 10 to 1 others. Mr Watson experienced con siderable difficulty in ' obtaining a start, but at last sent them away, Salvo being in front; and Remus last. Lancer came to the front passing the stand, Lesbia and;Fish o’ Silver being up with him,. Claptrap driving the others round. . Salvo crept .up to second place round the. turn, and along the back led Hexham, Lesbia, and Fish o’ Silver. Along the river side Hexham took command, being followed by-Lesbia, Lancer, Pencil, Silver King being in tlie rear. Lesbia gave place to Salvo for second place passing the bridge; and-the border-was unbroken rouud to the abattoirs, near-which .Fust. Prince gbtl rid. of ,his' jockey; Sanders, : The lad was;- fortunately,- unhurt,- • and afterwards led- his horse in. , Hexham, ; Salvo, and; Pencil were. . almost -in a line at the abattoirs, Lancer, and Claptrap being' close up, ; .and Ringmaster J hopelessly in the rear. Salvo then came for ward, and led Lesbia and Hexham round past the sheds, and towards the home turn, the _ pace being very fast. Entering the straight, Hexam moved forward, Claptrap displacing Lesbia for third place, and mak ing a splendid effort Ramage brought Clap trap clear to the front, leading Hexham by three good lengths at the distance, Lesbia and Salvo following; Lancer, Pencil, and Silver King were in a scattered bunch behind: Claptrap maintained his lead, and won easily by several lengths from Hexham, who was ahead of Lancer'one length, the latter having headed Salvo, who finished sixth behind Pencil and Silver King, Ring master next, Lesbia following, and Fish o’ Silver last. Time, 2 min. 524 sec. Maribyrnong Plate. Mr C. F. Macdonald's brf Hortcnse, 9st 51b (Camp- ■ bell) .. :. 1 Mr D. Cooper’s br 0 Huntingtoner, Sst 101 b (Kelso) 2 Hon. W. Pearson’s br e Bedouin, Bst 101 b (Power).. 3 The starters were Hortense, Bedouin, Matanma, Essex, Escutcheon, Albert Lod dou, Jebusite, Loyalist, Aberdeen, Hunting tower, Perhaps, Mistletoe, Fancy Free, Eckersley, Esperance, Lava, Oceana, Mi randa. Latest betting—3 to 1 Lava or Perhaps, 6 to 1 Mistletoe or Hortense, Bto 1 Oceana, 10 to 1 others. Mr Watson found some difficulty in getting the unruly bateli of youngsters in a line, but at last despatched them to a good start, Hunting tower getting away in front, Perhaps, Mis tletoe, and Albert Loddon being close be hind. Aberdeen from the middle showed in front crossing the tan, Hortense and Perhaps beinghis attendants. A slight diversion was caused through Lord Carrington’s filly Espe rance bolting, thus disturbing Perhaps, who was afterwards out of the race. Miranda and Huntingtower were close behind Per haps, and on entering the course both moved up, as did aldo Bedouin, who now showed ahead of Hortense, Miranda and Oceana passing the carriage paddock, the, latter led Huntingtower, who had come from the inside with a rush, also showing up. Halfway up the home turn Hortense was in front, Bedouin and Aberdeen being close by, Huntingtower, Oceana, and Lara close up. Hortense kept her lead aud won by a clear length from Huntingtower; who was half a length ahead of Bedouin, Lara, Aberdeen, Eckersley, Oceana, finishing in the order liamed, Mistletoe and Essex being last. Time, 474 sec. ’ The Victorian Derby, a sweepstakes of 25 sovs each, 5 ft., with C5O added, (133 subs.); one mile and a half. Hon. J. White's ch c Trident (Hales) .. - - .. 1 Mr D. Cooper’s ch c Chesham (Robertson) .. 2 Mr A. R. Blackwood’s ch 0 Aglaos (Power) .. 3 The starters were First Consul (O’Brieu), Aglaos (Power), Chesham (Robertson), King fish (M'Grade), Volcano (Ellis), Maddelina (Colley). Latest- betting—2 to 1 on Trident, 5 to I agst Maddelina, 10 to 1 Volcano, 12 to 1 First Consul or Chesham, 20 to 1 Aglaos or Kingfisli. Chesham was very troublesome at the post, as was also Aglaos, while First Consul was evidently master of O’Brien. Trident ap peared tolerably quiet,' but Volcano was apparently inclined to trouble Ellis slightly. After considerable trouble, Mr Watson .got "them away, Aglaos being next the rails, and with Volcano'and Chesham next to him, Maddelina being on the extreme outside. Chesham was the first away, but was im mediately led by Volcano, and as they swept past the stand the order ran—Volcano, Chesham, Kingfish, Maddelina, Trident, and Aglaos together, and FirstCousullast. Round ing the turn towards the river, this order was maintained, Volcano increasing his lead to three lengths, whilst Chesham led King fish by two lengths, Maddelina aud Aglaos being a short distance behind, Trident hard held having fallen back. Trident threaded his horses by the river bend, and joining his stable companion the pace was made a cracker, Kingfish joining Mr White’s pair and Valcano was allowed'to go to the front, passing the bridge Hales casing off slightly, and the former took Chesham with him at a couple of lengths distance, about the same space separating Mr Cooper’s chestnut from Kingfish, whose rider, M'Grave, evidently found that his horse could not live the pace. Trident had been allowed hero to fall back behind the leading trio, about a length separating him from Maddelina, who was followed by Aglaos and First Consul at about the same distance. No change in’ the relative posi tions took place, the horses going iu proces sional order round to the bend, where King fish and. Trident changed places aud Maddelina, who had tired away, fell back three lengths behind Mr Hill’s Kingfish. When the abattoirs were reached, Volcano still was in the van with Chesham, a couple' of lengths away, and the favorite three further off, but going well within himself. The terribly severe pace at which Volcano had led his field now began to tell, Kingfish haviug dropped back seven or eight lengths behind the leader, Mad delina and Aglaos being together two lengths away, First Consul still being in the rear. Round by the sheds, Trident came a length nearer Chesham, who was allowed to creep up on Volcano, Kingfish being four lengths behind, followed by Aglaos and Maddelina. From there, rounding into the straight, it was evident that Volcano had fulfilled his mission, and was allowed to drop out, but as Hales passed him on Trident on the outside, Ellis pulled his horse out the wrong way, and interfered with Trident, who, for a moment was thrown out of his stride. Ho soon re covered himself, however, and challenged Chesham who was coming with a couple of lengths’ lead at a great pace, Kingfish having come up then, but at a long distance behind. Chesham led into the straight and Robertson found it necessary to use both whfp and spur, as at the distance, Hailes with one of his famous rushes, ranged up alongside of the chestnut, and together they raced almost neck for neck until half way home, when the favorite gradually got his nose past Robertson’s mount on the outside, and in creasing gradually, won by two aud a half lengths, both animals being all out. Aglaos lead the beaten division 20 lengths behind the first pair,, followed at intervals by. First Consul, Kingfish and Maddelina, Volcano acting as whipper-in. Time, 2 min. 39 sec. Selling Race. Mr R. Howie’s br h Huron, 4 y re, 7st 71b (Howie).. 1 Mr J. G. Leek’s ch g The Ghost, aged, 7st 51b (Gorry) .. .. .. .. ..2 Mr It. K. Maitland’s b or br g Stafford, aged, 7st 51b (Fiddes).. .. .. .. ..3 Latest Betting—Even money The Ghost, 5 to.l Ellington, 7to I others. Huron was first away, being followed by Stafford, Straight Shot, and the Ghost. Huron and Stafford raced together to the abattoirs, when Huron passed Stafford, who was caught by The Ghost in the run home, and beaten for second place by a couple of lengths, Huron winning by a length. Time, I min. 29 sec. Coburg Stakes. Mr G. Davis’ br g Day Star, 3 yrs, Cst 31b (Williams) 1 Mr M. Coffey’s br c St. John, G yrs, 7st 121 b (Williamson) .. .. .. .. ..2 Mr S. Martin's br g Hogmanay, aged, 7st 51b (Robertson) .. .. .. .. ... 3 The starters were William Tell, Dunlop, Lord Wilton, Satyr, Recall, Lancer, St. John, The Nun, Pocahontas, The Agent, Newmaster, Hogmanay, Gadfly, Albanus, Maroney, Myall King, Coldiake, The Fobber, Rosary, and Daystar. Betting—s to 1 The Nun, 7 to 1 Maroney, 8 to 1 Hogmanay, 10 to 1 Agent. Very little betting. To a bad start William Tell and Daystar, followed closely by Newmaster, Maroney, and Gar denia. Pocahantas came up second along the back, and she and William Tell drew out four lengths from the other before the abattoirs were reached, Maroney leading the rear division. Pocahontas showed in front round the bend, The Nun being well up behind Maroney, who was lying third. Pocahontas still kept ahead, rounding into the straight, but were' challenged by Day star, who came up from the ruck, as did also St. John and Hogmanay. Coming up the distance William Tell still led, with Daystar running him very close, and The Nun and St. John close up. Opposite the carriage paddock an exciting struggle took place, Daystar shooting forward together with St. John, and they raced home together about a couple of lengths of the remainder, Daystar winning by half a length from St. John, -who beat Hogmanay by a couple of lengths, The Nun, Lord Wilton, Agent coming next,. Rosary and Satyr last. Time, 1 min. 57i sec. Melbourne Stakes. In the run off for the dead heat Isonomy led by a neck all the way to the straight, and then drew ahead, winning easily by nearly four lengths. ■ 