POINTS. .Qobtt.— Wybert Reeve as Major Bunoomba. ^Feaama Awa*.— Mr. Randall, in England. .Two Sides.— Before you get married, but' tonly one afterwards. 'Hip Hip.'— Alderman Hipwood went in nem. con. What HArpsmro. — Lovo triumphed over money at the theatre on Saturday night. Goraa to Stuff Hm.— B. D. Horohead, at a 'banquet. What for f ' WbedPatbohisbd.— The j oss-hou'eyosterday' afternoon, A Orraioam.— A. 'qomp.jj -who never— oh ! never — used a ' big, big D.' ' WmoH la Iif-Hoaton or Hayter who is to be knighted for bis boi vices to Australia f .Well Stooebb.-- The retailers with sugar. Their shops, not themselves. Fond o' Dress. — Kanakas. So are some other people that arn't Kanakas. Gathebbd to the Ribbons. — The new mayor this morning. Out Shobt tkk Aqonv. — Salisbury's resig nation. Capital Ptoibhicbnt. — Being looked up in a cupboard where the jam-pot is not fastened. iNTmuaKur Boy. — Wanted to know how tho skeleton of a man kept hia dinner in. Faces it Agais. —Alderman Face has beon re-eleoted Mayor of North Rookhampton. A Niob Tbif.— To Warwick show, or Stan fhorpa show, for those who oan take it. Ahothbb Fact. — In olden days Baalam's sss spoke. At the present day such an ocour xenoe is by no means a novelty. Heabd at the Josa House. — ' I aay_, Charlie, they say there are 250 million gods iu China, ana not one of 'em worth a farthing.' Pxbasaot, — To dream that you dweltin marble halls, more espeoially if you were lying on a cool floor this ?weather. Did'nt Mean it. — His Worship said he did not mean to ask any one to ask a blessing on the occasion. ' Which Portion —Of the Press has so un justly abused and ridiouled the ex-mayor P Whioh paper keeps a Btore of scurrility handy ? Blow Pbomotioh.— Eir G. W. De3 Vooux, fcom Fiji to Newfoundland, with Tasmania iu prospect. Shouidee to Hip. — Mao's broad shoulder to ? the new mayor's hip would shove him along, — or over. A Smaet Cbiokbteb. — Smart, of the Unions, ?wielded well the willow, and bowled beauti fully the ball on Saturday. ' As Acauismos.— The Stanley's new man, Medlow j showed his mates how to bat on Sat urday. A Death Maboh. — Four Goodna cricketers came to the crease and went dismally back, each with ' a bad egg ' to his oredit. Pbettx Fate.— Altogether about two thou sand trains leave the different London stations daily. Fiost Lady in Akebioa. — Miss Cleveland, -the President's daughter. She is an authoress ; her works are essays. Wanted. — Some of oar medicos to study the eauses, symptonw, and cure of diphtheria. Don't put it down to eowpox and b id milk. Advice Gratis.— To lodg s and friendly societies: Pay a little more and get ficst-olass ?dootors. Cheap things itra not always good. Bideawek. — Itis rather hard to work up en 'thusiasm just now about suburban allotments. Buyers are taking a breathing spall. They ?will blow out again by and bye. Aota?3 about io Do It — Ganoral Wash -ington is in the famous piotures whioh Bhow Jam iu the act of putting his pan to the -famous Declaration of Independence. A Blustbbujo Freak. — The wind blowing ?four empty truoka off a siding on to the main Jine and blooking the express train from Mel bourne to Sydney. Windiso up. — If some folk give up tho .ghost as deliberately as they wind up their business, what a ' trembling, hopiog, linger ing' process it will be ! Love Lightens Labour. — The ex mayor ?said his duties had been 'a labour of love.' I ha vo hoard that before, but not in the same ?connection. More Eabki in it.— In tho Gladstone Ministry. It will be an early combination, so ought to be forward in foreign as well as home offadtB. Really Going. — Dr. Power is off to England for 12 months. A new starter will have to lie selected. It is to be hoped ho will be a good one. The Escellbnt Des Wedx. — Going to govern Newfoundland. Who told the papers to say he might eventually Buooeed the Tos manian man'? MotTNa. — 16,100 shares in No. 2. Mary for feited and advertised for salo on the 13th instant. Of these 15,00 0 balong to the brokers. The little dodge did not work. A Gbkat Bieqb Raised. — The siege of the Enoggera reservoir by the drought forces of 1883- 1 and 5, raised by Jupiter Pluvius' army of raindrops at Ohristmastiae. Quite Fashionable. — Breakfast Creek has ti'oome quito a fashionable Sunday afternoon resort sinoo the trams commenced to run there. It is a good place for a sea breeza. Nice LrrnvsBiDL. — Tho war indemnity paid by France to Germany at the termination of tiie Franco-Prussian war was five milliards of francs, or £200,000,000 sterling. Only Fance. — There ore now 126,348 pupils in attendance on the schools for girls in India ?while only a few years ago no we man was allowed to learn to read. Bad, Baddee, Baddest. — Tho English are said to write a better hand, as a nation, than any other people, while the Americans are placed next. The Frenoh write poorly, as a rule, especially ladies ; the Italians still woree, and Spaniards hardly legibly. Good for Their Souls. — The Townsville 'SJoval Defence Foroe wont to ohuroh yesterday ?to show off their new summer uniforms. One Obishsp, one arohieacon, and three other .idlvines took part in the special servica. Bow so Find Oct. — If a 'fellar' wants to discover what sott of a temper his gal has jgot let him deliberately take her over a ?'.splashing puddle' when ehe has a clean mhite petticoat on, and mark the result. '? B,A» Nhws fob Spobtomek.— A wire this #norning states that Nordonfeldt has injured ,«ne of 'his legs, and will .probably be -eoratohed-for all engagements. This will be disastrous for doubles. 0b?!WN8BLT VutGAit. — Tho World's leader on *? Meditations in a Mausoleum,' its objeot Jwipg-to.hold the Quoen up to ridicule for her vitab rto .the burial plaoe of the lato Prince Consort, on the.enniveraary of his death . JBicFNjrr old Buab.— Russia thinks tho aano iion«frtiie great i5?owers should be given to the nnion.of [Bulgaria ,aud Roumelia ; but bruin being .one of the a%id groat Powers, does not quite see ibis way clear to give his sanction. flJA MkeWijai.— Bill flhakspeare aayp, ' There is a tide in .t&e; affairs ,af men whioh. ta&an; at the flood, loads on to foatano.' That'a silwory ?welt for Wdlluwn, but Br. Points once bad a tide ia his a&aSxB;, and theijlood took him ix&es; jpast fortune. So'a not got baok sinoo. TiirBLY WABsaNu — At tU- commencements -taportiug season iu England, the following information waa exhibited near Sovenoaks : — 'SEfeis is to give uojtioo that Losd ? does not jpjoftu to shoot htnw!/ or any of ftis tenants till the $ith September,' Jk. Nj«JB FPKonn'.H.— 8ir Charles JMlko oan't tako -oijjca in the Gladstone. Cabinet et present. He's waiting until his divorce suit is over. If ho vriaB he goes in, if he don't he atop' out. Heads, morality; tails, immorality. Oh, Charlie, Ohavlio ! how oould you? A Ducking.— Ono of the officers of flio Ofty of Molbonrno got a ducking on Saturday. Ho fell into tho rivo* when gottlng off tho wharf into a boat. Ho took it very coolly, and his greatest trouble1 appeared to be thai, tho wet had put his cigar out. He dou6ed hia brother officer for laugbiutr at him, *tnd tlip ppir W«JJt aboard eomewhat damp. 