ST. BARNABAS' CHURCH. ? ? * ? LAVING OF THE NEW FOUNDATION STONE. Yesterday afternoon His Excellency, Sir Henry B. Loch, laid the foundation stone of the new church which is being erected to accommodate the largely increasing con gregation of St. Barnabas', Montague street north. Punctually at four o'clock His Ex cellency and suite accompanied by Lady Loch arrived on the ground, and vere welcomed by the large assemblage present singing the National Anthem. The clergymen present were the Rev. Dr. Bromby and the Revs. W. A. Brooke, J. Caton, W. W. Martell, T. H. Armstrong, C. S. Perry, J. Thomson, and W. EL Collier. A hymn having been sung, the Rev. Mr. Armstrong read the form of service provided by the church for such occasions. Mr. H. Tope, hon; secretary, having pre sented the Governor with a silver trowel, suitably inscribed, the stone was lifted into position and tested with levels, and His Excellency said, ' In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I declare this corner stone well and truly laid ;' a hymn suitable to tbe occasion having been sung, His Excellency said it afforded him great pleasure to take part in the interesting and important ceremony for which they had assembled. Owing to the rapid increase of the population of the district he believed there was no parish in the diocese that stood in greater need -if more church accommoda tion thau St. Barnabas'. He understood the new building would cost £7000 aud that only a small portion of that sum had been contributed, so that there was ample scope for their libtrality. Their parish was not a wealthy one, but if all the members of a congregation contributed according to their means no parish was so poor that it could not provide for it's charcli requirements. After some further leniarks. His Excellency concluded by saying that he would always take a deep interest in the parish, aud he hoped to hear-that all connected with it had responded liberally to the call' now -made upon them. The Ven. Dean having pronounced the benediction, tlie ceremony concluded and three cheers were given for the Goveuor and Lady Loch as they left the ground. 