ELECTIONEERING IN NOR THERN QUEENSLAND. An interesting narrative of the adven ? tures experienced on an electioneering tour by Mr. R. Philp, the successful can . didate forMusgrave, Mr. Lissner, M.L.A. for the Kennedy, and the reporter for the : lownsville Bulletin, is published in the journal just named. From it we take the following, wnicn grapniuauy uramura travelling in the tropics during the wet ^During the night the rain fell without cessation, so that when the dull grey ? morning broke, a kerosioe tin which had been empty the previous evening and away from any drip was nearly full \- of water. Jack prospected tbe creek at the edge of the pocket and found the hrirto-A rifortlaced and lvinc at an angle of forty-five degrees across the stream, which was transformed to a raging torrent. The soul of the member for the Kennedy was unconquered. Though wet through, and stiff from the previous day's exertions, he kept the spirits of the party up with his witty remarks about our pitiable condition. Herberton was still twenty two mileB away, and all the worst of the road had yet to be travelled. However eagerly the electors ahead wore awaiting the arrival of thecauditate, miraclescould not be performed ; and it was declared that supernatural aid would have to« be i bestowea'upon the Surprise Party if they were to reach their destination that night. Beyond doubt the Barron Bridge was by this time well on its way towards the falls, and the alternative of crossing the stream was either by swimming, or fell ing a tree on the bank, which might or mieht not form an impromptu bridge. Then there was the difficulty of reaching the river. We were caught in a trap from which it seemed impossible to extricate ourselves. No horse could approach the creek at the edge of the pocket, and the prospect of walking was not at all accept able in our eyes. After considerable de bate, it waf resolved to attempt the road on foot. Leaving what little luggage we possessed to the safe keeping of M' Croan, together with watches and all other unnecessary Impedimenta, the candidate, the member, and the scribe, accompanied by Jack M' Croan and his tall brother B rank, armed with ai.eB, set out in the rain, the hour being half-past eight a.m. It was a humble pilgrimage, especially after we had crossed the stormy seas in a steam launch with such eclat. Thoscrub which hemmed in the pocket on all sides looked forbidding and lonely, but the mellow notes of the pigeons and native pheasants cheered us on our way. Having successfully crossed the Boar Pocket Creek upon tbe disorganised re mains of the bridge, experienced the trouble of travelling over the corrugated track on foot, splashed over another pocket through rain which musthave been ' railing at the rate of an inch or two an 1 hta&.'WSded a flooded creek, witnessed the 'sbectacle of the member for the Kennedy being carried acroB^an im petuous torrent upon the shoulders oi a stalwart elector, 'the party reached the commodious hut inhabited by Mr. Peter sen, a ceiliii-getler. Tie re intelligence as to the state of the country ahead was more discomposing than ever. The Bar ron was UEcrosaable, it was a matter of chance if we could get over the interme diate Vine Creek ; aud almost madness to go ou. However the leader of (lie party was determined to at least see the Barron for himself aud take no responsi bility of furthe. delay. We had expected to find Jack M'Clelland here, but he was reported to be out ' freshing,' having anticipated our arrival tbe previous after noon. Once more we marched out into tbe blinding rain. Fortune favored us anon for while prospecting the banks of Vine Creek for an easy crossing place, Jack M'Clelland was sent to guide us. He had still more alarming intelligence to impart. It was he believed— from the condition of the Barron below the junc tion with Mazzlin's Creek, where be had been doing a little ' freshing ' on his own account — next to impossible to cross, and it was rising rapidly. A short con ference took place ou the tangled bankB of Vine Creek, and then the party one by one took to the water accoutred as they were and sivam to the opposite bank, lauding with their garments ' clinging like cerements.' Thence on, the mem bers cf the expedition were filled with desperate resolve to go through anything in order to keep faith with the electors,, and the troublesome walk through the succeeding jungle was essayed with light some spirits. Only one little incident, creating a momentary sensation, occurred between Vine Creek and the river. At the edge of a small pocket tbe dogs which had accompauied us from Boar Pocket, began to sniff tbe air suspiciously aud to yelp in a peculiar earnest manner, which the bushmen of the party interpreted to signify that myalls were in the vicinity. Our armament consisted of one revolver a_d two axes, but knowledge of the tactics of the blacks disabused the mind that they would attack such a numerous company. Turning suddenly round one of the party descried a tall nigger, who seemed to be in the position of a scout, in the act of darting ioto the jungle. The dogs ran off iu the direction in which the blacks were, but the Sunrise Party closed up and went unconcernedly forward. About a mile more of jungle, and a devia tion from the regular track was advised, so that the fearful Barron might be seeu at one of its narrowest parts. We there fore struggled along a cedar getter's track, half overgrown with vigorous tobacco plants aud the treacherous stinging tree, for a quarter of a mile, aud the turbulent flood which had haunted us for several days and nights previous was roaring be fore us. It was a muddy current, about 50 yards wide, broken with eddies aud whirl pools, and viciously foaming and raging along the scrub covered banks iu its haste towards the Falls. At that point no swimmer could have stemmed the current, for further down a band of rocks extended from bauk to bank some seven feet below the surface, causing it to boil with fury. More arguments, pro and con, on the subject of crossing there and then were silenced by the proposition to fell a tree which had been discovered at the water's edge with a fall towards tbe opposite bank. The jungle rang out with the measured sound of the axe which was kept swinging for about half an hour. In the meanwhile the level of the water rose two inches, and great logs of cedar we had noticed calmly reposing on the edge of the stream moved ofl', slowly crashing through the overhanging under growth, and then plunging and rolling midway in the torrent. A dozen logs passed by ere the tree fell, and the pro fessional ' freshers' grew enthusiastic at the siorbt. and paid no heed to the scrub leeches which fastened on their brawny arms, and left tiny trickles of blood as momentoes of their attentions. The tree fell with a crash which was heard even above the roaring of the torrent, and as the topmast branches swept the opposite bank a joyous cheer rang out from the party. A moment the trunk remained clear of the water. The more daring of the party prepared to negotiate the im promptu bridge ; but it swayed ominously for a moment with the weight of the branches beneath ; ' sagged'in thecentre, and the current boiled up and swept over it in an unconquerable cascade. Thus all other resources save that of swimming were exhausted. Either the candidate had to truBt is life on the water or the electors in the Herberton district were to remain in comparative ignorance of his views on the burningquestions of the day The bushmen uttered disheartening fore bodings of the treacherous nature of the stream which ran between the candidate and his ambition. ' Thou art so near and yet so far,' we sang drearily to the opposite bank, and finally resolved upon viewing the stream from a more favorable position about a mile further up. The path was through an undergrowth of lawyer vines, stinging tree and other noxious vegetables, but with the aid of the axemen who went on in front we suc cfebded in our purpose with but little loss of blood, and comparatively few rents to our garments. Guided by Jack M'Clel land and Jack M'Croan, we reached a spot where the stream was running smoothly, aud was not above thirty yards wide. On the Herberton bank the jungle swept to the water's edge, but there was a clear landing place where we stood, and we were able to calculate from the appar ent velocity of the current the spot at which a swimmer would probably land. Again, therefore, accepting the inevit able, accoutred as we were, we plunged into the stern cold stream, and having been swept helplessly down fifty or sixty yards, and tossed aud twirled about among the eddies and whirlpools, which looked so innocent in the distance, landed safely on the Herberton bank, those first nvRr helnine the others. Ouly three of I the party— the candidate, the scribe, and hardy Jack M'Clelland— trusted them selves to tbe mercies of the genius of the Barron, and thence onward the Surprise Partv were cruelly separated. The mem ber 'for tbe Kennedy having insufficient faith in his ability as a swimmer, ac cepted the advice of the ' freshers,' and decided to wait until the morrow, when a boat would be at his service. We waved farewell, and shouted words of consola tion and encouragement to one another, and turned our several ways. Mr. Liss ner, as we afterwards learned, arrived at Vine Creek that evening on his way back to Boar Pocket, to find it a more angry and vindictive torrent than the Barron, and he surprised the spectators at the skilful aud daring style he performed the hazardous feat of swimming across. The candidate ana ine remuuui oi uin party pushed on through the jungle work ing out the intricate mazes of the cedar getters' tracks underthe guidance of Jack M. Clelland, rain falling from first to last. No one unfamiliar with the nature of the Barron jungle can appreciate the amount of skill and experience required in a guide through theirsilent, mysterious shades. He moves as if by instinct; every turn in the dimly traceable track is known by rote ; he appears to recognise . each tree, and moves as though he were threadiugacrowded but familiar thorough fare. To the amateur the passages are fraught with serious impediments. Sting ing trees and 'lawyers' always seem to intercept the straightforward track ; be staggers and stumbles over the snaky roots, and slips and slides upon the fungus clad and decaying debris. That track had not been trodden- recently, as witnessed by the wild tobacco plants vUoh flourished luxuriantly, aspiring to the height of ten feet and more. Here and there were overgrown plantations of Cape gooseberries. Great cedar butts — relics of the giant logs then sailing down the Barron — became familiar objects ; and now and again our footsteps startled a wallaby or nervous dingo, which fled as noiselessly as a ghost before us. Six miles of that wearisome, devious track — intercepted with the rotting trunks of giants of the forest, whose heads time, the great leveller, had laid low, ami occasionally blocked by thickets of deli cate, slender- stemmed saplings— had to be accomplished, the last mile or so being rendered additionally hard to travel by, reason of the outcrop of basal tic boulders. Three o'clock, judging by the light, saw the further outBide edge of the jungle, aud then we pushed on as briskly as our stiflened limbs would allow through the open forest, until the Port Douglas Road was reached, when a change was made in the character of the road — soft mud taking the place of greasy clay and yielding loam. By five o'clock we staggered on to the verandah of the Hotel at Carrington — late Scrubby Creek — weary with the stroll of nigh upon twenty miles. Here we were glad to meet Phil Garland, the sturdy, ad venturous bushman, Senior-Sergeant Breen, and others, who gave the unex pected candidate a cordial welcome. Horses were obtained, the scribe being mounted on a Chinaman's nag, whose sighing might have beeu heard a quarter of a mile off. So bidding a hasty fare well to Jack M'Clelland, who undertook to return to escort the member for the Kennedy across country, we started on the nine miles gallop to the metropolis of the tinfield. The Chinaman's horse soon rushed to the lead, aud with eyes starting from the sockets, plunged madly on through flooded creeks, up hills, across the levels, never pausing to reflect, for well he knew a iearful fiend, in the shape of Senior-Sergeant Breen, was following fast behind, furnished with a sapling, which he occasionally shook fiercely in the air. Within an hour of starting on the mad career, the candidate and the scribe galloped over the bridge which spans the Wild River, up the steep street, and landed iu Bob Frith's hotel. Thus drenched with rain, weary with travel, but flushed aud heated with the brisk encounter against the driving sleet, Mr. Philp landed at Herberton on the last night of 18S5, at a time when it had beeu proclaimed that the elements warring on the side of the opposing candidate nad beaten him back.' Annie O'DowD.a servant in theem Eloy of Mr, R. Falkiuer, Toowoomba, ad a narrow escape of being burnt to death on Sunday morning. It appears she was reading in bed on Friday night, and fell asleep, leaving the caudle burn ing, Towards morning the family were awakened by her screams, and found her bedroom on fire. Tbe flames were ex tinguished, and it was then ascertained that the girl was much burnt about the body. She was removed to the hospital, where Bhe still remains. The case against Oswald and Matilda Gaston (the former of whom is a tobac conist) charged with smuggling cigars in the lady's petticoats, was concluded iu the Townsville Police Court. Both de fendants were convicted and fined £25 each, being a mitigated penalty in each case of one-fourth of the maximum fine. A telegram from Charters Towers' January 23rd, reports The following crusbiugs have been cleaned up : — Day Dawn No. 6, 124 tous, yielding 141oz. gold ; Day Dawn Block and W.yndham, 240 tonB, 357oz., this beiug for six day's crushing; Craven's Caledonia, 472oz. from about 210 tons of stone. A telegram from Cooktown says : — ' Tbe master of the schooner Rover re ports observing plenty of wreckage, and one side of a boat painted red, three miles south of Cooper Point, Johnstone River, and that the beach was strewn with sugar cane.' Forty diggers aud swagsmen arrived at Normantou by the steamer City of Melbourne, bound for the Croydon gold field. Good reports continue to be re ceived from Croydon, but mail commu nication and police protection are badly wanted. During the voyage of the City of Mel bourne to Normanton, a girl named Marion Williamson either fell or threw herself overboard from the forecastle. The steamer was stopped, but the girl was never seen to rise. A battle between the South and North Shore and Endeavour blacks took place at Cooktown, within one mile of i town, between the Hospital and the slaughter-yard. Two were killed and several badly wounded. 