*'POüß HUNDRED ÄND FIFTY SEVEN." " NUMBER 457," ever since Iiis en- trance into the convict gaol, bad stoutly maintained his innocence. His name was Thomas Stephens, but this was not of so much importance either to himself or his warders as the fact that a neat little badge, with " P. S., 10" on it, was stitched on to his sleeve. In fact, he had been allotted ten years penal servitude for alleged embezzle- ment. A man of splendid physique, with a light, springy step, which even prison discipline could not subdue, his bonds galled him terribly. It is not necessary here to discuss whether he was really guilty ot the offence for which be had been convicted Many persons doubted the justice of his sentence. It was certainly un- common for any Low-moor prisoner to be perpetually informing the warders, chaplain, doctor, and governor-as "JNuoiber 457" did-that he was entirely innocent. The officials treated his assertions with indifference. What j did it matter to them ? They very justly felt that they were not a court j of criminal appeal. What seemed to exasperate Stephens more than any- thing else was the idea that such a mean offence as robbing an employer , could be laid to his charge. But by far the most remarkable thing about this man, at all events from the point of view of the inmates of her Majesty's convict establishment, was the resemblance he bore to the frison doctor. At the time of which write-many years ago-Dr. Brand occupied the position. He was a man who does not appear to have been liked among the prisoners, although he was popular with the warders and high officials, tie had a clear cut, florid face, stood about five feet nine inches nigh; and was of an athletic figure. In ali these respects Stephens was his living image-his almost exact counterpart-except that he was about an inch taller. The likeness between the two men was almost ridiculous. It served as a common subject of con- versation in the place where there were few topics of interest, where life was an unvarying routine, and where nature for quite half the year pre- sented an aspect of gloom not to be surpassed in any part of the kingdom. It was perhaps Datural that Dr. Brand should not altogether appre- ciate his resemblance to a convict. Surly as his manner was to all the Erisoners, to Stephens he was very rutal. The latter knew the cause, and he hated the doctor for despising him. But he did not hate him more than he hated most of the prison war- ders j not half so much as he detested the governor, who seemed-so he thought-to take a delight in tor- menting him. There is no place in the world where, if a person in authority wishes to exercise a petty spite, he can do it with greater effect than in a gaol. CaptX-, the governor at this date, was neither, a good man nor a good controller. He meddled a great deal with prison matters which ought to haVe been left to the war- ders, and the latter, in consequence, did not like him. fie was both a martinet and a man who was culpably indulgent to persons who had gained his favour, The best road to this end was the adoption of a cringing man- ner and a passive acquiescence in the wisdom and power of the governor. At a very early period of Stephen's captivity, soon after his transference from a London gaol, he had reason to regard Capt X-with a feeling of strong aversion. There was, in fact, a mutual repulsion between the two men, which is a dangerous state ol things where one is absolutely at the mercy of the other. In the wild, powerful nature of thie prisoner, Captain X--. recognised a spirit which would never bow before him-which he would have to break, as he could not bend it. He had a theory of his own as to the best waj of taming unruly subjects. His for- mula was this :-/ *« If , they are strong, .brawny feb loira wno «àght-;.v.<»!s.W4 cutían thi No doubt he was perfectly right. After a fortnight of being cooked up in a stuffy room with fifty or sixty other convicts, all tailoring, Stephen's powerful frame craved for exorcise. The governor saw it and was delighted, i Stephens asked to be allowed out-of ' door work. The only reply C¿ptain X-gave was I " Don't dictate to me. You'll get double hours to-morrow ia the shop for your insolence." Stephens ground his teeth but said nothing. A week more of this dis- cipline made him ill. The doctor dosed him with the vilest drugs in the pharmacopoeia-a practice of Dr. Brand's when he chose to think a patient was " shamming." The next time Stephens had a chance ot seeing the governor he complained to him that he was ill, and that the doctor refused to send him to the prison infirmary. " The doctor know's what's best for you," said he. " You shan't go to the infirmary, but you shall go some- where else to-morrow," "Where's that, sir," asked Ste phens. " To the fields." " But I am not strong enough," Stephens said. " I am ill. I feel as if I could hardly drag myself along." " You'll drag yourself there, I pro mise you," replied the governor, coolly exasperating. As he strode away, Stephens mut- tered, loud enough for him to hear " I am bound to be even with you for this some day." This, of course was sheer outrage an«l impudeuce, and Stephens was severely punished. For one thing he was placed in a punishment cell for four-and-twenty hours, which gave bim the rest he was sorely in need of. Next day-it was toward the end of September-no gangs were sent to the fields on the moor, because there was a local fog prevailing. It was a thick mist, produced by a cloud settling on the mountain plateau, on which the prison is situated. The gaol being at least fifteen hundred feet above the sea level, aud surrounded by rugged chains of hills, the clouds blowing in from the sea often enveloped the place in a dismal and clammy em- brace. As he lay in his cell, the night be- fore, Stephens had formed a terrible resolution. A man of violent passions, and now grown heedless of conse- quences, he decided to risk everything in an attempt to escape. If he could at the same time wreak vengeance on the governor, bis oppressor, why so much the merrier. It would be impossible to under- stand what follows iu this narrative without some idea of the configura- tion of the buildings of the prison, and a plan of the interior. All the officers' quarters were placed within the second of the two walls which guard the place. The house occupied by the governor stands close to the gate ; the doctor's rooms, which he officially enjoys whenever he is in the prison, are a little further on, .on the right-hand side ot the "interior quad- rangle. The doctor's apartments were not guarded ; all that anybody had to do was to step up to the outer door, enter it, and then knock at the inner door on the lelt. The governor was not quite so easily accessible. There was a warder always marching up and down before his entrance-one of the so-called Civil Guard. If any convict, therefore, thought ol escaping from the inside gaol, he had two barriers to pass ; the first was the gateway leading out from this interioi quadrangle, where a porter was ol course stationed. The second was tht main entrance gate, leading through the massive and towering wall which girdled the prison. At this gate there was always a strong picket posted men armed with loaded rifle«, whe could be trusted to use them, too, it case of any attempted outbreak. The space between the inner build ing and the outer walls was occupied by some small sheds for workmen, am for the rest was bare. Here the con. victB exercised when not allowed ou in the fields. They might be seen an] day of the week working in gangs, o exerting under the control jof « coupl ,.;f>f;jpravdéf«. Í i , , /, bis furious and suppressed hate, he plotted through the whole night. By dawn his plans were matured. At six he was roused by the bell inside his cell ringing vigorously. " My last day in this hole !" he muttered to himself. What was his design ? It was well known that, as a rule, it was 6heer madness lor a convict to dream of breaking out from the interior of the prison. Escapes sometimes did occur, but that was when the prisoners were in the fields, or perhaps, under cover .of a suddenly, setting mist one man might elude the vigilance of the guard. Such incidents, even under those cir- cumstances, were rare. How would escape from the double girdle of stone walls, the warders in the interior quad- rangle, and the strong guard at the outer gate, be any way possible for Stephens ? He knew he had one thing in his favour-bis resemblance to the doctor. If he could ouly use that deftly, he might escape his guardians. He determined to try. He knew that in an hour, when the convicts were being marshalled in the quadrangle, pre- paratory to going out, or to return to their cells, there occurred moments when a man might make a move without being seen by the warder. Surely he would have time to step into the portal near the doctor's room, rap and enter. '1'ben-woe to the doctor! An exchange of garb, most likely of a compulsory nature, must take pldce. As if fortune favoured him, the mist I have described enveloped the prison in its almost impenetrable fold on the day of the attempt. The convicts were relegated to different kinds of work within the prison. Some had to put up with the solitude of their cells. In pursuance of the governor's orders, Stepbens was not one of these. As he could not be drafted out into tbe fields, he was set among the gang in the stone yard. He had become used to degradation. Yet now that he was forced to drag a heavy cart-load of stone along, yoked with villains whose countenances betrayed them, the shame of bis posi- tion iucreased his longing to escape. And he was weak, too ; terribly weak ; the work demanded of him strained every limb, every nerve. At last the half-past twelve bell tinkled, which told the men to cease labour. Very soon they were mar- shalled in files, ready to march back into the interior quadrangle. When they arrived there, it was the business of two of the warders to stand near and superintend the entry of the con- victs into the huge building built of I stone, where the cells were placed. Stephens contrived in starting to be one of the last men in the file. He knew then that when he bad got into the quadrangle he would be pretty close to the doctor's apartments. Dr. Brand's little surgery was irre- proachable on the score of neatness. Thc doctor was there now, having done his work at the infirmary, and was pre- paring to leave the prison, as he usually did at midday. He was whistling to himself when the door opened. He was standing with his back to it, aud was surprised that' the person had not rapped. Wheeling around, he beheld his second self, but in convict garb-the fellow Stephens, " Number 457 "-the man against whom he borea stupid and unreason- ing grudge. There must have been something ol menace in the man's look. " What business have you here ?" the doctor ejaculated fiercely. At the same moment be involun- tarily glanced aside to see what weap- on he had within reach. Stephens saw the movement. If he bad sprung for ward and grappled with his enemy h< might have overpowered him : but Dr Brand would be sure to shout ant bring all the warders in a swarm iot< the room. To persuade him by en treaties to consent- to exchange dressei would be, he felt, utterly hopeless. AU this whirled through his minc in a moment. The next, he caught J heavy glass bottle from the neares shelf and flung it straight at the doo tot's head. The aim was perfect. Th victim fell with a thud and did no rue. Stephens stood petrified'fe; ¡ moment, And perhaps half ¡remorse ^VOT^% danger he was in, he knelt down to ] disrobe the prostrate man. But there was no need, for at that ! moment be caught sight of a coat hanging on a peg in the inner sanc- tum. It was the doctor's great coat. It would completely cover the prison trousers that he waB obliged to wear, and a pair af thick boots, not of the unmistakeable prison cut, was under a chair. It was hardly a moment's work for the convict to put these boots on his feet, to button very closely around him the doctor's great coat, and to open the door and to walk boldly out into the quadrangle. Apparently his absence had not been discovered. No warder was in sight. There were two gates to be passed before escape could be effected ; but Stephens had something eise to attend to before he thought -of escaping. There was his account with the gover- nor to be settled. In that strange, wild nature, em bitter red by suffering aud maddened by ill-usage, revenge seemed even sweeter than liberty. Assuming as nearly as possible the doctor's walk and manner, Stephen's sauntered up to the doorway of the governor's house. The sentry saluted him, and this gave him encourage ment. " He asked the servant who came to the door if the governor was at home. " No ; he has gone to Doveton for the day, and is not expected back till late." For an instant Stephens thought of waiting till he returned. Then he felt it would |be nothing but madness to do so. Yet he hesitated, for the idea of revenge on his oppressor had taken deep root in his morbid imagination. No; revenge must be deferred. Perhaps some day he would get his opportunity, but certainly it was not now. He had better make good his escape. But there was the gate to the inner square. That must be passed. As he approached it he re- membered the doctor's usual habit, and so he began to whistle. " Now, Mr. Day," he said, speaking in a deep tone, as like the doctor's voice as he knew how to assume. The porter emerged from the little den, gave him a quick glance, touched his hat, aud said " You are going out very early to- day, doctor." ** Ay, ay," said Stephens, and the gate swung open. One-half of the peril over, he thought. As he stopped out to cross the open space out of the main door- way he felt his limbs quiver beneath him. Every moment he expected the cry of " Stop him !" would resound through the prison. He gained the gate. The sentry was chatting to another member ot the Civil Guard, and did not see his approach for thc moment. " Kindly open the gate," he said loudly. The senry turned, stared, and theo quickly began to undo tue fastenings, apologising all the time. There was e trap outside the gate. As the sup- posed doctor passed through, the bqj hoîding the horse's head touched hit hat to bim. " This trap for me ?" he asked, ir an offhand tone. The boy grinned. He thought th« doctor was having one of his jokes. " Muster Oliver, up at Bedworth] Corner, has sent for you, sir." Stephens at once perceived th< grand chance that was put in his way Without a moment's thought he leapet on the seat, toek the reins and said " Expect me back in an hour." " An hour 1" exclaimed the youth " It will take you two to do the dis tance, let alone come back again." "And-how far is it? 1 have for gotten," asked Stephens. " Twelve miles, sir," replied the boy surprised at his master's apparen absence of mind. Another two minutes, and th doctor's gig was a speck on the Reme worthy Bead. The doctor seemed t be whipping his steed, although th boy had rarely seen him do so before But it was none of his business, an with his hands in his pockets h sauntered off. # # * . . " Well, what is your report? " I " Doctor's horse and chaise, sir, wa found this aide of Oliver^ farm, bu *' No, I suppose not," the governor answered gruffly. " Where do you vhink he's gone? " " We can't say. He may be in hiding on tho wold. If so, we're sure to catch bim sooner or later. On the other baud, he may have got off in the Doveton direction, and may in- tend getting aboard some vessel if he can." " I presume all the ports have been warned ? " " Yes, sir; and our men are a-scour- . ing the whole Leam Valley and io ! tend sweeping around by Beaeon Hill I and down the Dove ; they'll find him if he's on the moor. The governor thought for a momeu-t or two. "It strange," he said at length, " that nobody set eyes on him after he got to the farm. What did he do at Oliver's, eh ?" I '* Drove up as bold as you please, 1 and pretended to be tbe doctor. Went - into the house and asked to see the . patient. But, bless you, the child as is sick wouldn't look at him, and be- v gan to cry ; ehe could tell he wasn't the right mau, sure enough. " Well, what then ? Did anyone} else see through the disguse ?" .'Not one, sir. They told me as how he said-'.Number 457 ' did-. ¡ that the child was excited, and he ; made 'em all leave the room and said he would wait a bit. Then they gave him some'at to eat by himself in the parlour, and hy and by he walked out of the house. He said he was going -.., to see if his horse was all right. He must have driven away then. They , . found he'd taken a loaf and lot of ' cheese with him from the table; any- how he won't starve for a day or two. i He's a plucky chap, if he is a convict/ sir," concluded the warder, in a -tone -, 1 of irrepressible admiration. / J " Well, he's half murdered the doc- ' ^ J tor. If I only catch him! " and the governor expressively relapsed into silence. Meanwhile, the fugitive had not ' fled far from the prison. He had not 1 thought of getting away to the sea S coast-he knew the risk would be too great. If he could elude capture for ^ , a week or two, he would have a fair- já chance of being able to slip away^;:| when the noise of the escape bau. 'M somewhat blown over. 0¿1 ! In the pocket of the doctor's coat j he had found some few shillings, audA'l what was still more valuable to him,,A 'A flask of brandy. At a roadside inn^| after leaving the horse and chatee to 1 shift for themselves, h > had entered^ the bar-room aud asked to purchase':! some bread and meat. They had jadifl meat, and they never sold' bread/fl What did they sell, then ? NothingJ| to carry away except biscuits. S,ef| bought a huge bag of very dry bÏE«| cuits, and with these and the loaf and| cheese he had purloined froui the fartttl and the brandy, he believed be would/: be able to last in concealment till ni* pursuers were tired of hunting forj niui. y^)U But where te hide ? Stephens hall ! made his plan on the morning whein I he had been conveyed in a wagg6n| with a dozen other convicts, fr«m the j country railroad station up to tW ? gaol. He had noticed the charact|| of the country he passed through^! the wild, hilly Leamshire districj^i and formed his own conclusions. ; ^ Now he was about to put his tbeor| to the test. He struck straight up the course of the Dove till be came to the rugged and desolate yáilelf known as Holy Glen. Here, fearip that he perhaps might meet a Ash»$ man in the highest reaches of-'Mm river, be struck up the side of the $ufl and came on the great ' upland m|fflB whence sprung the Dove, tho TieaujW and the Aven streams. .. 'v'tlÉH Stephens knew that often« fliiff^jjH sandstone which looks quite flat to t^H eye yields numerous cor aura angles which would serve as. a|^^H good shelter both from pursáerl-|i^H bad weather. It was sucha plao^l^H he now discovered, and althoujg^^^f had no more room than : - toí-'pm&^M himself at full length on tlie ' ^^^H . slab, crusted with small Î^I^^^H felt that be could defy captiáró^^^H aB provisions lasted. .^''^'^^^s|B It-was three weeks afterwajdjil^| the-runaway. hadÁot^et ^BpM|^| waa rejoicing to his soul because tidings just received. Âfter a fortnight had elapsed, j the convict was still at liberty, it I really seemed probable that he wo never be taken-that he had mana¡ to escape either into some distant p of England or on to the Contint He might have contrived to seci himself a stowaway on board so ship at Doveton, and so have escap But che watch on the wolds \ still kept up, and now it was repor that the fugitive was still lying ¡ somewhere among the rocks and ta asses of their immense area. The h< and legs of a mountain sheep had be found by un augler in a nook, unde stone, not far from Beacon Hill, rc . dering it almost certain that the cc vice must be in hiding not far off, a reduced to straits for food. Meanwhile we have been paying I , : scant attention to the wounded I U Brand. Stephens had not killed hi " but his injury had necessitated repc and long unrsing at home. Even no three weeks after the attack upon hi he was unable to do more than coi _ ; down from his bedroom to his parloi though he was hoping the next da finder the care ot' the Betnsworti surgeon, to be well enough to be o and about. The governor had called once twice to see him. This afternoon, ti 20th. of October, he had come acre from the prison to report the joyf tidings that Stephens must be foui I' before long. « "\ç"e starve the man out ¿ Captain X-said, rubbing his hau< gleefully together. "I don't em [ . him when he gets back into my pow i< again. Cold weather, too, now; co nights. The wretch must behaving !>-,. dog's life of it, cooped up in some hoi í ...All the better, ali the better." |'-; ' - He returned to his comfortab quarters in the gaol, humming a tut |(';loy very joy. It was a miserable afte; U soon, wet and misty aud cold. Bi the governor had an internal sola« which did instead of fine weather, li - *'Little Bob .takes came to ask ho £ you are, sir," said the doctor's servan lirias she was laying the doctor's tea i fe the parlour. p *'Very kind of him. Did you te j'fjbâm I felt nearly well ?" |- ~ *« Yes, sir, I did. But he didn't ca " for himself. He said a man sent him. I /"What man ?" |T:v " I asked him, and he said he dido' |viinow.. A strange looking man, h |**iid it was, sent him to ask, and gav Ifiiinva sixpence." ¥ß \ ?* That's very odd," said the doctoi ^half to himself. Then, after a mo lisent, "Could you send for Boi ¡think you?" B too late, sir; he lives up a te. But he'll be into school to v morning." doctor fidgeted in his chair al ne. Somehow-he could no t for it-a feeling of uneaßines »pt over bim. Ii was undeni »range, in a desolate uplant that an unknown man sboulc ie trouble to ask after his, th« i health, just step over and see th« sr, I believe," he said to hit jeper, after the meal. And, in ' her protest, be set out in tho I the October night, driven j a feeling he could not explain himself, alked feebly and totteringly. »ad still felt a burning sore tn whenever his feet jarred a stone. He knew he looked be was not quite prepared for prise which his appearance at on gate seemed to occasion the guard, ll, d'ye think I am a ghost?" Ï peevishly, doctor," one of the men said " only it's odd, you know." at is ?" asked Dr. Brand, in snappish tone, f, sir, when you went out, ten ago, you said you were going Ï the doctor's turn to stare. m ~ I -- went -- out ten a^bi" ejaculated he, slowly, on earth do you mean?" iaiates here saw you, sir," the flied, rather offended. " You he prison for half an hour, I hink# this blessed evening, and governor : and we noticed how thin and ill you were a looking, sir-didn't we?" he ended, appealling to the other men on guard, " Come with me to the governor's, one of you !" shouted the doctor, with sudden alarm and energy, as he pushed his way through the half-opened gate. " Either I'm mad or something fright- ful must have happened !" and he rushed forward toward the entrance of the interior quadrangle. Another minute, and he stood at the governor's private door. All seemed safe. The armed warder was march- ing up in front, just as usual. The doctor knocked loudly. The servant hastily appeared. " Can I see the govervor again? "Why, yes, sir. He's in the study," pointing to a shut door at the top of a small flight of stairs. Up the stairs as quickly as feeble- ness could allow him, the doctor sprang, followed by the warder. There was no answer to bis rap, and he turned the handle aud walked in. The room was in darkness. Only a feeble ray came in from the window, where the blind had not been pulled down. " Don't you hear something f Listen !" said the doctor. " Hark !" " There's nothing nor nobody here, sir," the man replied, inclined to fancy the doctor's intellect must be touched. He was thinking how to get him away, when, glancing into the further corner from the fireplace, he saw something move. " What's that?" he exclaimed. Tes, there was something moving ; a figure in a chair they could just dis« cern, lifting an arm. Then a deep groan. " Lights, lights !" shouted the doctor at the head of the stairs. Five minutes later a band of hor- rified domestics and warders were etauding around the ßtudy sofa. They had laid the governor there tenderly and carefully, and the doctor was trying to pour a little brandy down bis throat. But nothing availed. This time the governor had not been out when Stephens called, and the outlaw and convict had had his revenge. ; Hasty inquiry, immediately held, | showed that the convict had once more j deceived the gatekeepers by his resent- ] bianco to Dr. Brand. Having, through ; the medium of Bob Jakes, acquired ! the knowledge that the doctor might ] soon be able to go out of doors, he ; had only slightly forestalled his move- ments. Appearing at dusk at the i prison gate, the very boldness of his j stratagem ensured its success. Ko j warder would dream that the hunted ¡ fugitive would dare to walk straight into the lion's mouth-that he would have the incredible audacity to pre- sent himself at the frowning portal of the gaol and ask admittance. Nor in all probability, would he have done so in his saner days ; but suffering and semi-starvation can as fatally unhinge a mind and let loose the passions as they undoubtedly weaken the body. Such a hue and cry, as was raised, after the murder, had never been known even in the Lowmoor wolds. Yet the people there are accustomed to engage in the exciting sport of con- vict hunting. The very next morning, news was brought in that the lifeless body of him who had been known to bis gaolers simply as " Number 457 " had been found, four miles irom the prison, drowned in the swollen rapids of the West Leam, which the convict hud apparently been attempting to cross. Some people thought it was an ac- cident ; but others held that Stephens after his fearful crime, maddened with long privation, and perhaps also goad ed by the harrows of remorse, had sought his own end in the deep waters of the Lowmoor stream. 