THEATRE ROYAL. Lessie, Mr. Charles Vincent. Acting Manager . .nr. Harwoud. Final Retirement of Mr. J. C. Lambert. When lie will make ins Inst ap-penranoe on any stage for ever. Those fr ends who desire to honor Mr. Lambert with their presence on this occasion will please take their places imme diately. The Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this o; caslon wit t Mr. Lambert. This Evening. Thursday, February 27th, 1868, The Performance will commence with the 2nd Act of Brinslcy Sheridan's brilliant comedy "THE RIVALS." Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. J. O Lambert Characters by the Company. To be fo'lowed by the 1st Act of Buhver Lytton's comedy of . , : , "MONEY." Sir John Vesey - - Mr. J. O. Lambei t (bis last appearance in that character for over). Alfred-Evelyn - Mr. William Levey- Sir Frederick Blount - Mr. Marcus Clarke otout ... nr. Charles Warner Other Characters by tho Amateurs. Trio— 'Harkl the Lark at Heaven's Gnti Sings"— Mr R. Stewart, and Misses Dooy and Maggie Stewait. To be succeeded by Scenes (iocluding Screen Seem-) irom Sheridan's Comedy, ''THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL" \- Sir Peter Teazle - - Mr. J. O. Lambert (the last oharaoter tie will ever act on any Stage), . Joseph Surface - Air. Charles Vincent Lady Teazle - - Miss Cleveland To which will be added the Faroe entitled "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. R. Harwood and Company. Mr. J. 0. Lambert will then read tho confess- ' ion of his faults and bid his friends a final adieu Doors Open at 7. Commence at 8 preci cly. prices as usual.' The following is a copy of his address: " "Ladies and Gentlemen: — I am about to quit this world of mine for ever, to cross the footlights and live in your world. It is very much the custom on occasions when people are going out of the world to make a full confession of all their sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of the custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the ghost " without recounting the many siiis of which I have been guilty, both since I came among you, and many years before that time." "These as you may suppose were very numerous, . for they have been going on without intermission these two and forty -years. I will begin with the worst offences, and admit I have committed murder — In the early part, of my career especially, I ac knowledge to have murdered several — , parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have been less guilty in this respect, and that the shades of Shakespeare, Ren Johnson, Congreve, Otway, Mnssinger, Rowe, and Sheridan have been appeased, I . trust by my having imparted a little life to soine of their creations." I' I have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of instances. I have married more wives than, Brigham Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number my soub and daughters by scores if hot hun- - dr'eds. Some of them, I grieve to'say, I have treated with great , cruelty, turning them out of doors to .beg or starve, cutting them off with a shilling, forcingtliem into mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." "In connection with these wicked , proceedings I have used . the most ' violent language to my offspring, but ' many times when in the very onslaught of my furious denunciations I have relented and only uttered half a curse. At this moment, if I had not great strength of mind I should be over whelmed with remorse at the conse- quenoes of my severity." "I have to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among my acquaintances, and even among my friends, some very incorrigible scoun drels ; but I beg you will place in juxtaposition with this fact, the cir cumstance of having also been on intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree of society. Indeed, 1 may here remark, that in respect to social position, my friends and acquaintances have been of the highest and lowest rank, with every intermedia.te grade, and that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position." "My own predilections have been in like manner fluctuating. At one time I -have -been so miserly that I have denied myself the common .and most absolute necessaries ; at: others felt, myself prompted bv generous impulses so strong that I have had no hesitation in giving away large sums of money, vast estates, priceless jew els, and even crowns and kingdoms." "I confess, however, these gifts have been bestowed with but an in discriminate hand, and that undeservT ing men have profited by my promis cuous liberality." "Like all other members of my profession, I have lived a double life, and it is only in one of mine, the great crimes I have enumerated and ac knowledged have been committed.. My serious vices, I trust," have all been committed this side of the footlights." " But in the world where in future I am going to dwell, I trust you will credit me with having done my duty n,s a good citizen, and that when in a few days I step on board the vessel- which will bear me from this bright and beautiful country, I shall carry 'with me vour good wishes and your kindly esteem, "Permit me a parting word about my brother managers, w th whom for the last twelve months' T'have been intimately associated. Ineverthought : to have drifted intomanagementagain, but there we're such .pressing reasons : why this fine theatre should not be. allowed to lose i rcstige, and why it should not fall into incompetent bands that .1 consented to become one of the co-partnerships by which its affairs ' have, been lately administered." . "I appeal to you to say whether we .have. managed, the Theatre. Royal satisfactorily, and whether we have not fulfilled the promises made at the beginning of our career. Although we have not obtained a wonderful pecuniary success, I can but think that we have given our pati-ons fair value for their money, and I am happy tc think at this moment that the repu tation and popularity of the Theatre Royal are as good as they have at any time been since it was opened nearly, fitteen years ago. Let me ask you to continue your support to the mana gerial firm as it now exists— al least an equal measure of support. Its members are well know;n to you, and are, I am sure, greatly respected." " ( To be Continued ), 