&rnergl; 3Uiv$, ? \j ? Footbim, Meeting. —The annual general meeting ot tut; fSirathalojn Foutoali Oiuh was held in the IjO'ige Koom ot ttja Com mercial Hotel, when ahout thirty persons Wfe present, Mr. i hiuhardsnu occupying the chair. The bilunce sneet Wis read, and showed thaf the baliuce on hand was £1 88 9 \\. The officers were then elected for the ensuing year, and are as follows ;=C*p tBjn. J-*. McKae ; Practice (Captain, J Harley; Secretary 4. Welali ; Treasurei, 4, HagKHtt ; a njaqafremeut committee, on - Bitting of Messrs. J. Harley ; A.Rtgg^t , 6. D-innktiorur, J. Richardson, A Uy⁢, and the Captain, werp then elected. An ad juurned meeting will be held for the further consideration ol oSJpert, and o-ti r bu»incsn. RgCKivKD — We have just rect-ired the -even^» number of the ?? F-»rest Flora «it Soutn Austiaia.' Like al} the pjvevi ins issues the present) number is beautifully sot up, in tbe highest style of »rt, and forms a splendid description of the tre ;s of which it treats. When tte work 13 to np'eted it will be a verv valuable one. and we confidently recommend it to the n--tiC3 of our readers. Tlie ps ts are issued qgarte ly. We hive also rec ived from Meh.-rr, A. S.Wigg and Sun a copy of '? The Year B --ok of 8ontu Australia,' a most useful and comprehensive work worthy of a plaqp in every lonsehold in tbe colony, containing as it does in ?? bijbII c*ninass 4 must complete guide to the colony. Various pamohletR referring to tbe coming Exhibition are also to hand, C4pc tt op Water. — The want of rain fs begiu .lug to be soriousiy hi-. in parts ot thin district, supplies of water tor domestic pur^o^es getuiig -carca. In tue town a number of tanks are empty and water cunin^ is getting con non It is no qnuMial sight to see dia.e ioudad with casks ot water leaving the tuga^, in some cases to I'e t-kep as far as twe or three miles out of the -own, to householders wbone suopliee have given ont. It has rarely ttappened that water ha« beeu so scirce in this district. Another Big Haui, of Fish at Goolwa — A Goolwja, correspondent writing on ilarch 24, says : — One of the Murray Mou; h fishernaen nameii John Giundy took orer four tons of splendid mullaway or bq^terfish in one haul of liia net last evening bo large a catch, was i.e-rer known here before The small boats Ubed being nnable to bring up such a quantity Hie schoouw White Cloud was sent down for the fish, bu£ light winds and 4 str ng current delayed hp jf ?? and the did not reach the wharf in time to foriraid more than about a ton by the 2pm t' aiu to Adelaide — Advert iter, THE LATE MR. S CHRYSTAL — This well- known and widely respected Goolwa gentleman, an old resident of that town died on Friday afternoon last, after having been in failing health for some time past. Mr. Chrystal was prominent in all affairs affecting the interest of the town and district and at one time held the position of mayor after having several times served as Councillor. The funeral which took place on Sunday afternoon, Mr. Chrystal's mortal re mains being interred in the Currency Creek Cemetery, was very largely attended, every available horse and vehicle in and about Goolwa being in requisition to take the numerous friends of the late gentleman to pay their last tribute of respect to his memory, the gathering including residents from all parts of the dis trict. MKATHACBrK AoBrCPtTtTEAr. SoCfETT — The annual general meeting ot this society wah pilled for Friday last, and tbe president and a few subscribers attended, but the attendance being small and the busine»3 to be transapied of very great interest, it wts duc:de-i to adjourn the meeting till Frldav, April 9 h. wheu it is hoped thare will be a much larger auendance. ; t . Mqnstfk Tomato,— An nnpsaallf lurse tomato growp . near the Meadows has been ebowp to ns, the s:ze being as follows » — cit- cumtereuc». 27 inches] width, 9| inches; thjpkness, 5J jnohea. T^e vegetbbid was in fine conditioi' , and of splendid color. The grower proposes to leave it for inspection ?? French's cash store among-it the other great attractions at that popular ?mporioqs. TQB GovpRKVEKf GfiiQLOQIgT'B VlS|T TO Fchung4 — :(-n Monday (he Government Otologist (Mr. Brown) visited Bcbnnga for ttie purpose of inspecting the trial ehaftoeing sunk there by parties engaged by the Government.' He has ?applied the jgegbUr with the following notes snowing the pi$-ent position of tbe work:— -ftite Nn. 1, Actions 154 and 15.9, r^upitpo — No. I Trial Shaft, bottomed a.f 47 feet ; no water j 9 feet of cemented wash, ho. %. 100 feet east, bottomed at 54 feet ; 3 feet of wish, and a good quantity of water. Dip of w reef 'or bed rock, 1 in 6 easterly. No. S Shaft, sunk to water level ; 55 fet. TituuOt boltomiog . water 5Q g«l)on8 per \ -ur. These abafti | prove the existence i«(f a deep lead at this place. The wullfc Is ft present fl#kA9Vfl- 1 sfaatia are b^ng mo|c to the gastw^rd to define the«a««era* Jwnjflftiy fti the lead, Wbeo this has jtteen done a' maia «haft *-W be nfecewary ojt euffl««rt .^e to-Uosr «€ tbe water being pnamjHBdAr bailed irwu- it, to be sank at t-he place indicated |-y the trial shafts. Bite No S, §ectiom B37 and 53J-, Kupito.-r-Fonr trial 8b«ft8 Uay£ been sunk in east- Bonthreasterly lin« for over 1,500 feat across section 93?, proving shallow ground #0, 5 Shaft bottomed pt 43 feet »na No. Shaft :vu jouk 47 £»et and.' not bottomed owing to water and drift, indicating the presence of a. lead having been atruck. Tte trial shafts aqe being continued across to prove the width of the lead, and for the same purpose as in the case of Mo. 1 Site, to ascertain where a main shaft should be sunk. In each place tbe trial sbafts bari proved the existence of a deep we$ lead. Tbe wasndirt contains similar pebbltu aad boulders to those from all other places in the shallow ground ou the tch.u#ga diggings, and is biichlr favoarable for sold, ihe width of l=ad alreauy proved is considerable, and payable sums of gold should bs tound by driving across it after tbe trial ahafts have been finished and the main shafts bottomed. \ SlffvNGB lK§DBBOHDINATIOllt.-^Wh0 Jlas: not eiperiencpi. a sort of malady wleo all tbe touuiiics ueeui in rebellion, and lauor is absolutely impossible. It is a condition of nervea and aton.ach and J)rain that can only beenrpd by th- upe of chat irreeietibte rtmedy American Co's Hop Biltera. Bead. iHK Kew Mail 1 oira#&crg.;— The new mail contracts commenced yestttrday in various parts of the colony. The successful tendering of Mr, F. W. Sobntz for running the Wellington mail closes up tbe connection ot tstraihaibyn, mi 'far as ma^is arc cuueerued, with Messrs. J'ohn Hill & Co., who at one time bad a regular array of co-tches staking tftratbalbyn a- centre. Since tue opening of tbe railway tb# Wellington bus has been tue only one kept here, and -now that gives place to Mr* fccuntz's new coach, which, by the wiyuuf local make, having bean turned out Irom Mr, J. Allen'8 factory iu style and build etjual to any city made vehicle ever te^u aad a credit to the maker. Mr. I wimnnvti aiuuksadit Mr. Cross on ihe Callin? iou line, a»a ibere are one or two other alterations in Tarions parts of the district. EjpyostATioH op roas Fsou Italy. — Tub exportation ot eggs lruin Aucoua, Italy, to Lngland commenced about teu years since, and bow has assumed sucb large proportions tuat 520 railway trucks of teu tons each are required for their trausport. The tr-ide inr creases every ye-r, and now amounts to ab.nt 75,01)0 000 eggs per annum ; of these 50.000,000 are forwareed by rail to England, miii tbe remainder to Sw»i23rlaud, Germany, Belgium and Holland. '1 uey are packed in Siraw in long b»^C8 of diy wbite wood, weighing abouu 250 ponnds each and enmain ing l,4iO eg^s. The b -xas are drvided in halves by a board, aud, .wnen sawn, tbroigh, form two boxes, 7*20 each, without louuning tl;e contents. For the convenience of tbe custom bousea they are c instituted so that a pointed iron rod can, if necessary ^ be thrust turOQgu them, bo as to prove, without 'uu- packiug^ tbat they cop'^iiu nothing iu the s-hape of bottles or packages of tobacco. These, eggs are all a dice eu iu the dis rict Ariiund A. r. -na. «nd 1 ins ueiebbouriue wwus. Last year their price -ni ' -»e spot varied from £1 IGs to £3 16s per l,0C0, and afforded con siueiahl^ profit to die muustrioua and ptndent ,-easanta of me district, otherwise their pro uuctioa would not have increased so rapidly. The railway transit fiom Ancona 10 London vaiies from six to seven days, and the cUarges upon a truck ot ten tons are about £4U. In Uic Bummpr mouths, in consiqueiice of tbe eggs beiqg exposed to the x&ya; -f tbp suu, tlicf suffer dewsrioratiou, but in wiuter they caii be prespi ved for wet as. The Largest Ca?bagb Farm m tor Wo«»LU,-!- i'lic most extensive cabuagc farm in the world is near. Chicago. Jt consists of tftQ acres ju tne ?' cabbage district,' a* it is called, w)-icli comp? Ulu 2,5oo acres- pf rich, heavy soil, especimiy adapted for growing eabbitges. Ic requires 1,114,000 plants to set t^e 19.0 seres, ana counting itione used lor ? e a-tiuig. 3.0,0 iO.oOO tor tbe whole dirtrict under cultivation. 1'he bulk-' of trie crop' is sent eoutu in oox, cars mi buppiy u ueuiuuu which tx«ts after toe coDsuoiption ot tne Southern crop, which, owing to tne climate, canuoi be stored for future use. Good Octxook ik America. — Thecotn- meric»: statwULS ia 1U9 United States for the year 1885 axe . «ignin.uaot. The number ot failures ia the United state* last year was K',63 , vith liabilities amoumiqg to 124,000 000 d .Is. ; in the previous year the taiures nuinbered 10 964 for a tot«l of 220,00*^001), -lois. There has been therefore, a decrease 10 tue average amount of li&bilitieu; io each fitilare. The securities added to the Stock fcgehange list duiiuu the year re present an aggregate of 231,757,000 dole, ihe total sales 0.1 K^obange »ei-e 9u.U20.707 eliares, a decrease ot five millions upon 18?4. I he most active Htocks were the Cbiu-igii, Muwa,iifcee, and St Paul, of which twelve million shares changed hamis ; in other words, the entire issue was turned .over 40 times. The general comparison of the com merce 01 1865 with that ot 188,4 is favour aole, and a survey of all tbe timing «ou ditioua of trade encourages tbe belief th tt a better prospect exists for the future now than has prevailed for a lang period. Tbe productive forces of ih^ country were never si great, the facilities for twwportation were never ao pertecc, the strength and safety of monetary instiiutions wftere never so manifest, as tUej are now. The devolop. meat of vast region* of the coup try hereto tore unoccupied aud tbe general belief that political matters were a more settled aspect than they have exiiiUted for many years cuutoine to impart a degree ot confidence in tbe future of the country that ou-ht to bring piospeious aud profitable business. A Disappointed Kujan Pkjkcb.— *f Chit Qhat' iu th; European Mail contains ihe following;— A. Fij. fiiuce lias, eays a dn temnorary. made a splendid offer to an English actress, who, Btrauge to «»y, will have none of it. Having travelled far from home, he dropped into the theatre wusie th« lady was pl»y ing, and ic was a case of Peu deuniss aud the Fotherinuay over again. Tne enamoured monarch besought an intro duciou, and, that accjinoiwhed, explained to the actre-a that she could be his. 1 tjesc comparatively uncivilised Rings hate to make themselves cheap. /Hut the lady - said it »ss.oat of the question. Thia put Hia Majesty in an unaccustomed position, tor. Whichever way you put it, it certain^ lookeu as if she ha.1 refused him. He weut to tbe theatre again to have auother look at her, »nd left it reeling more enamoured than ever What could be her reason tor saying him nxy ? 1/ ive shed a light on it. It must be because of those a*er wives. Now that he tnougbt of it,' &uuli;'h maidens had curious idea on the subject of .marriage. They con sidered that they should have « husband each. Joyfully weut the Ring to to the actress, and explained that be had forgotten bis four other wives, bat they would aot stand i« tBe way l*st Her say tne worn ana he would have them stMnglei, she still denied him, and he bas returuod borne tniuic ing that of all tbe anaccouq table people the citigUsh are (fee strangest. -.- .,-.,. . Bb-t- mtV js ^a« JBogn^fig. Awt — The fouo ing terriole mciieut m ?ocordea -u t ..issue o%%\& Lupta, a. Roumanian paper:— A soldier named 61 imberg was t'rogui to ^deatb and fotjod'on the banks ii** L.!ike Stanea. ftya «»B«e of bis death was as follows: — Just tepovered irom a serious illne8s.|it *bs summoned bv m. Antipa, the captaiu «.. his regiment, and ordorel to depa.t at once for tbe town ot rfkuic . distance ot some miles, QrimDerg repreteni^d that he was still :U and unfit, to travel aad showeu the certifl »te of the military doctor. The captain ptttd no mtteotion to this. Grimberg f irtber a(&ted; that be was entirely destitute Of sqitabl ; olotQtog for an expedition in die lac tvy snovstorm then raging. The capt*i-', however, was |neior*ble, and sent off Grim* i-erg, together with i3 other n.UuierB X'hc men were soon oblgea f» disperse in order to t*ek the rif hi roa^J, the pachvay-» beigu j entU»%*^ddenVbf^bo^ ifce »nb|,^|Kj% Gr*mbi^%»rs»BaKt*i | ?« «*j«b faB^-^i 09 ti#aBwj.t* fmtft* Uk«*Joofi thA JSM higb rovtqTkenibw J% ew^opt I -ing ^.M&W; grflJ^wa^^^J^to^kinVod Med ,/ ^ report-that tbe poorftiiow ww dotted in a lighx orereoat, ArUmo**i**iUn#u tr.«sers. In such elothiag soldiers an sent forth t ? lose their lives, not in the-«ittlefl»4d, hut in depths of the snowdrift.— Jewish ChronicU. w BftOApgum' ia tbe Kapuad* Herald nays : — ' Toe maguificent gift of Mi- aud Mrs, Sloan, the smt-in-Iair anl daaghtw of tW ~-'r*~' late W. H. y&nderbilr;, euucui!iiy«lf ?roven ,. ? hat iris wealth has not fallen- into inn*. .. ' ; : - worthy hands. There is no dovbt but thu other members of the family will be bearJ — from in due time. We jook hopetollj. 10. wards Cornelius, who from his past tits *-aV : ?.- i reasonably be expeated to da mat* great : thing for the city whew the graajt bolk of iiis wealth has bees acogmatated, a gift7»hich ? shall paas bis name to posterity with WsS«ings for generations to eoma. Mr- and Mrs. ; — ? - Alean's gift is to found a maternity hospital, ...'?' where poor women can receive a proper atteu tioo daring child-birth. It is a want Inn^ feltj aud will secure Mr, Bloau and hi* wife ' ?-' -* the lasting gratitude of the community.*' ' ' ' A coEBESPOupENT wririflg . to one of tf*e :- Melbiiurue papers pots tbe quantum u{ irrigation in a new an-i somewhat .sprprtnug light. He says, in effect, that the fertile ? hree-fourths of the solon/ana nut likely io submit to be taxed (to make ths o her and V ': arid fourth blossom like the nwe.,. AIh.. th«» the pre^entTPremier-^Uancan Gillies— wpn'd ont be so enchanted with the .irrigation 8Bhemea of Ueakin only that be (too frontier) happens to be »' member, for tba dry arta known as Rodney.' Fan her tbat it 'hi specie* o' taxation of the many for tho good of the few n)w(t with tba appioval of Parliament it. shenld be adopted all round, and 1 hen ' the selectors of Gippsland will have their scrub cleared at the [lUblic cott , tbe dwellers on pour land manured duu), Uio ' topers'* their liquor without da y d tt«, tha « tiBetoiallen' their bobaa and mnbha **41itio' —and so on. There is more in this than meats the eye. But the correspondent givrs 1 imsetf away in his oonclnd ng sentence. He says that if these things coqvj to.pa-n he will not nbj^ci as lie 'will neciissarily join FOtne of ;ne coteries to bB besst-d ho bugely and cheaply ' It d«ea not require a ghost from the other world to guess what one ho will join. It will not, «e' are im* to be% be tbe one tbat yearns fir nniaxt-d bihea and mocha. He evidently sees- no farther use for water th»n to mix 'it with ?oine hiug stronger. —Bulletin. ? ? J hn Brown: — Savs ' Rambhn** io. the; i Licensed Yktualhsn Gazette'. — i ho Queen h*« cmuiaudcU -hat a saored cbnoert uhsll be given in the Albert Hall rn the thiid anniversary of the death of old John Brown, As the canny defunct Scot bas now;com« pleted hid third year ' ober dar,' they rea'ly ' might give him a rest The British, public have surely had enough of ibis parnpe ed menial. Talking of Krown reminds me 'hat Her M-j -sir offered Mr. Gladstone a ♦' ehakt-. down' when he was in iJsborne lately, wh ch ' ihe G.O.M. declined with thanks. He didn't oare about being bored tp death with remini and preferred to get back to Ha war den and oh'ip ud a load of firewood before breakftst, i-»tead of stumping along to Brown's grave with a bunch of primroses, in his hand, and tlit-n returning to have a plate of ** parriich' for breakfast ont of respect to the deceased. Last Tuesday the Beqist«r AeTOtvd Waal .- the ** comps ' call a stick of type to chron.ii le' 'a kindly and much appreciated aotby-tlie- Anglican Bishop ot Adelaide.'*' 1$ appear* ': thai between btrathalbyn and the IVmrray, whilst on bis rounds, hi* lordship met ? , family jonrneying overland to Victoria, and was. so overcome at the sight, that he put his hand into his pocket and — well' no, I hn-i better quote the llegister'a own -worda, 'the bishop pare the man some kia-lly flouusel, distrjuuted among the travellers, some nice fw?xta fruit, And after wishing '.them Got! speed, departed.' Yes, that w*s: ' a kindly and much appreciated act,'* and ijTioiitiou it so that no man hereafter maiy despair', of bavii.g even h js smallest deeds of charity; f ioin a glass of cold . water to a pint ot svaukey, duly chronicled, so long hh we have a faithful press. Of coarse we are not all bishops, (worse luck) and on second thoughts that might certainly stand in th« way. — L. V. Qazatte. T»p t-I£CTB:C LlGHTOJa Of TrAJBS IK Gekjhant —Tbe railway adunnihtiotioii «t Frankf..r -on- the. Main have reC'BtlvripeatPfl some experiments on the lighting of t ipa by eleetrici-y, vhieit, according to oar ivreign exshangeH, have been attended by m-ist tui.o factory rewijlis. The experimental train was composed of a first, second, .aud third class carriage, acd a luggage van, which contained a special orwnpar- men t for tbe- dynanx) siid accumulator^. Tne dynaino was of the Moehring type, and was driven bv a suitsbe arrangement of pulleys and belts from ihe axle ot 'he wheels of tue van, and at a v.lo citv --t 700 rfrolatinns per mjnnte, when the train is tu -iiinga.1 foil speed, the lamps re* main in oircuit while the acrjutnuhiti.rs, a - specially o»iiBtructe(t automatic OumBt»iorre guUdtig its imeusity, . Daring tbe day tbe lamp* are thrown out of circBJt, awMiie 2$ accumulators are ch»ng«d by the 'dynamo' when t^-e train is in uintiop»~:Thf frainwas. li^b ed by 12 inoandesoent lamps, 'of Which two vrcie in tha laggage vhii, tsm in; the third diisa carriage, four in Ihe first* and the remaining four in the Hepimd class carriage. The-e experiments cleany demonmraie, »aya a coniempnrary, the praoricahiliry of lighting trams by ?'eo'ricitv. the lighi beiug perf cny steady during the jmrney, and at vuUble speed, and oven dm. us st-ipp«geaatstatioiis; only ar starting a s ight onfiiilatino w p-'1- c-ptib'e. As all. in regulated . «at-imaticK.|y, n 1 attendant i* required, except at Htariiue. The experiments were c mnnued f'»r ' »n weeks, at 1 be end of which' time everything was found in perfect «rde*. - The cost of lighting in estimated at ten ceniimes per lamp per hour,— Octa*. ific Ametwiu- '. ~Tjib rifle* belonjring to the detachments of , , cavalry and infautry which formed ' the ?- -]amel Cops m ttip Nile expediiwn, which were sent to the Koyal Small Arms factory for elimination on convplnints of u»elc8HnVt»8 through cartridge pwe j-imming whU the ' . corps va^ in acriou at Abu Kl'ea, and elite- / yhere, have been repaired anil inspected, and are ready, for re-issue; but it' has been' lef « U- officers commindiiiK rtie regito-riu to which they belonmd to say whether they wisu'to have them baok or not, - ? ~J' 7 ~* *t ? A SpKpiAfc despatch from'Budai'PesTn dp-' scribes an unusu«lly saS romance in real lite. Tbe career of a young tlunganan (linger had opened with bright promise'. * Her studit s hardly over, she secured an engagement at the Klaasenborg Theatre. ' Her denuj ms L ilia Kookb was a triumph. Tbe compli ments aud bouquets with which she was overwhelmed turned the poir girl's head, nnd because of a trifling lovers' quarrel she took poison. The well^nown;tQ(firietjr*o^jr!jorn , , , she was en Medarrived^toolatilo^escue1! -, ..;* her, aud Bhe died in agoay iq bis ana% Fat CerLDRBit,— A oomspondsnt writes : — « Recently 1 paid a visit to Htslbourtitt »ud * .' ' whie there I had the pleasare rf .«nuv«irsing with 'the fat rest cbildreo Jn Aostralia,' an they are referred to in tbe . adver Wing columns of tbe Melbourne press. .l-did not take a memo of their raspBotrve; weigb'8 or agef imt 1 qu emftbem praitvaocnntel/ - . Tho eldest waVa girl. Siie -was 18 years old, stood aboat 5fc 2is. fcigb anfl mined the scale at 18 e'tbaelO lbs.' The second, a boy of 8 yean approached 12 stone' s- d stood about 4ft 6in. bigb. AlUiOugh »o eit emely fat this vnungster was a perfec model irf physical construction aa4 wu mn lively as a kitteu. The baby was.trifleover aiz yeanjuid her weight was between 8 aud.9 stoo«. All the children were born in. tbp ,G|ppebindl -,-- . distriQt in Victoria, and their father a email man, informed me tint numberless memben ? ?* ' ? ' ' of the KKdictl prof-» ion ?? hit h«»e ex-uni ed his son and damrhti-re otnpn no wajr aocoon't lor their ab lOrmal dt.TJl4pineui.- ? lb y excuse ttiem-iaivea by %\\- .on^whst obfiu&t; wugfrestion that In each instanoa nature hu overstepped bet accustomed limits, to other language they are freaks of. nature Their' mother was a comparatively ratal! woman. All the children are apparently u healthy a-t possible and display an tabiituRl amount of pertness. They walk and ran afoul wittt the utmost ease and evidently any suffering they may experience from their immenBc -weight is very insignificant indeed.** The Habmoky of Colours.— Mr. Cbareul, the veteran chemist of tko Academy of Sciences, which has just reached its hundredth rear, msAe the harmony of colon ore of his special studies, and applied his theories to women's wearing apparel. He saw a blaek Lonnet with white, pink, or red feather* or .lowers, hui's a lair cnmulex'on. A dead white hat is only suitable for florid cam plex-o'-«. whether blondes or* brunettep. Oauzed crape, or tulle bonnets rait all com plexions. A whiie bonnet for a blonde should have white or pink flowers; blue \a still bc.ici. liruiLtititw should avoid' blue and nthp.r r.houpe red. nink. or orancre. Urht blue b- nii-ti' aTe especially twitable for fair fxTSous, Tbey may be trimmed with white fl iwent, or even yelli»w or orange, but not jiit.k or violet. For dark perrons who ven ture to wear a blue bonnet veUow or orange is indirpeusidte. A green Unmet sets off a nam ?-?- »nghtly coloured complexion. It may bi trimmed witii white, red, or piik fk-w;rf» ,a pink bonnet should not be too nrar to the face, bir should he separated by the hair or by a white or preen inside trimming, the latter cn!«r especially. White nWera, with an abundance of leaves, produce a good eg-ct upon pink. A dark red b-mnet is onlv ea;t «i-le for persons with a -highly colored com i»l x!)n. Avoid yellow or nra»R-- bonnets Violet is not to b« recommended unless* *ep»ra»ed from the fac, not only by the hair, but by yellow aeciroories also. The game pit CHUiKui biionld bj taken for yellow bonnets, which can only be worn by brunettes, with blue or violet trimmings. A FRFJCCITMMf 8 OriNl-N OF RkOWH Ff.kv**t Gikl-.— Every Knglisti servant eirl like every tuber hiiglisbwoman of 20. who if) nut deformed, h«R her youne man. and her mistress Cuds it qait.- natural1 that. f-her should ?want to go out walking and swnetlieartfnp w-th him once or tw-»e p week, and permw ij.m to do so is in variably granted, unless ilu' HWeeUicait be h grenadier or any otht-r ledcont in Her M-*j-i8tvfs rvrrioc. fiiAt being itivariuMv l«.k«ri upon with the s-tme wpic ion by an English lady as the cousin or pay.-* (icll'iw townsman) of F encb servant* is bv Parisian Iwum wife. These six-f.iot military l^iiuT.s mt: quite irresistible w»*h their hair parted down the middle, their moustaches, their tight pants, and their fragrant penny iveedh ! Ttie f illowers of rerva t girls who live in the m-«t secure and Undisturbed en j lyment of their good fortunes, are the policemen. Tlieas peaeeabUi ftincionsrieR Are indeed in an admirable position to select flitir coi qurtPts. Tnld off to patrol with im axur- d h ep« one side of a street, they have *o'i» spotted the prettiest face on their beat; and the p«fe.«t means of protection against Im gl&rs; in London is to keep a good looking Kervam girl I'll warrant the bobtiy won't lose «gh- of hi-r if hrt c«n help it. — Max O'Keil— Let Fdet de John Bvil, A Novel Wkddjno — A marrisge that took place near feilvertou Col., is reporel by a Culnrado pap;r. HUs Nellie Couufrs, ol Lake City. Hud Mr. Oh) ir - Usen , of Aniinas For**, were married on the summit or the 3 im.ie, at an altitude of over thirteen thousand free, the party being on snow shoes, M--tt Connors agreed meet Mr. Olseu -.n i lie »uiiunit. huuging tier (rieuds wi h lier, and Mr, -Mt-en *t*k t« spp.oacq the j-u inmit- with his friends coining u ? on the oppose sid'- of the mountain, 'j'be bririe left L»ke City accompanied uv her two br there, and Olsen left Aiiiiuas Forks ar the name h«iU't ac-ompanied by the Kev Father Lay, of bi vor ou and * few friends. The o ly wav --t Kc«l-iig the snow covered moun tain was on snow bh^os, and the climbing was latigut ig. The gro»ra and the minister ... ^ iiiat b( tbe desijjtiaied meeting pninr, Vuf thev ud not hive Uwg to watt, fur the bi d- and her b' others were s xtn observed Hearing ihi spot, trudging al--iifr cheerily, Misri Co liuis beamed lesH latigued tbau any other me; nher «f the party. After a short rest Faii.tT Jjey performi-d iba w«-dding ci-.riMiionv with an modi impreKsiveuesM as it it hud t^ken place in a church. The minister, i lie bride, the groom, and the wi-ues-tfs of the marriage grouped themselves together us cl isely a» the (JttuadiaB snuw Htmakb FLAvatVFiz op Aviuals — The fiy-(viii --i death by inhalation oi chloroform i-r the -'xici«-s of nirogeu, br which a painless death is u.fl cted on stray dogs in some in KtimiioiiK, ia generally iifpraciieable as ap )4iied to animal* intended for coiiKuwptiin as lood. It is commonly known, in these days of gftiei&l; educaijon, that tbe brail., as the ceiitit1 of i be nvrvou-. system, is the seat of s.l teeiiufr or sennatinu. 'J b tse who hare been unfortunate enough to suffer from a -ieprr*t-inn of the bone* -»t the skull, Causing jiresMiiv on the brain, are aware that there ih v t.-tH uncnusciourtiiess and absence of feeling while such a state1 continues ; coiiKpquentlv any sudden lesion of the brain, such as i* produced by tiie operation of pileaxiug an aunual, instantly deprives the victim of every -o» i«e ..i leoJing, a)iJiiH|gb the ac-ion of the i- ym pathetic or ganglioitie «yitem of the neives— which control the eircnlation of the blomi, tbe respiration, &c.; — may bontiuue for hours, thus allowing ample time for painlessly 4'inpiving the blood vefcSH.bi. This is the iiHiial system of slaughtering amlt entile, ?which may he advania°oou«iy extended in principle toothers of our domestic animals. Miet-|i »tid Gnlveu may be almost instantly de prived ot feeling, insiead of, as is often the ch*b. beieg allowed lo continue to suffer BnliJ lhev hlctvl to death, hy the action of a dex -erouH batcher - r sian^hterman, in pithing the Kpinal marrow, at the junetion of the head with tliu nuck, at the same instant thnt the ihioat in cui. The ana oinicsl structure of t Iil-ku snimn e readily permits of this beiqg «lo-.e when the nose i« atraigfiteped in a line with the spine. t'tgs,undei tfac u^ual system «?« Kiau'jliitr, by coitiug Jheir throats, are Orten heaid ccreechinR or Fqnealtng in death Agoiiv f -r a C'liisiderable lime, dependant for ?luratiou upon the skill or ignorance of the .perator, but if poleaxed at fi at, diuth is both painless and noiseless, i ranwmber some yearn since having to superintend for the ocal bothoritv the fllanghter of fi ty pigs »ff.cted with ?? swine feret.' The system tif p -l axi ig was adop- ed.Ail the Animals being driven into one shed, and nobody outside of (he door would hav* boen aware that anything ??I the sort was going on inside. Ae pigs art) usually killed before they attain a great ae*-, tne buieaof the skoll are most easily petie iratexl, mid the dim' -.ulty of catching. tyiugt :'tid drapeiDg unwillingly to the spot chosen inr the operation in dispensed with. Fojltrv in these pal ts are usually killed by cutting the nalato or to f of the m--u b. I know of uo I 'eiter 6ys*em, provided that a stiff-backed knife is used, and tbe brain— the seat of the Jt-elinff— i» penetrated at the base, where the b me* are softest, from tbe roof of tha miuth *-t the eailiest tnomaot. In districts where the throat is cut, tbe spinal marrow Bhould he pithed or seveied instantly. At the Le:ghton County Court the other f\oy a case of tome interest was brought forward. A man named Christopher Daniels. » dealt r in second-hand furniture, living at Newport Ta^nell, bought by public auction an old chest, belonging to the late Sir Bihcaid Gilpin, who was for many years one ef tbe members of Parliament for Bedfordshire. The box wa» strongly bonod ia iron, and defied all the efforts of the auctioneer and bis ssMstanta to open it, Danieh asserts that the auctioneer in selling the trunk jocularly mentioned that there might be a fortune Juried in the ohest. When Daniel* *ot home beh«d tbe box forced open by a blackroith, ftnd it was then found to contain a number of Ancient deeds and a quantity of tilver and }na oa goooH. Daniels mads no secret ofhi-- find, and tbe representatives of the late fir Richard B-^on demanded its restitution to .themselves. Tbe qiestion of ownership was fought our in the Court in December, and decided against Daniels, though bis Honor Jwfc ,..„_„. ? \ recommended, that ha should be given a handsome present. Instead of reoetTing any solatium of this sort, Jfcniefav finds that he baa been taxed with ' the plaintiffs costs,' amounting to £19 iOs,bewd«s bis own Isgal expensei.1 Tneae.facta baring bean men* tioned in Court, bis Honor said ha bad not intended that defendant b» the action abonld be mulcted in any costs whatever, and if Jbe could have altered tbe record be would have done so, Skil& nr th» Womwhop.— To do good wjrk tbe mechanic must have good bealtli. it long hour* of confinement in eLoaeTsams have enfaebled his hand or dimmed his sight, let him at once, and before some organic trouble appears, take plenty of Dr. SonV* Hop Bitten. His system will be rejuvenated, his nerves strengthened,* his afght becomes ulear, and the whole constitution be huilt xn- to a higher working condition. Head. 