NO R~E W ARD. C?-APTER I. AN UNEXPECTED MEETING. " ONE of the prettiest places in Eng land!' Such. was the universal ver didt respecting the seat of the Hoys tons, one of the oldest and most res pected families in the shire. Thl?hall waa large and somewhat irregular, the prevailing architecture, however, being Elizabethan. It stood in the centre of large park like grounds, on the summit of a pretty wooded eminence. A magnificent avenue of stately elm trees formed a drive from the quaint looking lodge gates to the main en -trance, which was imposing in ap pearance, and approached by a short flight of beautifully- marbled steps, leading up to a wide terrace, from which a fine view of the adjacent coucitry couild be obtained.. iTho present oWnerhad sat for some few years in the House of Commons, and took an active part in all debates on agricultural and land ques. tiolls. He had been twice married. His first wife died in giving birth to his only son and heir, Percy, now a young man. For his second wife he espoused the widow of an old friend, she having one child, a daughter. * This union was not blessed with any offspring, and the family consisted only of the tquire, his wife, son, and step-daughter. There was another member of the household in the shape of the Squire's secretary, a distant relation of Mrs. Royston's, named Marmaduke Wen lock, who, from the nature of his posi tion and connection, was received on the most, familiar footing by one and all. It was a delightful morning in the spring. The air was clear and bracing; the sky was of bright blue, with light fleecy clouds slowly drifting with the gentle breeze blowing softly from the west. . The hall doors had been flung fully open, and just without the portal stood four persons. The most prominent figure was Squire Royston, a tall, stoutly-built, healthy- looking man of about forty five. His featuies were full but pleasing; his compleitio was clear and. florid, with sharp, shrewd eyes and grey hair. 'They are very, late,' he observed, looking at hisawatch.. ' The traih must be behind time, or they must have missed it."' "Perhaps, my love,' said his wife, a lady-like and stil good-looking woman of. potite figure .-' perhaps they have called at The Grange on their way home.. Mr. Danvers would scarcely like to hurry past the place that he has just become possessed of.' 'But Percy said in his telegram that notwithstanding that they were return. ing so suddenly in consequence of Lionel's accession to the estate, still, as "le was not yet 'in actual possession, they intended driving straight here was not that so Duke ?' turning to his secretary, whom, he always addressed familiarly by ,the. last syllable of his Christian name. 'Yes; bUt they may have stopped for a few uinutes to make a slight in spection.. 'It is only natural that a young man like Mr. Lionel Danvers should' be impatient to behold his mag nificeut property . 'You amuse me,. Duke,' observed Lillian. Maitland, the Squire's step daughter, '?by the manner in which you talk about young men ; one would think you were at least as old as Ilian was somewhat taller than her mother, her figure was .well de veliped, and perfect in outline. She was generally considered the belle of the country. ' Yes,' said the :Squire, "it is rather amusing to hoar Duke, who is not yet in his thircy-seconid year, talking of young men as he does. But you must rm'.mber, Lillian, that, like my self, he bins grave affairs of State to considoe and settle, for I reelly think I should be lost without him when there is a heavy debate on.' ' Youi flatter me, sir,' said Wenlock; 'I shuply do my duty, for which I am paid hau-dsomely. But it is not only affairs of State rthat' age me. I have yet to make a' name and position for myself. It was not my lot to be born to ifnhorit' a' great fortune like Mr. Lionel' Danvers,' hp said, bitterly. Just then the sound of wheels was heard approaching, and a small wag. gonette, drawn by a couple cf spanking bay cobs, entered the 1)dge gates, and advanced down the 'avenue at a hand. gallop 3 then, handled in a masterly stylh, made a half-circle, and drew smartly up a't: the foot of the marble stpps5...e Flinging the reins on the animals' heaving flanks,: a young man, who, cxqept. for the difserence in age, was the' Squiro himself over again, sprang lighi'dowii', aid was rapturously re oeived by all, " " Percy's companion, Lionel Danvers, was a dark, well-built, and, if not handsome, well-looking man, of about six-and-twenty years of age, of middle height, and with an unmistakably aristocratic air. A hearty greeting awaited him, and various were the congratulations which he received on his coming into the ownership of a ncighbouring estate, owing to the unexpected death of his unele, a childless widower. The two friends had been away for a short trip to Italy, when the news reached them at Rome, but not in time for the heir to be present at the funeral and hence it was arranged that hle should accompany Percy to the hall until certain legal formalities had been gone through. Lionel seized Lillian's hands with an unmistakable air of ownership, and theu, as if. unable to resiraiu himself, preused a kiss on her blushing cheeks. The secretary bit his lip and turned away. In addition to the Squire's groom, a gipsy-looking man, in crisp ringlets, jumped down from the waggonette and uttended to the luggage. Danvers casually alluded to him as his latest experiment in body-servants. The whole of the patty then entered the house, with the exception of Mrs. Royston, who, with her hand pressed to her side, and with agonized features, was staring wildly at Lionel Danvers' new valet. This individual, as he walked past her with his master's portmanteau, looked her full in the face, and in in-t distinct, tones-uttered too low, :how-: ever, for~anyone.else to hear--said, with a sneer,' So, my lady, we meet again at last !' CHAPTER II. A DISCOVERY. The weeks flew merrily by. The newowner of The Grange, now in pos session of his fine estate, organized picnics and entertainments of various sorts, in addition to giving a grand house-warming, at which all the leading families were present. Lionel Danvers speedily attained great popularity, and was considered the match of the year. Many were the anxious schemes and plots of designing matrons to obtain him for a son-in- law; but they were speedily nipped in the bud, for shortly after his return to England it was formally announced that he was en. gaged to the charming Lillian Mait land * Although there was some wealth on both sides, yet it was undoubtedly a love-match. The wedding was to take place early in winter. The Squire was in high spirits; he had purchased a commission for Percy in a crack regiment. The lovers were naturally in a con dition of bliss. But Mrs. Royston's health appeared daily to decline. Her nerves seemed thoroughly unstrung, and the least unusual sound caused her intense agitation and alarm. Doctors and physicians were called in, and prescribed and adlvised, and took their fee, and went their way; but the patent was none the better for their visits. ihange of air snd scene, though they imparted a slight tinge of colour to her hollow cheeks, effected no other improvement. '1his fact naturally had a depressing effect on her husband and the whole family, but the lady made so liglt of it, that they, were almost induced to believe that it was merely a temporary derangement. SOne shrewd observer, however, who was none other than the secretary, was of a totally different opimion, and kept a constant, vigilant, though, secret, watch, upon his relative. 'Yes,' he mused, as he sat in the library one evenieg, going through some accounts; ' Yes,' there is some connection between this extraordinary in'disposition and the arrival of that valet of Lionel Danvers-Matthew Fielding be calls himself. I do. not recollect the name in any way. but it may be a false one. I certainly don't like the look of the fellow; and though since his appointment as the Squire's steward he has always been civil and respectful enough to me, yet there seems a sort of lurking insolence beneath, which is almost indescribable, but makes itself apparent against his will. ' Ah I on reflection, it was at Mrs. Royston's own solicitation the vacant post was given to this Fielding. 'Yes; she wrote to Royston while we were in London, during last session, informing him of Lucas' death, and saying that Lionel's valet felt himself too old for that service, and being well acquainted with duties of steward ship, and having first-class testimonials, begged for the situation. ' Of course, that was sufficient, and the Squire gave him the appointment without further thought. 'So far, he's done his work well. But I should like to see those same testimonials.' He remained lost :in deep thought; for some time, and- was at length aroused by the entrance of Lillian, who looked more beautifult than ever, arrayed as she was in a splendid ball dress and appropriate ornaments. 'fHard at work!' she exclaimed. ' Why, I thought you intended having a little relaxation to.night, and going to the ball with us, Duke ?' 'Such was my intention, Lillian,' he replied, ' but I have a mass of work to get through by to-morrow, and, there fore cannot spare the time. Not that it matters much; my absence will neither be noticed nor deplored by any one. I :hope .you will enjoy your self.' 'Why, of course I shall. I always do enjoy. myself whereveri go.: But I'm sorry yoii are not going, for I like to see others enjoying themselves, too; and I had thought that you were anxious to make as many friends and acquaintances as possible. • I know that Lionel has sent out invitations to some first-class people.' SDoubtless,' eaid Wenlock; ' but a ball-room is scarcely the place, in my opinion, where I could gain friends such as would be valuable to me, and the reckless ?,aiety and heedless frivolity jars upon me.' 'I fear that you may be striving after too much.' 'Perhaps so. But there are some things, Lillian, which fate has decreed I shall never-no, never-attain, how ever hard I may strive.' And here the secretary fixed an ar dent look, containing such unmis takable admiration, upon his fair com panion, that, as the actual meaning of his words flashed across her mind, the blood mounted to her neck and face, dying them a deep rich crim son. At this critical moment the loud voice of the Squire resounded through the hall, urging Lillian to hasten. Marmaduke Wenlock instantly rose from his seat, and offering his arm to Lillian with courtly grace, conducted her in dead silence to his impatient patron. ' Hullo !' observed that individual; 'how is it that you are not ready, Duke ?' 'I don't intend accompanying you this evening, Squire,' was the quiet response. ' I am too busy.' '?Nonsense! let the work wait a bit. There's no great hurry for it.' ' I'd rather get on with it,' pursued Weulock. , 'Yery well, my boy, as you like; but recollect the old saying about all work and no play, and when you have had a spell at the work, take a little relaxation, and join Mrs. Royston in the drawing-room, for she also re mains at home. ' I wish,' continued the squire, with a heavy sigh, 'I could see her better. Her condition at times worries and alarms me.' 'Let us trust that time will effect a radical cure,' observed Wenlock softly. 'I hope so indeed, Duke.' Then turning to Lillian, her step-father ejaculated, ' Gracious heavens! what's the matter with you, Lillian ? You're as white as a ghost, while just this minute you had a colour like a rose!' 'It's nothing, papa dear-only a slight chill, I think,'-glancing at the open door, beyond which could be seen a handsome brougham and pair. ' I shall be all right in a minute ; and here comes Nina with my wraps,'-as a smart-looking girl tripped down the broad staircase with a fur-lined cloak and other articles, which, as soon as she had donned, Lillian continued, ' The brougham is waiting, papa. Had we not better start V' ' Yes, my love. Good-bye, Duke. Don't forget to give Mrs. Royston the pleasure of your company for an hour or two.' ' Certainly not. Your wish is my law.' After handing Lillian to the car riage without a word, the secretary ascended the steps and watched the vehicle disappear down the drive. Then, lighting a cigar, he promenaded the terrace which fronted the draw ing-room and library for some little time. He paused at the extreme end, where some fine specimens of laurels were planted, and just as he was about to ignite a fresh Havana, he observed the figure of a man approaching along the terrace add 'stop at the drawing room window, at which he tapped several times. At length the French casement was thrown open, a .woman's form was visible for a brief space, the man entered the room, the casement was closed, and the heavy curtains were immediately pulled across, excluding any possible chance of seeing what was taking place within the apart ment. Marmaduke Wenloek looked on in breathless silence, holding the cigar between his teeth, and the match in his hand as if paralyzed with astonish ment; then drawing a long, deep breath, he exclaimed,. 'I was right, then. Mathew Fielding has some understanding with my aunt; for that was undoubtedly he she has just admitted to the drawing-room What influecee can he have over her ? It must be great and powerful, and might be worth some trouble and risk to dis cover. What is the use of my being scrupulous ?--none whatever! If I can learn a secret, and make use of it to serve my own ends, why should I refrain from doing so on conscientious grounds? Buh! I talk like a child! All is fair in love and war, and if by any means-yes, by any means !-I could gain Lillian's hand and fortune, I should be a born idiot not to take advantage of them. Why should I hesitate? If I could peep into the inner life of some of the most popular and powerful men, doubtless I should find that they had gained and main tained their position by means and devices which would scarcely redound to their credit. Then why should I be more scrupulous ? No; henceforth I will live for myself alone-to gain Lillian if I can, by fair means or foul! Little does any person in this house think that within the apparently solid walls separating the library and draw ing-room there is a narrow apartment large enough to conceal two or three persons, which is entered by a secret door in the library, and where any conversation carried on in either room can be oveiheard. Ha! it has not been for nothing that I investigated what appeared to me-yes, to me only--such a glaring discrepancy in the positon of the two rooms. But now at once to take advantage of my knowledge.' He took two or three rapid strides towards the hall door, when his pro groess was arrested by seeing thofigure of a second person approaching the drawing-room window, but whn, instead of giving any signal of their arrival, took careful measures not to be over heard, and who apparently listened intently to the conversation that was taking place within the room. ' Its a woman !' muttered the aston ished secretary. ' Who can it be ? How am I to pass her? Confound it 1 I shall lose all chance of he-ring any thing! What shall I do'? Shall I seize her ? Yes, I will; it can do no harm, and may be of service.' So saying, he cautiously approached step by step the unconscious listener, who with her ear pressed close to the window, was so absorbed in listening, that she was quite unaware of his presence till with one hand he seized her in a powerful grip, and pressed the other firmly over her inouth! * With a smothered, started cry she looked up at him in deadly alarm, as le swung her quickly round ; then she made a frantic effort to free herself; but his grasp tightened en her shoulder like a vice, and the moon at that moment breaking through the cloud; shed a ray of brilliant light upon the comely, but scared and frightened, face of Nina Lacroix, Lillian Maitland's French lady's-maid ! CHAPTER III. IN THE SECRET OnA~MBER. ' Mon Dieu ! M'sieur le Secretaire I' Giving utterance to this brief ejacu lation, the Frenchwoman gazed at her captor with flashing eyes, in which terror and defiance wec strangely mingled with submission. ' Silence V hissed Wenlock, still retaining his hold, and leading her from the window. Silence, on your life !' Ah, m'sieur! forgive me; I meant no harm. I was only what you call curious,' murmured Nina, with bated breath, and speaking (now that she had somewhat recovered from her alarm with a perfect command' of the English language. 'Pray forgive-forgive mre, and do not tell the mistress ?. ' Your little indiscretion is safe with me, Nina, so long as you do my bid ding,' replied Wenlock. to whose quick mind the idea had immediately sug gested itself that in the lady a maid he would find a useful and not too parti cular assistant. ' Ah, merci dien, M'sieur !' cried Nina. 'Tell me how I can serve you ?' 'Remain here till I return, and watch when and how Matthew Field. ing, the steward, whom you just saw admitted into yonder room' (Nina nodded assentingly) 'leaves the mistress. Do you understand ?' 'Oh, oui; I understand perfectly. I will watch him like a cat does a mouse ! Yes,' pursued Nina, speaking with deep meaning in her tones, that was inexplicable to her listener,--.' yes, I will watch him, and will, when the time arrives, spring on him like a tiger on his prey !' She ground her teeth and shook her little fists in the direction of the draw ing-room. 'I see,' exclaimed Wenlock, who had watched her closely, 'you know this steward.' ' Ah, oui, but too well ! ' And seek to revenge some wrong he has done you?' 'YES, I will have revenge-grand revenge!' 'You shall!: Assist me in my designs, and I will aid you in obtaining the darkest and deadliest revenge you can desire.. Is it a bargain ?' ' Oui, m'sieur. Yes-a thousand times yes !' ' Very well, then; remain here till I rejoin you, and we will then mature our plans.' So saying, Marmaduke strode rapidly towards the hall door and disappeared. ' Ah, that's a terrible but magnifique man !' said Nina, as she secreted her self amongst some shrubs. ' Oui-yes, he is a fine handsome man! Ah, I could love him with all my heart and soul! Eh, I believe I do love him already! What can Lillian Maitland see in Mr. Lionel Danvers to Iprefer him to a man like this.? Pah! But then, ahl! yes-oui-he has the money -the gold!' Leaving her soliliquizing in this fashion, it is necessary to lollow the secretary into the library, where he at once betook himself with noiseless footsteps. Hastily opening an elegant cellarette, he took therefrom a decanter of brandy, and swallowed two glassfuls of the spirit, neat. Then approaching one of the book cases with which the walls wete lined, he removed several heavy volumes, in troduced his hand into the space, and with a sharp click-which caused him to start nervously-a portion of the ap parently solid wall moved outward on hinges, allowing ample space fr an in-. dividual to pass through into the. narrow apartment beyond, which, by the light of the library lamp, could be. seen to contain a small tab!e and. two. low stools. Wenlock paused for a moment or two, then looking the library door, he cautiously enterod the secret chaml.er, and pulling the door towards him to exclude the light, he seated himself on one of the stools, and applied. himself to listen to the conversation which'was taking place in the adjoining room between the mistress of the house and. Matthew fielding, the steward. 'But how I am to get it ?' said Mi's. Royston's voice, in tones of remon strance. ' That's your look- out,' was the reply, in the accents of Matthew Fielding, who, for a man, possessed a singularly and. pleasing voice-' that's your look out. That paper I must hav, and, what's more, have to-night. Have you no idea where it is ?' ' Yes,' replied Mrs. Royston, 'I do know where it is; but I dare not take it.' 'Dare not!' was the rejoinder dare not! "Well, I like that, cer tainly! Here's a woman living with one husband while her first one's alive living in a state of bigamy, and yet talks of not daring ! Well, upon my vord, it is really amusing!' ' Oh, Herbert!' pleaded Mrs. Roys. ton, 'in mercy's name do not talk to me like that ! Have some considera tion, some thought, some feeling, for my truly wretched condition !' A cruel lauga foliowed this appeal. * Your condition !' sneered Fielding, at length. 'Truly is a proud one; but what is mine, oeh?-what is mine? That of a servant, a menial, to your husband! By heavens, the thought is enough to madden me ! It is as much as I can do, when he gives me his orders in that self-satisfied, grand, pompous style, to keep my hands off him! Your condition! Bah! Think of mine!'. 'I do-I have! I am always thinking of you and the false life I am living; but how am I to blame-how was I to know that the doctors in the French lunatic asylum had made a certificate of death out in the wrong name ?-how could I know ?' ' He who excuses himself accuses himself, as they say in that same France ! cried the steward. ' Had you but done your bare duty, and paid the last rites.to your husband's corpse, the mistaken identity would soon have been discovered. But no; you left him in a madhouse, unthought of, un cared for, to suffer untold misery and agony, to die and be buried like a dog! You could dare to do that, and within one short year to marry again ! You could dare to do that ; but when it comes to obtaining possession of a small strip of paper, then, forsooth, you dare not do it! Dare rot! But I say you must !' '.Do not be so hard on me!' pleaded the Squire's wife. ' Have I not sup plied you with all the money you have demanded, and left myself penniless, and have written only this morning to my solicitor to sell out stock in order that I may give you the sum you say you still require ? Am I not suffer ing from such agony of mind that my life is one of wretchedness and con tinual torment and self-reproach ? Have I not done all I can ? Oh, if you have no regard for my anguish of body and mind, have some little con sideration for my child.' An agonized fit of weeping then struck upon the ear of the astounded 'Wenlock, down whose face the perspir ation was streaming like rain from the agitation of his mind and his con strained position. ' You are like the rest of your sex,' said Fielding, at length, when the sobs had somewhat subsided;: ' when you find every other plan fails, you take refuge in tears. But you may save them for some future occasion when, perhaps, you will want them more. They will have no influence on me. As for your child, she must take the consequences of hermother's folly and crime. Once more, where is the certificate of death of your first hus band, Mrs. Royston ? Answer quickly, for time is getting on, and I must not be seen leaving the house late at night; it will not suit my purpose to create any suspicion at present. Where is that paper?' 'In-in-my-my-in the Squire's desk-in-in the library.' ' Go and fetch it, then,' was the a-. perative order. 'I cannot-it' would seem like steal ing I' ' No matter what it seems like; fetch it, and at once .t Marmaduke Wenlock quietly re entered the library, again assisted himself to some brandy, wiped the moisture from his face, and crossing to a handsome oak writing-table, on which was a large old-fashioned desk, drew a small key from an inner pocket, and proceeded to open it. With trembling fingers he eegerly searched' among the papers which were metho dically arranged in bundles and en dorsed as to thei, eon*,nts. His search, was not, however, successful. He then pulled open several small drawers, with no.better result ' It must be in the secret comparb ment,' he muttered, ' which Ihave not yet had time to look over; but first let me be sure that I am safe.' He hurriedly re-entered the small chambar. Mrs. Royston was again speaking. 'Heaven help me! I must not do it!' ' I will come with you,' said Field ing, 'or you may forget your way back.' 'But suppose, as is possible, that Mr. Wenlock is there, writing ?' 'What matter?' You can easily say you wish to give me some directions respecting some business; then, of course, if he's a gentleman, he will naturally leave the room, and you will thus get the opportunity you want in an ordinary manner.' Not waiting to hear more the scere. tary again went to and opened the desk, and toiching a smallb rass head, drew out a false bottom, in which were several papers, smoothily folded. Glancing quickly over them he selected one with a cry of triumph, and secreted it in his pocket. He then replaced the others, closed and re-locked the des, secured the false library wall, and replaced the books with the quickness of thought, gently opened the library door, and flung himself into his ehair apparently engrossed in his work, when, a few moments after, Mrs. Royston, much agitated, entered the room, followed at a respectful distance by Matthew Field ing. Quickly placing a chair, Marma. duke said, ' Good evening, aunt; I was about to join you in the drawing. room for an hour or two, thinking you might be lonely.' ' Thank you, Duke,' said the lady, sinking wearily into the proffered seat; 'you are very kind and thoughful as usual; but I-I. have a little business to transact with Fielding, here-come in, Mr. Fielding,' addressing the steward, who had paused at the door, but who now entered, and bowing to Wenlock, placed himself behind his mistress's chair-' and after that is concluded I shall retire for the night.' 'Do you feel worse than usual this evening?' inquired the secretary, soli citiously. ' Not particularly worse than usual, Duke, thank you; a little more ner vous, perhaps, that's all.' ' Is there anything I can assist you in ?' Oh, no, no, thank yon!' was the hasty response. ' Then I will leave you, and wish you good night, for I, too, feel tired, and intend to seek my bed.' ' Good night, then, Duke, Iwish you sound repose.' ' Thanks! Good night, Fielding.' ' Good night, sir.' Closing the door carefully behind him, Wenlock speedily rejoined Nina Lacroix, who welcomed him gleefully, for she was beginning to tire of her solitary watch. 'Never mind, Nina,' said her com panion,: consolingly,' never mind; you will bo rewarded for your patient waiting by-and-by. And now tell me what you know of Matthew Field ing.' ' I know he is a villain !' was the bitter response. Marmaduke nodded his head in confirmation. ' Ah!' pursued Nina, quickly noticing the gesture-'Ah ! you, too, know something of him, then. I will tell you all. Matthew Fielding is Madame Royston's foster-brother, and his right name is Herbert Renfrew. I met him in Paris. He wooed and won me, to cast me aside as a child does a toy; but, pardieu, he shall suffer for it yet. He forgets me, and well he may, for at that time my hair was of a light golden, and my com plexion fair-oui, as fais as Ma'm'selle Lillian's; but I have not been an actress at a minor theatre for nothing, and my "make up "is complete. Ah, M'sieur Wenlock, you may stare, but I am telling the truth.' But what are you doing here ?' ' Pal ! I knew when he escaped (as I was certain he woulfi, forhe is a clever manf-ah, ouj, a very clever man. I knew when he escaped from the Tra vaux Fi'ees).-that he would make for here .to extort money from his sister. Yes, and I fbrtunutely succeeded in ob taining a situation as maid to Ma'm' selle Lillian, and have waited for his arrival; and now he has come.' 'What more do you know of him I' eagerly inquired Wenloek 'Much. But hush!-the window opens.' As she spoke, .the casement already mentioned was again opened, and the figure of the steward emerged on to the terrace. He stood for a moment, and then, raising his hand in the air warningly, said, "Beware, Helen, how you play me false! Mind, you must find out from Royston where tbat paper is, and as quickly as possible;: I must have it, do you hear ?-I must have it. Do not lose a day or an hour, and as soon as you have the information, let me have news in the same way. as you did be fore. And again I say, beware how you play me false !' Convulsively clutching Wenlock's arm, Nina Lacroix eteod rooted to the 'spotas Fielding rapidly moved away, and theh whispered, "What did I tell you ?-is he not a a v4lliin ?' The secretary nodded, and pointed to the drawing-room, where could be faintly seen the form, ef Mrs. Royston, ivho had fallen to the floor in an attis tude of utter wretohedness and des- pair. (To be conitiued.) 