The approximate }Tield of the last South Australian wheat harvest, as furnished by the Register, is discou raging:, although it is not. low«r than was anticipated by many persons. The information given will prove of con siderable service, fur the simple reason that no agricultural returns have been or will be prepared by the Government this year. The area reaped for wheat is given at 1,630,000, the average being 3 bush. 10 ibs., or a total of 5,161, GG6 bushels. The acreage sown was, however, 1,950,000 acres, which reduces the average to less than 3 bushels ; but some of this area was mown for hay. Deducting the quantity required for seed and food leaves 1,361,666 bushels for export, or 36,500 tons— being 283,000 tons less than was shipped last year. The harvest has been an exceptional one as regards yield, but when the low price that was obtained for the previous year's crop is taken into consideration the distressed con dition of a large number of farmers is easily accounted for. Considering the difficulties they have had to contend with it is surprising how many of them have been able to struggle along. Unless a change for the better comes soon, the agricultural interest in many hundreds will have to be abandoned. The great drawback to agriculture in the outlying districts is the want of moisture. Wheat crops can be ma tured with a comparatively small amount of rain provided it falls at the right time, but this is not the case in the country referred to. Fn places where there is sufficient moisture to cause the seed to germinate and to pro mote continuous growth the returns, although not so high as in former years when the ground waB in good heart, are generally more or less satis factory, provided red rust keeps away. It has been proved that the finer the seed-bed and the deeper the subsoil is loosened the better the prospect of success. But, of course, the laws of nature must not be disregarded, and it is obviously impossible for land to con tinually yield good crops without hav ing returned to the soil a full quota of the constituents that each crop robs it of. When left to herself Nature pro duces heavy crops of grass, and the great bulk of this decays annually on the 6pot where it grows, and thus year by year the ground is enriched, and mould accumulates. If wheat is to continue to be a staple product of the colony more attention must be paid to its cultivation than most farmers eeem to think it demands. They do fallow their land to a certain extent, but not sufficiently. Stubble land that: has been ploughed up roughly and the seed scattered on the uneven surface seldom gives a good return. Some of the most successful farmers in the North have assured us that they attri bute their prosperity to their system of fallowing1 and breaking uj- the land fine. Any practical person must see that continued cropping without a proper system of fallowing or manuring must prove ruinous to the cultivator, even ehould the seasons be favorable. If a horse is starved it will not work ; if the soil is starved it, cannot produce crops. There has, necessarily, been a very large decrease in the railway receipts, the official record of the railway traffic for January showing that only £47,899 was receivffl Mjiainst £61,852 in ihe corresponding period of last year. The Register computes the money loss to the colony of the diminished quantitjr available for export at a million and a half sterling — which means very hard times for all classes in the country, where most of the money would have been circulated. It is well known that farmers have been largety accommo dated by storekeepers and machinists, and that many of these again have had assistance from the wholesale houses, banks, and capitalists. If the coming season turned out a prosperous one these somewhat strained financial relations could be to some extent ad justed. On the other hand another adverse season would prove the ruin of many. We are, however, disposed to look at the bright side, and thus hope for a return of better times. The farmers are beginning to look more cheerful. They anticipate a wet winter, and taost of them are making prepara tions as well as circumstances will permit to get as large an area as pos sible under crdp in good time. This is all they can do in the absence of more deliberate and systematic preparations, but if a good crop is the result it will be more by good luck than good management. With wet seasons and skilful farming this colony would soon rise out of its depressed condition, but although we cannot command wet seasons we can with proper care keep our land in good heart and thus make sure of fair crops at all times, pro vided that arch-enemy red rust does not show itself too prominently. We cannot expect any hardening of the copper market for some time to come, but a rise in the price of wool would be beneficial to both farmers and squatters, for a great many of the former now keep sheep on their hold ings. If the farmers can tide over the present depression we believe they will yet make headway, as the lesson it teaches them is not likely to be lost eight of. The growing interest that is being mani fested in Irish affairs by, and the present attitude of, the Imperial Government indi cate that an earnest effort will be made to bring about some kind of reform in Ireland. Many people doubt whether Mr. Gladstone has any intention of giving practical shape to his election utterances, but although with regard to foreign affairs he is and always fans been an utter failure — his vacil lation and indecision bringing England into contempt with Continental Powers, and even with the Boers — there can be no doubt that he shines in the dry but important details of home legislation, and of his in tegrity there can be no question. The fact that Mr. Gladstone has asked for sugges tions from Irishmen as to the best method of dealing with the question of Irish govern ment has given rise to adverse comment. It has been alleged that the course the Premier has thought fit to adopt is tanta mount to postponing the consideration of the question. For our own part we think the plan an eminently sensible one, and nothing that the Premier haB yet done war rauts the idea that he is insincere in bis attitude towards Ireland. Mr. Gladstone's Irish policy is comprehensive and cannot therefore be hurriedly shaped, but will have to be built up with caution aud intelligence. When the scheme is matured sud put into practical shape it will be subjected to severe criticism. But apart from that it is essen tial that the Imperial Government should be in possession of the opinions of persons whose ideas are diverse on the question of home rule. On the reassembling of Par liament last week Mr. Gladstone intimated that the budget statement would be made in about a month from the present time, after which he would bring forward certain proposals regarding Ireland. This does not look as if the question is to be shirked. We learn that the measures to be intro duced will deal with the social order of the country, the land question, and the future method of the government of Ireland. To what extent the Government will go in the direction of reform can only as yet be sur mised. The telegrams state that in the House of Commons the address in reply to the Queen '8 speech, including Mr. Jesse Ceilings' amendment iu favor of granting allotments to agricultural laborers, was voted without debate. But it is doubtful whether that may be taken as indicative of the strength of the Government and the weakness of theCouservative party. However, further speculation on this subject is useless until the Ministry has deGlara i its policy. Resignation. — The resignation of Mr. J.J. Duncan as a captain of the Rifle Voluu teeir Force has been accepted. Dog Discs. — We notice that the Go vernment is again calling for tenders for supplying dog discs, which are to be made of the same undurable ir.aterial as those of last year. Seeing the universal complaint made against them owing to ilieir flimsy character, we thought tho authorities would have supplied dog-owners with a more sub stantial article. Tho heavy tax received jtistiile-f a Lettar disc being used, for if n dog lores its bit of nietcl t';o owner is liable to get into trouble. Another Find of SiLVisn. — Some more rich silver ore has been discovered near Petersburg. A sample stone taken from a depth of five feet upon ns9ay showed an average of over 130 ozs. to the ton. The loue is traceable for two or three miles, and several claims have beeu taken up. Inquest. — On Thursday lest an inquest was held at Riverton before Mr. C. Kiniber, jun., J.P., on the body of a child who died whilst being conveyed from Alma to River ton for medical attendance. From the evidence adduced it appeared that the cauBe of death was an abscess in the leg, caused by blood- poisoning, and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. House-Breaking. — John Tymer broke into Mr. Baker's house at Georgetown last Thursday, and abstracted a bottle of brandy. He managed to get to Clover Hill, about four miles away, with his plunder, when he was caught by the police, taken back, tried, and sent to gaol for a month. Live Stock Returns. — The following is a return of the number of live stock im ported into and exported from South Aus tralia (overland) during the year ended December 31, 1885 : — The imports from New South Wales were 192,472 sheep and 464 cattle ; from Queensland, 30,365 sheep, 30,147 cattle, and G horses; from Victoria, 77,217 sheep, 868 cattle, and 32 horses. The exports to ATew South Wales were — 49,162 sheep, 379 cattle, and 73 horses ; to Queensland, 2,037 sheep and 169 cattle ; to Victoria, 32,444 sheep, 2,133 cattle, and 1,009 horsea. Land Returns. — The following is a return of land sold and cash received for the month of January : — Cash sales — Area, 1,035 acres ; amount bid, £1,274 17s lid. Credit sales — Area, 11,456 acres; amount, £11,707 Os 7d. Total cash and credit sales, 12,491 acres; amount, £ 12,782 Is Gd. Amount received for improvements, £199 11s. In addition to the above the subjoined amounts have been received : — Completion of purchase of 2,814 acres, £3,053 10s; payment of portion of purchase-money, £346 19s 4d ; payment of deposit (10 per cent.) on account of purchase-money, £1,286 12s Id ; extension of credit for purcbase-money, £421 £a lOd ; extension of credit for three-fourths of purchase-money, £1 17s 9d ; extension of credit for half purchase-money, 6s ; interest on overdue amounts, £27 16s Id. Total paymenta, £6,350 3s 6d. Insolvencies. — Samuel Tunkin, farmer, Mintaro; Thos. Cullinan, farmer, Spring Gully ; Christian Hamdorf, farmer, Hun dred of Mookra; Andrew Mitchell, mer chant, Gawler. Entertainment.— On Tuesday evening last a concert was given at Farrell'e Flat, and was a great success. Mr. P. Do«d, J.P., occupied the chair. The programme, consisting of vocal and instrumental music and tableaux, was a most enjoyable one, and the efforts of the performers were re ceived with marks of approval and ap preciation. Misses Carrigg, Cope, Lyncb, nnd Thomas, and Messrs. McKinnon, Barrett, and Lynch are worthy of special mention, as their respective parts were carried out exceedingly well. During an interval the ladies busied themselves by selling refreshments, and the result was encouraging. The proceeds were in aid of the O.tbolic Church organ fund. Probates and Letters of Adminis tration, — The following probates and letters of administration have been granted : —Probates— M. O'Brien, of Gawler, £150 ; J. J. Tippett, of Leigh Creek, £300; E. Smith, of Fulham, £4,300 ; Hugh Main, of Saltcoast, Ayrshire, £10,800. Letters of administration — Eliza Jones, of Kooringa, £460 ; Eliza Jones, of Redruth, £700 ; A. Green, of Orroroo, £3,300 ; Marj Ann May, of Wallaroo, £300. Mannahill Gold-field. — As gold mining is now occupying much of the attention of the public, we insert the following statement given by a person wbo has made himself familiar with the Echunga, Jupiter Creek, and other auriferous localities : — ' On coaching from Terowie to Silverton I was surprised to see extensive well-defined reefs of quartz crop ping up. These reefs number scores, and are first seen 30 miles beyond Terowie. They are not met with again for miles ; then others are seen, all running from east to west, and may be traced as far as the naked eye can see. Judging by what I saw, the gold-bearing reefs are not confined to the Manuahill neighborhood, but things, to a casual observer, look just as promising 20 or 30 miles nearer to us as they do at the place where the gold is now being found. On my return from the silver-fields this part of the journey was accomplished in the dark, yet the reefs could easily tie traced. The distance of Mannahill from Terowie is about 45 milee.' — Free Press. Death of a Horse. — Mr. W, Robins, butcher, Clare, on Monday last was applying a lotion to an effected eye of one of his horses, when the animal reared, fell back wards, and broke its neck. Memorial. — On Friday last the Hon. J. Howe received a memorial from 18 residents of Snowtown, asking that 20-acre blocks might be surveyed in the vicinity of that town. Cablb Nbws. — Th« following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — The Socialists, Hyndman, Burns, Champion, and Williams, were brought up nt the Bow Btreet Police Court, and charged with de livering seditious speeches at a nines meeting iu Trafalgar Square. The preliminary* evidence was taken, and the accused were remanded for a week, bail being allowed. — The disastrous termination of the war with Bulgaria has cnused great dissatisfnetion nnd bad feeling in Servia. Karngeorgeovitch, the leader of the Opposition in the Skupt cliinn, or National Assembly, has proclaimed the expulsion of King Milan from the throne. — In consequence of the refusal of Greece to disarm it is intended by the Powers to at once blockade the Greek fleet. — In the House of Commons Mr. Gladstone made a lengthy statement of the policy of the Government and course of business. He stated that tbe Government accepted the address in reply to tho Queen's speech as passed by the House, witli the amendment proposed by Mr. Jesse Collin/js in favor of granting allotments of land to agricultural laborers, but it refused the other nmend ments proposed during tbe course of debate. He nnnounced that the Chancellor of the Exchequer will mnlce his Budget statement on March t-2. Af^r tunt the Government will bring forward certain proposals regard ing Irelnnd, and the measures to bo intro duced will deal with the social order of the country, the laud question, and tbe future method of the government of Ireland. No repressive measure with regard to that country will be proposed. The Premier concluded his speech by announcing that the question of procedure iu Parliament will be referred to a Select Committee, and that the Government will adhere to Lord Salisbury's policy regarding its attitude towards Greece. —The fund which is being raised for the benefit of the unemployed in the United Kingdom 1ms now reached the sum of £47,000. Tbe Prince of Wales has con tributed £,'250 to the fund. — Baron von Moltke is seriously indisposed. — Wheat for February-March delivery 13 quoted at 35s. Concert at Auburn. — A concert in aid of the Sisters of St. Joseph's Convent school was given in the Town Hall, Auburn, on Thursday evening, to an audience of about 300 persons. Mr. J. E. Bleechmore, J.P., presided, and after an overture, well given by the Misses Limbert, the Chairman gave an interesting address relative to the object of the enter'ainment and the good work accomplished by the Sisters. Miss E. Long led off in the singing programme by rendering ' London' very nicely. Miss Laura Carrigg's ' Little Coquette' was given in that young lady's best style, and received the applause it merited. Mr. Greenwood gave ' Killarney' in grand voice, and was recalled by the enthusiastic crowd in the back seats. The duet ' Albion's Boast,' by Messrs. York and Beer, was really well sung, but the audience did not appear to appreciate it as it should have been. Miss Florrie Claridge was encored in the solo ' Golden Love,' grandly given. Miss Mayr followed with another sentimental piece, ' Remember Me no More.' Mr. Usher's ' Steering Home' was encored, as was the solo ' Dear Little Shamrock,' exquisitively rendered by Miss Thomas. 'No Matter,' by Mr. Spooner, was vociferously encored, appealing forcibly to the comic feelings of a South Australian audience. Master O'Neil was also recalled in the song, 'Tim Flaherty,' the house having sow got its hand into the encoring business. Mies Thomas gave very sweetly Milly's Faith,' and this number brought the first part of the programme to a close. After tbe usual interval for refreshments the Misses Carrigge again started the ball by a well-played overture. Mr. York followed with ' Eileen Alannah,' fairly rendered. Miss L. Carrigg then gave ' Dublin Bay,' and was deservedly encored. In response she sang 'The Female Auc tioneer' in excellent style. Mrs. Ward's song, 'The Wood Nymph's Call,' was rewarded with loud and continued ap plause, and the lady was obliged to reap pear, Mr. Morgan followed this by giving ' To See if I liked Butter,' which was greeted by the inevitable' encore. We have a lot to thank our French friends for for hel. ing us with this word. Miss Mayr was rewarded in the same manner for the song 'The Blind Girl to her Harp.' 'List to the Convent] Bells' was sweetly given by Mesdames Usher and Ward. Mr. Green wood brought down the house with a comic song, and Miss E. Long again appeared and gave ' Come back to Erin.' To save repe tition it may here be mentioned that from this song to the finish every number was encored. Mrs. Usher having eung ' To the Woods,' Miss L. Carrigg and Master O'Neil pleased the audience in tbe duet ' Hunting Tower.' 'The Ghost of Ben jamin Binns' was a really artistic produc tion of Mr. Spooner, and he had tbe satis faction of receiving the greatest applause of the evening, notwithstanding tbe tired lungs of the hearers. Mr. Usber gave ' Our Captain' very weli, as did Mr. Greenwood 'The Good-bje at the Door.' The finale, a trio, ' The Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle,' was given by Miss Dudley and the Misses L. and A. Carrigg, and the National An them closed an excellent concert. The usual votes of thanks were accorded to tbe persons interested in helping in various ways the success of the performance. The pro ceeds amounted to a little over £'16. A Good Prospect. — We have been shown by Mr. P. McNamara, J.P., several specimens of silver ore found on bis Eurelia estate. A surface stone was sent to Ade laide for assay, and it yielded an average of 42 ozs. of silver to the ton. An experienced miner has viewed the locality, and he is favorably impressed with present indica tions. The place is only five miles from the railway station, and should tbe find turn out according to expectations the cost of sending tbe ore to market will not be a large item in the expenditure. About the only thing just now to drive the ' wave of depression' away from the colony is a sys tematic search for minerals, and if the Government were to spend a thousand or two iu the work the money would not be squandered. Insoltency Court. — At the Gladstone Insolvency Court on Wednesday Isst, in the case of P. J- Jflckson, of Clare, the ac countant reported that the insolvent died before the first hearing, aud as there was no estate the case collapsed. Accident.— A eon of Mr. A. Symonds, farmer, near Georgetown, met with an acci dent on Thursday last. He was drawing water from a well, when his baud slipped from the windlass, which as it revolved struck him with considerable force, inflict ing a severe wound. Oddfellows' and Foresters' Fetk. — ?V. Committee meeting of the Clare Odd fellows and Foresters will be held to-morrow evening at the Slauley Hotel for the purpose of arranging for the annual Easter carnival. A full Committee is requested. Railway Traffic Rkturns.— Tbe fol lowing shows the receipts ou tbe South Australian railways for the month of January, 1686, and the corresponding month of 1885:— Port and North, £25,241 and £32,634: Hamley, Wakefield, Wallaroo, and Snowtown, £4,507 and £6,201 ; Port Pirie, Terowie, and Quorn, £5,498 and £9,182: Great Northern, £5,171 and £7,371 j Southern, £4,491 and £3,399; Kingstown and Bordertowu, £2,095 and £1,913; Rivoli Bay and Mount Gambier, £787 aud £957; Port Iiroughton and Ba ru»ga Range, £100 4s od and £192 10s 5d. Totals, £47,899 and £61,852. Alcoholic FATPiTr.— The chronic de bauchee feels that be positively cannot exist without his alcoholic stimulation. To quit drinking or to continue the habit brings death all the same. Such a mau can find in Ameri can Co.'s Hop Bittere, properly used, a per fect panacea for the drunkard's cure.Kcad. In Japan there is a well-educated dwarf who is 3/» yean old, and stands only 17 inches in height. The Sydney 'Mail snya Jnrvis is one of 1 the best bntsinnn in Au6lrn.Ua, and is j superior to Blackhani as a wicket-keeper. ] 