OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Wednesday. \- The Government have entered upon a new trading developmet ; the Postal Department having intimated its intention of going into the news agency business on terms lower than any other house in the trade, and pnrposoly designed to undercut bouh the Press agencies and he country newspaper Press. The pro posal is: so remarkable that it can only be supposed that its astounding im propriety has never been preceived by the Postmaster- General or the heads of the department. At the present time if any" member of the public desire informa tion with respect to the results of a particular race, he must obtain it either from the "slips" or extraordinaries issued by the !local newspapers, from the tele grams posted in a public-house bar, or from an agent in the city, for all of which sources of information he has to pay. Indeed, at race times some score of people connected with sporting make a special business of telegraphing:. this class of information to different sub scribers in the country districts, and from theso separate telegrams the Telegraph Department derives no inconsiderable revenue, as of course, in their own interest, the agents leave mot a stone unturned to secure subscribers, by can vassing every club and person of known sporting proclivities thoroughout . the colony. The department reaps on each message its fe9 of sixpence, the charge for disseminating the information being of conrsa paid by the subscriber. This year, however, the department proposes to get into this business, aud undercat all competitors for it by giving the in formation for sixpence each message, and tho result will be that, besides unfairly competing with private business which it is not the function of the State to do, it will make a very tidy little loss owing to the necessary reduction in the number of race-telegrams transmitted. It may be taken for granted, that although the department has already advertised itself as the cheapest news agency in Victoria, it does not intend to canvass from house to house for sixpenny subscribers, aud therefore the net result of its operations will be that while it will prevent the ordinary news agencies irom entering into the business this year, and so diminish the number of telegrams des patched, ifc will not sell many extra sixpenny worths on its own account. But there is another aspect of this matter which affects the country Press, especially these which issue extra- ordinaries or evening editions containing the results. Does the Postal or E.T.O. Department propose to nse its power to delay Press and public messages until its owa have been 6eot, or will the local country office be instructed to crib tho intelligence from the first message reaching it ? This may seem to those unacquainted with the business a small matter, but in it lies the essence of the whole question. The commercial value of a racing result telegram lies solely in the celerity with which it is despatched. For example, for the despatch of the re sult of the Melbourne Gup three men have to be employed by each Press or news agency. One, who mast be a man of some knowledge of sport, who is well acquainted with the horses, the styles of riding of the jockeys, and their colors, takes his .popition on the roof of the pross:stand. Half- way down the stair case, within earshot, is placed another, whose business is to catch the winner's name, arid repeat it to his confrere below who, standing right at the . pigeon-hole of the telegraphist, has merely to insert it in the telegram ha has previously written out. If the finish leaves no doubt, as for instance in a case where four lengths from the winning post one horse has a lead of from half to three quarters of a length, which cannot hs overtaken in the remaining strides, the naixie is called then,' and the result is that it is rare indeed that the name of the winner of a Melbourne Cup is not travelling on the wires before the horse is past the post,; though this cannot of course ha done at Caulfield. How then ' does the department propose to work its 1 little' game? Will it have its special corps of agents to attempt to obtain the result with equal celerity ? Will it crib from the'first message sent in, Or will it accept the alternative and send its mess age later ? . Id any case the attempt to corapHs" wifehUhe country Press, which has to pay specially to secure swiftness of despatch, or even to deprive individuals in the country districts from obtaining an ad- vantage by securing the services of the smartest agents in the metropolis is alike an illegitimate -competition withprivate business, and country newspapers cer tainly have a right to demand to know to what extent they are to be prejudiced by the competition of their departmental rival. In Parliament we have turned the sessioo; the half- way house has been left behind, ana the descending road spreads oat fair and clear before us. Another six weeks will bo dawdled away, by which time the Irrigation Bill will have been pushed forward to the door of the Council Chamber; and then will arise the wail of1 interests promiscuously slaughtered, with the Innocents. It is said the Goverment hope to get through the Amending Local Government Bill and the amendment of the Licensing Act this session ; bat though the latter may be forced, despite the temperance party, who are girding up their loins and crying No surrender, there is scarcely hope for the former. The: Tolls question, which comes np annually like a hideous hand outstretched from a cemetery, appears to have sub sided into its grave again ; bat the Estimates this year are choke fall of burning questions, which are not likely to be rendered less troublesome by the development of Mr Gillies's financing policy, which appears to bp - of the robbing Peter to pay Paul, and borrowing of Solomons to reimburse Both, order., a', j Tb9 events of the session only confirm what I indicated at its commencement, that beyond the Irrigation Bill,:-the Estimates, the Bill dealing with the Prospecting Yote and its method of dis position, and a few minor measures, which are not of a very debateable character, we shall not have nnything to record for the session's work. The Go vernment are evidently afraid to touch the tariff question for the sake of re lieving the sawmillers, the timber trade, and the sugar refiners : though here let me whisper — some members of the presen! Cabinet are so " deep in sugnr" that :t is possible that even at the last moment tbeir sympathies might be awakened'to prevent the ruin of the -planters;- and the consequent hurt to their own pockets, though of course I don't mean; to in- sinnate that this'- would be done in nny illegitimate way. The outlook, 'ho jyeVer, 13 that with the passage of the Irrigation Bill, and there is no doubt there will be some warm work over ib in . the. Upper Chamber, the practical work : of- the session will come to a close . without amendment of the many illogical mistakes inflicted on our Statute-book. during the previous two years. Sir Patrick Jennings's Victorian ex periences seem to have made him an enthusiastic applicant of the iron hand, and no one would be surprised now if ho were to announce the 'intention of the. Government to Eit continuously until Christmas Day, adjourning .oniy : at intervals to attend the funerals of members of the Opposition. Sir Patrick is evidently a master of the art of tiring out the enemy by forcing him to deliver blows at long range until exhausted; but the manner in which he -has forced through his railway lines; by sitiing from Thursday afternoon until Friday night for the purpose, brings to me the con sideration that a deputation waited on Mr Gillies a few days ago, the main object of which was to propose the construction of a trunk line to New South Wales, to supersede the existing one via Albury. The line sug gested was the continuation of the Lily- dale one via Warbnrton, and thence through the mountainous country form ing the main divide to the borders of New South Wales. It was contended thit as the New South Wales border is nearer to Melbourne if this ronte is taken than it is at the Murray, Sydney would naturally push her lines forward to meeo ns in this direction, and that as mails and passengers always take the shortest and most expeditious route; the ultimata result would.be that we should travel to Sydney via Mount Baw Baw instead of through the level country. Anyone who knows the country round Warbnrton and the giant3 of our Alpine territory, can realise the hopelessness of the wish of the sturdy mountaineers, for railways in that region cost thousands per mil9 too much. : ' ; You may have observed this week that consequent upon- the interruption of the other cable lines, the European telegrams have been coming to us significantly marked via Siberin. I wonder how many telegrams we should .receive via Siberia if the Empire was engaged in a war with Russia, and .what.: would be the average of truths in them. ; ; v . About a fortnight , ago I suggested a series of literary - questions for the amusement of your - readers. - Subjoined are a few more, upon which I hope your readers will exercise their wits : No. 1.— What is the origin of " Good wine needs no bush ?" No; 2.-; — What was Gammer Gorton's needle, and the meaning of the first word? No. 3. — What- was the Scavenger's Daughter, and how was the phrase derived ? No. 4.— Who is the author of the following/admittedly the best exposition of the intersoxnality and incorporeality of the denizens of the spiritual world on record : For spirits when they please Can either eex assume, or both so soft And uncompounded is their escenoe pure, Not tied or manacled with joint and flesh, Nor founded on the brittle strength of bones Like onmbrous flesh. No. 5. — Who was the author of the incorrect and untruthful poetic fancy that . The sunflower turns on her God when she \- sets - ; The same look which she turned when she : rose. That the best laid schemes of mice and men. " gang oft agley" we are told on very good authority, and our own personal observation affords from day to day the abundant corroboration of that aphorism of the fact. But in no direc tion is this more apparant than in the histories of some of our most noted crim inals. Here is the latest instance. About the beginning of the year, an ex tensive burglary from a well- kaown jeweller's was effected. The operation «as most skilfully performed, and the thieves got away with nearly a thousand pounds worth of booty. Months went by, and the detectives could obtain no clue. One day, however, they were strolling through the Eastern Maiket, when they came face no face with a man who had been convicted many a time and oft, aud always by the same means — namely, he had an unconquerable habit of keeping Borne little memento of each burglary he was connected with. Well, Johnson," said one of the D's, " Got rid of - all the swag this time?" " "Ye3," said Johnson with as mile, "the whole lot of it." "Perhaps !" answered the D. "At any rate, come and let's have & look through you." Johuson was taken into a room, his pockets searched; when, Io and behold, was found a lady's cornelian cross, worth at the outside 5s, that he had retained as a keepsake. The cross was identified by the jeweller, and the clue is being followed up with such suc cess that ere long Johnson will find him self again " fitted" for a term of years. And yet he is, without' doubt, one. of the most expert burglars we have. Just that one little weak trait, you see, unfailingly brings down on him the -Nemesis of Justice. - ' A man with a " moral kink," or, ,as the new song says, !' one who is : built that way," thinks nothing of giving a valueless cheque. He " tenders the document with a lordly air, and with a perfect disregard of the circumstance that before he is many hours older the gentleman in blue will tap him on the shoulder. But he must .be a cool villain indeed who is prepared to take the change out of a "No Account" cheque tendered" in : discharge:- of- his - marriage fees. Andyet this is the ex perience; ot a well-kuown clergyman who was some time-since posted; in the Nortb-Eastern District. -When the ceremony was over and the blessioo- pronounced, the happy , bridegroom ap- proached the officiating priest, handed him a cheque for £15, at the same time remarking -'Father Q., kindly take £10 out of that for yourself and give me the i change." Gratified at the amount of the fee, the request was complied with an extra blessing thrown in, , aud the newly wedded pair at once left per rail for ai Northern colony. ; Alas' -for the in'gratitute of human nature, when the cheque waa presented it was returned by the accountant with that look of scorn that only, your subordinate bank official is perfect master of. And now tbat.priest has taken a vow that never again will.be be cheated both of his sacerdotal services and his money in like fashion. Our botelkeepers are offering thanks for the modicum of relief that is likely to be offorded them by, the Amending Licensing Bill introduced by Messrs Deakin and Wrixon. Ofcourse ifcis not anything like what they really want bnt the present measure has proved so oppressive in its working that the " half loaf" is. hailed with great pleasure. Not- withatanding that the Government have announced that they can accept no amendment, the association will urge on Mr Carter and other Licensed Vie- tualling members to endeavor to have certain alterations grafted on the amending measure, and as these are really not of any very great importance, the Government will perhaps see their way to ease off a little. The temperance folk, however, are reported to be keenly has been on the "alert, and the Munro beard to declare that any concession the " drinking " side may obtain will have to be fought for very hard. A day or two since I received a letter from a young fellow who was amongst the first to leave for the Kimberley dis trict, and tho account he gives of the place is not likely to lead anyone to leave all and follow in the footsteps of the pioneer. It isn't that he proclaims the rush a dnffer altogether, but rather the insane haste thut must have pos sessed hundreds of men to rush thither, wholly unprepared, and so badly equipped that when they left tho steamer at Derby they were absolutely helpless. He writesi direct from the field itself, nnd, among other things, says There is gold here, that is certain, for I hare got, and am still getting, some myself. Bnt there is not anything like sufficient being obtained to warrant such an ioflas. Woo betide scores of the poor devils who are on their way here. Many of them can never reach, bub must drop down and die by the way. Already there IS- talk of organising relief parties, but wa are ourselves fearfully hampered." He then goes on to say that he and three others have clubbed their capital, and mean te see the thing through, and to this end are making preparations to push further on prospecting. He winds up — " If any of the boys we know think of having a try, for heaven's sake stop' them, no matter what expense they have been to. The diggers here are vowing horrible vengeance against O'Donnell and some of the other fellows who are allege! to have spread false reports." The Opera House, has fallen 011 evil days. For a. long time business had been anything but flourishing. Then Miss Emelie Melville. and: Signor Verdi joined the company, and for a time things looked up. The" treasury conld jingle ita shekels, and on pay-day the ghost walked with commendable panc- tuality. Then a dark cloud— -this time as large as a: woman's hand — arose on the horizon, and Miss Melville secedes, followed almost immediately by Verdi. This was a serious blow, the effect of which was only: softened by Mies Ivanova consenting to be reengaged. But now a worse shock has been re ceived. The Central Board of Health has issned its fiat that after the ensuing twelve months a license wifl not be issued to the Opera House, owing to the ramshackle nature of the buildings. The result will be that down will come the scene of some of the late Mr William Saurin -Lyster's great operatic triarnphs, and up will go a new "Temple of Song" sufficiently palatial to keep paca with modern luxurious requirements. Just here it is as well to note that the contractors for the Alexandra have so far kept faith that the handsome D6W theatre is to be opened on the 1st of October with " Bad Lads," by the samfl authors. as " Mixed, or the Three Hats, a comedy that made the sides of ha'' Melbourne ache with laughter whflD produced at the Bijou. An excellent company has been got together, and is to be led by Mr Stan more, a recent lfll portation from England. Unnsual pre parations are being made to opea the Alexandra .with fle/qt,;and an attempt is 0 I be made to secure vice- regal patronage. I How on earth all the theatres are to bi I made to pay is a pnzzle that only »m 1 can work oat. - I Writing of 'the drama and mnsic : W I minds - me that . a new series of we"ze® I called The Gharries" are in great M I just now in private circles. They n I up to Ihe present made tbeir appears I on one or two ball programmes, bat 1 I certain to become the rage soon. 1 I are extremely tuneful, and the taas I well marked. Another new set of wa ® I are the " Adelaide," but thes1 b I s I not yet heard played yet, and only m | by. hearsay. .. They are, however, 0 , b'e worth' adding to the homo muS' I cabinet. . m be I The., school cadets continno I trained at the Williamstown bat s the new -pea-rifle , adopted by the . cation Department, for the P?rP" I teaching the young sharp-shooting- , in one, or two instances lately the 1 m zeal of the teachers has somewho their discretion.. .. .The .cadets have taken out on sold,' damp days, F result that 'colds have been ' re(J B knickerbockers spoilt by being « with .-.mud;r ,Vlt .. is here H gnj E Materfamilias is likely to Step 1 K put jo rout the youthfal armies j. 0 K toria. In her. eyes, .a severe ® jjfficalt K catarrh in. the.present is a P10'®. ,,E matter.tolreppise than Frenc. . .... ; .< in theMistant-futdre. h ik i " .s-sssstj I 