CHAPTE-Xt XV. TTTTC KINGS AND QUEENS OF ESGLiKD. The Christmas week was ended, yet none ol the gnests felt inclined to leave Neath. The holiday had been so pleasant—every variety of old English sport and pastime had been in requisition—charade parties, balls, private theatricals; they had slincefc turned night into day; yet, the day was not long enough. It was a time never to be forgotten by those who en joyed it. Ljsy Cabt;oraaineand Miss Hyde were the two queens; Lidy Castlcznaiae young, beautiful, giitel with h:gh spirits, al ways bright, always ready to enjoy everything to its fullest extent, was ihs leader of the revels. Isabel Hjde, beautiful and gvaetfol, too, followed her Irad, and no one knew of th« shadow of tragedy that hung over her, or ol her terrible vow. " I have been so harpy hers,'' ehe said, one morning, " that I shall not lilu; goa vay."*' •' You need not go away; stay iha end cf January; I sbaU bo de;igL:ed, and I am enre Rudolph will." Her beait ached j-sst a Htila at her own treachery; the fair face locked so smilingly into hers; the h'ce eys3 were so eksr and guileless; the inv-tiiion h&d; been so enrol given. Yet she iiaew that her only obj ei in stopping with them wae, that she might work her cruel will and part i;>: m. Good iaipulses came to her at times and pleaded for tbenj— pleaded to her to go away and leave them— to put Lord Cistk-rcaine out of her life—to be true to the beautiful woman whom she called friend. What harm had they doce to her? Lady Gastlemaine had not taken her love from her by treachery ; neither had the csri been her lover, for the love was ail on her side, not on his: he had never even been conscious cf it. There were times even now •when ebe almost wished that she had kt him see how much she loved him; and yet the would have lowered her own sc-lf-reepsei, and lowered it in vain, for from the moment be behold Ger trude he bad ntiiher eyes nor ears lor any one else. " I do cot think," she said to herself, bit terly, " that if I had gone on my knees to him, to pray cf him to irurry me ; that if I had been as beautiful as Venus, and dc-ec-ended Eke a queen, that he would have married me." There were times when she gave herself up to wondering over the strange problems of life; as to why it was thai -the, ■who eculd have been eo happy, should find the whole world 80 dark and dreary because the love of her life was given to one who aid not love her. She never reminded herself that it was her own fault—that she had voluntarily and willfully encouraged that love to grow in he? heart, knowing it to be useless; that she had given free rein to a passion that should havo been crushed at the first. She blamed Pro vidence, circumstances, fat?, chance—any and everything, except herself. Of ail the impulses that earns to her, of all the good thoughts and the bad thoughts, none were strong enough to cau?e her to falter in her purpose. Her purpose in life was to separate husband and wife—to kill the great love that lay between them, and put hate in itg place. She worked perseveringly and industri ously ; ehe never allowed the slightest chance to pass. If she could possibly make Lord Castle maine impatient with his wife, if she could Irritate him against her, if she could rouee obstinate self-will that was so strong within him, she would be happy. If, by some laughing taunt, some sharp, cynical remark, she could rouse Gertrude's pride against her husband, ehe felt one degree nearer victory. Yet it was all done with such skill, such craft, sash subtlery that it was impossible for her to ba detected. She never lost one chaae^. One morning Lord and Lady Caetlemaine, Miss Hyde, and several other visitors, were together and were discussing tableaux yivants for the evening. " Lst us have one tableau from that most picturesque period of English history, the reign of Henry the Eighth," said Lady Oastle maine. She turned to her husband with a smile. " Which of all King Henry's wives do you prefer ?" she asked. He was silent for a few'minutes, then he replied: " Catharine of Aragon," " And I," she said," prefer Anne Boleyn. I do not believe any of the scandals about her. She was a beautiful, unhappy woman. Anne Boleyn is one of my favorite heroines in history." " There is one thing about her that I can never understand," said Isabel Hyde, " and it is, how the king could hate her "bo deeply after loving her so much." "There you touch upon a strange meta physical question," said Lord Castlemaine. " It i3 said that love turned to hate is the most bitter bate of all." "I cannot imagine hating any one who has been dearly loved," cried Lady Castle maine. " I can," interrupted Isabel. " I agree with Lord Castlemaine; love turned to hate is the most bitter hate of all." " You remember," said Lord Castlemaine, " that most expressive line: " Hell knows no fury like a woman scorned." He spoke quite unconsciously, not thinking at all of Miss Hyde. Bat she gave him one glance—it said so much that if any one had interpreted it, that person must have under stood the position at a glance. " Love turned to hate," sighed Lady Castle maine ; " the idea is a very powerful one. I wonder if there is much wasted love in the world." " Yes," said Isabel Hyde, briefly, " you may be quite cure of that." •« Yru most read Evangeline," said Lord i Castlemaine, and see what Longfellow says j about wasted cfEeclions. lis declares tlicit | aficctioa never is wasted," " I da not be]leva," eai'I Isabel Hyde, " that he could prove his word.-?. Eat we are gcina a long way ftora Anns Boleyn. You would like a picture from thai most troubled time, L ord Castlemaine V " "Yes " he Esi'3 ; " I have often thought bow interesting a icrioa c£ historical taole&ux; would fas—one taken from each reign. It would be interesting and amusing.'1 "Ycu "would bs Ku;g Henry," said Isabel; " but, Lord Castlemaine, you do not look the part. King Henry waa fiir, and florid, and stout; you are dark, and—and—I was going to add, h&ndscme; but I must not say that." She added in her own mind that he had indeed the grand, dark beauty that pic tsf&s; give to Spanish isings, acd hsr eyes tola her thoughts plainly. "If we hare that tableaux," fiaid Lady Castlemaine, " I shouldlike tohs Anne Boleyn am sure I could act a character that is familiar to use, and one that I like," « And I," said Miss Hyde, " should like to be Catherine c£ Arisgon." •' She wa3 old and plain," interrupted Lady Castlemaine. "She was his wife,'" replied Isabel; "he loved her first and bett; ho loved her well and faithfully—for how many years ?" " H9 loved Anns Boleyn more in the few years of hie wooing and his marriage, than he did Catherine, spreading his love over all these years." _ , ... "I wonder," said Isabel, "which of his wives he really loved the best. Each one eeemed to have separate and different charac teristics. C-aUieiiae was 'every inch a queen,' a royal lady, true to God, and to duty. What she must have suffered when she found her husband's love going from her to one so young andbeautirolas Anne—the tortures oljealonsy, the fear, and the doubts. I should say that no woman ever suffered more." " I hope not," said Lord Castlemaine. "Then," continued Isabel, "comes your favourite, Lady Castlemaine. Her one characteristic seems to have been bar bright, wonderful beauty—her laughing, coquettish nature. Bat what a short-lived triumph 1 While the king wooed Jane Seymour, how ehe must have suffered In her turn all the agonies that she inflicted on Catherine 1" ^ " Jane Seymour mustrhave been very beauti ful," said Lady Castlemaine. " She was young, fresh, and fair, history says. I should think she was shrewd and calculating. She had seen a queen deposed to make room for Anna Bilam, and she re solvfid that Anus should bs depose! iox nex* I do not think that I care much for hsr; a colourless char-aster, I think." i " Then cosies a character whom no one fovea—a character without romance or poetry I Anne of Cievas. I have often wondered where Cleves ie." " She walked in and walked out of history, laughed Isabel Hyde. " Then cotnea a wife for whom I have always felt greatest sorrow, sympathy, and pity—that pretty, wilful child, Catherine Howard; she was but a child. I was reading somewhere,-, the other day, that the night before her execution her cries were so terrible and so appalling, that strong men who heard them trembled. "1 wonder." cried Lady Castlemaine, " that the whole nation did not rise up to a man and tear the monster from the throne. That is the most wonderful part of his history to me—that he waa allowed to live." _ ^ „ " Then come3 the last wife of all, Catnerme Parr. I always think of her as a motherly woman, dressed in gray or brown, and muoh given to serious reading." " Perhaps on his death-bed," saia Lady Castlemaine, " he saw the ghosts of his dead wives—Csiherine, whom he tortured to death by breaking he" heart; poor murdered Anne Boleyn; Catherine Howard, slain in her early youth ; Jane Saymour, whom he forgot as soon as she was dead. Now, which of these wives did he love best ? " " Ciihaiine of Arssgon—there can be no doubt of it," said Lov-d Castlemaine. " She was the love of big Hie—they were bat the loves of an hour." <■ j)o you think a man over has two loves in bis life?" asked Isabrl Hyde, and she looked with a clear, straight glance into the earl s ey es. " No," was the prompt reply; " every man has one love that is above all others, and which is never rt pasted; " and he, in his turnf look ing at his beautiful youag wife, seemed to say, " Saeh love as is mine for you." This did not please Isabel, who could read his thoughts as plainly as she could hear the outspoken words of others. Btie turned the con versation back to its own channel. " I wander," she Baid, slowly, "whatpeople would do in these days if an English king be haved in such a way." «They would give hitn short shrift,' said Lord Castlemaine, quickly. " Englishmen, in these days -would not stand by in silence, while a youoe and beauti ful queen was beheaded," said Lidy Castje maine. " People would soon begin to want to know more of the divine right of kings." " If we have the tableau," irsterruptedlsabel Hyde, promise me that I shall be the wile the kins loved beet, Catb&iine; of Atagon. "twill see to that," laughed Lord CisUe maine; and Lady "Castlemaine smiled as ehe 8B«if the poor Qaeen Catherine had been one half so fair as you, there would have been no Anne Boleyn. 