?' ? ? ' . CBIQKET. ' ?'''? ? .-:?? ::.(Brrcw3«aja.-. __ _ , .Twoaiora wpuld.be npnutt twtMi^fyt^anowea «nSataW»ythe taOaeyof tbe &au;£¥JB.B. in allowing aUolnb« to wompete for thjto trophy, «spe-rtaHyao»e olohs : l^,^^S^ti*^l?l^^loa?»bJ^taBW4oteei1*^ Sfa^S ^*«bett eluhl ***£a%2% -*2»«?:*»* ^WiESWl »««lto*M*5 ^iSaSSftly than. TBahow wnere nuffrmnmmn ihwb vwj io» J^^aSiS^JjflS^hnBl ialwl^^Sia itlliaa' ' jBHaMtiassal'^ff' ''itrh ft ^HIsBB^faflBt'ftlV \ BoBvnK.ttJatowlwpealar'tte sake of JuolorcrukatU that tbe committee wiH ' a^ndioste - the jolubs in tihis nanner next ^ svafion. A dGutarhanoe baa«ooar»dtn thedorecot of die Brintars^CriQket Asso dation. Uapp«n8thatintfeeiBateht»r*^icn|.%»Ben SEanklin C.C. defeated tha Bvavres Sswe^.C, and after the natch was coaeJoded the Ut*«r dob f onsd wiat ttai Otpponentshod violated » cup rule iy playing a person yat wea «ot in the finn's-emploirment. Of ocreuree it took ttme for tioe proteatinar clnbto find out that sudh vae the ease, and it was 'Taesday belcue tie protest was ledged, wheraas .-the mfo allows a club up to 6 p.m. on the Monday. The results of the * ccsamittee's deabeca tipns are that they have dispiaKfie4 the B.1P.C.O. for playiBg a person that *ss npt a bona fide employe. But the «tiaage part of their verdict is that tber w&l; not gfre toe mnjch to the EyST.O.C. However, the matter win be brought up again, and no doubt tb» commit tee will reverse the decision, laaprvi stot&st; kind the time cannot be taken into' consideration, for if it was only en the night of thtrsecond drawing that the violation of the role was discoxeted, the match should have been given to the SJS.CC Moreover, it la the committee**] place tp see that their rules are not infringed, and they should hare tmu&ft; put and stopped the match, and thereby prevented the wasting of an afternoon. It Is to be hoped that the committee will not allow any party feeling to influence them. Tnanks to Shepherd and T. Cease the Alberts had their wish, sad averted the one innftivB defeat, which disgrace lodked inevitable at the conclusion of tbe previous day's play almost a certainty. The Belrtiera Club at last hare had a torn ia the field, but of such short duration as it was on Saturday against the Warwick men, the little fielding they had to do is not likely $o prove beneficial to them in making them experts in that depart ment, for they dismissed the -Warwieks, who, only tbe pzev&os; Saturday, put together £he grand total of 266 runs, for the meagre score of 78. Bad light is attributed to the downfall, tint it was sot on that account, it was the bowling- that happened to be just a hit too good; for Suarkes saw well enough to play a splendid not out Innings for 62. Crane was in great fettle with the ball, 5 wickets falling to him for 86 runs. As the match will be played out, the Warwick men no doubt will have an oppor tunity oi displaying- cneir Datwip oawraunoi. The various cup matches have this season got through with remarkable rapidity. The first round of the Biley, Bowden, Cohen, and Foxdham contests, are bordering on completion, and ere the first Saturday in next month arrives the matches for the second round will be it! full awing. Below will be found the results of the most im portant matohes that took place on Saturday. TX&iVKBsrrx; v. Oajiitom.— This match was continued on the Domain on Saturday. Barbour, who was not put on the conclusion of the previous day's play, xesomed his innings and added 22 more runs to his toial before being diamaBsa. IBn-rYmTir in Vi Vin ^-^gTyl™»^jJ *r' *'B «yt««qa innings of 103. tbe first innings of the 'v*ars£byti paused ?oonBfter Barbour/ BdiB-miaselfortbe respectable total of 261 P. ifDonnell and A. Baanerman opened the Ga.rlton's innings. The latter was soon sent to the rightabout. H'JtonneU whs the only one of the Carttons that infused, aey life in hie play, 77 runs being credited to him ina very short time. C. Bannarman 22, Marr 23, and Toner 18 batted well for the-Uttle while they were at the wickets. Tbe came ended in a draw, and had time permitted a close finish would no doubt have resulted. The scores were— University, 261 ; Carlcon, six wickets for 173. Wabwxok v. Albsbc— The latter with an wickets down for 72 runs, and requiring 76 more to save, a one umin/s defeat, resumed their task on the Association Grorad last Saturday, and by the united egbrts of T. Dotk ard Shep herd, theyxreseahte to accomplish their object, 70 runs being obtained between them before they were separated. Sean* 67, and Shepherd 42, are to be complimented on their fine innings and plucky uphill fight. Cottam cap tured two and Spurway one out of the four that went to the wickets. The full scores were— Warwick 266, Albert ltd and 163. The Warwick required 16 runs to win;' bnt, so as to allow the Belvidare to start their match wrthoot delay, the Albert gave them the match without going to thewickete. Belvxdzbs v, WABwrcr.— Under the new system th« winner of the above match had to meet the Belvioere. The Warwick skipper won the toss, and lost no time in Banding bis two first men to the wickets. It was soon evident that the truhtiiexs Crane and Ferris were on the spot, five of the Warwick teams beet were sent to the rightabout for only 16 Tone, the remaining; five men fared nearly as tad. Spa.ck.es was the only double figure scorer in the Innings, fie went in fifth and earned hia bat oat for a really flrBt-class game of 62. The first innings offthe Warwieks dosed for the paltry score of 78. Crane could not hare bowled better, five wickets being credited to them for 86 runs. Ferris bagged two lor 27. and Wsjker two for 15. With a few miimtoni to saad lust before the sttxmps were drawn, the former was aeatty caught by Wales oS Spurway, the board showed 1 — 0— 3, wh*B play ceased. Scores :— Warwick, first innings : Deris, b Cxans 4 ; }. Seal, b Crane 0: A.G?egory, b Ferris % S. Seal, b lerrJaS) Sparkesnot out, S2i Demnftn, c Halli- can b Crane 0; Cottam ran out, 9; Knrdock, o andb Wallle 8: Spurway, b 'WaUia 0; Wales, c aicnaxdaon b Crane 8 j Trumble,bCrane2j byes 1, total 78. Cabthobav. TtoroBiAuoosx (Biley Cup).— ^Tais match has tuned out just what was predicted, namely, a soft thing for theHed and Blacks, who won the toss, acdelected to go to the wickets first. Whiting and Kelly opened tnefr innings very caretnlly, as the bowling would sot allow of any liberties at the start, but it Boon became very loose, which the batsmen relished, and punished severely, Kelly's leg-hitting- being partiovlary brilliant, while Whiting put the wood on with telling effect, especially on his off drives. Although repeated changes were mads is the bowling, it was not before 60 hove in night that- the desired separation was accomplished. Whiting being dismissed with 43 opposite his name. His innings was 01 wh tauoe obbuui; b hj*v w*o.u u» i^uva*, tensed his play this season. Boon after tbe century was hoisted Kelly was unfortunately run out after totting up 60 in a easily cricket-like manner. His Cambridge pokes were very effective. His innings was the beBt of the day, and It reminded me of his palmy days in the old- Strath mow. Bobinson and Meiley became partneES,andanother long stand was made, and in the last over of the day the partnership, which had put the second ceatnry together, was broken by MelLsv being caught after contributing 42 by vigorona cricket. His bitting was very hard, and once sent the ball clean out of the ground. The stumps were then drawn, Bobinson being not out with a most meritoriously compiled 57, isade without a blemish. The nme at present scands — Carthona C.C, six wickets down (or 320 runs. The V.H.C.C. will not abandon the match, as they believe that a match ia not lost till it is wo- and will therefore continue it next Saturday notwithstanding that they have yet to dismiss such batsmen as Bobinson, Aitkia, Black, and Nesbitt. MjJtalCKVTLLB v. Bovkbb (BrxiT Cup).— The latter club, owing t» their picnic taking place next Saturday, and also on acoonns of the one their opponets have given themThave wisely decided not to continue their match, and have forfeited to the Marriekvillee. At the close of the previous day's play tbe Sovers had loit six wickets for 67. The game was costinned on Saturday, they: last fonr wickets only adding 10 to the total, which gave the ' Brickies' a lead of £6 on the first innings. In the second attempt of the Marrict Til+es, they treated their snta$onists to an aftecnoon's leather-hnntang, S01 rnns being recorded ior the loss of 7 wickets. The feature of the innings was the fine display of batting shown by A. French, wha carried his bat out for a grandly made 76- G. French played a useful, if not such a scientific innings a» his brother, for 61. Scores : B.C.C., 77 ; H.C.C., 183, and 201 for 7 wickets. Bowses Ootp— Ivanhos v. Ihdependest.— This match was resumed on the Oup wickets, and resulted in a. victory in an innings and' 35 rune, for the Pyrmont Club. The trundling of Buck* and Hetrell again proved tpo Enperior for the Independents, who, in their second attempt, were disposed of for 30 runs, 20 oi -which were obtained by Moore, in good style, the foil scores were— Ivanhoe, 99; Independents, 3i and 30. HittsYrxLD v. Acbioh.— What has been considered as the bast of the round, for the Bowden Cup, was com menced on Saturday last between dee. dubs, upon the completion of the above match. The Hansfie d, who have got the name of being the beat batting team in the second nminra. nnnld Tniitft no heaAwar asaisat the bowlixur of Williams, 74 rune only being the outcome of their first inn ings. Jenkins 80 and If 'Kenzie 16 played ty eU fox their mas. The Albionswent in, ard ran up 32 runs before the stumps werejdravni for the loss of three wickets. Chalmers 10 and Ferguson (not out) 13 showed good form. The game will be continued next Saturday, and should prove very interesting. Cohxs OtTP— CiLKPEEDOifK v. Ekekaxd.— The Utter requiring 48 runs to win wi£h eight wickets to faQ, buc ceoded in obtaining the retjoisite number with five wickets, and7 therefore, won the match with three -wickets to spare, f arfit 17, Drives: IS, Watson 12 made their runs by good cricket. Scores — Camperdown, 55 and 68 ; Emerald^ 69 and seven wickets for 67. CtYDK v. Obmonbe (Cohen Cup).— Owing to the deadly effect in which Goldman and H'Jnahqn sent down their deliveries the former's first innings closed for the small score of 38, Wood 19 being the only one that shaped at all well. The Ormonde have fared a little better, and have just reached their opponents score for the loss of 7 wickets, of which Queleh captured 3 wickets and Cue 2. Gaediheb Cr/p,— Jt'Arthur & Co. v. GardinerAOo.— The first match for this trophy was started on the Aericoltural Ground last Saturday between the above clubs. Small soores-jrare the order of the day, partly on account of the fletdinfe- ground, andpartiy-on aoeoanC of there not being more tha» three ctioketers on either side. W. and A- Aider- son and Book did «ul the hutteag and bowling for M? A. and. Co., when the sams maybe saii of X G. and B. A. VaDack and Hoskiags for Gatdinere. Scores: A. M*A, andQo^ Hart «n-n-T-g« 49,«econd innings five wickets for 16 j W. G. and Co., firstaauiqnSp. -As exciting finish is expected. CoJtssBvjxtvs v.BiraBr.--TJUe former, with .a very bad team, journeyed to Kofwood Pack, but were 'able to score 148 off their opporienis* powUng. Even -(not out) 67, Cleland St. and Hargrttve 30 showed splendid cricket for their coutrlbutiomji. The Bugby lost six wickets ior GO runs when time wu :«alUd, Pkramoor being top with 15. Hargraves bagged five wickets. The game was drawn in Cokio v. -Uos Bots.— This match was played on the latter's wicket, and terminated in a draw. The former scored 133— Tsadall 53, Coifper 29. J« Smith 13, and Sweet man nob out Q. The former batted splendidly for his quota. The Our Boya lost six wickets for SI, Ford -with 21 being top ecorer. Sullivan was in irood form, and secured fiveout ot the eir-wiokatB for 22 runs. Ivabsox v. BiCHjcoNB 021, played at Bashouttets Bay, and resulted in a win for the Ivanhoe witii two wickets aoft 32 runs to spare. Scores :—E,C.C, SS— STFarlane 14, Casey U; XC.C^ht wiokets for 105— Mitcbefl not out &5, Charlton 19,- ityere ana H. Ourran each, a doten. Chadton, bowled best fpr^lhe winnecs and J£*Gxb.w for thelosere.. ShAW'S SLBVSH V. FABSiKAIXA DlBTEJCT.— The follOW' ina ?5ayer» have been choaen to xeicesent the County of' Cumberland against -the Jfagfiah Eleven, In the tnMeli, wblch takes, plaoe on the PatrajBiatto cricket ground os Vriday and Saturday next ~- WaHord, Keaie, Nagle, Thorpe. FoweU,BrodU», Hoses, Bennett, Boon, 6. Spur war. OopeJand, Maybury, J. 'Cleeve. E. B. Booker, T. Uooxet, J. uocter, ocawBcouuio, aanna; voxac^saanst, O'Beilly, Bowling. . '. S.8?W.CJU— A meeting of the committee of the above wiH be held this evenings! the Exchange Hotel, at 8 tun. The toUowiag rnatphe* were also played on «atttidmy t— Good TflmplAni t. Kendall*, wpn by LO.Ci.T., who made 45 .«tn*t tVelr rstintoumifm 31. Thn smnloveeaof J. Woods ?ad Oo. defeated thoee of Balaon and Co. by 51 runs. Wvnyard v. Ida; drawnin favor of theformert eoorea— WjQAZ. 140, LG.C. SS for seven wickets. The Cambtidg* P.O. totaled «B far«wi(-katsanlsct £he Quee»*« Ow£: Kaloneany 45, OaweaJS, Woods 3S,and HttdsonSS, played wett* the match waadBMrn. Glanmore v. W*yerlay, wes by the latter with 70 xnns to spare. The Bahnoralsaot xldol th«Sonroodafor40 tuna in their first biniBgLwhile IX wwre«i»t*red by *h«m in ttisir one attempt. Teams tmWenabhAineBtaof TUloekaiittOaandV'ltnsUa K«&arman; mHf at C*mp«rdowii. -the. former winaimr by jg ?'^ffilpt^m-m**^ tf) xu6bb vJui excftlng sai&e; was pb9e& aAd'C^.'ThefonMrvi^BjB'Bgi^yt^'o cons. - JsvioalBei.-v, ?W«m»)t Woaiyttefomw^who ta*Ud «p_U» «f»Sst the8tanmn»«* TJ»He«i^Wat«lo**»aat^*a»leat ^thThaadsotttoiaawawtoWruM. ' 