THE SIGNALMAN'S LOVE- STORY. in two chapters. chap. t A song which was very popular when I was a boy, says, Most folks fall in love, no doubt, some time or other.1 It might with equal truth have said that most folks fail in love two or three times over. 1 am Bare it was the «»» with me. It was also my fate to do what, 1 am told, is one of the commonest things iu the world that is, to fell violently in love with a person entirely ont of my own circle ; not below it, like tbe king and the beggar-maid, but a great ; deal above me ; with a girl, too, who was as proud and haughty and stony as Jonojor a sphinx. ' — »««»« »e«r, nearly fifty years ago now — I am seventy-one next birthday — the railway syBtem was in its infancy, bnt yet was spreading fast, and I was one of the earliest servants. It was in no exalted position that I served. My father was dead ; ray mother rented a small cottage on.tbe land of the nobleman in whose service her husband had lived and died; and this nobleman recommended me to a railway Company which had jnet con structed a branch through his estates. I was at first a porter, but afterwards a signalman, and, as a great favour, I was assigned a post on tbe branch just mentioned, close to my own house. The signal was not far from the junction of the branch with the main line ; a very lonely spot for a long way in either direction, although there was a thriving town some five miles down the branch ; and there was a siding close by where the trucks used in a scanty local traffic were collected. There were some cottages near my j crossing — I ought to have said that there w.is a level crossing not far from my box — in one of thG3e I lived ; a sprinkling .'t farmhouses and several very good houses of a higher class were within sight. I u oue of these latter, nut by any means the grandee; but handsome enough for ih that, lived Squire Cleabyrn ; and it was with his nniv damrhter Mim Beatrice, that I chose to fail in love. F t that matter,- I daresay a score of other young fellows as poor as myself were as earnestly nr love with her as I was. but they probably had sufficient -ense not to show their folly. I did -how mine. I could not help it ; and when 1 recall ail I felt and. suffered at the time, I feel I mnst retract my ad mission that others were as much in love with her as myself, bnt had the eense to conceal it : such a thing wonidbave been impossible. They could not have con cealed it ; they might have refrained from talking abont it I did not talk ; L-ut had they seen the girl as often as I fid. ana looked into her face as closely as I did, they conld not have hidden their infatuation from her. In return, she would have looked at them with the same haughty indifference — which yet bad a something of contemptuous wonder iu it — as I was treated with. Not that my story has anything of the Lidv of Lyons flavour about it ; I <vss i.o Uiaude to an English-Pauline ; but. this girl, this Miss Beatrice, was so amazingly bBautifni that shewas famed for fall t wenty miles around. Xnaddition, she was one of the best horsewomen in tbe country, and this enabled me to see more of her than I should otherwise have done. She used to ride out, sometimes with a servant only, sometimes with a party, nearly every day she cauie through the gates at my crossing. I tried not to "look at her, feeling and knowing; that there sparkled from my eager eyes more iieiina than X should have allowed to escaped me — bnt in vain. I conld not withhold my gaze from that cold, dark fice — she was not a blonde beauty ; 1 1 aeu nair was nub cue rage iu umw days — or from her large, deep,, un fathomable eyes, that looked through ine as though X. bad not been. there, or was at best no more than, a part of the barrier I swung open for ha passage. Yet these eyes, as I even then knew bnt too well, read me to the -core, while they seemed to ignore me. I ant almost ashamed to own it now, ana even at this distance of time it makes my cheeks tangle to recall it, ..bnt I have wasted a whole afternoon, when X had a ' tore ofij' " in hope of. seeing Miss Cleabyrn. Her father's home stood on a knoll, with smooth open lawns sloping down from it on all sides, bo that from my signal-box X could see when any -one was walking in the front of the mansion, .and when a party assembled to ride ont Well, I have actually lingered, on some feeble pretence, for four or five hours about the signal-box, in hope that she might walk on the lawn, or that, she mieht mount and ride through our gates. I well remember that it was on one of these afternoons that Miss Beatrice, rode through with a small party. Ah ! I recall ihem esaily enough- There was one other lady, and three' gentlemen. To open the gatefar them, for her; was the opportunity I had., been.) longing, waiting for, and wasting my few hours of holiday for; so I offered to do this to my mate, who had. relieved me, and who wan glad enough to be spared: the labour; sad- X caught a fall glance from the eyes ofAGsa Basfcrice. The Innlr was AM in . which. uili SBHUBAvto exchange glances with me — X knew it; mpant. notfaing,.lhst it wan all delmuim, and yet it would he enongh "to fcanntme for days. I knew, that also. I had never seen her look so beautiful before, and I felt my cheeke and-brow turn burning' hot hi the instant I met thfe glance. They passed. I watched; them to the last— I always dii— and, Lsaw hear turn her head towards the: gentleman. who; rode by herwidei-The vanviaiimt buHiglit: her profile, eo plainly io view that X. could aeeiefaajwaa unfiling.; Aefwtrimda her, the gentfeman;:tomBd;xmd and; rag also ; it was something, befiftd a smile with him, ai«d. £. then. reddened more done with ..rmuwntrfar -J knew-.fcej was HP-W: fill HOB Wedycu must frare-'heea' laughing-ralso ; andrat 1 what J T was the' subject of their ndimlo,; Sffliil SBtwiliSWHn|fc I knBwtfaBt»fctm «nafflrntfre<j"l'U'i«Pnwi it did imt mdteitetterymgaBasaim, fuL iack;. '-or-' '1'ri sipmriJwx He, toot had "fcotfixdrthe enures that was Ure cMdwated -Misa Cleabyrn.. You knnwwhnwaa riding by her side, I suppose !' ' Kb,' I said, answering as calmly as 1 conld ; I was almost .afraid to trust my voice. 'That's a young Mow, a captain from somewhere,' contained my mats ' who is going to many Miss Oleabynr He has got a lot of money. So has she. Sam Powell who drives the night- mail, knows farm, and told me all abont' it' As the speaker had no Ma. of the absurd state I was in, he took no par ticular notice of me, bnt' changed the subject, and went on with some indif ferent topic. I was glsd he did sn, for althongh. I uau an otter contempt tor myself and for uiy folly in allowing the conduct or the future of Miss Cleabyrn to excite m a, yet I conld not have conversed on snch a theme as her marriage ; while the know ledge that the person to whom I had been ridiculed — X felt sore of that — was her avowed lover, seemed to increase the bitterness of the sting tenfold I had ample opportunity of seeing that the report which X had heard was likely, at anyrateto be founded in feet, as the stranger, tbe 4 captain from some where,1 remained, a guest at Elm Knoll for folly a fortnight, daring which time not a day passed without my seeing both him and Miss Cleabyrn, and sometimes more than oace each day. So I came to know him by sight as well as I did her. He was a trunk, handsome yonng fel low ; that I co old see, end was obliged to own ; and io his speech he was pleasant. This was shown by his stop ping on two or three occasions,., when riling alone, to ask me some questions, as I opened the gate for him. I was eure he made these occasions, and at first disliked him fur it ; but I conld not continue. . to bear ill-will - against a man . of snch kindly open manners, so I relented, and, era he left the neighbourhood, used. to. Look for ward with pleasure to seeing him This was a sad felling-off from my previous tuuuu, auu eu wjw-iuy duxpiuig it cigir from him as he rode through. Xn fact, although X have no doubt ' written myself an ass,' as onr old friend Dog berry wonld have said, yet atfihe worst 1 _w»r not witbont some glimmering of sense, which saved me from making an absolute example of myself. Even daring t ie sbort time in which the captain — I did not know his name — was vi siring at Elm Knoll, the heat and surge of my absurd passion had perceptibly moderated, and just then several circumstances combined to re store me to a right frame of mind. After the cap tarn's departure, Miss Beatrice left home on a prolonged visit, so that X did motisee her ; and at the same time I met Hatty Oirr.who was, in her way, quite as pretty as Beatrice Cleabyrn, althongh not nearly so haughty ; and my heart being specially, tender and open to impression just then, I suppose, X speedily thought more of her than of the young lady at Elm Knoll. Indeed we were married the next year. At the time I speak, of, a good many things were in vogue, or at least had not died oat, which, have quite vanished now, and among these was duelling. Every now and then, a duel was fought ; but the ridicule which attended bloodless meetings, and the greater activity of the police w caseB. where harm. was done, were diminishing them greatly ; yet still, they did occasionally happen. A great star wss madefay a violent quarrel amone some officsra nf a regiment quar- tered intXjaacsshira,-in .which a challenge to fight a duel had been giveu and re fused. It was called. in". the: papers of the day, » The -Great- MrEtBry- Braudri,1 and arose in toe rouowing manner, a. certain Mgjpr Stariey had offered, a gross insult, to a young lady, on whom; it ap peared,. he had been-forefog- fais atten tions for some time; and. her only rela tive, a half brother, was in the same regiment- with' the -major: 'The details were not pleasant, and it was no' wonder that Captain T.nm-onntnn challenged the- major; but the latter declined the chal lenge on some professional grounds ; tod when- parties met, high words passed. These commenced, it appeared, with thfi- captain f bnt smh became violent in the dispute, until at last the captain thrashed hie -antagonist in the presenoe-of several- officers This was not a makebelieve beating ; a ' consider- ynUTeelf-horee-whipped ' affair, bnt a rjght-dhWn' ' welting.' the major being badly cut and braised. This was serious enough, anyhow ; but what made it. worae was that the officers were on doty at the time ; and by the strict letter of military law, the captain would certainly heponiahed -with -death. He had expectedfvit seem.-, that after he would infallibly receive a challenge from the injured officer ;-bot it was not so. He was placed internes in the barracks, and expected to beXmragbtto a court-martial . He . heard, however, from, some friendly source, that it was. intended to - hand- hiramrecto-tha civil power, wfaen he wonld.be chatgetLwilh assault withintent to kSL:. In thOBB days, Jfimnst anything was transportable, and as Msjor Htariey be longed to one of the most inflnentral: fmnaies: in. the kingdom, . there was no dbnbt thatthe captain wonldbe emit to a convict" settlement There was also no donbt thattfae . proaecutmn would be conducted in the. most-: vindictive spirit andxnuhed-to. thebitterest end. . . Terrified at snch. :; . proapecfc,-tbe 'yonng officer escaped-from the hsrranka,- T,yconnivancs.ofthB®iard,XhmE was jossnn:. to anppeae, althongh this was njBVieracomjjlekeij provedratanyrate, he gotGlear«wuyanddiBipeared. Im mediate, advantage... was - tokenot thiss f.e. I jJthnngh very natnral eteftanda. his appm- l. — — xv Qntxrfffhc; Sab£refoaJhere:wmn j for giving up ""' "wabmud. an. there was not natnnUy,- strongly uMfgptef Captain Lanren- stan, andaatihitebhEm>J»r;who -would & 1oriy&rtiie; purpose nfahnwing: I had taken an interest in all these details, ss my mates had done, and, as with them, my sympathies were on the side of Captain Lanreoston, yet only as a stranger, for I had never, to my know ledge, heard of him before. Bat after a while, it began to he said that the cap tain was the officer who had been bo long a viator at Elm Knob, sod wss the accepted suitor of Miss Cleabvrnr This gave me more interest in the affair, and I sincerely hoped . he might make good his escape. Miss Beatrice had retained to Elm Knoll ; bnt she rarely left the honse, and still more rarely rode ont, althongh it was the hunting season, so that I hardly ever saw her. I was on niaht-dnty at the signals ; and when £ went there one day to relieve the day man, he told me that there were several Iiondon ' detectives ' banging about the place 1 — he knew this from one of the guards who had formerly been in ths police, and so recognised them. I naturally esked if the Company suspected anything wrong among their people, and my mate said no, not at all. The detectives, of coarse, woald not say anything about their bosinese ; bat the guard suspected that they were after Captain Xaurenston, who was likely to try to see Miss Cleabyrn before leaving England. This appeared feasible enough; and I was able heartily to echo the wish of my mate, to the effect that the yonng fellow might give his pursuers the slip. I have said that my signals and crossing were oo a branch, of no great traffic ; so, when the last down pas sengers' and first night goods' train had posBed — they followed each other pretty closely — there was nothing stirring for several. 'honra. Traffic throngh the gates at the level crossing after dark, there was little or none, so my berth was doll and lonely enongh. I did not orach mind this, for I was food of reading, and on this night — a stormy ooe it was — I was reading a terrible ghost story. I laugh at each things now, but I know right well that they made me ' creep ' then. I daresay every one knows the sensation, ana has ten it over gnosi stories. I was in the midst nf the most terrible parr, when I heard a slight noire, end lifting up my eyessaw at my little window, quite close to me, that which startled me more than any ghostly appearance ever will. I thought it was a ghost. The glare of my lamp fell upon the panes, and I recognised the large deep eyes which had so often thrilled me. I saw, and knew to a cer tainty that Beatrice Cleabyrn was look ing at me. She knew by my electric start. The face vanished from my wiu- dow, and as I sprang from my seat, there was a tap at my door. I threw it open. The furioos blast of wind which en tered almost blew oat my lamp, and I felt the driving rain even as I stood within the huh It whs Miss Cleabyrn, and she at once stepped over my thres hold. She had on a large cloak, the cape of which was turned up so as to form a hood, and this, was dripping with wet ; great drops of rain were on her face too. I pushed, my stool, the only seat in my hut, towards her, and strove to ask what had brought ber to such a spot on such s night ; bat I could get out no intelligible words. She had closed the door after her, and in her very manner of doing so, there was something which suggested fear and danger, so that I caught my breath in sympathetic alarm. 'You are Philip Waitress, are you not 1' she said. I had never heard her speak before, and . either I was stiil under the influence of my old enchantment, or shexeaily bad the most melodion', most thrilling voice io the world ; assuredly I thought so. Of coarse I replied in the affirmative. i -rrr- - x i_ l J I -C I Vt€" i. ua Vc QCaTH jUII b|IU latrll U'i -she continued ; ' and always favourably, f am sure you may be trusted ; I am sure you will be faithful1 ' If I eau serve you in any manner, Miss Cleabyrn,1 I managed to say, ' I will be faithfnl to aoy promise I may give — faithful to death.' This was a rather strong , speech, bnt 1 could not help it. As 1 made it; I felt that she knew right well, witbont being led by any repnrt or mention of me — even if she had heard anything of the sort — why I might be trusted. She smiled as I said this. I knew how fascinating was her smile, bnt I bad never semi it with each sadness in it ; it was a thousand times more enthralling : than before. I will confide-in yon,1 she went on. ' I will tell you why I am here in snch a tempest ; to do this, will be to confide in yon most fully. — I will not sit down 1 — this was called forth by another offer of the only seat already mentioned — ' I will stand here1 — she was standing , in an angle behind the door, much screened by my desk and some books which were.hesped npon it — ' then no chance or prying passer-by can see me.' 'None will pass herafor some time, MTsb Cleabyrn,1 1'sud ; ' on such a night ss this, on any night, indeed, the place is deserted ; bnt take the precaution, if it will give yon a. feeling of greater safety.' She did so ; and then proceeded, firmly and collectedly — I was enabled afterwards to judge how mnch the effort cost her — to tell me what had brought her to my station. Yon have heard of Ciptain Idnranston V she began. J signified that I had done so. ' Yon know that he is panned by the police ; ..and yoa know, I have no donbt, that he. is the gentleman who was here in the early part of the summed — I thought- ho. He is in thiB neighborhood ; is not farfrom-hereL. He dares not enter aire honse atElm Knalfe as that is not only under - special watch,' bnt we .have reason to think tfaat onB or more of onr -servants'sre - bought over,andwonhL act as apiteand liifbniiera: He cannot get -nwsy without aBBirtanBBjmd ypn, he-, t J amT I exriaimBcL- ' WByj wbafc can l do t ' Perhaps nothing ; perhaps ;-_every- thing,' jrephed-Mire Clesbyru i ' He bar. Tm f ri nrrn nnd hjoar. makesit moreriangemns-fnr him s6 finger: . He knows he esnXziiatryou. l am sore of it too,1. she added, after a — „nnnt'n heaifetiim your very iook speculated- .rightly thatis I wonld liiiBe Ifr—w taken. nnt - and shot dead on the dmefJmthocsJtittn have betrayed her MitW— fa—Ma— fat - - - T tnlil li>« »>' fflTiltW iTr r-rjT to assist her, and the ciptain too. 1 In what way,1 1 continued, ' do you P- ' Yon must get him away io one of the carriages1 she interrupted — 'some carriage which leaves here ; for if he ventures to the station, he will certainly be arrested. Yon can, for the present, conceal him in your cottage, where, as I know, nobody lives bnt yonr mother and yooreelf. We leave all to yoo. He will come here tn-raorrow nigh. Tbe rest is io yoor hands. — These -are all I can give you now,1 she continued. ' What ready money we can command, he will want ; but in a short time you shall be properly rewarded1 As she spoke, I saw her hands were busy under her cloak ; and in the next instant she laid on the desk before me a handsome gold watch aod chain. ' Miss Cleabyrn 1' I gasped at last ; 'yon do not think — do not suppose for a moment that I want — would take from you anything to bny my aid 1 I am only too willing to give it. I shall he proud 1 ' They are yours 1' she interrupted. . '-Watch for the captain to-morrow night. . — Do not follow me. — No ; keep them ! All we can do will be but trifling to show our undying gratitude, if you aid ns now.1 She opened the door as she said this, and iu a moment was lost in the dark ness of the night, leaving me standing wiih the watch and chain in my hand. ii. I obeyed Miss Cleabyrn'a injunction: not to follow her, though I wished to restore the watch and chain she had left with me ; hot I s'.rained my gaze in the direction she had taken. In the continued: bellowing of the wind and throngh the driving rain, it was difficult to hear or see anything, even when close at hand ; yet I fancied 1 could hear her footsteps, as she reached the lane which was at the foot of the railway bank, and could see her. — Yes ! again I heard footsteps ; but surely they were not hers ; and the vague, shadowy glimpse of a form I obtained wss not Beatrice Cleabyrn, and — I might be confused by the rain ; but if not, there were two others. It was in vain to strain my sight any longer ; I could see and bear no more, so I returned to my duties ; and in the morning I might almost have persuaded myself that all had been a dream, bat for tbe presence of tbe articles which Miss Cleabyrn had left with me, I felt at liberty, and indeed felt bound, to take my mother into the secret, as her house would probably be the place of refuge tor the ciptain ; bat I did not tell ber all I have now aaid. She was not informed of what I well knew was the true reason for Miss Cleabyrn seeking me out and entrusting mt with so dangerous a secret The old lady who was a confirmed student of the newspaper, and had long been interested in the fate and fortunes of the captain, was glad to have tbe chance of being of service to him, aad arranged at once where he should sleep. We had not much choice, oar cottage, being but of four rooms. My mate told me, when I went on doty, that it was rumoured at the Chequers that Captain Liurenston was in the neighbourhood for certain, and wonld be caught, worse luck ! It was impos sible that be conld get away, there was each a lot on the lookout for him. I re turned some indifferent answer, for, of course, I could not tell him how terribly I c.iuld have corroborated his tale. I could, however, and, did, echo his last wish at leaving, that the officer might beat ail bis enemies. It was again a soaking wet night ; the wind had gone down, so that the rain did not drive as on the previous day, and there was do violence iu the down pour, but it was steady and drenching, enough. The usual passenger and goods trains oaa passea, ana r grew dhtoos with expectancy. No idea had been given me as to when Ciptain Laorenstno would make his appearance ; but I could not help thinking it would be about the same time as my visitor had come on the previous evening ; and X was right. I took the precaution to tarn my lamp down a little, so as to diminish. tbe light ; for there was no knowing what eyes might be on the watch, and I was standing at the entrance of my hut, striving to pierce the darkness, when I was startled by two figures coming sud denly before me. I knew them. They entered, and I closed the door. ' Thank heaven, you are safe, so far, Oswald !' exclaimed the lady — Mies Cleabyrn, of course — aod I blow you can confide in our friend Waitress ; so. I trust you are out of the toils.' ' Yes,' said tbe captain, turning to m and grasping my band. X knew him by his voice and. by Miss Cleabyrn'a words ; bat had we met casually, I assuredly should not have recognised ; him. His glossy moustache aad. tu.ll whiskers were gone,, while a light wig hid what was left of his dark curls. ' I know I can trust him,' he said ; ' I knew it the first time I saw his face. — Bnt leave me now, dearest ; it will only be for a time— a short time, ere we meet again. Thank our friend Waitress, and let us say fare well.' Miaa Cleabyrn offered. her band — there was such a queer thrill in my own veins as I touched it, each a recalling of past days! — and she said a. few words expres sive of her. gratitude. These were only few ; but with her soft voice in my ears, and the sight of her now swnnmmgjeyes before me, I would have dared death in her service. She then threw her arms round' the captain's neck, . and' strove, to frame, a farewell, bnt broke down terribly, . sp that for a few minutes she was hysteri cal, sod IdreadEd lest she might scream Mood; and thnsgivB the alarm tirany chance traveller,, or, it might, be, any concealed watcher. Bnt she recovered herself as quickly as she had broken" down, dashed the tears fcom her -eyes, gave one passionate kiss;, aad thenr fled into the darkness : « My "poor dear giri,1. said , tbe captain,' Wibu flffuiE untmiuiu tu JJU> UH » gazed after , her. . ' I feel that X ought to have gone with. her,, and.- yet -X know, it woald have, been madness. — We were trace4ho)e,Wultra«s,-. far "fill X know; 1 told' him -how I fsmaed l bad seen two persons, when ffiaa Cleabyrn had left ray iHixon tfae previous night. . Y iaf- be fflidwfthm«nife'p..tX.joinedi fMtaf thaj-hmk Bttt : YOU: znnsttisvogDO<L<eyBs:V . . X ri-plainrd-that lif imwinJ-utiiiil aae ; that I thnught X had «m two personB follow the Udy, although, in such storm -ItriVlgrirnwiatitwdmpoeniblBto be certain. He wis s good deal die- : turbed st hearing, this, being evidently at once convinced that my suspicions i were well founded. He had not been lung in mv hat, and i we were talking abont the best method of first concealing him and then getting him away, when I suddenly stopped iu my speech and listened at the door. ' What is the matter.!' asked. Laoren- ston. ' I heard a step of some one walking roond the box,' returned ; ' and I am sore there is a man on the rails. No one has any business there at this time.' In another inBtaat a low whistle wss heard. ' They mean mischief' I said ; yoo are caged I These men are following yon.' The captain turned pale, and thrust his hand into bis breast. I guessed he had some weapon con cealed there, so I exclaimed ; ' That will not do! — Here 1 There ; is jnst one chance ; ' put on this coat and cap.' They were those left by my mate. — ' Q nick 1 I cried ; I can hear them coming! — Now, sit down, and write anything, in this book. Don't seem to shrink from' A sharp rap at the door interrupted me. Before I could answer it, the door was thrown open, and I saw three men strangers — before me. Another was standing at some distance, sn that X could not see bim distinctly. ' Your name is Waitress,' aaid tbe foremost sharply, and with a quick glance round the interior of the hut. ' We are io pursuit of a criminal, and have traced him to this spot, — Have you seen any stranger here V ' I bave not been bera all the evening,' I said ; ' bnt no one has been here except Bill f I exclaimed to my supposed mate, ' have yoo seen any fellowH hanging abont here !' ' Bill' turned half round; but tbe peak of his cap being drawn down over his face, and the collar of his coat being turned up, as was natura on such a night, he was effectually dis guised, especially as bis appearance was, as i nave oescnoea, so completely changed. He spoke with his pen iu his mouth, and said : ' About three hours ago there was a fellow st the gate3 that I didn't like the look o£' ' We have seen our man, or he has been seen, since then,' returned tbe speaker. . Then addressing those behind, he said : ' He may be biding in those tracks,' pointing to some on the other side of the line. At that moment a man was really beard to leap from one of the tracks and to hurry along the road. I knew who it was, aod that it was his doty to see to certain arrangements, before the train came throngh which would pick them up. The man who was standing apart also beard tbe noise, and called to the others ; then, without soother word, tbey hurried to where the trucks were stand ing: ' A near chance that,' I said, turning to the captain, but stopped in my speech, from the shock his changed appearance gave ma He was deathly pale. I began to feel more uneasy in my new undertaking than I bad hitherto been, especially when I heard another step approaching and saw that some one bearing a light was coming to the hut. I thought it was a second, search; and felt that we cooid scarcely, expect to re peat our success. However, it was only Charley Pearse, the night-goods foreman, wno had come down to send the trucks off, and had crossed over to my box to teii me of a ' ram go ' he had had with some queer-looking strangers; who had insisted on searching the trucks. ' If they had been civil, said Charley, with a knowing wink' and nod, evidently directed at my companion, ' I might have uiiu iiueui suuithuiiix guuu , uuu mey were preciously uncivil talking to me as if I was a nigger or a convict, so I sent them to the Pike and PertX — this was a beer-house some two miles off—' aod so, you know, if any gent's in trouble and wants to clear out, son's the tame.' It was at noes clear that Charley knew, or pretty closely guessed, what was afoot. The captain looked at ma Hy a sadden inspiration I saw bow to make a benefit of this new danger. ' Charley,' I exclaimed, ' this is Captain Lanretmton. who tbrashed'the major. You know nil about him, I am certain, for we have often talked abont the affair.' Charley nodded. ' If he does not get sway to-night, ' T continued, he will be caogfat; for there are spies about him everywhere.' ' Well, whatisthe captain going to do !' ' Yon can help him, Charley,1 I said. 'Yoor brother goes down with tfaenight- gnod, and I know his wife's brother is steward aboard, the French packet. Get the captain down witii the goods and smoggie mm aooara. — Here ; mis win make it worth your while.' As I said this, I draw ont the watch and chain from my desk and poshed them, towards Charley. His eyes sparkled, and I' saw the business was as good as done. Charley made a feeble objection to taking snch valuables ; but there was do time for fencing of this kind, so he picked the treasures up, and left, telling the c«ptain to go outside and wait under tbe signal-as dangerous eyes might be npon the box The captain took his advice, after shaking my band, .and saying : ' Bat wbar are yon going to nave tor yonrseu, Waitress!— Well never mind, I will see to that; yon know X will do so, I hope.' ' One thing is quite certain,' I. replied, "'that X would not rob-Miss Cleabyrn of her valuables, iCthey were « hundredfold as valuable.-— Now, don't argne, captain ; bnt go and waft where Charley tolls yon:1 With another clasp. -of my hand, he: went ; and I was mnre nervoos than I ever remember to have been- before' in my "life, imtil the engine: came and com menced. 'shunting;' and then .it. was actually worse. Every nrament l fancied t nnnlil haaw a Bfmrala cni4 - t'tllrtttffht' the engine had never been half so long over its work. Bat it went away atiast ; and its puffing was sttiifruatly heard in . therBstsaayirhBiv wirixmtothSTilightPwt: warning, thwrioor of mybut <was 'thro wn open amXtthere were the strange men «gun.;::> The-leader. wirisimed -fiercely : 'Now yuu,-sir !wfaera la the sum who was hera. just' miw ! We ate iqx to yog. tricks.; Where is -he !, ' HnihX sudmaef his companions, and . whispered to irim: - 'No proof X' he exclaimed;- 'the; seoendralewre ah in nXeagnB together: j A woman with a man was seen coming I towards the box, and where are they % l We will have them ; and yon ton, Mr. I Signalman, if. yon attempt any tricks up on us.' | I conld see that half-measures or timid words wonld not do, so I boldly — in appearance at aoyrate, although I was a good deal frightened — defied him. 1 told him point-blank tbatif ldid know, or cooid know, where the persons he wanted were, I should not tell him. This conduct was the best I conld have adopted ; the party were convinced I knew nothing of tbe fagitiw, and so went away. Bat after they were gone, X . felt horribly nervous ; it had been so near a thing, that I wonld not have passed through the same excitement again for any money. Charley and his friends were true to their trash This was greatly to their credit, as there was a large .reward out which they could bave earned: by a few words ; and tfiey had not been in love with the captain's sweetheart, as I had been. Charley brought me a note oo the next day, written . by the captain on board the French boat and on the day following £ got another from France ; bo lanrenston wag safe. I took an early opportunity of Bering Miss Cleabyrn as she was walking near her home, when I told her how I had disposed of the watch aod chain. She looked at me with her smile, wfaich I remembered so well — remembered then 1 —why, I have not forgotten ft now! — end said I must have my own way ; bnt ehe wonld try to find a mode of conrilitatiog even my disinterestedness : and she did so. 1 heard nothing for some few weeks of aoy of the parties in the affair which bad been so exciting to me ; indeed, Miss Chabyrn mnst have left home directly after tbe interview X have just spoken of, for I never saw her sgiin — not for years, at aoyrate But I had a letter from her, a thing I bad never dreamed wonld happen to me. It was dared from Boulogne, where she bad arrived, she said, the prevons day ; and alter toanxtng me tor my services, and saying that Messrs Primer, her solicitors, had instructions to writs to me, the letter was signed — X conld hardly believe ay eyes 1 — Oswald Lsnreoston and Beatrice Lanreoston ! So the secret was out ! — they were married. When I recalled the little scene in my hat, her passionate, unrestrained farewell, I felt that f ooght to have kson it ; but, if I may indulge in a philosophical reflection, I would say that all throngh . life you are always looking back and blaming yourself for uot having Been more plainly the things which were passing before your eyes. Well, tbis was nearly tbe end of my adventure with Captain Liurenston ; yet : one or two incidents which remain to be told were perhaps as important to me as any that had gooe before. There wob at the end of oar lane a cottage, a nice piece of ground attached ; a great deal superior, indeed, to the others. To my amazement, Messrs Primer, of Lincoln's Inn, sent down a clerk with tbe title- deeds of this house and land, which were actually presented to me as from Captain Liurenston. It made my fortune, I may say. I was married to Patty within rix months, and with her I have been thoroughly happy. Bat it was many a loog day before I told her as much as I have written here. The captain and his wife mbst have had exceilentinfurmation from' etfme one in the neighbourhood of what went on — which was easy enongh, . as they were on friendly terms with old Mr. Cleabyrn — for they sent Patty a beauti ful silk dress and an amethyst brooch as wedding presents. A ft.er a good many years, tbey inuiusu w LiugtoiiUj innjwt uuaiicj 1 k uu had been forced to resign — was dead, and tbe affiir had bl iwn over. They lived a long way off, however, and I ooly biw them ones or twice: When I met Mrs. Lorenstoo, leaning on her husband's arm, or saw her riding in tbe pony curiage with some of her six pretty children, wby, I laughed. But once I coald not bave laughed. 