Adelaide: Tuesday, Feb. 16, 1886. w THE SEVERED HAND.' Now that the crime of conspiring to defraud Insurance Offices is only just pass ing away from the recent recollection of the people of South Australia, the New Zealand public are beginning to enter upon a similar experience. There are im portant differences, it is true, between the cases on . which four persons were tried in Adelaide and the case on which four other persons stand, committed for trial at Christ church. In the . former cases the central fact of the crime consisted in the purchase of a living ghost, and passing him off as a first-class life by the aid of the surgeon ; in the latter all the minor circumstances revolve around the sham drowning; of ; the insured person himself, supplemented by, the. fishing up of ja human fragment which: it was pretended was a part of his body. The distance which separates us from the scene of the alleged crime might appear to render it superfluous to observe the rule that until theiapcused are tried we must not speak of their conduct as a fact, but only as a thing to be proved. Nevertheless it would belong to tell the story without distinctly premising that it is only the Job yet unproved case .for the Crown which is laid before the reader. . Mr. Arthur Robert Howard, who lived at Christchurch, was employed at the Government 'Workshops at Addingtonat 9s. a day, and also had a little free hold of his own, which he sold early in last year to a brother workman. Mr. Howard was a married man, at all events he regarded himself as the lawful husband of Mrs. Howard, none the leJBS though the - validity of . the marriage ceremony was about to come in question in a cause pending in the Supreme Court. To provide for the lady he insured bis life in her favour for £1,000 in the Govern ment Assurance Association. , This was in January, 1884, _ and . was, followed next September by a policy of the like amount in the 'Mutual,' and in January last by : another policy in the '' Accident' for, £400. These policies were all so warded, as, by virtue of recent legislation, to entitle the wife to the sum insured irrespective of any assignment or will or letters of administration. ' Having borne the burden., of the '(several premiums for some time without deriving, any benefit from: them, it occurred to Mr. Howard early in October last to go to bathe atja dangerous place, full of placarded warn ings to bathere, known as Stunner Beach, I where, he reported ; thit his plunge was curtailed by an encounter with a shark. Confident, however, in his : powers as a swimmer, which were great, Mr. Howard, on Saturday; October 10, chose, apparently *-ui of bravado, tie very same Bpot in which to disport himself, notwithstanding the roughness of the sea. But the pitcher went' to the water once too often, for Mr. Hotrard was never seen to reappear. The beach was searched and the bottom was dragged in vain, and Cave Bock, to which corpses were usually drifted by the current, did not intercept the body of: Arthur: Howard. There upon the shore lay his garments, neatly folded as he had left them on leaping into the waves, and contributed their mute testi mony to the death of their ownerl Howard's place seemed to know him no more, and people pitied the widow, and were thankful that she was insured. She herself was inconsolable, and lamented without ceasing that she should ' be deprived of the power of following her husband's remains to the grave, and this sorrow was not diminished by the fact that without the production of at least some fragments, some* disjecta membra, of the body of the departed,! the Insurance -7empanies would not pay the £2,400. Accordingly she advertised £50 reward for4he^body or _ for the first part of it which could be reoogniaed. Two months elapsed during - which' the shores of the fatal Bpot were often searched, but without gratifying the affectionate desires of the widow. On December 16, however, which was Anniversary Day, it occurred to Mr. Elisha Godfrey, who was a oook at the Lunatio Asylum, to take a boat, and go fishing opposite Sumner Beach and among the neighbouring rocks. He was accompanied by his two boys, by his brother Frederick (who is a storekeeper), andby two youngfriends. The youngsters, after the manner of their kind, shook the elders off, and drifted away, while the two senior Godfreys found themselves exactly at the place where, if any fragment remained of the deceased and almost forgotten Howard, it might bo expected to be iound. Except a solitary stranger, who afterwards gave the name of Watson, there was hardly any one near. Whether the Godfreys were think ing of Howard or not it is impossible to say , but suddenly, on passing a spot, which they had several timeB passed before, one of them saw a human hand. A human hand was what met their view, lying just a yard above the water's edge at a place where the receding tide must have left it. Their thoughts recurred to poor Howard. There was a ring on the finger, but the fingor was so swollen that the ring would not come off; but, when it could be got off, some inscription on the inside might show to whom it had belonged. At all events, few fragments of a human body could be so capable of identification, and the men rejoiced in the prospect of the widow getting her money. The stranger came up a moment after and took a kindly interest in their discovery, and drew a newspaper from his pocket for them to carry the hand in. They at once left oft' fishing .'and took the. hand to the police. They wanted no reward, they Baid, and would be only too happy to think that the widow would have her money. This, indeed, seemed likely to be tlio case, for the widow recognised the hand as the hand of her late husband, and fainted at the sight She also recognised the ring, and said the initials 'A. H.' would be found marked on the inside. On the 17th of December there was an inqueBt on the hand, but it was adjourned for a medical report. Ten doctors examined the hand, and some of them partially dissected it. It was a left hand. If it had been a right hand it would nob have been Howard's, for Howard had no thumb on the right hand, while this hand was perfect. It was only 7£ inches long from the wrist to the end of the fore finger, and was only 81 inches round the KnucKies ; duc tne surgeons am not report that it was a woman's hand. It was severed above the wrist, but the report did not Bay it was not bitten off by a ahark. There were some marks of decomposition, but the doctor did not report that it had been longer under earth than under water. Nevertheless the police took to opening graves to see where the hand had come from. They also arrested the widow and the two Godfreys, and circulated among the force a description of the drowned man, for whose arrest the Insurance Offices privately offered a reward. Against the three accused persons already under the charge there was given just sufficient evidence to justify a succession of remands, until on January 4 laat Mr. Alfred Howard was brought into Court and stationed alongside of his widow and the two men who had found a portion of his body. He had been arresto at Petone, a suburb of Wellington, a town 70 miles off, and in the Northern Island. On the evening of the drowning a Mr. John Blair Watt took his passage by the Bteamer to Wellington. Unlike the drowned man, he had dark, straight hair, only a tuft instead of a bushy beard, .and; a dark moustache instead of a fair one, while a pair of ' goggles' con cealed his eyeB. Nevertheless, the pas aenger was Mr. Howard. Arrived at Wellington, he earned his living honestly and behaved with a good deal of discre tion,' and might have remained there Bafely till now if he had not gone to a trade picnic, where a too clever oonstable took note of the missing thumb. So complete indeed was his disguise that ho returned to Summer Beach in an excur sion boat for Anniversary Day, and acted the part of the stranger who took so much interest in the discovery of the hand by the Godfreys, and lent them the news paper in which to wrap it. The police of Christchurch, though he was their own townsman and was advertised, with all his marks, in the police circular, failed to recognise him, and he returned in safety to Wellington, to fall the prey of a simple constable. In Wellington ho had even been taken to the station in custody on a trumpery charge, and set at liberty without being recognised. At lastj how ever, he stands committed for trial along with his wife and the two Godfreys, the Iatterthreebeingout on bail: The evidence adduced for the prosecution is to the effect above stated, and, as will be seen, it does riot press very hard upon the God freys, but shows a strong case against the Howards. And here ends the first act of the drama,, which the New Zealandera aro pleased to call 'The Mystery of the Severed Hand.' 