MIC.%1, AND <iI5\K K A K IfiSPECTOBSHIP OF POLICE.— T he Up poiutmeut to the Chief Inspectorship of Police is, we understand, to be settled today. W a iiope that llie' ^liny-try will realise their ctonstitutiopal jrikilege, and do the straight thing for the couotry, by selecting the beBtarkilablemaxi—without any ear-wigging whatever. City Folic so’otr«Tu—In liie City ^Police Court this morning the Jliayor^na- Alderman Crisp occupied‘fhV’BeDcli'. Johu Dawson'and 'H arriet McCarthy wereach fined 5*, or seven days in gsol, f> having disturbed t r pokee in tliojmbli streets on Saturday. iasU^^JohP dealt with iu a like manuer for liarng been drunk and incapable in Bathurst treet on Saturday evening. Thorons ales was ordered to pay a fine of 10s Gd in default fourteen days’imprisonment, or being drunk and disorderly in iverpool street on the 9th inst. William ates, for having created a disturbance the Central Hotel on Saturday night, etwt-eu 11 and 12 u’clock, wus fi'icd 10s I. The Court then rose. Klsctbic E xhibition — This exhibiion was largely patrouised on Saturday ight. There were a number of new rticles ou view, and an exp-sure of the agnetic lady secret was made. Tbe Egyptian Queen and the Marionettes attracted much attention. I nquest.—An iuquest was held on Saturday last, at the Woodpecker Inn, Harrington street, before Dr. E. L. Crowi her, coroner, and a jury of seven, the body of John Smith, aged 7r seaman, wbo died in his daughter's house, Warwick street, on Friday mormug last. Dr. Giblin deposed that he made a postmortem examination of the body, and lound that death had resulted from disease of the heart, accelerated by pleuritic effusion into tbe chest, and chronic bronchitis. Frances D. Hanlon, gbter of the deceased, stated that her father had been ill for some time pa«t, jind_tliat ue died at 4.50 on the morning question. The jury returned a verdict accordance with the medical testi­ mony. Distoubing the Stbeets.—A correpondent writes: —“ Considerable annoyiiice was caused to citizens generally oc Saturday afternoon by a noisy combination, calling itself a circus, parading the streets with a band in an odd-looking vehicle, and frightening one or two horses Restrictions are placed upon the Calvation Army, and why should any other bo !y of people have the right to disturb the streets with a set of bilious-looking sical instruments, especially during the busy portion of the ufternoon. Besides this, a tent Las been erected iu e prominent part of the city, and those who are quietly disposed, and those anxious ro obtaiu a little rest after their day’s wurk, have the satisfaction of having forcibly to listen to “ music” and other pleasantries, such as would cause tho ghost of the lamented Beethoven to turn iu his grave.” Pbodates. — The following probates have been granted Robert Henry to Robert Henry and Edward Maber,£150; homas Joseph Doolan to Jane Doolan. 4*25; John Bain to Edward Glock and ohn IbbotS'-n, £69 ; William Johnson to illiam George Beaumont, £256 atrick Colbert to Bridget Johnston 335 5 John Wilkinson to Frank Dickonand Arthur Joseph Chapman, £2341: Fortune Guillois to Edward Maher Willium Burgoyne, £467- Letters f administration of the goods of William eorge John Shelvortou have been ranted to Catherine tihelvcrton, the state being sworn uuder £210. N obtu-Webt Bay —A correspondent writes:—iesierday my •* church” ap* poiutment took me to North-West Bay, and as it was my first rem it flood 1 had an opportunity of witnessing the terrible havee made by the ‘ rising waters.’ In a paddock of oats could be seen huge boulders that have beeu washed down tUc creek, while all around were great trees und Jogs Garden fences were carried away here aud there, and in some ensrs the gales were lodge! on a neighboring farm Altogether, the 6cffnc presented a sad spectacle of tfic power of uncontrolled water. I understand that although ih farmers suffered a considerable loss they put up with it without grumbling, accepting the splendid supply of firewood as a sort of compensation. Our correspondent adds After viewing the ‘flood wreck.’ ray jovial host, Mr N. Lucas, invited me to go and sec tbe ffocls of the hot day wc experienced last week. On proceeding to the church lie pointed out two sperm candles that had been literally melted iu thn shade. the old gentleman remarked,' ‘One hardly knows what to do now* a-days. First the weather is cold enough to e you, then wet enough to drown aud fiaully, hot enough to melt ou.' “ Tub Coffee Palace Scheme.- T he cheme for fsiahlisbitg a n il’-e oaluce Hobart seeuis to drag itself along wi'h ircc-ly half the speed which choruc erised the wounded snake that Pope trod need into his Alexandrine. We requently hear of meetings bring eld, of shares having been sold, of plans eing thought of, or in course of prepara of having been prepared, but at n sent the arr&Dgemcuis; seem to have standsti 1 Wc believe that side efforts have been made o tiring the scheme to a practical but the fact nevertheless remains liut the outcome so far has been really othing. Hopes had been expressed hat the Palace would beau fa it accompli /ason. hat ias’ead of that the liuudbuilding which was to be is eviently still iu the clouds. Consider, ng ibe enortiious success which similar utions lure attained in Sydney and Adelaide, and especially in Melbourne, his is to be greatly regretted, for the ant of an establishment conducted on he lines of those referred to, has been . in Hobart ever since it became kind of rendwouz for holidayseekers from the opposite side of Straits. Wc suppose that it is useless to cxi.ect anything further to he done 'hi" year, \ ul wc hope that those who have the matter in hand will push rrangenicnts forward, so that before j months have passed the Hobart CoflVc Palace may become a reality Kabwjg Tiur.—Wi h reference to our local in Saturday’s issue, MrCastruy ins that it was in the garden of Mr Manning, ►on., at Sandy Bay, that the trap for earwigs had been tried with so much success, where in &couple; of days :U bad been entrapped sufficient to till h 5-gallon cask. Mr Custray further stales that he is iudebted to Mr Manning thn design cf this simple, but most tueful. appliance. IIiveu K xcubsions. — The favorite steamer Monarch will make au excursion to New Norfolk on Wedm-slay next, leaving the Franklin wharf ut 9 a m. Ample time will be ufforded to visit the Hntmon Ponds, hop gardens, and other places of interest. Tho b.b. Huon, und< charter to the Drapers and Grocers Association, will nuke a trip do river on the same day, leaving the wharf at 2 15 pm. UXITBBBIL PilAYEB MEETING.—TllC l&kt; meeting of united and universal prayer will he held to-night io Chalmers’ Church Addresses will be givon by the Rev. H. E. Merriman and Mr W. Smith. R a in f a l l —During last month there were 11 wet days in Hobart, and four in Launceston. The quantity of lain registered in inches was 1 77 forthc city and 3 77 for the town. T h e C olle en B aw n W b eck a o b. — Yesterday two hats ami a basket belonging to the ricti ns in the Colleen Bawn disaster, which occurred on Tuesday last, Acre washed ashore and picked u heach. No vestige of any of the other bodies has yet been seen, aud it is feared that they have been washed away, so that further search with grapnels is deemed useless Tbe iiosilion of tlio sunken vessel has been inirke.l, and wc hcartlut an effort will shortly be maie tier • Rev. A. G a b d in e b , M.A —The able and eloquent minister of tho Glebe Presbyterian Cburcli, Sydney, occupied tho pnlpitof fit. Andrew's Church at both services yesterday, and preached to good cong egations. Hi* discourses, while logical, were fervent and evangelical lone, and were delivered entirely without ilia aid of notes, and with the ease end grace of manner of a pr&clieil; speaker. Though extending hayc-nd the ordinary sermon length, Mr Gardiner scoured tuo close attention of his hearers from beginning to end. The pB&lmody; was & noteworthy feature of the services. Tbe choir, which ir under perfect training, led the singing in an extremely pleasing manner. Dead Fish.—A groat many dead fish nd sharks were seen lying along the Fhore up at Dog Point yesterday, opposite to where the Colleen Bawn disaster occurred on Tuesday last. The fish aud sharks are supposed to have died from the effects of the lime which the steamer had on board. One salmon, weighing about 121bs was also seen dead. Vital Statistics.—During the month of December, 145 births—71 males and 4 females-were registered in tbe districts of Hobart and Launceston. This shows a decrease of eleven births as «m]>ared with the corresponding month last year; and an increase of 24‘GO as compared with the average of the births registered in December during the last five-yearly period. To every iJOOof the population of the two districts the proportions of births registered were as follows:—For Hobart, 303; for Launceston, 2*89; all, 2*91. The deaths registered in December in Hobart and Launceslon, numbered 110-68 males ►nd 52 females. 26 deaths, or 23 G4 per cent, of tbe whole,took place in public institutions. The total number of deaths registered in the two districts during December, 1885, is less than that for the corresponding month last year by 25, and shows at increase of 9 20 as compared with the average number of deoths registered in December during the last five-yearly period. To every 1000 of the populati of the respective divisions the vvoportion of deaths registered weic as follows : - Hobart, 1*30; Launceston. 2*41; all, 2 21. The deaths under five years of ego number 30, or 32*73 per cent., of which 29 were under 1 year of age ; the deaths between 5 and 70 years oE age numbered 47, or 42 73 per cent; and the deaths 70 years and upwards numbered 27, 24*55 per cent. Snaeb Bites—This being tbe season for snake/*, and they are very plentiful just now. wc publish the following antidote which Mr Alfred Taylor, wbc has given some consideration to the sub ject. believes to be the best which he has bcaid of as an application in cases of emergency:—"Have always handy bottle of spirits of ammonia and some powdered ipecicusnha. When bitten c it tin wound so as to make it bleed fre Jf, tin a ligature above the wound, make a poultice of the ipecacuanha powder by mixing it with the ammonia, and bind it upon the wound. Take in a srinoglassful of water 30 dropB of ammonia, and continue to lake the dor while the pulse is low. Half this do' may be given to a child. Then seek the assi-tancc of the nearest medical It is a foo’ish thing to maim the hand by cliopp:ng the finger off if bitten. Tin poultice should be kept m nst with th< spirits of ammon'a.” Mr Taylor wishes us to state that he will be ob'iged to anyone who will seni him h few live snakes with which to con'iuclcxp',riments. F unebal Skuvice —Ycsterd«y the pulpit in King street church was draped in mourning, as m i expression of resppet for the memory of Mrs H. D. Pierce. In liis sermon, the Rev I. H. Palfreyman spoke of the deceased as ono who look a special interest in theorg«ui#ati<*n and prosperity of their church and Sabbath school, and paid a graecfu1 tribute to her worth as a kind and selfdenying Christian woman. The service was very impressive, many being moved to tears. Tjjinity Ciiuncn.— A incerine of the memb'rs of the congregation will b- held in the schoolroom on Thursday evening next, ot 7.30, to appoint churchwarden* for the year 1886; and to elect two lay repn sentatives for the parish to serve in the Pioc san Synod. After the above business has been disposed of, tbe annual meeting of the parochial branch of the church will take place. The Congbeoaiional Baziae.—The bszmr which is to be formally openod this afternoon in the Town Hall in connection with the Davey street Church nd the Harrington street Congregaions! Sunday School ii being ari£"d. in order that ic nmy he dr for the opening ceremony this afterno n. Owing*lo rome difficulty, the arrangements appear to be a little backward. and the stalls arc not yet in p'arp, hut the promoters hope to have everything in good order by the time that visitors arrive. Notonlythe mainhallitself bat tbe two nnte-room«. which were used forthc Ait Association’s Exhibition hare been secured, and if the tout ensemble be nnithng like wln.1 lias already been done, the b azm tlimiM be one of the most successful of its kind that ha« yet been lu-ld in Hobarl The hull had be*n nicely decorated for the occasion, flags and greenery blc at every appropriate point, the stalls are being arranged so as to be as nicely set off ss nos-ible, oonsi-lcnt with iho exigencies of the promenade, a multitude of almost every description of funey articles has been secured in order to give viricty a« we l as quantity to the scene, and the bevy ot young ladies in attendance are working tlu-ir hardi st to allow nothine to be undone by lieu Geo Clarke is ready to do the opening honors The tableaux 'vants, to be given during the evenings of the week, will form not the least attractive feature of Iho thow. F lowbb Snow,—The Summer Show connection with tb“ Horticultural Society will b^ held on Wednesday at the Exhibition Building, as will be -n hy advertisement in another coll it judging by the amount of prizes ofcd there should be keen competition.The icerR of the society deserve every ...line for the way they have worked the shows up to their present popularity, some three or four years ago the Town Hall was quite largo enough for their exhibition, and at last ah. w the Exhibition Building was found iequate for the space required. Among i special features for this show, wc icc that the following exhibits will be judged by tho public by ballot, vi Kpergnc, gcnl lemon's buttonholes, floral device, hand bridal, wild flower, water bouquets, in the afternoon, and plants. fruit, flowers, ond vegetables will be given away by lottery in the evening. Afternoon, ten, strawb rries, aud raspberries and cream will he provided, and no doubt will be appro cintcd hy the ladies. We are also re qucBtcd to draw attention to the advertisement rc Class J>, fruit chcdulc, and alsc to No. 13 in special i list. St- J ohn’s Cnuacir, Nuw T own.— Meetings of the members of the congregation oc fit. Joliu’s Church. New Town, will bo held in tho Sunday School building to-morrow evening at 8 and 9 o’clock for the purnnsc of appointing church wardens for the present year, the election of two representative* for the parish i the Diocesan fijnod, and other busincra E lwick B acks,—It will be seen in oi advertising relua.es thxt tbe sale -of booths at KWick will late place torow* forenoon, st Messrs Guesacn and Westbrook's auction mart, Collins street, at 11 30 Mount Cambqok Hydbaclic Bace.— Tfro representative* from the Mount ’ameron Company hare had an hit rview with the Minister for Lands (with whom vas M r Douglas) with regard to the purchase of tins water. After s^mc disl UBbion Mr Brown pointed out llmt the rendition* imposed uy the Council pi eluded the Government from dealing w ith the matter on the conditions desired hy the company. CrcLiNO,—The bicycle test r«r choose the Tasmanian representatives who arc to compete at the forthcoming Intercolonial Championship at Mrlbourne at the the cod of the month, will be run for on tho Upper Cricket Ground uu Wcloesday afternoon next. There 11 also be three handicap races aud a quarter-mile foot race. Hr Geo. Parrant, Taisimuiian Dye WorkB, No. 41 sn it-clivee styW, nail o o Hint crcrj description of dye: Purify the reeten 1L« llio brentb * willi Dop Uit Co.'s only pi 