HOME EULE. 'to be o'e not to be. It is an impressive spectacle this (says the Dublin Fbeehan's Joitenaii, March 20)— a Nation waiting for the verdict by which its Future is to be decided. Will Gladstone go boldly and honestly for Home Eule? This is' really the question, and the only ques tion. If he do, the success of the great struggle for Irish freedom— the struggle waged fox cen turies with varying fortune, but with unvarying resolution — rapidly approaches a successful close. The omens are propitious. We can hardly doubt that if he means well he can do well. The great storm that raged so fiercely in England a few months ago is blowing itself away. The dark clouds are already lifting on the political horizon. The fierce chorus of ' Never ! never !' that was raised when the question b£ Irish nationality was first mooted has toned down to a faint, intermittent murmur of ' Not just yet, if you please.' Even if his colleagues desert him, Mr. Gladstone can win without their assistance, if. he ohoae ; but if he march boldly forward his colleagues will not desert him in the combat. Gladstone wields the popular favour as the old Jove of the pagans wielded the thunderbolts to strike down the giants and lesser deities who rebelled aeainst his authority. He has caught the imagination of the English people as no man of thia century has done. He is a mighty magician, and the ebb and flow of the great tide of Democracy is obedient to his will. The cause of Irish Nationality has never been pleaded to English ears, because it never has been pleaded by English tongues, to 'whom alone an impartial hearing would be accorded. Will Gladstone do this great work and so crown hit* glorious eareerP His strong hand has hewed down Irish grievances in the old time, but after all it was but the shoots and saplings he at tacked P The parent trunk of the cursed upas tree still flourishes fruitful of all evil. Shall not the axe at length be laid to its roots by the same vigorous woodman, undeterred by the tiutterings and the sereaminga of the chat tering magpies and the voracious vultures that have found shelter, amid its boughs? Aa we look back through the long avenue of our country's history there is gloom and ahadow over all. Here and there across the darkness flit the white ghosts of those who bravely died in the vain effort to achieve their country's free dom. Aa we turn our face's forward, even now, we think we see dimly shining afar off the light they sought. We know not if it be the real light or but a mocking and vanishing delusion, but this we do know — the Irish people will march steadily forward on the roadway to Free dom ; they will not wander from the track or slumber by the wayside ; they will not faint or falter until the eoal is gained. 