ÍTKDER FAIfiE PROTENüRW A NOVEL, BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jacobi'« Wife," "Martin Deve- rill Diamond," SK. ¡ CHAITEB, XVm,-Continued. _ I Hugo thought of that tone and of the conversation many times before fae left London i next «venin«. He »ai rather an adept at the discovery of small mysteries; he liked to draw conclusions from a series of small events, and to ferret out other people's secrets. He thought that he was now upon the track of some design of Vivian's, and he became exceedingly curious about it If it had been , possible to open the box without disturbing the seals upon it, he would certainly have done sb ; but, this, being out of the question, he contented himself with resolving to be present wheo it was opened, and to observe with care the effect produced by Vivian's message on the faces of Mrs. Heron, Miss Heron, and Miss Murray. He reached Dunmnir (where the nearest station to his aunt's house was situated) at eleven o'clock in the morning. Mrs. Luttrel' had sent the mail- phsston for him. As Huf» took ¿he reins and glanced at the sbinirg harness and the lustrous coats of the beautiul bays, ho could not help remembering the .ay when the mail-photou had lost been sent to bring him from the station. Richard had then sat in the place that he now occupied, fJ^Annelahesjdehim ; and Brian and Hugo ^^^hea abd kalked'fl the bock, and wm os merry as they well cUlld be. Nearly two years ago I What changeV bad been seen since then 1 The bays were fidgetty, and would not ?tart at once. Hugo was jiisV shouting a hasty direction to the groom atNH}»lr heads when he happened to glance aside' towards the station door where two or three ¡ersons were standing. The groom had Gausi. to wonder what was the matter. Hugo gavS^ the reins a tremendous jerk, which brought 1 the horses nearly upon their haunches, and then let them go at such a pace that it seemed as if he had entirely lost control over them. | But he was a very good whip, aud soon mastered the fiery creatures, reducing their mad speed by degrees to a gentle trot, which enabled the groom to overtake them, panting and red in the face, indeed, as be swung him- self up behind. The groom was inclined to think that Mr, Hugo had lost his nerve for a few moments ; for " his face turned as white,' bqnest John remarked aferwards, " as if be hud seen a ghost." "John." said Hugo, after driving for a good two milbe in silence, " who was that gentleman at the station door !" " Gentleman, sir ?" " A young man-at least, he feewsd young -in a great-coat." «T"^V. "Oh! -I don't think that's'a yottn&ü, gentleman, exactly ; leastways ho's got grey hair. That's the gentleman that teaches at Mr. Heron's, sir ; Mr. Heron, th", uncle to Miss Murray that has the properly now. His name's Mr. Stretton, sir. I asked Mr. Herod's coachman." ** What made you ask ?" The groom hesitated and shuffled ; but, upon being kept sharply to the point, avowed that it was because the gentleman " seen from behind" looked so much like Mr. Brian Luttrell. " Of course his face is quite different from Mr. Brian's, sir," he said, hastily, noting a shadow upon Hugo's brow ; " and he has grey hair and a beard, and all that ; bnt Ins walk was a little like poor Mr.' Brian's, sir, I thought." ? Hugo was silent. He had not noticed the man's gait, but, in spite of tl« grey hair, the tanned complexion, the brown beard-which had lately, been allowed to cover the lower part of Mr. Stretton's face, and hod changed lt very greatly-in Bpite of all these things he had noticed, and been startled by, the expression of a 'pair of grave, brown eyes graver aud sadder than Brian's eyes used to B, but foll of the tenderness and the sweet-' -Bose ttrat~HuiioUti never seen in' the fane of any other man. Full also of recognition ; there was the rub. A man who knows you cannot look at you in the same way os one who knows you not, aud it was this look of knowledge which had unnerved Hugo, and made him doubt the evidence of bis own He wes etitl silent and absorbed when he arrived at Netherglen, and felt glad to hear that he was not to see his aunt until later in the dav. Angela caine to meet him at the door ; she was pale, and her black dress made her look very slender and fragile, but abe had the old sweet smile and pleasant words of welcome for him^and could not understand why his face was spjgloomy, and his eyes so obstinately averted tram her awn. . It was four o'clock in the afternoon when Hugo was admitted to Mrs. Luttrell's sitting room. He had scarcely sein ber since the death of her eldest son, and was manifestly startled and 'shocked to see her looking so much more aged and Worn than she had been two years ago. She greeted him much after ber usual fashion, however ; she allowed him to touch her smooth, cold cheek with his lips, and take her stiff hand into his own, but she showed no trace of any softening emotion. "Sitdown, Hugo," she said. " I am sorry to have brought you away from your friends."' "Oh, I was glad to come," said Hugo, confusedly. " I was not with friends ¡ I was. In town. It was late for town, but I-I had bushiest." "This house is no longer a cheerful one,"' continued Mrs. Luttrell, in a cold, monotonous, voice. " There are no attractions for young: mes now. It has been a house of mourning. Ï could not expect you to visit rae." "Indeed, Aunt Margaret, I would have come if I bad known that y ou wanted me," said Hugo, wondering whether his tardiness, would entail the loss of Mrs. Luttrell's money. He recovered his self-possession and, his. fluency at thia thought ; if danger ware near, it behoved him to be on the alert. " I have waited," said Mrs. Luttrell. "But I could wait. I knew that you would come in time. Now, listen to what I have to say." Hugo held his breath. What could she say that needed all thir preamble ? "Hugo Luttrell, his aunt began,, very, delibeiately, "youare a poor man, and, an ^rajavagant one." * ?«; Hugo smiled, and bowed his headt But you are only extravagant. You are eoi-rWH^pYou have never done adishonour able thing-one for which you need blush or fear to meet the eye of an honest' man? Answer me that, Hugo. I may know what yon mill say, but I want to hear it from your own Ups." Huco, did not flinch. His face assumed the boyish innocence of expression which had often, stood Um in good Btead" Bis great, dark eyes looked boldly into hers. "That is all true, Aunt Margaret. I may have done foolish things,, but nothing worse. I have been extravagant, as you say, bat I have not been dishouourable." He could not have dared to say so much ' if Richard or Brian had buen alive to contradict him ; but they were safely out of the way and be could say what he chose. " Then I can trust you, Hugo." " I will try to bc worthy of your trust, Aunt Margaret." He beut down to kiss her hand in his grace- ful, foreign fashion ; but she drew it somewhat hastily away. " No, None of your Sicilian ways for me, Hugo. That foreign drop in your blood is just what I hate. But you're the only Luttrell left ; and I hope I know mv duty. I want to have a talk with you about the bouse and the property and so on." " I shall be glad if I can do anything to 1 help you," said Hugo, smoothly. His cheek waa beginning to flush ; he wished that his \- .aunt would come to the point. Suspense was ; very trying I But Mrs. Luttrell seemed to be in no hurry. «'You know, perhaps," she said, "that I r am a, tolerably rion woman still. The land, tts fanns, and the moors, and all that part of <. j_------Peéentimental nonaense^^^B pliedyaHPtir't'1 * perceptible iocree^^H timidness of her manner. "The quel^H I [g viii yon agree to the conditions on wb^H I reave my money to you ?" ^fl "I will do anything tn my power Murmured Hugo. V " I want you, then, to arrange to spend aCT least half the year with me here, You can ¡ leave the army ; I do not think that it is a profession that suits you. Live here, and fill I the place of a son to me. I have no sons left. I Deas like one of them as it is in your power to be " < tn spite of himself Hugo's face fell. Leave I the army, leave England, bary himself for half the year with an old woman in a secluded spov which, although beautiful in summer I arionutumn, wasanspeakablydrearyin winter? She had not required se much of Bichard or Brian ; why should she ask for such a ; sacrifice from him f talk of leaving] Mn. Luttrell watched bis laos, ana reao pretty clearly the meaning ot the various ex pressions which chased each other across it. " It seems a hard thing to you at first, nc doubt," «he said, composedly. "Bot yo« would find interests and amusement in coure» foi time. You would have six months of thi year in which to go abroad, or to divertyour Bslf in London. You Bhould have a sutEcien' income. And my other condition is that yoi marry>a soon as.you'can find a suitable wife,' "MaWy' Said Hugo, in dismay. "] never thought of mxmage 1" " You will think of it some time, I presume An early marriage is good for young men I should like to see you married, and bavi your children growing up about me," - " Perhaps you have thought of a suitable lady t" said Hugo, with a half sneer, 'ihi prospect that had seemed so desirable at first was now very lowered in his estimation, ant he did not disguise the sullen anger that hi felt. But he hardly expected Mrs. Luttrell1! answer. " Yes, I have." " Indeed ! Who is it?" " Miss Murray. Elizabeth Murray, b whom your cousin's estates have gone." What sort of a person is slie !" «^jk>ung, boautiful, rich. A little olde: than yttjrself, hut not much. You wouh make a fig>^0UPle' H""" "ll* IIWMTHTTM me the otltdBay^ffiilyou would have thought she was a pmcess." " I shoukif like to eec her,'' said Hugo', thoughtfully. ? . ^ '', " Wei), you must just go and oalL And then you can think the matter over and ]'?: me know. I'm in no hurry for a dscision." " You are very good, Aunt Margaret." " No. I am only endeavouring to»be just. I should like to see you prosperous and happy, And, while you are here, you will oblige me by considering yourself the master of the house, Hugo. Give your, own orders, and invite your own friends.". Hugo murmured some slight objection.. " It will not affect my comfort in the least, I kept some of the horses, add -one jot two vehicles that I thought you would like, ' UBB them all. You wiu not expect to see very much of me ; I seldom come downstairs, so the house will be free for you and your friends. When you have decided what you mean to do, Jet «16 toj/l&fij;&t;!*:,? Hugd thanked lier and retired; He did taft see her again until the following evening, When she met him with a question. " Have you seen Miss Murray yet J" " Yea," Bald Hugo, lowering hts eyes. " And have you camcto any decision Î" " Yea" " I should like to know what it is," said Mrs. Luttrell. Her hauda, which were crossed before her ou her knees, trembled a little as she said the words. Hugo hesitated for a moment, "I have made my decision," be said at l*st, in a firm voice, " and it is one^that I know I shall never have cause to repent. Aunt Mar- garet, I accept your kind-your generous after, and I will be to you as a son. He had prepared his little speech SO care- fully that it scarcely sounded artificial when it issued from those curved, beautiful lips, aud was emphasized by the liquid softness of his Southern eyes. (To be Continued.) 