Madagascar. A CORRESPONDENT writing to the Madagascar Times gives this description of a "Tour up the East Coast":—"I have not, been able to give you any news since last March, as I have been in TaraataVe, and the French open or steal pwp!e >8 letters. Once I received two papers two days after the letters had been de livered, and after the postmaster had told me there was nothing for me. All my Malagasy Oazettes have been stolen from the packets. About Taraatave there is little to say that is not well known to you all. The French are tired of the war, and are dying with fever like flies. I never saw a day in Tamatave without two or three funerals, soldiers or inhabitants. About two or three weeks before I left it was reported that fifty-four French soldiers died at Vohimar in the space of a week with a kind of cholera. A band of ' disciplinaireo' (about 150) were landed at Tamatave, but had to be sent back to Reunion after two or three weeks* stay. All the volunteers have finished their time, and not a single one agreed to renew his engagement. This vexed the Admiral, and so he kept them there against their will. It was reported that a French officer received a ball through the neck at Diego Su&rez; when they attacked that fort. If anyone wishes to starve left him go to Tamatave. You cannot get a piece of beef except as a favour, and paying Is. a pound for it, and three quarters bone. Eggs ten for a dollar. In fact, Tamatave is a place where no one can stay for several reasons. Many foreigners are leaving Tamatave, and most of the French (those who signed the petition) are praying God to see the war over. They aro all saying, 'Where are the good times wo had with the Hovas ?' and ' How glad we should be if we were British subjects." Now it appears they have discovered their mistake and regret what they have done. The Jesuit priests have a good time of this war. They are sowing disorder in every family in Tama tave by taking their servants for catechism, and the women also; but the women go at another time of tho day. Two priests, Father Chevalier and Lacombe, came to me about five or six times to take avr&y; the natives in my em ploy ; but I was »t length obliged to threaten to put them ««t of my house, and then they left me «uiet until I left. They have the reputation of carrying on tho most scandalous doings. They have no children at school, and wish to debauch all people's servants. It appears that they are the principal people desirous of seeing the. war over, as they are afraid the Protestant missionaries will take away all their Jidtles. I was always sur rounded by certain people who call themselves British subjects trying to find out what was going on, and at last one told me that I had better leave Tamatavo as soon as possible. I merely replied ' Ail right, let them turn mo out.' I next mado a trip to St. Mary Island, taking a passage on board the French man-of war Komanche. It would require a ream of paper to relate the disorder existing on board of her. I was treated most shamefully. As soon as wo left Tamatave an officer came to me and ordered mo to go forward, and I was obliged to stay on deck among sheep and cows, and during tho whole night I could not find a place to shelter myself from the rain, and I was wet through. The next morning they kept me until 10 before they gave me a passage to go ashore, although wo had arrived soon after midnight. Nothing surprised me so much as to hear the quarrels between officers and crew. It is shameful for Franco to have such men to represent her. I preferred to re turn to Tamatavo on board a small schooner. After nearly three months in Tamatave I paid a two days' visit to Fenoarivo. From there I went to Manaharana, where I was well received by the Governor, who gave me a bullock, as well as geese, ducks, fowls, and rice. From Manaharana I paid a visit to Maroant aetra, whore a cordial reception was given me by the Governor and officers. I then came here, where I was received in a manner uttorly beyond all ray expectations. The day after I landed the Lieutenant- Governor came down to visit me, and welcomed me with presents, in- . eluding a bullock. After my ship left I went up country to visit the Governor at Ambohit sara. Here, too, I was welcomed to a well prepared breakfast. How different were the receptions made to me by the Hovas and the one the French gave me! At Tamatave I was like an enemy, a spy, a ghost, and still I was among civilised men (so I am told), and here, where I am amongst barbarians (as tho French Bay), I feel happy as amongst friends. If all the foreigners in this country had known how to behave themselves I am sure everyone would find himself like me, for it is very easy to live in good relations with the Hovas." It is stated that some of the Edison incan descent lamps in the Theatre Royal, Man- Chester, have been in constant use for over two and a-half years, which gives a life of over 5000 hours. Five tuousaxd peoplo blockaded Monroe street, from Lasallc to Clark, Chicago, on 28th October, at 6 o'clock, and but for the dex terity of a couple of policemen would have hanged A. J. Burns to a lamp- post. Shortly before tho employes of the offices and printing establishments of the neighbourhood were released from their day's labours, a young well- dressed man entered the hall-way of the building in which the offices of R. G. Dun and Co. are located, and leaned against the wall, as though waiting for someone. Pie closely watched the employes streaming down the stairs, until catching sight of two young women walking arm-in-arm he sprang forward, drow a revolver, fired two shots in quick suc cession, and dashed out. Tho street was crowded with people going home from business. An officer promptly seized him and walked back to the scene where the two women lay in sensible on-the sidewalk. At the sight of the would-be slayer tho crowd became furious and attempted to tear him from his captor. Some body cried, " Lynch him!" The officers hustled the prisoner through an alloy to tho station. The crowd attempted to follow, but jammed itself fust in tho narrow passage-way. The wounded women were taken to the hos pital, where it is thought their wounds are fatal. The shooting, it is alleged, was cowardly revenge taken by a former fellow employe of R. G. Dun's office on the two women, who, claiming that he had insulted them a day or two ago, caused his discharge. The young man, A. J. Burns by name, called at the office to-d.ay, and was told that if lie would apologise to the women, who ar« sisters named Mrs. Jtay Good and Lillian Walter, ho would be reinstated. Bum.s left and was not s.-«cn again until ho was a-.-ru-ittid. Ai.-s. <-;:;d J w.i..j hlilc in tlic iini.'k. Her nislor received a j bullet in tho sido of tl'.p hrad. Biirnn raises | to make any statement. In 1884 the nominal strength of the army of Greece was about 30,000 men; and of the navy about "600 men. Fkom 1871 to May 1S84; inclusive, the French Government has expended on the pur chase of pictures and sculptures by living artists 12,700,413 francs, averaging more than 900,000 francs per annum. The Paris Vaudeville Theatre has just adopted a very clever invention, by means of which each seat can be at once folded up into the thickness of 3in., rest for the arms and likewise a hat-stand and a cane-stand. The number of lunatics, idiots, andpersona of unseund mind in England and Wales in cluded in the last returns amounted in all to 79,704, of which number 35,839 were men and 43,805 were women. Of these 7751 were classed as private patients, 71,215 came under thg head of paupers, and 738 were criminals. From our latest English fllestohandwelbarji that the barque Abernyte Arrived at Portland; Urtgon, on 10th November from Brisbane. The barque JApan sailed from New York on the 18th November for Brisbane, and the barque Beemah, 953 tons register, left Liverpool on the 28th of that month for Brisbane also. The steamor Cloncurry, 1G95 tons, cleared from London on the Ist December for Queensland ports. The following vessels were loading :— The Ladstock, barque, Sl6 tons, at Gloucester on the 11th November, for Brisbane; the barque Orellano, 86G tons, at Glasgow, on the the 26th November, also for Brisbane; the Bialto, ship, 1182 tons, at London on the 27th November, for Maryborough; the Astrea, barque, 288 tons, at London on the Ist Decem ber, for Normanton $ and the ship Astracaht 1042 tons, at London on the 2nd December, for Townsville. The barque Carlotta, which1 sailed from New York on the 29th September for Brisbane, was spoken on the 30th Oo tober in 7" N. lat. and 27' W. long. The tonnacro loading on the berth at London on the 26th Novembor, for Australia and New Zealand amounted to 65,809 tons. A SHOW time ago a most horrible out rage was committed in Tabasco (says an American exchange), the details of which have horrified the State. Juan Vicente Palavicini was travelling with his wife and child to his hacienda. On the way a bandit, Manuel Padron, came out on horaß' back and tried to carry off the wife of Palavi* cmi. A fight took place between the two them and Padron was killed. After,the Farmer bad left his family At the hacienda he returned toward thte town of Teapa to advise the authorities of what he had done. On his return he was captured by a brother of the dead bandit, assisted by three desperadoes. The manner of his punishment was cruel in extreme. They took Palavicini off his horse, and, stripping off bis stockings, flayed the soles of his feet and then made him walk, with the raw flesh, nearly a mile. They then cut off his ears and wrists, in which condition he was obliged to walk somo more. They then took out his eyes and lashed him to make him run. Finally they dragged him at the head of their saddles* then tore him in two. The perpetra tors of the terrible outrage escaped, but a feel ing has sprung up in the State that the men should not go unpunished. If they are caught it is likely that they will suffer in the samejmanner. It is some time since the mighty cataract has (says an American exchange) been the scene of such a teirible casualty as that which happened recently, by which two men lost their lives in the sight of numerous spectators, who were powerless to render them any aid» Two respec table young Germans, one named Adam Kjlger*- Btein, employed by a butcher at Niagara Falls, N.Y., and the other, whose name cannot be learned at present, engaged a small rowboat from Walter Mingay, at Port Day, for the pur pose of rowing across the Niagara River to Ghippewa. Mingay asked them if they were familiar with the river, and they said no, but that another man who knew the river was to accompany them. However, they started out without the third party, and rowed up the river about half-a-mile, and tho next seen of them they were making for the Canadian shore. Instead of rowing at angles against the current they rowed straight across the river, the swift current slowly but surely drawing them towards the rapidc. When about half-way across they wore not more than 200 yards from the rapids, and, as if seeming to realise their perilous position, they turned their boat around and attempted to return U tho American shore, In a few moments they were drawn into tho rapids. They were seen clinging to the boat until within a short distance of the brink of tho terrible abyss, when the boat capsized, and th» unfortunate men were carried over the great Horseshoe Falls. Thk petroleum trado between tho United States and England (says the Times) has hitherto been carried on by means of ships which bring tho oil over in barrels ready for the market. It has, however, been thought that an advantage would bo gained by brktg ing the petroleum over in bulk and barrelling it here. To this end tho Crusader, of New York, was purchased and fitted up with tanks, and has just brought over her first cargo of oil, which ia being discharged in tho Regent's Canal Dock. The Crusader is a barque of C 42 tons register, timber built, and fitted with forty-five cylindrical iron tanks, which are capable together of carrying 177,000 gallons of oil, American measure, or 177,400 gallons, English measure. There are also eight auxiliary tanks for use in casoof the expansion of the oil by variations of temperature. Tho tanka arc all fitted in the cargo space of tho vessel, and on deck in a Blukc steam pump of S-horse power nominal, supplied with steam from a 20-horsc boiler. At New York the oil was brought alongside tho ship in tank lighters from the refinery and pumped into the tanks on board the Crusader. In the Regent's Canal Dock the converse of this is now going on. Tho oil—which is refined petroleum—is being pumped from the tanks on board the ship through about 100 ft. of 4-inch iron pipe, which has been laid underground in the dock basin. At this latter point the oil is discharged into v tank lighter capable of carrying 8000 gallons. The oil is conveyed to a wharf on the Thames, where it will be barrelled for the market. The tanks on board the Crusader arc all connected with each other and with the pump by pipes and valves, so that they can be used altogether, in several groups or singly, as may be desired. This initial movement in connection with the transport o" petroleum in bulk lias been made by Mr. L. V. Sone, in conjunction with Mr. F. Coulin, of 34 Great St. Helen's, London, and sliouH it ;>rev<> sr.cc—;fnl from a com inw::i! point cf \v.-v, !< wi'l irtjiinrial!/ p.lmo iii^thfyUic >«cj>nt syctc-iu ot cceau transporta tion •>£ y-ii --'.1.-'nin, fm-r. Pn tino, and other uirnuiw liauidx, ! 