THE GOLDEN HOPE : a romance op the deep. I dreamt a dream Hint was not all a dream." BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author ot "A Sea. Qdben," "Thk WnzcK or TUB GllOBVKMOIt," "A SAILOR'S SWBBT- . UKART," &C.; Tho Right of Translation is RoserrcA) CHAPTER XXI11.— Continued. "I don't believe lie do doubt mo, Mr. Fortcscue," nuswered Stone, meeting tho clorgymnn's gaze with a troubled _ face. " What I understand is lie fancies my island may be a delusion — only may be, loot you, sir — and he fears, if that be so, his not find- in' of it '11 be set down against his nautical knowledge. The notion's bin brought about by our talkin' of late. Long woyages breed nil sorts o' ideas. People fall out and make friends agin', wrongly suspect one another and rightly ascertain the truth, and grow sorry, git filled with mistaken notions and loses of 'em over nnd over again in a pas sage of three or four months. Hiram's growed wrougheaded because he's suddenly become sensitive about his feelin's as a navi gator. But it'll come nil right, sir." " Surely lie can have no other reason than tho one he lias given for supposing the pos sibility cf your being mistaken 1" said Mr. Fortcscue, whose emotions would inevitably lead him into putting all sorts of construc tions upon Stone's manner, more particularly on the comparatively cool manner he had exhibited whilst Hiram talked. ' Weil," said Stone, " 1 don't say, speaking as a nautical man myself, that his fears aren't to he appreciated. If that there island wasn't there, why, if I stuck ont that it was, and you believed me and stuck out for it too, sir, it 'ud sartinly make him feel boobyisli-like when he worked out his sights and couldn't bring uothen in the shape of an islnnd into view. He's allowed Ilia feelin's as a sailor to liagitate him. Aud besides that " the old fellow paused and tried to look as if he had done talking. " Besides what V said Mr. Fortcscue. " Well, sir" exclaimed Stone with unneces sary energy, due to tho effort lie made to speak, " you i; heard Iiiram call this voyage visionary. It is so, and there's no use deny ing of it. The Lord has spoke to man in . dreams, and 1 don't doubt He spoke to you, sir. 'There's nothen else to accouut for so many circumstances of your wision proving true. But Hiram's got an intellect that caiPt rise so high up as an occasion of this sought needs. To speak the truth, which you'd always require of a man and without a particle of offence, for his ideas can't signify anything to you, he's still of opinion that your hncting under a delusion ; and iiim and mo talking of that, aud then his wondering how tbc voyage Ml end, lias sot bim spcculatin' on me nnd my island." " But the island is no delusion." " Why, certainly, of course it ain't," said Stone with a smile. " No more a delusion than this here schooner is. How could a man be cast away on a delusion, swaller sulpher-tastiu' water, and catch turtles on a delusion, and sail away from a delusion, and got the situation of it from the master of the vessel that picked him up Here Hiram arrived on deck to "shoot the sun," and tho conversation between Fortcscue and Stone ceased. The clergy man walked forwards into the eyes of the schooner, as was at times his custom when emotion got the better of him, for there was a life here, a spirit of flashing and thrilling vitality, such as he found in no other part of the vessel, and that had oTten noted as a mental tonic when the solitude of the cabin or the sameness of tho quarter-deck would have been without influence. Tho men, of course, took no notice of him, if it were not for the wriggle of a hand to a forehend as he passed ; and, folding his arms, ho leaned upon the rail betwixt the bow sprit and the cathead, and fell into deep thought, to the accompaniment of the roar ing and hissing and boiling of the divided waters, to whose frothing surface he would often be depressed by the leonine leap of the flying schooner into a trough till lie could have grasped his hands full of the sparkling spume. It was perfectly reasonable that ho should he deeply agitated and affected by what Hiram bad said and by his few wolds afterwards with Stone. There had been a brief time during tho voyage when he had wondered if Stone wasj sincere ; if tho island he had said he was shipwrecked on were real or corresponded with tho island Mr. Fortcscue had beheld in his dream. Those doubts had been set at rest. Hiram bad testified to Stone's honesty. Then he had been now long enough intimato with the old man to feel sure lie was trust worthy up to the hilt. But it was to origi nate an altogether new misgiving, something widely remote from any former doubts, to suggest that Stone might be under a delusion. Captain Weeks liad put the point cleverly enough when he repre sented that Bill,, as he called him, might be perfectly sincere in his fancy that he knew and had been cast away oil the island of Mr Fortcscue's dream, and act as if his delusion were heaven's truth. Was such a tiling pos sible i It might seem more so to a man of the temperament of the clergyman than to one of a less imaginative and nervous nature. He had himself read of, had heard instances of, men whose sanity was unquestionable, whose principles wore unimpeachable, being governed by a belief in something they had seen, or something that had befallen them, which was as purely an illusion as the mirage, or the many ghosts which have been observed and run from since the days of the witch of Endor. If this should be the case with Stone, if it had so happened that oue of the printed "slips" the curate had caused to be circulated should have fallen into the hands of the one seaman living who imagined he had been shipwrecked oil such an island as the sketch portrayed, how frightful would be the disappointment I how hopeless the outlook ! for, though ho knew the island of his dream to exist, where should ho seek it? and what would have been Agatha's fate by the time he had found it, if discoverable it were, upon the mighty surface where he believed it lay I He asked himself could the plain, un lettered mind of Stone be possessed by imaginations so vivid nnd logical as the one lie had submitted at Wyloe, when he told tho story of the chase of tho Snow, her sink ing, his and his mates' sufferings upon the island ? He turned to look at the square figure of the old fellow standing near the tiller, then resumed liis former attitude, aud went ou thinking. He said to himself, ' Captain Weeks believes that I am being urged by a delusion. I know better ; vet — yet — it might prove sol" A fapcy that startled him ; it seemed impious, and he looked up to the blue sky as if for forgiveness; yet it was a consistent thought, for he meant to reason to himself that just as his dream, real to bim, seemed a delusion to-lliram, so might Stone's assertion of his shipwreck and the whereabouts of tho island he absolutely real to the old sailor, and yet an inexpres sible deception I But such thoughts came too late. The significance of this was mode frightfully ap parent to him when he turned liis eyes upon the horizon nnd reflected how far- stretching it was and through what ocean the brave little schooner was now bearing him. Too late I By many days, by many weeks too late for him to dare to dream that there was aught of delusiveness in any detail of this voyage. So far ns Stone's sincerity went, so far as Hiram's capacity as a navigator, lie must be patient. If they should come to a part of tho Indian Ocean and Hiram should say, ' Here is the place where the island should be," aud no island should be visible, what then I 'Thoy might deem the old sea man's bearings erroneous, and sail here and there jfor a week or a fort night, and still not find the island, what then? Why, such an issue could simply prove that Stone u as under tho delusion that Hiram hod suggested ; but not that the vision that had won the clergyman to this voyage was false. No I the Verulam had been burnt. Agatha had escaped iu one of the boats, the boat had reached nil island after many days and liad gone to pieces in the surf ; Agatha had been borne ashore by a courageous, unselfish hand, and upon the islaud, with streaming hair, with wild and burning eyes, with hollow ghastly face, with arms outstretched in agony of entreaty, she had appealed to him to come aud save her ? (to be continued.) 