MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. All Rights Reserved. A N O Y E T. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jacobi's Wive," drc. CHAPTER XVfl.— (Continued.) w I've lost to j way, thai « what 3 Lno matter With me," replied the other in -A curiously tie- . fiant tone. "I want to know whom I. nni and how far from London Bridge, and that little imn of darkness pretends that ho can't tell inc." Giles gave the iuformatiou required, and was about to move oil, when the wayfarer spoke once more. "Jlsnppose you haven't got such a thing as.n half- crown about you to give or lend? I'm cleaned out pretty completely this tVtno : I reckon, I've not got n brown left — though I've that about mo which is woith many browns, 1 can tell you that, young shaver 1" he added, with a touch of swaggering bravado to the crossing-swecpor. Kinglake put his hand in h(9 pocket and offered the sturdy beggar sixpence. But the man dashed it to the gronud with aw oath. "——your sixpences ! 1 want UnhVa-crown at the very least. ain't a beggar bringing for ha'pence. I want two-nnd-six for my r 'Uway fare to Ladywell and a bed for tliu night — that's what i" want, you !" Giles had already walked away a fr?w paces when the word Ladywell fell upon hisiear, and, &n; sp ito of his inevitable feeling of rcypugnauee to the speaker, brought him to a fAaml. lie turned and looked the ?ailor steadifty in the face. The little crossing-sweeper darted for ward and picked up the sixpence fr,Mn the mud into which it had fallen at the sudor's feet. The man himself stood scowling, with his white teeth showing between his dark; beard aud moustache, and his hand clenched Wpon his stick. "What do yon waut at Ladjywell said Kinglake, sharply. That's iuy business." "What's yonr name ?" "Smith." "Yon know that it isn't, as wdjll as I do." ' " Call mo a liar, do you? la fight von for that if I had yon out in the c/pen. I'll light, yon now." " Come." said Einglnke, striping up to the sailor with a look oi great deciMou, no more of that, or I shall give you in iihurge. Toll me yonr name, aud what you waut, at Ladywell. I tlont inind helping you, if ,'jou have a good reason for going there." ' " Good reason 1 J've a gofjd reason enough. I want my wife." "Tell ihe your wife's name. I know Lady well." " You know LadyweM ? What's your name ?" "My name is Kinglake. What is your busi- dess at Ladywell ?" 4" "KingluKcl" The man took a backward step, and seemed overpowered by some feeling of doubt or of surprise. 44 Kitlglnke ? Not one of the old Kingmkes ?" "Yes." ' "Good Lord !" Again the man surveyed his interlocutor from head to foot, this tiu-tn with umnUtakeable contempt. . "Who'd have thought it? " he soliloquised. "Well, some go up and soi|ne go down. It'sonr turn to go down now, Mr., Kinglake. It's been CimIb's Hirn In mi " Giles involuntarily rais Id his stick, bnt after all did not strike, llow rrmld be know that the man was speaking of Vieely Lorraine. Fie turned his back upon hirji and walked oil with out another word. But /he sailor followed. Ah Giles laid his hand up<)n the little iron gate which opened upon the tiny garden before the house, the mau came up to him and spoke again, this time in a hn lublcr tone. , "Beg your pardon, Mr . no offence, I hope. Yon'il know my nam |», perhaps. I'm Robert Le Breton, cousin to Mr. Lorraine and .Miss Lorraine, of Ladywell Priory, and my wife is Miss Lorraine's companion." . "A fact that does, nob excuse your inso lence." "What can a fellow »Ao?" said Robert Le Breton, sullenly. 41. espne back from South Africa with plenty and to spare, ami in cross ing from Havre to .Southampton I was washed overboard and reportedGrovvned. Picked up by a fishing siuack and 'taken to Normandy, i liad to make my way V./omo as well as 1 could without a penny in nip pocket. One can't, be very soft-spoken and. mealy-mouthed when one s been knocked about the world in this way." . . "I know you," s;v.(l Kinglake, looking him steadily in the fait; again. "I've heard a 'great deal about ycfi, and nothing to your credit." "I don't suppose yon would, if you went to the Lorraines tor character. Nor to Pauline neither, nor her fri'fhd Cicely." "Speak of Miss. Lorraine with proper re spect, Or 111 lay in/ stick aboutvour. shoulders," said Kinglake, the lire leaping into his dark eyes. 1 Le Breton stated and gave a disagreeable laugh. " So that's the &nmo;, is it ? " lie said. "Lady well Priory's a nice place, ivad Cicely would make a nice vriife for you, ICingiake, "with all her money." Kinglake ctme cut short the words. Ho struck the man sliarplv in the fact? — a stinging blow which loft. a red bar across it, and brought blood from 'flu? sneering, sensual lips. It seemed like profanity to hear sweet Cicely Lorraine's name spoken by this low rnliian of a man wiuiom any prcux or sign oi respect ; and a great rage swelled up in Giles King- lake's heart. lie . struck hard, and would have repeated tlref blow had circumstances not pre vented his doing so. Le Breton uttered a sort of snarl, and put himself Into nn attitude of defence. But at that moment; the little crossing-sweeper shouted "Perlice! perlieo!" with ail the force oY his lungs. People began to look out at tLwirdoors and windows, ami the measured tramp of a 'policeman's footstep on the pavement could be heard in the distanc. At the same moment, also, old Hannah appeared at the crarden gate aud laid her hand upon her master's "arm, as if to hinder further violence. But there was no need. Lo Breton shrank . :away like a beaten cur. The vrvy word "police" had terrors fur him. And Giles Kinglake's blood tingled in his veins with the desire 'to inflict the thrashing which ic considered to be well- deserved by a man whb spoke so inso lently of Cicely Lorraine. .. Le Breton meanwhile betli'obght himself of certaiu old acquaintances, anion', g whom Clifford 'Vargrave had been chief. He made his way .into town, vaguely remembering the old address of Yargrave's chambers, which he found open, Clifford being expected back l.hat very evening. He made himself comfortable in the rooms, coaxed and bullied the angry charwoman in attendance in'o believing that" he was a friend .of lier master's, ate and drank at Yargrave's 'expense, and then awaited tin return of his 'former friend. Clifford came at last. And the first words .that he heard upon entering his Tooins were these : " Well, Cliff, old boy, arn't yon glad to have ;me hack again?" r Clifford stood aghast. 'CHAPTER XVIII.— Om> Acquaintances. J "Have yon come back?'1 lie stammered a .'length " I thought that you— that you " s " That I was drowned? I've no doubt you "Bat here I am, you see, alive and hearty ; and, rfts I thought that you would enjoy a chat about old times, I came on here and took the liberty .of making a transfer of wardrobes. Your togs don't fit mo very well, old lioy, but they're ' .more comfortable than the things they lent me on board ship." Clifford did not speak. Ho turned up the .gas, stirred the fire and examined the contents of a tray that stood at Le Breton's elbow. .There was a half-emptied bottle of brandy, upon which he laid his baud. Again Robert Le Breton burst out laughing. "Tlint's right, old fellow: steady yonr serves by all means. It's discomposing to see .ghosts, I know. But I'm no ghos, after all; 'good honest flesh and blood, I assuiie you." "Honest!" 'muttered Clifford, v.fith a sneer that was not lost upon his companion, although the word seemed to slip out from between his -teeth half agaiust his will. " Homtst !" ' lie ponred a little brandy intoui glass and drank it off at a draught, passed a scented handkerchief across his lips — which b:ul grown 'paler than usual— aiul then contrived a very creditable smile. "You're always welcome, Le Bretcuu" he .-paid, " wherever you go. No 'doubt you've . gleamed that fact by this time. Of course, you have taken tne u little by tmrprfso, but you often used to do so, if I remember aright." a "Yes, I did," answered Le Brctjou, thought fully, "I did." And yam wero about as quick , in getting over your surprise :us anybody I ever dknew." .. ; Clifford bent his brows. Thorn? was some .allasion to the past in Le Breton's; words which ."'.'did' not please bun. "I suppose yon will want supper?" he said j\ -dryly. .j. "Not I. Yonr slavey— char v» toman — what- Aever she is— 1ms given me a gjbod beefsteak v :!>fliready. All I want now is a.. smoke and a chat before wo turn in." i "Do voil suppose that I am going to give , yon a bed!" f " I dou't suppose it ; T, know it. Bed, brcak- jast and dinucr, too, if. I chaotic : and a new ' ig-out, and money in u/iv pocket. That's what T want from yon, Mr. Clifford YUrgravc ; aud what's mure, .t mean to have it." "Now, Took herc" said Cli;3'ord, stonily, that sort of talk# won't go clown with inc, Robert J. o Breton. If you insult me, you know that you will luvo to pay for it. I acknowledge . that you can do mo a great deal of injury ; but It would bo injury that I could get over; \- wnikl , if I open i»y mouth, I could eusuro penal , , . Bonitude for you for a good term of years — y perhaps for life. Wcnvo on prei/>y equal terms, , and you need, give yourself no rftrs of bravado about, your jiowcr." I n liretoir laughed almost geiiially. " Hore's a. burst of passion !' ' ho said, with a llwV touch of burlesque in his tone. . "You must be taking things very much to heart, Cliff, before you work yoursolf up to such a pitch as that. As to bciug-oti equal terms, J deny it. I don't care a hang whether I see the iukide of a prison or not. My friends won-t cut u\c if 1 am tried for fraud, and forgery, and all that 3ort of thing. Penal servitude fur lifo l--that's all bosh, I should get off ; there's not evidence enough to convict me. But you— you go in for the snpcriiue gentleman, heavy swell lino of business ; you know well enough how some of the stories that I could tell would affect you. You were a precious queer lot, Mr. Clifford Vnrgrave, when I had the pleasure of your acquaintance at Berlin, at Baden, aud Monaco, not so very many years ago." Clifford stood motionless ; his face assumed a yellowish pallor which soinowhat belied the boldness of his word-. His dark brows were Ptill bent, more in perplexity than in wralh ; bis eyes sent out an evil gleam as he listened to his visitor's insinuations : and he bit his lips savagely, ho that the blood began to start, lie took out fiis handkerchief again, aud touched his mouth with it softly from time to time as the conversation pror-eoded. The little red stain upon the white cambric seemed to annoy Le Breton ; he glanced at it with evident dis comfort. " Put down that white rag and listen like a mnn, can't you ?" he growled, sulkily, " Leave your uiouth alone, aud attend to me." "Sorry if it annoys you," said Clifford, seat ing himself and resting his elbows on the table and his chin on his hands. Tho handkerchief was still pressed to his mouth ; possibly it was a relief lo him to bo able to conceal that tell tale feature. He looked Le Breton well over from head to foot, and then asked i. question in a tone which showed that his nufVo was re turning. 4 With whom have you been fight ing ?" he paid, quietly. Le Bretou involuntarily touched the raised red bar which Giles Klnglake'a stick had left across his face and burst into a volley of im precations upon the giver of the blow. Clifford fisteued in contemptuous silence, and not until Kiuglake's name was mentioned did he exhibit any special interest in the matter. Then, indeed, he lifted hi.- eyebrows, and made a Plight interrogative commencement. " That fellow, was it ?" " Do you know him V" "Slightly. He's in my way." Le Breton suddenly .stopped short in his tirade, and looked at Clifford from beneath his brows. Clifford's face did not change, but his eyes had assumed an expression of venomous iwlred which boded no good to the mau of whom tbny had been speaking. " I see." said Lo Breton, with a nod of his head. "You waut him shelved." " Yes." " What for ?" Clifford looked at hiui curiously. " Can I trust you ?" " Js it a good thing?" "Very— for you as well as for me." " Then I'm your man, Cliff, my boy. Come, what is it ?" " You say that Kinglake struck you when you mentioned " " Cicely Lorraine. Yns, confonml him 1 As if she wasn't mv own second cousin !" " Even second cousins should be mentioned with respect," said Clifford cooliv. "What did you say to Kinglake?" " T threw it in his. teeth that he perhaps wanted to repair Ids biwken fortunes by mar riage, at which ho tlcw at me like a tiger." " Don't wonder at it. Gentlemen dou't like tn hn talked to in that wav hv cads in tho street." " I'm Cicely's cousin." said Le Breton sul kily. rA very distant one If I had any thought of marrying Miss Lorraine I should take great care how her name was used." Le Breton burst into a hoarse laugh. " You marry Cicely !" he exclaimed. " I suppose you don't mean tlnit you have any thought of it j but, if you have, you bad better put it out of your head at once. .She would'nt nave you." " Why not ?" said Clifford, biting his lip again. Le Bretou had his revenge. He looked at Vargrave much as that young man had looked at him, -with infinite, ucd much more insolent, contempt. "A little cad like you!" he said. Then he leaned back in his chair and puffed a cloud of smoke from his pipe, coutinuiug to eye Clifford all the time with arrogant deprecia tion. Cliflord flushed angrily, bnt spoke in his usual i ones. "I mean to try," he said. " Try away. I don't milnd. I would rather you had Cicely thau Kicfglake. And, as you say, it wnufdu't be a bad thing Cor me." Tie smoked in silence £/>r a few minutes, and then added bluntly : — 44 I'll help yotff" " You talk ns if you had the matter in yonr own bands ! " said Clifford, with very natural irjiia tion. (To he cljitimteil.) 