A TATTOOER'S TAT.F. » A New Tork San tepuriei recently interviewed a tattooer in Boston, who, when sasked whether the dnmand for bis libonrls large, said : ' Yon would bfe l snrpneed to knowsaiow. many ililirreiit I classes nf people call upon me tn -feave tattooing done. T have a great-many i sailors and boys, of conrse, bnt I cannot I say they are my chief customers. X tottoo a great many . commercial travellers, | who wish a small mark upon their bodies j as a means of identification in casefeT i accident. Then ladies and children form l a large proportion of my customers. A | great many parents bring their children I to be marked for identification in case of ! loss or kidnapping. Children X almost i invariably mark on the left leg just above ! the ankle. I usually pnt on some smalt 1 distinguishing mark, such as a star, an 1 anchor, a strawberry, or often a single ; dot The process is not painful. The | design is first drawn on the skin in Indian I ink or vermiliion ; then it is a little i pricked in with needles. The other day | a gentleman came in bringing two little i twin boys, aboot a year and a half old. ! They were dressed jnst alike, and they | were as similar in every respect as two i white beans. The father wanted one of i them marked, so as to be able to tell I them apart without trouble. So I took > one of the little chaps on my knee, and : pricked a little dot on his left band, on i the space between the thumb and first i linger, me uny jooxen on wiin great j wonderment, bnt didn't utter a cry, and l -went off with his father lodkiflg at bis j hand. X have many lady customers. I i frequently have calls from ladies who i wish some small mark for the purpose of I identification in case of accident Often I they dislike to have a mark pnt npon I the arm, especially society ladies. Xn | £nch cases 1 frequently mark theehonlder, I where (he mark will be concealed even I when in fall dress. Bat X have very | frequently pot initials, and sometimes the ! fnli name, npon the fleshy part of the | npper arm. I had a curious experience I once. I was engaged in tattooing Fred | Fi dley from head to foot at the dime I mnsenm. One day a lady came in, and, after watching the work for a time, slipped a paper into my band and asked me, in a low tone, to come to that address wheu I had finished my work at night, I told her that itwonld no doubt be after midnight before I conld call, bnt i she said very qnietly, 'The bonr makes j no difference. Come when yon are done i here.' Then fibe quietly disappeared. | She was a woman of remarkab'e appear - i ance, tall, with a complexion of a pe- i miliar, dazzling, waxen whiteness . Her f eyes were large and black, and looked i the more lustrous in contrast with her j wonderfui complexion. Well. I finished | work at the museum about midnight, i and then went at once to the addresB on : the paper. It was a well-known qnarter I of the city, and the bouse was a fine i brick strnctnre. The lady vis evidently l watching for me at one ofthe front wio- i dnws, for, before I could ring the bell, i the door opened softly, and she quietly I beckoned me to enter. The hall was dimly lighted. The lady was attired io \- a loosely fitting wrapper, with arms bare, | and in the dim light, with her marble- i like complexion, her "white robe, and I terrible bleck eyes, she looked like a very i ghost. Beckoning me to follow, ebe I glided np tbe stairs and entered a large ' front chamber, lighted by a lamp covered with a Bhade, which cast a rosy bne | about the room. Beating herself, she waved me into another chair, and then spoke. ' T have asked you to come,' she said, to beve my name placed npon my arm. I wish it placed across the shoulder, where it will not show much, but it must be in small fant distinct letters. Bat — will it hurt much ?' foe asked, with a little shrinking back and a slight start. I assured her that the operation wonld not be painful, bnt Bhe sat a moment in thought, and then arose and went to ber dressing-case. I must make a confession,' foe said, suddenly turning and displaying in ber band a small bottle, which foe had taken from a drawer ; 'I-rount tell yon that X am a confirmed opinm-eater ; X acquired the habit Bome-yeam ago, when ill and taking morphine as e medicine, and I have nBver been able to break it off I feel the need of the drug at this moment, : and I fear the pain of the operation of 1 i tattooing. Bnt X shall soon be beyond i i the reach of pain.' Bo saying; she filled | tbe hollow of her palm with morphine from foe battle and swallowed foe huge i dose at once, with foe aid of a little j -water taken from a glass. 'I wish you- ; to stay," foe resumed, 'until I am fully under foe influence of foB drug, and then proceed with your work precisely sg I have directed. It will be an bonr ot more before foe drug takes frill effect' Then foe threw herself upon foe bed, and I watched her silently from my chair. She lay qnietiy far a longtime with feer BYffl BTPfl on fftO leoilmir turf Inr L— 1 foe Jide dropped over foe great black j eves, and foe long Jashes lay on foemar- i ble cheeks, and. .foe slept ; but it was i riot a healthy sleep. She seemed to i breathe, and 1 conld perceive only, foe : faintest movement of foe white robe i across ber breast as it slightly rose and | fell. It seemed like a sleep of death. ; At length I arose, and, arranging .my I tools and colors, went careful iy to work. It was fnliy an feonr. and perhaps two, before my task was done, for I tebk foe utmost puns. Bnt through it all : .made not foe smallest movement, nor uttered foe slightest sound. At last the- -work was done, and ImoBe -and looked tunnmd me. Me lamp still burned jferigfatiy, and foe litile dock ticked s briskly. Jnst is my eye feli upon at it struck three with a 4 sonnd, like a djutant ratfextrj rfm.. J .cannot tell why, hot a kind of a terror t-ncozedxna Who was thin woman ! Waa ifoemarried nrmngleTWaBfoisB -trn.fr j to entrap, me 1 "1T» J »3»n Jatro. faw 3»igp" i a qmhtity nffoe rimg.and waBjfoedBBSr jordyingfl foonkfeerifobtiyXBitifeer hand dropped Xhnp -iipm foB fefo. Te "was Jong past raifimgfatj mndZaeasinan | in ifainTfiar part tiffoexxty. "Bride fensbend or fetoifeer wdm ramuM y»ai imm»1 -uponxne in a moment 1 XX foe —-m il red -would I be feeld-responsihle ? :I glanced at foe anient form npon foe bed, end Him, parfriTipt np my tools, hurriedly left ! the house. The next afternoon, while i working an foe mnsenm, I r.hnncfd to | glance npJand my heart leiped to my month, forjfeefore me stood the lady of foe night mefore, feer great lnstrona eyeB gazing down on me. Galling me aside, ehe commended my work, paid me -generously, and disappeared, £ feave never seen her since. Ladies .often have foe initials or monograms of their lovers placed npon " their arms. Once I pat foe words 'Deer -Harry 3 on a yonng lady's arm. I had a curious case-once. Avery pretty and stylish lady came here in a cab. She wanted foe initial P , in a fancy letter placed npon foe top of her shoulder. 'Yon see,' she exclaimed, 'P stands for Paul, foe — the gentleman whom X — I am to marry. X don't want it where it will show, of conrae ; hot put it just where foe ehonlder-bind will cover it when I am in fall dress. Mark it bine, shaded wifo red.' She screamed a little when foe needle made the first prick, bnt she soon discovered that foe pain was insignificant, and foe work wsb soon done to feer satisfaction. " How pleased he will be,' Bhe said, . when it was over ; ' bnt he shan't see it until after we are married,' ebe added, and she went out. " A few months afterward a Imrdic stopped at foe door, and foe same lady alighted and entered. ' Yon see," she jra Innl anitli a einen alinlib klweli 4 felva 4 . cqiuuicuj wiui b tbij suuu uiuouj vuat j foe gmitieman whose initial yon pnt on j my shimliig doesotcome sny more, and I X want it changed. Do you think — do j yon riiinfc- yon cur change it to a B V 1 " Ob, yes,' said I : 'that can be done j very easily.' j "'Yon eee, this gentleman's nameis I Rashford, and I foonght yon conld j change it easily.' J " So £ (hanged foe P to B, and pnt | on a few flourishes, end she left. I I thought X had seen the last of her, nntil I a few months ago when she came again, I and blushed in earnest. Well, ' said X langhing, 'mnst I | change it again 1 .What 1b his name ) now ?' ! " ' Bis name is Mortimer ; and oh ! we i are to be married next week, and my I dress and rail are Mi Hone, and I am 1 afraid of miking t angry, for be knows ! i nothing of foe others. Do yon think yon j conld change the B to an Ml j I " 'That wonld be impossible,1 end X ; j j ' but X can cover tbe letter over with i Isome other design, if you would lite.' " ' No, X nhonldn't like that It Iwooldn't wn anything,' abe said, look- ing almost ready to cry. Then suddenly i she looked np and cried ont : ' Oh, 1 1 | have it ! I jnst dote oo Beethoven, and ' so does be. I'll let foe B stand for 1 I Beethoven, and yon shall pnt oo the first | I two measures of his sonata in A minor. | | Won't that be nice 1" J " Seizing a pencil, Bhe marked a staff j i and a few notes of mnsic on a scrap of < j paper, and handed it to me. I sketched j | on ber shoulder a scroll, bearing foe I 1 initial B in tbe centre, and then drew in j j foe staff and notes &B; she had indicated. | | It was quite a nice job, bnt ehe was very 1 i patient, and finally went away mniiine, and hnmrning foe air which I had I tattooed on her shoulder," > 'Did yonever see her again !' 'A few dsvB later I chanced to be in j foe Boston and Albany depot, when a I iadv and gentleman passed me, gointr to- ! ward foe train. She feed the look of a i | bride, and as they passed me she gave I j me a glance, and hummed foe air that 1 1 i scratched upon her shonider.' 