An On! siory iu Verse. fie was a guileless college youth, That mirrored modesty and fruth ;' And sonteti mus at his musty room --.. His sIhIlt called, to chase tho gloom. Oue afternoon, when she was there, Arranging things with kindly care, As often she had done before, There tame a knock upon the door. Our alu'lcnl,.Ecn»itivc to fears Of thoughtless comrades' laughing jecn, Had only time to make deposit . Of his dear »i»ttr in a closet ; ? Then haite the door to open wide ; His guest unbidden slept inside. He was a, cheery-faced old man, And with n[-oloiiic» begun J'or calling, nnd then let him know. : That more tlinn fifty yearn ago, When he wns in bin youthful bloom, He'd occupied that very room ; Bo thought Im'd take the chance, ho said, To »'--: the changes time had made, ' The muiie old window, unmKold'rlew— JI.i, Im I the same oUl pictures, too 1 ' And thtri he tapped them with his cane, And laughed his merry laugh again. ' ' Tins imtnu old sofa, 1 declaru I ' Dear mo I It must bo wono for wenr. The name old nhclrcs I ' And then he came A tv I ojilid the closet door, ' Tbe enmii— 0|i. my I ' A woman's drc»» peeped through, Quick fiJ he couCd he cloned It to. He ahnok bis head,. ?? Ah I ah I tlir, name Old (mini:, young man, the name old gnmi I ' ' Would you my roputatlnn'slur ' ' The youth uasped ; ' That's my sister, sir I ' ' Ab I ' said llio old mnn, with a nigh, ' The name old lic-tlie namu old llo I ' An Englfflh dlvlnn once loM of pumliriNf night In a himnlul chamber In an . Knirlistr :aat!o, Ho dincribul how tho ghost slowly (talked Into tlm cli:unl.';r, and dcscrlM tho ?rmour which covered tlm form of tlm myi terlou* visitor. ' Hut how did jron get rid of thli vision/ ' cried some of those who' heard tlm elory. 'Oh, very easily,' replied tho minister j ' I merely took my ?iilmnrlptlun- 'book from the table nnd tbe vliion quickly failed it wny.' . ; A Ittdjrj who was n member of a rtiuw studyliiu art, concluded a rccltntipn nn llcrt* : jamaii Haydon by saying that ' towards the clojc of hla llfo lie committed mlcldc A lady writer «ks : « \vtiy don't barho. iors nmrrr / ' 'i'hnt//i m- why ihn'l. limy 1 Cnmc to think alwut It, wn have np.t yp| wrn n Imcli'jlcr who rfoimnrrk-cl. ll'n Inmi'iilablr, 