ME. BLAIR'S ''STARTLING REVELATION.' Few men have had to suffer more from slander and misrepresentation than Sir Charles -Duffy. ' He has repeatedly been .the subject of attacks which have been conducted with the most shame less disregard of fair play. If the power to injure ?had been equal to the venom of some of his assail ants his reputation; would have been done to ;death long, agOi ; Of: all the charges which have been levelledagainst him that which was uttered recently in Melbourne by Mr.* David Blair is the most: astounding; but1 at the same time, perhaps, the most absurd. In his capacity of President of the Historical Society in' that city,' Mr.' Blair, while discoursing on the first Victorian Parliament, ' delivered himself of i the statement alluded to. The late Sir John O'Shannassy, he said., had often told him, and solemnly repeated the asser tion before his death, that in Rome Mrs. Fitz sfcephen French, the favourite daughter of Daniel O'Oonnell, had informed him that her father had died in the full conviction that, throughout the whole of the Young Ireland movement, Duffy was in the pay of the Castle. If strict accuracy of detail were to be insisted on in connection with this 'revelation,' it would be necessary for Mr. Blair to explain whether O'Connell, in tracing Duffy's course ' throughout the move ment,' spoke prophetically, or whether his ghost returned to complete the accusation of the editor of the Nation. The slight discrepancy in Mr. Blair's narrative is that O'Connell died ere the Young Ireland party had regularly formulated the policy of armed resistance which they after wards preached. However, that point is not material to the main issues involved. It will simplify matters to admit at once the possibility of O'Connell having entertained such a notion o£ Duffy as that with which he is credited. O'Connell had suddenly seen the power which he had wielded undisputed for thirty years wrested from him by , the party of which Duffy was one of the leaders. It was but natural that he should think the revolt of Duffy and his com: panions an act of madness, or else of blackest treachery. Even were his judgment then as unclouded as it had been in former, days, , he could hardly have been expected to pronounce . fairly on the motives of the men who had renounced his authority and discarded his teach ings. But for two years before his death, .the great Tribune, it is now well known, had been affected with softening of the brain. That ; in such a cbndition he should have cherished many morbid fancies is likely enough. . - If they actually did take the particular form which they are alleged to have taken with regard to - ' Diiffy/the fact ' of itself could carry no weight at . all, except with minds predisposed to think the worst of him. It is proper to remember that be tween the late Sir John O'Shannassy and Sir Charles Duffy there had existed for years a bitter feiid. And, with respect to Mr. David Blair, ifs may be said that whenever an opportunity of striking a blow at Duffy han offered he has cer tainly never compromised his character as a particularly good hater. There may be no reason to- doubt that ho tells the tale as it was told to - him, but otherwise he stands in the position of a thoroughly prejudiced witnesa. ? ? , Mr. Blair is bo well acquainted with the cir cumstances of Duffy's Irish career that, if he . wore not indeed utterly blinded by his personal hatred of Mm; he could not fail to recognize the cruel injustice of the suspicions attributed ' to O'Connell. A serious refutation of them is ifc must be confessed/ a somewhat humiliating task, and one which, as 'far as the majority even of Duffy's avowed enemies are concerned, is almost superfluous. Tet it may not be out of place to add a few more words on the subject. Duffy's escape from the fate of his fellow ' rebels' in ''48' was the result of a Geries of happy accidents. The Government strained every nerve to procure a conviction. Three times he was put on his trial. It was the very rancour with which the Crown prosecutors pursued him that defeated itself and led to his acquittal. He was defended by one of the keenest Irish barristers of h'is day, the late Isaac Butt. It is reasonable to^ suppose that Butt would have had some idea of the true state of the case, if there had actually been a secret understanding between his client, and the authorities at the Castle. Tet Butt ever spoke in respectful terms of Duffy, widely as they differed for several years in their political views. Duffy's first course, when he had received his free dom, was to re-establiish the Nation, and powerfully, aid in the formation of the Land League. He was unsparing in his denunciation of place-beggars and jobbers, and on all occasions adopted a tone of boldness and independence totally incompatible with the idea of his having accepted the wages of infamy. Among the 4 innumerable proofs which could be cited against this fable to which Mr. Blair has given currency that furnished by Duffy's famous controversy with John ? Mitchel , is one of the strongest. Mitchel assailed him with unmeasured vio lence. He literally stuck at nothing which could discredit his old colleague, but in the fierce invectives which he launched at him mot, the faintest hint was conveyed as to the latter having played ,such a. part as Mr. Blair's *?' revelation ' would assign him. Mitchel him , self was &t; one -period thought by a section of , ardent O'ConnellitesV to be nothing less than an agent of the Castle. It would be just as easy to believe the like of him as of Duffy. ; In the one case there is precisely as mnch of wild impro bability as in the other. Sir Charles, as our readers are aware, has told the story of Young Ireland; \ In that narrative he has given a . minute relation of Irish affairs for eight or nine years. He has shed= such a light upon them as no man would dare to shed if, in his own share in them, there had been anything, to hide: We congratulate the citizens upon the election of. Mr, Eiley to the Mayoralty. He is a most suc cessful man in business; for, though still in the prime of life, he has, by industry, tact, and sagacity, already secured an ample independence. The qualities he, has displayed in his private affairs are just such as we want, particularly now, in one at the head of our City Council, whose history in municipal matters has of late not been very, edifying, and whose management has been far from creditable. And we have not the slightest fear that our worthy Mayor-Elect ?will not bring to his new position, for the public benefit, all the intelligence and care he has. so successfully shown as; a citizen in his own business. Indeed, rhis election tinder the circumstances .is a, guarantee that he is the right sort of; man. He was only twelve months in the Council, and had but his character as a business many his uprightness and integrity to rely upon, yet was successful over one who has been many years an alder man, and who was supported by the full strength of party organization. Mr. Riley's suc cess has been exceptional, but it is only right to say that to himself is mainly due his high dis ' tinction; though at the same-time we are happy to believe that his election to the civic chair is credit able to the aldermen who voted for him, who did not judge him by his years as alderman, nor were \- led away by clique or party cry. We wish Mr. Eiley success, and that he will leave behind him on his retirement from the chair pleasant remem brances of his Mayoralty. ' On Christmas Day Cardinal Moran will bless and open the new school-church at Marrick ville. ' Cardinal Moran, speaking at Macdonaltown on Saturday, described the Deaf and Dumb and Blind Asylum at Newtown as ' a focus of Orange 'bigotry and a centre of anti-Catholic prosely tism.' The Very Eev. Father Le Eennetel, S.M., has consented to deliver a lecture on an early date for the benefit of the Poor of the Society of St. Vincent de Paul, in St. Patrick's parish. The subject of the lecture will, we believe, be most attractive. .A son of Sir Patrick Jennings distinguished himself in a mimic Parliamentary debate at Riverview Jesuit College on Monday last. Two sons of the Eight Hon. W. B. Dalley, and ? a son of Mr. D. O'Connor, M.P., took part in the academic entertainment in connection with the , city Jesuit College on Tuesday. In:, distributing the prizes to the successful ' pupils, at the Convent of Mercy, North Shore, Cardinal Moran said that children were generally taken away from school too soon. ' The Eev. M. J. Murphy, Vice-President of . Carlow College, Ireland, has been appointed parish priest of Kildare in succesion to. the Very Eev. Dr. Kavanagh. ...''' The Christmas entertainment in connection ?with the Good Samaritan High- School, Pitfc, ? street, takes place on Tuesday afternoon. 