if? the smalt, hours. It was a problem to which nothing in my experience afforded the slightest cluo, and tlio moro I considered it the more incomprehensible it appeared. What could I do ? I asked myself. How could I find this man and work tho revenge my mother had bidden me seek ? It was a curious charge to lay upon a girl ; a strango burdon with which to bogin a lonoly life aud a battle with tho world. Who would help mo in it? There was no mention of frionds or rolatives in my mother's papors; if she had any, thoy wore, doubtless, in America, and would bo strangers to mo, ovon if I could find thorn, and of that I hnd small hope. . But tho attompt must at least be made, I told myself. It was my duty to redress tho wronsr mv mother hnd sustained. In the dim watches of that silont night it soomed to mo as if my mother's spirit was hovering near me, impelling mo to soo ovorything as slio had seen it, and to rosolvo to do as she would hnvo mo at any sncrifico. I scorned to fool hor breath upon my cheek, and to hear her voico whisper ing in my oar, prompting 1110 to all that was revengeful and liarsh in my future dealings with the pooplo. who had supplantod her. I had novor really lovod my mother, ovon with the affection of a nioco ; she had kept 1110 so much away from hor ; and yot now that she was gone, and I know the relationship that had existed .between us, I dcAirod' to. avehgo her .Wrongs on my unknown fathor, ns cor dially ns though. I had known hor and loved hor with nil a daughter's lovo. I was hor child— I boroV lior name ; and in this at least I had como .sud denly to rosoniblo hor — tho dosiro to mako my father smart for tho wrong doing of tlioso bvgono days. I soomed to liyo nnothor lift), thoro in, the. dnrk hours of tlio night, and to change my nature altogether, ns I thought ovor what I had promised, and plannod how it best could bo accomplished. \- 1 had read nnil re-read, the papers till ' every word1 seemed to dance be fore my excited eyes in fiery letters, " trying in vain to' find some cliie to guide mo, a'omo little word to tell me who and what, the man. was whom I was,. to seok, but. all to no purpose. Edgar Dunsford, that was all! There was' no description of -him ; and I: fell to trying to guess what he was like, as I sat thoro hesido the bed, on, which 'my mother had died, and remembered- hor pnle, atom face ns she told me the secret of my life. She must have boon very beautiful, my poor mother. I could quite under- stand her having been just the sort of girl to take a young man's fancy, if ho admired, statuesque beauty. I gathered from the. genoral tone, of my father's letters to her, and the allusions that ho made to things and people, that he was travelling for his own amusement when he met her and took her book with him to his native country. - And I pictured their happiness as X; sat musing, and thought what a prospect must have opened to tho lonely orphan girl, for I felt assured on that point; there was no mention of any frionds of licr's any whore. , And how deliriously hnppysko must liavo felt when "she gave Kor hand with hor heart in it " to tho "man of her choioo. Oh, what a world of happiness thoro must bo in this lovo, I thought, when a woman would give up everything she hold dear for it. Could I ever do as my mother had dono, and give my heart to another's keeping ? I had 'never boon tried — perhaps I might. Yes, surely, if tho man who bogged it of me was — Pshaw ! "What nonsense I wns thinking 1 What had I to do with tho recollection of a manly face, and a hnnd-elasp tliat I should novor forgot? It was all nonsonso, and yot I caught myself thinking of Hugh Moredyth as I sat there with my mother's legacy of revenge and hato spread out before me. I was back, again at Wassen- hnnser'; and tho moonlight that wns rtlnvinrr m» t.Ln flnnv wno nnpflinn» n flood of thoughts through my brain of tho happy days I hnd spent there ; daj's gono boyond recall now, and all the girlisbnoss of my nature with them. Tho dear old days — how they came crowding upon me ! I thought of my schoolfellows with a longing pain at my heart, ns I remembered I should see them no more — of dear hnndsomo Dorothy, nnd my musical rival Olga Eosonbaum. And tlion my thoughts strnyod to tho examination, nnd Lord St. Oolumb's odd quostion wlion I10 first saw mo, ' Who is sho ? Where does she como' from ? ' and, then too, tho kindly notice, ho arid his party had taken of mo ; and then back to Hugh Moredyth. Oh, if I hnd only suoli a friond ns ho toliolp mo through what lay -before mo ! Tho very recol lection of the clasp of his hand — our hands hnd met onco for a second or two — soomed to give promise of some thing so reliable ; something a woman would like to take all her troubles to. And his eyes were so truthful, so — Bah ! What an idiot I was. What an inconceivably vain and stupid crea ture,. to think like this- of a person I hnd only seen once, and in all proba bility should never see again. But the remembrance - would como. The recollection of tho look that U1U9UUU J. 4 Ulli UUK IrllUOU jWUOUUU U1UH1I eyes into mine, as I passed up oh to tlio platform, where j. was to play my chorale ; and the cordial congratula tion of his two or three words to me afterwards, would not be put away; and I sat droaming a pleasant, foolish dream, till the moonlight suddenly disappeared, and a shivoring gust of wind soomod almost to rush through tho room, as it whirled howling amongst tlio treos outside. A hollow moan soomed to como from tlio waves on tho bench, ns though thoy were boing forced by a compelling power to bogin some work of ruin and destruction. And tho water that I had soon gleaming not a minute boforo suddonly went out of sight in the dark ness, nnd loft only n dull, booming sound suggestive oE storm, desolation, to toll whoro tho shore that had lookod so lovely in tho moonlight lay. Tlio wind roared by tho windows so dismallv that I sbivorod with a vacuo apprehension, born of my long self- communing, and I hastily drew down, the blind, for I had boon sitting with it up till now, and propared to seok my bod, mind and body thoroughly woaried out with tho mental strain I lmd undergone. But boforo I laid my bond upon my pillow I knelt nnd offered up a prayor that in tho timo thnt lay boforo me my purposo might be nccomplishod. That in tho days to como I might fulfil tho rovongo onjoiued upon mo by my dead mother, and bring ' punishment . as heavy us tho offence which hnd pro voked it on tho bond of him, my other nurnnt. wliosn trnnchorv had so' riclilv deserved it. It was a sinful, wiclcod wish, for which I have sinco sought pardon, hut J had forgotton then who it is that says ' vongeanco is miiio,' and with tho prayor upon my lips, nnd the vow of rovongo so filling my every thought, that not ovon the haunting romoni- bvanco of Hugh Meredyth's hnndsomo faco and kindly oyos could find room in my mind, / foil into a troubled dronm- hurdonod sleep at last ; hut not till somo timo aftor tho fivat gray light of dawn had stolen ghost-liko in slowly and cpHly through tho long casQnjent opposite tho foot of my hod. ' (To be co/iliifued.J 