News of the World. ? Bioting in Pesth.— iAs mentioned in a recent cablegram, a very serious riot took place in the Hungarian capital. For some hours the city was in the hands of an excited mob, which did not hesitate to proceed to acts of violence. The students of the University and a tnob some thou sand strong crowdedround General Janszky's house crying ' Down with Janszky.' They also hurled brickbats, breaking a number of windows. They then marched through the streets singing the Kossuth Anthem, and made for the bridge to Ofen, where the Hentzi monument stands. The mounted police, however, stopped them at this bridge, but some hundreds crossed the Danube by the steamboats, and, accompanied by the'Ofen mob, went up the hill to the fortress to destroy the Hentzi monument. They found it, however, well guarded by police, and after casting rotten eegs at; it they went to the cemetery and tore to pieces the garlands on the officers' graves. A Famous Pianist. — Liszt had paid court to two married women, telling them both : ' When you become a widow I will marry you.' As ill luck would have it, the two husbands died about the same time, and the wooer was naturally much embarrassed, as he could not marry both the widows. He, therefore, ran away to Home, and as his only resource took holy orders through the intervention of his friend, Cardinal Hohenlohe. Of the two heroines, one, a princess, forgave him. The other, however, to. avenge the slight cast upon her, wrote and published an exceedingly scandalous work, entitled 'Histoire d'un Pianiste.' Usepuii Hints. — When a sitting hen is too in* disposed to stay on the nest continuously, let her rest alternate days and tie the rooster on the nest while she is resting. ? The soot can be thoroughly swept out of a chimney by dropping a goose in at the top. The goose, in vainly striving to-.-ny upward, thoroughly cleans the chimney with its wings.— - — In swinging your TTifHa.n clubs there is no need of cracking your head with them. It is a mistake to suppose that the muscles of the brain can be devoloped by such a process. ? By immersing the entire body in soft tar before taking a bee-tree, one can render himself invulnerable to the assaults of the bees. ? A good way to delight the children is to turn in a false fire alarm and show them the engine when it comes up. ? One way to get at the merits of a masterpiece, in the naj vj. a £»feLUUUig, AD U\J ''-'^ rimnii 2111 UiXu U1.1LXU and jot down his remaiks. And he will pay you for the privilege. — The scent of whisky on the breath can be subdued by smearing asafcetida on the mustache. ? When your bedfellow snores and refuses to hush, trump up a counterfeit nightmare and straddle his neck. If this doesn't stop him kick him out of the bed in such a way that his head will strike the floor first. The resulting cerebral agitaion will keep him awake for the rest of the night and give you a chance to doze a little. ? If you make a habit of keeping live mice in your pockets, your loose change will be comparatively safe from your enterprising wife. ? If you take a. small step ladder with you into the theatre it will be very serviceable when the stage is barricaded from view by a big hat. ? Freckles can be removed from the face with sandpaper. KoBBiNG an Ambassadoe. — A French thief has relieved Baron Mohrenbein, the .Russian Am bassador, of 6000f and some valuable State papers. The diplomatist was starting for St. Petersburg, when the mobsman 'accidentally' pushed against him, begged pardon, and de camped. And then M. Mohrenbein missed frig dispatch box, which had lain near. Liteeaet Pilgeims. — Weimer was to have been the destination of many literary pilgrims a few weeks ago. On May 1 and 2 the Goethe Society was to hold its p.Tm-nal meetings, which were expected to be brilliant gatherings. The society numbers about 1700 members. The meetings of the Goethe Society were to be pre ceded by the meeting of the German Shakspeare Society, at which an address on ' Shakspeare on the English stage since Garrick' was to be de livered by Herr Von Vincke. Finally, the Ger man Authors' Association intended to hold a meeting in Weimar at the same time as the Shakspeare Society. Alcohol in France. — In the last number of the E.EVTJE bE Deux Mostdes there is an article on alcohol by M. Jules Eochard, who presents the following budget as representing the direct and indirect taxation which France imposes on itself in the course of a year in alcohol : — Price of alco hol consumed, .£3,639,272 ; value of days' work lost, ^38,510,840 ; cost of treatment, .£2,833,680 ; cost of lunacy, .£92,852 ; loss by suicides, .£126,800 ; cost of criminals, .£355,7SO. Total, .£45,559,224. Two American Buddhists. — According to in formation from Japan, two Americans in that country have been confirmed in the Buddhist faith. They are Professor Ernest JPenollossa of the Imperial University and Dr. William Sturgis Bigelow. Both are graduates of Harvard, and both are believed to be great experts in Japanese art, Professor Fenollossa in painting and Dr. Bigelow in pottery and porcelain, lacquer, ivory carving, and metal work. A French Canal. — The French seriously con template making a canal to join the Atlantic ocean to the Mediterranean. One of the reasons urged for undertaking this work is that it would greatly increase the naval power of France, by enabling her to send torpedo boats, and perhaps cruisers, safely and expeditiously from one sea to another. Then, as a Paris' paper observes, it would be all over with Gibraltar, ' that formidable British fortress which closes the entrance of the Mediterranean, and which .can sweep with the 500 brazen mouths of its guns any fleet bold enough to attempt to force the straits.' Nitbefication in Soils. — Among agriculturists possessed of genuine scientific tastes, there are few subjects regarded with more interest than the relation of free nitrogen to soils. The dis covery that nitrification in soils was due to organisms whose activity can be arrested by chloroform, so that no nitrification takes place when their vitality is thus suspended, has made the inquiry more interesting than ever. The French chemists have always distinguished them selves in researches relating to this subject, as everybody knows who has studied Professor Villa's work on artificial manures. Eecently the attention o- the ± rencu Academy has been directed to it. Messrs. Bertholet and Andre have been at work upon it For many years. Lately they have been concerned in finding out some means of indicating the proportion of nitri ficatory organisms in different soils, and they conclude that some idea of their abundance may be formed Jby a quanti tative analysis of the carbon* entering into the constitution of their tissues. It is in ferred generally that the analysis of the ammonia present in the soils should be made without any desiccation, and that arable land, when watered, tends continually to liberate the ammonia of the ammoniacal salts contained in it. ♦ . ' ?? Peopessoes Without Students. — -The senate of one of the Scotch Universities (said the St. Jaiees's Gazette) has done everything short of offering a reward to discover who it was who put up this intimation on the door of one of the class rooms : — ?? Notice. — There will be no lecture to day, as the student is unwelL' The student says that he is incapable of a practical joke, and the professor does not want the matter to go any farther. Naturally enough, he does not care to have it known that his class is so select ; though there is another professor in the same university said to be in much the same predicament. It is told of an Oxford lecturer that he had to bribe a young man with gold to attend his lectures, as had there been no attendance he would have for feited his salary. Often the blame does not attach in these pathetic circumstances to the lecturer; but that is no reason why chairs should be en dowed for nobody's benefit but that of the holder. An inquiry into the cases of ' Professors without students ' would lead to some interesting dis coveries. _ ? The Thbeb Geaces.— There bitB'been«noiaier remarkable discovery in the gardens of Sallust, where excavations, are going on relative to the process 'of establishing and building up a new quarter of the city,. It is no l&s; than a colossal marbU gi»op of ^the Three ; Graces,- evidently a vwork executed in the palmy .days of ancient sculpture, and of rare merit. It is in a wonderful etate of preservation, except the unfortunate loss of .all three heads, which, it is hoped, may yet be unearthed. If these be foun.d, it will be one of the most important revelations that this mania for progrees and the rebuilding [of Borne Baa yet civenuB. '? ' ;' ? :./??'??£?.':???&'&;???? ? .':'-£?£?. :'-':',/? ?;;?? i- .-' . : ?. .' ? .--:'O . ?'??' *? r *VT'' : '*??'. ?'.'?? The Bbitish Association. — Our British As sociation is, I fear, nearly on its last legs (wrote Dr. J. E. Taylor). The fact is, its work'- is over. It came into existence as a means for the ' ad vancement of science/' before daily papers were known out of London, and when corobborees were held where the Melbourne Parliament houses now stand. Railways, telegraphs, tele phones, tramways, &c..; were then undeveloped. The British Association helped them to the birth like a scientific wet nurse. Science was then re garded as only fit for old men. Young men could spend their time ever so much better at billiards or on the turf. The British Association made science both popular and welcome. It 'sand- wiched ' balls, and dinners, and lunches with re searches more attractive than . they were weari some. People must talk about something they! don't understand, and science offered them a cheap and popular menu of intellectual dishes they could either digest or praise. At that time science was largely dependent on geographical conditions. (Some day the history of modern scientific discovery will be written, and I know of : no more important contribution to the theories ? both of natural selection and evolution, if it is only ? written truthfully.) Since railways covered! the country, centres of scientific study: and research, have sprung up in every large town. London has proved much easier of access. Consequently people who discover any thing (or think they have) can get a hearing at once, either in their own town or in the me tropolis. There is now no need for them to wait until the annual meeting of the British Associa tion takes place. It is on this account that I be- . lieve. the latter to be dying out. Its work is now ? better and quicker done. Already the society which modelled itself on the rules of the latter, : and nearly stole from it its name — the British Association for the Advancement of Social Science —has given up the ghost, and its library is adver tised to be sold. Bazaine. — Ex-Marshal Bazaine is in a very impecunious position in Madrid, where he has been living for some years. His is a familiar figure in the streets of that city, where he is seen daily leaning on his stick and persistently smoking cigarettes. I£ he can get anyone to listen to him, he will tell, only too garrulously, how he would havs saved France after Metz if the Eepublicans would have let him do so. TTia plan included the convoking of the Chamber in Rheims. iffnorins' mPRnwhilfi thfi nr-liinr»a.l rihar^craa which had taken place in Paris. He promises to leave behind him details which will settle once for all what really took place in Metz before his surrender. Music in Paeis. — The Paris newspapers pub lish a list of the performances of military music to be given in the course of this summer. Bands are to play three days a week in the gardens of the Tinleries, the Palais Royal, and the Luxem bourg. But though the central district naturally comes in for the lion's share of the music, subur ban parks like the Buttes Chaumontand the Pare Montsouris are not neglected. Sunday, on which no fewer than six different bands play, is of course the great day ; but, with a, little care, a visitor to Paris could manage to hear an open-air concert gratis every day of the week. Population of United Kingdom. — The Re gistrar-General, London, says that the population of the United Kingdom in the middle of 1886 is estimated at 36,707,418 persons ; that of England and Wales at 27,870,586, of Scotland at 3,949,393, and of Ireland at 4,887,439. In the United Kingdom the births of 292,247 children, and the deaths of 204,438 persons, were registered in the three months ended March 31, 1886. The natural increase of population was, therefore, 87,809. The registered number of persons married in the quarter ended December 31, 1885, was 137,802. The birth-rate in the United Kingdom in the first quarter of 1886 was 323, and the death-rate 22-6 per 1000. The marriage-rate in the fourth quarter of 1885 was 15-0 per ldoO. A Useful Stocking Leg. — Jessie Falconer, Murraygate, a middle-aged woman, was brought before the magistrate in the Dundee Police Court and charged with having stolen six bottles of brandy and six bottles of. whisky from, a spirit merchanfB'warehouse in Candle-lane on occasions between March 1 and May 11. She pleaded guilty. In answer to the Bench, Mr. Dewar said the accused had been employed in the warehouse for a year. For some time there were reasons for believing that peculations were going on, and on a watch being kept the woman was seen to lift a bottle of brandy and secret it in the leg of her stocking. She was sent to prison for ten days. A Blood Parasite. — A few years ago M. Laverau, a medical officer in the French army, described a blood parasite, which he never found, except in the blood of persons suffering from malarial fevers. It was not found in the blood of healthy people, or even in that of persons suffer-, ing from other diseases. It disappeared from the blood under the action of quinine. Recently,; Dr. Sternberg, an American scientist, has been! studying the development of this same blood-; parasite, and has written a long account of his researches, accompanied' with twenty- eight illus-! trations, representing the changes which occur, in one of the parasites' contained within a red; blood-corpuscle. Dr. Sternberg is inclined to: think the parasite is the cause of malaria,! but the fact is not definitely settled. What ia wanted is for somebody to work out the life! history of the parasite, which has been provision ally named Plasmodium malaria— there is nothing like giving a thing a long name ! Two Italian, pathologists, who have been working together at. the same subject, report several cases in which ! they have been successful in producing character- ! istic attacks of malarial fever by injecting into the blood circulation of persons free from such: disease a small amount of blood drawn from the^ veins of a patient suffering from a malarial attack.' In these cases the presence of the blood parasite was verified in the blood used for the inocula-' tion, and subsequently in the blood of the inocu lated, individual when he was seized with the. fever resulting from the inoculation. Gebald Masset on Gladstoub. — Lately, in London, Gerald Massey delivered a Sunday' afternoon lecture on 'The Hebrew and Earlier Creation, and what they meant as myth/' being an answer to Gladstone's articles on the Creation : and Huxley's reply. He severely criticised Glad stone's 'hypocritical ideas' concerning, the Creation and other legends as represented in the old Hebrew Gospel ; and he designated them as merely old fables and allegories which exhted in the Egyptian and Per sian writings millions of years before the - Palestinian Jews existed. He was also very wroth with the Premier for being a party to the ' false ' orthodox doctrines of the Bible,' as he called j ' them, and which were taught in our schools. ' Millions of pounds, he said, are paid annually from the public- revenue to teach the children these baneful Hebrew misinterpretations — which' - no sensible person could believe — in preference to the true and wholesome teachings of science and nature. He observed that if these false teachings had not been distilled into Gladstone's mind when young, he might now have been the ' leader of the greatest party in the world, and' looked to with reverence by all nations, instead of - being the leader of the Misleading party. Bbitish Volunteer Fobcs. — The annual re--' turn of the Volunteer Corps of Great Britain for the year- 1885 shows that the general total on' November 1, 1885, was : — Authorised establish ment 250,967, efficient 218,207, non-efficient S8D5, total enrolled 224,012. Proficients who -have qualified for the special grant of fifty shillings : . Officers 6946, sergeants 12,422, total 18,368. 728, officers have passed in tactics and have qualified ' for the special grant of 10s, 194,838 volunteers were present at inspection. The percentage of efficients to enrolled was 97.42, and , the pereen-, tage of men present at inspection to enrolled* 86.98. .- ? '?.-.:??? » «.. Pubttt Cbazb hr - CANADA.--.The -%£rBnh*-% Matron!' has aroused an echo in Montreal,4 where ? i ' a vigorous crusade against the nude, in fcrfc ia' ' being waged.' So zealous are the adV&j;$|i-s ot social purity that they have lodged ^n itotion ' ' against; one of 3ie* wealthiest gentitamen vin$fae,f ' - , cityfor keeping in bis house copies of the*,l^»niB '- -? of Milo, Canova's Venus, and Power** ^l&reek; \--f . :?'' Cat Asm Ha«p FiofiT.-— At AniericuB,^3teorgia^;^^ U.SJl., a lai^e red-tailed feawk suddenly WKmcelv'C on the farmhouBe cat, which was enjoying £jua»'£r^ on the etmny side of the barn. The -iiawjr s$x§u£$ : -. ?Me talons deep; and ascended with. 3JA*jSJSSg£^ The entrap j^fltejiat ^^^ai^M/moiS^d^i 