fllMsccllaneoue* The measureless Deeps. I think sometimes that the silence itself has , a soundless ghost, I A stillness deeper than ocean, where gather ] the countless host Of shades that are shade’s reflections, of glooms that are shades of gloom, ' And echoes of thoughts unfatliomed which ’ never in words find room. ' There are thoughts which move at midnight too deep for a vision's reach ; There arc waves deep down in sflcncc, too strong for the grasp of speech : And n mystic intuition in infinite depth of spnee Too far to impress reflections or shades on a mortal face. Wo know in the silent chambers the beats of a distant heart, We have seen with an inner vision the cur* • ,, tains of silence part, j And far in the shaded distance bayc„.read, as , -'oriThlog1c':3<7l■onp-"~;,—'*—. The words no sound could utter, addressed to '. an earnest soul. . There arc things so deny nd sacred they flee i the approach of so- ral, There are ideas pure • ad holy no natural hedgerows bound And somewhere, wel adjusted, unseen, un heard, intense, Are the truths which reach ns only through a seventh mysterious sense. We hear not, speak not, feel not, yet we think, and trust, and know, While the viewless mystic currents sweep by in their endless flow', While above the mirrored crystal there flutter the ghostly wings, And a song too sweet for language its jubi lant anthem brines. The grandest truth of the ages have entered the heart like this, ■ The things we can never utter producing the greatest bliss; Mysterious intuitions, swift shades of a shadow-thought, Have flooded the soul with sweetness in miracle wonders' wrought. We know there are soul vibrations, a subtle and glorious bond, Uniting the world material with a something so far beyond That it reaches ns in soul waves, too delicate far for touch, That the brightest words are heavy and burden them overmuch. So we learn its bcautious wisdom. Its peaceful currents flow Too far for the reach of evil, too high for the touch of woe, Too deep for our words to fathom, too soft for the grasp of sound, In a place which God bath guarded with a silence most profound. Then wclocme the mystic message, the peace beyond all compare, Tos sweet to be grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer; The sign of a higher ipresence, a rapture which may not cease Till it reach the great Nirvana and blend into endless peace. A symbol of something coming, revealing some time to be, The ripples of glory lapping the shore of an endless sea : The eeArei of lifo eternal, too grand for the h*KKo ot speech, ■ .. y.y '-v.; Conveyirig.a soundless messa e to' the wait ing* souls on the beach. So the soul receives its message, by a route we may not trace, F?om the deeps where fathomless silence broods ever in endless space ; Where the finite may not measure with its puny rule and rod The.trnths which the soul rcceiveth direct from the heart of God. J. Edgar Jones. 