A QUESTIOiN OF PRO PRIETORSHIP. w A STORY OF THE MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY. Bx Luke Shabp, in Detroit Free Press. When John Wentworth put the last touches to hiB work he stood baok and regarded it . with admiration. He stood with his hands in his pockets and his cap well back on his head, and he felt that glow of self-satisfaction which a man feels who has just finished ax long and arduous task. " Well," he said, as he turned bis head, now this way, and then that, " I call that a first-class job, by George 1" It was certainly a most complete piece of mechanism, every joint perfeotly fitted, yet perfection is never altogether appreciated, and when Mrs. Jones, the landlady, deceived by the silence in supposing that Wentworth had gone out, and thinking the present a goodN time to fix np the room, came in, she gave a scream of terror, and, on catching her breath, cried : " Lrws, Mr. Wentworth, what a start that horrid thing did give me. You're not going to keep that in the house, Mr. Wentworth ?" " Mrs. Jones, let me present you to our dis tinguished fellow-lodger, J. W. Stodgers. I venture to say that a more complete or hand somer skeleton cannot be found in Ann Arbor, Mrs. Jones, if I did wire him myself. John W. will give you little trouble, Mrs. Jones, and if, when we're ont, yon give him a little tonoh up with the duster he will not only appreciate it, bnt yon will also oblige Mr. Smilie and myself, for we are partners in J. W. Stodgers." "Mercy sakes, Til never come into this room if that skeleton is to be here." "Ob, John W. is harmless. Besides, he has been in that box here for some weeks. I've only helped him to colleot himself, as it were." ... At this moment tbe lower jaw of the skull dropped with a click to an angle of forty-five, and Mrs. Jones gave another little shriek as bhe looked with averted gaze at the Bort of dry, bony, silent, fixed laugh of tho skeleton. " That," said Wentworth, with pardonable pride, " is a little device of my own. That jaw stays in place abont, half an hour and then drops. By the way just notice what a lovely set of teeth John W. has. That's the fault I find with most of our American skele tons. They have poor teeth. It seemed to Smilie and me that this fellow mast have been an Englishman, he bad such good grinders, so we ohristened him Stodgers, an aristocratic name over there I am told." " It gives me the chills to look at it," said Mrs. Jories. The fading afternoon light threw deep shadows in the eyeless sockets that gave Mrs. JonsB an uneasy feeling that the ekele- ton waB looking at her. " That's because yon always had ' Lits to board here instead of 'Medics.' You'll get used to John W. He's an nnobstruSive cuss. . ; If everybody minded his own business with the exolnsiveneso J. W. does there wouldn't be much trouble in this world." Wentworth bitterly remembered tlriB re mark later on. At this moment young Smilie came in. "By Jove," said Smilie, in admiration, " you've done that up tiptop, John. Thunder, v I call that a triumph," and he walked around and took a side view of it. "That's what I call a deuced good job for a first attempt. Did you ever see anything handsomer, Mrs. JoneB?" . "Mrs. Jones thinks she has," said Went worth. " It's awful," Bhuddered Mrs. Jones, " To , /- think that that was alive and walked around like the reBt pf as I" " 'And thou hast walked about, how strange a story,' " quoted Smilie. " That's so, it's rough on J. W., isn't it?" Mrs. Jones went down stairs and the medi- cal students closed the door. " His jaw drops a little, John, Baid Smilie, f " That's all right; show the action, yon 'know," acd Wentworth with a ruler touched John W. nnder the chin and the two gleam- - ' . ing rows of teeth came together and remained ' i';Vv in that fixed grin so characteristic of all skele- (tons. .J Wentworth had placed a narrow table against the wall, and on it John W. eat with - ,his skull fastened to the wall so as to keep him upright, while his spindley white legs A"VT dangled down and Bwayed gently to and fro, when the door opened or a breeze came through the window. The medioal students sat down, and Went worth was telling Smilie how he had over come certain difficulties in articulation, when there entered with unnecessary silence' a strangr. " Excuse me, gentlemen," ho eaid. " Beg your pardon," eaid Wentworth, "I didn't hear you knock." " I didn't knock." > "Oh;" " Take a chair," said Smilie. " I will stay but a few moments," replied the stranger. / Of conrse neither of the yonng men knew - all the hnndreds of students at the University, but they thought the stranger belonged to one of the departments, although it seemed odd that he Bhould enter without rapping. . " Have a cigar," said Wentworth, pushing the box towards him. > " I come on business," said the other, " and do not smoke. That is my skeleton." " Oh, exon&e; me," cried Wentworth. "I articulated John W. myself." . " Whom ? " "JobnW. We call him Stodgers. John W. Stodgers." " Oh, you do." "YeB. For convenience. Don't suppose that was bis name." " It certainly was not." " How do you know ? " _ " Because I tell you the skeleton is mine." - : " Show him our receipts for the body, John, You don't understand, I guess, that Went worth and I bought the body and have - the receipts. It's not a store skeleton. It is John's upper and my lower and so we fixed up the bones ourselves." ' _ " I wish to see no reoeipts. You don't ap- , . pear to understand me. When I was alive that skeleton was the frame work of my body." " When yon were alive i" "Certainly;'' " What are yon now t Yon don't mean to pretend that you palm yourself off aB a ghost on us." " If you have any doubts about the matter, just throw that ruler at me." Smilie at once took the stranger at his word and the rnler met no opposition, bdt apparent ly passed through the spectre, and fell clatter- ing to the floor. At that instant the jaw of the skeleton fell with its sudden click, and in the silence that ensued it seemed to regard the spirit with a sort of gleam of recognition. Wentworth walked across the room and pioked up the ruler. ' Coming baek he snapped the jaws shut and sat down. " That's singular, to eay the least, John," said Smilie, helplessly. / At this moment here was a knook at the door. " Come," shouted Smilie. In the gloom they recognised Tom Fulmar one of the students. " Excuse me," said Tom, seeing a stranger present and preparing to withdraw. "No. no, oome in, Tom ; you're just the man we want to see." Tom took the chair offered to him. " I don't juBt know how to introduce you,'! 455 