a.;:: A Question of Proprietorship. . Wentworth. " Tom thia is-a-ah-gen ileman who claims to be the original possessor of this skeleton." " Ah-dispute as to ownership, eh ?" '..." That tendency," answered "Wentworth. " He is, in fact, a-well, a ghost." "A what ?". - , " The gentleman has been dead for«some time," putin Smilie, the task of explaining having seemingly got beyond Wentworth. " And while alive this was his skeleton." " Oh', oome now, Smilie, what aria you giv ing ua." r- -: . . _/ _ _ " Faot," said Smilie,." just tossed thisjraler . through him. Try it." i Palmer hesitated. v " It will perhaps convince you quicker than anything else, and don't inconvenience me in the least," said the apparition. Fulmer tossed the ruler, with the same result as before. He was very short-sighted and he adjusted his eyeglasses and peered across the table at the ghost, who stood imp&sBively; as he had done from the first. " I say, Wentworth, just strike a light will you." Wentworth lit tho large lamp that stood on top of the bureau. The ghost appeared an ordinary-looking man, dressed as any man might ha. Fulmer, with corrugated brow, jgazedafe him while Smilie and Wentworth fftt a sort of momentary pride of ownership, as if their possession of the skeleton gave them a kind of proprietorship in the spectre. The amiable skeleton, which now shone white in the bright light, seemed to beam in a benevolent way on its former owner. " Sit down," said Falmer, " I hate to talk to a-person-standing." The spectre sat down. ? " Now, what nse is this skeleton to you? " began the young lawyer, hia professional in stinct getting the better of his amazement. " That, if you will pardon me, is no one's business but my own. 1 may say I want it placed where I will know where to find it-or I may say that I don't choose to have it re main here, the subject of saoffing and con tumely. " Oh, you're wrong there," said Wentworth. «< We both have the greatest respect for John W. He is a guide, philosopher, and friend as well as instructor." " Just let me handle this case," said Fal mer with a backward wave of his hand'. " Now, what shall I call you ? " " What you please," ' "Well, we will say the plaintiff. .Now, plaintiff, in the first place you would have to prove to the satisfaction of a jury that this is your skeleton. We deny hat it is your a. "I " 01 course we do," put in Smilie. We bought the body and John wired it." " I don't mean that. The defence takes the ground that this particular skeleton is not the bones ol the plaintiff, but the bones of John W. Stodgers, dftooased. Now it would rest with yon to prove that this was your skeleton, and as people are not in the habit of having a private mark on their skeletons, I flatter myBelf we would have you right at the beginning of tho caea." " Ton are a very young lawyer," replied the ghost with a sort of a post mortem sneer. u If. you examine the teeth of that skeleton you will find the one on the left lower side next the baok filled with silver, and, if neoes sary, I can tell your intelligent jury tho sort of cap that is under the silver to cover the nerve that once was there." All the young men looked at J. W., who, as if enjoying the point made by its other self, suddenly clicked down its jaw and beamed on Folmer with its silent laugh. W#ntworth took up the lamp and looked at the lower jaw. " YeB, Fulmer," he s&id;," that's so." " Well, we'll waive that point-we'll waive that point," said the young lawyer, with ill affeoted airiness. " I think you might as well," said the ghost dryly. , " But the real nub of the case would be in this: Can a man once dead lay claim to any Fart of the property he owned while alive ? don't recollect any parallel case to yours ex actly, but I have some knowledge of the statutes of Michigan," this modestly, and I think all the tendencies of law would be against you. When a man is dead there is no question but that his next of kin have the right to cremate, to embalm or to bury his body. They might sell it, I imagine, although that is rarely done in first-class society. Now the point I would make before a jury "would be " " I have no wish to discuss law with yon. I have demanded the skeleton and I propose to have it whether you are willing or not." \ " Just write that down, boys," said Fulmer. " He hints at burglary." " See here," said Wentwortb," yon are not the man we dissected. I believe you're a fraud." " Do yon ?" returned the ghost. " I'll eon vince you in order to save myself further trouble. I can take any one's form. For instance, that of a rising lawyer." And with that tho figure before them was an exact counterpart of young Folmer. The next instant the ghost was himself agaia. " By jove," said Smilie, '. what a splendid lightning change artist he would make." "Say," said Fulmer, " what would you take for a night at the big hall? You oould per sonate the head of the University and sing, ' I want to be an Angel' with splendid effect." "I am in no mood for chaff," said the speoter, severely. "Finally, will you give up my skeleton ?" " Let him have his old bones," said Smilie. "I certainly will not," cried Wentwortb. " Why, Smilie, I had to drill 150 holes in that skeleton. No, sir! J. W. Stodgers remains here." . T^Remdins is good," said Fulmar. * " Well, Mr. Wentworth, when you get tired of .the fight just give that skeleton a decent burial." With that the ghost was gone. ' " So long," cried Smilie. " What are you going to do, Went worth ? It's you and the ghost, it seems." " Do ? Why, keep J. W., of oourse." Next day there was an astounding charge against Wentworth. A passenger coming np from Detroit by the early train had been met on the road from the station by a student exactly answering Wentworth'a description, who demanded money at the point of a pistol, and the passenger would have undoubtedly been robbed if two others coming along had not frightened the culprit, who eaoaped. Nothing but Smilie's solemn oath that Went worth was asleep at the time-ifcwas Saturday morning, saved Wentworth. On Sunday all Ann Arbor was eoandalieed as it came from ohriroh by seeing Wentworth staggering along the street in a state of beastly intoxication. . The professors hauled him over the coals, and it was in vain that he protested he had spent the day worthily, trying to catch fish up the^ river.' He went homo mad and, as J. W. grinned at him as he camc in, he seized the ruler and smashed io the trap door j&w.; The ruler did not pass through the bony part of J. W., as it did through its spectral counterpart. Next day Wentworth was too ill to attend class. Smilie left him and wended his way to college. He had just taken his seat while the Professor was jotting down names prepara tory to a " quiz" when an unearthly yell at tracted all eyes to the top tier of seats that descended one by one down to the operating table. There stood Wentworth on the back of the highest seat. " One, two, three, look out for me," he shouted, and with that he ran swiftly down the backs of the seats, jumping over the stu dents' heads, hopping lightly on the " subject" that lay covered up on the revolving plank, then sprang among the lady students who, scattered soreaming, and thenoe up to the top of the opposite tier. "Now for a jump across the arena. Never attempted by anyone outside of this circus." "Catch him," Bhouted somebody. "He's insane." At that Wentworth made for the narrow stairway, Smilie and another after him. He beat them easily across the oampus and ent ered the door of his boarding place. When the two students burst into the room they found Wentworth sitting doefully look ing at the damaged front of Stodgers, and he swore he had not been out that morning. Next day he got notice of dismissal from the University. As he eat by his window stubbornly refus ing to be conquered by a ghost, and yet aware that perhaps some people would not believe the whole story if he told it, he saw his double on the opposite side of the street. " By George 1" he cried, I'll have it out with him. If they sdb ua both there they'll believe my story/ He seized the ruler and Btarted put. The ghost looked behind him, and then it too had a ruler in its hand. Nearing the postoffice the ghost came suddenly up to a.group of men, hit out right and left with the club, dtruok a policeman across the face, and lied towards Wentworth. The crowd_ pursued. As it came to Wentworth it vanished into thin air, and, the next instant Wentworth was? in the hands of the outraged constable. From tbe lockup the dejected young man wrote to Simlie: For my sake, buy a cemetry lot and bury John W. Stodgers. oharging the cost to me. YoarB. WKNTWORTH. That ended the.fight. Wentworth, I regret to say, is not the first student who came to grief by letting spirits get the better of him. 