Caulfield Trainin g Notes Tuesday. The near SppYCteSh of thfi spring meeiiog of the V.AT.C. makes the doiScfa d flttle m >r« interuft iug tban.tb'dV have been of lafS, - T6 weather t <d»y was CfiiS aud fro8tyn and tKC're Was g fefge buisber of t >U's on the lirb&tid;, fuCtudfag twd ladies, who veeSJod to take a great interest l-i -(fie tnorniogls As per usual, a little -before. Q or&iocs;, Mr iafeits L ed. Allen aud Binndin were desStchAJ on the sand aud given Acouple' of turns at a Giutet, tbA last-named doing another turn et three paitA pace. J, Leek called upon Kenneth to do t»o improving tares qu J-h: esnd where Master John was rattled idcmg for about five furlongs in good.. 1 sty le. The Cixp caisdfSaid. Ben Bolt, had. Mick O' (Lien. fur a Uot la a" gaftdp oter » mile and -half, (Jhuckotef being his ccmptwfon for tbjirt seven furl >n«8. Be «mj6t tfrhppSd 'writ, the foref u&t;&g; on to the end < f his "jotfraey aTon6j SViishini all crut< The. gallop did not pleae thetntttSin fa-. t. he was either over weighted or be is Over-rated. She Darby horde, ffhitebait, with a hood . pa, was givefi loug useful Wofk. Western's sraltopoVrf the Cup disraoce o'?d not ieate any lrwpressiopi Youog tiuratio&nd; OJaiendoD were extended over a mile, and Viarfield spurted five ui longs at EM beet pace, Lando doing the same Thn Siiverfnind and BoD&lfl; Doon spread them selves out f >( a gdofi vtiaa rotiad Of the cotlrce proper, the pair a quitting tbefifcelVed well 'ihe fanner b -s 'quite recovered from his late indippodtion, nod. &U; : ecine wel',- wl'l be about in the (.Hp. Retort, Bonnie Lad, and another, ran & tdod mile in eompauy on the g ass, while foot'orau and Caufaud were ratt <-d OnOn roun-1 th-- sand. Grade Darling, after a I ir,g center, les out for a good serviceable gal fop of opC'e round the oourse, Empress brlngiugher along the' fefter portion. The Caulfield Cup- winner of last year Is in great; heart, locking remarkably well. Gaafly had Hot Don in trouoie at th end of a fast five fwlonsB 0 -tlAi'e grass, where the two fz&f; tfi&i; Nect-arine, Carnival, and Julian Gray, were bdng excfC fdd Freston executed a good working gallop over 'the Cup cffstfttxSe by. him self, while Nabdck vish . and ..Geraldiee, , two of Mr, Oonnelly's jampera. were Strioing (1 the sand/ Little John started off over a mile and a half with Jack (Or a cemparfen, who brought him along for ab -Ut « mile, then his brother Jim Cain m-de him extend irmse'f for the remainder the jwrney. : This horaelaagrwtaluggard.. If. Lecg gave Cestui and Alexandra five ftCrlougS ftt their beer op the grass, , where Daystar and Meersebaum wejb doi->g some spurting, famerine being restrietedkj some medium- pace work, and The Ghost rattled along over six furlongs, with J. Williams in the saddle. After breakfast T. Jooes's string Were being put through some steady exercise, and. Blrocoo. Gleut wo th. Lottery, a j%x, Brunette, Land Shark, Lady Asbton, and others Were doing useful work. Wednesday. as the course proper ij only thrown open. three morningd £ week, the trainers can only exerolae their horses on the safid and tan track ; therefore the work doie on what is called the off mornings is very moDotonoue. Mr. Kelly hao out the horses Ben Bolt, Chucfcster, and We- tern, doing goo d preparatory; work. 1 he rest of his string only cantered. J. Leak gave Kenneth, Master Joho, and Beokwith iongs<oW exercise. He bas the whole of these horses looking healthy and wdi. . F, Leng .let Preston stride along at ab mt half pace after a canter. Albanns, Berkeley, Cudiand, Footmtn, apd others in Mr. Bence's stable doing good healthy work M. Doyle was giving . darendpn, Young Horatio, and St Albert eaty exercw j and Mr ' W. tSoran did net ask Little John nor the rest of hie team to do any fast wo k Nell Campbell, who le in charge of Mr. Talbot's horses exercised Highland Chief, Blondin, Agnes, and the two- year- old, Lord Allen. Mr,Duflett had Grace Darliog, Ghost, Hot Iron, Crane, Gadfly. Empress, aud MliLtream os the ground, but only did' moderate work. Messrs Jones, Davis, Upunelley, .Roberts, Harper, and Batty 'a strings were given use ful exercise. Thursday. This morning was beautifal and fine A little after 6 o'c ock Kenneth wadespatched for a furioi g flutter, Master John bringing him home, the latter . portion of the j rnrney, but the time registered wai nothing extraordinary. Then QrtWn Brand was sent once round for bit <ti an extender, while Carnarvon and Eugene in a five-furlong spin together. Lord Allen and Highland Chief were sent three or four furlongs On the sand., at about three parte pce. Anarchy did her usual spurt on the grass. Waifield and Ls;do doing likewise at intervals. Utile John spread out for a round of the course proper, in company witb J »ck. Then Jim Cain made him extend himself f.-r another round, the time b<ing good. The Cap favourite iBon Bolt) and Cbackat-r were let out together f r a gallop over a mile and a half, the fetter retiring at a mile, the former finishing the jouraey alone ; but there w s nothing to b9 learned fr. m the ge. Western, in the same stable, did a mid in even rime. Clarendon, who had his trainer (Doyle) up, performed a good gallop over the Cup d'.stauce, St/ Albert being his attendant. the first .portion of the journey, and loung Horatio the latter. This was considered a good go, G&efend; and Albanus were striding over the sand track, while King of the West was doiog some strong work on the tan. Mia Mia and Epicurean sported half a mile cn tbe grass, and Delamia w&s; doing some easy work on the saod. fcilveimlne caused a flatter of exc temeut among the toots when he accomplished the best rouod of tbe morning tn company with .Bonnie Doon. He pulled up sound and well. Then Grace Darliog rattled along in her usual style over once round the course, Empress and Gadfly run ning half a mile in good time. The Metropolitan hero, Bohemian, put imao appearance, looking none riie worse for h'a trip over the border, and was lent two improving turns on th tan, where Chicago and Faithful were doing medium work. New York and Stag strode alontr at three-quarter pace, going well Camerine was doing striding exercise on 'the grass. Day Star and Meerschaum were spurting on The same pfeoc. There were several other horses doing medium work. / Friday. The e was not much work dohe tbis morning, thus making thlrgs a bit monotonous. However, J Leak was the first to start proceedings by giving Kenneth, Master John, Beckwith, and the teat of his string useful exercise Mr. Kelly gave Ben Bo'Ij, Wester. Cbucster, Lando Anarchy, and others of his string, medium-paoe work ; and Hi/C mnelly's string of jumpers were doing some strong work. Little John put in 6oine long; slow work on the tan tra k, where tho is<t. of: Mr. tfran's horse exerci -ed Clarendon, St. Albert, and Young Horatio were doing 1 their customary prance oti the sand track. T. Jons gave Bohemian, New. York, Mia Mi», Epicurean, Loois II., Dcbm'% ani others of hi team, a v-?ry light tank to perform ; while Messrs. Davlx, Roberts, Campbell, Duffet, and Long did not ask their charges to do anything worrit recording. 