(Utnlirntntioti nt Mi, «fuii3G Chtireh, Ott Monday waning the V,i»ht ttcv, Dr, Webber, llidf/p of iltUi/Mia, agisted byflic Itey#, T, Aon/;, J, Yosicjt, j Hunt, and Itemard Wdvm, «dml«f.<te/ed the rite of ttohfimntfan at fit James Church when, n might m watoti, there wa a very large attendance to witness the ceremony, Tho oandldabA for (Sonftmtdiou numbered 34 in all, 28 oi wlrni were young indies, while f ho remainder Uh/nged to the opt>osUo sex As uwsJ on each oncosis, ti a sj/tcini series of imyer and hymn hart been prepared lor the mvu itm, ami thevs w eta oircalatod amnghi tlmwmgrcgaMvn in pamphlet form as I bey enteral the ehttteh, Tie tctvke oixm&i; with the singing of the hyrnn "My Hod Acocj/t my heart tbb day," niter which the preparatory prayer to the Confirmation was read by the ltev, iictnntd Wife on, at the comlmlon of which t hi bishop proceeded to address tho candidates. Ho said that before ho put tho question to the candidates that ho would hnvo to do, he desired to say one or two words for tho purpose ot impressing upon them tho solemnity of tho vow they wetc nbont to undertake. Ho wished thcra to think fot ono moment of the question w hich would be put to them, nnd tho answer they would make — namely, " I do." In this on«e tho weight of tho words was not to bo measured by their number, but by their im portance, Thoy would have to bear in miud that thoy enmo'to tho altar rather to receive than to givo, not to confirm, but to lie con firmed. They came to ask for a blessing at their Father's hands Hint they might be strengthened with the Holy Ghost, thnt their capabilities might ho daily increased for receiving tho manifold gifts of tho Holy Oliost, tho spirit of knowledge, true Godliness, and that they might bo filled with the spirit of tho Holy Ghost now nnd for ever. Thoy enmo to receivo seven fold gifts, nnd tho question and nnswer was intended to awaken in them thnt need nnd guidance of tho Holy Comforter. It was thnt they might bo more rondy to receivo that tho question nnd answor preceded tho rest of tbo service. Let tlicm try nnd think now even nt that eleventh hour nnd lift up a silent prayer in their hearts, nnd think of nil the meaning of the words nbout to ho used, how far thoy reached among all through this life, the life beyond the life, nnd the vistas of etcrnnl hfo. Tho meaning thnt they did know was that they had great trials, temptations, nnd dnngor to overcome. It meant n fixed de termined purpose, nnd to come nr.d ask God to givo them strength to lead n bettor life. In the preliminary prayer the words " that children being now come to discretion " bad been used. What was the menniog of tho words years of discretion ? llo had often been asked how old pcoplo should bo when they wro confirmed 7 llo had answered ho did not know, ns the church had laid down no rnlo on that point. Somo pcoplo woro not confirmed until they were far advanced in life, nnd as there were no instructions ns to tho ago nt which pcoplo should be con firmed, it had been decided thnt tho rite should bo ndrninifltorod when they had arrived at tho years of discretion, being aiilo to cbooso right from wrong, and to ask for tho grace nnd strength of tho Holy Spirit. Con firmation meant to be mndo strong, to bo strengthened in all that was good, strength ened in tbo power of conquering evil, nnd to fight manfully under Christ's banner unto their life's end. Thoy knew tbo words to bo tiscd in prayer not.only lend us not into tem ptation, hut bring us through temptation. Ho would urge on them to kneel in silent prayer oven then for n few minutes, nnd in secret pray in their hearts that in socking confirmation they might havo strength to pcreovoro to tho end so that thoy could look back on their confirmation nnd sco how far they hnd tried to carry out tho promises mndo on that occasion, nnd If they hnd lapsed to mnku amend. . Tho candidate wero then asked whether they renewed tho solemn promises nnd vow thnt wn mndo fnt their baptism, nnd duo reply having l>ccn rcccircd in tho nffimattro tho Bishop offered up prayer, after which the hyrnn "Holy Spirit, Lord of Lovo was sung. Tho candidates then presented thorn- sclyos to tho Bishop for confirmation, after which tho hymn " O, Jesus, I have promised" wnssnng, nt tho conclusion of which tho Bishop then delivered n second address. Ho said thnt he would liko to say two or three words before thoy separated thnt evening which might help them. First of nil, ho would very briefly indicate tho necessary things thnt thoy should never allow to slip. Firstly they should encourage tho hnbit of Fccrct prayer on which was grounded all true religion nnd a Godly life. Tho mnn or woman who did not pray could not expect to lend an earnest life. Prayer would liavo to ho more than a mere request in words, and they would hnvo to recollect they wero nd- drcssing their Father in Henven. Prayer must bo, real nnd earnest. Tho most real time of tbeir livo was when they wero ' offering up their prayers to God, nnd they flhouM endeavor to follow out more strictly tho beautiful words In Peebio's byron "That wo may bo helped to live moro nearly as wo pray," Then ngnin, ns to social life bo was sure thnt a large amount of good was pro ductive from tho various guilds and societies which woro held in connection witli tho various churches at homo, and he would liko to sec something of tho snmo sort formed in Toowoomba, feeling sure that bencficlol re. salts would nccrao. Ho could cito Instances upon instances of young people who wfcro living nn upright, Godly life, mainly from tho beneficial training that they had received white Attending tbeso classes, nnd ho felt sure that tho 9nrr o could bo done here. His Lordship concluded with ognin urging npoa tho candidates who hnd been confirmed to recollect the vow they hnd undertaken and lend their live accordingly. Tho hymn "Through tho night of doubt and sorrow" having been sung, tho service concluded with the Benediction. 