QUIET LIVES. QUEEN. JNerer at any time in the world s his tory was life so tumultuous, so agitated, so turbulent as it is now. The rushing stream has swept all before it ; and scarcely a nation is left as a quiet stretch of backwater,where no ripples are felt of the mad wild race which uproots the stoutest oaks and batters down the hardest rocks. In former days it was only one nation at a time that stirred and tossed the tranquil current. Here an Alexander and there a Xerxes-an : over full hire of Phoenicians throwing off its colonising swarms-the Roman's thirst for war-the Barbarian's need of grain, of plunder, of room to spread, of softer conditions of life - the gamecock-like fighting and spurring of neighboring rivals-all these the world has seen,when abundance of localised movement went on, ana trie Torrent lor us own lengtn swirled free and fast. But tho rest of the great family stood by, either watching in silence or in absolute ignorance ; and the quiet backwaters were still undisturbed. .Now, where do we find them 1 Nowhere ! The -pathless wilds of Africa aro crossed and recrossed by parties of explorers as numerous as foraging ants in a forest. The short green summer of Norway is as gay and noisy as our own Iiake district from' May to September. Spain and Russia, Persia and Madagascar, Lapland aud the Pacific Islands, all are swept over by the great modern rush of restless activities ; and the sharp lines of demar cation which once separated nation from nation are being lost in the general flow. What is true of the world at large is true also of England-of the places which used to be so many social backwaters - and the lives which once were quiet, uneventful, and deep-rooted. The most stagnant country town there is has its daily post and its railway station-its ? active part in the great inheritance of living history-like a vein which de pends for its existence on the heart and the artery, filled and throbbing in unison with the great centre. Queen Anne lies buried for ever beneath the floor of the Board School ; aud the superstitions bom of igncrance, as well as the lawlessness bred by isolation, have vanished like ghosts when''the cock crows and the morning dawnB. The backwaters are now tributaries ; and the former quiet little islands, now submerged, make whirlpools "rather -than offer so many obscure Zoars, ?where the hoarse cries of the Stock Exchange were not heard, where the bookmaker had no foothold, where ambition was lost iu peace, and energy set itself to sleep with lotus seeds. Truly life used to be somewhat dreary at times in those quiet backwaters ; and Zoar had as much the aspect of an hypre tlira 1 prison as of a city of refuge. Among human instincts craving nourish ment and compelling recognition, is that we call the dramatic ; and the dramatic instinct flourishes whether its site be a forty-acre field or a flower-pot in the back yard. Those who cannot feed it with the stream of history as it transacts itself in large events, water it well with cupfuls of dirty water taken out of the village ditch. All quiet lives are not given up to gossip, and we would Daint some of the supremesfc dignity and loveliness. The mien who live down at their places in the country-managing their estates-fulfill ing such public offices as fall to their Bhare-careful landlords-good citizens setting examples of probity and wise thought, of moral uprightness and mental liberality - keeping abreast with the literature, the science, the politics of the day-men who sweep out of their path all gossip and ill-nature, all narrowness of mind and meanness of action-these are the deep-rooted oaks of which England may well boast herself, the sons of whom she is justly proud, the men who have made her < what she ia, and who are still the backbone of the nation. Dating from the dim years of the long ago, the family have held the lands with which their very lives seem now to be incorpo rated. Ko stain ia on the .well-kept ermine j no blot on the escutcheon marks where- a traitor, .a ruffian, a criminal forgot his high "tradition* and betrayed his inherited trust. They hare always been noble and worthy ; and; the doctrine of heredity :ia justified in their unwritten history. Intensely rational; they are in no way nomadic. They bide at home, and do not think it necessary to vary their lives by a season in London during; the winter-when they are most wanted by their neighbors and the poor ; or- by a summer at the seaside-when their gardens and the country are at their best, and metropolitan friends are most easily amused and most gladly dealt with. Years pass by and they keep at home ; nor do they find their health decay, for want of change, nor their intellect de teriorate for the same cause. The conse quence of this undivided attention to their own afifaira arid the affairs of the parish, is, that their estates are the best managed, their .tenants the most prosper ous, . their, crime lists and poor-rates the lowest of any to be found within hail. Other quiet lives aro there which make their own path beautiful, and oiler, as it were, a shade where the mora restless spirits may Bhelter themselves from the glare of the noontide and the heat of the battle.: A. man who has enough whereon to live with dignity and sufficiency-who cau educate his sons like gentlemen, and put away a modest having for his daugh ters-who has no need to -work on his own account, and who can therefore give place to those with whom work is life, and whose bread must be won before it can be eaten-a man content with a com petency, and not averse from home duties and. unambitious study-how rare this picture, and how sweet and beautiful when found ! In the feverish ambi tion by which we are driven aB by a tempest and tormented as by a sick ness, to come across oue who is content with his place and satisfied with his for tune, is both a choice charm and a fair find. One sees in him the re-embodi ment of that old philosophy of quiesence which was once considered the highest wisdom of men. To store his mind with noble thoughts-to order his household with dignity and moderation-to bring up ^nlldron nn flia linoo liKarol onlf.nrf* his children on the lines of liberal culture j and flawless honor-to wrest no man's < place from, him by needless strife-to < diminish no man's fortune by greedy i hairing-to cultivate his own little plot i diligently and up to the highest point of i perfection possible, rather than to wander i abroad into the acres of others, squander- i ing his energies, and dispossessing the weaker-this is a life which, we say again, i3 as beautiful as it is raro. In the rush of the mighty torrent foaming onward, ever onward-in the roar of the great stream of life, where forces meet and clash, and the great endeavor of each particlo is for mastery and precedence those quiet lives of practical philosophy are worth all the sermons preached against ambition by the vicar dreaming of the archdeacon at the last gasp. Example has its own magnetic atmosphere, which at tracts as powerfully as a loadstone when placed near steel, and produces its like as the echo gives back the word. A. quiet life- which is not the same a3 an indolent, an undutiful, a sell-indulgent life-has an influence on all who come within its circle. ; And th# influence is good becauw restful, A quiet life has time to give to the poor and those whose lines have fallen in thorny places. "Void of ambition in its own boun daries, it has a store of energy for useful and personally unproductive work. That energy not sought to bo transformed into personal wealth is liberated for the wealth of others ; and the poor and needy benefit by the philo sophy which is content with what it has by the acquiescence which accepts its portion and does not strive for more.1 Naturally, a nation made up of these quiet lives would fall far back to the rear of things, and would end by being wiped out. The law of life is strife and struggle, and of society-discontent and endeavor to amend what is amiss. But the few exceptions which both prove and give ad ditional force - to the rule have their ovrn special value, more especially in a time of general turmoil and universal uprooting like the present. These lives are analogous to the buried seed which must germinate before the flowers and fruits and further seeds can be had. Had we no quiet lives without ambition, con tented with Belf-culture, useful work for others, and family duties,weshould fall to pieces like seeded thistledown, carried by the wind to places where it could not germinate. Let no man revile this unob trusive fashion of life. It has its uses and its beauty ; and at least is free from the reproach of greedy grasping at more, when ' it has enough of its own- to the fatal loss of those who have nothing and Vant alL 