Myrtle Fraser; OR, -TWAS PRIMROSE TIME. -~---a---- FCHAPTEiR VIII. ' MVERTLEi miy dear, byou are more like alily than a rose !'says Mrs. Lloyd, folding her to. her bosom, and looking into the inignon face with motherly tenderness. iKent evidbontly does not siut yott; the Colonel must take up his quarters hoere for a time, if the lily is to be replaced' by tile rose.' '.,on's thlinkl me ungrateful. dear "'Mr'.:loid, but':iiideed, I prefr the quiet of the country to the bustle of And she tries to convince her friend of ,hot sin cerity by the ghost: of a smzl,. il lioughli saociety was to. her a- n.ee~ssbiy as the air she b'reathed In repiv; to: Mis. Lloyd's endeavour to rally fhor- the depression which had ssttled oii 'iferminid, slie- says, ' Siup .posn6g Mr. hight should object to inmc \--what t ,en ?' , 'It will be yrou own fault; my.love; ' h :'?h,-I'd stake yni, diamndil usuite that you would sos all theo eligibles in. a siate of acute matrimonial fever if you Swould oly. enter, the lists. ' But I have no. desire, to.eateh tliese silly iiioilis. I n?vlr idendad to i?arry; I am not good enough for a worthy; man, and too Quixotic tor a bad One !' :.;. " ?Iteally, Myrtle; you are adl fegular iitb 'itlegipsC: ; ;,biitalk in cihigihoms, and .. charni by your oricinulity andnaivete. ' iind.? . :u iimei.tnio be msmma at your wvedoing ig"nd .present you with your bidaul' veil; yovbur dear ni6tlhf "and I ,. werelike sisters and I look upon you .,,almost as if you were my ,own dear child ?' • "cli cd? 2 !, : _.·:. · :,!. ·.. · . ·... . (. . Every word uttered by the genat'e !ady is a:fresh stab ,to the girl, whose 'life is fast becdilng i buraden to her. But she muiles and returns her ;: friepd's caresses witha:idreary, hopeless sebsation at her heart that nothing ean chuas~ ot dric iaway". . . Why is everybody iao kind to mo P: S iurunurs the girl, half alohd. 'Because you are such a ivinning Slittle ffty, .who, takes, us all by storm. But 'thereo! I ?istiu't flaiter you,'-this with ainmery smile.'-5..therearce plenty to do that to perfection without me. ' WVould thatI could summon nerve S enough to throw vmyself at your feet an"d i loafdss all ! ' thinkslMyrtle. 'I know you love me! Bah! I am a -'-'%cbwai-d a piftlfu lcowaiud ! I Would that .I could di'!' " . I"'Mculdsienig i ome dearest, cheerup,' . initerrupts ..tlievivaciouas little lady; ' I do believe :you arc in love. If I am righit ?lho ? '' ppyj I shall Ie If there ?s i ?i?yt ? ing I d ??liight in, it ? the ex c aitemuentiof,?a,. wedding,--the bells, ' favoirs, lacs,; satins , an'd presents; they : .all set?' ma inid deliciobuis flutter, and really you lwoUldbe ,the .bride of the coiing season. Now, that is not flattery.' '~2But surely, ,Mrs. Lloyd,,I cannot very w71 be.fa biido sAlthout that iu portant appondagce-a bridegroom !' ,.lattghIsDlyrble,'in a spirit of momentary S'mischiief th'ait 'wvill fdioce itsdlf in spite of her misery. . ' Leave that to me. I shall have the place besieged with any amount o::f red coats when they hear Colonel :"bFras?'s 8beautiful .daughter is staying with me' 'I shall have to mike a retreat tb'e'? for I in at'it~iLay to reeivv e the fire of the o\whole battery,' laughs Myrtle. ' e sl~ill seoof ~itaiiY St. "'John ] week, by-tleibo- le hass'?eeni ,isiti's al : I dy Bing'gam's:-= I fancy thero wi I obe a In teh be;wee.him a, d pre:ty little Clara. H is a dilear' good fellow-one of my cspeoil.faviouriho: what'Istyle ?a gem of a boy, the good lady: rattles oi, lit~iedreaming how every word.is stabbing t?le poor. child ans she sits'withli her finagers tightly en twined, and an agony of rcmorse and bitternees battling in heir wayward heart. ' Captain St 'ohn coming herie ?' she says, nmeichnically, hlier faco' liteially. burning i~ith" the hot tide 'thbat has surged into it at the mere mnention of his loved name. . . " - - ' , 'Yes, dear, so he told the ,General. But, how wonderfully; like your dear mother you look now.! 1 aev?er noticed it so strikingly before. :You'i have a flush ; she, p.or darling, had a colour like :arolse, when .we were:at'school in the old days. Alas ! it: soon faded. I trust your life may be brighter tlian hers; dear child.'. 'What caused: her unhappiness?' *asks Myrtle, listlesslyi . ' ' The loss of your baby sister broke her heart, bicause she blamed herself for- But hush ! here comes your papa, and I know the past is too sad a subject for him.' 'How strange I never beard of Myrtle having had..a'sister i' she thinks. 'But there ! as it was not in'her life time; I suppose she had not 'even been told of it.' .' I have interrupted a tite-.-ttec, I fear ladies,' says the Colonel, cheerily;' buit I have a pleasant surprise for you, my:i dear Myrtle I have been to Tattersall's and bought a splendid .mare for you. It's a .perfect. bay in colour, and as gentle?' as a lamb. Now haven't. I earned a kiss' " " '' ' Oh, the wicked mockery of pressing my false lips to that. dear kind man's :: she thinks, as she obeys him in a dreamy fashion, and thanks him with tearful eyes and trembling lips. \- ' Well, Myrt!e, imy darling, how do you like your first stay in town ?' asked. her doting, father, after about a week of gaiety. :' Very much, papa; I feel better al ready.' 'But Ihere is still a look of pain in your face at times, as if you were suffer ing in secret, 'and keeping back some trouble; is it s", child ? Iemeneber, we are all the world to each other; you and I are the last of the Frasrrs, and there should he no secrets between us.' 'If only 1 could summon the courage to tell hiox Ill, and throw myself on his mercy!' she thinks; but she repels the idea with a shudder of fear l st, in his wrath at dashing his hopes eternally, he should brand her as a criminal, and send her to herd with felons. 'I know of nothing, papa, except that headaches attack me very suddcnly at times, that is all.' 'Are you quite sure that your heart is free- that someone has not stolen it from you?' 'No,'- this with a conspicuous blush that does non escape him; but be wisely forbears to probe her heart further, merely remarking, by way of reply to Iher laconic negative, ''Then we must seek a cure for your ailment abroad; we will go'to Italy, and then to Switzer land,. and try what the mountain air will do.' 'Peace' of mind; an unstained con science, is allI need,' she thinks, sadly, as her.father leavrs her. to sorrowful retlection. -. '~. - '-Capt6in' St. John hauifts the charnm ikihgoris6;:io South Kenisiington;; but Myrtle iivades~gll ' scrt inti??viecws with 'liii;- resilved not .to en courage himhn in his mad pass;ion; lest the awakening, which might happen at any 'mioment, should urush all brightness out of his life and leave him a wreck on the shores of love. ' Why does she persistently elude me ?' he thinks, moodily. 'I know she loves me; the spell of that sweet kiss is on me now. Oh, the bliss, the ecstasy of that moment !--t;he betrothal of souls!-I must beseech her pity for very love's sake !' But he 'little knew' her motives; how resolute she was for both their sakes that the dream of bliss should not be renewed, at least, until she c'ould confess all and let him decide her future and his. 'Really, Everal, you surprise me !' says Mrs. Lloyd, when 'heconfides to her the sweet secret of his love for Myrtle. 'I always thought Clara Bingham was to 1e the futuie Mrs. St. John. But why don't you speak out ?--remember, ' Faint' heart never won fair lady.'' 'I have already declared: my love.' 'Goodness gracious! you don't mean to say she rejected your suit ?' 'No; she did not wholly decline.' 'Then she must have only post poned the happy moment; that in itself is an encouragement. 'I' wish I could think so; I am such a prey to doubts and fears.' 'My dear Everal,' there is hope. Why not take heart 'of grece: and renew your pleadings ?' ?' That is my earnest wish, and I waint your'kind aid. She perplexes me. Sometimes I fancy she is cap tious, at others coquettish. I only know I am very miserable, for mine is a nature that cannot endure suspense. 'I will try my best to ascertain her feelings towards you, and to put in a good word judiciously in your behalf. There is no one I should like better as a husband for our beautiful Myrtle.' 'I am grateful to you, Mrs. Lloyd, and shall be your debtor as long as I live,' he says, raising her hand to his lips in his courtly, winning fashion. That afternoon Mrs. Lloyd keeps her promise to Everal by saying, as she and Myrtle sit over their ten, ' What a charming follow Everal St. John is! But, somehow, he seems changed recently.: I wonder whatthe cause i ; perhaps ho is in love ?' ' I don't know, I am sure,' Myrtle stammers.. 'Perhaps.Olara may have something f6'odo with it; so you hinted, at least, the other day.' ' But I find I was mistaken, my dear,' she says, significantly. 'I could make a better guess, I fancy. May I try?' 'I know what you allude to; but indeed, it cannot be. I will never marry, as I told you before.' 'Really, you provoke me to feel almosti vexed:! You an old maid, with beauty and wealth ? Why, you might as well try to convince me the moon,.isi made of green cheese as that !I' . ; 'I cannot help it, dear Mrs. Lloyd. I am sorry for. him; but, indeed, I never gave him any encouragement.' As Myrtle says these grave words, an expression of acute anguish shows that her verdict affects her quite as sadly as it would do Everal. Liko a wise tactician, the bright little matron does not pursue the theme, but resolves to wait and watch lor a more politic opportunity: '.Ihere is bustle and excitement at the Lloyde'. A Cinderella dance -cing announced, florists and con rfecutioners are min great request. 'So my little friend, Olara, is com ing, after all?' remnarks Mrs. Lloyd, who is flitting about here, there, and everywhere, superintending arrange ments. * Yes; I am so gl id, for I really love her. the is the truest, best girl in all the wordi !' says M.yrtle, enthusiasti clly, her eyes emphasizing every word of praise. 'I was about to.say,.hsd I not bettor go .'n; tothe station and meet her?' ' By all meoans ! Iwill ring for thlle broughhm at once, and. you can'call at my flonist's on yqur -way/ and rcmind him:' of the lilies and ferns, which have not. come.' Glad tih'be of service to so kind a hos tess, iMyrtl hastens end dons her out door toilette ~vith a lighter heart than she has known for some weeks, because she is about to meet a girl she is much attached to, and- who has given such ploofs of her devotion and loyalty. ' You will be sure not to forget the liliesand fer as?' Myrtle is saying to the shopwoman, when her eyes fall upon a weather-beaten seaman in his rough pea-jacket and straw hat, accom panied by a girl whose face sends the life-blood surging wildly through her heart. 'Sixpence, miss, for that rose,' says the man, in his bluff, hearty way. Won't fourpence do? That's a big price, miss, for one little rose.' While he is speaking, his fair companion is smiling., radiantly at the floral treasures surrounding her; and Myrtle, with a fac that looks lke death, is grasping a chair for support, her eyes literally blazing with terror. Staggering towards the girl, she gasps in a strange, hollow tone, 'Is it Myrtle Fraser risen from the grave? Speak ?' The girl looks into blyrtle's face; and then in a dazed tone, says, as she presses her hand to her forehead, 'I don't know anything. He. will tell you.' 'Yes miss, you are right. Dang it all, you are the young lady that was aboard with us.' SBut tell me, Myrtle-speak ! Why are you so strange?' she implores. 'She, poor lass, is not right here,' touching his forehead ' She hurt her poor head; but-this is a;happy day, for her friends will now take care of.'her better than i couid, although I have done my best.' . . . ' Oh, God!' she murmurs; ' my' cup of bitterness is full! I must not return to add ignomy to my shame!' Hastily scriblifig on her card the Colonel's Kentish address, Myrtle hands it to the sailor, saying, 'If you will take her there, her father will re compense you, and receive her with open arms. I will write to him to-day.' While she is' speaking, her old schoolfellow looks at htr so wistfully, as if a ghlam" of recollection: is struggling thrcugh the dark mists-of obscurity, and Myrtle impulsively says, 'Heaven bless, you, poor sufferer !t and parden me for my perfidy,' sighs the really penitent sirl. who, when she hears the plaintive little prayer, 'Won't you kiss me?' presses her trembling lips once more to the real Myrtle's, as of yore. To do the imposter justice, she had no conception that the girl whose place she had usurped was in the land of the living, nor could she quite understand why they had not met before this. 'All right, miss; I won't forget,' says the sailor. in reply to her reitera ted injunction not to forget the address. 'Bless your pretty face! it does me good to know that you didn't go to D)avy Joncs's locker with the others. Poor lass, she will not want for com forts now that she has met you ! When the wretched girl finds herself alone in the carriage, she murmurs.. brokenly, 'My little comedy is --over, and the world will soon know that I was only a jay in borrowed plumes. I cannot even face Clara, but 'will' tell the coachman to wait for her. I will steal away into some hole or corner, where no one can find me. ,Perhaps death may bring my misery to an end,! How gladly I would welcome it ! anything to hide me from the scorn I so justly deserve.' (To be continued.) 