Rabbits. (To the Editor of the Observer.) ** Sir,—I hare left this question for a con siderable time in hopes some dawning public spirit might enable the authorities to see the matter in its true light. I am not going, however, to advocate a return ; to the sjstem of payment by results, or, as it is called, the scalping system. If any direct hnman means could have extirpated the bonny, that would have done so. To ! this end every fair encouragement should have been given. .The permanence of the system—for a few years at least—should have been assured, so that the otherwise j unemployed might be induced to engage in the work, and those already engaged might not be constantly scared by pros pective changes. Moreover the Govern ment should have been prepared to gradually inorease the price per scalp | according, as the rabbits became fewer, even though half* a crown or half a sovereign a piece should ultimately be paid. In this way it is possible the last rabbit might have been secured. This j was a feasible plan and not altogether un reasonable, though even it wonld probably have cost the country too much. At the same time it should never have been laid aside for an infinitely worse plan. If the rabbits are ever destroyed it will be by the introduction, accidentally perhaps, of some disease or plague among them. This is what the Government should have set about at the Very first. It would - have been a trifling matter to send a Com missioner, or half a dozen, if necessary, to -Europe, to look the matter up and import some disease. The fanciful ob jections of those who say it would be cruel to introduce an infectious plague among the innocent rabbits could easily be lulled to Test. They could be told that we j were merely utilizing the means God has put at our disposal, that it was folly and sin in us to neglect this means, and that we were justly punished for our neglect by the spread of the rabbits. They could also be referred to David's choosing to fall into the hands of God rather than into j those of man,. They would then be de lighted to think that even diseases were ! intended and calculated to serve some use ful purpose. . When, many months ago, Profeesor Watson published an essay or j lecture, I forget which, on a rabbit disease that he had good reason to believe had extirpated these poor little grass-rubbers elsewhere I must say in my simplicity I thought the Government would at once J act upon it, and I expected that even my insignificant self wonld promptly be fur nished with the means of infecting the i rabbits of my own immediate neighbor hood. failing this, I expected that Pro fessor Wataon woAgld be at once convicted of baseleSsly raising false hopes (I hope he will forgive me.) But no such thing. The Government, who are prepared to go 1 on spending thousands upon thousands, and, indeed, ten thousand upon ten thou sand iu war against the foe do not go the length of even L5 to find out how the said foe may be destroyed without further 'Cost, Perhaps it is economy. They j think they will be deserving well of the country by waiting for Professor Watson to introduce the required plague withont j any expense to the community. It was hoped the Professor would see to the matter during holiday leisure, while all the. time an immense expenditure was going on to barely keep the enemy at hay. We now know the resnlt of Professor Watson's well meant but unpaid efforts. Accident prevented him attaining his ob ject; small blame to him. I submit to you, sir, that the Government are not; really trying to destroy the rabbit, but: are trying to gull the people at any cost, and remain in office as long as they can. After that their successors can take up the ball. Previous Governments perhaps were no better. The payment of 2d. per' scalp was kept up as long as it did no good j and po outcry .was raised against it be cause comparatively little was spent. But as soon as the thing began to work, and ! bunny began really to go to the wall, because large money was necessarily paid out the Government to gain credit for economy, stopped the game in the moment of success. The rabbits had been enormously reduced, and a relief must soon have-been felt by the Treasury on this accouut had not the thing been stopped, and another system, demonstr ably vastly inferior, been substituted to humor the public for a time. I do not now by any means advocate a return to the -payment-by-results system. It is pretty certain that not even that would do more than keep the evil in check, since those who engage in the work cau get no assurance of being fairly treated. It wonld be, I think, a monstrous folly to j attempt it again under all the circum- j stances. But how much greater folly j must it be to make any attempt to gain I the desired end by time payment ? Will anyone say that each man engaged on the. work destroys on on average thirty rabbits^ a day, presuming 5s. to be the daily rate of pay ? Mr. Howe has visited the camps and appears to believe that the pest has been reduced by them. Possibly it has in the immediate neighborhood of the camps. But it must be borne in mind, firstly, that the rabbits had been immensely reduced by the simul taneous and willing efforts of those who were only paid for the work done, and that the great sum paid to these men was not paid in vain ; secondly, that there has been no breeding season since Government camps were introduced ; and thirdly that we have had a dry season, which in itself would have actually de creased the number of the vermin, let alone prevent an increase. For I know by daily observation of their insides that, since the time spoken of, November last, they have not been breeding, and 1 have alBo very good reason to believe that some of them have yielded the ghost from ac tual starvation. Then as tu the matter of expense. If the Government parties are sent when ever there are rabbits this will be enor mons, and far greater than the South Australian revenue shonld be called upon to bear. It will far exceed what could possibly have been spent uader the scalp system, though under that the money spent on wild dogs, kangaroos, etc., was included, and, strangely enough, debited to the result system as though it Were an uu avoidable accessory of that system. New for the question—what is to be done in the | future 1 Leave the rabbits alone by all means until an infectious disease that will meet the caau is fonnd. In the past sea son very fewfarmers attributed the small ness of the wheat yield to the rabbits. Nearly all gave other reasons and ne glected this. Those who want to grow crops or grass where rabbits abound mast fence the ground off from them. In this way something can be done without saddling the revenues with ruinous ex penditure. . For, as 1 have already shown, finality can never be reached by the prer sent method. The rabbits may be kept in check at enormous cost, when an occa sional dry season would do just as much. And it is a question whether the Govern ment parties do more harm or good. They kill the cats and iguanas and other allies* of ours as well as the rabbits, and when all is done the rabbits, more; prone to emigrate and travel than the . others, find a safe place to multiply on the recently cleared ground. It is to be hoped, then, that the cocky and small settler will not be worried and driven away by unnecessary inter ference. I do-hot believe all the Govern ment parties together coiild extirpate the enemy in Vermin "District No. 20, or even in the Hundred of Younghusband alone, thongb the. hundred- -were fenced In. There are too many rocks and poroup cliffs along the rivers .and elsewhere. At all events it would, be. beyond the power qf Government taclear.the one district; and if this coutdriiot bij^done; where is the use of hoping to cleat- the entire colony ? The country will never be purged by such means, and it will never be purged by the introduction of auy, number of ferrets, ot mongoose, or other noxious animals. Wherever I have beeu'-rabbiting there have been iguanas and cats in plenty, that live and thrive most luxuriantly on the rabbits. A cat will eat more than a ferret, and if Troy , could have been defended—I mean, if the deed desired could have been done by an animal, the cat oould do it It is no use whatever, therefore, to introduce animals that will be, perhaps, more harmful and harder to get rid of than the rabbit. Equally ar dently is it to be hoped that no disease dangerous to man or cattle, such as bovine tuberculosis, shall be Bet going. The rab bits are a mitigated evil iu themselves, for, at the worst, we could live on them ; but this (the being mitigated, I mean), can by no means be said of many of the suggested and even attempted remedies that have been brought forward. I will conclude by expressing my confidence, gathered from the scarcity of rabbits in the older coun tries and from many other reasons, that by a little well-directed energy on the part of the Government some rabbit disease that will fill the bill may easily be found, , • I atn. Sir, &c.;, E. M. URCOTT. Mannum, May 20. 