HAPPY AT LAST, I sat by the window-side yesterday In my brown-stone-front on the avenue. I had taken an hour from my guests away To doze, all oblivious of notes falling due. I was warm with wine, and I tried to forget The streets and the stocks, the balls and the bears. Yet business thoughts like a magical net, Held me in a torturing web ot: cares, I am a millionaire-so they say, And I reckon they're sound when they ay that thing; And I am an autocrat in my way, For I am a prosperous railroad king. Even my chums on the street call me boss, Chums who their hundreds of thousands can score, Reapers of profit and laughers at loss, 1%hose prayer day and night is, "0 Heaven give us more." And there, as I sat by the window-side, After the New Year's feasting was done, Striving to check thought's troublesome tide. Which has ever flowed on since it was begun, I saw a lone tramp go shuffling along, With hair all unkempt and face white U chalk, And, true as you live, he was humming a song, To which he kept step on his purposeless walk, "Great Heaven I" thought I, "e'en a tramp can sing, Though homeless he be at his New Year's tide, Yet here Isit brooding-a miserable thing With all my shekels, and land rich and wide Yes, a miserable thing with all of my stocks, With all of my bonds and other rich store, With all of my railroads and white-winged flocks Of ships that seek pleasure on every shore." And I envied the tramp as I heard his voice, Hoarse as it was on the wintry air, And remembered the time when I had true joys, Long ere I was known as a millionaire; And I turned from the scene tothesideboard near, And swallowed a bumper of rich arstell, soe that song made moe coret that loan tramps cheer .... . Who bad no stocksto bulland no railroads to sell. I returned to my guests as tte night came on, And the wine flowed free as an April rill, Yet, amid the beauty that around me shone, Like ghosts my stocks were haunting me still, And 'twas only when lying upon my bed The darkness disturbed by never a lamp I happiness found, for in dreamland I led The life of a devil-may-care singing tramp. COLEn Duss. 