V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. I BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.} FIRST DAY. MELBOURNE, October 30. Although the morning broke fine, the glass began to fall about 9 o'clock, and a strong wool terly wind blew with great force raising clouds of dust and making matters very unpleasant The attendance on the course was the largest over known on Derby day and other first class days The sport was very enjoyable The arrangements on the ground were perfect, but great inconvenience was caused on the return journey by the crushing in the drama The viceregal party arrived early, and the box which was set apart for their accommodation contained Sir Henry Loch, Lord Carrington, Sir Wm Robinson, Sir George Strahan, Admiral Tryon, Lady Loch, Lady Carrington, and other distinguished personages The course was in splendid condition, and the racing was of a very high class The racing commenced with the Melbourne Stakes for which Shoot Anchor was first favourite, but when the horses assembled at the post the friends of Isonomy gave him such genuine support that he started a better favourite than anything else Lord William cut out the work to the home turn, where Sheet Anchor appeared at the front, but was out paced by Isonomy, who would have won had he not allowed Boolka to dash upon the inside, and make a dead heat of it after a brilliant battle The run off took place after the last race of the day Isonomy was most in favour, and led by a neck to the distance, where after a pretty struggle he drew away and won comfortably by four lengths in 2min 10sec In the Maribyrnong Plate, the candidates were rather a poor lot compared with previous years, though Hortense, a fine stripping filly, looked equal to carrying any weight, and the way in which she sailed home with her heavy penalty, proved her to be a downright good one to tease won through sheer gameness, and so secured the second win for Adelaide. She was heavily backed by her party Seven faced the flag for the Derby Trident was staunchly supported to the last Volcano cut out the running at a desperate pace, until under the hill, when hugging the rails too closely, he struck them and cut his shoulder and quartz, and burt Ellin's knee Chesham pulling double, then went to the front Volcano in falling back, caused Trident to lose ground As it was seen that Hales was riding for his life the excitement became intense, and loud shouts were raised that the favourite was beaten At the distance Robertson still had a strong pull on Chesham, but answering gallantly from every whip stroke, Trident caught him at the half distance, and Chesham, tiring suddenly, the favourite won the blue ribbon by two lengths Great excitement ensued, and the horse and rider who received with deafening cheers Mr IOUHNKSTAKÜS offset each 5ft with 300 added second CO above weight for UKO U mile S Miller's br h Boolka aged (Olds) t M Lookeabo Isonomy 1 years (Quinn) t W R Boyd's br Bravo S yours (Gulf ghost) 3 Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Industry, Mr nott, Lord William, Tamarisk, und Cross-fire also started Boolka got the best ,. of a bad start and led for half a mile, when Lord William and Industry passed him Isonomy was first into the straight, but Boolka came again at the distance post, and the pair raced neck and neck for the last 100 yards Time, 2min 12sec Betting 6 to 4 v Sheet Anchor, 1 to 1 Isonomy The dead heat was run off in the interval between the Maribyrnong Plate and the Derby, when Isonomy went to the front at the start, and won easily by three lengths HOTHAM IT VNDIOAI Officers each 5 ft with 300 added second 70 SOVS and third JO above is mile and a distance. J Whittingham s b li 01 strap aged (Ramage) 1 Hon J White's oh Boxburn J years (Huxley) 2 J It Smith's b g Lancer (rightly) 3 Ringmaster, Silver King, First Prince, Lcabia ltomua.'Salva, Gence, the Pencil, and Fish O Silver also started This was a good start Salva took the lead, but just after passing the stand Hexham went to the front by three lengths After going half a mile I met Prince slipped and lost his rider, who was not hurt. Hexham led into the straight, but Claptrap came through and won very easily by three lengths, the same distance between the second and third horses Time, 2min. 52J3CC Dotting J to 1 v. Hexham, 4 to 1 Salvo, 7 to 1 Claptrap Tine MAWHYHNONGI Pr ATK -A sweepstakes of 30 BOVII each h ft or 5 Sovs only is declared and paid to the secretary of the V RC or A J 0. beforehand on Monday 4th October with IOCO added For two-year old colts 8st 10lb fillies 8st. 5lb geldings at time of running allowed 7lb The second horse to receive 300 Sovs and the third 200 SOVS out of the stakes 5 furlongs (14 subs ) C L Macdonald B b f Ilortonso (Campbell! I D Cooiiorsbrc Huntingtower (KOIBO) 2 It. B British B bro- Bedouin (Power) 3 Matamua, Essex, I Escutcheon, Albert Loddon, Jobusite, Loyalist Aberdeen, Perhaps, Mistletoe Fancy Free, Fckeraloy, Esperance, Lava, Oceana, and Miranda also started After five minutes' delay the field were sent away to a splendid start Esperance and Huntingtower if anything had the best of it, the former was first in to the tan, but immediately after ran off, interfering with Miranda Bedouin then took the lead, but was passed by Hortense, who won by half a length Bedouin third, a length away Time, 4min 7sec Betting 4 to 1 v Lava, 5 to 1 Perhaps, 0 to 1 Hortense and Mistletoe are ViCToriaN ])PICHI - A sweepstakes of 25 Sovs each 5 ft with CJO added the second horse to recoil of 100 SOVS and the third SO sovs out of the stake For two year old colts 8st 10lb miles 8st 5lb li mile (133 Bubsorlbors) Hon J White Boho 1 rident v (sales) 1 Mr D Cooper a ch c Ch shunt (Robertson) 2 Mr A H Blackwood is one Again (Power) 3 First Consul, Kingfish, Volcano, and Maddc line also started First Consul broke a away twice. After area the field were despatched to a good start Volcano went to the front and kept the lead from Chesham for a quarter of a mile from home, where he collapsed, and interfered with Chesham The favourite appeared to be beaten here, but Hales kept at him hard till he got level with Chesham half way up the straight then came away and won, by two lengths, Again eight lengths off, third, First Consul fourth, Volcano last. Time, 2min 19sec. Betting 5 to 4 on Trident, 5 to 1 v Madden line, 15 to 1 CheSham and First Consul Sill LING RACE of 3 Sovs each 5 ft within added weight for age the winner to be sold for £150 7 furlongs li Howie's bro Huron fail) i yours (Howin) 1 J G Holds cb. g lhoGhost fail) aged (Oorrlo) 2 R K Maitland's b or br t. Stafford (nil) aged (Fiddes) 3 Baron, Ellington, Louise, Straight Shot, and Roystcrer BIBO started This was a good [start Huron went to the front and kept the lead until the finish, and won easily by two lengths, a length between the second and third Time, 2min 29sec. Betting 5 to 4 v The Ghost, 7 to 2 Stafford, 8 to 1 Huron. The winner was bought in for £230 Cour/no STAKES of 5 SOVS each one forfeit, with 200 added Second 51 BOYS , winner of any handicap value 75 BOVB or upwards, after declaration of weights to carry 7lb extra, 1 mile and a furlong G Davies bro Day Star 3 years (Williams) 1 1 Coffey s brb St John D years (Williamson) 2 G Martin s bar Hogmanay aged (Robertson) 3 William Tell, Dunlop, Lord Wilton, Satyr, Recall, Gardenia, The Nun, Pocahontas, The Agent, Newmaster, Gadfly, Albanus, Maroney, Myall King, Gold lake The Robber, and Rosary also started A very bad start was effected, and Rosary was left at the poRt William Tell and Pocahontas cleared out from the hIS, and came into the straight together, where they retired, St John and the winner went to the front, and raced neck and neck Day Star won by half a head. Hogmanay carne fast, a length off. Time, 4min 51sec Betting : 5 to 1 v. Nun, 6 to 1 St John, 7 to 1 Agent, Recall, and Gold lake. THE LATEST BETTING. MELBOURNE, October 31. The following is the latest betting on the Melbourne Cup The Victorian Club was well attended on Saturday night. Two or three horses were heavily backed for the Cup, notably Isonomy, who advanced to 7 to 1, S to 1 being wanted. The favourite, about whom 2000 to 300 had been accepted after his Derby victory, did not travel at all enduringly in the market, a a to 1, and in a few instances S to 1 was offered without any response ; Trenton came with a great run, a big wager of 10,000 to 7000 being accepted in one hand, Mains being backed at the same figure. Ben Bolt, Meteor, and Little John were each the medium of the same lively speculation, Considerable attention was directed to Recall, who went from 50 to 1 to 33 to 1, whilst 5000 to 100 would have been accepted. At the close of business several horses were relegated to the knocked-out division ; but betting has hardly settled down, and to-morrow may see some important changes. The following are the latest quotations : 4 to 4 v. Trident, offered ; 7 to 1 Isonomy offered, 3 to I wanted ; 8 to 1 Ben Bolt, taken ; 5 to 1 Little John, taken and offered ; 10 to 1 Meteor, taken and offered ; 14 to 1 Trenton, taken; 14 to 1 Malua, taken and offered ; 14 to 1 Silvermine, offered ; 20 to 1 Arsenal and Sheet Anchor, taken and offered ; 20 to 1 Hexham, offered ; 25 to 1 Britisher and Lord William, offered ; 32 to 1 Cyclops, Bravo, Recall, and Bohemian, taken and offered ; 32 to 1 Commo- tion offered j 40 to 1 Lancer, taken and offered ; DO to 1 Highland Chief, taken ; 50 to 1 Crossfire, taken and offered ; 50 to 1 Grace Darling, Metal, Kingfish, Boolka, and Monte Christo, offered ; 100 to 1 Alllucncc, offered ; 200 to 1 Lesbia, offered. 