A HUSBAND'S TRUST. BD EVsLYN TOnrPE. "You are not going to leave me-so ceon P" " I must go." "Ah, you're cruel. Why ? Don't go I" Laura Littloton turned from the bed side where she had beeoon sitting to the window. She stood between the invalid and the soft evening light, a graceful, gracious, womanly figure, in some rich. simple gown, whose plastic folds satisfied his sculptor's eye, with her pale hair masseod on the top of her small head and one full blown rose at her bosom. She was a woman who had variously been called both beautiful and quite indifferent looking. The chief attraction of her face, with its rather cold colourless ness, lay in her eyes. They were neither colourless nor cold, but large, of slumbrous brilliancy, so darkly brown as to be almost black and shaded by long straight lashes. To Campbell Dexter she was beautiful, especially so at this moment when, for the first time in all her patient waiting upon him, she refused longer to re mainby his bedsideand help while away for him the tedious hours of his convalescence. "Why will you not stay ?" he reiterated, with the peevishness of a man not fully restored to health. " Eric is coming home this evening. He has been gone three days," she added. "I wish to drive down to meet him." She felt his eyes upon her as she spoke, and the colour mounted hotly to her cheek. She know that he was thinking she had not accustomedher husband to such attentions, especially of late. For a moment a senouse of stinging humiliation passed over her. She drew herself up a little as she walked to the door. "Are you really going?" pleaded his voice. But she neither replied nor answered his look with a glance. It was a calm evening in June, the earth fresh washed after a shower, the air filled with a faint scent of wet earth and blossoms and growing green things. Some heavy purple clouds still laymassed in the west, with a streak of luminous yellow underneath where the sun had set. As Mrs. Littleton drove rapidly through the long, flowery lanes to the station, three miles away, sho took in the beauty of all the wild, sweet nature around her with half-closed eyes. Where was the mo mentary pang--of remorse, was it ?-now ? She was not thinking of her husband at all. Had she chosen to look into her soul, to question it in the full light of conscience, she might have seeoon that few, indeed, and rare had been the moments when he had been in her mind since Campbell Dexter had conime to their house. But Laura Littleton was not so questioning herself now. Perhaps the time for that was past. And yet Laura Littleton was not a woman ever to acknowledge to herself that she loved another than her husband, much less ever to fail, in deed, to her wifely duty. But in Campbell Dexter she had seemed to find what she had always sought before in vain. The enthusiasm and vital grace of his artist's temperament satisfied a want in her nature, passionate, ever striving after the unattainablo, under its cold exterior. Eric Littleton had never touched this spot in his wife's soul. Grave, reticent, ab sorbed in business cares, lie never seemed to dream she could have any such longings. Mrs. Littleton turned, with a sort of in 'patience,. from the thought of his calm, dark face. The sight of a wild rose bush by the hedge brought to her mind Schubert's "Heideroslein" song, which Dexter had hummed in his studio the day before he was taken ill. The voice that had sung was a wonderful baritone; and Sthen he had recited the words to her in the original German, and Campbell Dexter's voice was as wonderful in speech as in song-rich, full, low-pitched, with vibrations ashd infinite modulations of which he had a perfectconsciousness himself Mrs. Littleton was so absorbed in her dreams that she started a little when the carriage drew up before the station. The faint unconseious smile that had been hovering about the corners of her mouth changed in character when her eyes fell on her husband's face. He got in beside her with one or two briefly kind words of greeting. A few months ago she would have resented what she called his icy indifference in her heart. Now she scarcely noticed it. A perception that he *was looking paler than usual pierced even through her abstraction, however, and she asked him if he were not well. " Thank you. I am all right," he replied, with a smile.wlhich might have struck her as strained had her observation. been more close. The next morning he went back to town. In the course of the day Campbell Dexter left his room. Laura Littleton, wandering into the studio during the afternoon, found him there at work. "Ab, how imprudent you are " she cried, turning pale. "You will have a re lapse." "Don't sold me," he said, half laughing, half-pathetic, " for I am going to ask a boon of you. I must do some work on my Vestal to-day. Do be kind and pose for me--only one little hour-and I promise, *in return, to obey my nurse, my Sister of Charity, in everything she may command me." He drew the cloth from a figure of a Vestal, lamp in hand, in the damp clay. It bore Laura Littleton's features and ex pression. "For one short hour, then," she said, asenting. It was hot and glaring outside, with the sun beating down on white gravel walk a nd brilliant flower bed and sparkling fountain, and on the long facade of Erie Littleton's beautiful country home. But inside the extemporized studio it was cool, and half-dark, and still. A. faint murmur of drowsy summer life came in, with little gusts of soft, warm air, through the optn windows. Mrs. Littleton, in the Vestal's white draperies, posed on the raised plat form at one end of the room. Dexter worked opposite her. He was paler than his illness even would account for, and v worked with a sort of feverish energy. The silence at length made MI~s. Littloton irre pressibly nervous. " Why don't you talk, or sing, or some-: thing?" she asked at length, with an un certain hugh. " I can't talk to you," he replied quickly in a loai tone. " Why not ?" Her eyes met his fully,. but they wavered and sank in a moment beneath his insistent glance. "Because I am afraid of myself and yo0u," he said,, in a still lower and more agitated tone. In the silence that fol lowed a robin outside gave forth a long note of piercing sweetuess. Laura Little ton all her life long associated the robins' note with that one memorable afternoon. The room seemed to reel about her, but she had presence of mind enough to "You have no right to speak to me in *this way, MIr, Dexter. You have made a great mistake." He threw down the implement he had been holding in his hands and crossed the rsom with a swift gliding stop to where she sat. "Yen alhall not forbid me to speak." he said• huskily, with his burning eyes on herd. "I love you. Do you hoar? You k-new it. Why should I not say it ? .B1e * cause, forsooti, you are married to a man who is a block of ice, a counting machine, who cannot appreciate you, understand you, love you as you deserve, as you must or shall be loved!" "Stop! How dare you !" She had risen trembling in every limb and freed her drapery from his clasp. But already the impulse with him had spent itself, and hs was kneeling before her and had raised the seam of her dress to his lips. "Forgive me, forgive me!" he pleaded. "I was mad. I don't know what I said. Forgive me. Forget it all. Be my friend still. We may be friends, may we not ?" Friends ! To Laura Littleton the temp tation meant some one who should symp.s t' thise with all her vague yearnings and aspirotions, whose peoson, manner and even. the tones of whose very voice satisfied all her, insinct _of oeauny,. whose soul seemed a mate of her own, whose presence seemed to strike her soul and make it resound like a hell, setting loose thoughts, feelings, fancies, sensa tions, which, under her husband's in fluence, were dead, still, never saw the light. And why should she not have such a friend ? Never, never would she wrong herhusband, baut if her soult craved other food, other companionship, why should it be gainsaid? In act, Laura Littleton's pride alone would have kept her guiltless always. As to tihe thought, it did not occur to her to speculate upon her guilti ness or otherwiseo in that respect. When Campbell Dexter took his leave a few days later she saw him go with a calm spirit. They would meet again in town. She would see much of him at her house. Eric liked him, and Eric was very gone rons ; he would help her to push the artist forward in his career. And meanwhile she scarcely noticed that Eric Littleton was growing daily paler more harrassed-looking; that he barely slept an hour in the twenty-four, or ate enough to sustain life. One night the crash came. Mrs. Little ton strolled down the garden walk to meet her husband. She wore some trailing gown that Campbell Dexter had admired, and the yellow lroses which he had told her she should novhr be without. She met Erie with the faint smile her lips wore so often of late ; but it died away at sight of his face. For once a realisation of something ominous startled her out of her idle dreams. "What is it?" He took her hand under his arm and leading her into the house told her all. It was ruin. He had been struggling desperately against it for months. He had hoped to avert the worst; but now it had come. Everything must go. That house, their home in town, and "all your com comforts and luxuries Laura," the strong man wailed, thinking only of her at this crisis. "Why did you not tell me ?" she said, quietly. The shock had stunned her. "I could not bear it that you should have to suffer, too, from my troubles." For an instant a softened look crossed her face. Did he really care about her so much P No; he was kind, of course-very kind-very good-but cold, practical, caring little for the love which to her naturo was the very breath of life. "I am very sorry for you, Eric," she said, gently. "We must hear it together as beht we can." The man looked after her with hungry - eyes. She was a brave woman. She had made it easy for him. She had stooped and kissed him with gentle tenderness. But he was shut out from her heart, and he know it. The months that followed were to Laura Littleton a sort of heavy blank. People said she bore her troubles heroically, and she did, so far as outward sign or demon stration went. But she told herself time and again, as overything slipped away from her, and she exchanged the wide, indolent luxuriousness of her pampered life for a precarious existence in cramped and uncongenial surroundings, and sordid troubles and cares, that alshe could never live at all were it not for her thought of Campbell Dexter. She had not seen him since, the catastrophe. She sometimes wondered vaguely why Ihe had not written. He was away. But she would see him when Ihe returned, and his sympathy would help her bear her terrible lot. In their straitened circumstances, in their trouble, the husband and wife seemed to have grown even more widely apart than before. But as the time passed and no tidings of Dexter came, a ceaseless unrest began to take possession of Laura Littleton. He was in town now, she knew, and yet he had not been to see her; hIe had sent no word; he had given no token of life. By and by the morbid condition of the woman's soul held but the intense desire to see him again. Everything became subordinate to this wish. Mrs. Littleton's altered circumstances had not altogether shut her out from the circle in which she had formerly had her place. Some of her old friends clung to her and invited her to their houses, but these invitations she had; usually chosen to decline. Now she began to accept them. Only thus could she meet. Campbell Dexter again. She went one afternoonto alarge "tea" with a friend. The friendhad come for her in her carriage. MIrs. Littleton was look ing remarkably iwell that day. Her dress was perfect. People said adversity ap. parently did not disagree with her as much as with most human beings. In the midst of an animated conversation she looked up and saw Campbell Dexter coming in. The hot, scented rooms grew unsteady before her eyes. The nightmare of the last few months seemed to slip away from her; it, was as though it had not been; as though she were once more in her country home, with Dexter going in and out of his teom porary studio and singing Schubert's songs to her. She went on with her conversation, but she know neither what was said nor how. long it lasted. Her whole being was merged in one breathless suspense. Sud denly she heard a voice behind her say : "You used to know. Mrs. Littleton, didn't you ?" "Mrs.Littleton ?" saidCampbellDexter's low full tones. "Yes, very slightly. Her husband lost all his money not very long ago, did he not? Very sad." Laura Littleton turned slowly. He could not have imagined that his words had reached her ears. She bowed. He came forward. "This is an unexpected pleasure," he said with his charming smile. "Are you living in town now? . Yes? I had hoped to give myself the pleasure before now but mnay time is so taken up. How is Mr. Littleton ?" Laura Littleton stood and looked at him as though a veil before her lhd suddenly been torn asunder. Where was the charm now in the artificial smile, the shallow eye, the whole false hollowness of the man's nature, as it stood revealed before her in that one swift moment. Laura shuddered a little, as from cold, as she got down the steps and into her friend's carriage again. "You look as though you had seen a ghost?" cried her friend. "Ihasp. The ghost of a dead thing-. the ghost of a thing that died within me. a quarter of an hour ago." "Poor Laura! I suppose losing one's money makes people queer," philosophised the friend to herself. When she reached home Laura Littleton found her husband . poring over some books and papers. Sho always found him so now. He looked up at her entrance, and smiled kindly. "Did you amuse yourself, dear ?" Ah, how pale he looked, how tired. And he thought only of her, always of her. Mow unselfish he was. Could it be that she bad been mistaken in him, too? She had learned one truth to-day; periaps she mightlearn another. Perhmps-perhaps the thought took shape in the long, wailing cry of a broken spirit. - "Oh, Erie; do you love me ?" He started from his olmir and looked at her. She made an appealing step toward him, and he opened his arms. With a sob, Ake a tired child, she throw herself, upon ais breast. "I thiought it was --Campbell Dexter, Laura," said Erie Littleton a little later. "'And that Campbell Dexter cared-" She raised her head. "Do you know what Campbell Dexter cared for? Your luxurious house, your horses, your flowers, your wide hospitality, your wife's beautiful dresses, the comforts and re finements of all your wealth and, inci dentally, under the influence of these things, he cared for your wife, too-in a certain way. And that is what I had built a whole world of romance, and friendship of soul, and exalted sentiment upon ! Oh, Eric! If you knew how hard the lesson had been, perhaps, perhaps you would for give !" "Ycu have come back to me now, have you not, Laura ?" She answered hia; only with a look. "Th.; all is well. I knew you would some day, Lauer".. And I trusted your better Datum thosugh is all," 