ITEMS OF NEWS. In the Legislative Assembly last night tho estimate of expenditure for railway construction, amonntiug to Ll.300,000, was again under con sideration. It was understood, said Mr Bent, that the matter was not to be dealt with that night, but the general estimates instead. A long discussion ensued, Messrs Gaunson, Zox, and others speaking in condemnatory terms of the manner in which tenders had been accepted in excess of the estimates. To-day's cable messages state that the debate on the second reading of Mr Parnell's Bill for the relief of Irish tenants has been concluded in the House of Commons. On a division being taken,. it resulted in a large majority for the Government, the Bill being rejected by 297 to 202\. The Secretary for Ireland declared that its social condition is such that tho Govern ment will probably have to call Parliament to gether earlier than usual, in order to concert measures for the proper government of the country. The rioting at Belfast continues, and the services of the military have hud to be brought into requisition. In Spain the regi ments belonging to the garrison of Madrid that revolted, and then escaped in a special train when they found they were not supported, have been nearly all captured after a few skirmishes, and a number of Republicans have been arrested. The Hon. J. B. Patterson and Mr Gordon, M's-L.A., interviewed Mr Francis, Assistant Traffic Manager,, yesterday, and asked that tickets at excursion fares for all stations whenco trains connecting with Castlcmainc issued should be granted on the 27th October, the day of the Agricultural Society's Show. They were told that the requeat was certain to receive favour able consideration. The deputation waited on the Secretary of Public Works, with respect to the old claim of L700 in connection with Maloney's Bridge, and were told that, though there would be no supplementary Estimates this year, the matter would be considered next. The deputation, on behalf of the Castlemaine Council, complained that they had insufficient police protection now one of the local Con stables have been removed. The Chief Com missioner of Polico said lie was Bhorb of men, but, if he could spare a Constable for the dis trict, he would endeavour to send ono. Next week tho same gentleman will interview the Minister of Justice to urge tho erection of a Police Court. Tenders will be received to-day for a brass band to play at the Sports of the Maldon branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association. Mr W. Adams reports having sold the Dud- leigli Vineyard property, North Castlemaino, by private contract. - The Secretary of the Castlemaine Junior Cricket Club acknowledges the receipt of ' a silver breast pin, as a trophy for the Club, from Mr W. Erobley 'of Barker-street. ' A telegram was recoived yesterday by Regt.- Sergt-Major rJones from Captain Terapleton, informing him that the Castlemaine team have won tho Teams' Match at Wahgunyah, Yarra- wonga being second, aiid tho first regiment Sydney, third. Messrs Thompson and Co., having showed the irrigating plant they lately manufactured at the Keraug Agricultural Show, they had the satis faction of hearing yesterday that it was awarded a gold medal against several entries in the same class. On Wednesday, at the Taradale Police Court, before Messrs Berry and Jackson, J's.P., a youth named Talbot was fined 2s Gd for throw- ing stones at a Chinaman, in a case, R. Short against W. ixennedy, for goods sold and.:monoy lent, L8 5s 4d, a veidict for the amount was given with 5s costs. A former resident- of this town, named Mum- ford, a liair-dresser, who left many years ngo, came from Nowstend yesterday, and was so 111 - with asthma that he was unable to walk. The attention of Sergeant Frood having been drawn to his condition, the man was conveyed in a cab to the Hospital. None of tho railway- employees in" the Traffic Department of the Castlemaine station Will be able to leave'to-day to join in the railway picnic at Queensclifle, as they cannot be spared from duty. They have, moreover, a complaint in being required to pay railwny fare provided they travelled. . ' Tho Mayor and Town Clerk of Chewton, on behalf of the Committee of the Dittner Relief Fund, have handed the sum 'of L24 to Mr Dittner, that being the amount of the proceeds from the concert given recently for his benefit. The recipient heartily thanked the Committee for the amount raised on behalf of himself and family. An accident happened at the Kyneton station last night-. Whilst shunting operations wore being proceeded with, a truck was, itseeins, sent on to two sets of rails, the consequence being that the centre portion of it was soon smashed into atoms. The lines were so blocked that the passenger train from Sandhurst had to go through the good-sheds to reach tho ; station. Several platelayers were soon at work clearing the line. ; ' This evening, at the Castlemaine Hotel, the usual meeting of the Castlemaine United Cricket Club will be held. A good attendance is ex pected, as one of the principal matters to be dealt with is in reforunce to the English cricketers that are about to visit the colony, and who probably will play a match at Castlemaiue should the arrangements now pending prove satisfactory for both sides. Another of the many railway accidents that have occurred lately was narrowly averted yes terday by the thoughtfulness of the driver of a traiii from Castlemaine to Maryborough. He saw a man lying across, the raita, and at once sounded the whistle, but this failed to rouse tho foolish individual. The train was brought to a standstill, and it was then found that the man was helplessly drunk, and lie resisted all attempts to remove him. Finally a policeman arrived, and convoyed him to the nearest watchhouse. Mr C. Mooro reports : — Francis Ormond Co., Chewton. — During., the past fortnight tho bot tom crosscut extended 27 feet ; making 166 feet from the shaft. At 160 feet passed through a, leader about 3 inches thick, showing gold freely. Sunk the . winze in tho Perseverance shaft 13 feet ; total depth, 42 feet ; crushed 15 ton's taken from the winze, yielding 6 oz5dwts gold. Crushed from Dyason's Bhaft 90 tons, yield, 10 oz 15 dwt gold. Hocking and Co., tribiitbrs, crushed 16 tons, yield 3 oz 12 dwt gold. Mr E. J. Dyer, auctioneer, requests us to mention that he has taken an office next to Mr Philpotgj-cheiniat, and- 'that lio will not enter into the stationery business of Mr James, but will take up the letter's agencies for the National Mutural Life Assurance, and tho Aus tralian National Firo Insurance Co. ; also, the Mutual Live Stock Association, and that lie is prepared to effect renewals. Mr Dyor will also takeB the agencies for tho Orient lino of Messrs Gibbs, Bright and Co., and tho ' Government Gazette.' Tho Castlemaine Licensing Court was held yesterday before Messrs O'Meara, Strickland, and Campbell, P.M's., when transfers of licenses were granted to the following:— From James Jackson to George Aitken for Goldsmith's Hotel; from Joseph Cumberland to Honora O'Brien, for the Yandoit Hotel; from T. O'Donohoe to Charles O'Brien, for the Quartz Miners' Arms, Chewton; and from Richard Burnham to T. O'Donohoe, for the Mount Alexander Hotel, Chewton. Inspector Ryall made two applications for summonses against Mr Ferguson, Sutton Grange, and T. Taylor, Chewton, for Sunday trading, and these will be issued. The periodical absence of the additional ccn- .stable at Chewton was brought under the notice of the Borough Council by the Mayor last night. It was pointed out that Com, table Birmingham is frequently removed to Castlemaine to do duty hero. The Council strongly objects to this, and tho matter is to be brought under the notice of the Chief Commissioner of Police. The Castle maine Borough Council are endeavouring to have extra polico protection, and it appears that were their request acceded to there would bo no necessity of the constable being removed from Chewton to discharge his duties here, as is the case at present. Tho Railway Commissioners, accompanied by Mr Darbyshire and Messrs Zeal, M'Intyre, Burrows, aud Fink, MVP., arrived yesterday at the station from Melbourne at 7.5 p.m., and left by the train in a few minutes afterwards for Maldon, where they remained for the night. They will proceed to-day to inspect tho pro posed line of railway to Laanecoorie. They will stay at Newbridge to-night, and will traverse the western route on their return. They are to arrive in Castlemaino to-morrow afternoon at 3.25 o'clock, and, after a delay of ten minutes, proceed by train to Melbourne. The Maldon Shire Councillors will accompany the party from Maldon in the inspection of the disputed routes. One of the largest country excursions of the season will take place to-day, when tho Railway Department will run a cheap excursion traiu from Melbourne to Castlemaine, and all stations theuco to Sandhurst, returning the saino day. As about 850 excursionists have booked each way, the department has found in necessary to put ou two special trains, leaving Spencer street at 7.68 and 8.37 n.m., returning from .Sandhurst at 1 and 1.20 p.m. 196 tickets have been sold at the local railway station for the excursion trains that leave for Melbourne. Tbey depart 1.45 o'clock, and at 2.8 o'clock. All tho tickets with tho exception of 16 wore for the second cIbbs. But for the ambiguity in the wording of tho advertisement respecting the trains going from Castlemaine to Melbourne there would have been more passongers hooked, Last time, on the 5th - August, 250 tickets were sold at the Castlemaine station, and there were in addition 110 passengers from Maldon. The excursion trains from Melbourne to Sandhurst this morning will roach the local station at -11.21 and 11.46 o'clock. Those publicans of this district who desire to> surrender their licenses and take compensation have a just cause of complaint against the Go vernment for not appointing a County Court Judge to sit with two licensing magistrates to hear their applications. Three months ago Mr Merrifield and Mr Best informed the Licensing Court they had. several applications of surrender to. make, and yesterday Mr Merrifield again made the complaint to the Licensing Court that though He had nine cases to be heard, and had written to tho Secretary of the Law Department rpRnn.ol iiw llin.ni. f.liah much as answered hi6 communication.- As a second resource lie had written to tnembors of Parliament, who replied to him, still no Court was constituted. Mr Best stated' that he had about eight applications for compensation, and had written to the Solicitor-General to have a Judgo appointed, for doing which there had been plenty of time, yet no appointment was made. He also wrote to members of Parlianiout-on the subject. Mr Stricklaud remarked that the Clerk of Courts could take tho notices, and Mr O'Meara said if he was apprised of -the number of cases that had to be heard . lie, would bring them under notice. In Sandhurst and at Eagle- hawk a Licensing Court with Jiidgd Worthing- ton heard, applications a week ago, and :awarded tho amount of compensation to be allowed -pub licans upon the surrender of their licenses, so the unfairness with which the applicants in this district is treated is flagrantly apparent. A very pleasing ceremony took place at tlie local Post Office on Wednesday. The officers , "were determined they would not allow Mr and Mrs Green depart without expressing their feelings towards them. This was effected in a substantial manner by tlie presentation, on be half of the officers, by Mr Goode, of a very hand some silver fruit-disli, bearing the following in scription : — "Presented by the Officers of the Post aud Telegraph Office to Mrs Green, oil the occasion of her leaving the. district," September, 1886." Mr Goode, in making the presentation, remarked that it was only a very slight expres sion of good feeling towards Mr and Mrs Green. Owing to departmental etiquette they were pre- : eluded from presenting Mr Green with a testi-- monial, hut hoped that the presentation to Mrs Green would be received in the good; spirit which it-! was intended. Mrs Green! expressed thanks, during which sho was' much affected. ; She expressed a hope that, she would often , pay a visit to Castlemaine, with which she regretted she had to sever her connection. She was much pleased with the expression of goodwill towards her. Mr Green also returned thanks on behalf of Mrs Green and himself. Tlie health of Mr Thwaites, his suc cessor, was proposed by Mr Green, who said that the knowledge of business acquired by Mr Thwaites during his twelve months leave of ab sence, when he visited England, would be of material interest to all concerned. Mr Thwaites suitably replied. The health of Mr and Mrs Green was proposed in well-chosen words by Mr Goode. Mr Green returned thanks, and re gretted severing his connection with Castle maine, in which he Bpent tho most and best part of his life, but his official duties would at times enable him to visit it again, and instead of going to the seaside to spend his annual recreation lie would take advantage of spending it in the country. In the Supreme Court, yesterday, probata was granted to the wills of the following : — James Coleman, L129 ; Amelia Phillips, L413 ; Charles Wozouoraft Morgan, L94 ; John Law- son, L360 ; Charles Green, L190 ; Maty Eliza- - betli Hunter, L183 ; James Mauley Sprod, L37 ; Thomas Allen, L420 ; George Milner, L165 ; Bertha Nebrock, L175 ; Mary Alsop, L3559 ; Edmund Bourko, L995 ; John Christian Classen, L69G ; Jean Pierro Groutseh, L4194 ; Henry James Hames, L816 ; Hannah Killen, L1974 ; Mary Marlow, L525 ; Mary Elizabeth Murray, L9G87 ; Norman M'Donaltl, L1313. ; Benjamin Newbury, L1480 ; William Towns- end, L1734 ; Mark Vickers, L2515 ; Helen Veitch, L700 ; Henry Charles Wills, L5223 ; Patrick Scarsfield Kelcher, L2301 ; Samuel Barnes, L528 ; Duncan M'Naughton, L1114. After living for fourteen years in tho hut of in Celestial in Ballarat East, a young woman about 30 years of ago was taken away some ; nine or ten months ago by Lieutciiant Doherty, I of the Prison Gate Brigade. Tho girl (says the ' Courier') is now living most respectably, and tho fact speaks well for tho success of tho Bri gade Homo and tho effurtB of tho ofiicors. A cheese factory is to be established at Tragowel, near Kerang, in consequence of the success of the Tarnagulla and Newbridge fac tories. It is said that the Bixpenny fee charged for Ballarat Hospital out-door patieutB has roBulted in a saving of from LGOO to L700 worth of medi cines per yoar. A return showing how tlie prospecting vote for the last two years have been allocated was laid on the table of the Assembly on Wednesday. Tho return was not complete, as tlio totals were not given for each of the districts. For the year 1885-C, Ballarat had tho largest share of the prospecting vote, tho amount being L2,n00. Maryborough got L2,160 ; Sandhurst, LI, 780 ; Castlemaino, LI, 400; Gippsland, LI, 340 ; Ararat, LI, 240 ; Boechworth, L800. The inquest on the body of Philip Mitchell, who committed suicide by jumping down a shaft 300 foot deep at the claim of tho Ser geant's Freehold Co., was concluded on Wednes day afternoon. It was shown that Mitchell, who was an old resident of Ballarat, and a sober, respectable man, had taken a contract at the mine of the Sir Benry Loch Co. at alow I price, and when he found that his income from the work would not pay expenses he, it seems, took the matter to heart. Latterly ono of his sons noticed that his manner had changed, but it was never thought ho would commit suicide. Just- prior to his committing the rash act ho was conversing in a rational way with a friend at the mine of the Sir Henry Loch Co., when he sud denly remarked, " Excuse mo, I will be with you again in a minute," and ho then proceeded to the Sergeant's claim, a short distance away, and jumped down tlie shaft, and falling ou the bottom with great force, multilating his body to a frightful extent. The jury returned a ver dict of suicide. The ' Herald' publishes the following little narrative of a characteristic conversation — "Just 43 years ago since 1 saw the crossing laid dowu," said a little grey man with an Imperial to a crowd of gazers this morning, who had assembled at the corner of Elizabeth and Collins-street, to watch the unenrtheniiig by tho corporation men of a number of old logs that had ages ago formed a block crossing over tho almost unnamed gully named Elizabeth-street. " First they put down this crossing in 43," said tlie ghost of other days ; " then tin y mended him in '46, and again in '48, and in '50, and after that they began to make streets. I've seen as many as 24 and 30 bullocks yoyed to a pair wheel dray to get across tins pjace. rou ought have got hold of a good thing, being here in those days," said a bystander. " Yes I ought," was the answer. " J f I had only known what I know now,' it wouldn't ha' been you W. J. Clarke that would ha' been your Victorian baronitc, but me ; but it can't be 'elped now. No thank' you, isn't it too early ! But still, I don't mind if I do," aud tho man that the Millers and the Clarkes and the Ilentys got ahead of strolled off to tho nearest bar with the friendly stranger. A fall of earth took place in a blocking face in the leading east drive off No.- 8 shoot at the Bute and Dowiies' mine, Clunes, at about eleven o'clock on Wednesday morning, burying a miner named Patrick Gannon, up to his arm-pits. He was in the act" of knocking out the false set of timber, wheirthe weight of the released earth caused two sets of timber to cant, this being followed by a heavy fall of earth. Gannon's mate, hearing the timbers creaking, had time to escape, but the falling timbers pinned the legs and lower part of the body of Gannon to tho bottom of the di-ive. Fortunately, there was a truck just behind him, on which the cap- piece rested. This saved the unfortunate man from being smothered. Gannon was able to speak freely, but complained of great numbness in his limbs, and stimulants had to be given him. A drive was constructed under the imprisoned man, aiid at eleven o'clock at night— twelve hours after the accident — Gannon was released, and on being brought to the surface was at once removed to the Clunes Hospital. The occur rence caused immense excitement, and a great concourse of people assembled about the sliatt during the day with the view of learning par ticulars from underground. Gannon succumbed to the injuries yesterday morning. Tlio salaries which Ministers of the Crown in this colony are now drawing is given in a state ment of expenditure under schedule D of Act 18, which was laid on the table of the Assembly on Wednesday. The total amount set apart for re sponsible Ministers is L14,000 per anuunui, and the statemont shows the manner in which it was distributed when Mr Service was Premier and under the present regime. As Treasurer, Mr Service drew LI, 800 a year, but when Mr Gillies took his place on the 19th February of this year, tho amount was increased to L2940. It was re duced on the 1st May to L2,000, which is the sum the Premier now drawB. As chief Secre tary, Mr Berry's pay up to the I6tli February of this year was at the rate of LI, 800 ay ear,- Mr TlanUi», wliu iioaumccl uflico as Chief Secretary on the 19th Februaiy, commenced with emolu ments equal, to LI, 700 per annum ; hut his salary is now the same as the Premier's," namely, L2,000 a year. The Minister of Public Instruc tion gets. LI, 400 a year. The late Attorney- General received LI, 650 per annum, as chief adviser to the Government ; hut Mr Wrixon receives L50 less. In February, when the new Coalition Government was formed, Mr Dow's salary as Minister of Lands was LI, 240; hut from tho 1st May ho lias been, drawing at the rate of LI, 400. Mr Ninnno's pay was the same, and.a similar " rise" in salary lias been given to that hon. gentleman. Mr W. F. Walker, Com missioner of Customs, and Mr F. T. Derham, Postmaster-General, commenced in February at LI, 240 a year phut from 1st May the salary was raised to LI, 400, the Slime as their predecessors in the first Coalition Government, Mr H. Cuthbert, as Minister of Justice, draws ,:L1,400 per annum. 