Christmas : Its Customs and Festivities. TnE Reason of universal happiness and kindly feeling hns again oomo round. Hospitality, ?hnrity,, peace and goodwill spread ovor tho oountry at thiB period of tho year liko somo irweot inecnBO. What lioart does not dilate ?with mingled plonmiro and regret at tho me mory of scenes of other Christmas seasons — at tne recollection ot tnces no more seon on eariu r But even our regrets are softened by the universal Beason of rejoicing and goodly cheer. ? 'We catch the pervading feeling of tho time, and the sorrows and trials of the year that is dying are forgotten. Among tho ancient superstitions oonncctcd ?with Christmas was ono which roprcsontod tho prostration of tho powers of darkness at this season. Evil was for a time banished from tho earth, human passions, envy, hatred, and all nnchnritableness were lost in tho universal senti ment of brotherhood and human sympathy, asso ciated with the event that tho festival com memorated. No evil influences could bo oxorted in mankind by the powers of darkness. Tho ghosts of old feuds and quarrels woro laid. Tho oock was snppoHcd to scare away all malignant spirits. Shakspenre expresses thiB idea very beautifully in tho words which ho puts into the ? mouth of Mnrcollus in Hamlet : — ?It fmlecl on the crowing of tho cook. Some «ny that ever Vninst that season comes ?Wherein our Saviours birth is celebrated, This bird of dawning slnRCth all ni(;ht long, And then they any no spirit dares stir abroad ; The nights are wholesome; then no planets strlka, No fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charm, So hnllow'd and so gracious is the time. Our ancestors regarded Christmas in the double light of a holy commemoration and a joyful festival, and honoured it by devotion, ' vacation from, business, merriment and hos pitality. No salutation was proper without ' a merry Christmas.' It would have boon an unpardonable act of forgetfulnesa to oonoludo a letter without 'tho compliments of tho Beason.' Christmas Day, as every schoolboy knows, is the festival of the nativity of Jesus Christ. Formerly some communities of Chrintians cele brated it on the 1st jt the Gth of January, and others on the 29th of March, tho timo of tho Jewish passover, while a few observed it on the 29th of September, tho Feast of Tabernacles. The eastern churches celebrated tho Nativity on the 6th January, whilo tho western churches observed the 25th December, but in course of time the latter day waB generally adopted. According to Chrysostom, who lived in tho fifty century, the present day was adopted by Julius I., Pope and Bishop of Romo from 337 to 352 A.D., an the ftstnrum ominium metropolis, but some other doubtful authorities say the day was fixed by St. Telesphorus, between 128 and 139 a.d. Many of the popular observances of Christ mas Day aro traceable to Pagan customs. The early Christian fathers sought to soften the revels of the Roman Saturnalia by adapting them in a modified form to the solemnities of Christian festivals, in order to render them sub servient to tho cause of religion and piety. The pagan Saturnalia was connected with the 'worship of tho sun under tho namo of Saturn, regarded as tho visiblo manifestation of the deity, worshipped under tho namo of Odin or Wodin by the Scandinavians' Mithras by the Persians, and Baal of Bel by the Phoenicians or Carthagians. Among the ancient Britons the Christmas festivities were mingled with Druidical rites and ceremonies, and later with the customs of the ancient Germans and Scandinavians. Among these were the yule log. At the feast of Jual at the winter solstice, the Scandinavians kindled hugo fires in honour of their god Thor. Some historians think the custom is even of older origin, and may be traced back to the heathenish practice of pnss ? ing through the fire. In old English oountry houses there was, and still is, a custom of dragging in a ponderous log from the woods to tho widest chamber of the hall or baronial castle. Tho wayfarers reverentially Baluted the log as it passed because they recognised it ns the symbol of hospitality and good cheer. Tho most cross- grained block of elm ?was generally selected for the yulo log, and the ? half burnt remains were preserved until next season as a cliarm against fire in the house. An old song runs : — Kindle the Christmas brand, and then Till ounno set let it burne ; 'Which quencht, then lay it up ngen Till Cxiri5tinas next returne. Part mist he kept wherewith to reeud The Christmns log next yeare. And where 'tis safely kept the liend Can do no mlschiefc there. It was regarded as a sign of bad luck if a squint-eyed person entered tho hall when tho log waH burning, and the arrival of a flat-footed woman was i dire portent of evil. In Scotland the yule log :ftho ' nshton fagot,' and in De vonshire and Cornwall, 'tho mock.' Tho Goths and Saxons called tho festival yul or yule, said to bo derived from tho namo of a hymn in honour of Ceres, but tho term is more probably another form of tho word giul or hiul, a 'wheel, Christmas being tho turning point of the year, or tho period at which the sun made the revolution in his circuit and entered on his northern journey. Horrick givos tho fol lowing verso on the dragging of tho yulo log: — Come bring with noise, My merry merry hoys, The Christmas log to the filing, 'Willie my good dame she Bids all ye be free, And drink to your heart's desiring. Among tho ancients it was considered un lucky if Qhristmas Day foil upon a Sunday. An old MS. in the British Museum contains the Lordfrings, I warn you all beforne, Yef that day that Cliryste was borno Folio uppon a Sunday. That wyntor shall be cood far fay, ~ But greto wyndes aloft shalho, Tho somer shalbe fayre and drye. ? '/? , There ore people in thcBO days who bjsliave that Friday is an unlucky day for Christmasj kg well as for most other things. During tho commonwealth Christmas Day lost much of that spirit of revelry and fun which was wont to characterise it in tho oarlier times. Tho Puritans went so .far as to make a ridiculous attempt to abolish uo rejoicings and festivities of tho season, -md to convert tho day into ono of- dismal fusting and prayer. The old fashioned Christmas Day was threatened with extinction by aot of Parliament. ? But national sentiment and custom were proof against even the pious iconoclasm of the Puri tans. Wo aro told in tho sarcaBtio songs of the day that these a'scetiea hated even tho time honoured minco pio : — The high shoo lords of Cromwell's making Were not for dainties— rousting, baking : Tho fhiefest food they found most good in Were rusty bacon nna bug pudding ; Plum broth wno popish, and mince pie, O, that was flat idolatry. Sir Rodger de Coverly, howover, thought there was some hope for a dissenter whon ho saw him enjoying plum porridgo on Christmas Day. 'When cords wero regarded us tho engines ' of Satan, tho fino old English gentleman en joyed a special indulgence on Christmas Day when tho family pack was produced from the mantlepiece, and brandy garnished with toast and nutmeg replaced tho ordinary ale. Whis tlccroft describes how a Bumptuous feast was given at Carlisle, when pooplo from every corner of tho country woro frooly entortainod. The bill of faro contained — Hogsheads of honey, kilderkins of mustard, Muttons and tutted breves and tmoon awlno, Herons mid bittenm, peacocks, swan and bustard, Teal, mallard, pigeons, widgeons, and, in fine, Plum puddings, pancakes, apples nnd custard, And therewithal, they drunk good Gascon wine, With mead nnd ido and cider of our own, . For porter, punch, and nvgus wero not known. All sorts ol people tlinro -were soon together. All sorts of character*, idl sorts of drosses; Tho fool with for'n faco and peacock's feathor, Pilgrims and penitents and grave burgessesa, The country peoplo with their conts of leather, Vlntcrs and victuallers with cans mill mossus, , Grooms, arohers, vnrleto, falconers und yoemen Damsels uud ?wuiting maids and waiting women] All tho old songs show that our English ancestors keenly appreciated good living. Ono of tho early pouts sings : — ? Now all our neighbours' chimmeyn smoke, And Christmas blocks aro burning, Their ovens they with baked moat choke, And nil thoir spit« are turning, Without the door let sorrow lye, And If for cold it's apt to die, We'll bury it iu tho Christinas pye, And evennoro be merry. Tho custom of decorating the house with green boughs and flowers is derived from an old heathen praotice. Tho Druids decked tho houses with evergreens in Deoombor, in ordor that the sylvan spirits might repair to them and remain unnipped with frost and oold winds Ba'il the milder 6(flBCn had renewod tlicfoliage of their favourite abodes. Saye iPolydoro Vergil, 'Timmyng of tho tomples with hangyngesof floures, bougheo, and garlandos was taken of tho heathen people, which decked thoir idols and honeos with such array.' Stow, in his Survey of London, informs us that ' at tho feast of Christmas every man's hoiiso, as also tho parish churches, wero decked with holrao (the evergreen oak), ivy, bayes, and whatso ever tho season of tho year afforded to bo green.' In sovoral parts of Yorkshire it used to bo customary for tho maid servant to ask a man for ivy to docornto the house, and if ho refused or neglected to fetch in a supply tho maids stole a pair of his breeches, and nailed them up to a gate in tho yard or high way. Worso than all tho offender lost tho privilego of kisBing the girls under tho mistle toe. The mistlotoo was called by tho Draids ' tho all heal.' This plant wns regarded by them with tho utmost veneration when found grow ing on an oak, tho favourite tree of their divinity, Tutnnes, who appears to have been identical with the Phoenician god Baal, or tho sun. At the Christmas season the Chief Druid, clothed in white, an omblom of purity, ascended nn oak treo, and with a golden sicklo cut tho plant, which was caught by another priest in tho folds of his robo. Tho mistletoo was then distributed in small portions among tho peoplo nnd hung up over tho entrance to their dwell ings as a propitiation and shelter to the' sylvan deities. The growth of tho mistletoo on tho oak is now of rare occurrence, but in many parts of England it flourishes on tho apple tree. The laying of mistletoo on tho Druidical altar proclaimed public and universal liberty, pardon and freedom to all inferior, and even wicked, people. In ' The Fireside Book' there is a lively description of tho timo-honoured custom of kissing under the mistletoe bough, and the people aro asked to do homage — To tho honest bliss Of the hearty kiss Whore the mistletoe was swinging, When tho berry whito Was claimed by right On the pale green branches clinging. When tho warm blush camo From a guiltless shame. And the lips so bold in stealing Had never broke The vows they Bpoko Of truth and manly feeling. There uaed to ho an idea prevalent among the girls, even in our days, that tho girl who was not kissed under the mistletoe at Christmas would not ho married in the following year. In tho old days the boar's head was tho piiee de mist-wet of the festive board. Its ad vent was heralded by a flourish of trumpets, accompanied by strains of merry minstrelsy. It was borne on a dish of gold or Bilvor to the banqueting hall by a stately procession of nobles, knights, and ladies. 'Wo read in an old book how Lord Jersey sent Mrs. Ford a boar's head ob a love token, and that the lady, amused at a present so novel, said she would have eaten it had it been eatable. Next in import nnco to tho boar's head came tho peacock. Sometimes tho whole body of tho bird was covered with gold leaf and a pieco of cotton saturated with Bpirits, which wero lighted before tho company commenced operations. The peacock was only served to ladies of dis tinguished birth or beauty. The plum pudding described by Babishn in 1675, and by Addison, bore a close resemblance to that of our own timeB. One of tho popular Christmas dishes was ' pye,' which llisson describes as ' a gTeat nostrum, a most learned mixture of neats' tongues, chicken, sugar, raisins, lemon, orange peel, and various kinds of spicory.' Here is a verse from an old song : — Come guard this night tho Christmas pye, That tho thinf, though no'er so slie, With his flesh hooks don't come nlo To cnteh it From him, who all alone sits there, Having Us eyes still in his care, And a deal of mighty f eare, To watch it. If the cook did not have tho Christmas ' pyo ' ready in tho morning tho young men would tako her by the arms and run her round the market as a punishment for her laziness. The good alo wife used to attract customers with ' a bra' gooso pye.' Plum porridge was a kind of soup with plums. To these dishes were added great sirloins of beef, capons, turknys, goose, nnd other dainties. In tho minds of High landers Christmas is associated with recollco tioiie of tho Prechdachdan, sour scones, the kiavamuehd, luckvouil, sonsy haggis, and other national dishes. Snapdragon has been a favourite Christmas amusement from time immemorial, and there is little doubt that it can bo traoed to the fiery ordeal of tho middle ages, or tho customs of tho Druids. We are told in tho old play of ' Iiinguia ' that when Hercules had killed tho flaming dragon of Hesperia, he mado a dainty dish with tho apples of tho orchard, aud called it ' Snapdragon.' It is hardly necessary to inform tho reader that in snapdragon raisins aro deposited in a large shallow dish, brandy or somo other spirit poured over them and ignited, and that the fun consists in snatching tho fruit out of tho flames. It is usual to extinguish the lights during tho gamo, so that the lurid glaro from tho flaming spirits may exercise to the full its woird effect. There is an appropriate song for tho occasion : — Here he comes with flaming bowl, Don't he seem to tako his toll 1 Snip I Snap ! Dragon ! Tako care you don't tnko too much Be not greedy in your clutch, Snip! Snapl Dragon! With Mb blue and lapping tongue Mans' of you will be Htung, Snip! Snap! Dragon 1 For lio snaps at all that comes, Snatching at his feast of plums, Snip ! Snap ! Dragon 1 Tho institution of; tho Christmas-tree comes from Germany, and. is comparatively of rooont introduction. Thejjj'ee in arranged by tho senior members in rc* particular room of tho lionso, and in tlip evening' the children aro assembled in an adjoining apartment. At a given Bignal tho door is thrown open, tho children rush in and eagerly demolish tho tree, the names of tho respective recipients being written on tho artioles. Santa Claus is also of German origin. Before going to sloop tho children hang up their Btockings, which aro fillrel ilnrini? tlm Tiiirhfc \iv t.bn TnvRtnrinnn fifmtji. Cluus. Whcro tho child has been naughty tho custom is to put in a rod instead of Bweotmoats. Jeremy Taylor refers to the ancient custom of singing Christmas carols as derived from the hymn sung by tho angels on tho plains of Bethlehem : 'As soon an thoso blessed choris ters had sung thoir Christmas carol and taught tho church a hymn to put into her voices for over in tho anniversary of thiB festival, tho nngels returned into heaven. ' Milton also has tho same idea in his 'Paradise Regained' — His plnco of birth the solemn angel tells To simple) shepherds keeping watch by night. They gladly thither haste, nnd by a qulro Of squadroned angels hear his carol sung. The carols woro originally of tho rudest kind, but in process of timo assumed a more polished anil harmonious form. Tho earliest specimens are in Norman Frenoh, and belong to tho 13th century. 3?he Puritans composed devout carols, wliioh wore collated in a book published in Edinburgh in 1621, entitled, 'The gudo and Godly ballatos, ano compendious book of Godly and spirituall sangs.' Tho word carol is derived from tantart, tosing, and rola, an interjection of joy. In Scotland tho custom of singing Christmas carols was discouraged by John Knox, but in 'Wales it exists to a greater oxtent than in England. Barnaby Googe translates the following from the Latin of Neogeorgus:— . And carols sing in pryso of Christ And for to help them henre, Tho organs aunswero every verse With sweet nnd solemn ohearo. The prioBtai doo rore nloud, and round Ahout the parents stand, To seo the Rport aud with their voyce Doo helps them nnd their hnnde. The waits were formerly watchmen, who called out the hours of tho night. When they became musioinnB, they were usually court pages, or minstrols attached to tho king's court. In London tho wnita used to wear a badgo on the aim to denote that they wero tho Lord Mayor's musicians. In nn old engraving by Bloemnrdt, a wait is represented drossod in a wideawako lint, with a feather, and a kind of smock frock, his cheeks distended with tho ?rigour of liis oxertions on the pipes — JF0,1.'1?''5 lliB tofrplpos soft or strong, Or high or low to hymn or song ; Or nlirill lament, or solemn groau, Or dance, or reel, or nod Ohone ; Or ballad gay, or well-a-day, To all ho gives duo naolody. . In tho year 1826 a party of Genoese waite camo to England, and such was their musical skill that tlioy could play any foreign tuno that was called for. In the Tattler we read that tho young ladies of Nottingham oomplainod of want of deep by reason of certain riotous lovers, who invested the etreetw with violins nnd bass viols from 12 to i o'clock in tho morning. In an old song tho peoplo aro invited to do honour To tho tuneful wnjt At the mansion gate. Or tho glad sweut voices blending When tho carol roso At tho midnight's closo To tho sleeper's ears asccudlng. Tho mummers occupied a prominent place in the. Christmas rovelrieB of olden times. This custom was also a relic of tho Saturnalia, when tho men and women exchanged costumes and woro masks. The early Christians adopted tho custom from their Pagan neighbours, and tho miracle plays aro said to have had their origin in tho efforts of the fathers of tho Church to givo a pious turn to tho masquerades of the ancient mummers. King Henry tho VIII. issued an edict against tho mummers, but even tho mandate of a monarch was powerless against popular taste. Among the ancient mummers tho conspicuous figures wero old Father Christmas, tho Grand Turk, a Knight of St. George, Oliver Cromwell, a doctor with a euro for everything, and Beelzebub. Tho lord of misrulo was tho master of cere monies of the ChriBtmas revelries. Ho carried a fool's baublo as a badgo of office, and was attended by a page. He usually commenced tho revelB by informing tho company that he had dispensed with all wisdom, and that they wero only to bo just wiso enough to make fools of themselves. Tho Puritans denounced these pastimes as 'revelry, epicurismo, wnntoncsso, idlenesso, dancing, drinking, stage plaies, masques and carnal pomp and jollity,' which 'all good ChriBtians should eternally abomi nate.' The ChriBtmas pantomimo had its plaoo in tho ancient grotesque performances. Cibber says they originated in an attempt to make stage dancing something moro than motion ?without meaning. The first English panto mimo was produced in 1716, and was described as 'a new Italian comic scene (never per formed before) between a scaramouch, a harle quin, a country farmer, his wife, and others.' Rich introduced scenes into pantomimo consist ing of tho courtship of harlequin and colum bine, and. at ono timo the rU- of harlequin was not considered derogatory to an actor of reputation, but then it was not like most panto mimes of the present day, mere noise, acrobatic feats, and coarse buffoonery. Tho custom of giving and receiving Christ mas boxes is derived from a similar practice among the Romans during the Saturnalia. It is said tho Romish priests used to put boxes, supposed to bo under tho protection of some ?ntron saint, on board all vessels trading to ndia, the offerings put into these boxes being for masseB for the dead on Christmas Day, which were called ' Christ-masses,' and hence ' Christ-mass boxes.' The custom of soliciting ChriBtmas boxes is being carried to excess in theso days, and is on the decline ChriBtmas day in theso colonies is shorn of many of the good old customs which charac terise its observance at home. In a milder climate, and with ample elbow room, we have not tho ioo and snow and wintry winds to drivo people to the cheerful fireside, to talk over by gone scenes and memories, and form plans for the year that is to come. The reunion of kin dred to tho third and sometimes fourth genera tion around one common hearth, from the white- haired grand-sire and grand-dame to the puling infant, is not common hero. Our people love the pure air and open fields and outdoor pastimes. But in those feelings of charity, hospitality, and kindly sympathy which are proper to the season they are not a whit behind tho people at home. Tho volun tary philanthropy of the times, and the broad sympathy with suffering and misfortune, are attested by tho liberal donations to every form of charity without distinction of creed. Living in greater comfort and prosperity than tho overcrowded populations of English cities, the people are quicker in their sympathies and moro liberal in their benevolence. — Exchange. 