Some thirty gentlemon, presumably ratepayers, met at the Academy of Music on Monday evening — at the expense of the city — and decided that Hay should go back to the ' Dark Ages, ' tbat the lamps be unlit and wo walk onr way in the mud on winter days in the darkness. This is going back with a vengeance. Why, even in our worst days was there not the splutter and glimmor of oil lamps, at all events on the bridge ? Hard times were pat forward as tho reason why the ratepayers should seek Egyptian gloom, and Hay; at night become a sort of Riverine Hades. The times are not very good, no doubt, but 2d in tho £ should hurt no ono, and the benefit to the city of havin? 26 streot lamps would more than repay the cost. If we want worse times let us knock offthegasand the wator and we will soon see them. Strangers will then shun Hay and seek Booligal. The lighting rate is to .our minds, a most correct one; there is no city without it. The rationale of the rate is excellent. Every ratepaver has to pay for the gas he consumes. But the lighting of the streets is a matter that concerns the whole of the ratepayers arid adds materially to tho value of property : consequently it is but justjhe whole of tho ratepayers should pay that chargo^pac^the lighting rate. Had the meet ing asked tHn no more lamps be put, and left alone those we havo their demand would be reasonable; but to extinguish all the lights U outrageous. It should be exactly the same with the water. The Council— that is the general body of ratepayers— consumes nearly half tho water pumped, but so far only those who take water have to pay. It is but honest to make the town as a whole pay for what ithas'and to make individual ratepayers pay for what they have. , We hopo tho Council will not heed the meeting for I it would bo fatal retrogression. At the .very least I let us have our ten lamps. If we are a little poor | just now we ought not to show it; that is the time'to put on your best dress and look well to do if you are ! not. .The ratepayers should clearly understand that : the lighting rate is intended to pay for 25 lamps not 1 ten as now and that tho gas will be reduced in price. By the bye it was strango to hear those who opposed the construction . of gas works by the Council , and approved of a company, cry out at the state of things | they themselves have brought about. Thus do I chickens come home to roost when least expected; It was only a small job after all, but it shows |how they carrv on things in the metropolis, and : helps to account, for the way. the money goes. Last year people were accustomed to see .in the Sydney School of Arts, and at a few shops a publication, called The Australian Portrait Gallery.' This 'work of art' was published monthly, ? if we rocolUct right, oi rather at the time when the 'ghost' walked, : and .'ontained the presentment of an ' Australian celt- I brity.' People who understood the printing trade it- Sydney marvelled how the 'ghost was got to walk for this work, which consisted of poor cuts and poor reading matter ; the latter being a fulsome laudation, generally of men of whom little good can be said, and of whom much ovil could be written, Hut tho expla nation, long delayed and allowed to loak out by an unfortunate accident, of the reason the ' ghost' por ambulated is now before us, thanks to some of tho political ferrets of tho] Assembly ; mon with keen noses for jobs, probably bocause thoy have had to do withso many thomsolves— 'sot a thief,' &c.-rbut; wore not in this little game. The 'ghost*' wont round because Mr Dibhs orderod 500 copios' and paid £600, whoroas tho price of each copy was to the public Is or -2s 6d, wo can t remember. Perhaps Mr Dibbs got tho sorios, and that explains tho difforonco. Par liament gave no authority for such a man, but it was pnid somohow, and an attempt mado to hido it undor some mi-loading head, but the job was noseid and run into tho light of day. Mr Dibbs mado no attempt, to roply and laughod the thing off. Of .course, a little pondant of this job was nearly as good, though humbler. There was a ' History of the Soudan Contingent'— and anico history this would be if tho truth were told — was got up in somo mystorious way, and £241 13s 4d paid for printing it. ,-We never heard whether any copies wofre sold : (if so we haven't seen any. But .£100 a piece was further paid to Mr Hutchinson f no donbt ' F.H.' of tho Herald) and a Mr Myers, of whom no ono has heard, and is not likely to hoar, unloss he was that practical individual who wrote 'Beautiful Manly' intended to run off a lot of land near tho castle of 'our own Bill Dally.' Tho sum of £1000 and odd is not much, but when wo con sidor tho whole thing was underhanded and not dono in the light of day, what guarantee have we that thero wore not many thousands squandered in tho same way. That ' Treasurer's' advance. ought to be looked at more closely by tho Audit Commissioners, If thoy wish to provo tbemsolvos worth their salt. Tub Deniliquiu Council's finances aro at a low'abb owing to the Government not sending tho second in stalment of tho wator loan, £1033, and boingunlikoly to send it. Tub following Monindie itoms appoar.in tho AVilcan nia paper:— Menindie, May 8 : The woathor still con tinues dry, to-day boing very dusty. If no rain falls shortly we shall have a bad winter. Our to wn is vory quiet, 'nothing to do' is tho complaint of tho labor ing class, and want of a river is now ,vory koonlyfolt. On Friday, 30th ult, John Cleary, selector of noar Albomarlo, chargod with rape on a woman namod Janet Harwood, was committed to. take his trial at Hay Circuit Court, to bo holdon on 29th Sept. uext. On Friday, 7th inst, John' Thomas Carroll was chargod on warrant issued by the Albury Bench,1 with having committed bigamy, and was remanded to albury. Tub . following advertisement appeared in last issuo ';To be raffled -A :sewing machine and a single bodstead and , mattrass, at Mr Duffy's Hotel, Hay. ' Wo are informed by Mr Duffy that ho gavo uo authority for tho insertion of «uch advertisement, and did not know anything about it. At the Wilcannta Small; Dobts Court on tho 10th inst Charters v. Porter was hoard, defendant in this caso was the bailiff' from whom Welsh oscaped at c:i fLoUim HDD fnr fnrnfnr PnrMr and his prisoner from Silverton. Portor contested theamount on the ground that thu court had no jurisdiction. Ho gave tho ordor at Silvorton to plaintiff's agent, Mr M'Bride, payable in Hay. Mr Portor intends to pay tho Wilcannia: people back in their own coin. Mr Butteuworth sells on the 25th the effects in tho assigned estate of Mrs Grace Markey, fruiterer, Lachlan-stroet, One Reasox. — Why , diseases of tho bladder and urinary organs are so difficult to cure is that they frequently have no pronounced symptons. Dr. Bell's (Kidney and Liver) Bitters are peculiarly adapted to tho cure of these complaints, and go: at once to tho seat of tho trouble, giving relief at once. — Advt. Blankets, blankets. Heavy stock, best value ever offered, aj P. B. Terry and Go's. — Adv. 