the march magazines. Tho fortnightly opous with a dissertation on law and Licence, apropos of the recent riots in London, Tho writer remarks that tho present ogcr epringB, not from tlio lawlessness of mobs, hut from fujjc principles of government, " punuyse tho arm by which lawlessness ought to be restrained. It is this which has 'ought Ireland hulf way to ruin. Tho present state of that country depends little upon " centuries of misgovern- on as upou tho spots in tho sun. e cronco is also mado to tho promptness "Inch tho American Government sup presses riotiug, by bayonet and bullet, notwith- "'ualionablo rights" to lifo and »<. ' ' a'ncd 'or overy citizon. Tho writer ord» Tl('a M a means of preserving public should », tb 8'loP'£eepors of tho metropolis Zt b" CnUed « a body of special con- Mntri ' , ' W- Dockctt a Londn artisan, Frianda ""tr 'VlP?r 00 ho Foople and their lor hoi mew's that people must look teh .„a an guidance, not from tho powerful, not from aspirants for Parliamentary honors, but tho humble few that aro to bo found, thinking out tho groat problems of the ago, not with tlio object of satisfying any dosirc for political power or popularity, but simply from a senso of their duty to theirfellows. It is for tho peoplo to help such men and women in tlioir task with their practical oxporionco and knowledge of details, and to work with them patiently and hopofully to bring about that social re organisation without which Acts of Parliament may bo passed in vain, and philanthropists may squander millions fruitlessly. . Discoursing on Parisian Hells, Edward Dclillo says thatParis isgreatly on the decline, and he attributes this to the prevalence of gambling of a dangerous descrip tion. In an article on tlio Army and- Democ racy, it is urged that officers must bo bettor paid than they nro now, and havo hotter prizes, sotlmt success in the army may carry with it, oven to poor men, succosS in, life as generally understood. "Once meet the views of the democracy," tho writer adds, " and every police , or post office might become n registry of names for military 6or- vico. Onco pay tlio officers fuirly, and their ranks will contain some of tlio best brains in the country; aud brains will I make all tho difference in war, other things being equal." An interesting sketch of tiic duties and responsibilities of foreign correspon dents of tho press is furnished by Mr. W. Beatty-lliugston. Tlio writer of nu article on tho Scotch crofters arrives at tho conclusion that tho true solution of the question is to bo found in the development of the fishiug industry, combined with a judi cious scheme of Stato assisted emigra tion ; and that no amount of tii.kcriug ut tho land laws is likely by itself to bring any solid or permanent prosperity to the Highland population. A very readable sketch of the Rossctti family is supplied by Mr. W. Sliarpo, who sums up with the observation that there lias oxisted iu our generation a ur.iily of poets and writers, such as iu all probability will con tinue' to be unique, a family . that" will bo looked buck to in days to come, with an in terest tbut can hardly bo realised at pre sent; for snch a poet as Christina Ros- setti can conio to us but , at rare intervals, snch n poet and painter in union as Danto Gabriel Rossctti but once. Capt. J. P. Nolan, M.P., sets forth soino Home. Baler's views, and points out that there, oro -both free and fair trade advocates of Homo Halo. Freo trado or fair is not, ho believes, absolu tely essential either 1 to the perfecting of the Irish Homo Halo ideal or to her future ' financial progress, and may bo put . aside as an . accidental portion of a great quostion. Ireland's fiuauciul hopes, if permitted to mauugo her own affairs, rest on a mora solid foundation than on the success or failure of free-trade. That absenteeism would be diminished by the concession of Homo.Iiiilc is probable, as ovon the' advocates- of. tho Uaion admitted, in 1800, tlut it would' bo increased by tho transfer of power to London ; and it is notorious that this prediction has been fulfilled. An unsigned articlo in the Contemporary deals with tho Irish difficulty, submitting as the urgent question of tlio day, Is it possible for Engluud to grant such a measure of Homo llulo to Ireland as will satisfy every rcasonublo desire of tbo Irish people without involv ing any disruption of tlio Empire or on- dangcriog tho proporty or safety of the loyal minority ? Tho writer directs attention to tho fact that the population of Ireland at tho pre sent timo is a little over 5,160,000, of whom, in round numbers, 1,150,000 are Protes tants anil 4,010,000 Romanists. Tho islunilcon- tains about 20,000,000 acres of bmd, of which one half is owned by less than 750 proprietors, each holdiag upwards of 5000 acres, three pro prietors holding over 100,000 acres, fourteen over 50,000 acres, and ninety orer 20,000 each. Ono liuudrcd and ten landlords hold among them 4,000,000 acres, or ouo-fiftii of tbo soil of the whole country. Of the landlords who held, in 1871, over 100 ncrcs, 4842 wcro non-resi dent and only 5589 resident iu tho country. The writer suggests au arrangem»nt by which, in consideration of Ireland being granted entire self- government in nil homo affairs, the repre sentatives sent by Ireland to tlio Imperial Par liament should bear tho siuno proportion to the representatives sent by Great Britain as the amount of rcvenuo contributed for Imperial purposes by Ireland bears to tbo contribution of tho rest of tbo kingdom ; or, as a compro mise, that they should be reduced to sixty mcin- bors. to bo elected by tbo provincial Parlia ments, each Parliament sending n number proportionate to the population it represented aud under tlio cnmulutivo system of voting, thus insuring a fair representation of all parties, ami tlio return of tbo best mon. Lord Hob- bouse, continuing bis essays on Free Laud, sees no objection to tbo land being divided in small allotments for adequuto prices, providod tlio present owners wcro justly compensated. Ho has no faith in tlio schemo working Tory extensively, but, if carefully administered on a sound financial basis, lie thinks, it may provo a valuablo addition to tho forces in favor of multiplying interests in land. The subject of Colonisation and Emi gration is dealt with by Mr. Arnold W'lilto, who remarks, with regard to tbo Australian colonics, that souiothing maybe douo by moans of a circular dispatch ndilrosscd to tlio Governors of tho respective colonies inviting their support ; but it will bo nccsssary for n re sponsible agent, unconnected with politics, to visit Australia for tho purpose of making permanent arrangements for the trans- mission of full, impartial anil regular roports. Drond of competition, displayed in an acute form in tho Chinese Exclusion Acts, is equally hostile to any undertaking whatever which will havo as an inevitable result tJio lowering of wnges. On this ground tho Governors of tbo Australian colonics cannot bo cxpcctod in their dignified and constitutional positions to identify tlicmsclvos with measures openly repugnant to their Ministries, who re present constituencies tho bulk of which aro wage earners, for tlicso latter will undoubtedly bo affected by tho immi gration of competitors from England nnd Scotland. Under tlio title of Tyrants of tho Sea; Sir Tlios. Brassey speaks of tlio brutal treatment which sailors arc sometimes subjected to, and , expresses regret tlmt Mr. Piiinsoll's oxortions to diminish the loss of lifo at sea havo had so little practical result. In 1884, within tlio space of ono week in tlio month of January, from 150 to 200 lives wcro lost. In llireo weeks of the same month JS0 vcssols of all nationalities were reported lost Of this namlier 199 wcro British sail ing vessels, and 42 were British steamers. Very few of tho Io3scs wcro of old ships ; hence their destruction cannot be laid to old age. Sir Tlios. lltassoy oxprcsses tho opinion that tho safely of lifo at sea will never bo secured as offectually as tho . circumstances of pqril in which the sailor's: lifo must inevitably bo passed would allow, until tho law of marino insurauco . is rcfunned and it lias become impossible for the owners of ships to recover nuything beyond au indemnity. Under tho existing condition of the law, an owner may 6tand to win rather than to loso by the loss of bis ship, and so long as this is permitted it is idle to look for that strict caro and attention to details which are so- necessary iu tiie management of shipping. Mr. Walter Besant directs attontlou to tho littio caro taken for the instruction of children between the important ages of 13 aud 17, after tiioy have left the schools, and to tho vast number of young pooplo who, at this critical period of their lives, make a habit of spending their evenings in the streets. Mr. Edison explains, in the North American Iieviem, his new system of air telegraph for telegraphing to trains and ships. Whilo con ducting somo experiments ho found that ho could throw a very strong electric current 50 feet through the air; from one conductor to nnpthcr, by means of a simple primary coil which gave no spark in tho air, while tho secondary coil counocted therewith, although giving sparks .through'' tho air sovcral inches in length, was powerless to transmit a wave over this great distance. Ho can now throw tlio electric enrrent 580 feet through the air. A circuit can now bo established between any train, either' moving or at a standstill, on a railroad and tho terminus of tlio road, or between tho trains and any station on tho routo, A circuit is- also established between any one troiu and all ' other trains on the same road. Tho enrrent generated on tho car pro ceeds from a small five-cell battery pluccd under a tablo about 2 feet square, wliich holds the instrument. Tlio table affords room for a Morso key, an electro-magnet, and an instru ment called a1 " vibrator," which, by means of a metal reed, gives a musical character to tbo olectrical impulses caused by opening and closing tlio circuit. At tbo termini, or at any fixed station, all that is needed is a similar apparatus, with a twclve-eoll battery nnd a wire connection with three or four of tho regular telegraph wires, tin tho car the wires from tho battery and instrument nro grouuded through tlio axles and wheels. Another wiro leads up to tho ordinary metal roof of tho car, and cburgos it with electricity. Tho roofs of tho several cars composing a train may also bo connected by an insulated copper wiro. Ia this way tbo roof acts as ono sido of a con denser, and tbo usual telegraph wires stretched on poles along tho edge of tho road-bed form tlio other side of tbo condenser. The current from the car battery and tho roof of tho cor is of such a nature that tha wavo if electricity sent from tho apparatus in tho car lasts only about ono 500,000th of a second. During this short period the air seems to conduct electricity ; but if the current were ullowcd to remain any longor tho air would cuter into such a state as to oppose any farther transmission. If now an interval of timo is allowed to elupse, the air regains its normal conditiou, aud another wavo can ho transmitted. In sending a single Morse letter, fur instauco tho letter E, which is a singlo dot, over fifty separate waves with waits between them have to bo transmitted, at tho rate of 6ix hundred per second. Thoso separate, rapid waves lorm a musical sound. A long or short suppressi n of tlio key of on organ imitates tlio sound of the dots and dashes as heard in tho receiving instrument. Tho operators, both on the car and at tlio fixed stations, hear tlieso notes through telephonic ounders, so that tho rattle of tho train uud the, crackling noise of other messages rushing along tho wires do not disturb them in tlio least Mr. Edison expects to bo nblo to apply the principlo in such a way that ships at sea, mnuy miles apart, cnu exchange messages of nny length by signals. This will, probably, bo accomplished by using a bailoon-kito coutod with tin-foil, soaring sovcral hundred feet abovo tho dock and controlled by a fiuo wire. Nows of wrecks, distress, mutinies, &c.; , could bo rapidly forwarded from ship to ship within each other's signalling area, aod merchants could not only find out just vrhcro tho ships are that carry valuable cargoes invoiced to them, but could also, if tboy desired, tolegraph to alter tbo destination of their vessels, in accord- ance with changes of tho liiarkot. In timo of war a lino of slops stationed along the coast or between tho scene of active hostilities and the nearest telegraph office, could be of immense service in convoying by tho " air- telegraph" nows of tlio enemy's approach, or in trans mitting despatches where communication by tlio land routes was interrupted. ; The Irish quostion is dealt with' by-' fivo different writers in tho Nineteenth Century. Mr. Hobt. Giffen discusses iho . economic value of Ireland to Great Britain. Ho holds that tho direct advantages lo Ireland from complete or partial separation aro appa rently so littio that they cannot compensate the danger involved in any tiling like complete separa tion. Of courso, in isolution nnd hostility to Great Britain Ireland wonld bo lost. It is utterly without resources lo maintain such an. atti tude. On tho other lmud, tlio advantage to Ireland of a partial separation, in volving a sottlomeut of tho direct accounts anil leaving to it all the advantage of forming part of the United Kingdom, would bo enormous. Tho conclusion ho arrives at is that Great Britain has not much to loso in dis solving partnership, whilo Ireland lias. Tho Right Hon. G. Shaw Lofovro quotes precedents for Home Rulo iu other countries, including Sweden nnd Norway, Iho rotations of Austria to Hungary nnd tlio Governments of tlio United States nnd tho British colonies, showing that the difficulties with which Mr. Glad stone is now confronted huvc boon solved by statesmen of other countries. Ho is convinced that when once a scheme is launched by oi tlier of tbo two great parties of England, for conceding autonomy lo Ireland, the other will by force of circumstances be compelled eventually to admit tbo principle. Nothing, bo says, in the past half century 1ms been more re markable than the manner in which the great Liberal chief, risiug to tlio necessities of tho hour, at a time when his political career must bo approncbing its ond, came to tho conclusion almost alone that this great question must be solved ; having done so, he sot about to convert to his views his colleagues, his party and his countrymen, with a result al ready most snrprising, nnd which is pregnant of success in the futnrc. Lord Filzmauricc writes, upon Homo Rule iu Austria, the IIou, A. D. Elliot upon Home Ruio for Scotland, and Mr. F. II. Hill npou tho Impending Eng lish Answer. Tho last mentioned as serts ' that' the main object of granting Home Rulo to Ireland is to strengthen the union between that country and Groat Britain, to give force on Imperial matters to tho author ity of tlio Imperial Parliament, to supply farther --guarantees for tho supremacy of the Crown, and the restoration of self-government to Great Britain, now deprived of it by the con trol exercised1 by Irish members over British legislation and administration. Whatever the process adopted, ho maintains that tho redistri bution of functions between a central legisla ture and local chambers is a necessity of efficient Parliamentary govcroinont in a great and varied Statesncii as tlio United Kingdom.Lord Penzance attacks tho Free-trade idolatry of Great Britain, and gives tho following quotation from Mul- hall's Balance Sheet of the World : — "At present Great Britaia holds the foromost.indus- triul place, but tho United States will prob ably pass us in tbo next decade. Europe in tho meantime is losing weight in the bolanco of Iubor. This is duo not only to the rise of tho United States, hut also that of tha British colo nics, which arc already assuming tho importance of kingdoms." Thus, tlio community that overtakes and threatens to pass Great Britain in tlio raco is tha very one that has carried the principlo of protection twice as far as any other nation, whilo tbo British colonies arc fast fol lowing in her footsteps. Canada, which is thoroughly protoctive, almost rivals America. " It is fatuity to shut oar eyes to the fact," writes Lord Penzance, "that wlrat wo ac cepted in 1845 was free-trade — that is, . a free interchange of commodities unfettered by fiscal laws — and that what wo aro living under in 1885 is froe imports in onr own coun- try, ana a commerce loauea wnn icuers abroad," and bo goes on to show that it is en tirely a fallacious theory tliat a country is able, with mathematical certainty,, to increase its exports by increasing its imports. Blackwood devotes considerable space to somo sketches of Scotch local liistoiy, which revive many half-forgotten logends. It is told of Alastair Macdoaald, that bo was a grim personage, who whenever ho took a sword out of its sheath novor liked to put it back without shedding blood. One of this worthy's sisters was married to a certain M'Ncill, of whom he could not get the upper hand. Being mortified aud enraged with tho failure of any attempt ou tho lifo of M'Ncill, ho sought out tlio houso of auother sister, entered it in tho night, and cut off tho head ot her husband in tied. Tbo substitution of tbo innocent brother in law, who was in bed and fearing nothing, when it proved imposssblc to kill tbo offeuding relation, is described as a singularly naive expedient. Tho vatuo of tho now acquisition of tlio British Crown, Upper Bnrmab, is described in glowing terms. The new eastern proviuco is fivo times as large as Scotland, aud is rich both in minerals nnd pro ducts of tho soil. Tho opening up ot communication between Assam and Northern Burma, it is pointed out, should largely oxtend tbo cultivation of the tea plant. There is overy reason to believe tbnt the southern and eastern slopes of tho Patkoi and Lusbai moun tains aro well adap cd for this iudnstry ; nnd it is probabio that tho existence of tho tea plantations of Sylhot and Cachur, which aro soporatcd from tho Burmese slopes by only a short interval, will oxerciso a powerful in fluence on the introduction of tho tea plant within the. frontier. Tho political out look in England is discussed in a strong partisan spirit. "Lord Salisbury, it is ob served, "has fallen for tho moment before the unscrupulous tactics of .his opponents and tho flood of misrepresentations with which thoy inundated tho country before and during tho lato general election. But Lord Salisbury will return.. The calm, strong senso of tho British peoplo will . reassert ' itself, the eyes of the constituencies will ho opened, and all the arts nnd subterfuges of tlio oldest ' Parliamentary hand' will not keep from power, tho Minister whoso capacity has now been woll proved, and jvhose loyalty nnd patriotism deserve, and assuredly will rqpoive, tho confidence alike of his sovereign and her pooplo." An interesting notice is given of a diary kept at Vutluilolid iu tho timo of Cer vantes, by a Portuguese of- distinction, who was personally acquainted with the author of Don Quixote. This literary treasure trove was found in the British Museum. Its value is enhanced by the fact that scarcely anything is known of the personality of Cervantes. The diarist says on one page: "I will tell yon a most charming story about Lope Garcia dc la Torre, whom you know. His wife, who is of high family aud extremely handsome, sits up nil night gambling, and losing two or three hundred ducais in her own house, without troubling herself in tho least about her hus band. He goes to bed early, and if by any chance he calls her, anil tells her tocomo, she answers, 'Hold your tongue, and let me play, Lopo Garcia? You won't? ' Cervantes, give rae here that taws ( puhnatoria , an instrument made of leather thongs, fixed to a wooden handle, nnd used by schoolmasters), nnd we'll 6ce if I can't make him hold his tongue, Senor Don Lope, so long as I play with what is my own, hold your tongue ; when it is with what is yours, scold away.' " In a very reudablo sketch of Kea Serpents, Origiuul and Selected, iu Cornhill, tho writer says " The modern serpent is tlio heir- general of the ancient dragon, deceased. When Iho dragon was gathered to his fathers he left most of his surviving properties and effects by will to his representative, tho serpent, as re siduary legatee. Or, to put tho matter some what more correctly, the dragon is not yet wholly extinct ; ho lias gradually developed into the serpent by slow and imperceptible changes. Many old draconian peculiarities cling about him even now, in his serpentino guise. The very namo itself has a mythical ring about it ; for when a man says 'snake' you know at onco he means the kind of reptile dealt ia by Dr. Giinther and Sir Joseph Fayrcr — tho ophidians of fact and science ; but when be says 'serpent yon know ho means the mysterious dragon-like beast who lias entered largely into all myth from the beginning of' all- things. Now, tho serpent, as everybody kuows, is tho father of lies ; not only is he (as Falstaff would havo said) a liar himself, but he is also a cause of lying in others. Not that the lying need bo necessarily conscious or intentional ; by fur the larger port of it, no doubt, is duo to hasty or incorrect observation, distorted by terror, mag nified by wonder, au d rendered unduly definite by preconception. . I regard tbo man who says ho has seen a sea serpent in much tbo same light as I regard the man who says bo has ' seen a ghost.' Each is applying to a real or supposed object, more or less hastily observed, a term which is mythical in origin, overlaid by super stitions and prejudices, and at once too defiuito and too indefinite for tho thing ho thinks he has soon. Instead of merely stating facts, he is drawing an inference; ho is classifying his own experience sido by sido with certain other experiences and beliefs, the mass of which buvo come down to us from au eminently un critical myth-making romantic ago. Thereby bo puts himself immediately out of; court ; his evidence is cither inadmissible, or is, at least, worth very littio." 