CORRESPONDENCE. SALVATION ARMY. To the Editor. Sm, — lie the secretary of the Salvation Army's letter which appeared in t])e Daily Telegraph of Satur(lay. sphere | was a time whejl many t])0Ughtfi}l Christians thought the innovation of the Salvation Army quite pardonable, for the obvious reason that it was thought real good was being done among that class of the community, whom we were told from the platform and street, they came to up raise. Had this been accomplished, not one word would be written in disapproval of their work or phraseology. But what are the facts ? Well, in the face of all that may be said by this denomination to the contrary in their meetings, the movement is not a success in any other light than as a means to accumulate property, and in this res pect they appear to have achieved con siderable success. Baut the maiii object of ti)js organisation *yas at first set forth ' |o be the salvation froifl sify of the poor and hitherto neglpctpd masses. What has it done jn sp i^r as tfop carrying out of this idea is poncernpd iq oqr own mjdst ? The answer of the organisation, according to their own statistics which from week to week have appeared in their own organ, the War Ory, would be, speaking approxi mately, not less than the conversion in this city alone of 2500 souls. This picture is not drawn for the purpose of militating in any way whatever, with what is realty and truly genuine Christian work. The public eye is sufficiently keen to observe and help all work, which has for its ob ject the spiritual and moral elevation of the fallen. As proof of this the reader is referred to the noble way in which the Salvation Army work was i;ouqtenaqced atidh^Jned^ Wthe affluent (jhristian^adieai and gentlemen of Launceston in its earlier days. But the figures above are given to show how vefy misleading are the verbal and otherwise published statements of this society. It is true thousands thronged to hear and see these people at first ; it is also true that a great . number of people professed during the great er c temoiir, to get s-ivert fro.n their ains, and it is truo that some who had lived very imiuuial luvs, were after leaving the peniteut form, pushed on to the platform :it th?ir meetings. They have not worn well. Where arc they to day 1 With, but very few exceptions, these who were brought to the front and exhibited as trophies are as far from the possession of righteousness as ever to-day, and, of course, have returned to their former lives. We, do not name this that the reader may infer that we suppose that the army could keep them, but to show it is foreign to the truth to publish such re ports, to say such a host of men and women have been saved, when the public know it is quite untrue. One cannot but think the officers who publish such reports must know it is untrue. The inference is that any system of religion which is not founded upon the pure teaching of the Word of God will have its day, and the writer is by no means alone in chink ing the Salvation Army has had its day. False excitement, misleading statements, and obnoxiously-officious power, from the general down to the hall-sergeant, is the rock upon which this people is fast foundering. Many young men have gone into the field as officers ; have worked with acceptance in the eyes of the colonel or major or adjutant ; have helped to swell the treasury ; but in the course of time, if they become more popular than their 'superior' officers, were pushed into some starvation station until all the grace and power was staved out of them, and if one of them raised objection as to the severity of his treatment, he was told j he was not fit for the work. This all goes on in ine lunei circic. it uoes not oicen come to the surface ; but occasionally there is found a messenger to carry the tidings Where are the officers of the past ? Where are the Rev. John Horsly, Messrs. Ferber, Bollard, Tyler, Webber ? Where ? These men did not resign their respective positions without good reas -n. The confidence of the public never will be re- established in the movement, until there is exhibited more real work and less talk about what is being done in their fields of battle far away. We are told the army is destined to bring the world to God, and the proof is that the movement has been in existence upwards of 20 years, and must therefore be heaven commissioned. This is no proof ; nothing but a mere assumption. If we take for our data unreliable religi ous movements of the past, what do we find? Take first that extraordinary sect known as the Flagellants, which took its rise in the year 1260. Old and young, great and small, ran through the cities of Italy scourging themselves and exhort ing to repentance. Their number soon amounted to not less than 10,000, who went about bearing banners and crosses. Li 1261 they went over the Alps in crowds in'o Germany, and got into Alsatia, Bavaria, Bo hemia, and Poland, and gained there many imitators. The fear of Christ so affected the people that men of all ranks, old and young, traversed the streets naked, yet without shame. Each carried a scourge in his hand with which he drew forth blood from his tortured body, amidst sighs and tears, at the same time singing peni tential psalms. By day and by night, aud even in the coldest winters, by hundreds and by thousands they wandered through cities and churches, streets and villages. The sight of this religious movement re sulted amongst the most unfeeling, shed ding of tears, discordant parties were re conciled, robbers hastened to restore their unlawful gains, criminals before unsus pected came and confessed their crimeB. This strange people iiad an existence from 1260 to about 1418, or about 158 years. It is yet early days for the Salvation Army to boast of its age. But to enlarge on this subject is superfluous. 1, therefore, name only the jumpers, dancers, muggletonians, French prophets, etc. Of these prophets it may be said in the year 1683 five or six hundred of Protestants of both sexes announced themselves to be prophets, and inspired of the Holy Ghost. These people were soon numbered by thousands. They were of all ages and sexes, without dis tinction. The burden of their prophecies j was — ' Amend your lives : repent ye, the end of all things draws nigh.' Where are these and a great number of other religious systems equally as extra vagant in sounding out their works and the enormous good they did 1 Echo answers where ? The army in its present form will not live to be a centenarian.— Yours, etc., A Workman. August 16. 