UNDER THE VERANDAH. When the niorniug journals do agree their uiiuuimity is wonderful. In their respective leaders on Tuesday touching the Freucli fili bustering expedition to the New Hebrides they are literally of one mind and almost of identical form of expression. The .lije says — " Such a slap m tho face has not -boon given to the English Lion by any foreign power during this generation." The Argus remarks: — " That the mistress of the seas should cuduro it should turn tho other side of the check to the sinilcr— is a. thing not to be supposed. " Tho Ttlegmph affirms:—" The actiou of Franco is a direct slap in tho face to Great Britain." If the public be only as unanimous on tho subject as the newspapers Lord Grauville will havo to overcomo his con stitutional laziness sufficiently to bid tho Foreign Office understand that it is the opinion of tho colonies that Jolm Bull had better dress in quaker drab for the future if ho is prepared tamely to submit to a left-hander of Hub de scription from his volatile neighbor. Under the circumstances it may be a satisfaction to some people lo kuow that an Englishman carried off tho first prize— 100,000 francs— at tho big race in l'aris last Sunday. It appears the fate of the sexagenarians is still undecided. No man of sixty can say whether lie is to remain in tho public service after the end of tho month, and there Is gnashing of gums and teasing of wigs— teeth and luiir are out of the question— iu old buffer ciiclcs. Tho feeling of the public, I think, is unmistakable. If an old servant is incapacitated for work bo should go, no matter what his own opinion of his powers may be. But tliut lie should bo compelled to go simply becauso ho has arrived at a certain ago in order to make vacancies for juniors is an absurdity that will not bo sanctioned. Lawyers are not required to give up the practice of their pro fessiou at a certain ag, that Tomplc-court youths may lmve a better show. Doctors cau kill— and cure— long past tho civil service time for retiring. And clergymen hold to their pulpits and retain the affection of their flocks for years past tho timo they would bo expected to go to grass, if they only had to disckargo tho median!- cut work of a clerk. The argument that a civil servant should retire if unfit for work is good, but ttmt lie sliuuld retire ill order to keep tip n stream of promotion is unfuir and nujust, both to the seniors and (lie public. Wc have,; in fact, only to apply the test to other professions to see its absurdity. If it is neces sary to aiiioiul the Public Service Act in order to make the intention of the legislature more intelligible, there will be little difficulty in the matter. Aspiring juniors will have to wait n little longer before they step into the shoes of the old meu. The mantle of Mr. M'Coll seems to have fallen on Mr. Walter Madden. Tho latter gentleman is rather more arithmetical than his great predecessor, and he 1ms adduced figures to show that Victoria loses in tho year water to the value of £164, -188, 000 through tho unfor tunate habit that rivers have of running into the sea. He puts down the total rainfall of Victoria at 4,334,499,000,000 cubic feet, and owing to natural depravity and the law of gravitation 15 per cent, of this stupendous amount runs to waste. After this, I am quite prepared to see an advertisement for n limited liability com pany to save such a noble rainfall for the co lony. Clergymen of nil cvangelicnl denomina tions should bo presented with promoters' shores in order (hat- they may -turn their prayers and the prayers of their flocks towards' saving the water, and an annual ; dividend inny be counted on equal to anything that has -been seen since tho days of the South Sea Company. I have no opportunity of checking Mr. Mad- den's figures, but I fear ho" has been too mode rate. -He 'only calculates the rain that actually falls. Should he not have taken credit for the large amount of moisture in the clouds, Which under improved scientific arrangements might- be condensed and made to swell the profits of the company ? Onr neighbors in Sontli Australia seem to be getting into a bad way. To add to the misery of commercial depression and continued out breaks of kleptomania among bank officials, they have now a vigilance committee appointed to look after other people's morals. Who are to report on the morals of the . vigilance committee is not yet made clear. The well known reply to tho proffer on the racecourse, " My friend, the captain, will hold the stakes," "Yes, but who will hold your friend, the captain !" might apply in this case. Tho committee, which is captained hyarevcrcud gentleman is volunteer ing to keep an espionage on sinners in general, but no association hasyct been formed to answer for tho connnittoe. This will probably follow in duo course, and then" the second association will stand in need of a third, and so on ml tiijim'lum. When every body in Adelaide is engaged in looking aHer the- morals of everybody else there is likely to be a bad season, as no one will lmve time to look after bis own morals. If every individual there and elsewhere would under take, With success, to regulate tho moral con duct of just one person, what a grand' world this would become ! South Australia is slill in the throes of its embezzlement epidemic, and bunk managers are catching it as -freely as ever. I suppose the real explanation of this phenomenon is to be discerned in tho fact that man is an imitative animal, like his Darwinian progenitor, and wheu ho perceives any little bit of mischiof afloat cannot rest satisfied till lie bus a hand in the sport. The familiar story of the sailor and the monkeys furnishes the key to tho position. This licro of the nursery was passing through a wood with a package containing woollen night enps. Feeling sleepy, he opened the parcel, and taking out one of tho caps put it on his licad aud resigned himself to slumber. The moukoys in the trees around had observed his action with simian sympathy, nnd when he awoke his puckage was empty and the branches of the trees were crowded with apes grinning at him, cacil adorned with a night cap. Swear ing at them proved wholly useless, nnd at length in a rage ho declared tlicy might as well have the last one, nud Hung it to the ground, where upon his "poor relations" imitated his actiou, nnd lie recovered his stolen property. Pos sibly, as some ouo in Sydney bas set the cxamplo of restoring misappropriated funds, the infection of that rarer form of eccentricity may spread iuto tho neighboring colony. Ono of tho hereditary legislators of Great Britain who bears the oaco highly respected name of Lord St. Leonards was summoned at the District Court lust week for his board aud lodging account at a Mclbouruo hotel: lie failed to put In an appearance and a judgment was given against bis lordship, with costs ol court. As long as a wandering peer of tho realm keeps to tho civil side of our courts of justice our law provides machinery for dealing with him. But what in the name of the British constitution arc we to do if cue of our distinguished visitors goes in for felony ? One of the remaining privileges of the peerage is that where their life or liberty is at 6tuke they are exempt from ordinary jurisdiction, and can claim to bo tried by a jury of their own order. Should we have to send a member of tho House of Lords to Loudon if ho picked a pocket in Victoria of scut a bullet into a landlord who declined to give him freo board i Or would it be necessary to import a dozen peers from England, with au emergency man or two in case of accident ? Or would a folouious lord be satisfied with (ho colonial article, and (rust his life and liberty to tho mercy of our Upper House, which is tho nearest thing wo havo to offer in place of an hereditary chamber ? There are so many difficulties in tho way of a satis factory trial, that we must throw ourselves on the mercy of globo trotting or expatriated noble men, and implore them to do nothing that will bring them within reach of tho criminal law. Wo can manage .a peer that tries to bilk his landlord, hill . if he paid j.i,„ willT7ffi7- cheque, we might as a community llc bronchi info conflict , with his august brethren ''in " another place." James Macaw, a Post Office clerk, pleaded guilty lust Friday, before Judge Cone at Bnllarat, to throe charges of embezzlement the sums stolcu from the office being xioo' £100 and £90, or a total of £310. On the same day. before the Melbourne City Court John M. Hice was prosecuted on four chorees of obtaiuing sums of money, amuiintinw"t0 £64 15s., under false pretences. The instcil official, who abused his position and went lo, the large amount was sentenced to twelve mouths' imprisonment ; the scamp, bee. who induced foolish people to believe lie was Lord Montengle, and so obtained credit, was sen tenced to two years' imprisonment, hard labor being added in both cases. This appears to me a positive mockery of justice. If the sentonccs had beeu reversed Macaw would not have been punished enough. His was a theft that could not have been guarded against and his sentence should have been proportioned to his responsibility. Tho only safeguard that society can have against dislioaestofficials is the certainty of severe punishment on conviction. Thieving iu the Post Office is unfortunately too common, but detection is rare, and when a thief is caught, an example should be made of him. In ' Lord Mouteagle's " case it would have been well if -his' victims had been put in the dock beside him and tried for criminal care- Iessness. They , wore really accessories to the offence, for if they had not been fools lie would not liaTC been a roguo. The simplest p, recall- tiou would' have enabled them to save their money nnd keep him out of gaol, while no pre caution that wc can take serves to keep the Post Office from plunder. Last week I recommended a scorching room for clerks. This week I would suggest a searching iuquiry by the Minister of Justice, It is announced that a competitive examina tion of candidates for the clerical division of the public service will lie held iu -Melbourne and throughout- tho colony next month. I have been asked by a young lady whether it is open for. her to compete, nnd after a careful examina tion of (lie act I cau soe nothing to prevent her. Where candidates arc spoken of in the act uo doubt the words "lie" aud "his" are used ; but as a matter of fact female cicrhs and tele graphic operators are employed in the Post Office, as well as female teachers in State schools; so I presume they would be equally eligible for iippoiutmenls in the Treasury, the Customs, aud other Govoruineut offices. I think that it should be made generally known if such is tlu case. The position of a Government clerk is one that n girl onglit to be wcli able to fill, and there is no reason why it should he held as a monopoly / by meu. A mixed staff of male and fcnialo clerks would give a clmrm to official life that it docs not now possess, aud the future Australian novelist would find materials for a pint in the daily work of the Lands or llie Audit office where there is now no possibility of romauce. In thcconrscof time, no doubt, Indies would rise to be Assistant Commissioners, Inspectors-General nnd permanent heads, nnd the struggle he- tween love and duty when a female permanent head felt called on to stop the increment of a fascinating but graceless subordinate of the an tagonistic sex for neglect of duty would he tempting enough to bring the ghost ot Anthony Trollopo back to pen and iuk. Applications for employment may be made up to the lGth inst., and I trust that many ladies will offer themselves, so that my young friend may he kept iu countenance. It is not likely that a girl smart- enough to pass iu a competitive ex amination would ho left for six months doing nothing but sitliug.on a stool and drawing her pay, like a Into member of the civil service. When girls uro appointed there will ho less smoking, less drinking, less idle talk, and more work than at present. Some folks are never tired of lecturing work ing men as to their duties in life. They are told how very foolish it is of them not to wsut to work as many hours a day us possible, what a. lot of wonoy collectively they speud OTer slimulative fluids and tobacco, and what a deal they might nccomplish if they put i' out to accumulate at compound interest instead. Tho latest lecture administered to them by their particular fiicud, the Conservative organ, is bccanso they havo not dropped on their knees with becoming humility before flic donor of the " Frinco Leopold Working Man's Col lege, nud tliev are advised to baud over the annual profits accruing from their eight hours fdto, amounting to some £1000, to keep the college going, if they wisli to furnish evidence that they arc really anxious to spend their superabundant leisure properly. M he" will these pcoplo understand that working men, worthy of the name, have just as much objec tion to be patronised as any other section of tho community ; that they are beginning to rimy tho laws governing the existing relations o labor and capital, nud that they are mora nuxious to discern tho way to secure justice til these social relationships than to rcccno donations from any ono, however overwhelming Meantime, they may bo satisfied to be no wis" or mora unselfish than " their betters," who are nrnne to natroniso and to lecture at tho sliortcs notice. ATTICUS. 