David on the Divine William. " IIiONain horriblo shadow I What is to happen to tho saorod momory of tho " Divine Willinm " noxt, > This vory ovoning tho mombors of tho ? Shakosporian Sooioty will discuss, at tho instanoo of Mr, David Blair, tho naomontous quostion :— i.'IWns Shakosponro n Oustoms-Houso OCnoor ?" . ,Oh, David I Oh, David I Has it oomo to this ? Wb romombor that tho poot dramatist doos avor that- " nioo oustoms curtsoy to groat kings," but tho man who uscd.thoso words was a soldior and a'Icing on tho point of kissing a protty princoss, and not a " ganger"' on tho loolc-oiit for tubs. Jaclc Cado certainly m'adospmoallusions toOustom\x=req-\ I-Ioti'so offloors, but as ho oxpvossod his Intention of hanging any stray spooimons that camo in his way, tho author who pub tho words in tho robol's month oould not havo had a vory high opinion of tho class in tho ranks of which Mr. Blair soolcs io plaoo him. Wo supposo tho noxt question will bo whothor tho "Swan oi! Avon" was a gooso; or whether tho " sorgoant" who brought Henry Duncan the nows of viotory was not, after all, only a lanoe-oorporal 5 or whothor the drum of Pnrollos was a big drum or a sido drum. Apropos of this military viow of tho quostion, wo remember onco reading' a olover disoussion in.tlio pages of an old periodical oallod tho " Flowers of, Litoratu.ro," as to whether tho words describing the advanoo of tho ghost of Hamlot's father, as boing made with " martial stalk," should not have boon printed with " Marshall Stock " who, aooording to the mover of tho discussion, had , boon an uffioer of high rank in tho Danish Army, and an aide-de-camp. to tho king. Another quotation witla reference to a oertain stylo of acting boing " Oaviaro to tho General," is adduced in support of this viow.. We do not profess to bo suoh a thorough Shakosperian scholar ourselves, but we don't want our old worship of tho bard dispoisod j.ancl we consider it far more probable , that Hamlet's father's ghost should have " walked"' with tlio spirit of a decoased fellow-soldier than that Shakespeare should have prowled round the country looking after broaches of the Trade Mark's Statutes. ■ No doubt ho did a little in tho poaching lino in his early youth, but a ' ganger," nover ! Perish tho thouglii ? - 