i'octvn .md littles. SPOKEN. IN ANGER. 'Twas but G little word In anger ejtoken, While proud eyes flashed through bitter burning team ¡ But oh, 1 felt that fetal word had broken Thc.eord of love that bound our hearts for yean. Thy'tortured face, that Ionic, wUd look of sorrow, Like sonic l»le ghost, mustliaunt me while I live ; And yet, lion- bright, how full of joy the morrow. II ad I but breathed one simple wura " Forgive r I did not hear thy tender voice appeal inp;. Nor marked thy anguish when I cried, " Depart V Too blind to see thy p itylng flanee, revealing The generoun promptings of thy noble heart» flow could 1 know that faithful heart uns yearning, Though crushed and woundod to Its In mort core, To take inc back, like weary bird returning In fear and trembling, when tlie storm ls o er. "?Remember, love, that it may be forever ; To-see my fftue no inure liy night or dav» fte calm. rash, heart, think weil before we sever, Beoall thu angry word, and told tue stay." |>ead silence fell ; the song-bhds bushed their singing, *' Enough," I proudly cried ; *' 1 choose my fate.*' While even through my luoddvned twain kupfc ringing The death-knell of my love-"Too late, too Ute 1" " Forgive, forgive V 1 wailed, tbc wild tears streaming* AH, 'mid the mooning true«, I stood alone ; " Love, let thy kluscs wak« ni« from.my dreaming.'* Tliy pleading voice, Uiy torturai face waa gone ' That snory wor i, f may mall it never ! For o'er thy narrow grave rattle, weeda have grows. " ReutemUer, low, that lt may be forever." AK words prophetic ! love. had. I, but known. My locks are grey, my eyes are dim with weeping. The (ace onoe loved hy thee, no longer fair ; Bc i rua th thc daisies thou art ualmly slee|>Iiig ¡5 Tlmrc a lone woman often kneels In prayer, Ah, sweetheart mine, thou ort so lowly lying. Thou canal »ot hear thc tearful voiw lOwe, That with the night wind evermore is sighing, *' I 0]>oke in auger! oh, forgive me, love!" WHEN are watches easily stolen! Wbea they arc off tlieir guard. A HOMELY wonjan has some advantage over a beautiful one. It is possible for other women to love her. A noe who knows where to find a bone, is wiser than a scholar who has uut learned how to make a living. " IT'S a wife's duty to be pleasaut," says an exchange. Vee, and it is the husband's duty to make her duty easy. A mil's old lady recently Bent as wedding presents a pair of flat-irons, a rolling-pin, and a motto worked on cardboard, reading, "Fight on.* FHIKNU (.taking leave after epeuding the. evcuiugl: " Admirable talker your wife is. Brown. I could listen to her a whole night." Brown (with a sigh) : "Ah! I often do !" Ml«. Hoi«;-" What a terrible fall your father got yesterday. Harold : do you know whit thc doctor calle.I it V Harold engrossed in arithmetic) - " Ycs'in ; compound frac- tions." A MAS recently died in a Philadelphia. resUuiant while waiting for his lircakfast. There arc some uf the sluwest people in the world iu l'hiladelpb a. WHEN all the landlords are gouc, sad aft the tenants are become landlords, who will be the only remaining tenant in Ireland ! Sure, the bord Left-tenant, bedad. LITTLE Willie (aged seven :) " And wer« all the little birds drowned,mamma !" Mamma, (who bad been telling the story of the deluge :| " Yes, all but those who were in thc ark." Willie : " Then I do think they were stupids ; why didn't they get iq » row on tl)? top of the. »rk!" 