TO THE EDITOB. Sir— In reply to ' W. A. C.' I observe that Barrowe, Greenwood, and Penry had been dead fifty years and more before 1615. How, therefore, thev had anything to do with passing Acts ot irariiamen?; eo long alter tne'.r departure to be with Christ I am not able to understand. Moreover, the part of the Puritan party who passed the legislation of 1645 was not made up of the Independents. The Independents were a very email minority iaTaTffiffienfc1*TheHdep^d6nta'fbng^% every meanB in their power.againBt enforced uniformity' In* religion. TheyT very TmnW ' objected to the forced use of what ' W.- A»C/\ calls ' the Calvanist Directory under penalty-*' of fine and imprisonment,' and, what is more, refused to be under ii3 authority, and nobly * risked the consequences of disobedience. Cromwell 'a victorious army of the New Model, which scattered the Cavaliers like chaff is ccattered before the windj-'waS'1' opposed to enforced uniformity of religions T creed or worship, and favoured large mea- ' suresof religious liberty .for all men.^Thei ruling Bpiritsof that conquering army; were Independents, including the great chief him Belf. That army would not allow the Presby- , terian uniformity to be enforced npon the nation. . :. . ' : .'.'' .'';!-,*'. Writing to the Speaker of the House of Commons from the victorious field of Naseby Cromwell Baid : — ' All that believe have the real unity, which is the most glorious, being .'the inward and spiritual, in the body and in the head. For being united in forms (com monly called unrormity) every Christian will, for peace Bake, Btudy and do as far as conscience will permit. And from brethren in things of the mind we look for no com pulsion but that of light and reason' {vide Carlyle's Cromwell.) Witivregard to the action of the Parliament of 1645. when the Bishops and clergy were melting their plate'; and doing all that in them lay to enable Charles L to overthrow the Constitution of . England and build a despotic Monarchy nponi its ruins, the Puritans had 86me large excuse ; for extreme measures against bo potent a foe to liberty. And we must remember ' tha sixty years of persecution which, , the Puritans had endured at the hands of the Anglican prelates, and the very recent attempts of Laud to Romanize the establish ment oy means of fierce persecutions, while at the very same time he was aiding the King to govern without a Parliament. These are very extenuating circumstances for tha Puritan right wing, though I believe they should have followed the lead of the Inde pendents and have shown a more tolerant spirit. I advise 'W. A. a' to read VoL iv. of Green's ' History of the English Nation,' written by an Anglican clergyman. He will then get there some clearer notions about English history, and the Independents in particular. . It is quite news to me to hear that the Anglican Church can afford to be quiet, foe I thought that at the late general election in England Bhe made a great cry, ' The Church is in danger.' Now, as Mr. Bright saye, 'I have heard the cry that the Chuich is in danger all my days, but I have never heard the cry that ' The Chapel is in danger.' We cer tainly do not want to raze the Anglican Church to the foundation, if, as her adherents confess, she stands on ' the one foundation,' Christ, the Rock of Ages ; for we build on that Rock, and confess and profess no other hope for life eternal buc Christ and Him crucified. But we should like to bum np a little or that wood, hay, and stubble which Anglican pre lates and their helpers have built npon the eternal foundation. As for example,-! we would like Churchmen, if they think it scrip tural, reasonable, and true, to use the Athan asian creed as an expression of their own belief, but not to pronounce everlasting dam nation upon every person who is not able to keep that creed whole and undefiled, I believe that the Athanasian creed is full of truth and deep Christian wisdom, but I could never stand up before the Eternal Father in solemn worship and say that I believe every one who does not keep and, be- lieve it to perfection will be damned. Then, also, we want in England to discon nect the Church from the State. We cannot ' Bee why the Anglicans should have legal privileges over and above equally good Roman Catholic, Wesley an, Congregational, an3 Baptifit Christians. We do not want to enforce disability upon the Anglicans, aa they have and do enforce it upon us to this hour. But this policy of pure justice cannot be identified before the conscience with razing the Anglican Church to its founda tions— without, indeed, they acknowledge the State and not Christ to be their foundation. I often think Anglican Christians dishonour themselves by this foolish fear, of dis establishment. Why, after that takes place ChriBt, the Holy Ghost, and God's sweet Evangel will still remain to yon, brethren. We poor Independents whom you despise have managed to survive without State aid and in front of State frown, so do not be afraid, you will still exist and bear your testimony. If by sound reason, by manly piety, by culture, by charity to the needy, by leading men into light, righteousness, and true progression, the Anglicans can increase their hold npon the English nations, then I sa- God speed you. Nothing will help the Anglican Church more : than bringing forth abundant fruits of re pentance for all the ill that she has done to those other Christian Churches so dear to masses of Englishmen, if now by way of atonement for. the past [tha Anglican chiefs would labour and never rest till the other Churches had thoroughly equal, legal rights as regards securing. Church rites, burial, marriage, and at the Universities, ani also to give the Dissenters in the rural districts a voice in a dnly elected Board in the schools wherein their children are educated ; if they would cultivate so keen a sense of justice as to render the conscience clause needless, then the Church would do much to remove bitterness and obtain moral Bway. The death of Barrowe, Greenwood, and Penry marked the first act in the great struggle for religious liberty in which the Congregationalists took part, so that it waa natural for me to refer to them in the Con gregational Union. Their execution marks for us the extreme point of State antagonism' to the right of free religious association. ? . . I am, 8ir, &c.; . : , - J J; C. KIRBY,: \ 