TO THE EDITOB. Sir— Although in a short letter it is scarcely possible to comment on all ' NonIiatitudi oarian's ' theories, still I should feel obliged, if you will insert the following in reply. 'A human soul without a body is not a person,' says your correspondent. I presume he means by this that a human soul withuut a. material body is not a person, if so, Ibe^ to question this assertion. It is true a aiioaaa eouI cannot exist without a spiritual body, but that a human soul can exist with out - a material body, and is conse quently ft person, aud not a vapor, £ 1QO »ill endeavor to prove. St. John says— ' I saw under the altar tiia sonls of them that were aaah for the WbrdoT God, and for the testimony which they held' (Etev. vi. 9), and iii verse 10 he Says 'They cried with a load Voice saying, how long O Lord holy and true dost thou not judge and avenge our blood oii then! fliat dwell on the earth;' and in verse U— ''White robes were given to every one of them.' How it is evident that these souls had organs of speech, otherwise they could not have 'cried with a loud voice,' and those that heard must have had ears to hear, other wise crying out would be useless ; and if .white robes were given I should think these would be rather useless articles to them if they had no bodies, and if a body they had a personality; but the material resurrection had not then taken place, therefore these clotted bodies were not material. 'N.L.' also says, 'the natural and corruptible body will become a spiritual and incorruptible body,' entirely ignoring what St. Paul says (1 Cor. ixv. 50), ' neither doth- corruption in herit incorruption ;' and again, 'thou sowest not the body that shall be' (1 Cor. xv. 37). And let your correspondent please note that St. Paul says, ' There is a natural body and there is a spiritual body.' This is in the present tense, and not the future, although material resurrectionists endeavor to twist it into the future. The spiritual body I maintain is the' real and substantial man, which every one now possesses ; and as to his spirit, man is no w in the spiritual world, although his spiritual faculties being at present closed be is unconscious of his spiritual surroundings, and the natural body is added to the spiritual while in this world as an instrument in the soul's band in fulfilling the duties of natural life, the natural body being as necessary to a natural world as a spiritual body is to a spiri tual one. We are no longer animals when we pass into the world beyond the grave. With rfepard to the resurrection, ' we being carnally minded, dead in trespasses and sins,' Christ came to save us from these fearful graves, our own 'whited sepulchres.' In reference to tripersonalionism and substitution, I regard them_ as one mass of contradictions nhscrlptutal , and God-dishonoring. In one of the thirty-nine articles we read God is a being 'without body, parts, or passions,' and yet these mysterious Christians assert that there are three persons in this being 'without body, parts, or pasfiibniB.' I should thinkthat there are a great many parts in tins being, since it takes three persons to make one God. If X was to say it takes tSrrefe persons to make one man I should be regarded as a lunatic, and that these three persons are equal, &c.;, but -according to your correspondent's mews Christ's material body was raised. Such feeing the case he will have something which the Father Goes not possess, viz.— a material body. I wonder what conception 'N.L.' has as to the person of the Father, since He is hot a ma- . terial person or body. The Bible says noth ing as to three persons in the Godhead, whatever priest - made creeds may do. I believe in a Trinity, but not a Trinity of per sons. The Son was the Humanity, The Father the Divinity, the Holy Ghost the divine effluxion from Christ, who since his resurrec tion I maintain is, as he says Himself, King of Kings and Lord of Lords, the Alpha and the Omega, and besides Him there is no God, nor yet any other person in the Trinity, if St. Foul speaks the truth when he says, 'in Him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.' Mark, bodily. The doctrine of Substitution Z regard as one of the greatest libels ever in vented. ' ' Justice demands that the offending party or his substitute shall be punished for the offences committed,' eays 'N.L.'. Vengeance might, justice never allows the innocent to suffer for the guilty. A father makes a rule and a penalty for breaking it. His son breaks it and becomes guilty; his innocent loving daughter offers to take the -chastisement due to her brother ; bnt the father who would inflict the stripes due to. her brother on his loving child, that father I would clap in gaol ' to-morrow, or sooner if I had it in my power. True doctrine teaches us that 'the Son of Man came to seek and to save that which was lost.' To save from evil, and hence hell, and not to save from the anger of a demon God. . All we like sheep had gone astray, and the 'everlasting Father' epokenof by Isaiah be came manifest in the flesh, to Conquer the hells, to restore us to spiritual freedom, and 'to reconcile the world onto Himself,' teach ing us how to live, and not teaching only bat actually imparting strength to live and tread «n the path that leads to happiness and heaven. — I am, &c;, C. C0ATE3. [We can publish no more on this subject. — Ed'3 ? 