Hunting for Grouse. Occasionally a mighty Nimrod from the city comes out to hunt game in my neighbour* hood, said a Greenfield farmer not long since. A few days ago I saw a swell of a chap edging up through my sugar bush to the wheat field. He had on long-legged boots, and was togged and belted and strapped out in regular hunter fashion. He looked jaat too party for anything. He carried a darling of a gun and went dodging around as if he expected to start up a Bengal tiger from behind every stump. I took a short cut to the barn and turned the old peacock loose. The old bird understood what was wanted of him. He pulled down his eye at me and started tor the back lots. I followed down along the fence, and pretty soon I saw that swell hunter break cover from the woods. He was after quail, and be scon sighted the peacock. The bird had his tail fanned out and his head up, and could be seen half a milo away. Nimrod got his guu off hie shoulder and began to cieep up, and by and-bfehe blsztd X saw the whole charge of shot tear into the groaad yards away from the old bird, but he koew hi* bueiaess. He fell downswings and legs flopping, and pretty soon ho expired. The young man with the darling of a gun reached him about the same time as I did. " Beautiful shit!"' says he. "I reckon," says I; "but what are you out after?' 11 Grouse " saja he, "and this is the finest one I ever saw." " Grouse, you numskull; but you have killed my peacock I" Well, the usual results followed. His chin began to quiver, the cold sweat started out, and he wanted to know how much I would take to let him off. I sent him to the house to see the old woman. She has got a way of wiping her eyes and cbokiog her voice over the death of that peacock which always brings in 8 dollars extra, the let this young swell off with 10 dollars, which is the usual price; and as he started down the highway the old bird got np and marched back to the * barn with a chuckle that set every hen laughing. That's five times we've played it ou the swell tfimtods within six months, and I expect more fun this summer than a horse can drair. The miner's motto: " Ore et labore." Boys will bo boys—they oannot be girls. Bound information - that received by tele phone. An Irishman trying to pat out s gaslight with his fingers, cried oat, 44 Och murder! the divil s wiok's in it!" ""What kind of a dog is that, my little man 11 He's part terrier." " And what's the other part ?" " Oh, just dog 1" Sandy's Yibw op thh Hatihb.—" Eh, it's ra the gettin* drank I mind," said an old tfootchm&n;,11 it's the gettin' sober again I object to." "Gbeat emergencies/1 says an exchange, "are great men's opportunities." Will fcome body be good enough to hind us a great emer gency ? Little Johnny, oa being asked by his school teacher if ho knew what was meant by 'tat par,' replied, V Ala is always at par * ben he comes home late." Eomebodby, who writes .mote truthfully than poetically, says: 44 Au n?g'el without inoaoy is not thought so mu h nowadays us a devil with * bag full of giiiu as." Moss than 3,00) people in one province of Russia are employed in making birrcborgans. When the face becimeY generally known iiuaiii will not have a frieu i iu tlio world. ;T A 5EVAD1 hunter speut three months in looking for a grizzly bear, and tho man's rela . tires,have spent three months looking for liim. They think ne rnujt have tound the bear. "Do y ukuow," said a cunning Yankee to a Jew, 44 that they hang jackaxaes and Jew? together in Portland?" 4*indeed, bco her, then-it's well that you and I are not there." '' A'totcd young man has married & lady whose weight vo ges on 200 lbs." 4,ATy d:ar," he says to her, 44 shall 1 help yon over the fence?"' /; JN*o," says eke to htm, 44 help the fence." Advice on the tubject cf gkest-ssting pvrn by'ft hardened sceptic vs a young frier.d—u Aly dear boy, if a ghost comes in at the door, take a pistol;.if he comes up through the iloor, tako a pill." Hall's Journal of Health says intense thirst is eatiited by wading in water. This is particularly the oise if the water happens to be over a raid's beid. Very few dead man are troubled with thirst. A cote Yunkeo has invented a nest, in the bottom of which there is a kind of trap door, through which tbe ogg, whan laid, immediately drops, and tho h*n, looking round and eeeinr none, soon lays another. An Irishman angling in the rain was ob served to keep his Hue under the arch of a bridge. On being asked the reason, be said, "Ooh, sure the fishes will be after crowding there to keep out of the wetl" Teb Avtagagdlivtit XalinginnarmikT$sarumi nasassumUc is the euphonious title ef a journal started in Greenland. Newsboys refuse to cry it oa the streets for less than 10 dollars a day and a pair of ittel-platei jaws. "What do they do when they instal a minister?" asked a small boy. "Do they pot himinastallandfeedhim?" "Not a bit," said bis father; "they harness him to a church, and expect him to draw it alone." " Young men," says Mr. Cooper, "if it were the last words I had to address to yon in the world, it wonld ho—"Don't get into debt. It will make a sneak of yon, it will make a slave of you. Keep out of debt if you dine often on short commons " Bbasos Ekocgh —"I nolics," said a gentle, man in search of information to Eerr Most, " that Anarchists never strike. Why is this ?" " That," said the great apostle of month as a factor in social progress, with much dignity, " is easily exp'ained. No true Anarchist ever works." " Did yon divide that chocolate with your little brother ? " asked a mother of her greedy little Johnny. "Yes, ma; I ate the chocolate and gavo him the paper it was in with the pretty pictures. He likes to look at the pic tures,1" was her cherub's reply. "Wsi don't you trade with me?" said a close-fisted washerwoman to an acquaintance the other day. " Because," was the character istic reply, "you have never asked me. 1 have looked all through the newspaper for an invita tion, in the shape of an advertisement, but in vain. I never go where I am not wanted." " I GUB5S, sister, you needn't bother about having the parlour swept out to day," was the remark of an Alleghany youth ss he started tr school. " What on earth do you mean, Qeorge ? " " Well, I heard father tell mother that if that young man cf yonrs came to night he'd wipe the floor with him." Owes Moose Wasowin'moTe Than Owen Moore cenld pay, So owin' more Caused Owen Moore To up and ran away. 