THE ATJSTESr COTTAGE HOMES AT SOUTH GEELONG. Oq Saturday afternoon the formal lay ing of the foundation stone of the Elizabeth cottage homes, about to be erected for the use of the aged poor of the laboring class, and for persons in reduced circumstances belonging to the more educated classes, at the sole expense of Mrs Elizabeth P. Austin, of Barwon Park, near Winchelsea, took place. The site of the almshouses is a large piece of land, over an acre in extent, having frontages to Yarra, Mnndy, and Lons dale streets, and close to the South Geelong railway station. Over 300 persons attended to witness the ceremony, there being a very brilliant gathering of ladies of the town and suburbs who ever take an interest in works of charity. Among those present were— Ald. Sommers (mayor of Geelong), Ald. Meakin, Strong, and Carr, and Crs. Humble, Aitchison, Price, Anderson, S. Austin, and Richardson, the Rev. Canon Goodman, M.A., Rev. J. R. Wardrop, M.A., Dr. Pincott, Mr G. M. Hitchcock, and Mr A. A. Austin. The plans of the proposed buildings, the contract for the erection of which has been taken by Messrs Keown and Ebbels, were placed in a conspicuous position by the architect, Mr Joseph Watts, of Ryrie-street, and they were minutely inspected by the foundress of the cottages and the large assemblage whilst the band belonging to St. Augustine's Orphanage played selections of music. In the Yarra-street frontage there will be three separate buildings of Italian design. The centre one will be a two-storey building, with a tower, which is to be constructed for committee rooms for ladies and gentlemen, parlors of large dimensions, a library, the outside of the building to be relieved by a verandah and balcony. On either side of the central building there will be two cottages, each of four rooms, the parlors being 17ft. by 13ft., and the bedrooms 13ft. by 33ft. 6in., which are intended for occupa tion by persons of superior education but reduced in circumstances, and the whole will have a frontage of 240ft. to Yarra-street The Mundy and Lonsdale-street frontages of 100ft. each will be occupied by terraces of two-roomed cottages, four buildings com posing each terrace. The rooms will be 14ft. by 13ft., and the kitchens 8ft. by 8ft., and all will be fitted with cupboards, etc., complete. The design for the terraces is known as the Swiss cottage, and all will be finished off with verandahs in front and lobbies at the rear. The bnildings are to be of brick, on stone foundations, the roofs to be of corrugated iron, and the walls inside to be plastered. Great admiration of the plans was expressed by all present, and when completed it is expected that the buildings will be highly ornamental and attractive. Saturday was chosen by Mrs Austin as the day for the ceremony, the date being the anniversary of her birth and also of the date she was married, whilst it corresponded with the date on which the fonndation stone of the Hospital for Incurables was laid in Melbourne, on the Heidelberg road. The Rev. Canon Goodman stated that they had met that day, in accordance with the custom on such occasions, to lay the foundation stone of buildings which were to be dedicated to the service of God, and for the use of the poor of the town for ever. He then read, with much impressiveness, the usual church formats in connection with the dedication of buildings to the Almighty, after which all joined in the Lord's Prayer. The Hon.G. F. Belcher, in addressing Mrs Austin, stated that within the cavity of the foundation stone a bottle had been placed. It contained a copy of that day's issue of the Geelong Advertiser, together with other j papers, and a scroll bearing the information regarding the erection of the residences for the poor of which the following is a copy ;- "To the glory of God, and for the benefit of the poor of Geelong in perpetuity—this first stone was laid by Elizabeth Phillips Austin, widow of the late Thomas Austin, Esq., of The Mansion, Barwon Park, Winchelsea, in the County of Grant, in the colony of Vic toria, of a group of buildings, entitled "The Elizabeth Cottage Homes", to be erected at her sole expense, on an allotment of ground at the corner of Yarra and Mundy streets containing 1 acre and 27 perches, granted for this purpose by the Governor-in- Council These buildings consist of twelve brick cot tages for the use of aged persons of the labor ing class, together with four larger ones for persons in reduced circumstances belonging to the more educated classes, space being left for buildings of either description to be added from time to time. The stone was laid on the birthday of the foundress, Saturday, August 14th, 1886, in the 50th, or Jubilee, Year of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, his Excellency Sir Henry B. Loch, K.C.M.G., being Governor of Victoria ; in the presence of His Worship William Sommers, Esq., Mayor of Geelong ; the Town Councillors ; the Hon. George Frederick Belcher, M.L.C; the Rev. Canon Goodman, M.A., and a number of ladies and gentlemen. Keown and Ebbels, Contractors; Joseph Watts, Architect; Alexander Hick, Mason." The Hon. Mr Belcher added that he had been requested by the architect (Mr Joseph Watts) to present to Mrs Austin, on his behalf, a silver trowel and a silver- mounted ebony mallet, which implements were to be used in laying the foundation stone, and to form mementoes of that day's event. He had much pleasure in making the presentation. The trowel bore the following inscription :—• I "Presented to Mrs Austin, of Barwon Park, on the occasion of her laying the first stone of the Elizabeth Cottage Homes, Geelong, on | the anniversary of her birthday, 14th August, 1886." The ceremony of laying the huge block of stone was then performed, Mrs Austin saying; "I have great pleasure inlaying the foundation stone of the group of cottages, to be erected for the use of the aged poor, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. I declare this stone to be well and truly laid." The assembled company having sung the hymn, commencing "Praise God from Whom all blessings flow," The mayor said, in addressing Mrs Austin, "Allow me, Mrs Austin, as mayor of the town, to thank you, on behalf of the towns people, for your handsome aud munificent ■ gift. The structure which will be erected j on the foundation stone you have just laid will be a lasting memorial of the goodness and kindness of heart which has prompted you to think of the aged poor and distressed. I hope—and I am sure I am speaking the sentiments of all present—that many years of health, and strength will be vouchsafed to you, so that you may have the pleasure of witnessing the comfort and happiness of the ' inmates of the cottages which are to be erected." Three cheers were given for Mrs Austin, and three for the mayor, after which the mayoress presented to Mrs Austin a magnificent bouquet of white flowers, and an adjournment was made to the neighboring schoolhouse. Here the mayor had provided for over 60 guests a light refreshment, which was served in Mrs Tannock's cus tomary excellent style, the ladies having provided for them a four o'clock tea of an appetising character. The mayor presided at the gathering, and stated that he had received apologies for the absence of the following invited guests :—Mr and Mrs J. B. Wilson, the Hon. J. H. Connor and Mrs Connor, Mr T. D. S. Heron, P.M., Cr. Wm. Bell and Mrs Bell, Cr. Geo. Martin and Mrs Martin. The toast of "Her Majesty Queen Victoria" having been enthu siastically honored, the mayor proposed the toast of "His Excellency Sir H. B. Loch and Lady Loch," and said that they were all pleased with the new Governor and his lady. He was sure they would have been pleased to have been present if they could have spared the time. They had identified themselves with every good work in the colony. The toast was received with cheers, after which The mayor said that he felt a little diffidence in proposing the toast of "The health of Mrs Austin," because he could not do full justice to it. It afforded him, however, very great pleasure in welcoming Mrs Austin to the town that day on the occasion of her commencing the good work of providing alms-houses for the aged poor whilst he occupied the position of mayor of the town. He trusted that he would be spared to see the completion of the buildings and be present at the formal opening, although he did not expect to then occupy any high and distinctive municipal position. Twenty seven years ago he remembered the name of the Austin family being identified with the early history of Geelong, and what had been done that day by Mrs Austin would further perpetuate the name for many years to come. The whole history of the town hinged upon a few names of people resident in the Western District, and the establishment of the Elizabeth Cottage Homes in their midst would be engraved in the hearts of the people of the town and district for very many years. He congratulated Mrs Austin on the site chosen for the buildings, as it was admirably adapted for the purposes. The inmates of the cottages wonld be within easy reach of all the institutions of the town, and close to places of public worship of various denominations. Besides that, Mrs Austin would he enabled to visit the cottages without fatigue to herself, as they would be within one minute's walk of a railway station on the line to Winchelsea. He was sure, too, that she would be a welcome visitor to the cottages. He was pleased that Mrs Austin had acceded to the suggestion made by Cr. Bell that the mayor of the town for the time being should be associated with the undertaking. It was an evidence that all matters would be well attended to. The mayor and councillors were associated with the hospital, fire brigade, technological school, Kardinia park committee of manage ment, free library, etc., which guaranteed that all interests would be suitably studied. In asking them to drink to the health of Mrs Austin, he desired to wish her many happy anniversaries of her birthday, and to wish her good health to continue in the noble and useful work. The toast was given with great enthusiasm. Mr Albert A. Austin stated that he had much pleasure in responding to the toast on behalf of his mother. He could assure the company that she would continue to take a great interest in the good work begun. Mrs Austin had been greatly pleased with the reception accorded to her. The Rev. Canon Goodman proposed "The health of the Mayor," and stated that he was under a great obligation to him for having had the opportunity of being one of the wheels within wheels which had brought about the selection of a site for the cottage homes. There had been some work attached to the subject, and very great assistance had been rendered by the Hon. G. F. Belcher, M.L C., and the Hon. Jas. Munro and Mr Chas. Andrews, M.LA., in inducing the Governor-in-Council to grant the site; The ceremony that day had been a very pleasant one, the foundation stone having been laid amid the cheers of the people, and the playing of enlivening selections of music by the St. Augustine's Orphanage band, followed by a decidedly hospitable afternoon luncheon. By the mayor's help, everything had gone on as merrily as a marriage bell. He could not help saying something about the subject which had brought them together that day. They knew that the poor would never be free from the land, and that they would always have the poor in Geelong, as well as in other places. But they had not such poor as those composing outcast London : there was not the same misery and squalor as was noticeable in London, and they had not foul smells in Geelong like those in the narrow courts of London. The streets of Geelong were not crowded by a poverty-stricken people like they saw in London, where thousands who got up in the morning did not know where they were going to get their breakfast and dinner. Still they had the misfortune of people getting old, and of women being de serted by their husbands. There were persons continually growing to ad vanced ages who had not where to lay their heads, and one could not do other wise than admire the very great deli cacy shown by Mrs Austin in providing homes for such of those persons who had been in better circumstances. There were none so much in need of help as those who could not dig, and to beg were ashamed. They were highly to be pitied when old age fell upon them and there was nothing before them but a pauper's grave. For having made an effort to meet that unfortunate class Mrs Austin was to be highly commended. It was an erroneous impression that Mrs Austin was a wealthy lady, for she had but limited means, and it redounded to her credit that she showed such deep sympathy for the poor. They read the other day of the Queen of England attending to lay the foundation stone of charitable institutions which were to cost £800 000, to be constructed from the profits arising from the sale of Holloway's pills, but what would the people think when they read that Mrs Austin not only laid the foundation stone of the Cottage Homes, but bore the whole cost of them out of money saved by a praiseworthy system of self-denial. Mrs Austin had saved money by walking, when she might have ridden in her carriage, aud had lived prudently instead of in luxury, and all that had been done for the purpose of enabling her to provide money for the poor. Mrs Austin could look back with thankfulness to God that she had been spared to continue her acts of self- denial, which had brought happiness to many homes, and comfort to many of the suffering poor. Dr. Pincott had pleasure in supporting the toast proposed by the Rev. Canon Good man,and he endorsed the sentiments. It was allowed for parsons to preach, but it was left for doctors to practice. It had been whispered that an honorary medical officer would be of great help to the Cottage Homes. He had much pleasure in tendering his services, and would be ready at all times to give his medical assistance to the in mates. They heard a great deal of the so called poor, but the public knew very little about the poor who were too ashamed to beg—persons whose, education aud former participation in better circumstances pre vented them from letting it be known. The mayor returned thanks for the toast, and said that he had never had such pleasure as he had had that day in taking part in such a laudable movement as that originated by Mrs Austin, and which had his fullest sympathy. He was quite sure that as the works progressed,and circumstances arose, the people of Geelong and district would be found willing to assist. He was pleased with what Mrs Austin had determined to do for the town, because she had done good for Melbourne by the establishment of a hospital for incurables. He had been informed that many persons who had been discharged from hospitals in the colony as incurables had received such valuable treatment and attend ance at the Hospital for Incurables that they had been happily restored to health and enabled to leave the institution. That fact alone was sufficient to make them feel the greatest sympathy with the present move ment, which promised lasting benefit to the poor of Geelong. Mrs Austin desired to say, before the company dispersed, that if the ladies of Geelong collected £500 by that day twelve months she would give a similar sum for endowing the cottages, with the view of having them kept in reprair. The Hon. G. F. Belcher stated that he would have great pleasure in heading the subscription list with £50. The St. Augustine's Orphanage band, which was stationed at the door of the schoolhouse, played the National Anthem, and the company dispersed. 