i MOUNT LYELL GOLDFIELDS I -The follbwingletter' which we received Wednesday from our correspondent' at ? Mt ; Lyell, will be read with interest :— '; ' ; I .'The /township pf Stfahari'is very prettily situatedat the 'head of 'Lbpg Bay,' corii- inariding '' an' extensive view ' pf. the harbour. ' '' i' , ' ' ??[??.- ? k-. ..,.??? ' .The principal buildings are ;Mf. Henry's stored ;which ,lias a tram-road running from a wharf irito'th'e store: Ve'ss|els drawing 9ft. . can come alongside/ .' The ' proprietor is a inqst' cpurtebu's arid, obliging .gentleman! affording every information inhis power. There are two hotels, that owned 'by Mr. Gaffuey beirig the best situated^ having reading and billard-rbbm, and affording good . acepmmodatipri ' at' very reasbnable prices'. The other is kept by Mr., Zeplin. Mf'.Bennetthas bboarding-housejand is also a boat-builder.; He has had long ac'q.uaint ance with Macquarie, having carried stores ?or Mr. Gould when surveying, hero. / j Leaving Strnhan by. the Goverriment foad , for Iiyhch's Creek . you have good walking for, ' about 7 miles. This is as far as the : road is formed, arid reflects1 great credit on the contractors for the mariner in whioh the work is dorie; From thence for the next five or six miles,' ghost of CoQsar ! you see life !' mud from the top of your boots to your knees. Then afew miles good walking,tKe remaining distance— ^niud. This '. brings you to the' King River reef ,'' distant from Strahan, 24 miles. I Arrived at the ' Kin^r Eiyer' reef we are very ' hospitably received by the genial riiariager, Mr. Marsh, who makes us wel-' come to a good tea, the evening passing very. pleasantly arid quickly in his coiri pariy. We then: turn in, have a good night's rest, breakfast next morning, and f efusing an invitation to' look over , the claim-in consequence of wishing to reach the Linda as early as possible',' we resume our jpurriey. ' ? , ?'.'/ / . , ' ' 1 ? From Lynch's Creek a tract is 'being cleared to tlie Linda!. This is now within about. two mile's^ th'e'scfub^only.bein'g' cut, tlie course|being' albrigsteepi siuiings will be useless until the road is fpfmedi even for men , carrying tuckef; and.the sooner this is ?'; finished the' sooner will Government have the blessirigs 'of the miners. For the, way men ha^e to carry/tucker is 'simplj'1 killing, work, arid 'it. is only a' (question of time .before ,'th'ey, knock' /up.' ; /'One' well known! .miner, bpth''here and \ on' the ' Pie- ' inari, .whom I met' with'/ the',' perspiration pouring 'off him, said,' '''Why,' bless you/ we are, all like old Jcoach horses, gone' in the knees arid.fetlbcksi' arid I1 don't doubt it!' j About a mile bri, tlie track/from' Lyncli's ypu .leave the road' 'for a' 'track, bri ' the left hand .'leading'/ to,' : the', valley of j, the Queen River, /grossing the Queen' twice/ ycm/cqnittience to fise'and liaye uphill 'till you reach the.nqw celebrated ' Iron Blow,' ' ibelpnging to Messrs!' 'Crotty and party. This ends a hard day's work, although the toad or track fbeingfpfiricipally a succes |sion! of ? mud : holes ? and . roots,1 over . and 'under logs ;1 this is ' bad -enoughion leeel !grbund- but rwh'dn it comes to.wind up with 'about 1100ft. of - a rise, -it is beyond ajokcj [especially i when' one has.tOipitch'his' camp: ahd.niake tea, the, more'iso', if 'raining hard land-matches are wet. :!. j ?:i,.- .-, f, :? , ? ,-. , ? Our liick is in 'finding, a; splendid camp ling ground. -. We pitch our, tents, arid' have: a fine feed provided by; iColei a' kind ? and hospitable- prospector; This - is the second I time I have -been indebted to his kindness when knocked mp. -i ;,--,, ', : . '; i '.Feathers- rather, hard; sticks- having a jnasty.habit of finding small of back; sleep ! well, for all that; .breakfast,? and, hurrah for the Iron':Blow!. 1 :?'? ? : We find-Messrs. Crotty and. Strong at 'th.eir--b.ut, who givo us hearty welcome, aridiwant.usito have something to eat and drink- of tea;: but.-iwe- refuse,-, boing too janxious to see the claim. I !. Proceeding with Messrs.' C and S. from 1 their; hut we at once come ; on their tace; 'where they followed the trail of gpldrup the ! hill; and which is now used as a tail-race. The claim is situate ona spur in a1 break 'between^ Mount. Owen; and.: Mount Lyell. W. of N. ' This is:the supposed line of reef —I1' say ??'? supposed ' because up 'to the present time_ it is impossible to form any opinion, of it. It simply : looks like an : immense quarry. ; Iamnot going, to give any doscriptibnlof . the formation for the isimple reason1! should:onlymake,a fool' of ! myself y- ? ,-asi - 1 ? ! never . before' .'saw, any thing like it. 'So. far as. one; can i, judge there must be several thousands of tons of. stuff ready for crushing, tlie- return from . which should be a fortuneito all, concerned. ? The face is about 30ft. wide, with no .walls, so it is impossible to arrive at the width, and as to depth, time ,alpne 'can prpye that. Sp far as the gold shows' it does /not matter where you tak,e' a; prospect you can ' get a good one! Gold.. is. also' visible' to the naked eye in nearly ' every part you look from the finest^peck to coarse gold— pieces ifp to'ldwt. hiivebeen obtained. . It is cer tainly/one bflthe'richest s.hows I have, ever seen. ' This is as true a- description 'as T can givo; but dSn't.let l anyone run' awaywith' the idea th'at allr claims here , are to turn out'Eldqradbs; ;,',Tliis is'the claim^ and- the nly orient present so ^ far as/ 1 know', and i' 'isjvist'as'iikcly to run'in 'oncdirection as; another, so far as proved at present. ' There are upwards of 60 claims applied fofi'or at any rate pegged, some N., some S;, others E.; others W., and four and five deep— such is the uncertainty as to what the course may be. ' 1 Two things here wo are greatly in want of, in fact it is quite necessary to have theui, namely, quicker communication with La\m ceston and Hobart. i At the present time a telegram sent from Launceston to Corinna catches fclio mail which leaves Corinna on Sunday morning, arrives at Strahan on following Tuesday evening, and is sent by special messenger ? to Ijinda; where it will arrive on Thursday. In order to reply a special must be sent from here to Corinna, which takes four days.' If a reply is sent by the mail man it will take one': week longer. The tele graph poles arid lines seem to bo in good order from Trial Harbour to Macquarie, leaving bnly a' distance as the crow flics of some 20 miles. ? Would; it be too groat a strain on the Government to connect theniP i To correspond by mail, a lotter leaving Launceston on Thursday will be in Strahan, the i following Tuesday night. j.. rum Qbraimu onere is no oiuuitiL lnau, ana we ara indebted to the kindness of Mr. Gaff ney, who is packing for the Messrs., Henry, for our letters ; also to Mr. Marsh, the manager: of ' the King River roof, who takeB charge of ' them on arrival. Wo then . have to walk 14 miles — seven each way — on the chance of letters arriving, through, mud and slush. . I believe the population here is about 90, nnd I hear there are several fresh arrivals ; - this being the case, I think a post-office should be established at once at Lynch's Creek. I believe I am right in saying the cost for conveyance would not exceed j»50 per annum. ; : Some excitement was caused here yester day morning by someone attempting to jump a portion of the reward claims on the ground of not being a proper distance from gold, but I- don't think, and I sincerely, hope, they have not a leg tostand on. j .It is. a. great pity junipers cannot bo punished if they fail to establish their ; claim, as. nine times out of ten they are wrong.. i!:-!1;,.-! -, ? . 1 ? ' ': 1 I hear, a splendid quartz specimen has- been obtained about half a mile front here. ,:,,;, '; The steamer. Wakefield has arrived, andl I shall expect to see a rush to-morrow. I Linda, August 29. ....-?,. 