IN THE COAST DISTRICT. By Our Travelling Reporter. TIARO TO MUNGARR. Tiaro, in one respect, is certainly unique. With a population of not more than COO it has no less than four churches, a new one having been opened by the Presbyterians during my advent there. It is a very tasteful little bulla- ng, and the manse adjoining is appropriateness itself. And all this cost only fooD The Anglican Church, St. Philip's, is a pretty little place, -the pastor of which, the Rev. O'. Allnutt, is, I believe, about to leave. Strange to Bay, although there are the inevitable temperance and Protestants halls, there is no school of arts or public reading room. This may be attended to when the little differences between the council and a portion of its ratepayers have been settled. The greatest building that Tiaro boasts of -at least, it doesn't boast now- isthesatv-imll, which has been standing idle for the past six or seven months, waiting for some capitalist wand to loosen it from its enchant- ment, In as informed that its capacity was quite equal to the mill at Gundiah, the engine and machinery being of the very best type, and that it was situated close to an enormous supply of the best hardwood. Its existence was an effort of chiefly local enterprise, which, to put it mildly, somewhat disappointed expectations It has since passed into the hands of four speculators, who, it is said, purchased it simply to sail again There was a rumour when I was there of a " party from Brisbane" having been to share with a view of arranging terms ; and nine I have left, a local paper announces a probability of a number of working men taking up the mill as a joint stock concern. If they are content to work hard, and to draw their vagaries in proportion to the earnings, Tiaro may -see her former prosperity return with all its faults She timber trade in the country districts is several leagues ahead of selection under the new Act at any rate, that is what the facts demonstrate. Tins? Budge, a low Ireland rather shaky structure, is the only one on the river up to Maryborough. I have elsewhere alluded to this source of possible trouble to the district, which in flood time sure to be submerged, and not improbably swept away like that unfortunate affair at Riva's Crossing, and a lea ture to affirm that if the nearly completed fine U> Kilkivan teas never finished, and that the magnificent bridge that crosses the Mary at DiçJiaijraiu was transported to Ktchell's Falls, there would not be one word of regret, but the congratulations should be very many and earnest And now I am on the subject of the river I may mention an important matter in connec- iiontberewitlj thAt has" emanated fromoneof the best known and best informed of the dwellers on the river. It is that as time goes on, as irrigation comes into fashion, and as the hills whence the river springs from become more and more treeless, there will be an absolute a necessity for " locking" the stream. There would be no insuperable difficulties in the way,, for the river is narrow, and shallow generally, and the rocks, once erected, would last a very ' long time, and their maintenance could easily be provided for by a toll. It will make the j inducements much greater to selectors on the wrong side of the river, who have to dray their produce all the way to Tiaro to get it to the nearest railway station. At the present somewhat Hibernian style of advancement in matters agricultural, such a project may well be called a dream of the future ; but it will come some day. The Mary district is a pretty enough sight just now, especially if you view it from the top of one of the river banks. As far as the eye can reach are the glistening roofs of the settlers' houses, and the patches of corn and lucerne are most agreably diversified by the sugar plantations which are just now in all the glory of fine array. Most of the houseshavetheirlittleflower garden in front, the aspect invariably facing the river and the verandas are rendered additionally cool and picturesque by wildvinea and clinging plants of varied flower, with here and there a rose bush in full bloom, to set off the darker background. It seems hard to believe that the place was "pioneered" only a genera- tion ago. Of these pioneers one of the most notable, and certainly one of the most successful, is Mr. Wilson, of Mavis Bank. A young Scotchman, strong both mentally and physically, he commenced here in 1866, and in the following year secured part of a shipload of the first kanakas that came into Maryborough. The wages paid them were much the same as now, but the work of clearing and of finding markets and means of transit thither were rather troublous at times. Sugar was the first speculation, but it soon collapsed under the combined influences of flood, frost, and rust, the land being under flood level. Then corn grow- ing was tried, and resulted successfully enough. Two crops a year could be obtained, and the unenlightened " boys " did not know sufficient of the wrongs of labour as against capital to try striking as soon as the reaping had fairly commenced. Under the present labour regime, which came in three and a-half years ago, the settlers were deprived of kanaka labour, and the semi- yearly crops changed to annual ones some of the larger landholders, in fact, experienced a shock they have not yet recovered from. There was nothing to complain of against these men in regard to the treatment of their kanakas and there were no Government hospitals in those days to deal with the surplus population. Humanitarian legislation is generally emotional to a degree, without being in the least degree logical; and the many planta- tions that have been deliberately ruined for the sake of gratifying a political cry may bear strong testimony in the coming judgment day of hopeless deficit. Mr Wilson took up his land, whichhaasince been subdivided into small farms, under the Land Act of that day, which allowed homestead areas of eighty acres of agricultural land or 160 acres of pastoral land to be taken up. Most of those who took up land on those terms have done well even the struggling selector unable to afford coolies or kanakas. The terms were such as to induce a man to do his very best, and there are stories current of some who worked half the night as well as all day in the first hard pioneer times, and of the women who nobly seconded their husbands' efforts. In reply to a question as to the possibility of accomplishing such things under the present Act, Mr. Wilson shook his head. " If I had to start again now," said he, " I would sooner go to America." One thing that may be of interest to our agricultural machinery houses is a complaint by Mr. Wilson as to the apparent impossibility of getting a good cornsheller., He showed me two-one a Maryborough males and one of the latest American manufacture. The first does not do its work perfectly, and leaves a ring or two of " pickles" to be afterwards taken off by hand, and the American, although made on a good principle, is far too fragile to stand the wear and tear of a 3 horse- power engine. Mr. Wilson said he knew of nothing in the market that could supply his want. intercommunication between the Mary River plantations is pleasantly suggestive to a stranger of the 16 puzzle, and as the high road runs back some three miles from the river, it is impossible to travel by it. It was necessary for me to get a guide, without whose help I should never have been able to navigate the interminable sliprails that always appeared to be cropping up, Finally, however, I got to Aurora plantation as the sun was setting, the night that followed being a particularly bitter one. The difference in the temperature between noon and midnight must have been not less than 40'. Early in the morning my host showed me the practical realisation of a problem that has been almost talked to death for the past twelve months that of irrigation. He has talked but little ; but he has studied much, both from books and from experiments. It may be said also, that as far as I am aware, he is the first bMCcessful irrigator on the Mary River. He has a total of ninety- five acres under crop, which have of late years suffered from drought. In August last he organised a plan of watering as much of his estate as possible, by pumping up from the river. It is utterly impossible for me to endeavour to give an idea of the complex system of trenches which were made while the cane was yet grow- ing ; but I certainly did see the trenches, and marked where the water had flowed in a them. There was another and much more definite proof. A space of half-an-acre situated on the bank of the river had been purposely left unirrigated in order that the results might be seen in each case. The cane on it was not 3ft. high when I saw it, and the Raphoe was hardly unencumbered by its outer " fleshings ;" and standing side by side just on the other side of the ridge, in short-was a magnificent crop of cane, overcast. high in many places, and looking as almost ready for the mill. It will be seen what a valuable practical result this has been to the originator, as the unirrigated cane will most probably be nipped off by the June frosts. To my mind, it seems a triumph of science over nature, and, moreover, that as long as the Mary continues to run the Aurora plantation will continue to grow and develop, notwithstanding all the freaks of the clerk of the weather. The water is raised by a Tangye pump (Cameron's patent), which sends up 12,000 gallons per hour, bringing the water up 75ft. The stream is discharged into a receptacle which stands at the corner of the irrigated cane. How that mighty mass of water is distributed, as I said before, I know not but I do know that the results are as surprising as they are satisfactory. Kanakas are employed on the Aurora planta- tion, from twenty to twenty-five, as the proprietor crushes for two or three neighbouring planters as well as for himself. The boys appeared to be thoroughly happy, and their quarters were cleaner than a good many Brisbane lodging-houses. The orders were given them in a quiet tone, and were invariably responded to cheerfully and willingly. ¡ poor kanaka has died on this plantation, and more serious case of illness has occurred for the past two years and what is more the labour Vessels report that there is always a rush to, get aboard the boat that trades for the "Aurora. Key, more, I was told that thevlra¡raBlra«,| in. utter defiance of. all Civilised jcustionM.-'.ef the, present day, will actually go garb of, their way 3 to protect their master,'air.o^erfyJro'rr?äim4ge.' There is a school adjadoh? Webbe ^RnTátibnjc the children ofwhiolv4iwfoJibjb-tyfto«crôsaThe, land if they..do«not suffered. Rith}the^cane. Once or twiôethe'wôùld^e juvenilc'deDreaaiofs* have been warned o«-tty^e''k»rlSkoB.*»M5? Hojfr attributed - the fact.; of «td^taortaiify'ib the. Mackay district to-the ep p]ay.és bt »tudyjitfj* the diet of their boys; 'and "to ârtowi&g;'ttlem"' to livelier years in the IknwChoùsesiï^wHiojV must, of course, ".' " "" . .«lttwr]«in time:. ; The,' kanakas houses and their deep are constantly' suit ted at AuforaV-'-'The^Mjiöfely climate' too,'.' is veTyiuahealtfayfoBe..i:'ih*''.-<7 f&<.:-i> , of The.mUUtando-in^eçrnaij.oWti oolanta tion and contains a Grip'. boiler front The, Vulcan' Foundry, within. crusfrirr-"^- Tobias Mr crushing outi6809gallan«.p fore Messrs isfa&'ottan^uÄUid, The joqrnev,J)jjcfo^to.jguDgar*-,¿s-oTvèry,' quiet one, and. the exception the.' meets. with" . there isscarcíb/e? ah,HJaríbñi?etíara6tér.-iSoirlor thirteen rj£cars>agftr,wheB the *ai2wag"«íKa3 as, yet in'-'- - -i-,.... . ... Messrs. '. extensive _ _ _ £10,000 to-í £12,000 SO r¿4am!hiforraed^.íSome idea of the capacity of the machineivfiuay be given when it' 13-^átc^lJidr ridging for the tiraber-shed--at*BiindmUlIwss' sent there -ikx 50ft..ileogthfc!jfïomir Mungari..-: <A±,*thB?lirn#^ assist at Sie- "store- were-- said to e average, 250 a jnonth.iEsAfaont ,Septerabery¡1882,tha¿i company.^whioJb batt, been gradually absorbed T in the care of a South Australian Mortgage ¡ Company, yielded up the ghost and with it departed the existence of Mungarr township. The company have put in a man at 30s. a week j to look after the place, and they have been looking for purchasers ever since. It is to be i hoped that they will see the advisableness of 1 taking a little less than they want to obtain as the machinery must continue to deteriorate , lying idle as it is. Messrs, Southerden and ! Christoe, of Maryborough, are the local agent for the company. I don't want to give them a gratuitous advertisement, it is only for the sake of poor comatose Mungarr, Three parts of the houses are empty, and on a moonlight night the workmen's dwellings on the hill above the mill look " uncanny" enough with never a light shining therefrom, or the sound of a human voice. There are eligible residences that have been to let for months and months, and which are looking sick of waiting any longer. And in the midst of all looms the great galvanised iron roof of the mill, over which a tall brick chimney stands, which has not smoked for many a long day. But there is a ray of hope for Mungarr. The surveying party for the Mungarr and Gayndah line came to the former place only a few days before I did. I went in search of their camp, but very nearly got bushed for my pains. But that line must con- sume a lot of timber there are about eighty miles of it altogether, and it is simply overflowing with hardwood. There is a silver mine at Didcot, which the line will pass, of which satisfactory reports are said to have been made by a Maryborough analyst, who examined the ore. The trial survey of the line was, I believe, made eighteen months ago, and Mr. North, who has lately had the Gympie and Caboolture survey in hand, has, I believe, just been appointed to the permanent survey of the Gayndah. But it is time for me to make another break. Voila tout. 