AN OLD STORY RE-TOLD. FISHER'S GHOST (By THE HON. W.H. SUTTOR, MLC) In tho year 18213 there lived at. Campbell- town two persona who had bucu transported to New South Wales. They were Frederick Fisher and George Worrall; they were friends and lived together. Fisher owned a farm and some stock. On tho night of June 17, Fisher was in Campbelltown, and left a public-house there in company with other persons. Some of these persons shortly afterwards came hack to the inn and asked for Fisher, stating that they wanted to get money from him to pur chase liquor. Fisher was never after seen alive. His is disappearance gave rise to much remark, as his friend Worrall told people that he had left the colony to escape a prosecu tion for forgery and had sailed in a ship tho name of which lie gave. Worrall further slated that Fisher had authorised liiin in writing to deal with his property, and he offered for sale a horse and some timber known to helong to tlie supposed absconder. The written authority was never produced, but. a document in reference to tlie horse was shown, and was at once seen tube a forgery by those who knew Fisher's signature. Worrall lust no time in going to Sydney to Mr. D. Cooper, to svhom Fisher was iu debt some £8J, and offered to pay Ibis debt provided the deeds oi Fisher's farm, held by Cooper as security, were given up to hiiu. This Cooper refused to do, and having questioned Worrall very closely about Fisher's disappearance, he suspected from Worrail's manner that Fisher had been made away with. Cooper had an intimate kuowlodgo of Fisher, and was satisfied in his own mind that he had no reason for leaving the colony. The ship, too, in which Worrall said Fisher had sailed was not known to have been in Bydncv Harbor. Cooper did not express his thoughts to Worrall but ho did so to another person, who told Worrall of Cooper's suspicions and ob served hi; agitation when so told. In Oc tober (four months after Fisher's disap pearance), the authorities thought- it necessary to take seme action. A reward was offered, and Constable George Lovland was instructed j to search for the body. He commenced Cue j search at a spot about fit) roils from Worrell's place. and where some blood was found sprinkled oil the raits of a fence. It was notion! that an j attempt had boon made to burn the fence at this spot, as though to destroy the Mood marks. Two aboriginals joined iu the search from this spot, and the party came to a watcriiole iu a creek. Gilbert, one of the blacks, went into the water, and scumming off something from the surface with a maize leaf, smelt and tasted it, ami said it was "white nam's fat." Led by the natives, they went to another crock 10 yards further, when oue of the blacks struck an iron rod into the ground in a marshy spot and culled out that there was something there. The place was dug, and the body of Fisher, very much decomposed, was found. An inquest was held, and a verdict of wilful murder was foiiud against some person or persons unknown. Worrall, a man named Laurence ami another, were apprehended. Worrall only was put upon his trial, and upon evidence wholly circumstan tial, was convicted and executed. Early on the morning of his execution he confessed to the late Rev. W. Cowper that ne had killed Fisher by misadventure ; that he and Fisher were driving a horse from out of a crop of wheat ; that he made a blow at the horse with a paling, and acci dentally hit Firiier and killed hitu. That, he became alarmed lest he should be accused of murder, hid the body flrst in the reeds, and then where it was afterwards found. Such is the story as told, without any embellishment or hint of supernatural agency, in the Sydney Gazette, the Monitor and the Australian of the first week iu February, 1 827. The Monitor contains some editorial comment, and remarks upon "the almost miraculous discovery four months after the murder had been committed." The words "almost mira culous," evidently referring only to the discovery after such a lapse of time. This story, which so far seems plain aud simple enough and not requiring much acumen to un ravel, became celebrated for the assert ton that a supernatural manifestation led to the discovery of the murderer. Tt in stated that a man named Farley, leaving Campbelltown one night with probably some grog on board, having parted from his boon com panions, returned to them, appearing in a frightened condition, with a statement that he had seen the ghost of Fisher at the slip- pauel lcadiug into the paddock at Fisher's house, and that the appearance pointed to the pad dock. The ghost was dressed in the ordinary everyday garments of tho period, in fact, in Fisher's clothes. There can he no doubt whatever that Fisher's body and clothes were at this very time under tho ground and rapidly becoming in a very decom posed and unpresentable and (with regard to the clothes especially) very rotten condition. If the ghost realty wore Fisher's clothes, one wonders how such an unsiibstantialitv could support their weight, unless, indeed (but this is too funny, or too dreadful, to contemplate), clothes — material clothes — may become sub limed and spiritualised and be invested with a future existence. (Fn this condition, will they wear out ?) But perhaps ghosts are able to wear clothes, t ouce nuw and heard the ghost of Hamlet's father iu very creaky boots ; I. cannot say that their noisiness added to the solemnity, ft is a consolation to know, at all events, that in spirit land decency at least is strictly preserved. But may we not seek for a rationalistic theory to account for this ghost. The ghost is not re ported to have been seen until four months had elapsed after tlie time of the murder. It did not appear until those who knew Fisher became perfectly satisfied that ho did not. leave tlie colony, ami that Worrail's statements about him must have been untruthful. It is proved that the night he was missed he left a public- house in company with several persons. None of these seem to have been called at the trial.. It is most likely that others then knew of, if indeed they did not participate in the murder. What had been done was probably known to a discoverer by Farley, and he then invented the whole story to ease his conscience of a burden too heavy to carry any longer. This gave a chic which, when followed up, led to the discovery of the hotiv. The neighbors, who were of the same c!a» with Fisher and Worrall were not likely to have been deceived by Worrail's lies. Thev were probably too loyal to one of their number to state openly what they knew. Tlie blood on the fence, the attempt to burn it out, most, probably was known to some of them. Other theories suggest themselves, hut I venture to think that the above is most likely to be the correct one. It has been suggested that the story of the ghost having been seen at all was a mythical growth of a later day. In contradic tion of this idea, I have the authority of a cor respondent who was intimately connected with the gentleman who had charge of the police in the district when the murder was done, to the effect that Farley's story did suggest the search for the body in tlie creek. But even so, this does not prove that Farley saw a ghost, Inn rather strengthens the solution given above. I am informed that the first time the story appeared in print, it was iu an ahnanuc published in the colony, ami was written by a Mr. Kerr, who at or about the time was a tutor in the family of Mr, Howe, of Glettlcc. It is shortly referred to in Mont gomery Martin's book on the colonics, published in 18115, He evidently had implicit faith in the ghost, and writes of "the discovery of t lie murder ns one of tho inscrutable dispensations of Providence." In "Tegg's Mont lily Annual" for March, 18M, tho story is told with much imaginative detail, and evidently for tlie pur pose of furnishing an interesting story rather than an ascertained matter of fact. The story has lately been issued in Lang's " Clover Criminals and their Schemes," re- published by an enterprising Sydney bookselling company under tho title of "Botany Bay." in this ver sion the locality and tho porsons therein men tioned were in no way connected with tlie real story of Fisher's murder. It is to he remarked that during the hearing of tho cane, tho man who is said to have seen tho ghost gave no oviden6e, nor is there any allusion whatever to anything supernatural having been supposed to bo manifested. It is also carious that the Macks should have led the party to tho spot where tho body was found. Tltoy tiro very observant, and most, likely had previously seen marks and indications that, now a clue was given, they had no difficulty in following up. 