PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Thursday, 3RD JDSB. REPLIES TO QUESTI 0X3. Mr. WBIXQN, in reply to Mr. Saxds. said ho would call tho attention of llio Minister of Ju.ii.icc to the complaint? mado about tbo delay ill conducting tbo business of tbo County Court at Kyncton, uud tbo iuconvcnicuce caused to the public. Mr. GILLIES, in Toplyto Sir. Camtu, said the Government bad no intention to bring m an Amending Pnblie Service Bill this session. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. Hall, stated that rille clubs bad up to April last been per mitted to purchaso an -unlimilcd quantity of ammunition at tbo reduced prico of 5s. per 100 rounds. A regulation bad since been passed limiting the quantity supplied at the reduced rale to 200 rounds por man. Any quantity purchased in excess bad to bo paid for at full rates. A memorandum on the subjuot from the Defence department pointed out that it was necessary to place some restrictions oil the sale «:f ammunition for two reasons; lirst, because of the cost, and second, on account of tbo low state of the available supply. Although a largo order bail been sent to England for ammuni tion, advices from the War department showed that the order could not be executed without do- lay. As the stock of ammunition was low it was thought advisable to restrict tho supply to riflo clubs. Information was now being col lected lroiu tlio rille olubs as to thoir require ments, and what they considered a fair supply. When Lliat information wus obtained, tho de partment would come to a decision. Mr. DOW, in reply to. -Mr. Lanc-don, said it would require au act of Parliament to givo effect to the wishes of tho hon. member, thnt rents now paid by occupiers of residence areas held under miuers' rights should be uo copied as part of the purchase money. There was nb immodiuto inteutiou to introduce such a bill. Mr. WALKER, in reply to Mr. Zox, stated- that lit'oboats and other requisite life- saving appliances ivero established on tiro coast apart l'rom lighthouses at Quoensclill, Portland, Bel fast Warrnambool and Port Albert. But it was impossible to kavo lifo boats stationed at every lighthouse, as a special crew to man the boats would bo wanting. Ho found, on in quiry, that there were no life-saving appliances St the lighthouses, nnd ho had given instruc tions to have that dofeot remedied. According to the existing Jaw, every ship was obliged to have boats according to her tonnage and passenger accommodation. Tho law in that respect was strictly enforced. In no part of tho world was greater precaution adopted than in Vic toria in respect to sea going vessels. Tho Otway light showed red one mile from shore. It was intended to provide all coast lights with It similar danger light. (Hear.) Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. Best, said tho question of extending tho suburban radius would bo dealt with on the commencement of tho ucxt financial year. Mi1. GILLIES, in reply to Dr. Quick, said bo had not received any oilioial information respecting tho proposal of tbo Canadian Govern ment to lay a eable from Vancouver's island to Australia, but ho had auked tho Agent-General for information. 3Ur. DOW. in reply to Mr. Graham, saul special enquiries were now being made with the view of ascertaining tho desirability of throwing some Murray lfivvr frontages open tor occupation as grazing land. The applica tions were numerous, but tho llrst considora- . tion was tho conservation of timber. Mr. GILLIES in reply to Mr. Laurexs, said that laud south o£ Arden-atreet, North Mel bourne, had been reserved for railway purposes, aud as soon as funds wcro provided tho land would bo utilised for tho object for which it was reserved. Sir. GILLIES, in reply to Dr. Quick, said ho had sont a telegram to the Agent-General, in .reply to Earl Granville's circular of 20th March, dealing with the immigration question. Some correspondence bad also passed as to sup plying the latest statistics about tbo colony. Tho telcgrum despatch was dated 12th May, and read as follows : — " You have correctly in formed Secretary of State for tho Colonics that in this oolony all Stuto aid immigration has been discontinued many years, and, so far as public opinion can bo gauged, is nut likely to lio resumed. With reference to tbo questions generally submitted by tho local Govern ment on the 24th March, this Government caunot accept nny responsibility with re- lorunco to emigrants. Glass of emigrants which for tho lust fow years havo boon most wanted are active, willing farm laborers and domestic servants. No doubt, these, sooner t bau any other, would be absorbed in popula tion of a busy colony, but any energetic young persons willing to put sbouidor to wliooi, not afraid of honust bard work, suro to succcud, although tho severe drought, from which colonies have boon suffering, affects considerably at present employmcntof labor." Mr. DOW, in reply to Mr. W. Col.t.ard Smith, said ho would lay tho papers in the case of James M'Loau, ex Grown lauds bailiff, on tho library table. Mr. NIAIAiO, in reply to Mr. W. M. Clark, said he was not awaro that any definito premise had been mado to extend Lliu Yan Yean mains to Bray brook. Tho practicu of tho department was first to lay pipes to tho most populous localities, and afterwards to districts giving a revenuo of C per cent, interest on tlio outlay. Mr. DEltHAM, in reply to Mr. W. Collaud SMrrn, promised to lay on the library table n return showing tho clocks in tho colony pro vided oitber wholly or in part at tho public expense. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. Graves, stated that tho Railway Commissioners had arranged to put on an additional train to run from lienulla to Molhourne at 2.20 p.m., and this would euablo mull matter jiostod at Enron, Violot Town, Avotiel and Longwood to reach Melbourno daily before live p.m. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. Bau.es, stated that the question of allowing tho naturalisation papers of an alion (not being a Chinese) to apply to nil tlio colonies would probably be dealt with by the Federal Council. Mr. WKIXON, in reply to Mr, G.uunxsr., Elated that the erection of a new eourthouso for Carlton was down on tho list of require ments for next year. Mr. NIMMO, in reply to Mr. TuimLL, stated that tho report of tlio "fire brigades committeo was now under tho cousideratiou of tho Go vernment. Mr. GILLIES, in roply to Mr. Higiibtt, stated that provision wus made in tho Aincud- ing Health Bill to prevent butleriiio from being cold as butter. Mr. GlLLlEf, in reply to Mr. Muxup, stated that the question of affording relief to tbo woollen factories aud other industries would bo considered in connection with tho linancial statement. Mr. DEP.IIAM, in reply to Mr. Axmutws, stated that when the papors on tho netv mail servieo came to hand tlio House would have every opportunity of discussing the mutter. Sir. MSAltsON, in reply to Mr. Toohey, . stated that ho hail that day received au intima tion to the uffoot that the rocommendatiou of tho Education department for tho removal of a teachor named Castles from tho Eliugamito school would be carried into effect. Mr. GILLIES, in reply to Mr. Buuuowits, stated that lie would make inquiries as to whether any of tbo money voted to assist wining companies would lapso, iu consequence t>f tho work doue not being sufficient to claim tho inonoy voted to caeli company. PAPERS. Tho following papers wcro laid on the tublo -of tho House : — Notico of proclamation under the Fisheries Act, Melbourne Harbor Trust returns 1S35, notice of alteration of Customs drawback regulations, aud import and export .shipping returns. MESSAGE. A message was received from his Excellency tho Governor, recommending tho appropria tion of a sum of mouey out of tho consolidated rovouuo for tho purpose of a hill to amend the Education Act. WATER RETICULATION. Mr. BENT drew the attention of the Minister of Public Works to the fact that, owing to tho lato dry season, the want of wator had boon severely felt in those suburbs of Melbourno where water pipes had not been laid down. At- Brighton the residents had time after time offered to guarantee 6 per cent, on the outlay, and somo of tho people actually went so far as to offer to lay tho pipes themselves, pro vided that when tho wator rate roaohod C per oont. the department would return tho money expended. Mr. NfMMO remarked that it was tho policy nf tho department to lirst supply the populous districts which were able to pay 6 per cent. In some cases syndicates having largo blocks of land sought to get pipes laid down so as to enhance tho value of the land when cut up into building allotments. Mr. MUNRO : Tho department has over and over again laid down pipes for that purpose. Mr. NIMMO : The department has never ilouo it since i have been there, nnd nover will. (Applaure.) I will do my best to meet tho legitimate claims of nil tho district. ADDRESS IN REPLY. Tho debate on the address iu reply to the Governor's speech was resumed by Air. C. SMITH, who stated that after listen ing carefully to tlio speeches of tho members for Normanby and Ballarat West ho failed to tee that any charge had been brought against either the administration or programme of tho Government. With regard to Mr. Sbiels, he, as well as tho other members, was deeply pained nt tho course that- member pursued during tho latter portion of his speech. (Applause.) Mr SHIELS : Why did Mr. Gillies behave frith such cold-blooded treachery to his friond jSz. Blaekett? _.Hr« SMITH remarked .that .the hon.-mmn- ber's speech seemed to proceed from a man who felt that ho was deeply wounded. Mr. SHIELS : Yes, and so is Mr. Blaekett, and tho whole constituency of Fitzroy. Mr. SMITH, continuing, stated that thero must be somo misunderstanding, otherwiso tho hon. member would not havo spoken as ho did. Mr. Gillies was bound to support his old colleague, Mr. Tucker, and also Mr. lieid, who had r.lways warmty supported tho Govcrnineut. (Applause.) Ho (Mr. C. Smith) came into tho breach on tho previous evening, but had no intention of ad dressing tho House on this occasion. He aid not BOO why the country's time was to bo wasted on a debate thiat could come to nothing, and on whioU no division would bo taken. Mr. BENT : now do yon know ? Mr. C. SMITH supported tho Ministry in every thing that was good, but if they failed to bring forward proper and good measures he would bo one of the very last members in the Houso to support thorn. Ho believed they would conduct the bnsiuess of the country iu a proper mnmicr. Mr. BA1LE3 said ho contested his recent election as a Liberal, nnd as 0110 who believed in tho Government being conducted on party lines, aud not on a system of coalition. He, however, reserved to himself tho right of supporting any measure which he considered would be conducive to the intorosts of the country, if it woro brought In by tho Coalition Government. Thero was a very considerable amount of words in tho Governor's speech, but very little suggestion of work. Thero wore only two subjects which were matters of great publio importance, namely, tbeirrigationscbemo — (Hear, hear,) — and tho conservation of State forests. Any useful scheme of irrigation would probably receive the support of members on both sides of tho House, for tho benefits which would result to tho country from such a system would be felt by all the inhabitants eithar directly or indirectly. Tho conservation of St, Ho forests was a matter that seriously affected tho ininiug industry of tho colony. It was becoming a serious matter now for mine ownere to find firewood to feed their furnace fires, and keep their machinery going. There would souu he no timber to do tho necessary mine work ; and unless vigorous measures wcro taken to conserve existing forests and planting new ones, tlio mining industry would he so crippled nnd hampered that it would oeaso to bo. He was surprised that there was no allu sion in the speech to tho intention of tho Ministry to introduco hills to amend acts passed last session, such as the Public Service Act, tbo Licensing Act, and tho Shops and Factories Aot. Ho though the Government should havo mot the house witn a member ready to act as Minister of Mines. (Hear, hear.) Ho understood, on good autho rity, that this portfolio was to go Into the other Chamber. (Cries of No, no, and hear, hear.) It was stated on tho best authority that it was to be so. . Mr. MUNRO : They havo most of the gold there now. (Laughter.) Mr. B A ILL 3 : The inconvenience caused by the Minister of Lands having to undertake tho dutios of Minister of Minos, in addition to his other arduous work, was very great. He quoted instances in support of his statement-. Ho would like to know positively whether or not the Government would introduco a hill to deal with thehoursof the miners, who now had to work underground eight aud a half hours daily. The prospecting vote wa3 very briefly touched on iu ttie Governor's speech. Ho would like a promise given that the Government would devise means for the proper distribution of the rote. He favored decentralisation, aud thought it bhonld bo girun effect to as far as the railway shops were concerned at least, at once. Mr. GORDON remarkod that, as represent ing a mining constituency, ho took groat interest in ail questions relating to mining. He was very glad to see such promin- euco given in His Excellency's speech to that industry, as it was something unusual. Tho miuers expected great things from tho present Ministry, and wonhl bo very greatly disappointed indeo I if the promises made were not carried out. It had beun fre quently said in this House that mining had been tho making of the colony, aud at tjio present time it was really the most prominent in dustry ill the colony. He had taken his scat behind the Ministry to give thorn loyal support, and would do so us long as tlicy wcro loyal to themselves, and loyal to tho colony — (Hear, hear) — but no lougor. Dr. QUICK thought that if there had been a Liberal Ministry iu oilico it would havo received a very strong and united sup port from a largo majority in the House. He had no complaint to make against the hon. gentlemen who sat on tho Treasury bonchcs, and any remarks be might make would be on public grounds and on firm and stroug convictions. Ho had always strivon to steer a strictly independent course. He thought that some more satisfactory information nB to the chango which had been made in tho Minis try should hare been givon to tho IIouso. As far as his recollection of constitutional govern ment i u this colony went, ho did net remember a chnuge of administration taking place under circumstances similar to" the change referred to iu tho first paragraph of llis Excellency's spoech. Only two constructions could bo put on that change. Either certain members of tho Government were desirous of feathering their nests by securing good salaries or tlioy were afraid to go to their constituents aud do- maud a verdict on the morits of thoir par ticular stewardship. He thought that Mr. Doakin had committed an error in throwing tho whole of llis great weight and ability iu lnvor of another coalition. Before the recommendation to form a second uoalition was adopted a strong and representa tive meeting of tho party ought to havo been called, uud there should hare been no limita tion as to tho hon. gentlemen who in times past were associated with that party and had (homo tho burden and heat of the day. It was quite possible, bad tho excluded gontlemou isen present, the decision might have' been against tbo coalition ; aud perhaps that was why they were excluded. Tho duty of the Ministry J as a Coalition Ministry, was not to have taken sides in the elections. If tho country had thou returned a sufficient number of Liberals, the Liberal party should have been allowed to tako office, nud if a sufficient number of Conservatives were elected the Con servatives should havo taken office, whilst if parties were sufficiently equally balanced tho present Ministry might have ruled. Mr. HARPER : Explaiu what a Conservative is. I think that you aud I are both Conserva tives. Dr. QUICK retorted that ho thought tho dis tinction botiveon members iu this House was not so easily obliterated as to be laughed down. He claimed that tlio result of the recent elections was, in spito of tho interference of the members of tbo Government, that a decided Liberal majority had been returned, and a Con stitutional member had admitted it last night. Ho could not join in tbo congratulatory refer ence which was inado to tho first meeting of the Federal Council in tho Governor's speech, and regretted that a great movement, and 0110 which ought to have led to tho cultivation of a national Australian settlement, should have re sulted in a miserabloyiuacu, and a contemptible phantom. Groat stress was laid at tbo time tbo Federal Council Bill was under discussion on tho necessity of the various colouies having representatives which should he, if not directly responsible to the taxpayers, answerable to thoir several Parliaments. It was not then anticipated that Ministers of tho Crown wonld bo appointed iu the contempla tion, if not tho deliberate intention, of goiug to the Federal Council to vote and act and than abdicate their positions and functions without returning to tho Parliament that unpointed them, to giro an account of tboir Dolitical stewardship. (Hear, hoar.) Ho could only de- Boribo such liou. gentlemen in tho language of a leading nrtielo iu Wis Age, as "mere birds of passage nnd political ghosts, having no real Had substantial existouce, so far us the present time is concerned. " Tlioy cleared out, ' bag and baggage." aud no one now represented them in the Parliament or tho country. The two gentle man ho referred to jumpod tbo position tor tho sako of the prestige attached to it, uud then shirked their duties and responsibilities. (Hoar, hoar.) The constitution of tho Federal Council was also unsatisfactory. (Hear, hear.) It was framed and based upon the nominee principle, uud was not of a sufficiently uomprchousivo character. Tho Federal Council, which had taken such a great deal of trouble to construot, had turned out, he was going to say, a mere parish vestry; and a great aud radical mistake wus being mado which might lead to the postpone ment of real federation indefinitely, Tho stato ment of tho Premier, in his speech to tlio electors of Rodney, that tho Administration would do all it could to extend and complete federation, so that Australia might havo a political life, was in itself au admission that thero was no aggregation of political life in the Federal Council. A great mistake was mado in trying to hurry up a small fabric instead of a proper constitution, framed upon tho Canadian model, in which the Federal Council, whether consisting of two Chambers or of one, would bo independent of loral poli tics, and based upon uatioqal representation. Coming to tho programme placed before them for tho present session, he could only repeat in oilier words that tho Government speech contained a maximum of words with a very small amount of substance, tie far us irrigation was concerned, no indica tion of any substantial character was given as to what tho action of the Government was likely to be. Ho should havo great ploasure in supporting a national scheme, and presumed that every member of the Opposition as well as of tho Government wus pledged to do the same. Mr. BROWN : Most of them are. Dr. QUICK: Tho Premier, in drawing tho drag nut through his constituency for the pur pose of eliciting support, had referred to many important questions which were entirely omitted from the Governor's speech. In tho first place ho told tho electors of Rodney that now appointments and promotions were to go by merit, and not by favor, and that the exist- ing service was not to suffer by any ehnngo in tho law. Could the hon. member" persist in that statement in tho face of the complsints that hud been made by tbo Public: Servieo Association ? If ho dirt, lie (Dr. Quick), as well ns most other hon. .members, bad been supplied with information by tho association which would show that r-uch was not tho case. In Ills speech tbo Premier very properly said that many burdens injuriously affecting tho fanning and mining industries might be re duced aud reinovoo, and that it would be the policy of tho Government- to remove anomalies in t-lie tariff, and yet there was not a single word on this important matter in the pro gramme. What indication was there in tbo programme also that, the Government intended to devote their energies and talents, such as they wcro, to obtain a national life for Australia, or that there would be a distri bution of tho prospecting vote more favor able to tho mining community ? Tho Pre mier made a bid for tho support of tho Libe ral party by saying that lie .would endeavor to place tho system of payment of members upon a firm and permanent basis, instead of a temporary measure which placed tho Ministry of the day at tho beginning of every Parliament in an improper position— (hear, hear) — by com pelling litem to hold out- to Iron, members tho threat that if they did not support a certain Government their salaries would bo in dan ger. Mr. GILLIES : Oh ! That's not true. Dr. Quick : Tlio question should certainly bo placed upon a permanent basis. Mr. DEAKIN : Who first proposed to do that? Dr. QUICK : Ho believed it was the Libe ral parly. What ho complained of was that there was no reference to this important question in tho Governor's speech. He hoped that now they had reformed the Upper Hottso there would no longer lie any distinction between the tv.o Houses, so that no member representing the Govcrnineut would ho able to say, ns ono of them did on a recent occasion, and that, with very had tasto, that one was a Babirieil House, and tho other, he was going to say, was not worth paying. Mr. GAUN.SON : One is patriotic aud tho other not. That's the idea. ' Dr. QUICK : He regretted that allusion had not boon mado in tho Governor's speech to two very important measnres, in forming tho House and tho country as to tho munnur in which they had boon brought into operation and to what extent they hail hocu satisfactory. He could only at tribute the want of any reference to tlio Licensing Act to tlio fact that tho Government were afraid to tackle it, aud afraid to submit recommenda tions in tho direction of amendments for which thrre had been very strong requests and arguments put forward. There were two features in tho act that demanded consideration. In tho first place thero was tho euormous aud increased expenso tho country v.'iis put to in maintaining the licensing courts, which travelled sometimes to distant parts of tho colony for the purpose absolutely of doing nothing, or of dealing with trivial cases, which could be dispose i of by local justices or po lice magistrates. Great injustice and hardship was also being occasioned by the clause which provided that besides the rooms rcqi ired for the use of tho licensee and hi3 family, thero should be six rooms for tho accommodation of tho public. In iiaudburst alouo upwards of 50 or GO houses would ho injuriously affected. This clause bad been brought into operation too suddenly. Tiio statutory accom modation in luauy" country districts was altogether unnecessary. Another question which should havo received somo men tion in tho Governor's speech was tho operation of the Publio Service Aot. Tho Government must bo aware of the dis satisfaction existing in tho public service, yet thoy bad mado no referenco to tho subject. It scorned that the Government was watting to trim its sails to cnlch the passing breeze. But the question of amending the Public Service Act would bavo to bo faced and tho sooner the bettor. Ho was not a particular friend of tho aot which was to liavo abolished political patronago but be asked was thero not such a thing us political patronage in oxistcnco at tho present time? Was there no public servieo patronage and no departmental patronage 't Tho system of promotion now established was described na automatic, but bo thought it autocratic. There were several matters to which lie would refer even at tho risk of bring blackguarded by a seclion of the press which was bolstering up the net. The first grievance of public servants which re quired an amendment was tho presorvance of rights and privileges which liad accrued before tho passing of tho net, Tho Pub lio -Service Association said tho board re fused to aoknowledgo these rights and privileges ; and declined to recognise the claims ol 4lh and 5th class officers. Those officers were entitled to tho increments which tbey would have secured under tho old system, whereas tho board dealt with them under tho now system. Tho Stato should keep to its bargain, which was that persons when joining tho service should, so long as they remained members of it, continue to receive tho incre ments which tlicy were entitlej to at tho time of entering the service. These rights hail been taken from them in a barefaced manner. Ho desired to call special attention to sections 18 and 35 of the act ns showing the enormous powers givon to tlio board, which was irre sponsible and without control. Tho board claimed cvou to be beyond tho infiucoco of tho Ministers. Section 18 gavo tho board power to fix tho amount of an officer's salary, so as to deprive him of all hope of promotion. It was contended that hoails of departments should havo something to say in tho matter or what valuo ought to bo placed on a man's work. The permanent head of a department must know more about tho valuo of work thau a per ambulating board. In tho matter of pro motion, tho Public Service Association usked that when vacancies occurred notice should be given so that those who con sidered themselves entitled to tho vacancy might send in an application. Another corn- plaint was that, ofilcers v.'ba bad entered the service recently should liavo the option oi in suring their life. Compulsory insurance forced somo officers to pay as much as A' -10 and £50 a year ont of their small salaries on an in surance policy. Tbo check should also ho put upon tho euormous power of the' board in classifying officers. A board of appeal should bo created. Tbo grossest injustice was done by tho classification of clerical aud non - clerical. If a young; fellow over 25 years of age, entered the servieo in tho non-clerical division, ho . was deprived lor nil timo from entering any of the higher branches oi tho BOrvice. There were several serious omissions in tho Governor's speech. lie re ferred particularly to amendment of the fiscal policy of tho country. (Hear.) This Mas a question that could not be ebirkud. As a representative of a mining constituency lio asked that the duty should be removed from rock borers nnd air compressors anil other patented machinery uffiich could not lie manufactured in tbo colony. Thoy only wanted duties where they were cal culated to proiuoto native industries. Messrs. Stewart and Koott, millers, of Sandhurst, in formed him that fiutod iron milling rollers could not be manufactured iu the colony, yet a duty of 25 per cent, was charged, lfo was in favor of decreasing tho duty and increasing it in order to afford greater assistance to tho woollen industry, llu would lioiv refer to soma rather inirions matters connected with the Lands department. Was it true, (is stated in The Age of tho 24th May, that the Minister oi Lands had entered into negotiations with the biouth Suburban Gas Company to givo purmissivo occupancy of 20 acres of land on tho south bank of the Ynrra, near Fisherman's Bend cutting. On the 23rd February a statement was mado in The Age that a new and important industry would shortly bo started in Victoria by an English firm, Messrs. Biclcford, Smith anil Co., fuse manufacturers, who had been granted by Mr. Tucker, tho then Miuieter of Lands, the occu pancy of 27 aores of land between Footscray and Braybrook. Messrs. Perry and Jluutor, fuse manufacturers in Sandhurst, naturally objected to au English firm being practically subsidised by tlio Government to compete against a purely native industry, established at groat cost and labor. Ho would like to know if tho present Minister of Lands wa3 going to ratify liis predecessor's action, which was a gross injustice, aud savored of political corrup tion. Mr. WHEELER, after referring to tho events which led up to tho formation of the Govern ment, stated that bo was astonished uc the member for Sandhurst (Dr. Quick) desiring to go back to tho party lines which caused such an amount of misery and disquietude before the lato Coalition Government was formed. Did tho hon. member want to bring hack the old state of l-hlngs Dr. QUICK : No, certainly not. Mr. LAURENS : What has brought South Australia to its present state? Mr. ANDERSON : Party lilies. Mr. LA URENS : Not of that kind. Mr. WHEELER said lie could thoroughly justify his autiuns during tlio past threo years und the nction of the coalition Ministry. They never had more useful measures passed than during the existence of the coalition Ministry, lie was not hound to support any Government. (Hear, hear.) Before lie would take any steps to turn tho present Ministry out of office lie must know something of the material of those who were to come in. Mr.W. MADDEN said that he had received the Governor's .speech with mixed, feelings, lie was satisfied at the prominence which had been given to irrigation, ami disappointed because tho question of- electoral reform had bf-qn omitted. Tbo electors oi North Uippsland, South tlippskmd, Moira and the Wiramera wcro very unjustly treated in regard to representation, as threo of those elec torates embraced in area one lmlf of the total area of the coleuy, and were only returning 7 members as compared with 70 who v.cro returned by the other halt oi Victoria. This was a monstrous absurdity. Mr. TUTHILL said that ho would not havo referred to the Governor's spoech had It not been for the remarks made by Mr. Sbiels the jprerioua evening, but he hod succeeded to tha seat of tho gentleman who was said to have been relegated to the magnificent obscurity of tho Supreme Court bench, but whom ho thought had received a. fitting reward tor bis good services to th country. (Hear, hear.) The manner in which tho last' Government shuffled out of office, anil in which the new Mini-dry wn3 formed were past- transactions, but he might be permitted to refer to tho iuct that he suffered as much from the late Ministry being dissolved on tho eve of a dissolution of Parliament ns Mr. Shirls had suffered, for he hail to contest first an election for Mr. KerfcnVs vacated seat and shortly after to ro-contest Iho scat at tho general election. No doubt Mr. Sbiels spoke under a strong feeling of political disappointment, and bis personal observations might therefore bo exensc-d : but although bo (Mr. Tutbiil) in his speeches before bis first' election snoke in the most scathing terms of tlio Ministry for putting the country, himself nnd bis friends to tiro unnecessary ex pense of that election, when the general election came round ho felt tho post should be buried, and addressed himself to other matters. (Cries of "Oh," from thu Oppo sition.) If he bnd bc-eu able to do that with the rant, he thought be might fairly ask his honorable friend (Mr. Sbiels) to do tho same. He did not think tiio House was called upon to deal with the past trammel ions of the late Go vernment or whet parsed in regard to the for mation of tlio netv one. The country was not- taken into tho confidence of tbo new Ministry as it should have been, it was clear— (hear, bt-nr)— but; rvbat I lie House ought to do now was to set to work and endeavor to do the best- tlicy could for tiio country. Ho waa sitting as au independent member, although lio was elected as a Liberal. Mr. M'INTYRE t 'This is tbo side for the Li berals. (Laughter.) -Mr. TUTHILL remarked that he had tho honor and pleasure of looking upon men whom ho knew to bo true nnd loyal Liberals, who woro on his side. Ho complimented Mr. M'Coll on bis late speech, as he bad shown biinseli an impartial critic, and ho waa proud to see it, bo- cause it waa an earnest that thu now members in tho House were not going to bo followers to bo led, or sheep to be driven. Mr. M'CoIl had told tho gentlemen ou the front Ministerial benched that thoy bail fallen short of his expectations. He (-Mr. Ttitblll) saw nothing vory magnificent about tho Ministerial proposals, considering they bad taken three months to consider thoiu. (Opposition cheers.) They had omitted ono or two important- measures which ho considered it, waa improper for thein to omit- A measure Co deal with the tiro brigades system on the evi- dencu taken by the commission appointed last year to investigate that system ought to have been proposed. Tbo fire brigades formed the nucleus of an excellent defonco corps, and the omission would very likely damp thenrdour of the volunteer brigades. Ho' would go so far as to say that tho volunteer brigadiers might receive civil servants' rtatu ill recognition of their merits, as they woro not receiving pay : he did not recommend that this flalue should be con ferred upon them, but their position shonld be considered by the Cabinet, and be hoped tho Ministry would not think it diclatiun on liis part, in suggesting that ovon at this late hour, tney ought to consider the matter. Intercolo nial free-trade ought also to havo been nion- lioned in tlio Governor's speech, and tho re moval of tlio stock tux. Mr. Gillies, speaking lit the Albnry banquet, when tho Victorian and Now South Wales railway systems had bcei connected, said that intercolonial free- trade must precede tho federation of the colo nies, and lie hoped Mr. Gillies, in succeeding Mr. Sorviee in the Federal Council, would do his best to brmg about intercolonial free- trade. Mr. SHIELS : Thoy havo dropped tho Tas mania!! treaty. Mr. TUTHILL said ho was glad to see that wan "squashed." (Laughter.) Intercolonial free-trado was wanted as a whole, not indi vidual treaties.' Another matter that was mentioned at nearly all the election meetings in tlio country was tho question of an ineoino or property tax, und it was not mentioned in the Governor's speech. He did not desire to discuss the propriety of imposing such a tax, but lie thought ns the country people were paying a Laud Tax, which was in reality a properly tax, tho Melbourno property owners ought also to bo taxed — especially as the country h -d to pay for a defence force to protect that property, for were it not for tbo ohatico of sucking Melbourne no foreign foo wonld come near Victoria. He wai sorry that- thi3 plank was not included iu tho platform of tlio Decentralisation League which recently waited on Mr. Gillies. Party lines ought not to be considered in discussing the fiscal policy of the country, iu removing the burden of taxation from tho consumer, and putting it on tbo propertied people of Melbourno ; the matter should be con sidered merely as a question of revenue. The Government must be awaro Unit there was considerable friction in tlio working of tha Pnb lie Service Act, and that friction increased by friction. Thoy should therefore have given somo promise of their intention to propose a measure of relief to the underpaid portion of tho service by and bv. (Hear, hear.) The House should never be satisfied until tbey bad siuglo electorates — (hear bear)— which though not mentioned in the Governor's epceoh, were 'referred to iii tho Premier's manifesto. Since the elections there bad been ample anil tangi ble evidence of the thorough ivorthlossuess of tho Licensing Act, particularly as regarded tlio local option clauses, and an amend ment was urgently demanded. (Hoar hoar.) Ho was surprised to find an entire omission of any reference to the Land Act. It was a dis grace to thu Statute Book. Was its policy liberal ? Mr. W. COLLARD SMITH: A confiscation policy. Mr. TUTIIILL : The effect of tho not was to throw the land into tho hands of large holders. It was utterly impassible for small farmers to tako up big tracts with the conditions imposed on their looses, the i«ittii|g up of expensive' fences, survey fees, &c.; The Mining on Private Property Act was also a failure so far pa its practicability was con cerned. A case which had arisen in his district and which was first commenced sonic eighteen months or two years ago, was still in its initia tory stages. Neverthefcs ho hoped tho present coalition Government would continue in oflico as long as the last, and to far as lio could ho would give ilium a hearty support, Mr. HARPEIt moved the adjournment of the debate. Mr. GAUNSON called attention to tho fact that they were again about to adjourn at teu o'clock, simply because the public wcro depen dent upon tho press for the reports of lion, member's spoecucs. Tho sooner they had a publio llamnnl tho hotter. Mr. GILLIES protested against such an early adjournment. Threo uights had already been taken up in debuting the Governor's speech. Mr. M'INTYRE remarked that if the Go vernment were so anxious to proceed with the business of the country they might havo called Parliament togothcr threo weeks ago. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BENT thought tho Government was not treating tlio Opposition fairly in not attempt ing to reply to the arguineuts urged against tbo Ministry and their proceedings. 'The hon. member (Dr. Quick) had taken tho troublo to prepare an able speech, and liis remarks de served au answer. Tbo Opposition was pre pared to go ou with the debate now, but be would like to say that tho Government had up to the present made no attempt to reply to any one of tho speakers. Did tho Government in tend to sit itinnb ? In fnot ho would advise tho Opposition not to say any mare— (Ministerial cheers)— not to take tho troublo — because llio charges already mado against tho Government had not been replied to. (Hear.) When tlio supporters of tho Government pointed out omission after omission from tho Governor's snoech, it was not much use for the Opposition to continue tbo attack, but if tbo Government was prepared to go on now with tho debate Ilia Opposition was also prepared. Mr. WKIXON said in amatterof this kind the Government was iu the hands of tho IIouso, if there was a wish to go oil wiih tho debute. Minis ters recognised that the speech of Dr. Quick required attention and consideration, and it would be fully answered front the 'Treasury beuchos. (An hon. mouther i When?) Many members on the Opposition benches had yet to give their views. (Oh.) What these views ivero the Government would vcrv much like to hear— (laughter)— and as soon as thoy had had the opportunity and pleasure to hear these views then the Opposition would liavo the plea sure of hearing the Government. (Hear and laughter.) Mr. PATTERSON was glad to hear the At-. torney-General say that there was to be debute in this Parliament. Thero could bo no debate when one side sat silently listen- in to the speeches of tlio uther side. The Opposition did not feci bitter enough to attack ike Government under tho eiretim- stauocs. (Hear.) The speeches of the members for Mu'.iduratig (Mr. M'Coll) aud Ovens (Mr. Tuthill) required a reply, because of the many omissions from tho Governor's speech which they drew attention to. lie waa sure that a speech iroin tho Treasury benches early in the night would have smoothed mutters over, and brought the debate to an end. But now that it was going over to next week no luan coulil say when it would end. But if a | prompt answer bad boon given' To the j speech of tlin hon. member for Norm an by wheu tho Houso mot — (Ob) — alt would liavo been well. The speech demanded an answer. It Mas wonderfully able, and although ' he did not agreo with somo personal reflcc- I lions, and which ho thought ought to have been oaiiiiod, it was, on the whole, a masterly deliverance. It was not until flint struck liint that wo saw lire. But who l tho Government sat quietly by it was impossible for tbo Opposition to rise to a pitch of indignation. (Laughter.) If the debate was to bo continued, then hon. members who took iho troublo to prepare speeches deserved un answer. It was iu that spirit that bo was willing the debuto shonld be carried over to another night. Mr. DEAKIN said the member for Brighton >.ad done the Government the honor to ask tbcm to furnish the Opposition with fresh material for speeches, as the career of the Ministry ami tha matters they bad laid before Parliament in the Governor's speech had already been ex hausted. There was no necessity for the mem ber? of tho Government to riso when tbey had such supporters. (Laughter and Ministerial cheers). Tbo Government did pot deBiro any s;ipporter3 wlm were not independent, and laid not tbo courage of their opinions. Tbo House was pretty Will aware that thu agreement upon the Ministerial side of tiio House v.a? sound, organic and underlined. (Oh.) 'Tin: differ ences in opinion which separated lion, member.? on that (Ministerial) side of tbo IIouso were ns nothing compared with the wide gulf which divided members in opposition. (Cheer? and ironical cheers.) Answer tho speech oi the hon. inumber for Normanby ! lie would bo sorry indeed if any member of tho Government did so. He trusted that speech would never be answered. (Oh, and cheers.) Tile speech was from tho first word to the last without weight and moderation, and wont from personal issue to personal issue, from scandal to nonsense, from invention to rumor, from rumor to guess work. nnd from guesswork to conjecture. (Cries of Oil, and cheers.) 1 id f. DOW : Can't you take your gruel Mr. DEAKIN: He would lio vory sorry to hear such a- speech answered. " It was not worthy of an answer In the House. The Government did not intend to ho drawn into a discussion, and if Ibi-y preferred to sit in tiipneo they did so taking tho responsi bility. By that nilenep they passed an elo quent judgment on what" had been said. (Laughter anil applause.) li any charge of a serious nature had been lovciied ngiiinst thu Government Ministers would not havo dared to remain silent. 'The spoech of the lion, member for Sandhurst (Dr. Quick") was a friendly ono and did not call tor a reply, nnd the. same could be said of I he other speeches made i.. hon. members on the Opposition side of tbo House. (Ob, oil, and diners.) Indeed, so friendly in character were they that the Govern ment could afford to sit and -hear them answered by the' gc-iitlemen behind them. (Laughter and cheers.) M:. MUNRO thought the Chief Secretary must be - trilling with tho House when lie said tho speeches mado on the Opposition sido of tho House referred to infinite nothingness, and slated tliut it was not tho duty of the Government to find material for speeches on any sido of tho House. He ventured to say tliorr speech contained nothing but a diarrhma of words. (Laughter.) The speeches made on his side of iho Houso were mado in tbo greatest friendliness towards the Government. (Oli and laughter.) There might have been some liveliness in tbo remarks of the lion, member for Normanby, but ho ap plied t-hcin to all side? of the Houso. Ho (Mr. Munro) ventured to say that if Mr. -M'Coll had risen on the Opposition instead of the Ministerial i-idcof the Houso lie could not havo brought- more serious charge? against the Government than thoao contained in his speech. And yet tlic Chief Secretary said there was nothing to answer. Mr. DEAKTN : Hear, licar. Mr. MUNRO asked if there was nothing in tho fact thnt after three months Incubation tho mountain bad brought forth such a miserable UlOUiD ? Mr. M'INTYRE : Nob oven an addled egg. (Laughter.) Mr. MUNRO considered it had not oven tho shadow of an ogg about it. If the <iovernm<?nl woro not nrcpared lo debate tho question tho timo would como when thoy would have to be told Iheirduty. tVpi>l:iuso.) Mr. M'LELLAIs expressed the opinion that up to Iho present moment the debate had been carried out in a very friendly manner, and that nothing had boon said by tho Opposition which called for a Ministerial reply. (OU! and ap plause.) Mr. "VV. COLLARD SMITH said that it was nob right thnt Ministers should sib on the benches like a lot of logs, and say nothing about the charges which thoy professed wcro not made against them. Not only had members on that side of the Houso brought charges against them, but members ou their sido of the House bad done so. (Hear, hear.) He re ferred to charged made agni'nst the Minister oi Lauds, who wa« not present when they woro made, though ho was in the precincts of Parliament. Mr. DOW : I was sent for. I was receiving a deputation at tho tirnu in a private room, and tho messenger couid not find uio ; or 3 should certainly havo corno into tho Hou«e. Mr. W. COLLARD SMITH said that tho Go vernment had shirked their public duty, and had not answered the charges brought against thorn. Ho had never heard a more masterly attack made on any Government than that mado by tho mover of the address in replj, Mr. GILLIES : If you aro satisfied so are we. As Hon. Mn.\u;Eit : But thero is uo debate. Mr. \V. COLLARD SMITH remarked that after two or threo nights' dumbness and silence the Government had succeeded in bringing out two or tliroo of their supporter.? to spoak. The motion was agreed to. ADJOURNMENT. At nine minutes to eleven o'clock tho IIouso adjourned fill half-past lour p.m. ou Tuesday. 