SUPREME COURT-CIVIL SITTINGS. (Before His Honor the Chief Justice and a Special Jury.) THURSDAY, MARCH 11. CRAIG V. FEENEY AND GIBNEY (PART HEARD.) The case for the plaintiff was continued. The Chief Justice on taking his seat, addres- sing the Attorney General, said: I have been looking at the Stamp Act with reference to that document to which you drew my atten- tion yesterday, as not being sufficiently stamped, and I see that had my attention been drawn to it at any time before it was admitted in evidence, it would have been in my power to admit it, subject to a fine vary- ing according to the time that elapsed since its execution. I am sorry my attention was not drawn to it at the time - it escaped the observation of the Registrar - but it is now in evidence, and I cannot reject it. The only course is for the authorities to recover the fine, as they may, according to the provisions of the Act. It is out of my power now to do anything in the matter, but had I known it in time I should have admitted the document upon payment of the fine due upon it. Mr. George Inkpen, proprietor of the Eastern Districts Chronicle, said he remem- bered meeting the defendant Feeney at Craig's hotel on the evening of June 11 (the date of the agreement in dispute). Feeney told him he had made up his mind to sell some of his property at Beverley to Mr. Craig. This was about half-past 8 o'clock in the evening. Feeney was then perfectly sober, and rational in his conversation. Heard Mr. Craig call him into the dining room to sign the agreement, and saw Mr. Kenneth Edwards go in, as a witness. To the Attorney General: I am positive this was before 9 o'clock in the evening, long before the hotel closed. There could be no mistake about that. (The plaintiff and Mr. Kenneth Edwards said it was after the hotel closed, that night.) Two or three more witnesses were ex- amined to show that Feeney had spoken to them of the agreement he had made with the plaintiff, and that be seemed to have been quite cognisant of the terms of the agreement, and that he was satisfied with his bargain. Mr. Moseley, the Registrar of Deeds, pro- duced the memorial of the registration of the agreement made between the plaintiff and Feeney, on June 11; and this closed the evi- dence for the plaintiff. The Attorney General submitted that the plaintiff ought to be nonsuited. This was an action for the specific performance of an agreement relating to land. There was a distinction between actions for damages for breach of an agreement, and actions for specific performance. As a rule in actions for specific performance of an agreement, the Court under the old rules of law, would not act upon equity principles if there was an adequate remedy at common law; and hence it was that in any suit for specific perform- ance one important question to ask was this,- ought not the party to have pursued his remedy at common law, rather than come to a court of equity. His Honor: Is there any distinction now between a court of law and a court of equity? The Attorney General said there was this distinction, that the Court now dealt with both subject matters, but it dealt with them on the same prin- ciples that each court dealt with the par- ticular subject before it formerly: that was to say, an action for damages was one remedy and an action for specific perform- ance was another. In a suit for specific per formance of a contract all the terms of a contract proved must appear in the contract which was sought to be enforced, and, unless all the material terms were there, the Court would not enforce the contract. Every agreement the specific performance of which was sought to be enforced must he certain, fair, and just, and proved in such a manner as the law required, other- wise the Court would not decree a specific performance. His Honor: Are not all the terms of the contract before the Court in this case? The Attorney General said they were be- fore the Court, but not as part of the con- tract sought to be enforced. There was one very important term which they had on the evidence of the plaintiff himself that was not mentioned in the contract - that the defend- ant Feeney in consideration of the plaintiff increasing the purchase money from £6500 to £6600 should go out of the cottage, which the plaintiff had told him he could reside in as long as he liked. Nor was there any re- ference made in the contract to the reduction in the rent which the plaintiff was to pay, in consideration of the purchase money being increased. Here, then, were two material terms which were not included in the contract now sought to be enforced. His Honor said that the condition as to Feeney turning out of the cottage was one of the usual covenants in agreements for the transfer of property; and, if there were any terms omitted which might be implied in law as part of the usual covenants, the Court would infer the existence of such terms. He thought the point taken as to the reduction of the rent not being mention- ed in the agreement was a more pertinent point. Mr. Burt suggested that as they had the jury in box they ought to take the verdict of the jury on the facts, leaving the points of law raised by the Attorney General for argu- ment hereafter. His Honor concurred. He should be very unwilling to nonsuit the plaintiff in this case, for it seemed to him a very proper case for a jury. He would take the jury's verdict on the facts, reserving leave for either side to move, hereafter. The Attorney General then proceeded to open the case for the defendants. He sub- mitted at once that it was not necessary for the defendants to show that an absolute fraud had been perpetrated in connection with the agreement between Craig and Feeney. It was not necessary for him to show even that the price agreed upon was grossly inadequate. It was for the party who came into Court to enforce the specific performance of the agreement to show that the agreement was certain, fair, and just in all its parts. It was not necessary that the defendant should prove that when he signed that agreement he was in a state of drunkenness, or that the price agreed upon was manifestly absurd, if the circumstances of the case, or a combina- tion of circumstances, went to show that these things and others of the same nature prevailed in such away as to make the agree- ment not one of those clear, good, well-under- stood and properly entered-into agreements which, as a rule, bound a man. It was the duty of the party who sought to induce the Court to say 'You shall carry out this agreement, and we shall set aside the conveyances of the property made by the defendant for the bene- fit of his children, - it was the duty of the plaintiff to satisfy the jury beyond all reason- able doubt upon all these points; and, if they came to the conclusion that he had not satis- fied them, or if there was a substantial doubt in their mind as to whether Feeney did volun- tarily and with, a full knowledge of the facts, and with all his senses about him, sign this agreement, it would be their duty, on that issue, to find for the defendant. There was one word he felt bound to say, and he was sorry to be obliged to say it, and that was, he thought that in opening the case for the plaintiff the learned counsel rather made an effort-or at any rate that was the effect of what he did say - to create a prejudice against one of the defendants in this case, Father Gibney. They were all at liberty to entertain what views they liked upon re- ligious matters,- some of them perhaps held very strong and clear views, others held rather vague views; but whether a man was a Protestant, or a Catholic, or a Jew or any other religion, he was perfectly justified in holding his own view; and he thought it was a pity that in his opening speech the learned counsel spoke of the deeds whereby the defendant Feeney Conveyed his property in trust to Father Gibney for the benefit of his children- a most reasonable thing for him to do, knowing that he was a drunken man and not to be trusted himself; he thought it was a pity that the learned counsel should have said what he did say, that Father Gibney and his brother had "snatch- ed" at these deeds - (Mr. BURT: Without in- quiry, I said.) The deeds were now before the Court, and he submitted that the learned counsel, when he stated that the effect of those deeds unless they were set aside would be that the property would go to the Roman Catholic Church, - he submitted that the learned counsel, when he said that, quite misinterpreted the deeds. No Court, and no individual reading those documents could say that the trusts were for the benefit of the Catholic Church. He would say this, and say it without fear of contradiction, that whatever might be their views as to the tenets of belief of the Roman Catholic Church, they found the priests of that church devot- ing themselves and going about doing good very often in a most remarkable manner, not only here but in other parts of the world: and when he found Father Gibney here - and Father Gibney's brother had also been men- tioned as having had something to do in the matter- held up as trying to "snatch" benefits for the Church, he felt bound to say that it was not so, and that no such construction could be placed upon the deeds. He thought they ought to be very glad to think, whatever they thought of the merits of this particular case, that they had men amongst them who were willing to take an interest in children who had a drunken father, in order to save that father's property for the benefit of his orphans. Mr. Burt, interposing, said he could not sit quiet when these unfaithful statements as to what he had said were being placed before the jury. Were he to do so, it might be thought perhaps that he admitted these alle- gations. He would say without fear of con- tradiction that what the Attorney General had said was utterly untrue; and he was sure His Honor would bear him out. He distinct- ly told the jury in his opening remarks that he did not doubt for a moment that Father Gibney was actuated by a laudable intention, and that his object was to devote this pro- perty for the benefit of Feeney's children, that he did everything that was proper, and that he thought he was doing a very meritorious action. What he did say was that Father Gibney had snatched these deeds without pro- per inquiry; and, when he referred to the Church benefiting by them, he referred to the resulting trusts, in the event of the death of Feeney's children; and, as a lawyer, he had no hesitation in saying that the deeds were open to the construction he put upon them in that respect. His Honor said that so far as he could see, the deeds were very clearly intended for the benefit of the children. He should imagine that Father Gibney was the last man in the world who would think that there was any- thing else behind. But there was certainly a question for lawyers as to what would be the resulting trusts, if all these children were to die; and he had no doubt that was what Mr. Burt alluded to. [Mr. BURT: Exactly.] At the same time the Attorney General, from his point of view, was quite justified in making his comments. Mr. Burt: But not in distorting what I said to the jury. I cast no reflections what- ever upon Father Gibney; my comments were directed at the manner in which the deeds were drawn up. The Attorney General was glad to hear that the learned counsel had no intention to reflect upon Father Gibney's action in the matter, and that he now disclaimed any such intention. Mr. Burt: I don't disclaim anything. I have nothing to disclaim. I never intended that my words should be so construed, nor were they fairly opon to such a construction. The Attorney General then proceeded to open the defendant's case, and to comment upon the plaintiff's action in the matter, which he characterised as (to say the least of it) suspicious - the strange time chosen for getting this drunken man Feeney to sign the agreement, 10 o'clock at night, closeted with the plaintiff in a room at his hotel where he had been drinking and spend- ing the evening; the opportune appearance of Mr. Kenneth Edwards on the scene as an attesting witness; the plaintiff taking care not to sign the agreement himself or commit himself to anything; the omission from the agreement of material points as affecting the interests of the defendant; and the in- adequate value of the consideration given for the property. John William Feeney, the defendant, was then called. He said he was now living on a little bit of income of his own, but that he formerly kept the Settlers' Arms at Beverley. Upon the death of his wife, some years ago, he contracted drunken habits, inconsequence of which he found he could not get a renewal of his license, and he made up his mind to let the public-house to a Mr. Simmonds, but he got so drunk that Mr. Simmonds, "being an upright man," would have nothing to do with him. Mr. Craig then spoke to him about it, and as he was going to lose his license, he agreed to lease the house and property to Mr. Craig. He had no recollec- tion of having any thing to say to Mr. Craig about selling the property, until May 27th (the date of the first agreement), when he saw Mr. Craig with Mr. Paterson at Bever- ley. Mr. Paterson was an "old acquaint- ance" of his - (Laughter.) He remembered having something to drink, but he remem- bered nothing afterwards. He was sober and sensible when he went in, but Craig asked him to have a drink, and he had one, followed by some more and the rest was - oblivion. Next day his daughter found a piece of paper in his pocket, which purported to be a draft agreement to sell some of the property to Mr. Craig. To the best of his recollection he had never seen this bit of paper before, nor was he aware that he had agreed to sell any land. The next he saw of Mr. Craig was at his hotel in York, on the evening of June 11. He remembered something about some papers that evening, but he had no idea what they were about until he was told about it next day. Could not say whether he was at the hotel at all that evening. His Honor: You must have been. There is your own signature, man. You don't mean to say it is your ghost's signature. Witness said he believed the signature was his. Sometimes he signed his name better when he was drunk than when he was sober. Next morning he found himself in some room at the back of the hotel. He had some hazy recollection of being asked to sign some papers, but he thought he had refused to do so. He could never, in his proper senses, have agreed to sell that property for £600, when he could have had double that for a portion of it. He must have been "speechless drunk" at the time, or, at any rate, "pretty well tight." He had been offered £200 an acre for one five-acre block before Mr. Craig wanted him to sell. He remembered going to Father Gibney, and going to Perth with his children to place them in the orphanage. He still kept drinking - on the sly, of course, not in front of Father Gibney. (Laughter). He borrowed £5 from Mr. Graig, on account of the rent, to defray his expenses to Perth. The Court at this stage adjourned until the following day. 