CHRISTMAS IN. FRANCE. It is in Brittany, where every staep of oil and gleam of water is legend-haunted, hat the veillees takein some districts a ort of epic character.. Thesunken cityin he bay of Douarnenez, the church chimes of which are heard on quiet days; the perilous "Bee du Raz," in which 1' who so steers not wisely is a dead man ;" the ghostly "Ile des Seine," the " Baie des Trepasses," where the spirits'of the un buried dead assemble in the night- time, clamouring with thin wailing for a passage to their homes, these would furnish tales enough of fear. The natural terror hang ing over these storm- beaten coasts, the ocean currents, reefs of sunken rocks, and. yast- immensity of sea, finds expression in ancient writers, Who place off " Finis terre" the mouth of hell, or see there the spot where Ulysses descended into. Hades,; propitiating the pale 'ghosts with'libations of blood. Iore there than in any province, also are evidences to be seen of Christian: faith :mingling with Pagan superstitions. The peasant will tell you it is the "Korrigans," the evil fairies who abhor the Blessed Virgin, who. built and live still in the moss- grown foun tains, so notable afeature of Brittany, and over which stand "shrines dedicated to saints, some ornamented with figures of the Apostles or with a' iiWeather-stained image of the Saviour and His mother. It is the "Pollicans," or 'dwiarfs;'who have built the dolmens that stand on solitary plains guarded by a Calvary in' grey stone. At all seasons the Bretons will speak to you of the marvellouiS-th.ir old people, if properly questioned, often prove them selves to be attractive as wonder books, but it is the beggars who tell the. best stories of all. They wander from place to place. At the veillees, in out-of-the-way villages remote from railways, some old women appear, ragged, like tattered Sibyls, and are treated by the country folk with somnething, of' the respect, and hospitality lavished in old times upon the minstrels. They have a- high time at Christmas.' "The nianner in' which 'they tell their weird stories, the monotonous chant growing vivid-and dramatic, the manner in which they are listened to, can leave no doubt in the smind -of spectators that these mysterious:: legends have so long possessed. the imaginBtion. of: the people that, they: have become to them realities. One of the stories in which the holly appears, which.is beautifully told by WMrs.~Iacquoid; in her book on Brattany; is that bf the . weird ferryman of' Carnoet, whol soeks to beguilethe livinig iitohiuboat, to row them over to the dis?i' sl'iords of he departed. Only themmoital:who holds "he- branch of the mystic holly,: cut at midnight and diiped into 'lioly water, can withstand the speotre, atfd bbnoiel'hiin -to release his freight.., Itf'ust:not be sup posed, however; that all the" legends clus tering around Christmas are of griichliar- ' actor; Beautiful things as well as terrible bappean Athat pight, In a countrywhere the : aboaiste holds, in the estimatiozi of the peaidantry,'a. place 'scarcely second to that of the village doctor, plants play a, large role in its folk lore. The flowers know 'Christmas, anid 'rejoice. ' As 'they shuddered on Good ,Friday, so they are glad at la Noel. 'The apple and cherry tree burst into blossom; the pink, the balm, the rose of- Jericho, the hellebore (known in France as the Christmas rose) come out in full bloom; the hawthorn, the rough branches of which formed the crown of thorns, flowers thickly. We have said that the mistletoe has no special honour paid to it in France at Christmas time. Yet here and there we come upon different versions of a legend. that wouldexplaisi the sanctity attached to it." It is said in Franche-Comte; and in : other wooded provinces, that when Adam lay dying, his son Seth went forth to find some remedy against death.- After long wanderings,- he came to Eden's gate, guarded by the angel of the flaming sword. To the heavenly. sentinel Seth expounded his reqpiest No remniedy existed for death, was the .reply; with sin it had entered intb,the world. In pity for the grief this ansfwer causd, the angel gave Sethabean, directingu'hini, before burying Adam; to . place itein.his mouth, promising' that out of his tomb'would grow the new tree of ..life. Seth, returning home, found his father dead, and fulfilled all the angel's; behests. In due time a goodly tree sprouted from Adam's grave. Of its wood a bridge was made the Deluge could not ,wash away-' of its wood, also, the Jews nmade the Saviour's cross. Here the legend sometimes ends; but occasionally there is added that the great tree withered .:and 'shrivelled after its wood had been used for the cross;' that covered with berries like. tears, rootless it hangs ,'be tween' Heaven and earth, a memorial of Divine love and of grief. Ignoring all traditions of Druidical 'worship,; this: is the 'genealogy of the mistletoe 'to be traced' in folk-lore. Birds do not play an important part in Christmas associa tions: The'robin redbreast, in France as in England, is the brave andmerciful bird which plsded the thorn fromthe Saviour's brow, and goes down to' hell, carrying drops of water in 'his' bill to'the poor lost souls tormented in thflanisi s. The robin, .therefore, finds a' place in the'legends' told at. Christmas-tide.' "In Franclie-Comte he seems particularly honiohitd, and no child would kill a robin theie:' We have en deavoured to give a'sketch of the place la Noel holds in the. veneration of the French peasantry-always intelligent and sometimes highly imaginative. Long in fluenced by a tradition-guarding Church, it is curious to study the evidences of the hold. the ancestral bsun-worship still has upon its fancies.. 'At two great periods -that of the summer and the winter solsticc-the believers in Baal held that their god waged specialwarwith the powers of darkness, and the earth was demon haunted, With both perio.ls came to the world a sense of victory and defeat, for the glory of the long midsummer day was clouded by the anticipation of lessening light, while there was triumph in tie sor row of the shortest days, heralding the sun's lengthening rays. Into this season of deepest gloom and hope thle Church placed the festival commemorating the advent upon the earth of its Light and Life. It was no longer the victory of thu visible sun, but that of the Sun of-Highlte ousness tlhe worldwas to hail. Andstill it happens that simple soels who, in the ex ultation of piety, nmight fancy as they traverse their fields on Christmas night, that they see and hear legions of ange's ' pass siiging overhead, yet tremble at t 0 thoght of the fell demons that hauut tihe e?rth ig that bIeIgi tsliQL-(4ce,'?,a 