A True Ghost Story. The following is a ghost story with much more foundation in fact than asuch yarns nsually possess : On the road loading from Egremont, Mass., U.S.A., to Mt. Everett, is a house which was once the home of a sea captain who was murdered by the insubordinate crow of his ship. After that event, on stormy nights, his wife and daughter neused to he disturbed by sounds of creaking cordage, flapping sailo, clanking chains, and other nautical sounds, which seemed to come from the garret. Above all the rest of the noise and turmoil, whoever was down stairs could hear angry voices, groans, and cries for help. A great many people used togather in the house on atormy nights to hear the unaccountable and alarnming racket in the garret, but no one over had enough cou rage to open the garret door and try to solve the mystery on ouch oceasions. At length the widow and her daughter abandoned the house, the windows and doors of which were then boarded up. All of this took place fifty years ago, and but few who have seen the ruined house know its sinagular history. A few days ago a Mrs. Melius, a grand-daughter of the old captain, living in Lowell, received a letter from a sailor from a South American port, who says that he was on the ship with her grandfather on the night when the latter was killed. He says that the captain wanted him to go to Egremont and tell his wife and daughter that he had been murdered, and that enough money was buried in one corner of the cellar to keep them in comfort all the rest of their lives. The sailor went to Egremont as he had promised, but resolved to have the money in the cellar for himself. By an ingenious arrangement of chains and other available material he originated and kept up the supposed supernatural tumult which had driven the captain's widow and her daughter from their home. He then made a successful search in the cellar for the money, which he took with him to Peru. Remorse and the probability of immediate death induced him to write this lotter of explanation to Mrs. Meliues. 