BOXING DAY AMUSEMENTS, A number of open-air amusements aro ad vertised for Boxing Day, when, it may be hoped, the weather will be moro settled than at present. The Jcnolnn Caves, of which so much has lately been heard, may no reached, oy taking train to Tarana, where a coach goes straight on to tho spot, or arrangements may lie mado to join a party nt tho Tourists' Bureau in Bridge-street. Two steamers, the Coonan- bara, with the N.V.A. Band on board, and the City of Grafton leave for the Hnwlces- bury itivcr, aud many yachting parties are privately announced for Broken Bay Chowder Bay, with its lingo dancing pavilion will be much frequented, and special steamers will also run »to Correy's Gardens aud to Fern Bay, l'arrumat-ta Jtiver. At the Association Ground the cricket match between Eleven Juniois of this colony aud Eleven of Victoria will engross public atten tion. The ThcatrcTtoyal pantomime will be "The Sleeping Beauty ; or, Mother Goose ami the Seven Champions of Christendom," when the principal parts will be played by Miss Emma Chambers, Miss Amy Ilorton, Miss PnttieBrown and Messrs. J. it. Grovilic, F. Dark and the Jtaynor Brothers. The harlequinade will be carried out by tlic Faust family, and gorgeous scenery and a graud transformation sceno are promised from the brushes of Messrs. Gordon and Hennings. Miss Minnie Palmer makes her long antici pated appearance at the Opera House ou Boxing Night, when her comedy company will be under tlic direction of Mr. John 11. llogcrs, and new and elaborate scenery by .Messrs. Grist and Little will be displayed. 'The Criterion Theatre opens with Messrs. Chussuigne and Faruie's new opera "Falka," and on this occasion the inaugural ceremony will be performed' by his Excellency 'the, Governor. Miss EmiUe Melville, Signor Verdi Mr. Edwin Kelly and Miss Coibourue-13aker with 51 r. Amies Boaumout make up the strength of the company, and a full orchestra will lie under tlic baton of Mr. W. II. Harrison. "Madelaine," the great temperance drama, . which has gained fame and popularity ns " Drink " and "The "Woman of the People," will be revived at the Gaiety Theatre, when Mr. AV. E. Sheridan, Mr. C. ii. Taylor and Miss Louise Davenport will be seen in new parts. Thu Jloyal Standard Theatre re-opens with tho pantomime "Dick WhiUingtou aud his Cat," from tho pen of Mr. Lance Lcntou, and with new scenery by Mr. Kinchcia. Miss Alice AVooldridge, Miss Sophie Harris, Mrs. Hurry Leston, Messrs. Lesion, Stoneham, Cuisar and others take part in the performance, and the stage has been enlarged in order to give full scope for a fine transformation scone. Tho har lequinade is being undertaken by tho Cottier family, assisted by Miss Lena Merrick as Columbine. A "Novel Black Pantomime" is annonnced at tlic Academy of Music, where the Federals will take a" Trip to the Moon." and disclose sundry queer characteristics of the inhabitants thereof. The parts are allotted as follows Plato, after wards Pantaloon, Mr. S. Kccnan ; Crosar and Clown, Mr. Moynham ; Copernicus Podgers, the AVitty-un aud Columhiuc, Mr. Bout; the Sleepless Beauties, Mossrs. Brahatu and Gall ; the Kats, afterwards the Sprites, Messrs. Wood ward Brothers ; Policeman, Mr. J. S.Porter; Good Fairy, Atr. K. Amery. The pautomimc will lie preceded by an olio of novelties. The Manly Aquarium is sure to prove a great attraction on Boxing Day, as return tickets with admission are now issued by the Manly S.S. Company at much reduced rates, whilst music, refreshments, and the novelty of the place aud of the seal-house will draw many to the spot. D'Arcy Head's extraordinary entertainment at the Old Masonic-hall, York-street, will be open to playgoers ou Boxing night, when the "Ghost", redivivus will doubtless attract visitors. 