NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. Cricket. Yachting. A matinee. Beach mad. Russia quieter. Public reception. Vale, Mr. Harris. Heavy rains north. Mr. Downer en route. An old S.A. Governor. Maltby and Rollinson. Sir Anthony Musgrave. Adelaides v. Norwoods. Warden Gee held a court. Fatal punch at Silverton. A £100,000 fire in London. Water wanted for Teetulpa. Sydney was en fête yesterday. Wheat from the Murray Flats. Mr. Howe was glad to get home. Victoria going in for a big show. Rabbits have got into Queensland. A10-oz. nugget—that is confirmed. Some of the Stores Commission back. Reception of Sir Robert Fowler to-day. A swarm of diggers came down last night. Think of 2½ inches of rain in 35 minutes! "Greater is he who is, than seemeth great." Our Mayor starting quickly to do the honors. Agricultural College examinations not con- cluded. The Sturt-street school had a social last evening. That engine and those bullocks made the dust fly. Jack Creswell has made a "hit" with the bicyclists. The Stores' Commission had a good time in Melbourne. The Anglican special mission has been inaugurated. Past and present pressmen farewelled Mr. T. W. Harris. The Australians made 475 against eighteen of Wellington. Victoria is taking away one of our most honored pressmen. Diggers must not blame any one but them- selves if they don't get gold. Did Punch's "What of the night" have the cooling effect upon the Bear? What an ovation for a man who can pull a boat a trifle faster than any one else. Victoria has only named 25 cricketers from which to select her intercolonial eleven. France and England are playing a see-saw game on the New Hebrides and Egyptian plank. "Willie" Campbell, the old Victorian cricketer, has been acquitted of the charge of stealing £1,952. Beech had speeches made about him by Lord Carrington, Hon. W. B. Dalley, and Sir Patrick Jennings. A train and some bullocks had a butting match yesterday in Victoria. Killed and wounded 13 bullocks and two men. Princess Louise has been advised to take a voyage to India for the benefit of her health, which is somewhat impaired by rheumatism. The great bath at Schevingen, in Southern Holland, and a spacious casino have been swept away by fire. The loss is estimated at £160,000. The popularity of cremation in Germany as a means of disposing of the dead is steadily increasing, and crematories are shortly to be erected at Hamburg, Darmstadt, and Zurich. A high hill in the vicinity of Chimapla, Mexico, was rent in twain a few weeks ago by some powerful force. The neighboring country heard subterranean reports, but there was no shock. Ex-Governor Foster, of Ohio, is president of a company recently organised to convey natural gas from Findlay to Toledo, a distance of 45 miles. The plan will cost l,250,000 dollars. Earl Brownlow issued a notice to the holders on his land in North Church that from the 30th September he would reduce the rents of his allotment gardens to 3d. per pole yearly, instead of 4d. as heretofore. Princess Beatrice is very fond of cruising about the Solent and in Southampton water, and it is understood that the Queen intends to purchase a small sailing yacht for her and Prince Henry of Battenburg. Charles Monckey, inventor of the Monckey wrench (ignorantly called the monkey wrench), is living in poverty in Brooklyn. He sold the patent for 2,000 dollars, and now millions are made annually out of the invention. At Halifax, recently, Mr. Herbert Booth and three other members of the Salvation Army were ordered to pay a penalty of £3 8s. for cruelly ill- treating a horse which was described as "lame, aged, and not fit for work." The London Standard hears that reports are being prepared showing that the patronage which would have been handed over to Parnell and his friends if the Home Rule Bill had passed would be worth £1,200,000 yearly. It is stated at Sofia, Bulgaria, that when Prince Alexander was still in power, Mr. Mackay, the American millionaire, offered to advance a large loan to the Bulgarian Govern- ment. Mr. Mackay denies that the report is true. Tom Haslam, a workman at Messrs. Cross and Winkworth's mill at Bolton, England, was ascending in the steam hoist when he slipped and was flattened against the ceiling of a room, causing injuries from which he suffered terribly before he died. Labouchere says: "I hear there are papers and correspondence at St. Petersburg, the pub- lication of which would show Russia to have been amply justified in the policy she adopted toward the Princelet whom she sent to Sofia seven years ago." Seventy-nine colored men participated in a competitive examination held near Paxton, Ill., under the provisions of the will of a colored man who was once a slave, and who devised this method of selecting annually three candi- dates whose expenses for a college course are defrayed. Recently a paper was read at the Sanitary Institute by Mr. James Mauseugh, in which he mentioned that the systematic drinking of hot water had been proved in America to be destructive of the appetite for alcohol, and he had himself heard of several cases in this country that confirmed this interesting fact. A bellman caused a great sensation the other day by crying throughout the streets of Skib- bereen:—"Let all persons be well aware that Roaring Water Bay regatta is boycotted, and no Nationalist is to go." A large crowd fol- lowed the bellman, some enjoying the novelty, others condemning the proclamation. Printed notices were posted up to the same effect. The railways of Great Britain carried last year 697,213,000 passengers, 183,776,000 tons of minerals, and 73,511,000 tons of merchandise. Of the passengers 603,762,117 travelled third class. The rolling stock consists of 15,193 locomotives, 33,568 passenger vehicles, and 854,153 goods waggons. Working expenses absorbed 53 per cent. of the gross receipts. The latest novelty is the melocipede. It is derived from two Greek words—melo (music) and pes (a foot). A melocipede is therefore a musical bicycle, so constructed that the rider, without any extra exertion beyond that neces- sary to propel his machine, can pedal out sonatas, waltzes, marches, and in fact any music which may suit his fancy as he wheels along. Tbe young King of Spain recently reviewed his troops for the first time. All the soldiers were in gala uniform, and Alfonso XIII., who appeared in the arms of his mother, the Qaeen Regent, was serenaded by the bands of his three regiments of Body Guards. All the dignitaries present preserved a serious coun- tenance, and the king was overcome with emotion, crying lustily. "Hamlet" was to be given at the Français (Paris) on September 28. Some of the authorities concerned in the preparation of the mise-en-scéne held that the apparition should throw a lurid light on the Prince of Denmark, itself remaining in semi-darkness. Others de- clared for an illuminated ghost. The fencing- master, Vigeant, arranged the duel scene in accordance with the traditions of the sixteenth century, and the First Gravedigger was to sing a song written by Dumas the younger, and composed by Ambroise Thomas. The Kyrle choir is one of the branches of the Kyrle Society, whose object is in various ways to brighten the lives of the London poor. It is a choir of ladies and gentlemen, who meet for practice once a week, and give their services for the performance of good music to audiences in the poorest and sometimes the lowest dis- tricts: indeed, wherever they may be invited. There are always three times as many concerts applied for as can be given, and the audiences crowd every corner of the church, chapel, or hall, listening to the very last note without sign of weariness or wish to be elsewhere. Many professional singers generously give their ser- vices. Members pay for their own music and defray their own travelling expenses. 