THE IRISH DIFFICULTY. To the Editor of the Advoca te. SIB,—The so-called " Irish Difficulty," i-S now a standing dish with the political gossips and newspaper scribes. The words "Irish Difficulty," head the column'of London cablegrams day after day. These words baunt the pages of the Melbourne papers as ghosts are said to haunt old castles. But there is more than this. The Irish difficulty may be compared to the picture of a skull and crossbones continually before the ey£B of that highly, superior, and wealthy mortal called John. Bnll, to remind him of the vanitieB and uncertainties of the political world, and particularly of the vanities and failures of his rule in that portion of her MajeMy'B dominions called Ireland. If mortal being or ivy-clad ruin were evsr haunted by ghosts or troubled spirits, John Bull may well be p!«oed on the list of persecuted mortals or goblin-stricken castles. Yes; that "Irish Difficulty" is ever before his eyes, bringing to the worthy old gentleman many perplexities and annoyances, and causing him to be regarded aB no better than a failure, so far as the Irish business is concerned in the minds of the people of the civilised world. There is a homely saying, but nevertheless a logical one, that the proof of the pudding was in the eating of it. If this rule be applied to John Bull's management of Irkh business, pay only for the last 85 years, what can be the verdict? Eighty-five years is certainly a period of time long enough to prove any management or system; and if the Irish people are now so ardent and determined in atking for the management of their own national and public affairs, it seems as if they regard English rule in Ireland as a failure, and altogether unsuitable to the requirements of the country and to the ideas and habits of tbe Celtic race. Why is Ireland discontented ? Because she has been so long under English ruU. But. John Bull in London is not the only sturdy Briton who has that provoking and tantalising Irish difficulty ever before his eyes. A number of the sturdy Englishmenom- Scotchmen (they are all English in their anti-Irish sentiments), who are the proprietors and editorial writers of tbe Melbourne daily papers, are haunted by this Irish ghost; and some of these editorial scribes rave and rant ov.- r the Irish question in a way that must prove consoling and amusing to all true sons of the Emerald Isle. Now, there is that "certain journal of Collica- strpet," as the Radical organ calls the Argus. Well, the Argus aspires to be called the leading journal of the colony, and consequently it enters fully into all the sensational or burning questions of the honr. It has daily messages per cable from its " own correspondent" in London, and also a fortnightly letter, going into all important politioal topics at full length. Tbe Argus, for this day, has a long letter from its London correspondent, dated 12th February. This letter is mostly two columns and a half in length, and the Irish question occupies nearly half that spaoo; and that speaks well for tbe " uncrowned king" and his merry men. It seems there are good times in store fcr Paddy, and it is to be hoped he will feel duly thankful to John Bull. A certain part of' tbe human body is called the seat of honour. Of course, there are other names for it also, but this is a genteel way of representing it. Now, we are informed that Pat will shortly be made to feel a certain amount of warmth in the region of his seat of honour. So far so good; tut unfortunately the pleasisg sensation of warmth is succeeded by one of pain and sore- ness, lasting for a few days, so that, the whole, the balance of evidence^ is ratber againsttheoperation. There is nothing like leather, as the man said at one time, and so John Bull thinks now, as he is going to make a vigorous application of the toe of his boots to the back-seam of Patrick's trousers. Oh! my gracious! but won't it be great fun, and won't there be on outburst of strong language and powerful adjectives on the part of poor Paddy? But he is used to get more political kicks than ha'pence, the craytur, from his big gormandising brother across the English channel. As this pleasing little incident will yet make a stir in the politioal world, it iB better to give the exact words of the London correspondent of tbe Argus. After referring to some Irish matters, the correspondent says:— " Here I may mention briefly the declaration of two eminent men on the Irish question. Mr. Froude, the historian, in a letter to his Ulster friends—for the author of 'The English is Ireland' must have thousands of friends—gives it as hiB opinion that English public opinion is not yet awakened, and, farther, that in a very short time John Bull will put on bis boots and kick the Irish, as he he did ia the days following the year 1645, and also after the Revolution. This meanB, if words mean anything, that events are.rapidiy running to a farther English oonquest of Ireland. Mr. Goldwin Smith i* net lees emphatic In a long letter to tbe Toronto Globe he declares that Ireland has no grievance, and that if England had any government worthy of the name, the law would soon be asserted, and rebellion put down; and this, tod, from a man who has professed an entbnswstio admiration -for Me. Gladstone.; Mc.jFeeierip Harrison:ia a Radical of another port, and in hia view nothing short of,an yIri#h Parliament in College Green, would conform with justice to Ireland." Justice to Ireland enah ? Yes, when English publio opinion wakes up out of its present dormant state, and when J. B. puts on his boots and gives the wild Irishry a good, honest, hearty kicking. After this, •what need is there of continuing the Soma Rule agitation any longer ? Cannot the Irish people see that they have a highly superior race of most excellent Christians to rule over them, to manage their affairs, and to protect them from all dangers and annoyances—from domestic traitors, and from foreign enemies ? A good kicking, indeed! Yes, after the manner in which the Czir has been kicked out of Central Asia back to his own side of the Caspian Sea; and also after the fashion of the many hearty fits of kicking bestowed on the seat of honour of the Man of Blood and Iron, driving him from one island of the tropical seBB to another, and finally to a certain very tropical region, where one of his own countrymen reigns supreme, under the familiar title of Old Niok. Theee islands of the Austral seas belong to us, and to our children, and to oar children's children (for BO says our Own Argus), and the plundering and intruding Bismarck was kioked sky-high out of them by the big toe of the mighty boot worn by that superior, and patriotic, and highspirited personage called John Bull, and now he is going to give Pat a kicking also. Now, it is to be hoped that Pat will feel highly honoured at being kicked in Buch genteel society, and that he will take his warning with all due humility and resignation. The Czar and Prince Bismarck count among the "hoight of the quolloty" of Europe, and "be. gorra it is a foiue thing entirely" for Paddy to be kioked along the back seam of his Bo- andso in Buch grand company. There are several good and logical reasons against the people of Irelnnd continuing any longer under English Parliamentary rule. One is that each EagJish statesman, philosopher, historian, professor, newspaper scribe, &o;,, &e.;, has his own pet theory for the coijquest, the pacification, the improvement of Ireland—the settlement of the Irish difficulty. flfr. Froude, the historian, calls upon John Bull to wake up, to pull on his big boots, and to kick the Hnrroo Pats, as they were kicked in the days of Cromwell and good Queen BeeF, whilst Mr. Fred. Harrison recommends that they be allowed their own Parliament to manage their own affairs. Perhaps Mr. Harrison's plan would prove the best for all parties concerned in the long run—at least better than the kicking arrangement any day. The Irish difficulty indeed! Yes, and Mr. Gladstone's difficulty it is also these days. The poor old gentleman is not sleeping on » bed of roses these nights, since Joe and Otto have taken the bit between their teetb, and are inclined to upset the State coaoh and to bury the Grand Old Man beneath the ruins. It is oertainly very naughty of Messrs. Chamberlain and Trevelyan, for these gentlemen could not be ignorant of Mr. Gladstone's sentiments and intentions with regard to the Irish question when they took office in hiB Ministry a few weeks Bince. This Irish ghost will haunt Mr. Gladstone for some time longer. He is in office but a few weeks, and already it ha; caused a split in his Cabinet. The cablegrams in this day's Argus are by no means consoling to Mr. Gladstone. Evidently he finds a little difficulty in keeping his Ministerial team together under the scare occasioned by the sight of this death's head and oross-bones—the Irish diffioulty. John Bull had better be quick. Let him wake up, put on his hoots, and kick the Irish difficulty out of his way, for it is occasioning a great waste of Parliamentary time, and that is' a commodity the British Empire, with all its wants, and demands, and requirements, cannot afford to waste. If time is money to anv man under the sun, it is to John Bull. Se has too large an empire, and too much weighty and important business to transaot, to spend his time wrangling with his neighbour, Pat, and indulging in the pastime of giving him a good kicking after the fashion of the good old times of Cromwell and Queen Elizabeth. Why not give Mr. Harrison's plan a trial—eay for twenty years? It could then be seen if the Irish people themselves could solve the Irish difficulty.—I am, sir, Yours, eto, Eakon. 22nd March. Justin M'Cabthy, M.P., Mr. P&rnell;'s -chief lieutenant, in a cable letter to New York, Bays :—"Gladstone is full of hope and confidence in his power to settle the Irish Question. This has been strengthened by the -election of Mr. Childers at Edinburgh. Mr. Ohilders is a decided Home Ruler, and has advocated Home Bule in many of his public speeches. Mr. John Morley, who ig certain to have a seat in the Cabinet, is aieo a Home Ruler, and is quite prepared to concede the -demands of the Irish party. J. J. O'Kelit, M.P., in a cable letter, writes as follows :—" The Tories are sad. Their plotting has brought them disastrous •defeat. Their Whig slues failed them, and the Queen failed them, for she did not send for Lord Hartington. Her Majesty hates Mr. Gladstone, and would like to send Mr. Parnell to the Tower; but she is anxious -the Prince of should have a throne to -sit on, and, therefore, 'her Majesty gent for -the wood-chopper of Ha war den." " The Sultan of Turkey has just engaged two German ftpot&eoarieswho; ore to devote themselves entirely to the service of hiB Court. Tier are provided with free board and lodging In the palace, several servants are placed at their disposal, and (hey will receive salaries of £1000 a year eaoh. 