A TOUGH STORY. A vkky tough story, which is vouched for after a fashion, is going the rounds and given for what it is worth. It is related that a Air. S. AI. was sitting in his backyard talking to some friends, when his attention was called to a hen with a brood of young chickens and a large rat that had emerged from his hole and was quietly regarding the young chickens with the prospect of a meal in view. As the rat came from his hole the house cat awoke from her afternoon nap and caught sight of the rat. Crouching low she waited 'develop ments, and stood prepared to spring upon his ratsliip. At the appearance of his ancient- enemy, the cat, a Scotch terrier, wlilc-h had been sunning itself in tlie woolshed, pricked up its ears, and quietly made for the place where the cat stood.. At this moment a boy- came upon the scene. The chickens were not cognizant of being watched by the rat, nor di<l the rat- see the cat, nor the feline the dog, who had not noticed the coining of the boy. A little cliick wandered too nigh and was seized by the rat, which was in turn pounced upon by the cat, and the cat was caught in the month of the dog. The rat would not cease its hold 011 the chicken, and the cat, in spite of the shaking lie was gelling from the dog, did not let go tlie rat. It was fun for the boy, and in higli glee lie watched the contest and the struggle of each . of the victims. It seemed to him that the stone he hurled at them was bound to hit- the rodent. The aim was bad, tlie stone struck the dog right between the eyes. The tcirier released its grip on tlie cat and fell over dead. It had breathed its last before tlie cat in turn let go tlie rat, and turned over and died, The rat did not long survive tlie enemy, and beside the already dead chicken, he laid himself down and gave np the ghost. Tlie owner of tlie dog was so angry at its death that lie is said to have come near making tlie story- complete by killing the boy that killed the dog that shook the cat that caught the rat that bit the chicken 111 the yard 111 street, — San Francisco l'ost. 