An English Gliost Story. Lady Hoby ia ORain.said to be haunting Bia ham Abbey, ond ia causing no littlo sensa tion. Showaatbo wile of the EriRliab. am- ^ baasador to tho 'Court of France in IflGG. The abbey is the most hisioria religious bouee in Berkshire, and in one of the apartments is a ' peculiar painting- representing tho lady_ with a very white face nnd hands, dressed in the coif, weedii, aud .wirapls then Rllowed to a baronet's lady. In tliia identical dre?g, it ia vnostBtrongly averred, she h3B been frequently . seen in ono oi the bedrooma ot the Abbey, with a aelf-aapportiag basin moving befora her, in which ehe in perpetually trying to wash her hands, hut tho most remarkable part of -{he story i3 that the Go-called apparition al wayo appears in the negative, viz., tho blaok part white and the white part blaok. Tho atory, as now told by the domcstioB and vil lagers, is that ohe beat her son William to death bec-JUM ho could not write without making blots, and a angular part of the tale J3 that a short time ago, in altering the shut ters of the dining-room, a great number of children's oopy-booka ot the time of Queen Elizabeth wero discovered pushed between tho joists of the floor, some of which answered exactly to tba tala B3 if tho child oould not write a fingle-lino without making a Wot. Neither the domestics at tho Abbey nor the adjaeent villagers will hear ono word against the narrative.— -London Letter in the Phila delphia Telegraph. 'Iwisnto know the amount of lumber re eoived at this port annually, from the north,' said Djaoon 1'itoh, walkiug up and down tha sanctum with hia eyc3 on tho carpet. ' I wonder who.m I had better apply to Jor tho figures.' 'That's an easy one,' said Sir. JJpion,1 smiling good-humoredly ai-hiS-'Bhiof's over Bight of aa.obv)JKi3'-85'uroe o£ information. '-' SilaiHTring for the commeroial editor ? ' ' Oh no, no,' tho Dercon exclaimed, mo tioning hia obliging subordinate to keep his neat : ' It ian't for the paper ; the figures are needed to guido mo in a private investment. I wan6 tho truth.' 