A. Nihilist Ghost.; St, iotothi,; ,too boo? collooly rtedit.c tto ottirit wrhl, ittid itt tri n iti thrTIegh plr.r nattural oigiloy, thiti[ Oay be aecoi d tof writ. itt on o ery wortt.,tt objeet, I[ttoe r, iu, tpto ef thib it miay iterst csnty tL* hoar tit folklovia trango otrwturrdno whiethplouwd whieh was related th mo b my frieod Sit'.-, a receut "tetw chuc,' on ttl strict cooditton of toy sutpproosntg i anaoes od datee slotold £ ever wielt to roptcat it. I will tell you tItlh story as near ao possible in thits gontldtao'o otto wordso "Two nr tlhro monoth after turrla I tnok toy young wife down to tay laceo in tte itortht of Scttladcl to optndttho?Xdow Year, it havinsg been a tbioo-hthnored custom in onr fandtly to do so. Thtought ttte weathtor war bitterly cold, we all maoaged to enijoy outtrelve,, aotd my rite, wotom rt titlo iy ldy ot lnolgst ut, Wvc its eocellont spiritsa tile lo Ifo f the tlo rty. Late itt tile uventngrof Neo?"Yoear'c Iay we restlotnon woro cittottng ottrrelves itt ttte tb tardl-rootit Iltast tave been inoerly twetlve o'cltck), ewhen I wt. trlpri.cd tto heaoryiolot'o voice calling stofruitttt tkove, ro heavintg retired tttoo time beforo. On goinelttot to ieron, slto ittornted ilto tlttt ott tId boon Ittitrlt to. teeniohlid by "lteariing tie tinkle of sledge bolls, atd thllt ot opontillghlerwitedott soe had oeeon a sledgo quickly optrtaclhinog, dratn by a heir of attgatiticont black Itorses, ad that it Iltol pullcd tIlt iotnnediately, isdedr Ier ti'itidor. ; 11 evai lovely tlttololigltttlightt, to otho toot loeatt tut ttt ore if siot cttttld recogitiso tthe occnpnt of tile sloteto. Ao shtt didit tie riied lio Ihoatosand ll~okod hbi'?tmightin th? face, whcn'shodiscnovr. edl If0 vnsd?d Imrlect atraeger. W\rhat "Violet coln. eidcroel tioeteeetr'tocldnary waes, ttat on eleotittg itr eye, hIe ield ntistie left thiorel andel cthoottk iris hload osoleetnsy, theoti"givintgsiei ti to tlierho.ee, ralpidly tdieaoitred doe n t ht avonnoe. .[1" owife traos nattrlly iety ito Io discover teltottis clytterielti otrttnger e.ild be, otnd hail eal~lI jute tilt tri ceo if I kiltr'. She deceitbed hlnti ate lting qtnito yttnostg, btit writhlOsetW-titito hlir. tiercing black eyes, a block mouooblslho, end tetlnlllotoly wrapltdot in saoblos. I Ieiftg iwell ocqteaitttod oitll ot tily" ncoiglliro far Rdtilear felt qttito cortarit tlat he was not otne cf theln Iald the only cottclusion we cotild coete to was jthat hie otersotlo-itcitor froto toovoe wbo rilthd eto astoish tile natives with such a Ihithterto unhctard-ol conveyance as o sledge. I coked ]or if olto were quito euro soto bod not boeet s:treoanng, when oho indig.nitly roeliedt thlat hott tid never felt ottre wide awake In tier life, baying at the ti0m been nittLIg uo writig a ost imtprtant letter. When I rotated icy .3vifo's story ih the bitllord-reoto, one of ciy convivial friends aoiggested that we should alt l-ally forth in a body and search the grouotds for 'the unfortunate beggor, trhte hod no doubt lost itto oay, cod wouldbo very glad t, be gien a ?eletik. Ie cII acted on this idea with alacrity, iny cittall exittnonnt being accu] titi dill ti Cottttry hotto. In the itinattitlo tile trtte had ~:cmpletely" ohend, ndit lied tnentl Sanw whc accoty att d satisfactorily |or our not beistg able to diecver traces of the ltedge. We soon get tLr-tHf thu scarcls agree. Sthi t the o yttoeriontstranter had discovered th e w trtslnoitg,, ancti had motice tile beet of The, niext dtty Violet aptpearedl rather antoyed weto or chafel her at stlt Ier Icclal choty visitor of ttte previous nitghit, tatd secisng that it was not welcocmo te soon dropped tile sujcaud in fact forgo~t it. That eoening, eor we meol hoao juso decided upon oepinlt tng" for thle night, tile dotor of the etntoking-roota kirst opet, and to icy intense otirtorisc icy wife rustled in,, tier dretslng-gowco thrown on, tier Ilair oll tlishoeelled, nndltook ing lerfectly ghastly. Site tIardly eeeotted to ktnow what sio wi doidug, acnd when I ei quired wthat on eartl was tic matter, sank inuto a ctIair, gaspintg out, "LHe has com againe i" Seeing that slilo was really affected I Iltatetled to get her a glass of "Ywt, and beged her to give coo fsU particolOro. It apltOers that hbe hod gtoo to bed, and hoao slept totuntdly tuntil aowokented by ttoe sound of appiroaci ng sledge bells, then starting ott, haol throwtn on her dreosisg-gown arnd rnishcd to the tilidtew where sote discovered tile lodge hIst breen brought to a skatidstill at exactly tile osate spot ac oti tile previouI night. (It ier atppcar aceo the driver lookinig up at her atoadflatly, had raised his hand, and shlakenl his Ilead ln p recisely the sanlo warning tnanno r as before. a'cot waiting for siore, atd filled with a natno - less terror, the poor little wolsnsn had rushlied down to me in this excited condition. "Vc all felt Inoot iadignant at what we began to think wao a very iimpertinoent tirctical joke, anct consigning mty wife to the care of- herimcid. rushed out w\ithi thictentlntion of findinguahid making it hot for the porlretator. eo ran out eagerly ;the niglht .wa clear and freoty,jthe grouod was covered with esnowr, altlhoutghtatuno had fallen since thoe norting, andc Iotnfess that I experionced qtite a slok wrlrn, otnar. riving beleath lty wife's winditty, wo discovered the noew was costpletely undiotirbed, atid that tlhore was not the faiitest trace of ottytltintg having passed tlhat way. We all roturcedto the hlouse somewhat subdued, asid talked toe usstter welt over, whlcn we eattie to tile con clusison tlat there nesit be somethisg qitecr nboist tioe affair, as it wo0 absurd to Itaginet tlhat ity sensible little wile could be the victim ofotttsa deluoion. Thorefore we itnncaitltousily decided on kleeintg a watch ill tile tIilliord rooeet-whlich was itntlrti;itcly bueneatli Violet's room--on the followinsg Ilight, ondit wait for vlcht migltt occur. Iii thle sntaontittue we Itild agreed nut to nleatitn thie ttbjrect te sy wifc, ald tilt next day, ushe nottalpeF;ptringo ttnl ill clincd to introduco it, thintgs tVUllt oits nnilth no usunl. omone timje aftr shohad roetird for the night, wo being fortified with oonodry glaesoo of hlot toddy, repaired to tio billiarromun I cutoo - lollceo or vigil, whore we turned down the gao and drew up thi lind,, and wore all on tho qui vie for imnythioni that might hlappen.: Tho airoo woa boo0 iag tlloonotoootw, whhon suddenly it was "broken by a picrcing shriok, and the onuld of a heavy fall. Itushing a1u to my wife's rooom, fromo whonco it?hdpr Iood i founid her uxtonded on tio floor in dead faint, still in hor evening drma, with horLwi.. dow widod "ooo '1"t oi, a bog time bfeore four maid, whom I found in tie reool, eltdd rostoro hur to con»oiouano.iand evenl theon aerollooed almost dclirols, and .khpt woaiilin out, " Why dooslo oinoo ? Wlotdoo ho moan i" o i Thle maid aftoerwarda ionfoned uo thintlhou Ilad boon rlqusotdd ey her oistross to rulilinn in ler roull witi Ilor untoil lhe i ternn c0nc0 1lhp, nnd selo lhad statjd aho did not intend nlodroa ing tuntil thon. -Ioer lady had stood wrapped in a BIonwl for i long tiho at tho windoil, and appeaired to listoliing intently for someutlhing h1o expectcd. Suddoliy lilo had qivon i viuo lenot start, and loaning out of tioh window, had oexcitedly callud tlio maid to hlor sido, and aIkod liot in'»o traeniling voice whether' olbo cunld seo oouythlnto Coming lop tho 10\0n0o0 or hoar thoe tinkl of ohello. It wv. a atill, IoIo-IIo light night n-ahnost o liight a, day, but thio maid, a brighlt, itOiiteUliiot girl declIred doe calod ie 0 or hoar nlothing , aoo ioo o orly. lout to aoe hur omitros otnagger biackarid anlld ifall fainting to tlo round 'looooo' vioulnt alrockl that mly if ha( ~rOCeivedI to ieo'r neo~rvoeus aye too rOeulted io a loonog ad oeriooo ilhowo, aod ao soon oa slo could loooiita o h took mroontlu eOtinont, wloroe olho slhortly rocororod her. hiooath and ofpirito. oVa neither of us ovor al ludod to tim 0c0ll0o of her illnUo, ohd feelizog fouoooliiorly ,onoitivo on the suhbject, and resont zog my hIving' treated it as an hlallucination,. TIough aplarently ot gotten y uoott both, I did not cinidor it judicioio to spend tbo comhog Now Yeor in Scotland, and we tlioroforo agroeed on paying.a long- pronoliod vilit to St. Petera-' I hoorg, whoro I hlad many intimate oriondo in ilallluontlal circlo. Onouroarrival toheyall viod: Swith uOeh other in allowing us hIoapitalhty, my weife waO\ iomenloeooly, admoirod anood Ilar ovivacity and. wit zoonoe Iroo very lmolpo.la Jout looore ooto>r intuolodl lolorturo one-of "ohe luodero of zciety arrangeod a balf in ooor honoor too whiofeh Yioloet loked forward with groat loloo oru, nnd oade msnot ollotmratu lfroparationoo. Wicln tho oligt of th fotd ai'nrivd, anod my wife ontored tloo mr0u dreoooot for tleo bhll, Ithought I had tover son ieor look Bo lovoly, with that look of layous aaitoibtiot on h0r Inootearllo thab a iibatwouti wccmou ulhcy. ncaccc ocwheoh . ll cleotiuunticccc, elm c clllli(:II eIcy lclrclzulO~t chirldieh ,m tiijhortivu clf t ,lc theccciccg cCI hYIcltct. tin our arrrivin there ey' d;utt cdh atulie.eu i my rcarlmrl T m' eg' mg aalerhutigg gaily, but I juot u u ? wr acruciout tu c.rellr. tLeudoorulc turned her tioad-aj-il riolontly utaitled. I hIlt Sher treloiling from hced t.f -flor, hrer fance waa deodly white, and lr eyeo were lixed on tlh spoct froec which our crriaigo ebud just nuovor. oin ecy mncidrimc~it t reuC"fOl Iu c: dilitati?di,. eliu excitedly exclo eljcd, "Luolo therel" pointie' tcc the fuew iE .tlh! eYcues.YAe lnI cIeeltur'm?T' s?'i'r(t'c tl iteg,ie e seorled completely unnerved, and implorced mu to tuke her henoe. l'oer Violet clulg tou le closely, pasouately exclbmineg that~i~f· did-unt ciccd a uhdl' kne?¢ she would file, "a1 ?f~dn??~srne enly iecroow d IrritaSIt~~i l do us eilm n'iuhed. W?Vilut icc th carriageI could not get an exphl, athcce, Iusm ywiu eeOcOd thoroughlly prostrate, ned on o or errivul I hod to eulclceet mcjuts her rotdm. ?lcere, Wudien nle alpljuued better; I requeted her to explain' her extraordinary conduct. in uas aweed, al eloet acured veice, Violet ifnuror d c e tlhut cn entering tile luotel-- hu bad Icard tile sound df ledge hells, untilon turning to sue nr'o had arriveil, lil c perceived drown uol ct the entrancu tice oalul ulyeteripclulean~ who causced her eu eculCh terro tlce pr'exvccc ynur in Scot lhnd. Tl.croh he' wurcj,-crleed hiis-heuavy jlubleo, nad cecing tire nuoco arnhmlg'.geutl ce4r. i I tried to roenccv with her andj nlcccrousaeupoil eer thic great ofeunc her cbhoonne would probably, ceaue ic iucli an bccaicc. 1'or soeuce tijce she wo quite iceprciticablo, beet soeing at lust icow ilccehlinc eanorest I wvain, Iccy dour'little weifec evidently ,,cde a great elfort aced concotcd to return with me. -All thc sacen I felt'qcito grieved lenotice -wlcta a cilnhceethi.i ntrancge occurrene Icd made in her, thloebhrilctucg, 1,.i1 little ludy I ews now couccdcticg to tile ec;rriage being indeed a very dilrfoecct percccn, Io tile brilliant, loyoccshauocty of au shortthlco bhfcre. JeusoR aswe m auhouttcceet foot in tice cerrriage a turriblo'e plcuionwcwo bleard, and a few mninutus later tlie feoarful news hald circcluted through tile city that tecl?iot.l-- crelece tile ball wrs bhiccg given,c hIcd Lboee l.oucn .to:cltlo'ezoclid (it weh' lctppcued- by Nihilists), and not a socl there Iacd sucaped I 