IROveliSt. TUT ASUNDER: Oil J LADY CASXLEMIlINE'SjDIVOROE. c ? * ? ? f, , I By BERTHA M. CLAY, / f * - * ?TT1I0K. OF u IIIS-ONE MISXAKBi'/.' T1IIIO\VN^ON ; THE WHItTiD,' 'A STKUOGLU tfOK A KINO,' 11 A DI^ITK AlONEMPKt/' ETO. : CHAPTER X HI.— (Continued ) - , ' In name, in love, in heart, but not in thoughts. and opiiiiona. It is a very different thing; giving your heSrt and giving your mind are qmto distinot things. I gave you my whole heart, Rudolph, but I did not givo you my mind. I have reserved that for my self.' ; ? Lady Castlemaine, having the keenest wit, and womanlike, the quickest flow of words, generally won the victory ; but thoy were j victories which cost l:f.r dearly. I'lsoh controversy, eaoh stoutly contested ; argument stemed to weaken in eotiio little ) degree the love of the marl sllie could not en » dure contradiction or opposition— who could I nouhrook any idea except those he had himself ' ?\ Yt would net have mattered in tho least, ;-trhad they been kit alone; after ft few minutes r w Ea would havo gone to her husband, and ^ said : * ' flow fcolish woare to argue and disagree over trifles. What docs anything matter pro vided only that we love each other.' Or the husband would have sought his wife, : and said : Y '? Wo will not argue, darling ; lot my stron Y ger thoughts guide you, lot your sweeter ; tnonghts guide mo ; nothing matters but that . wa love each other.' ' L. A But this never happened, for there- was ^fejixieone always at hand, to fan every tiny ? 'rpsrk into burning flame, to irritate, to annoy, ., to deepen every bad impression. Always at hand whenever one of these littlo ? discussions occurred , and few days passed with out them, she notod with quick, keen cars all that was said, and she knew exaotly how to fun the fire. Lord Castlemaine would go to his favourite seat, the great window-seat in the library, or out on tho southern terrace, horn- where ono oould' Eee tho shining blue sea, and take a cigar to console himself. So euro as he lighted it, he would find the beautiful face and figure of Isabel by his side. ' I must try to convert Gertrude to your way of thinking,' alio would begin ; and then a lecling o£ irritation rose in. his heart that even a shadow could lie between himself and his your.g wife. 'I will oonvort her myself,' ha would answor, proudly. Then Isabel would shako her head. ' I do not knew ; I am not sure that you will.' she would say, doubtfully, and that irritated him the more. Then eho would Ecek her other victim, and would kiss tlio beautiful face, and say, laugh- . ingly ; , ' You must not give in to that husband of yours, Gertrudo ; ho has great ideBB of his vown authority.' l. - Far. too great,' she would reply, laugh-' ingly. ' ' He wants threo years' apprentice ship to a class of strong-minded women. I fear that even I am too meek for him.'J ' You must not givo way to him, or you will entirely lone your own individuality said Isabel. 1 'I shall never do that,' said Lady Castle maine, proudly ; and although she loved her' husband with all her heart,- there was always a sonno oi angry irritation left after one of these conversations. It was a web' of another kind that Iiabol Hydo wan weaving now. ? It was moro suc cessful then tho first. Then Bhe had tried to weave tho web of love round tho heart of one rutin; now she tried to woavo tho web of hate over two hearts that, but for her, could never have been disunited. She laughed at times with a wjaked cense of victory, and at times she T#ept; despair ing of success. But, day by day, tbn web grow longer, and stronger, and -less liable to , broak. CHAPTER XIV.* : ' ^ ':- HUD US NOT INTO' TEMPTATION.' It is a torriblo thing to throw ono's self wil fully into tho way of temptation, as Isabel Hyde had doco. Knowing that she loved Lord Castlemaino, she should lmve kopt the breadth of the world between herself and him, but in her reckless desire for vengeance — in her mad, passionate desire to fulfil her vow, slio forgot or utterly ignored the danger and tho temptation for herself. Sho had given, unsought and unasked, the whole paseionato love of her heart to Lord Castlemaine. - Sho had hated with insane liato iho beautiful girl who had, as sho con sidered, taken his love from her. She had voluntarily placed herself under their roof for the fU'pcEO of seeking vengeance. But sho forgot jhat in so doing sho must suffer unutterable pain hereelf. Every land and lovltig word that Lord Castlemniuc addressed to his wife watt, like o sword in her heart. -.Sho'wonld grow oold, sick, and faint when sho saw his great sollci ?sMide, his. care and attention for her, Her heart burned with jealously and envy. There oauie a morning when a damp, oold wind Boomed to sweep tho warmth away : tlio atmosphoro was all damp, the ekies grey and lowering ; tho -sup. had set in sullen dis content for the day, and Lord Castlemaine saw his wife, wrapped in her costly furs, gome out. Isabel was with her. ' Gertrude, .where ore you going ?' wfffl bis first question, ♦ i \- 1 nra going to llsdmoss,' was the prompt and cheerful reply. ' Rcdmcss was tho nearest town to Neath Abbey— a bright, pleasant town by tho sea. ' To Redmoss 1' ho repeated. ' 'With whom are you going darling ?' - ' -With BSubel,' sho replied. . ' How ate you going ? I hopo you havo ordered tho btounhnta?' . 1 Oa, Ridolpb, what a string of questions I No, I have not; we ftro going to walk.' The conversation took -place in the great pntianca hall, where Lard Castlemaino met tho two ladtea Hi want up to his wife, and laid his htfid oh the fur fihefln of lier j-iekct — a racgbifkent fur for which hei had given a fabulous pneo— one of his wedding presents \- to her. -, ? 'This is warm,' ho said, 'but, Gertrude, darling, it. cannot shut out the damp. You ?mutt bveatho the damp air, in spite of your warm furs. .'Da not go out ; or if you will go, order the brougham.' She orled out impatiently that it would not hurt her, that she had often bean out in tho damp, nud would have no carriage. 'You mako tne fool liko a delicate -old .woman when you fidget about- me in that way.' Sho looked up at liim with a smile as sho. ?spoke, but thero w&3 some little sign of .im itation. . ?--- Isabel Hyde stood by, a silent spectator ; each word, so exrrnSsive of his tender solioi tudo for her beautiful rival, pierced her heart. ' I -will not bo an old woman yet,' repoated Gertrude. - ' - 'Hike you to go out in tlio frost,' eaid Lord Castlemaine ; ' that hurts no ono. But damn air is quite another thing.' ' Oh, Rudolph,' ofied Lidy Oastlomaiuo, ' you will mako mo impatient.' ' It is not an - old woman you- resemble,' 'said Lord Castlamaino. 'It is a beautiful white rose. Now I ask you, Gertrude, how could a fragile white rose live in this miserable damp?' \- There flashed upon liim the light of two beautiful dftrk eyes, in which love, pain, scorn, and dispair were all told. ' Is all your ooro or h-olioitudo for white roses ? ' asked Isabel Hyde ; ' have red roses nothing to fear ?' 'If you take my advice you will not go,' he said, slowly, 'I do not think it is a flit ting day for any lady to go out.' 'Still,' sho continued, 'you would not have remonstrato.1 if you had seen mo going alone.' ? Ha looked at her somewhat wonderingly, knowing nothing of the storm of jsalousy that rent lier heart in twain. ?f Well,' he replied, 'yon see,' Mies Hyde, it in not tho samo thing. I might have advised you, but I could not interfere with you.' ' I may go out and get killed with the damp, and you would not say one word to me,' cried Isabel. ' ForgivG me, bnt how very impetuous you ladies afti,' he said. ' I have displeased you,' Isabs), and half offended Gertrude ; yet I can ^not imagine whjr.' ' You are Over solicitous for me,' said Lady Castlemaino. _ ' You are not Bolioitious enough for me,' cried Isabel Hyde, and then, seeing the startled look in his eyes, she began to langh, but no woman ever laughed with ouoli on effort be fore; her jealousy had for tho time oarried her beyond herself. All that loving oaro and solicitude for Gertrude— the wind must not blow too roughly on her, the damp must not come near her ; but what did he oare for her? \- He was so anxious and solieltions about Ger trude that he did not ceom to notice whether she were going out or not. But the wondsr in his eyes oalled her to herself. What right had, sho to show any jealousy of another woman's husband. \- She laughed, but thero was littlo musio in the laugh. ' While so muoh care and solioitude are to b8 had,' she said, ' I may as well claim a share.' ' You will always have it from mo,' said Lady -Castlemaine ; 'I strongly advise- you not to walk out this damp, unhealthy day.' He looked at her kindly, and she felt that to.havo that cense of loving oare always over her she would give her life itself. ' I shall go,' Eaid Lady Castlemaine, ' damp or not damp, I havo determined to go to R-idmoss, and go I will.' ' I will not,' said Isabel Hydo. ' Lord Castlemaino is quito fight, tho day is against us.' ' After those fow kind words and that kind look, Gertrude oould not have opposed him, so a compromise was mado and a carriage orderoJ. The incident, trifling £S it was, helped Isabel to weave a few more threads in that strong subtilo web oi hers. J3he took L&dy; Castlemaino to task in a fashion , quito her own. That afternoon, as thoy lingered in the warm oozy boudoir, over a eup of dclioious tea, she oommcnoed her attack. ' Gertrude,' sho said, ' you do not under stand your husband.' ' N DC understand him !''oried Lady Castle maine. 'M bsg your pardon, I am quite sure that I da.' ? , - ? - Isabel Ilydo shook her boautiful head. '? No, my dear, you do not. I really bo lievo,'- Sho added, somewhat imprudently, ' that I should understand him, in time, . hotter than you do.' ?No jealousy stirred ' Lady CastlOmaino's heart ; sho only thovght -that Isabel was a little too outspoken ; still Bhe would liko .to know what w.is meant. ?' What do you mean, Isabel?' she asked, jravply. ... 'Nothing to^nake a tragedy about,' she replied. ' I was thinking of this morning, f was so struck. by his care and solioitude ;vi:i- yen, p,n;! you grew impatient with him.' ' I am not very impatient, ' said Gertrude,, with a sudden contnliou, ' I own it, but I mnnot endure to bo fussed ov.er and watched, You aro right-,- Isabsl. I was, as you say, imp iticnt without eause.' ' I knew at onoe that it was his Care for f'.you that made him persist,' oontinued Isabel. ' I havo often uotiood that when ho tries best to please you, you understand him the-least.' Lady Cistlenuine cOuld not explain,- oven to -herself, but something in that moment seemed to rise, like a shadow, between her husband and herself. -It was not jealousy ; ns yet that fatal and terrible passion had not awoke in her heart. It was an intangible lomsthing - a shadow ; and the clearest idea ' sho had after tho interview was, that she|did not really understand her husbuud, and that other people could read his character better than she could. She felt further away from him that day than sbo had since thoy were married. It was ft miserable day to Isabol ; sho had voluntarily placed herself in temptation, yot sho could not enduro to seo Lord Castle maine s paosionatc love for hn wire. Ooce.'as aim was standing on the grand staircase, waitiug for something that her maid bad gone to And, she saw husband and wife meet quite aooideutally in tho hall. It was in tho shadow of tho winter afternoon, before the lamps wore lighted: Sho ' heard Lord C.'.stlf mstub say .; ' Gertrude, darling, is that you ?' She heard tho gontly murmured ' Yes.' Love alone uses suoh tones. Then she saw him clasp his wife in his arms, and cover her faao with kisses, ' Myidarling, my beautiful wife. I Bhall oome and havo a oup. of tea with you.' Isabel turned away, utterly uuablo to bear it. If by ono wish, if by raising her linger, she could have struok the white-rose beauty from G irtrudc'fl f»oo, Bhe would havo d ono .. .- ? ' ' . ; ' ' I; - I ? ' ' . it. In her pnssionato, jealous rago, sho oould havo struok dead tho man sho loved.. ' Lead us not into temptation I ' The words o'anio to her liko taint flonflds through a mist. In her hefttt— that jealons, doflp.iir ing heart, full o! love tof a man who had never loved her-p-Sho felt capable, in that moment, of any orimo; ehooouid hove Slain lhat fair young wife; she oould hfivo.alftin tho mnn whose dark, htiOdaoma face had lured her to her doom. Sho turnod away. Death would 'have not havo been so bittor as tho pain that rout her heart. , ? An hour afterwards, when Isabel Ilydp went, ns was her custom, to tho warm, cozy boudoir where tho tea awaited her, Lady Castlemaine looked at hef in wonder., ? ' Isabol,' sho oriod ' how ill yon look I You have lost all your boautiful .colour. Yon deserve to loso yonr name ; you aro not at all like a Rsd RbCe— and you aro trembling, no lunny stemming.' \- ' I do not sec anything wonderful in that, Gertrudo ; any one might tremble on a cold Deoomber afternoon.' ' I will give yon some hot tea,' said Lady Oastleinaine. ' Rudolph said ho would join us.' He oame, looking so handsome, so brave, so kind- and his eyes wero so full of admira tion and love for his wife, that Isabel oould hardly boar it. ' ' Lead us not into tomptation I ' Yet she had oome there purposely to bo tompted her self, and to tempt others. That dark winter afternoon, ob she watched guileless, innooont love, the simple happiness of husband and wife, sho repeated her vow. She would part them ; come what might, cost what it would, she would part them, for ever and aye. ? . ' But how was it to be done ? Spirits of envy and h&to; help and aid her 1 How was it to bo done? CHAPTER XV. ; ' THE KIKQS AND QUEENS OP ENGLAND. ,y : The Christmas week -was ended,- yet none of tho guests fait inclined to leavb Neath. The holiday, had been so pleasant— every variety of old English sport and pastime had been in requisition — charade parties, balls, private, theatricals ; they had almost turnod night into day ; yet, the day was not long enough. It was a time never to be forgotten by those who enjoyed it. Lady Castlemaino and Miss Hyde were the two queens'; Lady Castlemaine young, boautiful, gifted with high spirits, al ways bright, always ready to enjoy everything to its fullest extent, was the loader of the revels. - Isabel Hydo, beaptiful and graceful too, followed her lead, and no ono knew, of the shadow of tragedy that hung over her, or oi her terrible vow. 'I have been so happy here,' she said, one morning, ' that I shall ndt liko going away.' ?' You need not go away ; stay until the end dl January ; I shall be delighted, and I am sure Rudolph will.' Her heart aohod just a little at her .own treaohery; tho fair ftce looked eo smilingly into hers ; the blue eyes were so clear and guileless ; the invitation hod been so sordidly given. Yot she knew that her only obji ct in stopping with them was, that she might work her cruel will fend part them. Good impulses oame to her at times tied pleaded for them — pleaded to her to go away and leave them— to put Lord Castlemaine out of her life— to bo truo.t'o the beautiful woman whom she oalled friend. What harm had they done to her ? Lady Castlemaine had not taken her love from her by treachery ; neither had the earl been her lover, for the love was all on her side, not on his : he had never even been conscious of it. There were times oven now when she almost wished that she had let him see how muoh she . loved him ; and yet she would have lowered her own self-rcepeot, and lowered, it in vain, for from the moment ho beheld Ger trude ho had neither eyes nor cars for any one else. - 'I do not think;' she said to herself, bit terly, 'that if I had gone on my knees to him, to pray oi him to marry. -mo; that if I hBd been aa beautiful as Venus, and descended liko a queen, that ho would havo married me:' & There were times when she gave herself up to wondering over the strange problems oi life ; as to- why it was that the, who could have been so happy, should find tho whole world_ so dark and dreary because the love of her lifo was given to ono who did not love her. She never reminded herself that it was her own fault— that she had voluntarily and willfully encouragod that love to grow in her heart, knowing it to be useless ; that sho had given free rein to a passion that should havo been orushed at the first. Sho blamed Pro vidence; -circumstances, fate, chance— any and everything, except horself. Of all tho impaleeo that same to her, of all tho good thoughts and tho bad thoughts, none were strong enough to caueo h6r to falter in her purpose. Her purposo in life was to separate husband and wife — to kill the great love that lay betweon them, and put nate in its place. She'workod pprseveriogly and industri ously ; she never allowed the slightest ohanas to pass. If sho oould possibly make Lard Castle maine impatient with his wife', if sho oould irritate him against her, if she oould rouse obstinate self-will that was so strong within him, she would be happy. If, by some' laughiDg taunt, some sharp, cynical remark, she oould rouse Gertrude's pride against her husband, she felt ono dogroe nearer victory. Yet it was all done with such_ skill, suoh craft, such subtlery that it was impossible for her to be detected. She never lost one ohaftee. One rooming Lord and- Lady Castlemaine, Miss Hydo, and several other visitors, were together and were disoussing tableaux vivants for the evening. ' Let us have ono tableau from that most pioturesqae period of English history, the reign of Henry the Eighth,' said Lady Oastle .rn&me.; She turned to her husband with a smile. ' Which of -all King Henry's wives do you prefer ?' she ashed. IIo was silent for a few' minutes, then he replied : ' Oatharino of Aragon,' ' And I,' she said, ' prefer Anne Boleyn. I do not believe any of the soandals about her. Hho was a beautiful, unhappy woman. Anne Boleyn is one of my favorito heroines in history.' ' There is ono thing about her that I oan never understand,' nuid Isabol Hyde, ' and it is, how tho king. oould hato her so deeply after loving hor so much.' ' 'There you touoh upon a strange meta physical question,' said Lord Castlemaine. 'It is said that lovo turned to hate is the' most bitter hate of all.' 'I cannot imagine hating any one who has hobn dearly lovod,' cried Laily Castle maine. ' I oan,' interrupted Isabol. . ' I agree -with Lord Castlemaine ; love turned to hate is the most bittor hato of all.' ' You remember,' said Lord Castlemaino, ' that moat expressive line : ' Hell knows no fury like.a woman scorned.' Ho spoke quito unconsciously, not thinking at all of Miss Hyde. But sho gave him one glance— it said no muoh that if any one had interpreted it, that person must havo under stood tho position at a glanco. ' Love turned to hate.' sighed Lady Gastlri maino; ' the idea is n very powerful ono. I wonder if theTo is muoh wtistcd lovo in tho' world.' ' ' Yes,' said Isabel Hydo, briefly, ' you may be quite sure ol that.' i s T - ^ J ** * } 1ri* i*1 ?' You must read Evangeline,' said Lord Castlemaino, and seo what Longfellow says 'about wasted r.ffsotions. Ha declares that affection never is wasted.' ' I do not b&Hovo;,' said Isabol Hydo, ' that ho coald prove his words. Bat wo are going a long way from Anno Bol&yn.;, You would likfe, a fiiotaro frofli that most troubled timo, Lord Otttstlemaino?' -f ' YoS,' he said ; ' I have oitan thought how interesting a scries of hiatflflddl tableaux would be — one taken Rom efioh reign. It would bo interesting and amoslng.' - ' You would be King Henry,' said Isabel; ' but, Lard Castlemaine, you do not loolrtHO part. King Henry was ftfr, and florid, and stout ; jqu aro dark, and— and— I was going to add, handsome; but I must not say that.' She ' ajldod in _her own mind that he had indeed the grand, dark beauty that ni'e turea give to Spanish kings, and her eyoa told her thoughts plainly. ' If wo , havo that tableaux,' ' said Lady Caetlemaino, ' I should like to be Anno Boleyn am sure I oould act a ohar&oter; that is familiar to mo, and one that I like.' ? 'And I,' said Miss Ily.do, ' should liko to lie Catherina of Arrftgon.' ' Sho was old and plain,' interrupted Lsdy Castlemaino. - 'She was his wife?,', roplied Isabel; 'he lovod hor first and best ; ho lovod her well and faithfully— for how many, y carts ?'- ? 'Ho loved Anne Boleyn more in the fow years of his wooing and his marriage, than ho did Catherine, spreading his love over all those yearB.' 'I wonder,' said Isabel,- ' whioh of his wivos he- really lovod tho best. Eaoh ono seemed to havo separate and different oharao teristios. Catherina was 'every inehaqoeen,' a royal lady, true to God, and to duty. What she must havo suffered when sho found hor husbahd'B love going from her to one so young and beautiful as Anue— the tortures of jealousy, the fear, and tho doubts. I should say that ho woman ever ' suffered moro.' 'I hope not,' said Lord Castlemaine. ?- ' Then,' continued -Isabol, ' oomos yOur favourite. Lady Castlemaine. Hor one obaraoteristio seems to have been hor bright, wonderful beauty— her laughing, coquettish' nature. But what a short-lived triumph! While the king wooed Jane Seymour, how she must have suffered iu her turn all tho agonies that sho inflicted on Catherine 1' ' Jane Seymour must havo been very beauti ful,' said Lady Castlemaino. ' She was, young, fresh, and fair, history sayB. I should think she was shrewd and calculating. She had seen a queen deposed to mako room for Anna Boleyn, and she ro solved that Anne should' beq deposed for her. I do not think that I oare much for hor ; a oolourless character, I think.' 'Then comes a oharaoter whom no one loyos — a character without romance or pootry — -Anno of Cloves. I have oitan wondered where Cloves is.' ' She walked in and walked out of history,' laughed Isabel Hyde. ' Then oomos. a wife for whom I have always felt greatest sorrow, sympathy, and pity— that pretty, wilful ohild, .Catherine Howard; sho wss'but a child. I was roading somewhere, tho other day, that the night before her execution hor ovies were so terrible and so appalling, that strong nion who heard them trembled. ' I wonder,' oriad Lady Castlemaine, ' that tho whole nation did not rise up to a man and tear tho monster from the throne. That is the most wonderful part of his history to mo— that he was allowed to live.' ' Then oomes tho last wire of all, Catherine Parr. I always think of her as a mothorly woman, dressed in gray or brown, and mnoh givon to eertous roaling.' ' Pcrbap3 on lti3 death-bed,' said Lidy Castlemaino, ' he saw tho ghosts of his. dead wives— Catherine, whom ho tortured to death by breaking her -heart ; peer-murdered Anno Boleyn ; Oitherino Howard, slain in her early youth ;? Jane Ssymour, whom he forgot as soon as ehe was dead. Now, which of those wives did he love best ? ' - ' Catharine of Avrdgon— thero oan bo no doubt of it,' said Lord Castlemaine. ' She was the lovo of his Vila— thoy were but tho loves of an hour,' Do you think a man ever has two loves in his life?' asked Isa'otl Hyde, and sho looked with a olear, straight glanco into tho earl's eyes. ' No,' was tho prompt reply; ' every man has ono love that is above all others, and which |b never repeated ; ' and he, in his turn, look ing at his boautilul young wife, seoined to say, ' Suoh lovo an is mino for you.' Thifl did not please Isabel, who oould read his thoughts as plainly as r.hb oould hear tho outspoken words of others. She turned tho con versation back to its own channel: ' I wonder,' tho said, slowly, 'what people would do in these days if an English king be haved in such a wav;u They would give him short shrift,' said .Lord Castlemaino, quickiy, ' ' Englishmen, in these days wonld not stand by in Bilence, while a young and beauti ful queen was beheaded,' eaid Lady Castlo maine. ' People would s8bn bc-giu to want to know more cf tho divine right-of kings.' ' If we have the tableau,' interrupted Isabel Hyde, promise ma that I shall bq tho wife the king loved best, Catharine of Aragon.' . 'I will seo to that,' laughed Lord Castle maine; and Lady Castlemaino smiled as she said : - 'If the poor Queen Gatberino had been one half so fair as you, thero would haVebeen no Anno Boleyn. ' . , .CHAPTER XYI. . \- TUB niVAL QUEENS. - Never hSd the grand old obboy of Neath been filled by suoh a orowd as (hat assembled there during the first week of the new year. It was a dream of fairy-land, a dream of delight. The night that every ono enjoyed the most was tho one devoted to tableaux vivants. It was the orown of all other festivities. The old abbey was brightly illnminated. The light from the \ numerous windows streamed out in great ruddy floods on tho whito, hard ground. ? The lights word' so brilliant that they oould bo seen faraway. Tho abbey was crowded with guests from far and near; tbo neighbours who had driven there oaring littlo for the oold of the winter's night, oaring littlo for tho frost and the snow. Rumor had been busy, and muoh had boon eaid about the beauty and magnificcnoe Of the tableaux, of tho rare lovdinCe3 of the ladies who had to take part in them. Not an invi tation was rafased, deepite tho disadvantage of wind and weather. Tho tableaux were to be held in what woa onoe a magnifloeut banqueting room, in-tho days when the Oastlomainen entertained she kings -und queens ,of. England. A more modern and smaller dining-room had long since been built, and the old banquet-hail was usod as a ball-rpdm or for ? private thoatrioals. , It was on invaluable- room at Christmas timo, for it - would hold half 'the residents of .the county. Suoh a room to dance in 1 There was no other liko it. But to-night it presents distinctive features. There is a stage with orimson oattainsbofore.it, row atter row of oasy-ehnira and vel.vet-oqvored benches; there aro magnificent decordtkms of flowers and Christmas -evergreens ; the groat ohan deliers are filled with wax tapsrs,' and the light, though brilliant, is soft and poferly. Suoh an audience was gathered together — nil the aristooraoy for miles around. Half tho county was thore— young and pretty girls, fair And bonnio matrons, hus bands and song, It was, indeed, a brilliant gathering, ? ? - ? , ' * r *r v * ( * ' V * v T1 * * '4' K ' ? - *~\L 'V *14 Lady Castlemaino rocoived hor guests, then went away to prepare for tho tableaux. Bhe ? was, as usual, tho most beautiful And graceful \- huStosspwho had a smile and kind word for all. ? Evory ono agreed that tho affAflgamonts were most porfeflt ; nothing could hato'bSea bettflr. What A 16?61y mtxtarc df Choice hot. houeo flowers and ffvefgrcous l Tho stage was h& lbtge as thht of fehy theatre. Th6 stats Were All' so comfortable and so \- well, arranged, there was nothing but praise ? and adtnifltig oomments. ' LAdy Oastliimaino lookei^o specially lovely ? on that oooaslon. Sho wore a stipHD dreg? of whito satin, exquisitely trifftfflcrd wftfb sprays of mistletoe. Sbo wore tho 'famous' .Oafetlomains diamonds, ftnd in the land theft wore nOflo finor ; she looked WRftl fifld beauti ful, -fend all eyes followed hef admiringly. The series of tableaux had been ffiost bcuuti fully' arranged ; ho expense and fio trouble had - .been spared. Tho first was from Millais' ' Lis Huguenots,' that most pathetlo of all pictures, where the Gatholio maiden implores her Protoat&nt; lover to tie the white hand- ' kerchief round his arm, that bs may be saved from the massacre ; bnt ho'wili not, not even to save his own lifo will ho wear for on.' \- moment the emblem of a faith whioh he soorns. At first Lord Castlemaine and Isabel had been oalled upon to take tho two characters, but at the rehearsals it was deoided thai Isabel was too dark, that tho girl should br represented by ono who contrasted with him. one who woe very fair and had golden hair- — Lady . Oaatlomaine. Every one -pronounced it to-be a pOrfeot picture— tho fair comelinesV of tho .girl contrasting with the dark, proud * beauty of tho man; tho imploring, beseeching prayer on her faoe, the grim resolve on his. It was a lovely picture ; and when tho cur tain foil. thero was great applause. uaoy uastiomaine trembled. 'Rudolph,' ehe stiij, 'I did not know that one's whole sonl went into those pic tures ; mino did. Rudolph, if you bad been that Huguenot lover, you would have let me tie the soarf round your arm, would you not?' He caught her in hi3 arms just for one momont, nnd kiseed her with desperate pae Bion. .. ' I Would have done muoh for you, darling,'' he said. 'I am not sure, though, whether I could havo done that.' ' I would have mado yon,' sho said. Sho raised hef fair face to his and kissed' him, Thero oould bo no mistake about the passionate. love that husband and wife had for eaoh other. .. Isabel's vow was not near its fulfillment yot. Then followed a scone from ' Faust and ' Marguerite,' beautifully arrangod and highly applauded, whioh was followed by a pioturo from ' The Lady of Lyons' — Claude Molnotto and Paulino. Pauline was one of the young lady visitors. Then oame the four tableaux that Lord Castlemaino had arranged, nnd whioh many had oorao espeoialfy to seo. The first was King Honry tno Eighth and his wife, Oatha rino of Arragon. Ho wore his royal robes, and a magnifioent' king ho mado. Queen Catharine, in a superb dress of velvet and ormine, a orown of diamonds on her dark hair, stood by his side. He was seated ; sho stood, with ono hand on his shoulder, as though pleading with him. ' Every inoh a queon !' In her whole life Isabel Hyde- had never looked so royal, sn beautiful 1 ^ Her dree3 suited her to perfection ; tho sweeping velvet, tho rioh ermine, the royal orown. - Art oould not have lont that rapt, loving expression to her face. Hor eyes, bb thoy res ted on the king, wero luminous with love ; expressed wifely devotion, womanly tender nesa, passionate love ; and yet, although they said so muoh, they did not tell one-naif of . what lay in hor heart. A beautiful picture, intended to represent the homo-life of the King nnd Qaeen Catherine. Muoh to young for the part,' was the general oomment ; 'bnt how most exquisitely beautiful 1 What a face I what a figure I' But the praise and the hotttogo were less than nothing to her ; all she oared to see was ono flash of admiration and lovo in the eyes of L?rd Castlemaine. She did not see it, and her own grow tho brighter for their wiBtfnl longing. The curtains fell amid loud and sinoere applause. Before any ono had time to oome npon the ' stage, Isabel turned to leave, with a quiok* flash of her dark eyes. ' You should try to look . as though you loved mo, at least when we are on the stage together,', she eaid ; and before he could give her an answer oho was gone. Tho true meaning of hor words did not strilco-him ; she was not quite like tho ordi nary run of young ladies, and he must make allowances. Ho laughed as she disappeared, but be would not have langhed had he known what was in her heart. Then oime a beautiful picture, A story iB told in legend, not in history, how Queen Catherine, going suddenly into her drawing room, found tho kfDg on his knees bsfora Anno Boleyn. Neither of thom knew of her entrance, and the king went on with his p illusion ate, ''loving words. - This was tho second tableau of the aeries ; 'some thought it the moat beautiful ; the kneel iug king with all tho passion of his heart and soul in his fttce ; Anno Boleyn with the light full on her lovely features, on her fair hair, her gleaming jawela and picturesque dress— the expression of her face so sweet, so wield ing, so loving. - There stood the angry quoen, and, for onoe in her lifo, Isfebel Hyde allowed her whole nature to speak in her face. Passionate lovo passionate anger, passionate despair were all thero. A faeo thot was at oneo beautiful, yet terrible; tho love of a life-timo, tbo love, that' would neither count cost nor crime was there ; there also was the paesiohfete anger, rage, and despair, more bitter than death. A silence that' wfcs moro impressive than applause followed. The terrible passion on that dftrk, trngia faoe oould not eo soon bo shaken off. ? The third tableaux was taken from t^o sceno knoWn in history, where Anne BoIeyD; then reigning queen, finds Iho king embrftoing Jane Seymour, and knows — poor, hapless lady 1- that her doom is sealed. \- Lady Castlemaine commanded universal attention; thero was the samo expression in her faoe that impressed tho audienoe in Queon Catherine's passionate love and despair. \- The fourth nnd last tableaux was the beautiful and hapless Anne in h:i cell the night bsforo hor execution— a picture of un speakable loveliness and pathos. The quoen, in a long-white robe, her hair lying liko a veil over hor shoulders, kneeling bOrore n table, on wliioh rested Hie portrait of tho king. Was she thinliiDg of his wild pursuit of her, of his ardent love, of his worship of her beauty ? How ofton tho beautiful head that to-morrow would lie low in tho dflst had boon pillowed on his breast I Was she wondering to herself how ho oould slny her, when he had lovod her so' well?- . Those who saw tho picture never forget it.' When tho ourteine fell, and Lady Castlemaine rose from hor knees, sho was palo and tremb ling. . * ' Rudolph,' she cried, 'a shadow has fallen over ma. -I wish I hnd not joined in these tableaux. I am not Anfie Boleyn, I am Gertrudo Oas'tlemalne. You would not slay mo, even if I did more than people say she did? You would forgive mo and lovo me always, to the end? , Seo how my hands tremble, and my heart:' has grown- oold. Nothing oould part ns, oould it, Rudolph?'' ' No, my darling,' ho replied, kissing tho palo, beautiful face. ' You have tired your self. I will bring you a glass , of eham pg*Jb»' ' ' ? She drank it, but the colour did r.ot conic back to her face. 'I enhfiot think,' she said, ' what is tbo ra Attar With, mn^ -Aa I knolt there such a CtVkhge fiblifig Dime over mo, as thftngh what I tVtiS d&ifig; IhCh Wa4 iififfto fkint foPflShnflow ihg fif What some day or other wonld happen tofne.' Ho kisSfid.tho sweet lips, that trembled still 'R&d;&lph;,' she cried, 'do yoa think f shall tvfir kft?el before your piotordd face, With iny hCMt Wbken at looriflg y.oa ?' - 'No,' lib fiSid. ' Gtritnde darling, 1'will never have afiolher fabieanx in the house if thby fffsbt yoa' ih this fashion.' « Thtm KhbhU-ttta to thero. ' ' We bre not only rival roses, ' she said, laughingly, 'but wo aro rival queens, Ger trude:' - -' Gertrude has mado' herself ill by giving her Whole heart to tho herformaneee.'\ .'.I am quite cure,' satd.Lady Castlemaino, ' that I shall feel, All night, as though the ffOaffeld was waiting for me in' tho morn ing.' And although She did her best, that feelini . remained With her during tho rest of. that bril liant oveniug. . .. .. \- 'I want to speak just ono word to you, Lord Castlemaine, before yon giVo up your kingship. Tell mo, oneo again, that I may ro. member, which of these wives of yours did yon love best? ' ' , Isabe1 nnd met him, an it scorned, quite by accident iu ;no narrow passage leading to the dressifig- room— fnet him and Stood Etill be fore himpJiolditig his eyes, A3 it wero, with hor own, while she asked him tlio question. He was half startled for ono minute, then he answered : . ' Catharine, to be snre.' ' Then I aro glad I was Catharine— sli.jhtcd, despised, and repudiated' ao she was, I am glad that I was Catharine. I have been queer ? to y'our-king—I shall remember that.' A. vague thought that tho ladies, some of them, must be on the point of insanity, oamr over Lord Castiem'aino's.miod, but he dig missed it. Ho'wrS olSver end keen,- and the strango thing was that ho had no idea, nol the fainfest f.usplbion, that Isabel HJdo was , or had been in lovo withshim, ' ' CHAPTER X'Vlii -8 . ? ;? -? \- THE MILLS 01' GOD. ?«.MQSt young marriqd.peopliYtake some time to understand each nthqr.'.lji'; fall into each other's ways, ^to'rieMn ijto'^prebear, to be patient with each other'a'qiaults. Lord and Lady Castlemaino were Jhck^ioeption to the ' eAneral rule. Tfcoyliad differences of opinion-'. Tlio bufband, although he spoke at'times im patiently to his wifo, loved her passionately. Lfedy.Castlemaloe, although at times wont ing in patience and kindness; had the same great devotion for her husband. They quarrelled sometimes, thoy differed in opinion, they uttered a few Bharp, hasty words ; then they kissed and made friends, rjust like other husbands -and wives. They wero-pcrfeotly happy in , their married life— hAppy in the present, and; hopeful for the future. . It was nearly the end of January before the gay party assembled -at Neath Abbey dis persed ; and up to that time Isabel Hyde had made no progress with the fulfillment of her . vow. She was, if possiblo, moro deeply in love with Lard Castlemaino than ever. Tho short, fleeting hours when, on the stago, sho had neted the part of his wife, had done her \- incalculable harm. She sec-mod never to for get the event, and it led her into a half fami liar kind of manner with him that would have aroused the jealousy of some wives ; but Lady Castlemaine never seemed to notice it. - They were both grieved to part. with her ;' thoy bad begged her to ofay longer with them, but she had answered, laughingly : ? .'I must go sometime; I cannot stay always. I cannot live .with you, but I would if I could.' 1 Y'3%: ? 'The, only comfort; is '-that wo shall see you in town. . We aro going early. Perhaps Lady Orescon will' let you oomatousfora few weeks then.' ' That would be delightful I' said Isabel Hyde, with a smile that, was so much Greek to Lady Casllcmaine. The earrings was at the door; the white snow lay frozen on tho ground; the robin redbreafts flit'od about on the bare boughs; the sky was blue and oloudlcss, nnd the wind soughed around tho grand old wall3— a bright, beautiful winter's day. Lord Castlemaino was going to drive Miss Hyde to Redmoes station. Other guests had been driven by the ccaohman, but 'she' had looked in hat- host's face when tho manner and time cf hor going. was mentioned. - '.Yen will drive mc?' she said. 'How m&ny; happy rides feud drives I have had with yon I and this willbo the last 1' ' The last for a time,' ho replied. ?' I hopo wo shall joften ride together in London.' 'JDo yott really hope that?' she asked. ' Assuredly I do,' was the reply, in a tono of wonder, , They all three stood' on the drive; the horses we're impationtly pawing the ground. Lord Caetlemaino went to the carriage to ssc if the 'rugs wero nil right, and the two beautiful'. v.-onicn/Eto'od aiono for. a. few minutes. Lady Castlemaine had thrown a for oloak over her Shonldcrs; jot sho Bhiud dored os the wind blow, ' I am afraid,' she said, that you will have a dull journey ; it is eo very cold.' ' I am quite'. sura of that,' said Isabel. ' I should be dull at leaving yon if it were the brightest day in summer. I wonder what kind of season it will ho ; a brilliant one, I hope,' ' It is suro to he;' said Lady Cftfllemaino, . ' Wo shall not ha rival ro3cs this year,' said Isabel. ' You can never again bo a rival ; you are viciofinus.' ' \Yo shall not be rivals ; we never were, in that .sense oi the word. Isabel, you will not forget one thing— that you havo oalled me friend ?' . . ^ 'I shall not forget it,' she replied, with a peouliar smile. - ' The greatest pleaeme to tne of th6 coming sfa ori is that I shall ceo you again, said Lady Cai t'emaine, as she kissed tlio face of tbo girl that wbb to bring euolvunutterablo woe io her. And so with a kiss, falao as the kiss of Ju his, they parted. That evening, over hor dressing-room fire, Gsrtrude, with her husband, disoassed Isabel Hvdn. . ' ' Sho seems 'sn very muoh attached to uq,' said Lady Cistlemaino, 'I think myself qujto fortunate in having found such a friend. Yon have known hor some time, Rudolph ; how is it you did not fft'.l in love with her ?'. ' II' lie replied, easily. ' Ah, my Girtrnde, sho is hexntiful and olovor, but sho is not tho . style of girl I should have loved. You are my style, and no ether. .IVo have been -married neaily a year, and I am oven moro your lover than I was on our wedding-day. You are, and always must be, the one only woman in tho world for mo.' As Gertrude kissed the lips that hnd uttered such loving words, she thought herself the most fortunate as' well as tho happiest woman in tho world'. - ' , ' ' If the stars tluit sbino above us and hear so many vowa.-couhl but tell.how often they aro made, and how often tbey aie broken 1 If the tall trees, that Stand with their great bronchos erect nnd hare, could tell tho vows made under their flbade — so fervent, so earnest, ono would think thfty must be immortal — and they last about a year I How the stars and tho trees must laugh at such lovors' perjuries; how -often this love is ohAugod or dead befpro tho leavcs have fallen and tho green oqoto round Sgoln! /y«' |V 1 r i ' ' - * y ' - *4' 1 s- Whilo husband and wifo so discussed her, Isabel Hydo woa in her own room at Holme Beaton, where she was staying with her aunt Lady .Cresson, and ehe was face to faeo with a fniinro, a complete and perfect failure. Tho last thlBg she had seen At Ntath Abbey was hew Lord ClStletnaine, AftDir he hhd At ranged hot ruga and had mRde h8f quite ootafOrtfeble, hastened frofn the oairi'igj to where his wife- stood, wrafiTiCd in her fur clonk. How handsome ho looked standing' there, in ? - . the winter sunshine, his dark face1 all :aglow ' with'love 1 ? . - Little heeding any lookers-o'n, he took Ger trude iu his arms arid kisked her. , ' Good-by, my darling I' ho said. ' I shall : not bo gone -long,' ' . As they drove away, to the last his eyes lingered on hor, and when they could see her - no longer, ho began to talk about her, and every word that he uttered was in loving praise of her. Isabel Hydo had to listen and respond,. Most people would have been quite daunted. She waB goipg away ; It was unoisrtainjto say - - the. least of it, when they would moot again,, and he had no thought for her; hi^- boat t and mind were full of'bis wife. Even at tho railroad etatibn, when ho- Had' . arrangod her travelling rngs, soon that she had the most oomfortnblo seat in a firBt-clnss . oar, when he brought papers and periodicals . to omusohcr'during the journey, when he had shaken hands with her and had bidden bcr good-by, sho oould toll that his thoughts wero still with Gertrude ; lor ho oamo back to her ? just as tho train tyas starting — not, as she fondly imagined, to speak a Iqjsr kind words . - to her, a lost farewell, but to say: 'Do yon think Gertrudo io looking os woll . as sho did in town ?' , Her patience gavo way as she answered ; ? . 'Yes, I think she looks as well os it is possiblo for her to look.' , - Bnt if sho intended hoi answer to b9 ssr castle, her saro&sm; was all loBt, entirely lost - on Lord Caotlomoino, iu whoso eyes his wile always looked beautiful._ Then tho train wont on its way, and soon left Neath Abboy far behind. Isabel went with a sense of failure; and now, as- she sat in her room alone, sho was ;, faoe to face with the knowledge that although she had brought all tho power of her mind to bear on her purpose— that of making mis- . ohief- between husband and wife, and of ulti mately parting thom, she bad ignominioiatly ? failed. She sat for some time in silenoo ; then she olenohed her white Bands., 