Pitt Town Bottoms. A LADIES' DANCE--Let us not be mis- understood ; we do not mean that the ladies tripped it all to themselves like the faries in the "Midsummer Night's Dream" \--not at all ! they were not so selfish out at Mr. May's farm, at Pitt Town Bottoms, on friday night, for there were quite as many cavaliers as ladies. The fact is, some few weeks ago, the gentlemen pupils of the popular teacher of dancing (you see we don't call him Professor, for now-a-days there are so many professing things they can't perform). Mr. Peter Molloy, deter- mined, upon the breaking of their class to give a little dance-in honour of their teacher, which they did, and it was a great success. Then the fair ones determined to do the thing properly ; so, forthwith, they sent out invitations for miles round-not only to fellow pupils and their late instruc- tor, but to lots of other friends of both sexes. And to still further carry out their idea to the letter, they reversed the order of things by managing the whole affair, ap- pointing their own M.C, and taking the initiative in selecting partners. Thus, at about 8 p m., on this identical evening, between thirty and forty couple, at Miss Kate Kelly's command, stood up in the opening Quadrille, in Mr. May's splendid barn--which, really, is about as picturesque a place to dance in as can well be imagined. It was tastefully decorated with ferns and other greenery and flowers ; well lit, and above all, the floor was within an ace of perfection. The dresses we cannot, and therefore shall not attempt to, describe ; we may say, however, that the wearers all looked very pretty, and as for their dancing \--ye city folks, and local grandees, don't mention it ! We have seen lots of dancing in our time-both on this side of the world and t'other ; in Windsor, Richmond, and Riverstone - and up to Friday night always gave the palm to the dancers of the latter place, but now we are afraid we shall have to relegate them to the second place in our estimation. Without jam, we were really surprised to find, in a quiet country place, so many good dancers. Even the youngest waltzed well ; and to see a room full of them whirling round to the regular rythm of Miss Maggie Kelly's, or Miss Dunstan's music, all so regularly and in proper circle, re- vealed the good training they must have had. Nor was it the visitors-though some of them were good dancers-but the young folks who have never seen dancing else- where-know nothing of the grand displays of fashionable city life and are unversed in the ways of this great hollow world of ours. What a contrast to an English country village of some thirty years ago (and per- haps even now) ; there the evening's amusement would consist of unlimited beer, and double-shuffle in hob-nailed boots and corduroys ; for anything like polite dancing \--the Waltz Cotillon or Quadrille, would be as foreign to them, and unintelligible, as Greek or Sanscrit. Your young Australia, though not travelled, is precocious, and is really miles a-head, in the common courte- sies of everyday life, of their English brothers and sisters in the same station of life. One expected to see a jolly, lively affair, but one was not prepared for the Alberts, the Fitzroys, Waltz Cotillons, Mazurkas etc., Had poor, headstrong, gibing Bryon lived, or had nature treated him less niggardly, or could he drop down from the clouds, or wherever he is, to a dance at Pitt Town Bottoms, he would cer- tainly wish he had never written the "Waltz." Never mind Bryon--though there are many in the world who admire him for one thing only, and that is, his splenetic condemnation of the most pleasing of all dances--and from which they are precluded by profession, and he by acci- dent. There were lots of dear girls we never saw; before, but as the masters of the position they were very kind- and really, we think they were more attentive than the gentlemen, in seeing that everyone danced. Among the ladies we may mention the Miss Kellys-three in number, all splendid dancers, and all musicians (by the bye, this family is a family of musical geniuses'), and Miss Maggie in particular. Miss Dunstan is also a charming dancer, and plays a waltz very nicely to excellent time. Then there were the Miss Ryans, and the Miss Mays--both very nice dancers-the young- est being also the best little gossip we have met for many a long day. She was our mentor, and we placed ourselves under her guidance as trustfully as if she were our grand-mother-rather more so when it came to waltzing, for we are afraid the petite demoiselle was the stronger vessel-or had, at any rate, a leveller head in the mazy. Byron be hanged ! it was simply a case of sour grapes with him. Who cares mr Byron, backed up by all the anti-dancers in the world, when the world goes round to the regular cadence of "See-saw" and "Silver Rhine ?" It's all rot ! dancing at a ladies' ball, in the country, is as innocent a diversion as eating curds and cream, or-- or reciting Catechism, and very much pleas- anter. But there were other light-footed fays ; there were the Misses Hancocks, Misses McGuires, Misses Wilson. Davis, Cannon, Kewin, Cleary, Riley, Johnson, Mrs. Bennett, Mrs. R. Ryan, Mrs. J. May ; and as for the gentlemen-well, they were all smart young fellows-some of 'em as handsome as Vikings and as muscular as Hercules. There was variety in the music, too: Miss M. Kelly, and Miss Dunstan manipulated the ivories, Messrs. Molloy and Kelly the concertina, while two more of the same family played exquisitely on the flute, so that there was no flagging for want of harmony up to the witching hour of night, when ghosts are supposed to walk. Mr. Molloy, in a neat little speech, thanked the ladies, coupled with the name of Miss Kelly, for their kindness in getting up the dance, and complimented them for the man- ner in which they had carried out the first part of the programme. The order would now be reversed by the ladies falling back to their original positions ; he would re- lieve Miss Kelly, and it would be the duty of the gentlemen to select partners the rest of the night. A gentleman present having responded on behalf of Miss Kelly and the ladies, there was an adjournment for re- freshments --which had been provided in the most hospitable manner by Mrs. James May. A cup of good tea or coffee in the small hours of the morning is a wonderful refresher, and so they all felt, for dancing was resumed under the new conditions with much vigour-and continued, interrupted with a ballad occasionally, and a step dance by Mr. R. Ryan and the M.C, which was much applauned. Thus things went on until after day-break, and by the time the last Quadrille was finished, the fifth hour was near spent. Then there was more tea and coffee ; harnessing up, leave-taking, etc.; and by the time the several vehicles had got well away from the farm the rain came down pitter-patter, increasing to a good steady rain by the time old Windsor was reached--just as the early birds were taking down their shutters. We shall look back to our first experience of a ladies' dance, at an Australian farm-house--and our first experience, too, of Pitt Town Bottoms hospitality--with much pleasure ; and rest fully convinced that a night's danc- ing under such conditions is not only harm- less, but really beneficial- socially and physically. 