I CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. 1 TUESDAY NoUIthstandintr the cell so as to you 9 weather trainers were at business early; Mr Connolly was theatres to commence with Lady Ashton, who strode also L, on the sand for three miles Louise Berta with The Loafer, ran five furlongs on the turf for a smart Gallon. License and Upper crust following built, house in, Geraldton. and Carnarvon ran a smart gallop over a mile, and «NLwma&Ur;, 11th Oasburncr, wore a Bisons gallop once round the sand trout 'cattle) and Umberto strode along once round the sand in a sound pace, and. Pocahontas ran a useful metropole a mile on the turf bell's horses were all on the various trade s at intervals, lion Bolt, who had the company of Western for the first mile and Lands for the last one, accomplished a good working Kilda on Upon rounding into the 6th eight rounds overpowered his jockey, ran wide, and came in contact with the outside li uni lea, topple rover and over Luckily man and more of escape, any serious injury. bill ermine and tslrocLo ran oxtrtwomilodfor a useful gallop Bridegroom, Whitebait, Varied, message, Anarchy, and the tjUHbcx colt all did some idea pace a colt on the sand and tan track in. The Ghost had hoped once round the Band, the old horse col are strongly. Grace Dark liff cantered to the round the turf, and Crown Brand was doing" half pace exercise for a circuit of the running ground, hint,' of the West and Jim Cain In Com- pan moved along briskly about a mile Ainatottr, a three year. old colt (brother w Little John, and others of the Messrs. Moran a were treated to good pace exercise on the sand Little John, to most people a surprise v. as an absentee. The Wave, Delarue, and Dougalston had pace excreta?, and afterwards the latter galloped once round Bohemian, R Le Little John, was absent Highland Chief executed a nice Grafton twice round the ground, Blondin joining him at the mile Post and they ran home turn strong gallop Carries Fine and Day star galloped about a million and a quarter, both going? well in the afternoon Little John, with a companion, cantered once round the ground 