THE NOVELIST. IN THE TEAR '13. This is an interesting; tale of the state of affairs in the rural districts of Mecklenburg in when the Germans began to rise against the French. It was originally written in Low Areman, by Fritz Renter ; translated by C. S. JLewi, and included in the Tanchnitz series. CHAPTER II. ( Continued .) h,at Mamsell Westpbe.len and the watchmaker iJout; why Fredrick wanted to cut the buttons ice Frenchman's trousers ; how he put him to hed m the Stemhayen "Wood ; and why Fieka did not accept the ATalclihi Merchant. And so they passed through the Barns, and the horses trotted along at an even pace through the heavy roads and the dark night ; and all kinds of thought came into Friedrieh's head. First of all, he thaught of the Miller's wife, and what she had said once before when the Miller had come home in this state ; but then he had been alone — what would she say to-night when there were two of them ! and what would the Miller's daughter, Fieka, say to it ? and lie shook his head : " It can't go well anyhow." And then he remembered how it was just about this time of year and in such a night that he had run away from the Prussians at Prenzlow, ten years before, and how until he got to Stemhagen. he had been obliged to sleep in the open air, and had covered himself over with hawthorn houghs. And then, too, he re collected- — and as the remembrance came back upon him he gnashed his teeth — the time when he was in France under the Duke of Brunswick, and had no clothes and nothing inside him except craving hunger, and how the French had hunted and pursued tbem, and how many of his comrades had fallen dead by the roadside, amongst them, his best friend, Kristian Krugeiyftnd how the people had had no pity for him. " A nd my two beautiful bays," he added to himself, " which they took away from me, and here I must drive two lame old broken winded jades. It's a shame they should be tormented drawing a harpy of a marauder along these heavy roads — a fellow who's not a real soldier, even. Cursed patriots ! Gallowsbird Dumouriez !" These were his oaths when he was angry. " Wo !" he cried, jumped down from the waggon, went round to the back of it, raised up the. straw, drew the Frenchman half out by his leg, then laid him across his shoulders, carried him into the Stemhagen Wood, and laid him down under a beech-tree. " Yes," said he, as the Frenchman moved rather uneasily, "it's rather damp, no doubt, but then you're damp inside ; so "Why shouldn't you be damp outside too ?" And he looked up at the sky and said, "For the end of. February it's a nice warm night, and if the cuckoo isn't singing just now I heard him singing in this beech-tree last summer, and he'll sing here again this year, please Lroci. Ana, on tne Frenchman giving a slight shudder as though he were cold, he added : " It's a bit cool, camerade, isn't it? I might cover you with a good three foot of clay and nobody be the wiser, but I'll show you that I have a Christian heart." "With that he went to the waggon, fetched a couple of armfuls of straw, and threw it over the Frenchman and said : "How adieu ! I can't take you with : me ; for why should the Miller's, wife and Fieka be " TfdubTed"wilh you ?" — climbed into the waggon again and drove off. When they were near the mill, he woke np the Miller and said : " Miller, sit up straight on the sack. I'll help you down again." Voss sat up and said "Thank you, Herr Amtshauptmann ;" and stared wildly about to see where he was, and asked whose horse that was running after the waggon. When he had a little re covered his senses, he put his hand under the straw and asked : " Friedrich, where's the Frenchman ?" " Yes, where is he ?" answered Friedrich ; and drew up before the door, and jumped down, and helped the Miller off before the women came out with a light. The Miller scrambled up the steps, and his wife came out to meet him, "Well, father, .how has it gone?" she asked. The Miller stumbled over the doorsill into the room, laid hat and gloves on the table, and walked up and down the room a couple of times, fixing his eyes on the cracks of the floor to steady himself, and at last brought out the words : "It's very hard work." " So I see," said his wife. Fieka sat at the other side of the table mending clothes, And the Miller walked up and down again proudly and asked : " Don't you see anything remarkable about me to-night ?" " Indeed I do," replied his wife ; yon have been sitting drinking again with Baker Witte and have forgotten your wife and children, and that we are all ruined." "Oh ! that's what you think? Well then, let me tell you, even wise hens some times lay outside the nest. Ho, I have been drinking with the Herr Amtshaupt mann, and the Herr. Burmeister, and a French General, or something of that sort, and the Herr Amtshauptmann has told me, he won't forget me, for ' this was for our country.' — And Fieka, I say so you, don't throw yourself away. Yon needn't do it. wouldn't mind your marrying the Mal- ehin Merchant ; bnt you don't want to." Fieka looked up from her work and said : " Father, don't talk of that, — at least not this evening." " Yery well. You are right, my child. — Remember you are my only one now, for where are Kail and Joe? Ah ! merciful heaven ! — But T only said, don't throw yourse'f away ; that was all I said. — And, Mother, about the money, think of what the old Herr Amtshauptmann said. ' Miller V os-, I will not forget you !' — But the Frenchman ? He was lying in the straw. Friedrich must know," and he threw up the window and shouted? Friedrich, Friedrich, don't you hear me?" Friedrich heard him well enough, but he -winked to himself and said : " Yes, yes, cry away as long as you like. Why should I go and blurt out what the Miller's wife can see for herself plainly enough? I'm not going to bum my fingers." So saying he fastened up the Frenchman's horse and took off the saddle, and as he took down the valise lie said : " The Devil, isn't this heavy !" and laid it in the oat bin, gave his horses their last feed, lay down on his bed, and slept as if nothing had happened that day. As the Miller was beginning to fume because Friedrich did not come, his wife said : ' Father, never mind him ; you are tired and wearied with the jolting of the waggon — come to bed ; Fieka shall warm a little beer for you to drive out the night air." " Mother," he answered, " you're right as usual, I am dreadfully tired, for money business is so wearying. Well, it's in order now — as good as in order at least — for the Herr Amtshauptmann said : ' Miller Voss, I shall not forget you.' I must be in again at Stemhagen early to morrow morning." So saying, he went to bed, and was asleep and snoring in five minutes. Mother and daughter sat up a while longer, Fieka lost in thought and knitting away rapidly. " Fieka, you are indus trious," said her mother at last ; " and I don't fold my hands and lay them in my lap either ; and Father has worked and done what he could all his life. But what is the use of it all ? The bad times come and what the French have left, the Jews and lawyers take ; the day after to-morrow we must pay Itiz five hundred thalers, and we haven't a shilling." " But Father speaks as if it were all right now ?" " Don't trust what he says this evening;' a red sky in the morning and a red sky in the evening aie very different things ; but be was right about one thing this evening ; if von had only accepted the Malohin Mer chant !" " Mother dear," said Fieka and laid her hand gently in her mother's and looked up into her face, " He was not the right one." " Few people are able to marry exactly as they would like now-a-days, daughter ; there is always something. The Merchant is well off and if your father and I knew that you were well provided, it would take a great stone off our hearts." "Mother, dear mother, don't talk so. Would you have me leave you when you're in trouble, and in a dishonest way ?" " Dishonest, Fieka ?" " Yes, dishonest, mother," she answered, " for when the Merchant sought me, he thought we were rich, and therefore he wished to have me, but I would not de ceive him. I knew we were poor, for though you and father in your goodness have tried to keep it from me that we had lost our money, I have seen it for a long while. How, pretty nearly every one knows it, so if anyone comes and wants to marry me helwill want me and not my money ; and perhaps he will be the. rignt one." : Then she got up, and put her knitting things away and kissed her mother. " Good night," she said and went into her bed room. The Miller's wife, after sitting thinking some time longer, sighed : " She's right, and we. must trust in God, who orders all for the best." She too went to bed, and everything lay in deep quiet. Only the Mill went work ing on without ceasing or resting, grinding and groaning, flinging its arms' about like a man in sore trouble striving and strug gling to rise above the' toil of daily life. And from the wheel the water ever drips like bitter sweat ; and . deep down below the stream rushes on with its monotonous chant: " Nought avails it, nought avails it. I am thy heart. As long as I. flow wave upon wave, wish upon wish, so long, hast thou no rest. But when autumn comes and the corn is ripe, my stream will slacken ; and then the miller will close his mill, and everything be standing still,— and then 'tis Sunday." CHAPTER IIL Why Fritz, Sahlmatin £ofc a hox oil the esrs, and the watchmaker spent the night fighting with Mamsell Westphalen'g four-post ..hed, and why the French Colonel paid a visit to the watchmaker in a red blanket. When the Miller's waggon had driven off, the Amtshauptmann began to walk to wards the house, but suddenly turning round again, he went up to Herr Droz and asked : " Droz, how much do I owe you ?" Droz said as well as he could, that lie had been yery glad to do it, for " ze Allemagne is now my patiie and I am tout for ze patrie." " I don't mean that," said the old Herr, " I meant for my watch which you set to rights for me ?" Droz replied that that was alieady paid for, adding "ze leetle boy, Fritz Sahlmann, had made it all right." " I am quite aware, of. that," said the old Herr; "but, my dear Droz, a watch maker must be paid not only for what he does to a watch but also for what he does not do, and therefore take this," and he put a couple of thalers into his hand and went into the house. " Oh ! let him go," said Mamsell West- phalen, " he's a curious old gentleman, but he means it well. But Herr Droi now come in with me and stay a bit in my room for this weather is enough to make one's soul freeze in one's body." Herr Droi went with her, but they had scarcely sat down when in came Fritz Sahlmann with the Frenchman's sword in his hand, and the Frenchman's helmet on his head, and a moustache which he had grown on the instant with the snuff of a candle. Smack ! he had a box on bis ears from Mamsell Westphalen : "Monkey!" and she took tbe sword and helmet from him and put them by her bed : " Monkey, have you nothing better to do than to be playing your tricks on an evening like this when we're all in such trouble ? Go down to Herr Droi's good wife, represent my compliments to her, and she is not to be anxious ; Herr Droi is with me, and there is no danger." Fritz Sahlmann goes ; and now they both sit down and tell one another about old times and new, that is to say, they try ; but what Mamsell Westphalen says, Herr Droi does not understand well, and what. Herr Droi says, Mauisell Westphalen understands very badly indeed. " He are bon," said Droz and chinks the two thalers in his hand. " Of course, they're good," replied Mam sell Westphalen, " do you think the Amts hauptmann would give you bad money?" " Ah ! not bad money ! I. mean Mm, lui-meme," and he pointed to the room above. " Oh ! the Herr Amtshauptmann yon mean is bong. Yes, certainly he is bong, but the older he gets the more whimsical he grows, for he. turns night into day and day into night, Herr Droi. Just think, here have I to sit up and roast and fry right into the middle of the night because he won't eat his supper till eleven or even twelve o'clock ; and if it is burnt or dried up, he begins tu scold, and then Fran Amtshauptmann who is very soft-hearted, she begins to cry. Then I say, ' Frau Amtshauptmann, why do you cry ? Can we help it if he will, live like a heathen? Leave off crying, weliave a good conscience.' But Heir Droi it's very hard for me, a lone person, to sit here and listen to the storm raging round the Schloss, and the rain beating against the windows, and the owls hooting, and the winds whistling along the passages, as if all the evil spirits were let loose. Just listen! what weather it is again ! — .Herr Droi, are von not at all afraid?" ' " Oh, non !" replied Herr Droi; but he Sat still and listened to the weather out side and said at last ; " Leesten, Mauisell,. du tonnerre !" " What ! Pommes de terre ?" asked Mamsell Westphalen, " What have pota toes to do with the weather at this sea son?" " I not mean ze leetle boys wid ze brown jaok'ts, I mean " — and here he made a rapid gesture with his hand indicating forked lightning— " I mean ze bright tsick-tsack wid ruuipei, pmnpel, rat-tat-te- tab." "Then you are right, Herr Droi, for it- really does go ruuipei, pumpel, rat-tat-te-. tab, out of doors." r "Ah!" said Herr Droi, " zat are ze tambours, zat are my cainerades, ze grenadier." And he jumped up and marched up and down with his bearskin on his head, for here it was high enough ; and then he stood still again : " Ecoutez, zey march on ze marchfe, on ze market, and Ecoutez, zat are ze grand canons !" And Mamsell Westphalen sat there : with her hands folded in her lap ' and looked at him and shook her head and said i " How his soldiering does cling to him ! He's generally a well-behaved man, what does he want to be looking so fierce for now ?. It's just like the old coachmen, when they can drive no longer, they are still always cracking their whips. " Presently the wife of Stalsch the weaver came in at the door, — she was Mamsell Westplialen's oracle and newspaper, bring ing her the news of the town, and for every mouchful of news she brought to the castle, she took away a plateful of food,— she had turned her gown up over her head and the rain was streaming; .off- her' as from the roof of a house.: She shook her self once, twice ' " v " ; I."' "Br-r-r, what a night it is," she said. "That it is, Frau Meister," answered Mamsell Westphalen '; — she always called her Frau Meister to show that she was the wife of a master weaver, " not for Stalsch's sake " she would say, '? rio, .for my own sake, for what would people say if I were to be intimate with a woman of no stand- : ing. I can- be proud like other folk." "Mamsell," said the Fran Meister, " I came up to tell you the market-place is full of Frenchmen, and they've brought with them ever so many great canons, and the Burmeister has sent for, my husband, and has ordered him this dark night and in this.wea.ther to the villages round about to tell the peasants to be here with their waggons at noon to-morrow, and you see if yon don't get! some one quartered on you to- night." " Heaven preserve us!" exclaimed Mam sell Westphalen, and -went to the door- and called to Hanchen and Corlin (the maids) and- told them to light the fire in the blue room next hers, and to put up a couple of bedsteads for the Devil would soon send a bigriiouthed French Colonel and a chattering ape of an -adjutant up to the Schloss, and turning round to her' com pany : "There they may lie," she said, " and if the ghost in the blue room is a Christian ghost it's hot much sleep they'll get to-night and that's the best luck I wish them. Fpr, Herr Droi," she went on, "the next room to this is haunted. Do you believe in ghosts ?" Herr Droi said, no. . Presently there was a noise outside and as Mamsell Westphalen looked out' at the window, yes, there was a French Colonel with his adjutant coming in at the gate, and a couple of orderlies were following them. They were taken into the blue room where they put on dry clothes, and then they wentup to the Amtshauptmann's room and had supper. Herr Droi in the meantime sat deep in thought, muttering over and over again "Diable" and " Diantre," and on their questioning him it came out that he was in great fear ? it might be his death he said, for if he were to go out in his uniform , and the bearskin and sword and gun, he might be seen by one of the orderlies or one of the French sentries or some ruffian or other of a Frenchman and they might ask him where he came from and where he was going to, and then if he could not give a satisfactory account of himself, there would be the devil's own work, and the story of this afternoon might come out, and what would happen then ? 