MY BURLESQUE. (pilOJr THE ST. .TAMES'.S GAZETTE.) Before my bedchamber is disturbed in the morning it presents an unwonted appearance. My slippers form a cross on the carpet, a pillow has been hurled into a corner, the picture over my head is turned with its face to the wall. These things recall in the morning the good things that have struck me in the night. They remind me, when I awake, that I have had so many ideas, and that sets me thinking back to what these ideas were. Thus the slippers bring back the puns, 'purrhapps— amewses— purr puss ; ' the pillow may stand for ' right tenant — lieutenant.' I am writing a burlesque. Having witnessed the performance of many successful pieces of this order, I accepted a commission to write one with a light heart. It was to differ from other burlesques in subject and mode of treatment, and I volunteered to do it in five days. A month has passed since then, and not till now has my burlesque approached completion. Burlesques are not the trifles the public think them. This paper ia no mere effort of the imagination, but a record of facts. I was asked by a manager on tour with a provincial company to write a burlesque for him. It is to follow a three-act comedy- drama, so that it must not play for more than an hour or an hour and a half. There must be few characters in it; but of these three males and two females — 'boy and girl' — must have good parts, and I am to 'give some lines to a child actress.' Choice of subject and mode of treatment were left to me, .and 'something out ot the common' was desired ; but elaborate scenery or ' sets ' were out of the question. I may add that my burlesque, which had been originally promised half in jest, was to be a gift to the manager. I have seen Beveral letters to him from more or less experienced writers of this kind of theatrical literature, however, offering pieces, and a royally of £1 or 30s. a week was the most that any of them asked. I should say that £20 in all is above rather than under the average price of a provincial burlesque. * ' Like the idea. Make Polonius a pirate.' This telegram I. had from the manager in answer to my suggestion that we might burlesque 'Hamlet.' But 'Very Little Hamlet' was not my original notion. I had submitted half a dozen other subjects, bub they were negatived as not being sufficiently known. In short, it was only while the burlesque was in the egg that some thing new was wanted. The moment it was hatched, the more like other pieces of the kind it was the better it pleased. I soon saw this, and it opened my eyes to the reason why our wits and humourists produce such conventional burlesques. One thing rather struck me. Until I bought copies at French's of a few specimens, I was not aware that burlesques are written in verse. I wonder if other theatre-goers are equally ignorant. ' Very Little Hamlet ' is in three scenes, of which I have only written the first and third. The second is not to be written at all. It is to be sheer ' gag ' by the Ghost, Polonius, and the King, 'with songs;' and it is required for several reasons. Firstly, there must be a 'front scene,' in order to allow the scene-shifters time to convert scene 1 into scene 3 ; secondly, Polonius has a topical song to introduce, and the Ghost a ' song and dance ; ' and, thirdly, the principal boy must have time to change her dress. Ignorant of these technicalities, I began my burlesque on a wrong principle, and had to re- write great part of it. For instance, I thought that I had the songs to write as well as the libretto. The principal songs, however, are introduced by the singers, who are allowed by the manager to make their own choice. At first I rebelled against the idea that my burlesque should be interspersed with songs, dances, and ' business ' from the music- halls. I have got over that now, however, as well as some other things about which I felt squeamish when I began my burlesque. The fact is that the popular songs in nearly all burlesques and pantomimes, whether produced in London or the provinces, have first been music-hall successes. Polonius was telling me the other day how the second scene of my burlesque was to go. The Ghost has decided to sing a popular music-hall song called ' Money.' He comes forward and explains that the real reason why he walks the battlements is that the royal ex chequer is impoverished, and there is not enough money in it to pay for his decent interment. Money, money is what is wanted. What more natural, then, than that he should burst into Miss Bessie Somebody's great song ' Money,' and accompany the chorus with a break-down 1 Polonius's own song will come in as aptly. 'So I'm told by the crow on the roof ' is its refrain. It is topical, dealing with a wide range of subjects, from the Trafalgar-square riots and Home Rule to the price of butter. Polonius, instead of saying ' Very like a whale,' says ' Very like a crow on the roof ; ' and thnt is the signal to the orchestra to strike up. Polonius, probably with good grounds, is so satisfied with this song, that he tells me to my face that it will be tfc e making of the burlssque. In one way burlesque- writing is certainly demoralising. It takes from you all respect of persons. Not a year ago I wrote a slashing article on the unworthy tendency ot the ajre to reduces every great literary work to parody. Yefc here am I the perpe trator of a burlesque on Shakspeare's ' divine tragedy.' 1 have become thick-skinned soon ; and my parody on the great soliloquy, 'To be, or not to be,' strikes me as very funny. 1 wonder whether, had the burlesque been some other person's, I should have thought so well of it. It is a soliloquy by Hamlet, who is small, on the personal merits of Ophelia, who is large, and begins 'Too big or not too big. that is the question.' This, I believe, is at least original ; but I confess that a great deal in my burlesque that the company and manager think new has been taken from ' various sources.' The theatrical profession, so far as I am acquainted with it, has time to read nothing but its own parts and the newspaper comments thereon. By taking my 'business ' from novels and other books I have acquired a repu tation for originality which is pleasant. Pun- making intoxicates. Before I began my burlesque I never made puns, though I felt the capacity for doing so latent within me. Now I can pun on anything. At first I required a dictionary, but soon I had no need of any such assistance. The difficulty of late has been, not to make the libretto bristle with witticisms, but to find places to get the witticisms in. My libretto may bu regarded as a garment so thickly studded with gems that you can hardly see the cloth beneath. Punning seetns almost to have become a second nature. When a man remarks to me in the course of conversation, nowadays, that he is to do something 'in a minute,' ifc is beyond my power of self-control not to reply ' D'ye mean it 1' If 'page' is mentioned, I say I'd as 'lief' they would talk of something else. ' The prisoner was pursued,' reads my wife from the morning papers. ' Was the pursuit bootless?' I ask. 'Are you willing V' they ask me. 'No,' 1 groan; ' he is the advertising agent.' 'Let us mutilate him,' says Brown to Robinson, shivering over one of my puns. ' It is only cats that mew till late,' I reply. My sorest trial was the reading of the burlesque to the company after it was nearly finished. I had expected to hear them laugh now and then, but there was not a smile from beginning to end. 1 felt terribly crushed, but the manager restored my spirits. ] la explained that every individual member oh the company was so interested in his or her part, as to pay no attention to the piece as a whole. When a comedian had a good joke, he was so eager to weigh its merits that he had no time to laugh. That there is abundance of interest in the burlesque among the company 1 have since had conclusive evidence. Being on tour at present, they cannot get at me personally, but I hear daily from them by letter. The first low comedian would like to know if I have any objection to his doing his famous 'trick' scene with knives and forks in the first scene. The principal boy has a list of objections. She does not have sufficient time to change her costume, she would like another dance, and she would prefer to- sine ' 1 ve got 'em on ' ,to speaking the 'Too big and not too big' soliloquy. This last she suggests that I should alter, and give to the principal girl. One gentleman, I am told, threatens to break off his engagement if his part is not 'written up.' 'Very Little Hamlet ' — or rather the burlesque whose identity is concealed under that title — is to be played ; but further revisions are called for. However, it is out of my hands now. 