' A VISIT''TO CARTHAGE. v ? -- LECTURE BY THE REV". DR. JEFFERIS. The Rev. T. JefTerit, ? LL.D., delivered a lecture last 1 right in the schoolroom c-oiineoti-tl with the Pitt-street I Cnngi-ognfioiml Church. The" subject was " A Visit to the Ruins of Callings." The lecture was under the aus- I parts of the literary association connected with the church, and the chair was taken by Mr. Josiah Mullens, i Dr. -T**-ri miles said I go back to my happy college I days, when every long*A-ilc-ntion was spent in travel; when it had become a habit as well as of passion to pc*dcstrinni-=o in other lands. I had climbed the steep sides of Snowdon and Cader Idris, understand outhn wind-swept summits of Ben Lomond and Ben Nevis. I had journeyed through the dreary Rates Inland, the bread cornfields of Imperial France; had climbed the Drachenfels of the Siebengobirgo; had listened at Sclinffliaiisi-n to the thunder of the Rhine; and by many a valley and itinimlf.in pass had crossed the Alps from Syvilx-'ilmid to stale-. My college career was drawing to a close. My design was to skirt the shores of the Mediterranean, with three especial objects to see the sunrise from the summit of Etna to gaze, if possible, on an eruption of Vesuvius and to explore the rains of Cartilage. I shall be well content if I can reproduce a few of the pictures photographed on my memory Imagine us, then, three fairly stalwart youths, looking out from the windows of our hotel upon the placid waters of the Gulf of Genoa. we had arrived at that city a day too late. The steamer that was to have carried us across to North Africa, the Cagliari, had already gone. But by this seeming mischance he missed a fate that threatened us. The Cuglicri on this particular voyage was crowded with conspirators in disguise rebels or patriots under Mazzini, who aimed at striking a blow against the tyrant of the two Sicilies. They mastered the vessel, liberated a number of political prisoners on one of the islands, and made a descent on the coast of Italy. But black-hearted treachery had been at work, and all of them were shot down as soon as they landed, by the soldiers of the despot. We had narrowly escaped death, or an imprisonment almost worse than death, in prison' which a year or two before Gladstone had denounced before the tribunal of Europe as an outrage upon religion, upon civilisation, upon humanity, upon decency, and as fitter for hell than earth prisons in which 20,000 of King Ferdinand's subjects lay gagged and tortured for the crime of wishing or seeking to make their country free. By the following steamer, a week later, we crossed the Mediterranean, and in due course landed on the shores of North Africa, near where, 25 centuries before, the triremes of the merchant princes of the Mediterranean landed their gold from Ophir, their silver from Spain, their tin from Britain, and their silks and spices from Arabia and the East. Our landing took place in an old and crazy boat, under charge of a soldier who represented the Customs on the Board of Health. He was scantily dressed in calico, with bare foot, and rusty arms. He was the first real Moslem with whom we made personal acquaintance. That night we slept on the site of ancient Carthage, at the village of Douar Eshutt, the village of "hair tents by the sea." For a considerable period Cartilage occupied much the same sort of relation to the ancient world that Britain does to the modern. She was Empress of the Mediterranean. Her Ships were found in every port, her navies in every known sea. Carthage was the daughter of Tyre and grow to greater opulence than the mother State. Besides the great traffic carried on with Asia by ships and caravans, the met chants of Cartilage penetrated into Africa in other than the British trader has yet gone, and beyond all the nations of antiquity her ships went far into the open sea. From out the Mediterranean, beyond the pillars of Hercules, the Straits of Gibraltar, the adventurous mariners carried the trade of Carthage to the coasts of Portugal and France and Britain, and there is clear evidence that they reached the gold countries of the Senegal and Niger, which are now only opening up to English and German commerce. Some have endeavoured to show that they doubled the Cape, and even found their way across the Atlantic to America ; but here we have little else than conjecture. It will give some idea of the city to know that in the days of her decline the population was 700,000, and of the State over which she ruled to learn that she frequently had 150,000 men on board the foot of a single navy. In the, height of her prosperity the wealth, and magnificence of Carthage were almost fabulous. The whole coast around was studded with mansions and villas of the most costly and luxurious construction. They built marble palaces, and covered the ceilings and walls of their apartments with glass or crystal, and paved them with exquisite mosaics. Tho nobles and merchants are from golden dishes. Their wives and daughters were dressed in the richest silks and laces, and were decorated with ornaments of gold and gems. For 700 years she lived and flourished as an independent State. This was the Punic period. For 700 years - who flourished as a dependent city. This was the Roman period. Between the two there was an interval of 100 years, during which she lay ruinous and almost solitary. The first period ended with her destruction by the Romans, 2000 years, before Christ. The second ended with her utter devastation by the Saracens 050 years after Christ. From that last calamity she never recovered. The very ruins perished.. The site of Carthage was unknown for centuries, until Shaw, an inquisitive had learned traveller, guided by the broken arches of a mighty aqueduct, discovered it beneath the mound that had buried it from view. And now- let me give, me nearly as I con, the impressions with which I first surveyed the remains Of this great city. I must confess that for an hour or two they were those of disappointment and contempt. From a spot somewhat more elevated than the rest, I looked round on a series of hills and mounds sloping down to the waters of the Mediterranean. As the eve continued to dwell on the varied features of the scene, many things indicated the presence of the buried city. Here and there vast weather-beaten blocks of concrete, the remains of great public buildings, lowered into the air, and massive columns, broken and defaced, protruded above the ground. We could scarcely advance a step in some parts without treading upon broken pottery, mosaic, and fragments of marble, not unfrequently containing letters of inscriptions in the Roman or Phonicinn tongue From the summit of the mounds the eye wandered over a landscape of no ordinary beauty. Westward lay an external are plain, dotted with the tents of the Bedouin Arab and his browsing camels ; eastward the broad waters of the Mediterranean, broken landward into gulfs and bays?; southward the shadowy Atlas mountains, a spur of which came distinctly into view, like the sentinel of a sleeping army. The most important modern feature of the scene was the City of Times, about 10 miles distant, with its white walls and dust-covered mosques, on the edge of an extensive lake, the haunt of the red avenged Flamingo. A deathlike stillness reigned. I was roused from my reverie by a figure advancing towards me. I did not believe in ghosts; but I did believe in robbers, too many of whom haunted that region. There was no need for mental disturbance, however. It was a Bedouin shepherd feeding his flock by moonlight. He walked slowly in front of his browsing sheep, and they all trustingly for loved him. I used to wander about alone with a gun in my hand; far, more keenly alive to the presence of jackals, foxes, eagles, partridges, flamingoes, than I was to the excavations that had been made, and the gloomy subterranean cucumbers that had been discovered. At that time, the British Museum was conducting extensive researches at Carthage, and I resided about a fortnight with the explorer, Mr. Davis, who presided over the operations. The chief of the nuns actually accessible are a series of reservoirs, 18 in number, each 93 foot long, by about 20 broad, grouped together in a single building of massive construction, a vast number of detached cisterns, used us houses by the Arabs, a building entirely underground, probably a public bath, consisting of three or four rooms, the still- sh fierceness of a temple, an amphitheatre, and some gigantic masses of years of very indefinite shape. The sea has swallowed up much of the ancient city. On a calm day, with the aid of a boat, ruins may be traced at the bottom for more than 300 yards from the shore. The remainder is buried like the remains of Nineveh, beneath the ground. And yet enough remained to reward earnest en- deavours-niosnic floors and pavements of exquisite beauty and colours, bas-reliefs, sculptures, Roman and Punic in si'tiptioiiB that have shed much light upon a dark period of history, lamps, cares, domestic implements, and a variety of other articles. Perhaps the most interesting of all the mills that are left is the magnificent aqueduct that supplied Catthiiae with water; 2000 years ago they avantod-avtitor, and the citizens of Carthage appear to have had it in abundance. They were supplied with it much in the same way as we are trying to supply ourselves. Parallel with JjviNuifh African coast is a range of mountains, at about the same distance from it as the Blue Mountains me from our coast, but rising much higher. At about 280 miles from Curtilage, on the slope of one of the lessor hills, the spring of the purest water, in volume into a river, rushes out clear and cool from subterranean depths. I have seen it, and, have seen nothing like it elsewhere. The engineers. of' CitithnRO wrought with solid masonry, The aqueduct was <! work of incredible labour and cost. It extends in a long, but now broken, line. from the, hills to the sea. In one place I ? visited, where it crosses low ground, the arches reared for its support rese in triple tiers to the height of from 50 to 125 feet. The columns third support in in are 15 feet square at the base, and some as much as 20 feet. The water-channel lies, above these are flies, and is vaulted over and plastered with strong cement. An ordinary-sized person could walk upright in it. At certain distances holes were left open for air and elamang. There is good ground for believing that those angrily inches have defied the storms of 2500 years. How much of our work, dam or reservoir, will remain when so many ceilings have gone? As to the people, their miserables present is like a meteoric stone, cold and life has, an object of curiosity only on account of its strange clements and unnmnlous'comprimid*-.. Tho Gtivoriunent.uf the Regency of Tunis at the Inns of my visit was in a most ¡qiltmtblcstiito. The pool-sovoroigiiTivi-d sad life of it", lives ruling powers in his realm were the Consuls of England and France, and Tim bigoted Mufti of his own faith, in man-, already in possession of Algeria, wanted Tunis on her way to Egypt. Ranclaud, with an eye Iii India, stopped j in process of annexation. The Muftis, thinking only of the Koran, at ere perpetually urging the Hey to drive all the infidels into the set. I need not remind you that since that, time France has. Mrmlily increased her in'tllii'licr-, until Jimv Mm has established a protectorate over the country. This is a common habit with great nations. It is part of the process of political digestion. If I may use an illustration nom physiology, it is the act of ilpgluti'tion before swallow- ing. Any rule would be better than that which prevailed on? the time of my visit. There was then very little chance for no administration of justice. There were no police, no taxes were collected by an army of 9000 men who supported themselves on their excursions chiefly by pillage. As a matter of course, robbery and limrrloV were of constant occurrence. every now and then have not stealthy Al ribs, carrying light guns of immense length. My host, Mt. T)avi«,*had fur it body-servant a Moor of about 40, who availed on us, a quiet!, 'gentle looking man, with the whitest of' teeth, and a pensive, pleasant smile. Something of his past history at us known. He had been a son I of professional hiulixvity"robber, and tried to shoot- us a villainous weapon, about three feet long, bound at one end with a thick ribbon of iron, with which, he said, he had killed seven men. 'Allah Akbar," he would say; "God is great it was written in my forehead.'' He was a very faithful servant. Having eaten our salt, he would have died rather than do us no injury. It is a curious fact that this loaded stick, which is commonly used along the coast of North Africa, is called in " zer-avntty." It is the " waddy " of the Australian natives, used as a throwing stick, just like liners, and surely pointing - back to a time when the ancestors of the African and the Australian were of one family. The condition of the Jews in Tunis, of whom there were nearly 30,000, well illustrated the work news of The Government and the savage bigotry of the people. It was not very unlike that of their countrymen in England in the days of Richard Cream- etc Lion, when a baron who was in pecuniary difficulties would seize upon a wealthy Hebrew-, shut him up in his dungeon, and pull out a tooth every day until he furnished the sum that was required. An attack was made upon them while I was there, by a mob of raging fanatics, and-the feeble Government scarcely suppressed it without bloodshed: Am I wrong in thinking that nearly all the misery of the Moors springs from their religion? it was once a living belief. It is now a dead creed. I was advanced against looking in through the open door of the mosque. A look from an infidel was profanation, and deserving of. severest punishment. Five times a day the " muezzin," ascending the minaret, summons the faithful to prayer. Many go to the mosque and, spreading their prayor-enrpot on the marble floor, recite the formulas of devotion. O those who are unable to go discharge the same duty wherever they may happen to be. I cannot give you many particulars of their social life, save such experts of it as may be seen from without. It was not easy to get beyond the threshold of their homes. As a rule, the' Moors of Tunis are strikingly beautiful. Their- complexions are clear and almost white. I have nowhere seen forms more graceful, or features as a rule more exquisitely chiselled. But there was an utter absence of energy. A languid pensive air, the result of indolence rather than of thought, has taken the place of that consuming ardour that must have fired the faces of their Sitracou ancestors. Of the women I cannot say much. The jealous Moslem keeps his womankind within the sacred precincts of the harem, safe from the profanation of infidel gaze. When they do go abroad, even the wives of the labouring class are strictly veiled. One day I had been out to a distance and was returning at Bundoayn through the small town of Sidi Son said, a few miles from the site of ancient Carthage. In the outskirts was a dwelling of a Moor, belonging to the wealthier class. In the gardens of it slit four ladies, enjoy- ing the cool evening breeze. They say ore richly dressed, and all of them unveiled. I obtained" a full view, however, of only one face, the face of a maiden just budding into lt- oraanhood. Of course, the novelty of the thing strained my imagination to its highest pitch. A young Moorish poet would have described her thus: her figure put to shame the branches of the willow ; her face was like the full-orbed moon ; her hair was of the raven hue of night ; her eyes, intensely black were shaded by long silken lashes ; hot forehead was like molten silver ; her cheeks were like roses among the lilies. The dress of the better classes in the city of Tunis struck me as the most graceful covering of the human body I had ever seen. Very elegant is the dress of the wealthy Moor. A red skull cap, with a tassel of blue silk, almost buried in the folds of a snowy turban. An order robe in general richly ornamented, an inner vest of silk, varying in colour, loose . trousers of the purest white, fastened below the knee, and secured at the waist by a scarlet sash. As to the dress of the ladies, it is beyond comment or criticism ; but when our fair countrywomen know that the fashion has not changed with the lapse of centuries Eliza afraid they will hold it at a very cheap rate. The Moorish lady, on "the other hand, would say, "Our mothers long ago discovered the most fitting and graceful dress. that should we be slaves, like you, to the 'ínnn-ínilíiners' of Paris f" Something should be said about the politeness of the Tunisians Tho salutations I saw in the streets was respectful and proper. Acquaintances slightly touched each other's hands, and then applied their own to their lips. Friends kiss on the shoulder. If more intimate or related, they kissed on both cheeks. v Inferiors slightly bent one knee, and kissed the breast of the superior. Children paid homage to their parents, and youth reverenced age. On the motion of the Secretary of the Literary Association, the reverend gentleman was heartily thanked for his lecture. Mr. Mullens was also thanked for presiding. 