LOCAL AND GENERAL, WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. THIS is an event much valued by Wesleyans, both young and old ; the young because they have a goud outing, a jolly romp, and a good tuck in of those toothsome things which children most do love ; and, by the elders, because it does them good to see the youngsters fenjny themselves ; it reminds them of their youthful days-and if not too stiff in the joints, they are by no means loth to take part in the many games which the inventive genius of the voung ladies provide us with annually. As usual, the serious part of the anniversary commenced on Sun- day morning last, with the anniversary service, the special sermon by the Rev. J. S. Austin. There was a much larger attendance than ordinari/y, made up principally of Wesleyans from other parts of the circuit Richmond, Enfield, Wilberforce, and other places contributing. At one end of the church a platform was erected, and upon tliis the children, some 80 or 90f were seated -as many of them (their fathers and grand 1 fathers, in many instances), have been seated years before : and though the number was not so gr<»at as we have seen on former oc- casions, there was a bright array of happy little faces ; and no end of new frocks and jackets ; bright ribbons and new hats, got up specially for the occasion. The choir always a good one-was supplemented by a few good voices from Richmond-notably, Miss Sullivan and Mr. Crellin ; and Mr. W. Clarke, from Enfield ; and that robust singer, Mr. W Lane, came up from Sydney to lend a hand on this iinnoftant occasion - in fact, no one would be more missed than he. There Was, of course, a slight departure from the ordinary service ; it was essentially a children's service ; the hymns were selec- ted and printed in a small pamphlet--and sung by the children-with the exception of the opening hymn - No. 473, "Come Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; to whom we for our children cry"-which was sung by the choir and congregation. Mr. Austin delivered a very fervent, well worded prayer for the children, their fu'ure spiritual and bodily weliare ; for their friends ; for thc teachers, and for all men. Then the child- ren sung the anthem, " Come Ye Blessed," very nicely, under the leadership of Mr. W. C. Gamhrill. Miss Dean presiding at the harmonium, on the platform. Mr. Austin then read the 4th Chapter of Proverbs wh eh was a most appropriate lesson for the day ; after which the children sang, " Out Mission Field at Home." Having given out the usual notices for the week, Mr. Austin selected for his text 49th Chapter Isaiah, 24th and 25th verses : " Shall the prey be taken from the mighty, or the lawful captive be delivered ? Bat thus, saith the Lord : Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away, and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered ; for I will contend with j birt that contendeth with me, and I will save ! my children/' The rev. gentleman drew a very striking p.r.alle! hetwepn the Jewish -eaptiv.itT *' ^ *li.e s"*»^-' hA<) -*»y t^-ca*} . vr 1 th? '.hiw.Irfc.'s at the nresent day. iie asked ' who were the Captives ami who the deliver^. . ! There seemed to be a desire, noW-a-days, to drive our children from the paths of virtue, and to lead them to misery and ruin. " The boy was the father of the man"-what he was now he would be by and bye ; the devil secures them in due time as his captives, for it was natural that he should exert his power to lead captive our children. How few children were there to-day who kept to the path of vinue Our inherent evil nature leads to a multitude of vicious ways-agree- able enotlghj probably, to gross, unspiritual ised human nature ; pleasures of dissipation and evil companions. It occurred to him that our children were left too much to their own courses, and these were chains which led them into the captivity of the devil. They were as much slaves as were the poor little African children who Were ruthlessly torn from their mothers.'arms, and led away into slavery by brutal men. Children did not. of course, realize that they were slaves, i» this sense of the word-the power of evil was so disguised, so subtle, that they could n >t apprehend the danger around them. The devil had had a long practice ; for near upon 6000 years he had been engaged in this work, and so skilful was he that, depend upon it, unless some one interfered, he wonld do hts work most effectually. He was as busy to-day as ever ; he knew his business well, and he had many agents ready to do his bidding. One of these agencies was the vile kind of reading put into young people's hands ; this was one of the most potent means of le-iding our children captive. Then there were the pleasures of the bail room ; and he was both pained and surprised to read every now and then in the public prints, how people in a high station of life immolated their children upon the alter of fashion. Could they wonder, then, that beset with evils - the most fascinating temptations-I that the children were dragged down to per- ' dition-led away in chains imo captivity? Alas, there were many so-called Christian parents who allowed their children to be led into captivity by allowing them too free an exercise of self-will-too free an indulgence of the pleasures of this world. They were actually doing Satan's work ; how he must laugh at these people, who, above all others, professed to be at war with him ! yet they played directly into his hands. They all knew the evil one's powei ; he was mighty, and his chains weie strong ; yet there was a mightier than he-He who had first hurled the tempter from paradise. He still held that power a*d was ready ii protect o*ur children, through the instrumentality of Sabbath Schools. Christ Was the great Liberator ; it was He Who would break assunder the chains of their captivity. It was Jesus who had laid down his life to save sinners ; it was He who had purchased with his Wood what all the gold and silver in the universe would not do, the liberty of our children from the enslavement of sin and «he devil. Jesus had said, " Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not ; fox of such is trie kind um ol heaven." It was never intended that our children should be the servants of the devil, but that they should tread in the way of peace. Numbers of children were without God ; they were willing slaves of the devil ; and it was not their faults, for their parents"them- selves were slaves. The children must be ted early to believe in a Divine Saviour, and taught te love their Sabbath Schools, Who wa3 to do the work ? lt was the dc ty ef - the parents. Reference was made ic Deuteronomy, Psalms, and elsewhere in the Scriptures to show that it w,is the parents' duty to te^ch their children kow to avoid the captivity he had spoken of. Professing Christians even ma le no effort to train their children aright : their first thought was how to keep them and dress them and plac? them, in a good position in society. When that was done they conceived they had done their duty. Fíe appealed to parents to interest themselves in their Sabbath Schools, so that their children should in turn be the liberators of others from captivity. Their Sabbath Schools had not been doing the work they should have done ; there was only 1 Ik 3d of their Sabbath School Schalars who became church members ; whereas in the old. country there Was 1 in 4. This was a strik- ing difference. Then the teachers, he was sorry to say, were not what they should be. They were not only neglectful in their preparations of their subjects, but he thought; in many cases, they were themselves captive. How could it be expected, then, that teachers who had not themselves attained salvation* were fit persons to lead their children from captivity 1 The teachers should be well prepared for their work ; they should believe in it, and faithfully and consistently act wp to their professions as Christians. There Was much to be done ; there were numbers' of boys and girls running the streets that might be induced to attend Sabbath School, and so become good men and women. He knew oí such instances where children so rescued from captivity had become noton!y good Christians but Jealous workers in thë Sunday School, and in the church. Teachers, however, were not supported by the parents, as they should be ; mmv of them were very devoted ; they gave their time-frequently at the expense of their health-to this work, and they should receive every assistance and encouragement. Again, there was another kind of help which was necessary in every- thing-and that was monetary assistance. Here tiie rev. gentleman concluded a very earnest and interesting sermon with a powerful appeal to the congregation to assist the Sabbath School as far as their means would permit. Books were wanted badly, and these were things that could not be ob- tained without money. Puring the col leo tion the childreu sang, " Sow and faint not," and after the Benediction, " Who shall shine." In the afternoon, the examination took place, and it was pleasing to see the church so full of visitors. There was a good muster of scholars and teachers ott the platform the boys on one side and the girls on the other. The Choir was also ranged on th« platform. The Rev. the Chairman of the * Circuit was examiner, and in opening the proceedings he said he was exceedingly pleased to see so many friends present. Anniversary Sund iy was always ¿ri interest- ing occasion in the Wesleyan Church-from the oldest to the youngest. Those who had kindly attended would,- no doubt, be pleased with the singing ; he was fond of singing1 himself, and he thought most people were« The programme would' Consist of singing, i eMarni nations in Catechism cid S<*riptu«^_ i r.nd rerjttatiöag. Thecbildrr md choir thea san;?. " Jesus, Ï come tc the -Miss Aastia - j presiding at the harmonium, and Mr. ! GambriH leading. The subject Chosen for j examination in Scripture was the history anâ character of John the Baptist-beginning with the name of his father and mother; his - I father's calling ; prophesies connected with John's birth ; his name ; his sojourn in the - wilderness ; his food while there, and its nature ; how the locusts were eaten í hit > \ clothing ; comparisons between John and Elijah ; bis going to Jerusalem ; his preach" ing and fortelling tha coming of the Messiah; I wh it John taught his disciples ; when be í commenced baptising and where; the baptism of Christ, and what happened on that oc- casion ; his going to Salem ; his incarcera- tion in prison, what was the reason ; ; Herodias' dem ind for the Baptist's head, and his execution ; his character was described as i being brave, humble, self- denying, faithful« and a reformer of sin. All the questions; were vety intelligently answered, by both sections of scholars-it being difficult to say " ; which excelled, the girls or the bovs. The ! hymn, " The house upon a rock," was thea sung ; and a recitation fo'Iowed by Algernon. Johnson, *' Give the little boys a chance** ; Mary Linsley, " A true story" ; andi prosper Johnson, "The way to be happy"" ; 1 each orie recited very nicely-the first named}, little boy speaking up capitally. Mr. W. Lane then led the infants in a little ditty, ! very appropriately named, ** Giving." A ! section of the younger boys and girls were I then examined in Catechism, the portion I being that containing the Ten Command» ! ments: the " My duty towards God," and ¡ " My duty towards my neighbour." Though Mr. Austin requested each boy and giri ta I answer each question separately, so strong is the force of habit, that they all " took op the I running"-=-to use a sporting phrase-and chinned in together, sing-song fashion. Thu is one of the modern inovations we can neve* i take kindly to-~wheEher it be in & Public or a Sunday School ; and in this respect, aa well as some others, we cannot hut think that the Sunday Schools 55 or 40 years ago were better than now. At any rate, we have a very strong recollection of what was expected; in the matter of Church Catechism, itt those days, of a boy or girl of from II to i4 or I'S years of age. Tb« boy or girl over 12 wha could not repeat the whole of the Church I Catechism correctly was generally considered* [ a fit subject for Coventry. It is true* learning by rote was then the fashion ¿J alj schools, and in many respects, ii was Bot a bad one. It may he that each one ol the! boys and girls on Sunday knew the Conw mandments correctly-as well as oilier por^ tions of the Catechism, but We'd prefer fet hear each one answer by him or herself willah out th« sing-song accompaniment of their next door neighbours. Mr. Austin evidently/ thinks as we do on this matter-but the young people drifted somehow into the old . way, just as if they couldn't help it. , Êinïly Lane recited " The little child's Amen" i and then came the presentations. Mr. Austin said that it was customary amor«*; Wesleyans to present their Sabbath School scholars with Bibles when they left school to- go ont into the world/ and he did nov Illing they could give them anything better. He ^ held in his hand ,a Bible whjeb Was given him thirty years ago, wheelie stood in juit the same position his yoting friénds stoaf| that day ; and he could safely say that it haiti done kim good seyviee during the wfcof thirty years. He had five Bibles to present, and it was with much pleasure that he handed the first to William Linsley, who ?was leaving school; the next was for William McNevin, who had left tho dis- trict, but it would be forwarded to him ; number 3 was for Elizabeth Hali ; the next for Jane Maisey, who had also left the dis- trict ; and the fifth for a young lady, whose name was, until lately, Kate Linsley, but ?was now something else-and who, he might add, had beet: connected with the school for 17 years, Prizes were also given to A Ibert Lane and James Turner for early attendance-the marks being respectively, 83 and 81. Albert Lane then recited an " Anniversary Address" very nicely, and this was followed by the children with the hymn, " Cheerfully Give." The second division (older boys and girls) were then examined in Catechism, and a very well recited dialogue, "The End of Time," between F. Koss and J. Turner ; and Mr. Austin's concluding remarks,, brought the proceedings to a close-though the pro- gramme was not finished-but which, it was announced, would be concluded on Wednesday evening, when the Annual Eeport would be read in the church. The hymn, " We'll wait till Jesus comes," was then sung by the children, and prayer offered by the Chairman. In the evening the children were again present, and 6ang as lustily as ever. Oa Monday, notwithstanding an ex- ceedingly high wind, the youngsters and their friends were astir early ; and at 9 30 a.m., four of Mr. Pendergast's 'busses and waggonettes conveyed them to the *' Groves," where all sorts of innocent sports were provided. Swings, cricket, rounders, foot-racing and jumping ; the lively games of tag, disappointments, etc., afforded ample amusement for persons of all ages. A coalition band was formed of members of the Church Army Band and the Salvation Army Band, and played some most exquisito music, both en rovie and on the ground. Music is an incentive to danc- ing, and. no doubt, many a nimble pair of feet were twitching for a hop- which, of course, could not be thought of under the circumstances. However, there was any amount of fun-in fact, it was about the jolliest outing of the kind we have been present at in the district. His Worship the Mayor, and other sedate aldermen ; several elderly gentlemen, bandsmen, Salva- tion Army officers, and " hallelujah" lasses, bank clerks, Sunday school teachers -in fact, people of all persuasions, all professions and degrees of society, might be seen intermingling in the several games, much to the satisfaction of those few elders and others who did not join in. The child- ren were well attended to by willing hands ; well supplied with sandwiches, cake, oranges, lollies, and tea ; and prizes awar- ded for racing and jumping. Instead of the high wind being unpleasant, k had a most stimulating effect, and braced people up to enjoy themselves, which we are sure they did much better than they would on a calm warm day. It was a source of regret io mar.y '.hat the Bev Mr. Austin was too «mw-.l tc I « present-much as he would i-five wished to be there. Mr. Howard, a E rodent ii uni Newington College, aoted on his behalf, however, and made himself very active among the children. When the sun was getting low, the bell was rung for a parting cup of tea. 'The Doxology was eung ; cheers were given for the teachers, the visitors, the -Band, the Superintendent, and all were driven across the pad- docks, and up George-street, home to the school-house, in Macquarie-srreet, and there dismissed-well pleased, we are sure, ?with their day's outing. On Wednesday evening, there was a very good attendance at the public meeting, held in the church. The Rev. J. S. Austin was Chairman, and in opening the proceedings, expressed his regret at not being present at the pic-nic on Monday ; he was not well, and did not think it prudent to run auy risk. He was glad to see so many present, and particularly his friend Mr. Williams ; the Rev. P. Fitzgerald, though he would gladly have been present, was prevented by prior engagements. Mr. Austin, while speaking upon the length of the programme, and the time it would take to get through it, commented upon the late hours kept in the places of business, and hoped to see. ere long, a diminution of the hours of labour to shopkeepers as well as others ; then they would be able to begin their meetings earlier, and, as a matter of course, finish them earlier. We may state that the scholars sang several hymns very nicely through the evening ; speeches were made by Mr. Lane (Superintendent) ; Mr. W. C. Gambrill. the Rev. Morgan Williams, B.A., and the Chairman. The speeches were largely anecdotal, and, of course, dwelt en- tirely upon Sunday School work. Mr Williams was discursive, and reviewed Sunday School work generally-from the time of Mr. Raikes to tb.9 present day ; he had seen the benefits arising from Sunday School work in the old country, ia South Australia, and in this colony, and thought that the Sunday School was the seed bed, so to speak, of Christianity. The Chairman, while crediting the teachers of the school with an earnest desire to do their work well, was of opinion that the work done was small in proportion to the size of the town and the »umber of its inhabitants. There were far too many children running the streets on Sunday afternoons, and these, he thought, could be hrougnt in, and made not only use- ful members of society, but good Christians. Teachers, he thought, should interest them- selves more with their scholars, and visit them at their homes. Parents should assist the teachers, for it «ras their duty, above all others, to see that their offspring were reared in the knowledge of the Scriptures, and induced to become Christian men and women. Tie was pleased to hear that there were four canvassers attached to the school, and he thought that if they divided the town into four sections, and each one worked up his section properly, their work this year would be crowned with success, and that instead of two prizes for attend once next year, there would be fifty. *Both Mr. Laue and Gambrill also dwelt earnestly upon the duty of parents working with the teachers, and laid particular stress upon the necessity of regular and early attendance. The Secretary, Mr. Theo. Clarke, read fhe Goth Annual Report-from the perusal of which we find that there are 82 soholars on the rull, divided into 6 classes : 2 for boys and 8 for girls, and an infant class. There has been a falling off in the number on the roll, owing to families leaving the district. The school is supported by volun tary contributions by the public, and the money so raised expended in books and other school requisites. The books used in the school are the Bihle, 1st and 2nd Cate- chism, aud the Wesleyan Sabbath School I Hymn Book. The school is governed by a ! Superintendent, a Treasurer, a Secretary, 2 librarians, 4 canvassers, 2 male and 5 female teachers. Since the last Report, 6 j of the scholars have become church mem- bers ; five of the elder scholars have been j presented with Bibles, and ceased to be j scholars, and one remains as teacher in tho ! school. There is a library, consisting of 160 useful books, which have all been well read, and greatly needs replenishing- \ which cannot be done at present for want ef funds. The officers and teachers of the school express their gratitude to the Quarterly Meeting for their " wise and judicious action in appointing R. Ducker, Esq., to visit the schools throughout the circuit, and they would hear bear testimony to his visit to our school, as being very instructive, and greatly appreciated by both teachers and scholars, and hope that the appointment will be permanent." Refer- ence is made in the Report to the resuscita- tion of the Band of Hope, which is attri- buted largely to the untiring exertions of the Secretary, Miss Dean, and her assis- tant, Mrs. Powers (late Miss K. Linsley). A kindly reference is also made to the late "Mr. William Alderson, "who has gone to his reward-after 46 years of zealour labour as a canvasser." In conclusion, the com- pilers of the Report pray " That God will still own and bless us, and cause the seed sown from Sabbath to Sabbath to bear fruit, to His praise and glory ; and at the last great day both teachers and scholars may appear faultless before His throne in glory for Christ's sake." Mr. Clarke was warmly applauded at the conclusion of the reading of the Report-as, in fact, were all of the speakers. Recitations were very nicely rendered by Ernest Huxley (" Doing Nothing") ; George Hall (" Work Brothers Work") ; and Mr. T. Clarke (" Atheist's Daughter"). A collection was taken up, and the children sang " The house upon a rock." A vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. M. Williams, by acclamation, the Benediction was pronounced, and a very pleasant meeting terminated. We may mention that Miss Austin presided at the harmonium during the evening, and that Mr. Gambrill, assisted by the teachers, led the singing. THE RABBIT QUESTION SOLVED.-" Rough on Rats" to the rescue ! This article, which may be had of Chemists, in wood boxes, three sizes, cleans out RABBITS, Moles, Skunks, Sparrows, Weasel, Mink, Gophers, Chipmunk, Ground Squirrels, Rats, Mice, Roaches, Flies, Ants, Beetles, Waterbugs, Bed-bugs, Moth, Potato- bugs, Iusects. " ROUGH ON CORNS,"-Ask for Wells' '. Rough on Coins." Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At chemists and druggists. " Rouan os ITCH."-" Rough on I ch" cures skin humors, eruptions, ring worra, tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch. THE District Oourt Jury will be paid on application at tho Registrar's Office. ROUGH ON CATARRH" corrects offensive odors at once. Complete cure of worst chronic cases ; also unequalled as gargle for diptheria, sore throat, foul breath. " ROUGH ON PII.ES."-Why suffer Piles? Immediate relief and comple cure guaranteed. Ask for " Rough on Piles." Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles. ST. ALBANS.-At the Police Court, on the 25th instant, before Messrs. W. Walker and John Fernanee, J's.P., Henry Douglass was proceeded against by Senior- sergeant Fi'Z patrick, Crown Lands Bailiff for the District of Windsor, for being in uulawful occupation of 40 acres of Crown Lauds, situate on the McDonald River, in the Windsor Police District. A lot of evidence was taken in this case, and as the defendant set up a claim as having selected the land in question, the Bench adjourned the heating for a fortnight, in order to have the decision of the Land Board, which meets on the 3rd proximo, at Windsor. " ROUGH ON RATS."--C'eirs out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ants, bed-bjgs, beetles, insects, sk ut.ks, jack rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists. BUCHU-PAIBA."-Quick, complete cure, all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases.' \i chemists and druggists. Moses Moss & Co., Agents, Sydney. 