KEW TEAR'S EVE AT SANDRIDGE. ? ^ ? Under this heading the following very beautiful effusion, from the pen of some awfully nice creature, too good for this wicked world, appears in hist Saturday night's Herald : — This place has always had a name for being lively on New Tear's Eve, but to fully appreciate this liveliness it must I arrived at Fort Melbourne at a few minutes before 12, and with the hundreds of people found my way to the pier. The first greeting the visitor receives is the clanging and banging of about 50 ships' bells. To describe the result is not at all pleasant. If any of the readers of the Herald have been in the country when a drove of rather wild bullocks is being driven along, and all of a sudden they take a fit into their heads to go in opposite directions, and the bells with which their necks are adorned start ringing, then a pretty fair idea of the pier on New Year's Eve can be gained. To say it was deafening would be saying little At one time the fifty bells would clang out in their wildness and madness, and then it would dwindle down to two or UUK| UUUVU1J W ULMB- LUlbU T'fc ) and make all the unearthly noise imaginable. Tennyson, in bis well known poem, says : — Ring out wild bells Across the snow : The year is going — Let him go. And verily if Tennyson had been ou Sandridge Pier on New Year's Eve he would have said that the wild bells were undoubtedly ringing. Passing down the pier I came to a crowd of youths and boys puffing away at short pipes, cigars, and foul looking cigarettes. The smell arising therefrom would make the Yarra stinks Mush. Between the puffis these youths were howling out 'Auld Lang Syne.' Perhaps the days of Auld Lang Syne will never be forgot, ' but it is a certainty that the smell and the vocal efforts of the full-lunged youths never will be. At the end of the pier a larrikin in all the glory of a pan hat, red tie, bell-bottomed- pants, and high heeled shoes, was drawing 'Dream Faces' from a weazened old aocordeon, and about twenty couples -were* waltz ing, and to see the waltzers -was something to remember. On the males :£^n Jj?*' pHO^fMlirailhwi, HT.J «~ Jtlw females, sailor hats, with gorgeous ribbons. The couples seemed to be glued .together. ,. It looked more like a hugging match than anything else. The men stuck their arms under the armpits of the girls, and brought their bands lovingly up to tbe neck, while the girls in return for thus mark of affection rested their faces graeefnliy on the mens' faces. And such, nice little steps were taken in the waltz* You could tell the couples were moving, and that was about all. They whirled round and round, and I have no doubt they would have kept up till -further orders hod not the wheezy accordeon dot sick, and refused to play, doubtless ou account of remembrances of' Days of long ago.' With its dying gasp, just as the witching hour was approach ing, it murmured, 'We shall meet again,' and gave up the ghost. For my own part, I sincerely hope that j. shall not meet that accprdeou again. The waltzers then strolled up the pier, and to their delight, the straii.s of 'Oh Love, Dear Love, be true,' met them. ? This time the oecordfton was less wheezy. : Two of the leading pairs held council, and they made their way into a boat, and after a few minutes' disappearance, they reappeared and gave the sigual to their girls to coaie on board the ship, Darling Downs. I was told the captain had given them 'permission to trip the light fantastic there^ To see the helter- fikelter vas anmstng. A rush was made for the steps leading onto ^'sffip7an3? after BoreanSngl jostling, and flushing, and a female ?voice crying out, tiie ladies and gentle men were safely ' landed on -deck, and the Iball proceeded. The scene on the pier. was a rather strange one. The bells kept up their ringing, although it was' after one o'clock, and rockets and soroe very pretty fireworks were let off.- This to 'my mind was the only enjoyable part of the night, but even this was marred by the Bacchanalian songs of some fifteen or twenty larrikins and larrikinesses who' were warbling forth, on the midnight air, 'We won't go home till morning. .They were keeping up the .New Year with a vengeance. Couples were strolling up and down the pier with their arms lovingly entwined round each other's waists, doubtless whispering sweet nothings, to the 'music of the bells' (but oh ! what music). The next thing to arrest die visitors' attention was the Sandridge Fife and Drum. Band, which came down the pier playing a very pretty March, This pat an end to the songs, and dancing, and the crowd trooped after the band. Even the bells did not. sound so deafening, and taking advantage of this, I made my escape up the pier, and, meeting with two or three friends, strolled round the town, and saw some more fun, which might be worth chronicling at another time. For the present let me say that it is my sincere wish never to see Sandridge' Pier {or to hear 'those bells') on another New Year's Eve. 