THE PILOT BOARD Wo aro not going to compare tho Pilot Board and Service to tho well-known Cir cumlocution Office described by Dickens, in which all the pouts were held by mem bers of tho great family of Tito Barnacle. Neither will we .dispute tho fact tliut each member of tlio Board and Scrvico is actuated by the most earnest and intellec tual intention to do his duty. But it is, nevertheless, unpleasantly and incon veniently patent that the Sorvico is not in a satisfactory condition, and that tho constitution of tho Board is capable of improvement. Whether the circumstance mentioned by the deputa tion that waited on the Commissioner of Customs on Wednesday, that, while the pilots have ft representative on the Board, nnd ono of the members has a son who is a pilot, the mercantile and shipping inter- ests aro entirely unrepresented, has any thing to do with tho alleged inefficiency of the Service, is not worth arguing about. The allegation is made, and it is tho duty of the Government to enquire closely into the questions raised, the more especially as the members of tlio deputation did nob mince their words in statiug their case. For example, they attributed tho recent wreck of tlio French ship Glanouso to the defective working of the present system, nnd did not hesitate to say that, though tho pilots individually were efficient enough, the manner in which they were now paid rendered them un willing to have any addition made to thoir numbors. Thoy divide tho fees among themselves, and they think probably that if extra men were brought the individual shares would be reduced. The deputa tion also urged the passing of tlio Marine Board Bill which had been drafted lost year, and asserted that had it been passed a Board would havo been created competent to deal with all maritime matters outside the jurisdiction of tho Harbor Trust, and certainly to reform tho Pilot Service. To some extent, when this bill was under discussion in tho Chamber of Commerce last year, The Herald strongly supported the main principles it was supposed to ropreBont, but wo agroo with Mr Walker that it was in many rcapocts an intricato and com plicated mensuro. and that it might lmvo peon better had Iohh boon attomptod in it. It was a ood thing, no doubt, but it was most decidedly not dune up in that small parcel in which most good things are sup posed to bo enwrapped. Thoro aro also roa- BonBtobollovothufc aBUlinvolvingHuoh im portant interests would not rocolyo tho amount of care nnd consideration duo to it at this stage of thoNeuHluu, MrWcdkoPs I suggestion to appoint a Board of throo exports to tako tho question of tho reform of tho Sorvico in hand at onco is therefore the boat that can bo adopted; aud if tho present Shipping Aob givos htm power to carry out such recommendations na they may make so much tho hotter. But the tribunal he alludes to should be np|M>inted at once. The mombers of it should bo thoroughly coiupotent mon, and thoy should bo loft utterly untrammelled to do thoir duty without fear or favor, ho as to remove the impression alluded to by tho Commissiouor himself its apparently pre valent, that tho Government wove afraid of tho Vilob Board. We do not for a moment suppose blmiMiumtorB aro in this state of nautical terror, but if only the 11 spectral vision" of such nil impression 1b abroad, tho ghost should be hud at. once and for over. That tho pilots should bo anxious to receive as much for their ser- >u;um .in uiey can goii is omy naiurai. Thoir work is arduous and responsible, ami no reasonable man would grudge them one penny of a well-oamed fee. But when u Commissioner of Customs, who is also a shroud and practical man of business, admits that there is need of competition, there is good ground for entertaining the opinion that the service has rather too much of the " close boough" system about, it, and that the sooner it is thrown open thu bettor. It is monstrous to think that ships should bo kept waiting outside a port like Mel bourne, because n certain number of es timable and worthy gentlemen wish to keep the pilot service in the hands of a little " happy family," with the loaves and fishes duly apportioned. As, more over, Mr Walker thinks the constitution of tho Pilot Board as open to objection as that of the Service, there is all the more reason for appointing the tribunal be has promised with no more delay than can possibly be avoided. In addition to this, Captain Fullnrlon, tho chairman of the Board, whose experience and ability no one will dispute for a moment, has frankly admitted to the Commissioner that the present Byateai of managing the Pilot Service is not .satisfactory, while our own enquiries have satisfied us that in justice to the interests of the mercantile commu nity and shippers trailing with tho port the appointment of a Board of ex perts is positively indispensable in tho public interest. As, however, Captain Puliation has expressed his willingness to co-opcrate with the Commissioner in doing all that can he done in tho way of amend ing the existing system, there should be no difficulty whatever in tho way of doing so. 