Ill- Befeiop ,io the Blessed Virgin Marv. ITcDcefotth aUvcenerationflkhali till i-.io bles .-il i7. /.»*»?, O«/. J., I'trs' .». Jta Very Reverend Dean Slatrery drlivovfl rrfthofollowing discourse* in St. Patrick's 01iup.-!i ,*«Eo» a large congregation on Sunday, tlic ?tafthef August:— ' '? ^ My DearBrerlroa.-Tlv..- Festival wlnYh i!ie -r Church celebrates to-day furnishes the reason '??why I have cboseu th--«- words for my in , »«lxuction this eveniup. I am anxious on this e-day— tie Feast of the Assumption— to speak ,. 'to you about devotion to tSn Viririulfarv — .the mother of our Lord anil Uod. There is no x subject a priest approaches with un-ater , pleasure^ none on which OathoJies can be j n ?tructed with greater profit. And it i- tho mind of the Churcii that on this (.Teat Festival '? the faithful should be specially instructed on devotion to the Virgin Mother of car Lord. , -In obedience, then, to tliis wish, I invite your t - Tegpoctful Attention to the following discourse, in which I will endeavour as best I can, though , feebly indeed, to show you the nature und the s grounds of devotion to the Blessed Virgin r ' Mary. At the outset I may be permitted to , . Kmack- how singular and striking is the jealousy -r)iich tku devotion, or even the b:irc mention of it, excites iu the minds of many outside the Catholic Church. This is very re markable, but still we know it to be a'fait. ? ' Ana when I say ' jealousy ' I use the virj s mildest term possible. The word is very far ? from expressing the whole state of the 'case ; i. it contains a part, not the whole of tho truth. If, together with jealousy, I also said indig nation, anger, and rage, I should still pro kably fall ebort of the truth. The bare men tion of the Mother of God makos some people UtLweH. And this feeling is so universal and popular amongst them tu.it when they desi:e to speak o£ us with ridicule und greet us with epithets of opprobrium and insult, one of their choicest tains is to call uur holy religion 'Mariolatry' nnd we ourselves ' Holy Harys.' it seems a hard thing to be bu \- tiered, but still it is so. n j..i»« ui uiurr luui nuue ui VUll, HIV U^ II brethren, maybe iguoraut of how Hi? truth ?tanas, and in order- that yon may be prepared, should a legitimate opportunity arise, to dispel from the minds of those not of our faith the cloud of ignorance and prejudice in which they are enveloped rcjrarduj;r our doctrine, I ? intend inquiring:— Firstly, vhat rrawm there is for this ill- feelmsr so fmim-iitly displayed at the mention of the iiunif oi'thi; Virgin 'Mary : Secondly, why ilo Oitholio pay her ? the tribute of her lafc, lh-i:iu;.'i', and venera tion:- Aud thinlly, why do they ho earnestly invoke her aid and implore her powerful in tercenian. i. As to the ill-fci'liiifr caused in many mind* T)T the idea of veneration to the Virgin Mnry ? —whence d.jes it spring? I uiijrht, indeed, explain it bv an unanswerable ai'giiiuciit de duced from what fiio Word of God. in the 12th chapter «f the B.wk of Revelation, reeorils cunccrniug the great ml drHfrnn ai:d *'thr . woman clothed with the sun.' Fran that pj^sajre of Scripture we loaru that there i.-. ai fi. titeential autagtmism between the Jinvil ami Mary, the Serpent and the Woman, his uhx, „ and 'her teed. ISnt I ilo nit wish ru in'-* this argument, beuau«e 1 -]-j :.ut like to assert that ' the devil is. iu every case, the reill author of '? the hatred against ilury.' Artk tlio»i- who dis like houorin-jr :md vcueralin' her whv they mitertain such fei-liag.-. andtiiey will not allow they are actuated or influenced by suv evil ? motive. On the contrary, they will teU you , they am m'ting under tlje influence of (he holy spirit of God. If they do m.t venerate Man it is, they say, because of their great zeal for tho glory of God and the honor due to Je.*us Christ. If they mi-*- their voices aisaiuiit de votion tn her, it is because the Almighty hutb said : ' I am the Lord thy God, though shalt not hare ntrauge God* l»efove me.' If they tre indigiMut with Catholics, it is because \- they hold we violate the tirst Commaudineut. , - ud make ourselves guilty of idolatry by giv ing to Mary the honor due to God uloae. When thege motives are argued iu justifiea , tion uf tbc a.uti]-athy uud disrelish nonCath olics have of devotion to the BleRsed Virgin it is possible, and even probable, they arc fcin ? eere in putting tliem forward. Sincerity al ways demands resnect. whatever inav be the justice or injustice of the cause it espouses. Bat can we believe such persons to be sincere r Can we believe that intelligent and cdncated : persons really think that thedevotion of Cath olics to the Virgin Mary interferes with the , worship due to God, or to Jesus Christ, or to . to the keeping of the first Commandment ? 1 jhould be pkd to believe so, for humanity ?would thereby escape a foul stain. But ?how can we account for their sincerity in the face of the ordinary lives of Catholics, in ; tiie face of all the efforts of Catholiis for re ' '' ligion and the advancement of the ylory of God, in the face of the instructions given and \- the Catholic books written, in which it is . clearly inculcated that there is but one God, one Mediator, one Holy Spirit, that all else an creatures without any right or iteim to that supreme honor, that divine worship paid to God alone? If they be sincere, then, truly is their sincerity the most extraordinary thing* in the world ; for it springs fvom a profound ignorance of Catholic teaching, a false tradi r lion, and a meaninj»le.«i prejudice. For what, '' 'my dear brethren, is the teaching of the Cath i 9ilcX7hurch regarding* devotion lo the Virgin \- (Mary? Devotion to the mother of our Blepsed \- 1 Lord, as authorised by the Catholic Church, is twofold: In the first place, the Church , teaches that Maty is to be Jored, honored, and venerated: and in the second-place, that it is lawful to invoke her in order to obtain her ?powerful intercession. Now as to the first ' part— which u the Eocond iiead of mv dis touno— ' 2. The Catholic Church teaches that the Blessed Virgin Mary is entitled to our homage and veneration on account of her superior i wactity and pre-eminent privilege*. What -. we these privileges? The tiret and chief pri f. .'Tflegc is the subiinie dignity of being- the . mother of a God made man. Tliisextraordin ..ary favor exalts her above all other creatures, ^ .aud is the basis of that singular honor and ^respect paid to her by the Catholic Church. jjet us try to form a notion of this -in-eat * 'difchity. If in worldly estimation thu advaut '??mges of birth, or fortune, or the antiqnity of a ' family demand respect; if the humblest of I the danghterR of Eve on being mixed to a 1 Thione and beaonuns; the -partner of Koyolty, ;, bethowby reneratea, asteemed, and ennobled, 0 fv/lot honor and homage must we cutcrtain for ? that spotless Virgin who became the fur spousp gOf the Holy Ghost, the Mother of God made shin i Could' a creature be raited to n hitrher ?'iJig- nity? Sfotber jf God .' B!ie is not, indeed, the mother of the God-head, for her Son did not take His divine -nature from her ; but she TtJ-Wi'e Mother of God, because Christ, her Son, ,-itcfJod aed -man' in one Person. A woman is Mostly oalled the mother of her son althongh r jib* does not conceive the soul, which it infused a by God; but as ooul and body united constitute e jrbuma-a pen-ofl, we n\teak of her as the mother , »f that pemou. In like manner Mary is the ^Uother of God, for the simple reasou that .jjfctui, her Bon, is God. Granting this, which ' no tme Christian win deny, how unspeakable * it the Signity of the Virgin Mary, how suner ?'? eminently docs -she rank above' all the other ?1*intp, and even above the highest angels; .tor mireiy God's Mother is dearer and nearer ? *- Sim -man the Spirits who stand before Hi* Mlirono.' Is she not, therefore, entitled to our j Ju*» and veneration, and may we not truly ,n«laiin witii the gnat St. Augustine— 'Oh , Holy- lkurgin, I know not how to extol yon, ,«inoD . you have been deemed wnrthy to bear in Toiirwbinb Him whomthe Heavens are unabl« 'tooontaui' [S. Augus. Berm. de jtnnnni '?^Another reason -priir the CattoUc Churoli »-*o*M!r*te«aie Virgin Mary is on account of her 'Btnineut Virtue* and superior sanctity, and e her intimate oonnoction witi iemt Christ. ,iWe aU -mdnut tiiat aanctity entitles a penoo ttto lihe rcspeot an-* veneration of others, ,*iow:,wio ia «o ioly aa the Blessed Mother of ^»p-lif rdf An Archangel, when treating jritb |luir on the Incarnation of the Son of God, and ju&QDX; her, copDmTBnco in the scconuuUnBsnt '-4'tluU igreat' mystery, salute* her as full of ''jrrao-S^anat- tless-Bd among women. ' Hafl full 'ul graotf'-^dr as the Protestant -rersion trans ,il»teaie words, 'Haa thon that art highly ? totmi, -fteliorito wifli Urn, Uee»od*rt tbou nniongwomen. When Goddestinesanyperson for :i particular state He ulwaye bestows on him the pracesneceesai-j- forthatstatc. Now Miny b in-j predestine.! from «U cteruitr for the su preme dignity of Mother of God -the hishe.it dignity to which a crentu« could bo raison - her soul was enriched with graee. that hi-.r sanctity exceeded that of all ineu and augels united Her unonmlleled purity, for tViou.h a mother she did uot cease to be a virgin, her profound humility, her most ardent charity, her prompt obedience to the ilivino decree, hor steadfastness in the service of God, her spotless life, never sullied by the slightest stain of sin; in a word, iho innumerable graces so boun teously besiowel upon her bv vJod. render the Virgin Mary tho moht bv-tutif ul, the most per fect, and the moot exeelleut creature, that ever came from the hands of the Alnii-ihty. If sanctity, then, cnminn-.ids our venerntion aud respect, who will refuse to pay the tribute (if hLs ho:ni-.gc; aud love tf- the ?.?lia.-t.e aud imma culate spouse uf the Holy Ghost-she who is ** full of gra.ee and '* blcssoJ nmonjr wompn,** and whose name all generations fliall hold in beuedictioo. Mary's intinmte connection witli Jiefdirine Sou, our Lord Jesus Chrijt, is a further reason why Catholics venerate and love her. We houor saintlv persons iu proportion as they rrc nearer to God. A martyr who dies for Christ's sake gives the strongest te-- timouy of his love for God, aud must consequently be houored above those who have nut attained this pri vilege. An Apostle, who was intimately as sociated with the Son of God durin-.-- life, who left all to follow Him, who carried the glad tidings of salvation to 'them who sat in darkness and iu the shadow of death,' and who finally laid down his life in testimony of the truth, is still more highly honored, because he is more closely allied to his diviue Master. Xow consider how close and intimate is the connection between Jesus n-nd Mhtv. He is 'the bnne of hor bone, awl th? flesh of her flesh,' for it is of her He took His sacred body and precious blood, which He shed to the last, drop for the redemption of miutind. Sh*- wis ?jtver willingly scim-atcd from Him. She nursed Him in his infaucv ; she il-,1 wiih Him to Kiiypt; sho watched 'over ll'.i i-liil.lhood ; -he iiiui-jered with Him : --'i- b-iiv -poverty withHim; she followed Hiuifr.nu .-itv tne;ty, and fluallv stood a poorauil Jiliire.l Mother at the foot of His i-ros*, while her heart, was piL-n-wl Through with a ..'???../ of .,,:,/. \\\\.f. \ there in no separating the Mo:hej- from liLrbe Joved .Sou. How justly, then! m, r-i .-he en titled to itnr veneration OH ni-uuu1, of her neatness to Jesus ? nut-rur to iioirtor td-1 \ rurtu 31«rj-i.s because (jod din-self has houored her. Tlie iucom-uirablc dignity iif Mother in' God U the frrwiteit and mo»t dxalti'd that H.-avun itself t-oiild bestow upon a i-rcaiui'c. See how elosuiv Blary is as sueiiitod with the Three Persons of the most adorable Triuity. She is, in n very special manner, the adopted daughter of the Eternal Father, (!ie fair Mother of the Son made man, and the chaste spouse of the Holy Ghost. God the Father scuds the Aielian-el Ouliriel to ask her rmissut to bconin the Mother nf the Re deemer of inunkiud: God the Sou dwells withiu her for uim- muiahs -._ aaii G od the Holy honnnsd hy God: G.«l pivdevtiui-d her to be thi* ' tt ni nan whns.* ticcd isliouid oru^li thp head of the Serpent, and from the first moment of her conception lie ad.irocd her s.ml with the b;ai:t-;ou3 rube of jn-inieval iujini-euce. i?he wssa« 'thv lily amuiig the thorns,' tlie dis tinguished favourite of Heaven ; the one daughter of Eve singled out by the Almighty to-b ? the object of the ^rea'cst'huuor* aud the most extraordinary graces aud favors ever bA stowed on a,uy human bcina. Now if God so honored filary oiij^ht not wo to honor hor also, and so he imitator.- of JJira, lil.v most dear chil-hvu. Of i:nurse 1 nocd not tell you. dear Urellu-uu, that lhouf,-li Ivlnrv be pre-eminent in bnr s.-me;ity and dignity,' ' full of grace,' 'liighlr favored' and ' Wesseci among wo men,'' still she jsonlyaiTi.-iturelikouniwlves; infiuitely removed from God and her oiviuc Son, our Lord Jesus Christ, and that it would be a fiiu of die blackest dye and rank idolatry to uAure her. or to give her the honor due only to God. The Catholic Church says anathema to those who would put Mary on 'an ciiuality with \ioi, or Jesus Christ. She is only a wo man, though a very holy woman, infinitely less than God to whose mercy and gooduesa »he is ?uii-iy ii.'tc'ilei for all thus? graces that adorned her pure soul, without uny merit of her own. To sum up then. If it be lawful, as the Apostle ays, to give honor to whnm honor is due ; if it be liirht to pay the tribute, of our respect and vpiicratio* to kinjrs and rulers and uiairisti-ntes and parents and superiors; if it bo lawful to honor the favorite ministers and servants of earthly potentates ; if benefactors of the human race are to be esteemed and loved —then is it also lawful to love, houor, und reverence the Blessed Virgin Mary, the most exalted of God's creatures, the greatest benefactor of thehuniau race that ever lived, her divir.c Son alone e\ cepted, for it is to her we owe the Eodecuierof the world. Hence even a Protestant prelate Dr. Pearson, in his 'Exposition of the Creed,' nould not help saying — 'We cannot bear too reverent a regard' to tho mother of our Lord, so long as we grive her not that worship which is due onto the lord himself.' 3\. Permit mesow, my dear Brethren, to in vite your land attention to the third part of my discourse, viz. — Why do Catholics so earnestly invoke the Virgin Mary and implore her inter cession V I may remark that this portion of my subject opens up the question of the inter cession ana invocation of the Saints. Now the doctrine of tho Catholic Church on this poiut is as follows:— The Catholic Church teaches that the Saints rnigninir with Christ supplicate God ill our behalf, and take a deep interest in our eternal welfare : and that the faithful on earth, conscious of their powerful mediation, may implore their intcrcesssion. .The act whereby we do this is culled imomlion, and the act whereby thev respond to our p.ull is termed mtnm.iim. The Holy Council of Trent thus defined this doctrine:— 'The Saints reigning with Christ otter up their prayers for men to God ; it is {rood and useful to invoke them and to have recourse tq their prayers, help, aud aid, iu order to obtain bsui.tits from God, through Jesus Christ, Hi* Sou, who alone in our only Redeemer and Saviour.' (Session 25,) Vow the Council of Trent only teaches that the practice of praying to the Saints is good and useful, without impDsiug any injunction or command on the faithful to pray to them. In fact, there is no decree of any 'of our Geueral Councils, or ot sjjj- of the Popoe, commanding Catholics to pray to tho }'j?fl?u llsry or any of the Saints ; for the Catholic Ohmoh merely teaches that it is good and useful to no kJ, though not absolutely necasary for each one's salvation. You see now irbit tho doctrine of the Catholic Church is regarding the invocation of the Blessed Virgin and the Saints. It may be summed up as follows ;— She teaches that there is bat one Mediator of rudeiuptiou — our Lord Jesus Chrixt— who alone is our Saviour, and through whose merits alone we obtain all graces and favors from God. That it is Ho glonc who li£s cleansed us from sin ; it is He aloufl who can efficaciously intercede for us in Heaveu; it in from Him alone that our prayers anil other good works derive all their value ; it is through Him alote we hav,i ixica reconciled to the Eternal Father, and hope to reach tlio mansions of everlasting blisa. As to the Vir gin Mary and the other Saints, the Catholic Church teaches that of themselves they uannot confer any grace op henetjt upon us : that they cannot be prayed to as the (fivers of all good gifts ; .that they are depaudcut b.e)ng» ; and that they are to be appealed to (though with greater confidence us being God's special friends) precisely in the same manner, and with the earae feeling, as we appeal to tbo prayers of good end virtuous men on earth. The prayer thte Catholic Church addresses to the oaujta is wholly different from that which she offer* to U«d- 'God and the Saints,' soys the Cateehls%iof the Council of Trent, 'are not*! be prayed to Jc the «arae manner ; for we pray to txoi that. He yould give us good things and deliver ok from evil thjjsg* ' but we beg of tbe Saint*, because they are pleasing -o God, that they would bo oar intercessors, and obtain from -iod what we ftand in need of.' Hence we employ pgotormicf prayer differing from each other in their j^ode of address : to Gid tcemy — 'Have -piercy on ne;' to fto Sai t« and Uu. Virgin Mary— 'Pray for us.' Now, my dear BraUiraa, I ahoold like that those who condemn this practice of the Oathplio Church would explain why it is lawful to ask the prayers of our friends on . earth ,-.thougli they msy be poor sinners like ourselves, and Hulmr/al to ask the prayers of the Saints in heaven. Why is it that our friend's interces sion may be good ana profitable to us while ha is on earth ; but that it is of no avail to confide in his prayers when he is received into heavenf What a sweet and holy thing it is to pray for one another. We all know what value tho glorious St. Paul set on tbe prayors of bis fel low Christians. How pleasing to God to set a poor iunoceut child olfer prayers to Jlim in behalf of its beloved parents ! If the prayel of man on behulf of his fellow-man be good and profitable and does not infriuxe on th» mediatorship of Cbrist, why should not the prayers of the Blessed Virgin and of the Saints iu heaven be p:ood and useful also, and not interfere with the mediatorial office of Christ' If the iuterccssiou of the SaintB bo condemned ou the ground that it encroaches on tho me* diatorsbip of Christ, then must all intercession cease, eveu among the living. The truth ill so-ne people confound two things that are quit* distinct— they say we have hut one Modiator. Very true. We have but one sole Mediator of yi:iirin}}tion aud reconcifititiGU. our Lord Josufe Cnrist, who is our unly Saviour, our Advocate with the Father, and the propitiation for our sins. But wo hare as many mediators o prayer with God as there are men, women, and children on oarth, aud Angels aud SainU in1 heaveu, though their intercession derives all its pflicaey from tbe iotmifc merits of Jeaoi Christ. I conclude, therefore, it is just as ri-RsnjiaHe aud as right to ask the prayers of; the (Saints in he a von as to ask the prayers of our fellow- creatures on earth ; for I fail to see any essential difference, between the two acm which would roudor tbo one vain and super tiitiouii, and the other and and prnftaiXt. ' Hi' w affecting,' says Bishop Trovern,_'M the recommendation of Englishmen to onfl, another's prayer.-*, and how it savours of nn '. cicntaud primitive manners. But, alas! them' people do uot hesitate to beg prayers from me, i a poor uud miserable sinner, full of imperfco fectiouR, aud loaded, Gi-d knows, with so many sins; and they would consider it a crime to bsir the prayers and intercessions of the Saints in heaven. They pronounce me highly criminal in addressing tbe Saints the same invneation,' and treat it as vain, superstitious, aud some thing even idolatrous : ' ; But do the Angels and Saints iu heaven, does tbe holy Virgin Mary, pray for usf. Thnt the Saints uud Angels pray for »s, and. that their prayers are heard by God, wo have' the strongest proof from the Old Testament aud the Now. In the Old Testament v e art frequently told that the Angela are employed in making intercession on behalf of man. In the book of Tobias we road that the Angel Raphael, when he makes himself known to Tobias, tells him ' When he prayed with tears, aud buried the dead, and left his dinner ant hid the dead by day in his house, and bury them by nisrht, he offered his pruyarg to the IjOrd.' (Tub., chap. 12 v. 12.) Theprophet Zaohariah represents an Angel praying thru for the inhabitants of Jerusalem— ' Oli Lord of Hosts, how loug wilt Thou uot have mercy ou Jerusalem and the cities of Judah against which Thou liast had indijrnation.' . . . And the Lord answered the Angel that had talked with me good worda and comfortable words. ... I will return to Jerusalem with mercies, my house shalt be built in it.' (Z:ich. chap. I. v. 12 10.) Iu the Second Book of Maclmbees (chap. 15 v. 12 15) is narrated the celebrated vision of Judos Macabcua — ' Now the vision was in this manner -Onias who had been a high priest . . . holding up his hands prayed for all the people of the Jews. And after this there appeared also an other man, admirable for age and jrlory, and environed with groat beauty and majesty. Then Oniua answering said— This is a Iorer of his brethren aud of the people of Israel, this is he that prayeth much for the people, and for the holy city, Jeremias, the prophet of God. ' Now, as Onias aod Jerctnina lind be&ti; dead lorn; b-.foro, this vision prove* that the oeipl' nf Gnd, under the Old Law, firmly be lieved that the departed Saints pray-ed for their brethren. 1 urn awnre that the First and Second Books of Machabcca, as also the Book of Tobias, are not rceosmised by the Protes tant Church as Canonical Scripture; bub I cite these passages as /liiforical tatimnny. snowing Liie oetici oi tne Jews on tnis subjoot. I might cite other passages from the Old Tes tameut to prove that it was the belief of the Jewish Church that the Blessed Spirits inter ceded for thoui in heaven. Let us now ex amine the New Tastameul tor proofs of the Our Redeemer sriys ' There shall be joy in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety-nine just persons who need no reaentauce,' (Lnlte, chap. ]5v. 7.) From this 'it follows that the Saints aud Angela know when a poor sinner repents, and that they rejoice st bis conversion aud are conse quently interested in hi? eternal welfare Id the Book of the Apocalypse or Revelation we find a clearer and more explicit statement of this doctrine. St. John says that when the lamb opened tbe book ' the four beasts and the four and twenty elders fell down before the lamb, having everyone harps and golden vUls fullo odours which aro the prayers of Saints.' (Rev., chap. 6 v. 8.) It matters not whether tbe Saints mentioned here were or were not still on earth. In either case then- prayers are ottered to God by the elders in heaven. Airara lie says in the 8th chap., v. 3— 'Another Anye! came and stood at tbe altar having a golden censer, and there was given unto him much in cense that ho should uller it with the prayers of all Saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne. And the smoke of the incense, which came with the prayers of the Saints as cended ud before God out of the Angel's, hand.' Here again an Angel is represented' as offering to God the prayers of the Sainla, and such an oblation is an act of intercession. What need is there of quoting other passages of the Scriptures to prove a doctrine which has been universally and constantly belieVB iu the Church inncc the Apostolic times. To? a.cLS oi tuu uany jiiarryrs, ttuu the *in Bcriptionn written over the tombs of those who' shed their blood for Jc?u* Christ, as preserved^ in the Catacombs, abouud in testimonies p our doctrine. St. Ignatius, a disciple of St. Jnhn the Evangelist, tells us that ho saw il Mattyr in a vision after death ' praying for us.' The ?I'Aois'1 of th.e Martyrn of Soilla (Anno. 902) speak of them asmtorocdiiiiafter. deith before the Lord. Thoaditus before hia; death says — 'In heaven I will oonfidendyi' pray for you to God.' (Ruinart 'Act Mart.' ed. Jiitish. p. 38t.) It is useless to add other passages. All the Fathers of the Church teach fjjeeame doctrine. The doctrine is believed and jrofi,sf;ed by the Greek Church and all $h» se-te of tlie Itast, ui ircjl as by the Githolio Chirch. In fact, there is tjardly a doctrine thi:t has bceu so universally and .constantly believed by Christians from the daysot the Apostles to our time as the doctrine that it 1m a (jood and holy practice to ask the prayer! of -: the Saints in heaven, aud that they make in tcr.icsiiion iu our bohalf with Qai. , ? Itiniiy bo asked how do the Saints in heaven, how does the Virgin Mary, know when we pray to them or to her ': In reply, I answer as no one kiiuws the extent of that light and knowledge which illumine the Saints iir hoareu, so no one can tell by what precise iuc-H.ua God is pleased to make our prayers known to tiiom. T')P fact that the Saints do b,eav tint prayers has teon alwayB Relieved \fr the children of the Churcl), but how, ox in what manner they do so, is a philosophical or theological question concerning which we have no certainty. The royal Prophet speaking of heaven eaya— 'With. Thee is the foundation of life; iu Tb,y Kijht sIjbII vs sea lirtf-P And St. Paul states that r! NVjif wjs see. thruujjh a glass darkly, but then face to face J ipjv I know is part, but then I shall know even as also I am known.' (I Oor., ohap. 13 %. 12.) In frnne way, then, knonn to them, bift iw* known to oe, God reveals to the 8ainhi t})« pray lts of those who invoke their intercession. Modern theologians generally hold tbnt the blcssud £ceiu God, asinamirrar, xUthkinaatf* cerns them to know of earthly things. ?? ' ? ? ? As it is, tt)eu,my dear Brethreu, good ud' useful to invoke tl£ Saints and beg thejr iptet cessiua, let' us yo «-itU ceu^d«iij» \\-T&itj;, who?] interccssitm is so powertnl with-Jod- She U so dear and acceptable to God thatJH» will refuso her nothing: ' The piuye.es of the Saints arp tbe fmrera of aernuitxj 'btit the pwyen'of Jfaijr orp fteprayerattf ;«^oHwf If a son will hsten to ;tho vpice of his mother when he is deaf to all-others, are we for a moment to imagine that .Jesus, the best and ?ost loviag of sons, will turn away from Mary and deny her petition!'* He was obedient to her on earth, and her power of obtaining what ?he asked of Him was very great ; now that die is entiironei as the queen of heaven, will Be refuse her any request,; or deny her. any favor P You cannot, tJiecefore, my dear Breth ren, do better than invoke holy Mary in all your paoesttties, in every danger, and in every temptation. She herself has predicted that all generations shall call her blessed, a prophecy that has been literally fulfilled, iu the Catholic Church ; fpr from tbe rising of the sun to the going down of the same the name of Mary it blessedin every Catholichome. In conclusion, let me exhort you, in the words of the great St. Bernard, 'to think of Mary, to call on Mary, in all your dangers, distresses, and per plexities. Let her not depart from your mouth : let her not depart from your heart. And that you -may obtain the suffrage of her prayers, sever deviate from her example. Whilst you follow her, you never go astray ; whilst you impjore her aid, you never sink in dospairj ?linn vnu thinlr 'nn lim*. vmi nnrnr wiinder - mudtar her patronage, you licvcr fail ; under Der.proteotiou, you need not fear; she being Tour guide, you will sat be wearied.' Oh, Holy V irgiu '. who would refuse to leve, honor, aad venerate you! for in honoring you we honor God, whoso grace shines forth so mar vellously io your sin loss life. On this great day of thy grlorious triumph, we congratulate . theo ! Deign to look with oyos full of pity on us, thy po»r, afflicted children, weeping and lamenting in this valley of tears. Fray for us, O Holy Mother ot God '. now and at the hour of our death. Amen. 