South Singleton Municipal Meeting- ALDfSRMAttrC cur. (BT SUKfiT ANCUOB.) Of: tho six nags entered for tho big municipal event, "Cedar-door," by Sawbench, out of Sawmill, seems to havo boon first favourite for souio time post, bat at present is not up to the mark, having boon, by the last deputa tion, rather over-worked. His condition is not so good na it should be ; never theless, there is just timo for him to re cover, and with a little care by Ins, trainer, Coal Uas, and knowing that lie has done ! a splendid two/inilo- on tho,'? Buffalo track, I shall expoot hitn to run a good second—if not first, " Inspector," by Railway Lino, out of Fntler, is in tip-top form, and is doing' splendid timo on tho Fetler'a track. There can bo little doubt of his gotting first past tho post, unless" Cedar door " improves moro than I expect. I should cortuinly advise all my roadors to snap up all the odd.-) against him.' ' ; ? " Uuildor," by Weatherboard, out of Spotted Giim, has a remarkably neat, appearanca, but I am nfraid he is slightly under trained, and will hayo. some difficulty to stay the whole way. I would not adviso my friends to lay moro thnu 3 to 2 against him. , " Blacksmith," by llorsoshoer, ont of Wrought Iron, is a smart colt, but his performances on tho Gould track did not please me, and unless bo can do the distance some seconds faster, you are ccrtain in laying 10 to 1 against bias for a plftC'.i. " Small Shop,'' by Washerwoman, out of Lollypop. This lilly's condition will have to improve like lightning before I'd take 100 lo lon her. And a word to old Nat—you had better scratch him. Tho other nog is " Pumper," by Rail way I'ump, out of Kailway Tank. This horso has not a ghost of u t-how. lie's a treuiondous wiry old jokor, but if ever ho finds his way into the straight track, training and condition are very deceitful. Uon't put a crown on him; but rest j assured that tho following is the order they will fiuish :— Inspector 1 Cedar-door 2 Builder 8 Blacksmith 4 Small Shop... 5 Pumper Nowhoro 