, A 'MiHJySTJaHOST. So muoh baa tcon saul lately rogarcling the spirit world, and of warnings through super, natural agency, that I may bo accused of writing on a worn-out subjeob. However, in Bpita of this, it may interest many to heat tha following strange occurrence which nappeneu in u wen uluwu uuuiij nuutc j« s«io ago, and which was related to mo by my friend Mr. — — , on tho strict condition ol my suppressing names and dates should I ever wish to repeat ifc. I will toll you tho story aa near as possible In this gentleman's own words : — « Two or throe months aftor marriage I took my young wife down to my nlac* in the north of Scotland to spend tho Now Year, it having been a timo honored custom in our family to do so. Though the w^athor was bittsrly oold wo all managed to enjoy our selves, and my wife, who was only lady amongst us, was in excellent spirits and tbo lifo of the party. Late in tho evening of New Yearns Day wo gentlemen wero amusing our selves in the billiard room (it mu^fc havo been nearly twelve o'clock), when ^ I was sur« prised to hear Violet's voice calling mo from above, she having retired some time before. On going up to her room, sho informod mo that she had been much astonished by hoar, ing the tinkle of slcdgo bells, and that on opening her window she had seen one quickly approaohing, drawn by a magnificent pair of black horses, and that it had pulled up im mediately under her window. It waa a lovely moonlight night, so sho had leant out to sse if aha could recognise tho occupant of tho sledge. As oho did so he raised his head and looked ber straight iu the face, when she discovered he was a perfect stranger. 'What Violet considered most extraordinary^ was, that on meeting'her oye, ho held up his left hand and shook his head solemnly, then giving rein to his horses rapidly disappeared down tho avenue. My wife was naturally anxiouB to discovDi who this . myBteriouB stranger could bo, and had called mc up to see if I knew. She described him as being quite young, but with snow-white hair, pierc ing black eyes, a black moustache, and com pletely wrapped in eable3. ^ I being well ac quainted with all my neighbours iar and near, felt quite certain that he was not one of them, and the only conclusion wo could como to was uu wuu bumu town who wished to astonish tho natives with such a hitherto unher.rd-of conveyanco as a sledge. I asked her if sho was quite sura she had not been dreaming, when she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake in her life, having at the time been sitting up writing a most import ant letter. When I related my wife'a story in tho billiard room, one of my convivial friends suggested that we ohould all sally forth in a body aud search the ground for the unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to he given a drink. We all actod on thia idea with alaority, any small excitement always being eoceptable in a country house. In the mean time the weather had completely ^changed, audit had commenced io snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for our not baing able to discover traces of the sledge. 'We soon got tired oi the search, agreeing that the mysterious btrangcr had discovered he was trespassing, and Had maie tho bsst of his way home. The next day Violet appeared rather an noyed when wo chaffed abouVhcr melancholy visitor of tha previous night, and seeing that it wao not welcome we soon dropped the aub jeni, and in fact forgot it. That evening, as we mon had just deoided on separating for tho night, \lha dopr of the smokiagroom burst open, and, to ray intense surprise, my wife rushed in, her# dressing gown thrown on, hor hair all dishevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly Beemed to know what she was doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair, gasping out : ' He has come again I' Seeing that she was really affected, I hastened to get her a glass of wine, and begged her to give mo full par ticulars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had slept soundly until awakened by the sound of approaching sledge bells, then starting up,, had thrown on her dressing gown and rushed to the window, where eho discovered tho sledge had been brought to a standstill at exactly the samo spot as on tha previous night. On her appo8rai.ee the driver, looking up at her steadfastly, bad raised his hand and shaken his head in pre cisely the same warning manner os before. Not waiting for more, and filled with name less terror, the poor little woman bad rushed down to me in this excited condition. We all felt most indignant at what wo began to think was a very impertinent practical joke, and, confiding my wife to the care of her maid, rushed out with tho intention of finding and making it hot for the perpetrator. We ran out eagerly ; the night was dear and frosty, the ground was covored with Bnow, although none had fallen since the morning, and I confess that I experienced quite a shook when, on arriving beneath my wife's window, we discovered the snow waa com pletely undisturbed, and there was not the faintest trace of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house some what subdued, and talked tho matter well over, when we came to the conclusion that there must be something queer, about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife oould be the victim^ of any Buch delusion. Therefore we unanimously decided on keeping a watoh in tho billiard room — which was immediately beneath Violet's room — on the following night, and wait for what might occur. In the mean time we had agreed not to mention the sub* jeot to my wife, and the next day, she not appearing at all inclined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Some time after she had retired for the night, we, being fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to the billiardroom to commence our vigil, where we turned down the gas and drew up the bHnds, and wero all on the qui vive for anything that might happen. The silenos was becoming monoton ous, when suddenly it was broken by a pierc ing shriek, and the sound of a heavy fall. Rushing up to my wife's room, from whence it had proceeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in her evening dross, with her window wide open. It was a long time before ber maid, whom I found in the room, oould restore her to consciousness, and even then she seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, ' Why does ho come ? What does he mean ?' The maid aftorwards informed me that she had been requested by her mistress to remain in her room with her until her master came up, and she had stated Bho did not intend un nnftl thoiv TTpr IftfW flf.nnr) wrapped in o shawl for a long timo_ at the window, and appeared to be listening in tently for something sho expected. Sud denly sho had given a violent start, and leaning out of the window, had excitedly oalled the maid to her Bide, ond asked her in a trembling voice whether sho oould not see anything oomiug up the avenue or hear the tinkle of bells. It waa a still moon light night, almost as light as day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, declared she could seo or hear nothing, and had only juBt turned from tho wirnlow when she was horrified to seo her mistress stagger back wards aud fall fainting to tho ground. Tho violent shock that ray wife had recoived to hor nervous system resulted in a long and serious illness, and aa aoon as Ehe could be moved I took her on the continent, whero sho shortly recovered her health and spirits. Wo neither of ub ever alluded to tho cause of hor illness, she feeling peculiarly sensitive on tho subject, and resenting my having treats^ it as an hallucination.- Tnmi!;li appircntly - forgotten by ua both, I did- no' connHcr it judicious to spend tho coming New Year in Scotland, and* wo therdtirn on laying a long-promisod viais.to St. Petcr-ibm « w i«r« I had many intimate friemls in I nil luntial circles. On our arrival, they all'vfed with oaoh other in showing'' us hojpitility, my wife was immensely admired, and h^r vivacity and wit inado her very popu'ar,. Just b iforo our intended departure one of leaders ':f society arranged n ball' in our honor, to which Violet looked forward with great plonnite, and made most elaborate preparations. Whon tho night ot this fete arrived, and inywifi entered the -room dressed for the ball, I thought I had never seen her look so lovely, with that look of joyous anticipation on her oountonanco that a beautiful woainn nlsvnyd wears when sho i3 suro of hor triumphs. Daring our nhort drive to tlio Hotd ? , our destination , Bho amused me by her almost childish anticipation ot the coming enjoy ment. On arriving thoro Bho ascended the steps on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, but just as we wera about to enter the door she turned her head as if violently startled. I folt her trembling from head to foot, her face was deadly pale, and her eyea wero fixed on the spot from which our car | riage had just moved. On my onquiring the reason of her agitation, she excitably ex claimed, 'Look there !' pointing to the foot of the steps. When I declared 1 saw nothing, Bho seemed completely unnerved, ond im plored me to tako her home. Poor Violet clung to mo closely, passionately exclaiming that if I did notrlo so at once she knew she would die, and, finding remonsir.ince only in creased her distress, I thought it best to do as sho wished. Whilst in tho carriage I could not get an explanation, as my wife Beemed thoroughly prostrate, and on our arrival I had to support her into her room. There, when she appeared hotter, I requested her to explain her extraordinary conduct. In an awed, almost soared voice Violot informed m3 that on entering tho Hotel ? she had heard tho sound of sledge bells, and on turn ing to seo who had arrived, had perceived the samo mysterious man who had caused her so much terror tho prcviouB year in Scotland. There he was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and using tho same warning gestures. I tried to reason with her and im press upon hor the great offence her absence would probably cause on such an occasion. For some time she was quite impracticable, but seeing at last how much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made a great effort and consented to return with me, All tho samo I felt quite grieved to notice what change this strange occurrence had made in her, the shrinking, pale lady I was now conducti-ig to tt»=i carriage being indeed a very different person to tho brilliant, joyoua beauty, of a short timo before. Just as we wero about to sot foot in the carriage a terrible explosion was heard, and a fow minutes later tha fearful newa lisd circulated through the oity that the Hotel ? , whoro tho ball was being given, had beou blown to the ground (it was supposed by Nihilists), ond not a soul there had escaped. 