Baptist Church, Hinton. The above church, which has been without a resident pastor for some time, held a tea and public meeting on Tuesday evening to welcome Mr. C. Stark, who had accepted the pastorate, and who had been labouring for nearly a month in the place. There was a special service on Sunday morning, when the Rev. Seth Jones, of Newcastle, preached, taking as his subject " Believers' baptism," after which the ordinance of baptism was administered to the pastor elect. On Tuesday evening a large gathering assembled in the School of Arts to welcome the new pastor. The hall had been tastily decorated with foliage and flowers, and the tables, bountifully laden with good things usually found at such meetings, were also garnished with admirably arranged bouquets of flowers After tea the seats were arranged for the public meeting, and the hall was soon filled, the audience including members of the different Protestant denominations in the town and district. The chair was to have been filled by Mr. W. H. Holmes, but he was unable to be present, and Mr. E. Higgs, a visitor from the mining town- ships, was called upon to preside, and when he had to leave Mr. S. Mansfield took the position. The addresses of the different speakers were interspersed with hymns rendered very effectively by a choir under the conductorship of Mr. C. S. Boag. After the meeting had been opened with singing and prayer, The CHAIRMAN, after apologising for the absence of the Rev. Dr. Boag and the Rev. Mr. Barnett, said he had very great pleasure in being present at that meeting to give a welcome to his friend, Mr. Stark, which they gave him in a most hearty manner. Directly he entered the room he saw the motto "Welcome," but he had seen it before that. He saw it in their eyes, in their beaming counten- ances, in their bountifully-spread tables. He saw that welcome printed everywhere, even in the pots outside, which were not boiling (laughter). He was not in favour of long speeches, and whatever was done he believed his esteemed brethren would do well, thoroughly and shortly, and he believed they would not forget it. He congratulated them on the choice they had made in his friend Mr. Stark (hear, hear). He had laboured in the same field with him, and he was fervently convinced that their choice was a good one. His friend Mr. Stark had not accepted the office in a hurry. He was thoroughly convinced that it was the will of God that he should be over them. They should remember that he was only a man. They should not expect anything great or glorious. He came there with a message, which was a glorious one. If he talked to them of the stars, be would come down to the " bright Morning Star " if he spoke of geology, he would come round to the Rock of Ages ; if he introduced botany, it would bring him to the Root out of a dry ground, for wherever he began he would end at the cross of Christ. He thought the Hinton people were judges of preaching. If they wanted poor preaching, they might easily get recipes for it. One was not to pay their minister too much salary ; then tell him that his preaching was no good, and tell him what a good man his predecessor was - they would be sure then to get bad preaching. They wanted good preaching and to get that, do not only listen attentively to his sermons, but let the minister see that they did listen. Look him in the face and let him see that they took an interest in what he said. There should be unity in the pew as well as in the pulpit, and if there was that God would bless them, their souls would be blessed and His glory would be accomplished. The SECRETARY (Mr. D. Todd) then read the following report: Secretary's Report in connection with the Baptist Church, Hinton, November 16,1886. The period of 30 year has just elapsed since the first tea meeting was held in connection withi the Baptist denomination of Hinton. A welcome tea was given to our old and venerable deceased brother, the Rev. Philip Lane, in the old Temperance Hall, on the 10th September, 1856, when as the result from 250 to 300 persons sat down to tea. The Temperance Hall was at was at that time used as a place of worship in connection with the Baptist denomination. An effort, however, was speedily put speedily put forth, and the present church erected and opened on 17th September 1857. Many difficulties have been encountered during the past 29 years of her existence ; but she bas bravely weathered the storms, and stands at the present day, though not as prosperous as we wish, yet in hope of brighter days to dawn upon her. Many happy times have been experienced by many hearts within her walls. Some have left for other parts of the district, a few are still in the work, and some have been transplanted to the church triumphant. The Rev. Philip Lane preached his first sermon in the Temperance Hall on the 3rd August, 1850 ; the number present in the morning being 150, evening 200. The services were improved after that in a marked character, character in the attendance, which prompted the brethren to come together to consider the most advisable course to take, when it when it was decided to make an offer of ยฃ150 for the Temperance Hall, which was at that time tor sale. Mr. John Newman was was authorized to undertake the matter. Providing the Temperance Hall could not be purchased for that amount, two other brethren were appointed to wait upon Mr. Robert Household, to remind him of a promise made on a previous occasion of a grant of land upon which to erect a church, and to ascertain whether he was then prepared to hand over the land the land according to promise. Mr. Household said that he was willing to hand over the land for the purpose of erectlug a church and minister's residence, and that it should be placed at the disposal of the denomination at any time. The Temperance Hall could not be bought for the sum offered, but was rented by the brethren until such time asa ohui cb. could be erected, the rent being 6s per week. An effort was at once made to erect a church and minister's residence, and three brethren appointed to superintend the building, &c;, and as and as stated the church was opened on 17th September, 1857. During the ministry of the Rev. Philip Lane and the Rev. Ebenezer Henderson the church membership reached '20. Circumstances Circumstances however, arising, under which we have no control, caused many to leave the district, making a vast decrease of members in the Hinton church, whilst other churches in other parts of parts of the colony have reaped the benefit. Since the opening of this church we have had several ministers, the Rev. Phillp Lane Lane being the first who accepted the pastorate, after one mouth's trial, in September, 1856. This good old brother laboured in this sphere with success until the year 1860. when he resigned resigned and took charge of West Maitland and Newcastle churches respectively, having for his successor at Hinton church the Rev. E. Henderson, who arrived in Hinton in January, 1861. This warm-hearted old brother laboured amongst us with with much success spiritually, and was used in the hands of God in leading many to a saving knowledge of the truth, when the ill-health of Mrs. Henderson caused the necessity of Mr. Mr Henderson's removal from Hinton after a period of nearly eight years as a pastor of this church. The Rev. E Henderson having resigned the pastorate of the church in September, 1867, the church was deprived of the ordinary pastorate until the commencement of February, 1868 when as the result of a lengthy correspondence and several personal interviews, the interviews Rev. Philip Lane, the first pastor of the church, resumed the office of pastor on the 2nd of February, 1868, and continued in that position until April 1871, when he resigned and removed to the church of Bathurst, where he was removed by death. The Rev. John Ingram, after having supplied on probation for about two months, became the pastor of this church on the 10th August 1871, and labored amongst us for nearly three years when he resigned was removed to the Newcastle Church in June, 1874. The Rev. John Lyttle was then recommended to us by the Baptist Union of New South Wales, and supplied on trial for trial one month when he received an invitation to the pastorate of the Church, and commenced his ministry on the 16th August, August 1874, maintaining that position until the 13th May 1877 when he preached his farewell sermons. The Baptist Union was again written to, and the Rev. W. R Harvison sent on trial for one month, and was called to the pastorate of the Church, August 26th, 1877. Mr Harvison remained with us for five for five years and five months, when he was compelled through ill-health to remove to another sphere of labour. A farewell tea waa given to Mr. Harvison, on the 20th March, 1888. The Rev. Sydney Hotson being recommended by the Baptist Union to the Church, settled amongst on tho 5th August 1883 and preached his farewell sermon the last Sabbath in December, 1885. The Church has since been without a Pastor, but not without a preacher; through the untiring efforts of our Brother, Richard Ingram, the church has been supplied every Sabbath when weather permitted, and at the latter end of last month our Brother C. Stark, whom we welcome amongst us tonight accepted the invitation to become our Pastor; and, we feel grateful to Almighty God, the Great Head ol the Cimrcb, Church that he has again placed in our midst an under shepherd to guard his flock, and to minister to us those things which we need to build up the Church in the faith of the Gospel and to win the lost sinners to th th the the the Saviour. And in conclusion let me remind my fellow workers in this part of God's vineyard, that our Pastor needs the help ol us all ; of us all to be successful, we must uphold our brother in the arms of faith and prayer, and in so doing blessings will eventually -follow, and God's name be glorified in our midst. The services at the out-stations are well-attended and en- encouraging, especially Oakendale and Clarence Town, which places have been neglected since the latter end of December, 1885, until last Sabbath week, when our Brother C. Stark held Stark held his first services, about 40 being present at Oakendale, and about 100 at Clarence Town, which gave Mr. Stark great encouragement At Eskdale the congregation numbers about 40, and supplied once a fortnight by our denominatiou. Submitted in Christian Love. D. TODD, Hon. Sec. The Rev. RICHARD INGRAM said he had been coming among them off and on for 16 years, and it was his duty to give way to others they did not hear so often, especially as some had to leave early. It gave him great pleasure to know that his brother Stark and Mrs. Stark were coming to settle amongst them. He believed they would never regret the day. It would be a happy and prosperous day for the Baptists, and he believed for all Christians in that locality. One of the highest characters they could have of Mr. Stark was that he was highly esteemed by the denomination and congregation he had just left, and no doubt they had done their best to retain him. They might see that was the case when one gentleman said, *' If you leave us Mr. Stark and go to the Baptists all deno- minations will look down upon you." He thought that was proof of the high estimation in which he was held. To give him an idea of the number of those he now allied himself more closely to, he would give him some figures of the position of their body in America. He had not the statistics of England. According to the American Baptist Year Book of 1886 the asgregate numbers were 38,953 churches and 2,572,238 members - not hearers mind, but members showing an increase during the last year of 354 churches and 64,485 members. The baptisms last year were 135,840, and the deaths 26.186. There were 16,191 ordained ministers in the United States, of whom 310 were ordained last year. There were four Baptist ministers chaplains in the Army, and five in the Navy. The Sunday Schools numbered 12,550, with 34,260 officers and teachers, and 858,969 scholars, an increase of 1556 schools, 11,179 officers and teachers, and 66,189 scholars. That would give him some idea of their numbers, and afford Brother Stark, in trying hours of depression, the consola- tion of knowing that he formed part of a great and grand body of Christians. The Rev. SETH JONES, of Newcastle, said it afforded him great pleasure indeed in being with them that evening, and in welcoming his brother and he did not know why they should not call him the Rev. Mr. Stark-as well as Sister Mrs. Stark to their town. He thought Mr. Stark had as much right to be called reverend as he (the speaker) had - and they had called him reverend for 16 years-as they had called him to the church, and he had accepted the charge of it-(applause) and he hoped he would prove him- self worthy of the title. As a Baptist Church they had the privilege of inviting whoever they pleased. They recognised no head but the Lord Jesus Christ, and He only discloses Himself in things spiritual and religious. They believed in a church independent of all synods, conferences or unions the right of their own members to settle their own affairs-that was the belief they had accepted, and hence that church had invited brother Stark with- out consulting Newcastle, and they were not offended. For some time they were in love with Mr. Stark, and he supposed he was now in love with them. Love could not exist long on the one side, and whether that was the marriage between them as pastor and people or it was yet in the future, be wished them success and prosperity. Reference had been made to their position. In New South Wales they were not strong, but they were growing and getting strength every year. Things that were growing if they lived long enough to develop their growing powers became larger. Though all present were not Baptists they were sympathisers or they would not be there to make that welcome a glorious success. Of the increase last year in the colony, one-third had been in the Northern district, and he gave God the glory when he said that increase was in the church over which he presided. 166 had been the increase in the colony last year, and of that number 65 or 59 had been the increase in the Newcastle church. He hoped the settlement of Mr. Stark would be a great help to them, and he had no doubt it would. They wanted more union as Christians, to see each other and to work together in the spreading of the Gospel and God's cause. Country churches though small, grew stronger and more vigorous and healthy Christians that city churches did. In the same way that people in the country were healthier than those of the town, so country Christians were healthy and more vigorous. He instanced Spurgeon, Dr. Parker, Dr. Beecher, Robert Hall, John Foster, and almost all the great men of the present day had been brought up in small country churches, which was an encourage- ment of the work that might be done in a small church like that. He pointed out that their pastor was a preacher, it was as such that they had invited him, and God had ordained that the world should be saved by the preaching of the gospel. There was a tendency on this day to under-estimate preach- ing. It was thought to be something to take effect on the minds of the unexperienced and ignorant, but had no power or influence with the enlightened and intelligent. That was a grand mistake. The preaching of the gospel was the greatest power in the world at the present day. Their brother was a preacher. Theirs was not a religion of rites and ceremonies, and their minister should not bo a priest. It was not a system of metaphysical science and their minister was not a philosopher. It was a system of all divine and main facts, and their ministers were to be preachers, witnesses, to bear testimony as to what they saw and heard ; to go into the world and preach. He might and ought to visit the sick, the widows and the orphans, but his great work was preaching, and nothing would keep a congregation together in a country or town but good preaching. That the world was not so good as in times gone by was because preaching had deteriorated. The world had got rather tired of preaching, and began to think that, if they liad grand organs, splendid choirs, and elaborate edifices| they could do without preaching. They had tried those things and sent the preacher away. They might fill the pulpit with a gentleman and a scholar, but if he was not a preacher he would send the people away. They should make the minister's work easy. He pointed out that good preaching must be the result of study and preparation, and they should sympa- thise with him and show their interest in him. He pointed out the responsibilities a minister fell under and his fear of not fulfilling them, and urged them to let the minister see himself among them without fear. ' Let their countenances, their manner, their words give him hope and strength. It was important that they should have inspiration, earnestness, honesty in the pulpit, and it was equally important that they should have them in the pew. He rpferred to people going to church to sleep or to study their hymn book or their revised version, and compared them to a person being invited out to dinner taking their dinner with them. If they always attended and showed their interest, no doubt success and prosperity would be theirs. He prayed God's blessing on them. A collection was here taken up. Mr. S. MANSFIELD expressed his pleasure at being present that evening, first at seeing so many present, and secondly to welcome Mr. Stark to Hinton. Ho had known him for upwards of three years, and many instructive conversations they had had together. He had found in his friend every- thing to qualify him for the position as pastor of the Baptist Church of Hinton. Ho wished him as an individual and as pastor every success, and the people also both pecuniary and spiritually. He believed Mr. Stark would do much good in Hinton, and he believed he had the sympathy of the majority of the people. He trusted the people would assist him, and hold up his hands in prayer to the throne of grace. He referred to the glorious work of preaching the truth as it was in Christ Jesus, and asked their sympathy with their pastor in that work, and if they did he might be not only popular but the means of bringing hundreds of souls to cling to Christ, and after surmounting many difficulties, he may look back with satisfaction on his work. May God bless the town and there bo many sound conver- sions. Notwithstanding the many difficulties-the attacks of infidels and sceptics, and the presence of men creeping in detrimental to its progress, there was a glorious future before the church. There should be unity, or they could not conquer the foe. The Rev. Mr. PRITCHARD, Primitive Methodist, Morpeth, said it afforded him great pleasure to respond to the call, and to bespeak the encourage- ment and sympathy of those engaged in the work in Hinton. He had great pleasure, as a Primitive Methodist, in standing there and welcoming Mr. Stark. Ho looked upon him as a Primitive Methodist baptised. He was glad to know there was a growing feeling of more unity in the various churches. He expressed his pleasure at seeing a man have the courage of his views, and was glad to see Primitive Methodists and other dissenting de- nominations there to welcome him. He referred to the feeling for union. People thought their own church the best, and he hoped they would continue to do so, and to throw more energy and zeal into the work. He asked for Mr. Stark their prayers, and let there be peace and concord among them- selves. He hoped as years went by that numbers would be added to their church and the grand church of God, and that when they had done with all mysteries and trials here thev would be welcomed by the King of Kings and Lord of Lords with " Enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." Mr. ISAAC BREWER, of Thalaba, had great pleasure at being present that night and welcoming Mr. Stark into their midst. He had long felt that that mission should be filled up between them and the Newcastle church. He hoped he would soon visit their church in the wilderness, when they would give him a welcome as well as the people of Hinton. He pointed out that every church needed to bo built up with living souls, and if they wished it they should meet together and ask God to pour out His Holy Spirit upon the people. He dwelt upon the importance of the people meeting unitedly together and praying to God. Success had attended such gatherings at Thalaba as well as at Hinton. If they wished their pastor to. succeed they should listen to him but above all let there be no tale- bearing. Hold him up before the world and en- courage him when they met together every Sabbath morning, and unite with him in bearing testimony as to what God had done for them. Their minister must lay down a course of action for himself, and if it did not accord with their views try and fall in with it, as it may be the way God desires. If the people and minister were united they would prevail over infidelity and scepticism. He referred to his own labours and the success at Thalaba, and while urging them to be humble as children, they should be strong in the faith, "be of good courage," and "quit themselves like men." He again urged them to be united, and agreed with women taking part in the work, and pointed out that the united prayer meetings was a suitable place in which to bear their testimony. The Eev. C. STARK said it was with mingled feelings that he rose to respond to their hearty invitation and welcome. Almost the first thing he saw on entering the room was "Welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Stark," and the response of his heart was "May God make me worthy of the welcome you have given me." He felt the responsibility, and knew his own weakness, but he would tell them this : he did not come in his own strength ; of him- self he was nothing ยก God forbid that he should come before dying men of himself. He came before them with the dying Lord's orders, and hid himself behind the dying Christ. They had called him to be their minister, and he had come to labour with them. He offered them his hand, and with it his heart and energy ; but he expected the same from them. If they wanted to be successful they must help him, and as soon as they saw he was not the right man in a Christian spirit let him know, and he would make way for a better. It was most comforting and afforded him much pleasure at seeing such a company and of different denominations. With regard to his change of denomination, he must say he had been a Baptist in his heart for nine years. His cousin and he nine years ago had talked the matter over. The opportunity had presented itself to his friend and he had went over. He was the Rev. Mr. Hetherington, who was now labouring with acceptance at home. He (the speaker) had only lingered. If he had been work- ing with the Primitive Methodists he had been a Baptist at heart. He did not come there with a feeling of ambition. That was the fourth call he had received since he came to the colony. The Primitive Methodists had given him one, and the Methodists New Connection two. When he received their invitation he laid it before his wife and said he thought they had made a mistake. They had laid it before heaven and pleaded with the Almighty. When he received the second invitation he saw his way clear, and he verily believed he was going where the Lord wanted him, and therefore he was there. He did not desire popularity ; he was a meek and lowly preacher of the Lord Jesus Christ coming forward at the wish of the Almighty, with the high aim of carrying forth the Holy Gospel. Great things were expected from new ministers, arid they were often disappointed. He did not want them to think he waa more than a human being. He would visit every family who attended his chiuch, and if he could do good outside among other churches he wanted them to remember that he would bo willing to do so But he wished them to remember that he must have time to prepare for preaching he would not offer his people that which cost him nothing , he wanted to be able to feed them He wanted the young men - the young women he would leave to Mrs Stark, whom they would soon learn to love-he wanted the young men to inform him how he could be of use to them, and depend upon it he would do it If they would only work hand in hand in this great work they would be successful They would find that though they would be able to lead him they would not be able to drive him. Treat him in that way and no doubt the result will be successful. He had no fear of the result, not that it would be through him, but because the Lord God would visit his own vineyard. When he joined the Baptist Church he did not forsake the other He wanted to be united with other churches in carrying on the work of God He asked their sympathy, and all he did would not be by his eloquence or moral suasion, but by the power of the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ They should join hand in hand in eternal things, and may God give them His blessing, may the Holy Ghost rest upon them, and may they never rest till they bathed in the fulness of God's love Votes of thanks were passed to the ladies who had prepared the tea, and to the speakers, the choir, and the representative ot the press, aftei which the doxology and benediction closed the meeting 