Eclios £rom England. /Br 'Littlb Jomr.') ZiOBDOx, October 15.— Apropos of the sculling has.Slap . ' , on the lake at the Welsh Harp, Hendon, 'I is»y Obi^rta ? '.- that the defeat of the better known Yankee scouefca wa£» ' surprise to most people, and both Teenier an4 Wallart Boss went down rery easily indeed. ' If there urag 'qu, point more than another at which they misrht be expecta* to excel it wasin ' turning,' yet none of them 'waa im- it. at this game with Bnbear, who rowed in greatly unprojaflkj form, and well deserved tue victory. I hate sen,9S? o?W*«, as to whether any of the Americans, except Tto EyflrW** really in earnest. The l&et; named, wto oompeted ih*h» final, is about the most ungainly eculler I nave ever seen »| tmd on his meritB he has not' fher ghost ~oi a ohaac© wiWr Teenier or Boss. ??' **':'-! -; -* Since the regatta the air is fall of chaUengek* tod tte back page of the London Spobtsilut has been for the, l*sft- few days quite a curiosity. Everyone seems to wiah 't»; hare a go at Mfltterson; and Uanhui and Bubeax «ffe^tt row him for £500 a side ;. while Teemer is contented to *»? .for the more modest sum of £200 a side. Ten Eyck chal-j lentres-JPeririna for £200 a side and the English cbampipn«. 6hip, bnt Perkins is not disposed to accommodate liim.. Old Dave Godwin wants a etart of 15sec over the ehan»-f pioBsbip course from Teemer, bnt the Utter will onlyt accord iOsec at the finish. Sot to be outdone 'bj the; younger school, Barry Eelley, aged 54 (the old chap doeflftj. look 44), is auxioni to tackle any man hia own-Ag*; for £100 or £200 a side. Hanlan has challenged iiOiij: but the wily Wallace says 'he's a bit off color/' and won't row just now. The Canadian, fautc Ae inieux, is now willing1; to row Teenier; and perhaps, after all, this may leafl W 'boBiness. We are next to have a double-scoUia^ «f»fcta7f . promoted by tbe irrepressible ' Pegasiis,' and we arealsoi promised .a four-oared race between iTbtiIhw, Teeroer.Tfa? livck. andHamm, and Boss, tee,- Bubear» and ^PerHiia; «o , that aitof ether we shall hare busy times on the XhMMflt cui6 autumn. ; Amonp toe latest epnverts to th« new religion of ' Beac6t: worship' ie Harry Kelley, who fora long titne*'iTOuid«i'*V stand him at any price.' Now, however, 'after witawasinjej .eccompliehed facts, the veteran agrees that he is taoj greatest scvdler the -world has Been. Speaking o? the BOWJ tamous GaudaTir match, Harry, who 'showed np' U»r Canadian, told me he never saw such an exhibition, ofplnolci in his life as Beach's on that occasion. He of coarse wasf in a. much better position than 'anyone else to see whatf transpired, andhe says that Beach turned green— lie traBSOf bad — and that Vb.cn be stopped the seccrnd time he vomited, which seemed to relieve him and enable him togotmagate.; This was new information to me ; and I believe it .^ ?? Hairy Hutchens, the celebrated pedestrian, sailed intSa, XuBitania for .Sydney, to run a series of matches wittoj Malone. He is probably the most brilliant Bprinter in thai! world, and Halone will have his work cut oat to beat him. '- The owner of the winner of the Cssarewitch,' Stohe, Clink, backed his mare before she ran intheBoncaeter Oupj for £100 to win at £0 to Z, and also supported her for JEW, at 10 to 1 for a place in the race of yesterday. It is a oU-i rious coincidence that this year's winner took np the' quarters occupied last year by Flaisanterie, namely, at' Mrs. Chaloner'e. .' - ; ' s To find a winner of the Cesarewitch hailing {com th££ North cf the Oase previously to yesterday we have to gff; back to 1877, when Hilarious carried the blue and silver j braid jacket of Sir E. Jardine to' tbe fore. The colt, likw Stone Clink, was trained on Mid dlehani Moot. ? -, Stone Clmk, by her victory yesterday, credited Ur.B; Gi- Vyner with a stake valnefSlO; tjie duration of the race,; according- to tlie tune taken by Benson's chronograph,; being 4min 2sec. Last year, when M. H, Bouy'e Pieisu*! terie was euccessf ui, the race was worth £1130. . ' Old Joe, the hero of the last Grand National Steepler chase, made a most inglorious show in the Cesarewitch, and being outpaced from the start, finished nearly tt guax* ter of a mile behind the winner. j- Mr. Clurk this year judged the Cesarewitoh for thei' thirty-fourth time. . - ? \ Ormonde added to bin unbeaten record yesterday by' winning the Champion Stakes, at Newmarket, in 'a canter from his two opponents, and by his success credited thW Buke of Westminister with £1190 10s. The distaWSB (if mile 2 f urlonge 73 yards) was covered, according' to- Bw-; son's chronograph, in 2min ISsee, the time lagt year, when* Paradox won, be;cg2min 2S3-5tli sec, and the value of the stakes £1510. The total amount now won by Ormonde is £22,S2S10a. ' '- A French bookmaker, Fred Kobinson, actually laid tha f esxful odds of a £1005 to £10 five times on Ormonde. This : is laying money with a vengeance. : ? , ? ' * 