MY WIFE OR HIS CLEMIfENTIE MONTAGU. _lhr qf" The Loady of tle Holm,"" RopieqfSand,'. " L?f orHonour," ~jc., dO. CHAPTER III. 755 11. CECIL LEIGHTOV. LOho who tlmt is most oertuous alwny, PsAde ad apcrt, ond most eutondeth ly To do tie reutil drdoe thet cut, AndtakE him Lor tiLe Cretcst gontlman.' -Chancer. Tin woman who had begged of Minnic GrayEona bturned away from the carriage door with hope in her heart and a glad brightness in her eyes. "God bless her sweet face," she murmured to her. self: "I expected a Ofew coppers at miost, and here is food and lodging for tomorrow and the next day if I take care. And who knows, baby, what may happen then." -he was so elated that she forgot her hunger for thomoment; but the child wailed feebly, and she bent her head over it hushing it and looked about her for somne shop where abe might buy food. She did not know the City very well, and turned right away from where she might have found what she wanted, and came presently to the big crossing opposite the Exchange. Dizzy e ain now, and bewildered by the din and conusionaiof tossing feet, she staggered and would havm fallen but for a police. man catching her arm and shbaking her up samo. what roughly. "Now then," he raid, "look out or you'll get yourself in trouble; get out of this till you are -ober." Sihe did not answer him as she had answered the bank porter; she was not so desperato now. "I am sober," abshe said; "' am starving that is all. Show me where I can get something to eat. I have the money to pay for it." He was not so utterly wanting in sense as some of his tribe, and he raw that she was speaking the truth--especially as she opened her hand and showed him the half-crown that she held there. "Over yonder," he said, pointing tonwards Cheap. side, "you'll find a shop in a minute: Take care how you go."' And he watched her stagger across theroad, and drew a relieved bIreath whlen she disappeared amongs' the crowd on the opposite side of the way. "I thought she was under that waggon," he said to himself an he stopped a whole line of vehicles to let a nervous old lady get over in safety. lie was obserrant of all that passed as far as human eyes could seeon at once; but he could not see everything. He had not seen a pair of keen black eyes peering under his ann while he was talking to the woman, nor noticed a little half- naked urchin who ran after hern and reached the other side of the street before she did, dancing a sort of war dance on the pave ment as he waited for his prey to approach. Very slowly it came, for Charlotte Sydney was well nigh exhausted now, and the child in her arms seemied to drag her down with an insuliferable weight, and shel paused a moment before going into the shop to get rid of the sick faintness that eas overcoming her. lermoney was in her hand; she need only get her breath to speak and here was food. Her foot was on the threshold of the shopl. The smeoll of the bread ·was in her nostrils, when something etruck her elbow--a sharp blow that paralyzed her fingers for a moment, and the money tlow from her grasp as if shohad flung it from lher. She saw it all. She noticed the rough head that came between her and it as it lay on the ground, and.the scanmpering feet that made oilff with her treasure. She tried to speak -to call out--but her strength was gone. Icer voice had had no power of ultterance; and with a wild, sobbing cry for help she sank down in the door way, dead for the time to all her misery and des pair. Thopopleo in the shop were not quite heartless. They were annoyed that a tramp should come and faint on their premises; but the white fore told its own tledo, and thera was no smell of drink, tilhe policeman's fiat notwithstanding. The nearest ofleer arrived, and proposed to canrry her to the station on a stretcher and lock her up, but the bystanders interfered and tried food first. A little milk and a piece of bread brought her miserable lifo back again, and put some sort of strength into her feeble limbs, and they let her go, otterly disbelieving her story of the half crown; but not inclined to lock her up as a vagrant. It did not matter to them what became of her, so she went out of their ken. It did not matter to her much now, poor soul! ier last chance of help seemed to be gone; tihere was nothing before her but the workhouse. She must makle her way there and sit down outoide the door till they would take herin, or fetch away her body and bury it. What did it matter which ? SShe was almost past thinking now, and she stumbled forward blindly and stupidly like a per. son in a dream, careless of whlre she went, till she found herself on the river bank amongst a wilder nes of condoemoned hoiuses that were being pulled down, and lskeletons of buildings that were being erected in their places. There was i terrible fascination in the glittering whirl of water. A horrible drawing of her senses towards it, no if it whispered in its silent rushing that in its beosom was reat-such rest for her and her child as the world could never find hier. lDrawing her breath in hard gasps-half fear, half madness- she crept to the very edlge of the water. From some cause or other-a strikhoema bo or a failure-the place was empty. There were no work men thero; even the boys who make their way everywhere were conspicuous by their absoence, and she was free to do as she listed. llBut she had been seen, and even now a man was creeping natruiously after her, making his wac silently over the rulhbish and building material, fearful of frightening her, yet anxious to help her if possible. She dropped for a moment on a pile of broken bricks and clasped her child to her bosom with fierce energy. " It will only he a minute, baby," she said aloud, "and then who knows? IHavecn for yeou, I suopose, and for me. Well, there can be nothiing in the other world, be it what it may. wrer than I have endured in this one. We'll go, my darling. We'll go." She had opened the shuawl that the inhint was wrapped in, and was tying the child to hier own waist with it, with fierce determined tues, when a hand was laid softly on her ehouldor, nod a voico simke in her ear. "What are you doinog ?" " Making an end of it." she replied sullenly, " .lo you sure it would be the end ?" ' uulcit mottlers?" She struggled to free herself, but the touch on her shoulder had tightened into a grip that held hier like a vice, and she felt tihat she wasn tracpped "You shall not do it while I can hinder you," the quiet voice said igain, and she eiascl her r. sis. tance a?d looked at the person lwho had conm between her and death. A tall, gmvo mann, with a sweet sad face and gentle eyes that woere- looingg at her with thle pilty of ian angel, dressed in black, proclaiming hIis holy olire,. h:od his arnl roulnd her, with no Ceeounig ditigist at her poor clothing or iher frantic luehaviour. " You will be quiet now and let me si ake to vou will yeou not " hlie said, and -he sttercd it hmlu sith wild eyes, and recoiled as if an adder hod bitten her. "Cecil Leighton !" she gauped, " non--let mue go \--lt me go l Woihat are you doing, hero P You shllu not hold me l" Suouething in hier voico went straighlt to sonla chord of muerory ,m, tounlhed it. lie Iloked iat hir with a terriile recollection dawrning in hisi eyeas oni his face palinig till it looked like the lface ofa corpse. "Lottie r' "'Aye, Lottie. Why do yoo oome hero to nocek " I rams hero to save a dislmrghlt woiman from the last and worst sin of all. MIerciful heavecn, that it should be you u" There was a ring of nclute pailn in his gentle voile, and she sank down on the ruhhishl at his fee anl coveerd iher face witih her haiuds. Irer bary Icing beside hterlookedalmost lik.e a little white corlpse., so still nod lifeless was it. "Why did you come inow i" sie uneled, "five minutes more and nlo silht of me ianid my mi-cry would have orauled you. Go oer wray, Cc?li leigh ton, and forgot that you h:lveseen the ghost of that wrotched psbt." Chap " The ghost indeed," lie said; "ithank hale cen I did come. I cwa at a window vonder and I r:w you make your waytdown iv 'ere. I lihave se-ll tile same sight before, Loelit, andl I guessed wlat it meant. And I resolved uider heaven to bIe thelu mieans of preventing lwhat youl ,ere goiug to dro. Child, what Inhas hlappiened to yonu? hlow have you come to this?" lie spokle to ier as a brother might htvie 8i oklen to a slstoer-gently and iearniestly; yet there wcos a timre when they hald been all rie world to ealch other; when to call Cltt rlolto Sydney wife had been Coeil Leighton's highet minbition. And lie lived in day ldreaums of iia bLight future.in which she was Lthu ildini jiresenco--th-b sweet companion-the help. meet to whom he would turn for symnpathy in all his joys and sorrows. The timo was not so far back, scarcely thre years; yet those three had changed them both-him into agrave, silent man, with his youth far behind him; and the woman he had loved so madly into the broken thing that lay at his feet now, and who but for him would haveo been drifting with the silent river to some noisesomo resting-plhco of weeds and river ooze, or else dragged up into a foul boat to bo hustled into the neorest deadhouse, and from thence to a pauper's grave unowned and uncared for. It was an old story, as old as the world almost the story of a woean's feomphttion and repentance. A brighter and more fascinating wooer had come along and lired the foolish heart of thoe vain girl from its allegiance. ier love had not been na deeply rooted as his, and he lhad come back to his home after a short duty absence to find a rival in his place, and the girl he had loved so dearly faithless and promnised to another. lie made no moan; he was not the man to proclaim his wrongs or to revenge them: but his life was blighted. The one woman in all the world for him had made all women diostatoful to him for evermore. And after the wedding lie left the place where he had hoped to bhe so happy, antl sought distraction in hard' work and unremitting attention to his new duties. Chap 3 From a curacy in a quiet comntry- villange, the clhange was great to mission worke in the most uasvlid dlistrict in nll London; but Cecil Leighton was no feathicr-bed soldier. What he did hle did with all hisi might, and he thought nothing too hisrr or too h.,rilde. so it did good and helped his fellnw craturlrs. He was handsome andthe ladies admired him; but he was insensible to their wiles. lNo one know quite who ho was or whence he came; bet it came to be guessed that his self- denial and loneliness were the oultcome of some great smrrow, and by-and by he was left to his own deicess. I he had wished for revenge on the girl who had spoiled his lifo and made him the lonely creature he was. ho had it now. Sho wans at his feet desolate and foriaken, almost too weak to gasp out her sobbing pra.yer for forgiveness. i Say you forgive me and let me go," she wailed. "I have suffered so--and Cecil!--Cecil--I loved you all the timeo!" Ayeo there was the sting of it. She had been led away by flattery, showy accomplilshments, and fine words, to throw aside the substance for the shadow, and to let slip the osure anchorage of a man's trle love and honest purpose for the glitter of false senti ment and sham wealth--andl she had loved him all thle time. She had hardly turned away from the altar before she moew what she had done; how she bad abhused the noblest, warmest heart that ovr beat, and spoiled a good man's lifo by her idle vanity, and her own life toe. It did not take her long to learn that tohe man she had married was un worthy the love of any honest woman. She had made her nfate and she must abide byit, and she hid her sorrow and her remorse. And as long as womnns could, she put on the outward semblance at le.ast of happiness and gaiety. It could not last. There came a tin a when her husband's evil nature showed itself too palpably for oven her endunrnce, and she ran away from the home he had desecrated and made wretched. She would work, she thought-starve---anything rather than enduro the pollution of his society any longer. ior father, her almost only relative, was dead. He had lived just long onough to know that his child ons unhappy and her little fortune wasted; but he nwas spared the Imowledge of her deeper degrada tien. He never knew how her home wase broken up, and her husband forced to fly to escape the avenging hand of jostice. Tlottio herself did not know when she took her baby in her arms and left her husband's house, that in a day or two it would he no home for her. If she had she might have stayed, woman like, clinging to him in his degradation and disgrace, but she mwas ignorant of everything but his cruelty, and hardly understood his attempts to make a decoy of her the failure of bwhich moade him cast off all disguise and show himself in his true colours. For a time slhe managed to make a poor living, worlking almost day and night, and living secretly under her maiden name; but sickness came to her darling and the work fell slack, and only those who have known the hoearsickness of seeking employment and finding none can tell what she suffered. Down-down-deeper and deeper she sank till everything was gone-spirit, hope, and almost life itself, till she came to the river's brink with her old lover standing over her and listening te her heart broken wail--" And I loved you all the time." HI did not loose his hold of her. His heart gave a great leap-a fierce throb of tumultuous passion. Clergyman though he was, his whole heart given to his work, and his life almost hscetic in its self-deny ing loneliness, Ihe was human still And he had loved her once better than hislife-bettor than his hopes of heaven. "Hush !" he said, gently, soothingly, us he might have spoken to a suffering sister. "You are ill and worn out. Come with me; I will find a place for you where you may rest. You will be able to think and talk toomorrow. You will bhe fresher when you hIave dept, and the baby too." "I was finding rest for myself," she said; "youen hosuld have let me go, Cecil." Fshe called him by the old name without thinking, nod he winced as he heard it. " No,'.ho replied; "I was sent by a higherPower than any earthly prompting: it was no chance, Lsttie. Come, try and twalk till we can get a cab, and you shall hlave sure and comforteble haven, for tonight at least." She let him do as he would, and rose from where she was sitting on the rubbish, and tried to make some alteration in the dlisarray of her dress. W'ith some dilliculty hIa managed to get her to a narrow street that ran down towards the river, the same she had comeo along in her despair and exhaustion, and into a public-houso, where he called for a little wine, and set her down on a bench. The loungers at the bar looked round in surprise, and a main m the private department peeps I round thie partition to draw his headl back with an reclama tion very like an oath. He was not visible any more while the two were in the place, hut he watched them narrowly through a space <n the pattern of the figsred glass that shut the puhlio bar from the nool where he wooas hidden. "A parson and a tramp," some one at his side snaid with a laugh. "l'lhilanthropy for verr An honest girl might faint in the street a dozen times before she would get as much attention paid to her. A cab, too! A Etretcher and a policeman would be nearer the mark, l'm thinkling.' The man he spoko to sid never a word, only watched the gentleman and the woman as they diovo away in the cai he had sent for, with a curious expression on his face. "I didn't dream it, then," is said to himself. "It was true thle world is not such a big place after all, hardly big enough for two people sometimes." CHAPTER IV. A IAVEN OF I1ES'. "Who wll not nrerclo untoothere shcw, llow 51n he1 ner10o 1 0o to hsT'"--SPEovcr. " W'ul1n are you taking mo to !--th0 workhlousel' Charlotte Sydney asked the question somewnbat s-llply; her nerves wor5 all strung up to tlot mtmost teosion and her pulses wero throbbing willi faligue and excitement. ''The workhouso ! No," Cecil Leighton said lindly, " I could not take you there, Lottie." "It was were I was going," she said, wearily. "I was going to sit down on the steps till ther did .something. I don't think it would have mattered much what it was. There was a woman not long age that died at the door while she was waiting to be taken in. Only thinkl what a change, to find tile resl she coveted so1, iFt there, outside tihe barred door ot the workhouse !" SSheolaughed bitterly--alough thatstrangleditselt in a sob, and he iput his hand on her arms. " oe thankful it was not you," he said, " for hit cako." HIe touched the little, wan baby as he spoke, and the tears cmo intlo thle mother's eyes. " Where is he-your husband F" he asked after a little paune, as the cab jolted along a quieter street, and they could manange to hear each other's voices. I "Deadt for aught I know," she replied. "At tlhe ether side of tho world I opect, if l0e is aliveo, lt would hardly dare be in England." "' T'llen you have never seen him since P" "Since I left himP No. Inever want to look upon his face agfain. Ah! I know what you and such as you would say to me--he is my husband, and it was my duty to stay with him whatever he was. You don't know what he would have hadl me do; to what dol tha of degradation he would have brought me. "I c:tn gucss. Don't speak of it." ' It wasa long drive to where t ththe youpg clergy manl was talking his protigi, and on the way sheo told him of linnlmo Grayson and the half crown she had given her, and how she had lost it. " She had a face liko an angel," she said; "it would makeno life leso hard to bear if I thought I should sos her nguin." "You will be sure to," Cecil Loighton said. "Some day perhaps you ~will sco her and let her Lgtoy that bPg~Ite.t.thhinogs have twnp for you. I nicati this tiinfBeting 6 uris to bear fruit in that way. Ah! Cecil; I cannot bear it from you. I, who have treated you so, and--" " Hush, dear," he asid gently, as he might have spoken to ached. "That past is dead forboth of us. Let itlio. We cannot alter it; to-day shall begin a now time for you and for meo-aye, and for you, Cecil." " My work is in hond already. It is always with meo; I have no time for memories, Lottie. I have done with them for three years now." Chap 4 IoHe hadnot; the very fact of his spoaling so proved it. His heart was boating with a fierce throbbing now at the memory of what those three years had done for him, and the time when his lifo was all brightness, and she the brightest gleam of sunshine in it, It was all over; it had been all over from the moment when he turned away sick at heart from the church where he had seen her seal her faithlessness at the altar; but the e'ght of her in rags and desolat on had stirred him to the vory depths, and he longed to take her to his hearo and comfort her, sa only love can do. le was taking the true way of comforting her. ie was going witl her to a shelter and resting place, where she would be safe, and her baby too; but where he would never ee her, unless there was some special need. She was well nigh exhausted before the cab stopped atthe door of a gloomy-looking house far cast-an old mansion once the abode of a noble race, with pleasuregrounds, and waving trees, and stately ardens, and trimmed shrubs, now fallen from its high estate, and surroundcd by a populous district anda working population, who knew nothing of its past glories, and looked upon it as so much waste bricks and mortar, covering the ground that a dozen hous a ought to occupy. II It fared ttepasey Green, and the iv haneging in dhrk green manaes from its old walls took otf snme thing of the dull aspect that the front represented. It was clean, and its windows were bright, but they were painted half way up, showing that the old ms?rsion had htcco~- some sort of public institution# A rneatly-dressed oLd woman presentedl herself in answe-to the catmoan's sing, and looked curiously into the vehie=o. SAh I sl.. Ldeghfon, eir, si?oe ma?i.n a tone of glad surpri, J lsi you " Just myeeIf0 h-ally" was the kindly reply ;: ' and hows' the rhoumatiom 0,v Powerful bad sometimes, sir," the old woman replied. "'Pretty well to-day, thanks to the sun 0lod the warmth. Are you cvanting the mistress, sir? She'll bo right glad 00 oe0 you.' "TYes, is shin ? I have broaght her aroase " ":I don't believo there's room for a mouse," the olild woman ,sid. ":tr,- tirk brought two chlildren yesterday, nigh starved they were, and so much f,.ss to find out juost what parish they belonged to. They'd haveo died of stnarvation while they wera looking for their settlement, if it hadn't been for' 3Ir. KIirk; and then Ir. -DIerwent, h senCt a woman and a baby, and we'ro right full.!" "I daresay MIrs..'l'Tapton will msnage to help me out of my dilliculty, Sally," Cecil Leiohtoll snid quietly. " Ask her to come to me for a minuO:n. willI 'ou? Staltor e Ilouse is tolernble elastic now anni theo I klowV." "Stafford Houseo was no fnely-organised charity, ao institution with yeerly published balance sheets and grand dinners, at which its patrons lauded each other till any stranger dropping in at one of their banquets would haoe thonught ht mself suddenly translated to the society of the :mge!s at least. vtafford HIouse had noparticu'ar patrons ; at least none whose names would have countol for mooch at the head of an illuminated doooument; but it was a charity in the truest sense of the word. Its projectors did not stop to ask whether its applicants went to church or chapel, or whether the'r lives had besn an oxemplifieation of all the moral n:nd Christian vihtues before they fell into the stra:ts that made them objects of pity. It was surlicient for tiemn that they were surfering wnomen or hlelpless children; their misery and their need were their credentals. Begun in a disosed loft with a oulple of lods and tlwo helpless mites of patients, it hald grown till it threatened to overflow the ca; abilitien of Stia:ord liouso and resolve itself into a regular hospital, and Cecil Leighton had been one of its most ardent helpers and supporters. IHe had preached for it, and worked for it, and he had had his triumph not long ago. A band of workling men hal ol gonised a collcr tion for the funds, their children had been nurn?ed in their illnesses, and their wives htnllod in manyo a eore strait, nnd in their blunt fashion they reso ecd to publish the fa t. They went thlrough the stoseb in a sort of rough processcion withll their doings sx plained on a big banner, ond held oot thleir hands to all and smndre as they went by. Pl'lenty o l eoplo Ecols 1 and many laughed, butt more goove, and tO o day's proceedings ga-e Cecil l.eightoln and htI colleagues nearly a hundred pounds. ,ta .ord House w:s beginning to get famoos now, and manny a goo Ily gift came to it anonymoously fromn tlhose who obey to the letter the Clhristian injunction, " l.et not thy right hand Inow what thy left hand doeth." Its comely mistress wls able to gove her poor people food without the wear)y conorting o; thle cost of every lite that makes some charities so dillicultto manago; and thero was sunlicint clothing and blankets for the winter. And shle co:ld rost with out so much anxiety as to how she should accoont to her directors for this or for that, so ich had I cen her portion in the early part of her career in tihe place. rShe came out now, sumnmoaned by el. ally \--a comely, motlherly woman, with grey hoir n ally handed down undera white cap, and a blnck drss of lwhich every fold was in place. Ch.lop . There was something in her face, Ilhotgh shie coI::ld never have been even pretty according to thle ruoos of beauoty, that made despairling women nrld hlellooss children cling to htr in the snuro Lope that t! cy would be Ilelped and succor red Thie ncry touch of her firm snd gentle hand inspired eonlideolne, and made the world seem brighter to the misonhble creatores that so often wcanted her aid. " Sally says you have no room, tMrs. T'opton." Cecil Leighton s:id, as she camne to the a b dolo and looked in at the pole creature o nd thie baby insidle. " Crowded. Who is this ?" "A case for you, if ever tlhere was one. You ousunt let me br;ng her in for an hlour nt any ,ato. 8hto is exhausted, and the baby is well-nighl dead of prina tion." " Poor lamb! 1We'll nmake it live if it is he aven's will," said thie motherly soul, cuddling up tlhe little creature in her warm arms, before giving it to old Solly to hold. " Deaor me-poor thing; she's finolt ine, Sir. Leighton; jost carry her in, my good man, will you? We must maike room somehows." lThe cabman grnmbled out something about lise horse not standing, as if oinything short of a feed of corn would have induced the ba-ost to maneo on on necessary mon ement; but he obeyed the beheset -everybody dlid obey ntrs. Tapton, somohow- and liftel lCharlotte Sylney trom her seat.' "She 'nint much of a load, poor thing," he remarkelod; " looeks as if she was dead.":' "Oh, we'llbring her backr tolife, please God," the matron said nosying herself about the in sensible form; while old Sally carried off the baby to be fed and comforted elsewhero; but it was a long time before the lifo came bacnk again. With the knowledge that her journoy was over and thaIt rest and ho:p lhad really come, the poor wanderoeit had succumbed; and it was nearly an hour before Sthely could eto quite sure that she really would rally. " Ylou will find room for hor"-i Mr. Leighton said, whaen at length she was lying asleep on the sofa in the matron's own room, fed and rolieved. "I mtoosl help her, and I cannot take her to my own lodg ings, though my landlady is kind enough and would take her in, and I cannot leave her to die. My pooir Lottie l" Mrs. Tapton had never seen him so morol. Ilo did not linow he had spoklen the last words aloud, anl so given her a cloe to what s wit passing in his mind. She had inown him before; she knew thaot his lifo had bleen wrecked and broken by a woman, and she guessed." " ls it?" she asked, touching the sleeping woman'e sh aoulder; *thave you found her like this i" "Yes." "She shall he cared for; leave her with me, Mr. Leighton. She is a married woman F" I "0'es - A widow, perhaps." "t no." "Ah, I so--forsaltkon. I'oor thing-poor thlinlg."' ~lrs. Tapton sighed-a sigh of sad men oricao The poor wife's fate had been hlers. Sho had klown the saddest fortune that can come to a waonton, and Ihad been left to fight thle world as best she could by the man who should have stood by her side in tlio contest and shielded her from thie buffets and storms withhi he oelrt's Lest love. It was long ago now. She had lieed it toll down, and nli wsonld 1l0011 this forlorn creature to do the Eamet if shle could. "She is a wife-heoaven help her," loail I e'ghton said. " I could curse hlim whou I think of what shlo mlight have been if he had not crossed her path. She is not to blame. I believe, before heaven, that sho is as good and pure as on the day when sho left her father's house. IHelp her to a pintoe in thile wnorld help her to be true to herself, and to live for her child, and you will do the noblest s oark t-nt over woman did." "For herselt-ayo-andi for you may boe, ,Mr. Leighton." "No,' he nid, his lip quivering just a littlo; "not for me. 8he is a wife, and our paths mustlio far apart. It is only the ghost of my past lifo that I have seen in meeting her. I shall not see her. She must forget that we have met; and so must I--o must I.." H?e spoke passiosately and almost incoherently; and Mrs. Tapton looked at him in amazement. He was ordinarily so calm and self-possessed, that she could hardly comprehend what a world of passion and deep feeling lay concealed under his ordinarily unruffled exterior. How was she to know that Charlotte Sydney's despairing wail "I loved you all tho time" was ringing in his ears, and would never leave him till time should be no mort for him ? Ho could not trust himself with her, knowing that he held such plaeo in her heart. He would bo the un. seen helper to give her back a name and a place in the world; but their paths must lie apart. MIrs. Tapton must be the good genius to place her out as uhe had placed so many other helpless creatures, and he must "pass by on the other side," and take no heed of the way that she would go. When Charlotto Sydney woke from her deep uloop of exhaustion, feeble and wondering, there was no one in the room but Mrs. Tnpton, looking at her with kindly eyes and waiting for her rousing. "Don't be frightened," she said gently and with a motherly touch on Charlotte's arm; for she was starting up with wild, scared eyes, missing her child; "you are quite safe and with friends. You have nothing to do but to rest now." "I don't understand," she gasped out; "my bbya --my--' "bHe is quite safo," and Mrs. Tapton touched a bell; "you shall see him in a minute." The wandering wits would not comeback all in a minute, and Charlotte Sydney looked around her in bewilderment. "I was in the City," she said, "down by the river. Ahl I I remember. He came to meo-Cecil. 1-" "You were in great peril,and Mr. Leighton eaved you and brought you here to me. Wo will not talk of that; we will only remember it in our prayers. See, here is your boy." Old Sally came hobbling in with the baby, looeling as Charlotte had not seen him look for many a day, fed and newly dressed in homely garments, but pleontiful and clean. She could only take him in her arms and cry over him in her gratitude and relief as if her heart were breaking. "There--there," the good matron said, with tears in her own eyes, "you will soon hbe better now; we will look after you now that you have had a little rest. And to-morrow we will find you something to do, and begin all afresh." Chap 4 She did not speak of Cecil Leighton, and somehow Charlotte divined that he had gone, and that nave by accident she should see him no more. He had saved her, and she would be grateful and do her best in whatever was before her. She followed MIrs. Tapton into the interior of the metamorphosed old house, leaving her passed life behind her, and vanishing completely from the ken of all who had known her before. Minnie Gravaon wondered for many a doay what had become of the woman who had begged of her so strangely. And the man who had watcheod her at the public house sought quietly far and wide for some trace of her without success. He had no clue, and came to the conclusion at last that he must have been mistaken and fancied a likeness after all. (To be eontinued.) CrAmrrxT can tolerate even intolerance. Tirter which is done for self dies. Perhaps it is not wrong, but it is peculiar. IDLE?NEss is hard work for those who are not used to it, and dull work for those who are. THEn FOUNDER OF THE FRENCI SorTLEIENT IN CANADA.--Of Champlain's labours it is unnecessary to speak at length. Twenty times he crososed the Atlantic to fight for his colony, though it was a greater undertaking to cross tihe Atlantic then than to go round the world now. He may be called the founder of Montreal as well as of Quebec. FIirst of Europeans, he sailed up tile Richelieu, giving to the beautiful river the name of the Comipany's great patron. He discovered Lake Champlain. He first ascended the Ottawa, crossed to Lake Nipissing, and came down by thevalley of the Trent to what he called " the fresh-water sea" of Ontario. IIe secured thle alliance of all tihe Indian tribes-ilthe confederacy of the Five Nations excepted-by treaties whiclh Inasted as long as the white flag floated over the istle ol St. Louis, and which laid the foundation of the friendship that has existed between every Canodian government and the old sons andlords of thie soil. D'Arcy MGcee, in one of those addresses that made learned and un learned feel whatis the potency and the omnipoteLncy of man's word on tile souls of men, tihus sketeled his moral qualities and amazing versatility: Ite was bravealmost torashness. He would cast himself with a single European follower in the midst of sanvage enemies, and more than once hislife was endangered bytheexcess of his confidence and hIis courage. He was eminently social in his habits-witness hIis order of le bon te?aps, in which every man of his associates was forono day host to all his comrades. He was sanguine, as became an adventurer; andself-denying, as became a hero .. .. He touched tihe ex tremes of human experience among diverse characters and nations. At one time he sketched plans of civilised aggrandisement for Henry IV. and Richelieu, at another heo planned schemes of wild warfare with Huron Chiefs and Algonquin braves. He united in a most rare degree the faculties of actionand reflection, and like ali highly-reflective minds, his thoughts, long cherished in secret, ran often in themould of maxims, some of wlich would form the fittest possible in scriptions to be engraven upon his monument. When the merchants of Quebec grumbled at the cost of fortifying that place, he said, t It is best not to obey the passions of men; they are but for a season; it is our duty to regard the future.' With all his love of good-fellowship, hlie was, what seems to some incon sistent with it, sincerely and enthusiastically religious. Among his maxims are these two--that t thesalvation of one soul is of more value than the conquest of an empire;' and that' kings ought not to think of ex tending their authorify over idolatrous nations, except for the purpose of subjecting them to Jesus Christ.' \--Picturesue Canada. SOVtE WnnnEDDINo.SUPESTITIONS.-In Sweden, abride must carry bread in her pocket, and as manypiecesof it as she can throw away, just so much trouble does she cast from her; but it is no luck to gather the pieces. Should the bride lose her slipper, then she will lose all troubles, only in this case the person who picks it up will gain richels. The Monsauxmen put oalt in theirpockets, and the Italians E blessed" charms. The RIbmans were very superstitious about marrying in May or February; thleynavoided all celebrationdays, and the Caleqds, Nones, and Ides of every mpntlh. The day of tilo wek on hlchc thle 14th of May fell was considered very unlucky in many parts of "merry old England," and in the Orkney Islands q bride selects her wedding day so thiat its evening may have a growing moon and a flowing tide. InScotland the last day of the year is thoughlt to be lucky, and if the moon should happen to be full at any time when a wedding takes place, tihe bride's cup of happiness is expected to be always full. In Perthshire the couple who have had their banns published at the end of one, and are married at the beginning of another, quarter of a year, can expect nothing but ends. HE fasts enought that has a bad meal. TEnas is somethingdivineinthe science of numbers. Like God, it holds the sea in the hollow of its hand. It measures the earth; it weighs the stars: it illumines tihe universe; it is law, it is order, it is beauty. MAvY persons fancy themselves friendly when they are onlyofficious. They counsel not so much that they should become wise, as that they should be re-c cognized as teachers of wisdom. To let go one's friends is one thiing, but to be forced to feel that they have let you go, in an unkind way, and that you cannot think quitons well of them as you used to do, is another and much harder trial. AN.crEr CosToaues.-Tlia following curious cutting from an antique tome may not be entirely inapplicable to the present day, wlen the pride of dress, extravag ance, and luxury keep double quick time with their opportunities (not always honest ones i) of indulgence. Let a "Bohe" intituled "Eulogium," teagus King Edward It., read the March of Intellect a lesson: Thie Commons were besotted in excess of apparel; in wide surcoats reaching to their loins; some in a garment reaching to their Ieels, close before, and strutting out at the sides, so that on the back they make mea seem twomnc; and tlis they call by a ridicu lous name--Gown. Their hoods are little, tyed under thep chin, and buttoned like the women's; but set with gold, silver, and precious stones. Tleir Lyrripipes reach to their heels, all jagged. Thepy have another Weed of silke which they call a Paltocl. Their Hose ate of two Colours, or Pled with moroe, ihich, with Lathetso, they call Herlots, they tie Lh their I Paltoclks without any Breeches. Their girdles eca of gold and silver; some worth 20 marks; their shoes and pattens are snowted andpiked, morothan a finger long, crooking upwards, which they call Crackowa, resembling the Devil's claws, ochich were fastned to tlhe knees with chains of gold and silver; and these were Lyons in the Hall, and Hares in thile Field, 