the STORY OF AN OLD SONG. (gjdasoow citizen.) He who tells the following tale does cot seek either to explain' the events it records by an appeal to a belief is tbe supernatural or to account for 'them by natural causes. He simply Etates the facte as they oame to his knowledge several years ago, and would only ask the reader to admit with him that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in oor philosophy.1 My name is Philip Gilbert. I am an old country doctor, and I live in one of the dullest of remote rural villages ; yet scarcely more doll than the tenor of a saddened and nneventfnl life, which, for many years, has been unvaried by a sorrow or a joy, or any strikingincident, save that which I am about to relate. My life, however, is a busy one, and leaves little time for the indulgence of vain regrets and repinings for lost happiness, or even for the one recreation which is the solace of my leisure hours. My passion for musio sbppliesmy 6nly amusement, and my violin haB hi consequence furnished the sole reason for the limited intc-rconrse I hold with my fellow-creatures which otherwise would probably have been confined to my professional visits. This passion forms a bond of friendship between me and Mrs. Monckton, the wife of our squire. When she Is at home I am frequently invited to the hall for two reasons. One is that know ing my loVe for musio to equal her own, she kindly seeks to gratify it by asking me to meet the various distinguished musicians \ who are always among her gueBte ; the other, ; that she good-naturedly imagines my own performances to have eome merit, and 1 usually includes my efforts in her programme. Her musical entertainments are the only dissipations whioh have varied the dreary ; sameness of my existence for many years, i I have said that my life was saddened, - | yet th-re was a time when my happiness was ; uncrushed. when my hopes were high, and ; my ambition was great. True, the latter | only related to my profession, but my . : dreams were of.no half- success. The branch of my profession to which I had most turned \ my attention), and whioh had engaged my ; i deepest intereet, was the treatment of mental j I disease. I had passed through Cambridge, I i j had studied in London and abroad, and ) | friends, instructors, and rivals alike foretold j I a brilliant future for me, when my health i suddenly gave Way, and I reluctantly yielded : to the advice which obliged me to give up work for a time and take complete rest if I I would avert the illness which threatened me. | Up to this time I bad never known what it i was to be ill, having even cvercome the one weakness to which my childhood had been subject, and which was rather of a mental than a physical kind. This weakness con ; Bisted in a cervous fear and abhorrence of the sight of blood, and threatened to interfere | with my ever pursuing the study of medicine, as it had been the dream of my boyhood to do. Strange to say, however, as I grew up this repugnance and terror became gradually less, and it had finally disappeared by the time my medical studies began, only recurring to my mind as the memory of any other strange mental phenomenon whioh my professional experience encountered. My father, a colonel in the Indian army, was dead some years; my mother, whose only child I was, lived near the little village of Greyhurst, just outside the gate of the great roan of the place— Colonel Danby, This was where I now went to reoruit my broken health. It is not easy for me to speak of this time, and yet a brief reference is necessary to the events which it brought forth, and which were to altar the whole current of my life. I had been at Greyhurst a few weeks, and my strength was fast returning, when considerable excitement was oreated in the village by the sudden death of a foreign lady who had been ordered to the country for a change of air, and had been staying for a few days pa-t at a farmhouse In the neighbourhood. She and her daughter, we heard, were Germans— Ehrenstein by name. The latter, who was possessed of great beauty and a wonderful voice, would have gone oh the stags but for an accident in o ildbood which left her slightly lame, and 'she had accordingly determined to become a concert singer. With this objeor she and her mother bad come to London, bnt, t-efcre any professional engage ment has been entered into, Madame Ehren stein, as she Galled herself, was attacked by a tudden illness, and when she began to recover was ordered oountry air, and was recommended by her London landlady to lodge with friends of hers near Greyhurst. Here a day or two after her arrival a sudden relapse seized her and carried her off in a few hours. In a quiet country place such an event creates much more excitement than it would do elsewhere, and the greatest sympathy was felt for the unfortunate Walpurga Ehrenstein ' in the overwhelming bereavement which had so suddenly eome upon her. Perhaps no one sympathised more deeply with ber than my mother and I, and wesuoceeded in persuading > her to let as take her horns with us for a : time, and do all in oor power, little as that . could be, to alleviate ber sorrow. Her father was dead, and ber mother had been rinoe his I death entirely dependent on a brctler, who, \ having disapproved of her marriage, bad always given ber to understand that in oase of her death he would not extend hie charity to h?r daoght r. Walpurga was thus thrown : penniless and friendless on the world, except in so far as our friendship could he said to avail her. The more we saw of her the more that frie dship was strengthened, and the more we looked forward' with regret to the . time when her project should be realised of procuring engagements and settling down in | London as a professional singer. And thus I several weeks passed by, and they were the : happiest time of my. life. Even apart from my growing affection for Walpurga, the. ex quisite be&oty; of her voice and the perfection of her singing would have bften a source of extensive pleasure to one as fond of music as myself. As it was, I seamed to he under the spell of some hltfpfol enchantment, whioh „only peached .its . dOniapCmation When |h<a. object of my adpratiohtohited turendunoe hfer dreamp of professional success, and 1 to 'Join her fortunes to mine. My mother, whose admiration for the beauty end genius of our guest almost rivalled my own, willingly sacotioned our engagement, and welcomed Walpurga as a daughter, while she offered only a feeble opposition to my determination to marry at once. She triad, however, to represent that it would be wiser to defer my marriage till I could settle down to my profes si on and »ke a home to whioh to take my wife. But pay ardent passion would brook no delay. "My mother, who never crossed my wishes, waived, her objections, and Wal purga consented to fix on a day for our wedding. I have said that the great man of the place was Colonel Danby. He, however, was almost a stranger in the neighbourhood, mid during his absence his demesne was open to the public, but when, on any rare occasion, be was at home, it was rigorously closed. Daring his long absences we were wont to make considerable use of bis grounds, and those long avenues of b8eoh and lime, those woodland paths and shady dells whioh I shall never see again, are sacred in my mind to the memory of my lost Walpurga, and the rambles we took together there. We had long been planning a visit to the gardens, but had put it off from day to day because some slight difficulty attended ad mission to them, while the other parts of the demesne were available for walks, with out trouble. At last, however, a rumour of Colonel Danby 's approaching return mad us determine logo the next day. It was a lovely summer afternoon as we set out, bat our enjoyment of the walk was tinged by a shade of regret at the thought that this might be oar last ramble through these pleasant scenes of our love-making. Walpurga asked in her pretty broken English many questions about the obnrlish ogre who would selfishly shut out others from these fairy scenes — why was he so hard hearted ? What w&b; he like ? What did his family consist o! ? Where there ladies at Greyhurst ? I knew little or nothing about the owner of Greyhurst, and I had never taken sufficient interest in him to ask for or listen to any information concerning him Wishing, however, to amuse Walpurga, I endeavoured to tax my memory to the utmost for any stray mention that might have been made in my hearing of Colonel Danby, trying even to make my slender fand of knowledge on the subjsot as elastic as possible. Well, I did net believe bg was exactly an ogre, though I had heard him called the wicked Colonel Danby. People were fond of telling stories of his pride and insolence, even to those who belonged to his own class. As to the people of the village — the doctor, the lawyer, the other few in habitants such as ourselves, he simply re garded us as canaille — creatures of a dif ferent species from himself, by whom he objected to be molested in his walks. He was not married, and the only lady belonging to his family was his niece and ward, a little girl of ten or twelve, who would be hiB heiress if he did not marry. She generally lived with an aunt in London, but oame to Greyhurst when her uncle was there. Walpurga listened with undisguised in terest, and then relapsed into silence, which lasted till we reached the house where it was necessary to gn in order to procure an order to see the gardens. So engrossed was I with Walpurga and my happiness that I had rung loudly at the door before I per ceived that the blinds were all up, and that there were evident indications of the house being inhabited. I had jast begun to re member the possibility that Colonel Danby might be at home when I became aware of the scrutiny of a handsome dark-bearded man, who was smoking a cigar at an open window, from which he was observing us. At the same moment the door was opened by a footman who looked insolently at two pedestrians, and was evidently about to ask what we wanted, when I anticipated htm fay saying that we had wished to see the gardens, but had not known that Colonel Danby waB at home, and, unheeding the look of disappointment which crossed Wal- pu-ga's face, I turned to depart. The servant, however, whether angry at my apparent unconoern, or at the trouble I had given him, had the impertinence to utter some insolent remark, when a deep voice from behind thundered out bp impreoatron on his impudence. The footman vanished into space, and a man of very distinguished ap pearance — the same whom I had obsetved at the window — advanced towards as. ' I am eoiry my servant should have been uncivil,' be said. ' You wished to see the gardens ? It will give me great pleasure to show you over them myself.' His words were addressed to me. Fool that I was. I know now, though I did not perceive them then, what looks of admiration he must have direoted at Walpurga. I attempted to decline, but he would take no refusal. He oondnoted me ever the gardens and conservatories, and then offered to show us the house. There were pictures, he said, which were worth seeing — a new piano had jast arrived from London. He asked Walpurga was she musical would she try it ? She acquiesced, tried a few chords, and sang. Oolonel Danby seemed to be Btrnok dumb with admiration. Doubtless he had expected some feeble attempt to warble an easy ballad, the failure of which would be pardonable in so pretty a girl. , He could not guess till he heard her sing that Walpurga's was one of those voices whioh one thinks most have strayed by mistake from the heavenly choir Oar wedding was but two days off now. To my intense annoyance on reaching home I found a letter awaiting me whioh summoned me to London on a matter of argent business. It necessitated my starting that evening and not returning to Greyhurst until a late boor on the day before the wedding. A few words will tell the rest of my miserable story. I went, and returned to find that Walpurga had fled, but where, or how, or for what reason, there was no olue to discover. My mother met me at the door with the fatal news All that night, and tot a many a weary day afterwards, I occupied myself with a fruitless searoh, refusing to entertain the idea whioh had gained credence in every other mind. The truth did not force itself upon me when. the river had bean dragged in vain ; Wh& iSm; woods had been Searched to ho purpose j when the police had declared themselves baffled In the pursuit either of Walpurga as a fugitive, or of her corpse, if, ; In some fit of madness, she bad deserved the name by whioh I oould not bring myself to call her. My faith in ber was unshaken, until a letter in her own handwriting toM me that all the time I had worn ont my life in seeking her alive, or mourning her as dead, she bad been living abroad in contentment with the companion of her flight, Colonel Danby, to whom she said sh8 had been privately married. This, she added, she confided to me as a secret, as, for reasons of her husband's, the marriage was not to be made public for some time. My life was utterly wrecked, the wrong that broke my heart had dissipated for ever my dreams cf ambition. I renounoed the hopes which my shattered energy rendered impos sible. I resigned myself to the dull grey monotony of one cf those many existences whose end is simply to live its allotted time and whose only bright dream is the rest of the grave. My mother accompanied me to my new home at the quiet little village of Neyoolt, but only lived two years as the companion of my loneliness, and then shf went before me to the resting-place for which I longed. Ah, me ; all this was nearly forty years ago ! After that letter I never heard of Walpurga — to forget her was the task of my life, only she would not be forgotten ; she would come baok to me in dreams, and in the notes of my violin I often seemed to hear her voice again. I have said that I had a kind friend in my neighboor, Mrs. Monckton. I often fancied that she suspected something of the sorrow which had saddened my life, and that a kind and delicate sympathy was one of the motives which made her so thoughtful in promoting the only pleasure whioh lightened my desolate existence. Whenever there was any musical performance worth hearing at the nearest town I was always sent a ticket, and whenever any new musical star rose above the hcrizGn. I was sure to receive all the newspaper notices of him or her, and to be afforded the earliest opportunity of judging for myself of the aocuracy of scoh criticisms. Many, many years after the events related above, and a few before those about to be spokes of, jhe musical world was zinging with the praises of a new te.or, who bed taken London by Etorm. He was an English man, Basil Courthooe by name. Mrs. Monckton had heard hiai and been delighted, and was now anxious that I should enjoy the same pleasure. Some fatality, however, seemed to be in the way of my doirg so. Every time that the great tenor was within an acceseable distance, some trivial and unforreen circumstance always rendered my attending the concert at which he was to sing impossible. This fatality bad given rise to a strange longing on my part to hear him, and it even continued when to indulge it seemed only a longing after the impossible. For just as he reached the zenith of his fame, Basil Conrthorp made a wealthy marriage , and renounced his profession. At the time ) Mrs. Monckton was much excited by the news when it reached her. Lqdy Tremen heere, who had married the well-known singer, was an old friend of hers, she said ; and she promised that she would endeavour, If possible, to induce her and her huBband to pay a viBit to Neycolt, so as to give me the opportunity I wished for. The years went on, however, and Mrs. Monckton seemed to have forgotten all about the once- celebrated tenor, for she bad oe&eed; to speak of him or bis wife. Yet, strange to say, the longing to hear him sing, and the disappointment at my failure to do so, remained in my mind with a Tenacity at which I wondered, while I oould not account for it — I felt in some odd way as if this Courthope was not a stranger to me. I could not understand or explain the interest which awoke in me whenever the thought of bim stirred my mind. And yet be was nothing to me — rather less, indeed, than some shape one has seen in a dream. He bad vanished from the world in whioh I might have known him, and his name was never mentioned now. Another long interval passed by, when one day I received a letter from an old fellow, student.who was now one of the highest authorities in London on mentai disease. He wrote to say that he was about to commend to my care a patient in whom he was much interested — a young lady whose mind had been effected by a great sorrow. Her mother, and only surviving parent, was an willing to trust her to any care but her own, having refused to listen to the suggest tion that she should send her daughter to a private asylum. My friend here spoke very kindly of the promise I had given in my early days of rising to tbe position he had attained, and added that there was no one to whose care he would so willingly oonsign Miss Hesketh, if I would only undertake the charge. Miss Hcsketb, he said, had already made inquiries about a house in my neigh bourhood, and only waited my consent to his proposition to come to Neycolt. I con sented, and in a few days my patient and her mother were settled in their new abode. The Marshlands was & dreary-looking place, consisting of a narrow belt of land, planted for the most part with stone pines, and skirting a long, narrow sheet of water, called by courtesy a lake, but which was simply a reservoir, constructed to receive the drainage of the surrounding oountry. The house, an cgly -looking building, glaringly whitewashed, looked out from among the sombre trees, and al; day long through the leegth of the low, gloomy rooms, Yerena Hetketh, like a pale ghost, wandered up and down. She was always dressed in white ; ebs never seemed to rest. Sometimes she would pause in her walk, and stand at the window gazing out with an eager look of distraught expectation, and sometimes she would Bink to the ground from sheer ex hanstion. She seldom left the house, but now and then her mother would induce her to pace up and down the straight gravelled drive that led to the entranoe door, assuring her that no one could reach the house with out her seeing the arrival. That was the secret in ber madness. She was always ex pecting someone who never oame. Her mother did not tell me the name of the lover who bad left Verena broken-hearted bnt she gave me a brief eketeh of her nnfor tunate daughter's history. She dwelt muoh on their mutual love for each other, and told me how the years of faerdaughter's ohildhocd had been passe 1 in travelling abroad with Hie view to the tatter's education. On the score of Teresa's health she had never had any trouble, and, as to the terrible mental malady to whioh she was now a victim, no thought of such a calamity had ever crossed her brain. On neither her side of the house nor her hnsband's had there ever been a case of insanity. The only mental peculiarity to which her daughter seemed prone was a strong inclination to superstition, which had been fostered in her Infancy by an old Italian nurse. At first Mrs. Hesketh bad been rather amused by it, when Yerena, then only a child, had talked of ghosts, and amulet, and charms, of broken mirrors, and the evil eye. Later on, however, she had ccme to be seriously alarmed at perceiving that the child's mind was disturbed with fears which would cause her to wake at night screaming with terror as the supposed presence of some fright al apparition, and when she insisted on wearing charms, which her nurse told her were powerfal against misfortunes and accidents of all kinds. Mrs. Hesketh was therefore obliged to be rather severe upon this subject, which ultimately became the only point of disagreement between mother and daughter. When Yerena was eighteen they returned to England, and took up their abode in London, where they had many friends, and where they lived for two years. Up to this point, Mrs. Hesketh had spoken w ithout any embarrassment or reserve, and mentioned the names of various persons and pieces. But here her narrative grew very constrain ed, and she admitted that she could not bring herself to name, or even to indicate, in any but the vaguest manner possible, the person who now crossed their path, and who was the author of their misfortune. They had left London in the summer, and gone to a seaside plaoe. There they bad made the acquaintance of this person through chance, not through any regular introduc tion. A phaeton in whioh they were driving had met with an acoident ; a stranger bad come to their assistance. An intimacy, of whioh Bhe strongly disapproved, was tbe first result, then an engagement, which she would have forbidden, only that her love for her daughter made her shrink from thwarting her. It was one of those passionate, head long attachments, which seemed equsliy strong on both sides But tbe object of her daughter '8 affeotion, though possessed of ' many qualities whioh were calculated to fascinate, was by no means her social eqaal. Mrs Hesketh only consented to waive ber objections to the engagement afSer a sharp struggle with her own repugnance to it, and after exhausting all her powers of entreaty and persuasion in vain. And now, in the ardour of her love for this fascinating Stranger (adventurer, Mrs. Hesketh some times called biro) , Verena's superstition aweke to torment her. She seemed to think bis love a treasure so priceless that she dared not hope to retain it, aud one day she con sulted a gipsy whom she happened to meet in the neighbourhood, and asked her to tell ber fortune. It might have been expected that tbe fortune- teller, in such a case, weald have predioted, in the usual manner, a prosperous marriage and a perpetuity of happiness. Sueh, however, was not the fore cast she gave of Yerena'e future. She tcld her that all the greatest joys she might hepe to possess were at present hers, and that she was in great dinger of not being able to keep what she loved most. Yerena was nearly distracted by this dismal prophecy, confirmatory, as it seemed, of her worst fears, and whioh it is probable the gipsy only uttered to show that she oould see beyond the present, far she had doubtless gathered from Verena's answers to her questions that the u«uql objects of her predictions were her'f already. Yerena now implored, now besought, the gipBy to endeavor to avert the threatened calamity. This, of coarse, the latter was quite unprepared to do, for ber prophecies being usually of a more flattering kind, she was wont to have them received with ac- qaiescerce. At last, however, wearied by Yerena'e importunities, and fearing to con fess herself powerless in dealing with fate, she told the unfortunate girl that there was one means, and one only, which might prove not unavailing. There was her amulet, or charm, which, if she gave her lover, would form a bond of union between them so long as he retained it in his possession ; and she added that it had properties whioh would tend to inoline him to do so. He might leave Yerena for a time, or desert her altogether, bnt bo long as he held that eharm he would be powerless to forget her. She concluded by saying that the death of either or both tbe lovers would probably accompany the destruction of the charm, Yerena was to priok ber wrist, and give her lover eomething written with her blood, and fastened with her hair. Poor Yerena went far beyond what the gipsy prescribed ; for the writing meant was doubtless only some few words, some ehort expression of tender ness. Her lover had once asked her to copy a piece of music for him, and this she now resolved to write out with the terrible ink which the gipsy had ordered her to use. She looked herself up in her room, and sat all night long at her horrible task, keeping a handkerchief round her punctured wrist, and removing it when she wanted to moisten the pen. Then she ont off a tress of her hair, and pieroing the pages, tied them together with it. Her lover blamed her terrioly for her folly, and promised to keep the charm for ever. And at first, in trath. it seemed to exercise some spell upon him, which made him even more demoted to Yerena than before. The wedding was fixed for an early day in Sep tember ; the intervening time (he lovers seemed to pass in a transport of happiness. And then two days before the intended marriage the bridegroom went up to London for some necessary business. On the wed dies morning Yerena was dressed in her bridal array, when a letter came to say tbat the wedding was never to be. He wrote with evident distress, hat with an unmistakable decision. He said that in allowing himself to love her, he had endeavoured to forget obligations which bound him elsewhere, and to break a promise given before he ever saw her. Acting as he wae forced to do, he dared not speak of honour to her, but every other consideration which went to make up duty— gratitude, above all tor obligation! whloh nothing could ever repay— -left Mm no alter Dative bnt to yield to the fate whloh had overtaken him on hie visit to London, when it threw him in the way b! one Iron whom he was trying dishonourably to escape. He implored Yerena's forgiveness and com passion, and swore that' he would love her foiever. 'In this/ said Mrs, Hesketh, May the first iniquity of this villain. Had he beat tle8sly jilted my unhappy daughter she might have been miserable. She might have been broken-hearted at first, bnt she might have ended by forgetting him, and, in any eate3 time might have softened her grief. But, not content with deserting her, he tried to keep his hold on her affections, and she, poor deluded girl, went on believing iznhim, and thinking that it was only some hard fate which divided them, that one day he would return — until at last her mind gave way.' It was some time, Mrs. Hesketh said, before she herself suspected the dreadful truth, and longer still bofore she oared to faae it, but at last sbe could be blind to it no longer, aud consulted my friend. The result was his letter to me, and her migration to my neighbourhood. Her story bad touched a tender chord in my heart, and awakened % deep sympathy for the u fortunate being whose life was wrecked as mine had been. Sometimes Yerena spoke, hut it was not ofteD, and then she only spoke of 'him.' Will he come to-day ?' she would ask her mother. Sometimes she said: 'He is coming, ' and strained her ears for a sound of his anproaoh. Sometimes she said: 'He is come, but I cannot find blm,' and theu she would wander about the house, eeeking for him whom Bhe was never to eee again. Aud thus time went on. Verena Hesketh w is still nominally my patient, but I had long since told her mother and the friend who had recommended her to my care that the case w.rs one of those hopeless ones where human skill can do nothing, and where the cloud that has fallen on the reason can never be lifted on this side of the grave. Once or twice my patient's state varied so far as to m ike her spontaneously address me, or dis play a momeu'ary interest in something with which, before or after, her miud was uncon cerned. I do not mean to say a new interest, rather do I mean that the cloud seemed lifted for a moment from memories which had once been dominant ideas in her mind, bnt which were temporarily effaced, and were transitorily awakened by the recur rence of some sight, or sound, or word, or ac'ion. Oae day I accidently dropped a roll of manuscript music as £ was calling at the Marshlands. Miss Hesketh, who was standing at the window, turned hastily at the sound. Directly she saw . what had fallen, a strange and sudden change came over her. It was the work of a second, or, if possible, less, for, before I could stoop to pick up the music, sbe had darted forward with a look of indescribable anguish on her f ice. She made a movement as though she would pick up the roll, and theu she stopped in the act as suddenly as she had begun it, and remained upright and motionless, with her hands outstretched and her eyes dilated, as it were, with fright or, horror. Some confused recollection of the past was strug gling to make its way through the mist that obscured her me morv I had taken up the roll, and now held it towards her, inter preting her movements as expressive of a wish to gain possession of it. She recoiled from me. The look of horror was creeping over her whole face, and she fell insensible to the ground. The next time I came I bronght the roll of music with me, and held it towards her. This time she took it and looked at it eagerly. It was an arrangement of Schubert's 4 Erl Koaig' for the violin. She looked fixedly at it, and theu put her hand across her eyes, as if she was closing them in order to make an effort to remember. Some word seemed tryiDg to force itself between her lips — 'Par — ' 1 Pari — .' That was what the sound resembled. Then she shook her head, dropped the music, and turned away. After that I bronght music again, but without any result ; if she seemed to notice it at all, she only turned away with & gesture of weary indifference. One day, &b; I called at the Marshlands after a longer absence than usual, Mrs. Hesketh met me at the door and said she was on the point of summoning me, as her daughter was very ill. In truth she looked so, though I was afterwards less alarmed than I was at the first sight of Verena Hesketh's wan face, when 1 learned that for two davs and two nights she bad stood at the window listening, shesaid, for the sound of his coming. She had hardly tasted food, and she had refused to lie down. She occasionally left her post, to see, she said, that everything was la readiness for his arrival, and to look for his music, though this she could never find. As I entered the long, low, wainscoted drawmgroom, I saw her standing at the window, half sideways — her bead a little bent, Br if she was straining her ear to oatch a s mnd. She did not look op at my approach, although she seemed to be conscious of my preeence, and to have recognised me by the sound of my footsteps on the polished floor. 4 The time i-s drawing near — he is coming,' she sa'd. 4 Listen. Cannot you hear the sound of the wheels ? They are very far off, that is why they are eo faint.' I conld not conceal from her mother that I was seriously alarmed, though I. felt it was too soon to say deoidediy_ that sbe was hopelessly ill. As I was leaving the room she ran across and seized my band. 4 Yon know he is aoming. Mark my words, he will soon be here,' she said. 4 Who is ooming, my dear ?' I asked. She put hen hand across her eyes, as she always did when sbe tried to reoollect. 1 He, Ehe said, 4 Oh, why oannot 1 Ihink of his same?' and then she relapsed into silence j and I was unable to protraot my J®8 On my return home I found a ktter awaiting me, which a short time ago would have caused me great pleasure. It wasirotQ Mrs. Monckton, who wrote to say that she was able to promise me an opportunity of at last hearing the great tenor, Basil Oourthope, but that I should have to pay for the pleasore ky contributing my ahare as a performer at the eoccprt in which be was to take part. explained that a sum of money was required for a local charity, and ahr thought of tryiPfi to raise it by means of oohcert, which a0?6/ »ttractIoni. She had succeeded dn inducing Mr. Oourthope to promise his valuable assistance j and as his engagements only Uft him the following week free the concert had1 to be got up rather in a Z' He and bis wife, Lady Tremenheere, were to be Mrs. Monckton s guests next week, any other diet ngnisbed musicians whom ehe could colleot, and she oounted on my arranging my professional visits so that nothing should interfere with my beir-g pretent at the concert, which was to take place at her house. I have said that at another tiriis t should have felt pleasure in the prospect of gratifying the wish i which I had entertained so long, but now that it seemed near I felt a shrink ing reluctance instead. Perhaps it was that the sorrow with which I had been brought into such dose contact art the Marshlands had touched me more deeply than I was aware of, ana given me & disinclination for plea sure, even of such a sort as I could ever find. However, I wrote to accept the invi tation, and played over the mueio I was expected to perform ; but I never oould do it to my own satisfaction, for my thoughts had become so unruly that in spite of myself they wandered away to the bygone years, and the saenes of the lost happiness of my youth. Where was the faithless Walparga ? What corner of the earth held her dust if she was dead ? What sphere of eternity her soul ? Had her perfidy brought her joy or sorrow as its reward ? Did she die in the bloom of her youth and beauty ? or was ehe living still and as changed as I ? And then my thoughts would revert to Yerena Hes keth, and wonder over her cruel destiny, and I would find myself trying to hear ia the voices of the wind the mysterious sounds of his ooming, which she said grew nearer each day. Is was the day of the concert. I had been delayed in various ways, and was obliged to postpone my vieit to the Marshlands until the evening, when I oalled there on my way to the Moncktons. When I entered the drawingroom I found it a blaze of light ; every candle and lamp.- in the house seemed to have been brought there iu addition to the ohandelier and old-fashioned candelabra on !?®. a®» all of which had been put into Requisition. Verena was sitting on a couch with a vacant pl&oe; beside her. There was & strange tranquil serenity about her atti tude which contrasted strongly with her usual restlessness. As soon as my eyes rested on her face I saw that death was written there. Her voice was hardly audible, but she spoke to me. 4 He has come,' she said, 4 He will soon be here if you see him tell him the time is near when we shall meet again,' then she relapsed into silence It was heart-breaking to have to tell her poor mother the worst. She bore it with a patience that was all the more touching because it was the patience of despair. She did not shed a tear, I think, bee&use; she had wept her eyes dry long since. I took my leave, saying I would return to- morrow, but I knew that then I should fiad her alone. It was most painful to me to have to go t-o a scene of gaiety and amusement, and I think I would' have given all that I possessed to have stayed with that dying girl to the end. Had it been possible for me to be of the slightest use, I must have broken my engagement and remained ; but I knew that I oould do nothing. As soon ae_I arrived at the hall, I clearly perceived from Mrs. Monokton's satisfaction at my coming, What disappointment and vexation any failure of my engagement would have oaused. 4 1 must oenfees,' she said, 4 that I have been afraid of your failing us all day. Mr. Oourthope has not yet appeared — I believe he never does till the last moment. That is his wife, Lady Tremenheere, sitting in the front row.' A email orchestra had been erected at the end of the room, the centre of which was oooupied with rows of chairs. In the front row I now saw a short, swarthy, over dressed woman, who presented an appear ance of scarlet and gold raiment, and mahogany-o loured shoulders, while her black hair was elaborately dyed aud studded with diamonds. This was Lady Tremenherre. It seemed that the commencement of the concert had to be deferred for half ao hour, as a London prima donna, who was ex pected, bad to travel by a later train than had at first been arranged. My place, onoe the performance began, would be on the orohestra, bnt as yet cone of the performers bad taken their places. 1 Glad to see you, doctor,' said Mr. Monck ton, as I was making a survey of the room wbieh was fast filling. 4 You are in good time. This sort of thing does not bore you as it does me. My wife is the best woman in the world ; but you know I don't care for thesb singing fellows that she fills the house with. You are fond of music, so I need not expect much sympathy from you. Lady Tremenheere is an old friend of my wife's ; but that husband of hers — it's us much as I can do to ba civil to the fellow. He is a son of Colonel Danby, Lady Trempnbeere's uncle. His mother was a foreigner,, and a singer, too, I think ; and she ran eff with old Danby — be was young then— the day she was to have been married to a poor devil of a medioal student. I beg your pardon, doctor; I forgot to whom I was speaking. Lady Tremenheere was years older than this boy when she fell in love with him long ago — before she married her first husband — and, when he died, she threw herself and her fortune at this Courthope's head ; and he, like a wise man, accepted both. By the way, they say, tdo, that the fellow took a leaf out of bis mother's book, and, in order to marry Lady Tremenheere, jilted a poor girl to whom he had got engaged at a seaside place, and she went mad in consequence. By Jove, doctor, yoa look awfully ill. Yon had better oome with me and have some brandy. You have been working tco hard all day.' I scarcely heard him. I declined his offer of brandy, and fcott6red to my place on the orchestra. The mysteries of the past were unrolling themselves before my ey6s; the secrets of the bygone years, after whiob I had groped in vain, lay bare before me now." ThiB Oourthope was Walpurga'e son. Here lay the secret of the interest I had taken In the unknown singer whom I had never beheld. Some yeatbing of nature towards the son of the woman who should have been the mother of my ehildren. w All unheeded by me the room had filled the performers had taken their places. My consciousness only eeetoed to return when the great tenor appeared, wfcenT felt Mb presence „ f6 1 aotual1? aaw Even apart from all the reasons whiah oaused him to be an ob- j ot of such deep interest to me, his appear ance would have strcok me at any time—be i was singularly handsome, tall and dark, aud ' he had Walpurga's eyes; but the moBt striking thing about his feoe was its ex- prepsion of profound melancholy ; I never saw e) devd a face. The revelations of the last few moments and the terrible a ewer they furnished to the riddles that had vexed my life — the proximity of one whose destiny was so strangely inter woven with mine, rather to whose existence I owed the distracting threads in the woof of my fate ; these things all but unnerved me, and I was only reoalled to myself by the voice of the conductor, who reminded me that my name was included in the first item in the programme. It was the symphony of Beethoven in C minor, where, when asked the meaning of four recurring notes, the composer said they meant 4 Destiny knocking at the door.' Destiny, destiny, deBtiny j those weird knocks sent a terrible thrill all through me. I played meohanioally ; and when I came to the end I heard a noise whloh they B&id; afterwards was a tumult of applause. And now, from this chaos of confused ideas, which is the only form in which any recollection of the rest of this night still lingers, how shall I dieentangle any coherent narrative of the entrance and accomplish ment of that destiny which was knocking so loudly to announce her approach ? A few brief seconds sufficed for it all, hot words are only a slow and ponderous medium for eit pressing the lightning-like rapidity with which all that I am about to relate actually occurred. The emotion through which I had just passed would, I suppose, quite account to anyone ignorant of some of my past history for the sadden faintness and illness which overcame me and all but oansed me to retire. But I knew well it was no common sickness ; to my horror I reoognised the return of the loathsome weakness which had tormented my youth. Instinctively I felt that the object which had aroused it was near ; my eye had fallen upon it in -the strange form under which it had roused these dormant feelings of abhorrenoe. I am sure I should <-"have fainted had not a feeling stronger even than the sickening fear arisen to combat it, and force me, as it were to struggle with the lethargy which was laying its leaden Bleep npou my eyes. The great tenor bad stood up to siGg for the first time in adnet with the prima donna. The object whioh affected me so strangely was the piece of music he held In his hand. It was manu script — faded — worn — tattered. It leaves were fastened with a tress of hair, and it was written in blood. However, I pieced together in the after- time the fragments of this weird story, I did not think of connecting them then. Imagine the feeling of a cramp as It subsides— the sensation known as your band or foot being 4 asleep,' that of wrestling with drowsiness or slumber if you feel that yoa mast keep awake, or if you would shake off a bad dream, and you will have some idea of what I felt, and of-the effort it eost me to retain not only my senses, but even consciousness. I heard the opening notes played, I heard a voice, not Walpurga'e, hut oh, how like it ! A man's voice, powerful, and exquisitely sweet, and rich, and tender, begin the duet Parigi O Cara. But oh, the horrible, tattered music that he held in his hand ! worn to these tatters by freqnent. perhaps loving use, written in blood, sewn together with human hair ! Whose I knew too well. It seemed to me that Yerena Heeketh's parting spirit was fluttering about the pages. With an involuntary movement I started from my seat. The tenor turned bis eyes and met mine. I do not know whether it was that his hand faltered, that unconsciously he moved, and struck against the side of the piano — bat the space was small, some candles were placed too near ; one of them oaoght the mueio in his hand, and the pages broke oat into a blaze. Of course a panic ensued. The tenor had dropped the burning mueio ; a pieroing ery rang through the room. I know not if anyone but myself was aware that it came from his lips. At this moment the clock struck ten. Someone crashed out the flames, bat not till every particle of the song was consumed. Oourthope had fallen senseless on the floor. With the disappearance of the object which had oansed my faintness, the faintness itself disappeared, and I waB enabled to oome to the assistance of one who — a single glance showed me — was far more serlouely affected than I had just been. His wife had made her way to the orchestra, and reached his Bide just as consciousness was beginning to return, but he waved her aside. They carried bim to an adjoining room, where restoratives were applied, and Itook my place beside him. He was very weak, but he made an effort to speak, and to tell everyone to leave him except myself, and then be bade me look the door. 4 1 want to tell you at once,' he said, 4 that I am. dying, that not all your skill — were it the greatest in the world — oould save me. I repeat I am dying. Do not laugh at the words of a dying man. As surely as I believe this — as surely as it will oome to pass, death laid his hand upon me when that piece of music was destroyed just now. It was the link that bound my life to another, and that life must have ceased at the moment when the bond which united as was consumed. Yoa will find that my palse grows feebler each moment until it ceases to beat.' I dared not contradict him. Every word he spoke fitted with horrible exactness into the Destiny who was tearing ine by her presence, Destiny who had come to avenge my wrongs by wreaking an ironical vengeance on the offspring of Walparga's infidelity. I conld mly listen in silence to the story he told me, having first implored him to show compassion to his wife's anxiety by admitting her, or noticing the repeated knocks and entreaties for admission with wbioh the door was besieged. Most cf his history I knew already. He was bora abroad, he said, His mother : dieel when bfc whs eight years old, op to whioh tline hohadajways believed that she was really married to Colonel Danhy. At ner death be was brought to England by his father, and when he was old enough to under- stand was told by him : that the supposed marriage of his parents was only a sham. He : was brought on his arrival in England to Grey burst, and was told that henceforward be was to be called Ccnrthope. Ha was placed under the care of a tutor, and when ha was old enough was taken to Italy, there to be trained as a public sin er. Colonel 1 Danby and his niece were living in Florence, j and all the time young Courtbdpe was not ! engaged at his musical studies he paeeed ! with them. Of bis wife (as she was now) he i spot. bo nnkjnd or .lighting wort, but he I implied that the attachment which ultimately ! resulted in their marriage had begun on her aide. She was maoh older than he, and his youthful vanity was flattered by ber en couragement. Soou alter, however, she married old Lord Tremenheere, a great match so far as wealth was concerned. Colonel Danby lived to see his son and protege reach the summit of his fame, and then be died, While almost at the same time Lady Tremenheere was left a widow. Not long after, he found himself at the little sea side place of which Mrs. Hesketh bad spoken, and where he made the acquaintance of her and her daughter. He told me of his engage ment to Yerena, and of her visit to the gipsy, adding that the superstitious belief of hie betrothed in the charm had so infected him that he had come to believe in it himself. He had never since sung that duet from any other piece of music. He had grown to feel that his life was bound up in these tattered fragments. And then he told me of his visit to London the day before his intended marriage wih Verena, Now, nothing was further from his mind than any thought of infidelity to ber, when fate threw Lady Tremenheere in his way onoe more. He spoke with bitter penitence of bis desertion of Yerena, and of his conviction that now she was avenged. He felt a certainty that sbe must have died at the moment when the link that united them was destroyed. He sank back exhausted, and looked at me as if for a confirmation of his belief, when my attention was withdrawn from him for a moment by seeing a letter pushed under the door, since all attempts to procure admittance had failed. In fao!, while t listened to Courthope's story, and watched his dying face, I had become deaf to all those sounds without — nor did I he'd them as I crossed the room and took up the letter. It was marked 'Immediate,' and direoted to me fom Mrs. Hesketh, and contained only a line or two to Hay that her daughter had breathed her last as the clock struck ten. I tried to master my emotion. The ash shadow was beginning to steal over Coart hope's face. The knocks became loader and loader. 4 She is dead,' he eaid. ' I see it in yoar face. Yerena Hesketh ife dead.' I bowed my head. I believe I said yes. I cannot remember how I Bpoke. It seemed as if they were going to force the door. 4 Keep them out for one moment,' he whispered. 4 One word more. My mother left me a letter to be opened when I could understand its oontents. It told me that I should sometime find the man whom sbe bad deceived, and that I should bring her his forgiveness — when . His name was— ' I am Philip Gilbert,' I said. They had broken in the door, but Basil Oourthope was dead. 