The . V.'.C. Bpring uMettng. THE DERBY DAY. (raoM SATuRDAY''s HEALD.) 'The greatest national race-meeting of the Australian.oolonies was inaugurated at Flemington to-day. Visitors. have beef fdocking -into the ?ity?from ~all quarters recently, and the tide ofcentrat lisation :islikely to flow on up to 'tihe eve of Cun Day. ?he presence of three additionalrGovernora with -their -re: tainershas lent brilliancy td the meeting, and,mention must not be omitted of Admiral Tryon and his?ofi.ceis, ?ho by reason of the Nelsonreqniringher spring -iockingwer`e enabled to combine busi news with pleasure. "-Trains ran at short intervals during ;the day,: the ,railway arrangements workifg efficiently and smoothly.. The results and details of thi?different events are give as aider : xE LBOURNE bTAKEL c.. - oolka (Olds)... .... .... t 4pnomy (Quinn) .. .. Bravo (Gallagher)' ... ... 3 1ihe following also started:-AShet Anchor,, Grace Darling, Industry, 3feuotti, Lord William, Tamarisk and Crossire.'" Betting: 3 to 1 againstIsonomy, 4 to 1 against Sheet Anchor, 6 to I against Industry, 8 to I:Bravo or Lord William, Half rwaynphe straight Ionomy had seemingly 'i"ipo?ed of everything, but :Boolks: thei crept on the rails and cangh hini. Isonomy got his head in front again, but Boolka answering gamely every callwhich Olds made upon him, truggled desperately and got level sg andlas nd the two passed the judge's box?ihp rnoses were level, and he gave it a dead heat. Bravo was third, three ]ength. off, "and" Lord-William fourth, Sheete,,. nchor ,,fifth,, Industry sixth, M3enotti~ seventi? and Crossfire eighth. Time.EL inn.in12fe.s "The owners of .sonomy and Boolkas decided to run off a.ter the last race. Itiptrap (Rainiage) .. ... 1 I texham (Huxley) .. Lwncer,(Soith):.. ..: .: ".3 Th a starters were Ri'ngmaster, Lancer, Silver* King, First Prihice, Lesbia, Ilex ham, SClptrap, ,Remus, Salvo, Genoe,, The Pereidaud Fnh o'Silver. -Betting: 3 to I asinst Hexham, 6 to .I against First Rrince, 8 to I against Ringmaster, Claptrap, Salvo, or The Pencil, 10 to 1 against the others. At theturn, Claptrap came through his field like a tlash of lightning, and was soon lengths il' front of everything. Finding that he wa.s winning so easily amnage eased r[. Whlittingham's representative,. but even then he won by over three lengths from Ilexham, Lancer a good third. Th l'encil was fourth, Fish o' Silver fifth, Salvo sixth, HRingunter seventh, Lesin',s eighth, Genoe ninth. First Prince got rid of his rider, Sanders, near the river. Time -2min. iihse. TrE x.utTIYNONY; PLATE. Iloriense (Campbell) ... .. .1 Huntingtower (Kelso)... .. Bedouin (Power) ... ... 3 The 'following were the runners: IIortense, Bedouin, 3IMtamua, Essex, Escuntcheon, Albert Loddon, Jebusite Loyalist, Aberdeen, lnntingtower, Per haps, Mistletoe, Fancy Free, Eckersley Esperance, Lava, Oceana! Miranda. Bletting, 4 to 1 agains Lava, 6 to 1 against Perhaps or Mistletoe. 7 to i against lHortense, 10 to l bar four. At the distance Oceasi and Hunting tower were leading,'Aberdeen showing next. -Hortenso hadteverything else in trouble at the half distance, and came on with a lead of Bedonin, apparently wii ning"easily. Kelso, however, brough luntlingtower along iWith a good rattle opposite.the stand, and Hortense onl3 b--bat the colt by a short half- length Bedouin was close up third, Lava fourth, Aberdeen fifth, •Eckersley sixth, and ;Essex aniid istletoe last .Ti.me-lmint sec..' TILE VICTORIA DERBY. One mile and a. half. Trident (IHaleosdl .: .. 1 Chesham (Robertson) . - :Aglaos .(Power)' .; The'followingistartel- :-First Consul (O'Brien), Aglaos, (Power),t Cheshan (Robertson), Kingfish '(M'Grade);- Tri 'dent(Hales),' Volcano (Ellis), .Madde rina (Colley.) Bitting:' to 1 on rident, ) to 1 again't 3lMddelina, 1Oit 1- Volcaeno, 12 to 1 Chesham,or. Eirst Consul, 20 to 1 'Aglaos or5Kingfilsl"; * J s . The flag fell to. ihadmirable start, thesbiam and Kin'gfish beu;off sliglihtly the quickest, bat they were immediately ?applanted by Volcano 'w :lio I.lil'by fth tand; followed b1i Cheshani Kingfish and 3kaddclina. At the turn Volcano held a' tiwo lengths lead of Cheshlni'; exo~ to whont cameo Maldelina, followed by 'Tiident; who ' who -- stridiun along easily,, and Aglaos. Volcano rather improved his position in rtmning along by the river, some four lengths separat ing, him from Chesham; who wasi heading 'the others,"Kingfisilh coming next, then Maddelina, and Tiderit'with Aglaos next, and First Consol acting as whiliper in. At the back Chesham dress up to Volcano and was. very nearly on level terms with hiith'.Trident; King 1sher,'ahd Mizddelin'allig 'in a bnuiinh; three lengths off, dild First' Consl tailing off. In the vicinity of the 'battoirs Volcani'go cdearof Chesh?im, who had a cleiir lead of. the favorite, Kingfish running next' two lIdigthh in front" of Maddelina, a~nd then Aglaos. The order was- the' same pssing. the aheds,'eicept'that 'Cheshdm had drawri -loter to Volcano; Trident and Kingfish holding the.thiid and fourth positions. ?efore t? titaight was entered, Volcano having fulfilled his mission, retired,'and Trident set sail after Chesham, who was pulling very. hard, and looking like a winner. Chesham' continued to lend, and came around the turn and up the straight in advance of Trident. It was not: until the stand had. been nearly reached that Trident, in response .to hales's call; passed Chesham, came away from ahm, and beat him by. a length. Aglaos was about 15 lengths' off. hird First Consol fourth, Kingfish fifth, Maddelina sixth, and'Volcano last.. : Time:2 min 39 seq. As the winner returned to the pad dock he showed signs of rather severe punishment - which he had received. Aftei Hales had weighed in, the blue ribbon was placed 'on Trident, and the, horse led round the lawn. The hon Janes 'White, the rider,, and the hors4 received cheer after cheer. ''This is' the 'fourth' Derby winner Hales has ridden. He had the mount on Bresis, Grand Flaneur' Navigator and nows on Trident. Of, these Briesis and Grand'Flaneur also w?on the Mel bourne Cup in their Derby years; and Hales rode Grand Flaneur in 'the Cup. - ' SThe Hon. 'J. White, the owner of Trident, has now won four Victorian Derbys, namely, with' Chester, Martini Henry,N?ordenfeldt arid Trident, Chester and Martini-Henry also won the Cup in' ther Derby years. This is the same time as that taken by :Martini-.Henry, which was the fastest on record. Darebin anid Navi. gator came next" with 2 mrin. 414 'sec. Gratd. Flaneur's time was 2 min. 44 sec. STIgCG RACE. - Seven':forlongs. Huron (ITo?hie)... ... ... 1 The Ghost (Gorry) ... .... - Stahford (Fiddes) . .. The starters were:--The Baron, Heron, Ellington, Stafford, Louis, The Ghost, Straight Shot, Roysterer. Betting: Even money against The Ghost, 4 to I against Ellington, 6 to i against Huron, 7 to 1 against Straight Shot, 10 to 1 against the others. Huron won easily by two lengths from The Ghost, with Stafford the same dis tnce away third. Ellington was fourth, Louis fifth. T''ime.-1 min. 2sec. The winner was bought in for 230 guines, all of which goes to the club. coareR; sRTaKES. Oneo mile and a furlong. DIaystar (Williams) ...... 1 St. John (Williamson) ... 2 Hogmanay (Ilobertaon) ... ; The following horses ran:--William Tell, D)unlop, Lord Wilton, Satyr, HRecall, lard.nia, St. John, The Nun, 'on cahontas, The Agent, Ncmnaster. IIog manay, Gadfly, Albanus, [Maroney, Myall King, Goldlake, The Fobber, IRosar" and Daystar. Betting: 6 to 1 against The Nun or Goldlake, 8 to I against Gardenia, The kAent, or, St. John, 10 to 1 against 'uncahontas, William Tell, Hlogmanay, or Dunlop. In the straight a magnificent raeo be. tweein Daystar and 'St. John ended in a barahead victoryfor Daystar, Hogmanay third. Time.-.lmin. 474secs. Th6 :rn off for the '3toL'EuIrE STAKES esulted as follows: Isonomy (Quinn) ... ... 1 Boolka (Olds) ......... Won by three lengtlhs. 