BURNS CLUB. The members of the Barns Club held their usual moiiihh- meeting at the Masonic-hall yesterday evening. There was a large attend ance, Mr" A. Kethel, M.P., presiding. A short programme of musical selections was gone througu, and Mr. A. T. Teller gave some reminiscences of his early days in the colony. Commencing from the date of his lauding at Queen's wharf in It-ill-', he gave a short description oi the city of .Sydney as it then appeared from Woolioomooloo. which was a mud flat, past Paddiugton and Waverley, which were then bush minis: .St. Andrew's Cathedral, the walls of which were just above ground ; York-street, which was a Iju=1> road ; \V vnvard-srpiarc, on which stood the barracks, to'Bvruioat, where two houses then stood. At the time of his lauding no ram had fallen tor two vears. An amusing uescription ot the schoolmasters ot that day was given. An anec dote wmch caused some amusement was that of a man wlio, heing a cauuiuaie tor I'arltameiu, had a requisition urawn up iu his favor which, on examination, was louud to contain the j names trout tee tomustones m the ni-igutioring Churchyard. Shortly alter the iocuuer s arrival in the ceiony his family removed to .Mait.and, the journey occupying ju«t about twice the time it now takes. Mattiaud was then inmost entirely bush land, much of it being let on clearing leases, which were not very protilable undertakings. Bucks were numerous in the district at that time, and were very quarrelsome. One of these peopie, wumideil in a light, was brought into the camp apparently Jileiess, wttn I a severe cut trom a boomerang. Dl'ieu leaves were procured aud set on lire and applied lo the lie rumg wounds. The bicediug stopped, and in a short time the black was to an ap pearance as well as ever. Tne speaker said he had often attempted to ascertain whether the aborigines believed in a .Supreme Beiug. Be was told on one occasion by a black that, "Bv-and-bve one big blackfcllow come baes i" the'tradition being that a black went to where Xeweastte now stands, aud was hilled, and that by-and-bve he would return and kill every one for vengeance. It was very uoubifitl, how ever. whether there was any idea of a God', in the aboriginal mind. Up country, when a person -arrived at a station, the question then, as now, was, "What are Government -oing to do for us V" But in this case the ouestion was put by the station hands, who were nearly all convicts released on ticket, and were hoping that the Government would give . them their freedom. Mention was made of Eislier's Ghost, of Campbelltown, and Mr. TeUer alluded to Mr. .Suitor's version of the storv recently published in 'J'lte Daily Teleyraph, adding that "in his opiuion Mr. Sattor was too late in the day, as the old colonists preferred to stick to their'belief iu the ghost. 