Celebrities at Home- sir Arthur Hodgson, K.C.SLG., at Clopton Houso, Stratford-on-Avon. (From the World.) A picturesque lane leads you from the old-fasbioncd streets of Stratford-upon- Avon and the half-deserted Birmingham coach-road to the wooded slopes of Wclcombe, Tbe slender spire of Shakespeare's church, the willow-fringed Avon, and half a score strag gling Warwickshire villages, are just visible amidst uio naze winch generally hovers in summer-time over the broad valley at your feet. A dip in the hillside and the thick foliage of the elms aud chestnuts help to hide the ancient home of the Cloptozia from view, till you come suddenly on an open gate and the low ivy-covercd wall which skirts the grass-grown inoat and bounds the smooth lawn before the house, on which every owner and occupant 1ms succeeded in leaving bis mark. The rcd-brown tiles, the lofty chim ney-stacks, the heavy sash-windows, the pro jecting eaves, and tbc carved mouldings, ail belong to tho time of tbc Btuuits ; high up in the central gable you see the arms and the device of the Walkers— Aoyautd men hmu ncur ; tho " engle and tun " of the Cioptons, cut in stone, still hold tbeir place over the arched window, which was once the front door ; nnd tbc weather- beaten marble divini ties who peep oat furtively from the laurels date from the reign of tho Georges. The beauty of the China roses, the jasmine, and the Pyrus Japontca, which clamber at will over tho house-front, atones 111 a measure for the white paint and plaster which have long concealed tho colour of tho original brick work ; wbilo the sweet scent of orange- blossom which pervadeB tbe entrance-hail prevents your quarrelling with tbe architec tural heresy which, half a century ago, con demned you to approach the venerable man sion of the Cloptons dc Clopton through a modern conservatory. A spreading bay-tree stands on each side of tbc gloss door; orange-trees in green tubs are 6ccn through the open windows ; ferns, fuchsias, and gera niums flourish on marble tables ; and the figures of two stern-visuged Roman matrons guard an archway, through which you catch a glimpse of a reduced replica of the Warwick Vase in nn inuer vestibule, half hidden by begonias and petunias and lb e crimson leaves of tbc colcus. Tbe window of tbo Squire's study looks out on the Aus tralian! gum-trees and the oleanders which prosper exceedingly in tbe warmth of this sunny ball. He has already perceived your prcsenco : a kindly voice bids you welcome to Warwickshire, and >ou arc soon deep in the affairs of Stratford-upon-Avon, tbe de tails of the previous day's ceremonial at Osborne, nnd tbc future festivities of the Colonial pilgrims. Everything around you savours of hard work; the windows alone interrupt tbe un broken lino of books and book-shelves; the great drugget and hearthrug bear many signs of wear; and the great square table in tbe centre of tbo room is insufficient for tbe ac commodation of tiro papers which Kir Arthur Hodgson is occopied in arranging when you Interrupt by your arrival. He holds in bis band tho ltoccption Committee's corrected programme of Colonial hospitalities for August, as bo leaves tbe roomy writiug-chsir and leans ayslmt tire gray matblc mantel shelf. on which a etAiUtry pU.tograph of Sir I'hlllp thmlitfediwen stem to preside over piles oi btotoriraj IwritettoTf-eafdi and the plane and mttm oi » htttsdred feteU, The Mayor ot btfaifoT(hu;iorAvori to a very young man ilJL When Atthar Hodgson was born, il&xp; 9 HI, still lived; and at- though bis fair is white, Ms stalwart figure Is not n whit toss erect, nor eye less bright, than tbey were when he wenttomakc bis fortune at ttefiing Down five-and-forty years ago. Jilt rartaraJ energy fc as keen as ever; fw Las com mi ot hU round of Colonial cekf/rattcDX almost rmacathed ; but be has a great deal to do before he starts to morrow tor bis weiieaimd holiday at Kfa- singen, Krerythtng yotr see about yotr re minds you of I tit manifold occupations in wbicblreetocte to Ike evening of Ms life. Beneath tbe Brines ot Wales's framed auto graph lettered thank' for services rendered in connection with tbe i'atis EMMtio« of 1 878, is placet a hksek UhotfMe oi Drv Keate of Eton ; nnd tilr Atthar proudly produces Htapylton's Jteterel I from Its place be tween Mom's JwdtrsJ Manml and Uteri's Hur'vd Hvirtl, and tegitis to talk of the time when u H&fywi; tni " was well up In the Fourth form, thirty places above his old friend " Dolly H 1Ae Well, Arthor Hodgson named an district after the old school; and It rnqfrfre some effort on your part to bring htm to other subjects of more pressing iwpwtamic, the imtp of Darling Downs is rekgsted to » comparatively ob scure comer, and go U the photograph of the members oi I be fjrsMxfxtid Ministry, in which be figures as (UAonM Secretary, The elaborate chain#! oiiUx which he presented to the Coj|)orettert oi ftfrtttfard ffes enhceded on a chair, and tbe r etse fa which Messrs; Garrard have cmhimcd the fnslgnht of the order be only the day before received from Queen is nverdwiow&t; try the wtaof thanks of the Mayor and Atdciroew of Canterbury engrossed of the Colonial KzhihUtoti ralngfev with the heraldic Jwjwlri bead. which distinguish all missives from I be " Mayor's I'arionrs'f and tbc lad i w/MMmiifZtiioitx frorn the depart ment of the Board of Green CSotU and Sir Albert Wooh' totters are very Irreve rently jostled by the bye-laws "made by the Mayor, Aldcrww, and Bnrgeascs of Htrat- ford with respect to ntMti&s;/' ,th tics of tbe Btoneteigh Blfle Corwrof itlon, and half a doren tocsl sVrWrrpfloff lists. Bir Arthur now consents to show yon the beauties of his boose, awl he accordingly leads tbe way to tbe bread oaken staircase, which U close to tire s tttdy do or. Here yon sea many of. tireptetore described in Wil liam Howillte Vwte to JftmorhihU Maei. Sir Edward Walker, Charles il/s "Ga.'tcr," Jiangs j>eawfwJly. Wider , the portrait ,©f Cromwell's mother ; there Is a grave donbt as to wj retire? tire rad-fceed girl In fair hate and a brocaded down U Arabslbi Start or one of 'the two dead todies wire favour Clopton with tbeir vifcits In tire spirit, - Yon pm on, And ascend through r/wwy crooked and myateribns passages to tire tow-roofed garret, where the WAlto are etlll inscribed with 'texts ftotti thd 1'rorerbs, and in which ihegoods and chattels of luckless Ambrose ftoofcwood were seized at the time of tire Gunpowder Mof, The floor of tbe adjoining room Is s«p|o«d to he stained by tire blood of a rnntdcrtd butler, who also belongs to tire band of ghosts, and whose dc3ib tbe screech ot fire white owte fn- ttfo elms outeide, Befraefng your step, yon come to the dining- room, with the massive beams and moulded celling. Grim portraits of long-dime fory/Men Clopier,#, walkers, and PartJrertehej nearly cover the band of old leather above tire dark oaken wainscoting; From the centre panel of the carved and sombre overmantel tire i«le anxiorrs face of Joyce Counted of T 'dries and heiress of Cloj>ton garres from freMfid a row of ffcafford- shire u Toby "togs at Zecelrero'sf factor of her hurband, (is sorgg Carew, Ambassador to France and Roland and Master of the Ojdnance to James i„ a portly gentleman in doublet ami trunk-bow. The at r afgbt-backed chairs eoveml with crmson feather, the tiled fireplace, ami the brass dogs are in perfect harmony with the character o f-the room, and m U tire deep bay-window, In which yoy see in leaded and stained gbmikc arms and- mottoes of tbe various lords 'of Clopton, Yen then enter the Mlffard-room, where a portrait oi Mr Walter tteUteh and tbe masks won by Mtw Hodgson with the Warwickshire bounds attract- your attention ; pause for a moment In the Lorrdote, now dedicated to the nee&adtl;&f; of the fifcakc- sj>eare Habitation of the Rrimrosc T/cagric, and pass out through fire French window of tbe cootost and mo ft comfortable of drawing- rooms to tire (kmooflreat and greenest of lawns. At lire back oi the hoase yotr will he shown the splendid five-aided mnllioned Tudor window of fire servant's hafb and the sculpture! etone arch (now wailed np) through which tf hafcesjreare mttsi have walked many times when he vi died bte friends. Nothing ha ehati'j&t; so little as the gar dens, The shruWrerfe#, the rich red-brown walJItowere, tire alleys, tire shaded ftonds, the cosy arbours, fire toox- borderand the per plexing admixture oi flower and fruit, all belong to other times, Ax he wander from grass-plot to grasptot, Stir Arthur Hodgson aJmoitforgcte'tlre wants of tire Colonists and his carefully j/repared schedule of "distin guished visitors " at ffottlh Heruingtony for there to nosubjeei tor personal conducting " so much to bis taste a hU well-kept garden, where he can point out tire scene of "Lady Margaret's " t/agfc cteaKb, the grove haunted by ''Lady ClrerMte H (btf/fed alive In the family vault by mUiahe% or the stone which covers " The l/Ay oi a favourite silver-eagle, starved to death by the negligence of a houre-keeper, Novewfrer 2Zth,i7!t'o". .While you explore the mx/ts and corners of Ms domain, Mr Arthur Ib/lgren (cite you the story of bto «reeewf#l lite. Born in a Here fordshire vicarage in isltt, he went to Eton whew he was ten ; served M a rnid- tbipmnow fomd tire Catiopv frowJ8£?to J8;i7 ; passed four terms at Ccrjms Chtisti College. Cambridge; and then' set out to make his fortune in ftmensland. After scrring aw apprewfteertdp In "squatting," Mr George Gij-p showed him Allan GW nigham's map of fire newly-discovered Darling Dowwv, ami there he went and settled, paying tire Goverwmer.tfor an annual license awd aw asrew/zren f on his cattle. He built a we/tew Jmre In Eton Vale, and in J8J3 was fortunate enr/ugh to marry the daughter of tire then Chief Justice of New Bomb Wales, who has \nmv\ tire most. help ful of helpmates, Coat year Inter he came home, owd Arm then he has made eight voyages to and from Australia, gyatig round the world each time. Having succeeded as a squatter, Ire iqcame l« manager <>1. the Australian Agricultural Cmt#nyf mi after wards M,R, tor Jiewcostle, Between 1862 awl. W/> he lived a good deal in Europe. On his journey home in 1867 tire Tfcbbo/rre Claimant was his fellow- jossewger, ami Hit Arthur, as tire recipient of hto confide/tear < imagining a'swpposed attack of fit, Vitus' dance, w as afterwards a witness in the trial at Iter, Before he porefeascd Clopton, and settkxi tUnmto.ihe duties of an English squire, the owner ot Mton Vale w as fox a tim Colonial Keeretary at Brisbane, He had already done yjxd service in the Londow Kxhmtbn oi 1>M and tire Ban's KxbibLlow of I£ti7 a CvtnminUmer for Queensland, fn Itfli he went in the same rapacity to Vienna, and his exertions at Parts in Ifi7fi (Ire wa now a S,V, and til,, tor Warwickshire) gained him the Coro- j>sniowship ot lire O/der of Hi, Michael and fit, George, which Ire received at the hands of the Prince of Wales in person, lie was fiheriff of tire county In J&ri-2;, nd has filled the post of %layor itaif/mUut/jroAvort since 188J, lie to a tmriee of fihafcerpearc' house, and an active member 'of every public body fn the ancient town, to the welfare of which he devotes most of his tim?, tie became a Royal Commissioner oi ihe Colonial Exhi bition of 1%W, ml as General ifeciviaiy of the ikccpU'/u VmtuilU# law ou great ex' tent contrived and carried out the scheme of national hospitality which has formed so characteristic a feature of the season which has just come to an end. The signal success of his arrangements Will make the name of 8ir Arthur Hodgson known in every depen dency of tho British Crown. His labours have gained for him tho honor of knight hood. Ho Jmishes his narrative as you stroll by his side across the lawn to join Lady Hodgson and her daughter at thclraCternoon tea ; and.although his time in England is so' short, he will not allow you to leave his hos pitable roof before you have seen, under his guidance, the birthplnco and tomb of Shake- pcarc, the Memorial Theatre, tho Mayor's Parlour, Sir Hugh Clopton's bridge, and many other sights of btratford. 