THE CASTLETOWNROCIIE MURDERS. CONVICTION and sentence. The second trial of William Sheehan terminated in his conviction on December 10\. The jury were in consultation for over an hour, and it was feared there might be a repetition of the previous failure. But all doubt was at an end when at 20 minutes past 3 the jury announced they had agreed, and handed in a verdict of -( Guilty.' The prisoner, m reply to tne usual question by Judge O'Brien, if he had anything to say why j sentence of death should not be pro nounced, stood up in the dock and made j a long aud partially incoherent statement. He protested his own innocence and that of Browne. He declared what Duane had said was quite wrong. Browne never entered his house. Would they be such fools, he asked, as to let a man like Duane see them commit a crime of this nature 1 There was no obstacle to his getting the farm, because his mother was at all times satisfied to give him the farm. He con tradicted his brother in this respect, because his mother had been livin® at PyinW.;il« and «... ?: ? living in the farm with him. There was no mystery about the matter, and he had asked his brother to write to Ennistymon and other places about his mother and sister and brother. Jas. Browne was wrong, too, in his statement, and his (the prisoner's) own wife could prove the amount of fortune he received, and that it was paid over. Why, James Browne came and offered £260 oddashis daughter's portion, and prisoner's brother was a witness of it. His mother asked £300, and the brother divided the money ; his mother was satisfied, and so was James Browne, and she was to give up every thing on the farm but her things. As to the boots that were given away io Duane, uiey were nis own uoois. i ne aress was one left by his mother, that she would not take away, aud was it not a charitable thing to give to a poor woman ? With regard to the boxes, it was true he had the boxes, but it was arranged between him and his mother that he was to take charge of them until she should want them. This was a wrong charge, he re peated, and he was surprised the jury was so narrow-minded as to act on the state ment of a young convict. The prisoner then complained of his treatment in Auck land by Sergeant Danny, the Irish police man who went to arrest him there, and, referring to his arrest, said he was taken by six men in Auckland, who arrested him on the very day he was going to settle about a property he had purchased there. The prisoner showed remarkable self possession throughout, and awaited his sentence with extraordinary composure. His Lordship, in sentencing the prisoner, said — ' Wm. Sheehan, after a trial in which eveiy effort that could be made by ability in your behalf has been made, you have been found guilty by the jury of this dreadful crime of taking away the life of your brother, and of your own mother and sister also. I owe it to the iurv and to the justice of the community to declare my most entire and abso lute concurrence in that verdict. Without a violation of the duty imposed on them by the law, it waB simply impossible for a jury of the city of Cork, consisting of men of high position, integrity, and intelligence, to have arrived at any other conclusion. If young Duane had never been examined, if his father had not been examined, i would have myself concluded that the evidence against you demonstrated your guilt beyond all possibility of doubt. If the remains of your murdered mother and sister and brother had never been found, I could have concluded from your own conduct that you were the author of this crime. I have but as a minister of the law here to announce to you your doom. It is not I who condemn you, it is not the jury who condemns you, it is not even the law which condemns you ; it is your own crime condemns you. I have no power to dispense mercy, and I cannot hold out to you any hope of mercy. I would be disposed to give you the mercy of my silence about your crime, and to say not one word that would aggravate your painful and dreadful position. But I owe it to the office I hold to say that you, William Sheehan, brought from the end of the world by the arm of avenging justice to stand your trial here in this county, to meet a charge depending upon evidence long supposed to be buried in obscurity profound as the grave, which has risen out of the depths of the earth and the night of time to bear witness against you, are an awful example of the dreadful consequences of a man being led by temptation or by passion, the passion of greed or any other passion, to commit such an awful crime as that which you have committed against your mother and sister in taking away their lives when they suspected no harm, sending them before their God with all their sins upon them, by your cruel, wicked, and treacherous conduct. Time for you, William Sheehan, is all but over. You have how to prepare for eternity, and during the interval of time that will be granted you to make your peace with God I exhort you to turn from all hope of human mercy, which cannot be awarded to you, io that throne of mercy before which we must all appear, aud which it is promised that the deep scarlet of your foul transgression may be made whiter than snow.' His Lordship then sentenced the prisoner to be hanged on Wednesday, Januaiy 20, 1886. The prisoner was unmoved, and as he left the dock be again asserted that Browne was innocent. It may be said, without pre judice to the unfortunate man, that the first jury were in favor of conviction in the proportion of 11 to 1, and that one stubbornly held out to the end. It has been stated by the Crown, and the feeling is general, that the whole truth has not been disclosed by Duane in reference to the stoiy of this crime. It is sufficient, however, to know that a mysterious and long-hidden murder has been brought to light in a providential manner, and that the author of it has been brought to justice from the farthest end of the world. No less than 1000 humming-birds were put to death that their fine feathers might beautify the gorgeous ball-room gown of a London belle. In the same great vanity fair 500 canary birds shed their blood recently that another woman might out shine the other fair and fine sinners of her set. So runs the world away, ' Does your husband go to lodge, Mrs Gibberick ?' ' Well, he just don't. I broke up that little game quite a while ago.' ' Why, how in the world did you do it ?' ' Whenever he started for the lodge I went with him as far as the skating-rink, and told him to call for me on his way home. It only took a few doses to cure him.' Christine Nilsson recently startled and delighted a Swalbach audience that was listening to a concert of some wandering Tyrolese minstrels by suddenly bursting forth into song. ' I'm from Mr Brown, mum— gentle- man what lives across the way. He says ' Won't you shut them windows when the young lady's a-playing ' ' But I thought Mr Brown was musical himself ?' 'That's the reason, mum.' The elder of two young girls, admiring a bonnet she saw in a shop window, ex pressed a wish she were able to purchase it, whereat the younger cried, ' Well, send round a hat to your friends, and say I it's for a new roof to a lunatic asylum.' A girl should marry for protection — not for revenue only. Dancing is condemned by the people of Aberdeen as 41 close-bo3omed whirlings.' Some malignant slanderer now states that 44 a woman needs no eulogist, for she speaks for herself.' Sara Bernhardt is not afraid of ghosts, for she thinks that some day she herself may be so thin as not to cast a shadow. 