_ IRovelist. JOHN ABBERTON. , | r \- - THE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OF THE WORLD. J a QROSVENOE BUNSTEE v % » \- CrAPTER XIX.— (Continued). " Mcsieur is very good," said he. " The . ' ohateaiftnd estate are celebrated throughout the aejrtment. There is .Monsieur, the Colonelwho donbtless awaits Monsieur with impatic'o." It walindeed, my eccsntrio friend of the previoufevening. But no one who had not Been, bchad merely heard him, when on the ocoasiorThave recorded, he gave way to such i . an extradinsry whim, could have supposed j v ' that thelately, courteous gentlemen who now i advanceiifcrcls me, was one and the same V with the and boisterous reveller, of the I,-. previous nig. "Welcomeoung friend," said he, grasping my hand witc0r(jiflijty. " It is long sincea cv strar.ga stepWs trod the gravel of this avenue. Thejtjrejf for .no other reason — thongh:'therek the special reason of your merits,! Montii—j tender you my warmest welcome." . 1 l --oiuwaa halpmly paid — with that simple j; . _ ci. jjw'ty tbatl|eved it o£-sny' suspicion'"' of j ®»®tionalisJach as the formality of the' have me an t at ion , commended by Horace, and para Hntation, heavy show entertainment are always Here were wearing seen rarely among that the me as singular dress was a XYI. Her drawn ar- Marie Antoinette as you in of that Her dress was the high-heeled shoe the a fan as she stately hx\ e picture hung up to what affec- he of be- Mounted on a wiry little Arab, whose arohed neck and gallant step would seem to testify to its pride in its dainty burden, there oame up the avenue a young girl, who, at some distance, seemed to be more than mere brunette, so dark her skin. She was, as I judged, about fifteen years of age; although her supple rounded figure, and somewhat full bust, might have indicated a riper growth. A servant, dressed in the pioturesque holiday costumo of the Basque peasant walked by her side, but did not touch the bridle. As she rod6 towards us I could not forbear the rudeness of staring rapturously at this vision of beauty, of which it is useless to attempt description— since it was of a character rarely seen, save in the poet's or the painter's imagination. She heard her father's voice, and her face lighted up with pleasure ; her eyes — could they be sightlesB ?— glowed and flashed, and she showed her pretty teeth. He tnrned to me. " Monsieur Abberton, this is my little Fifin," and Fifin, quick to notice the presence of a stranger — for the instincts of the blind are / sensitive — raised her pretty face, and, as it ' seemed to me, gazed npon me questioningly. It was impossible to conjecture that such lovily orbs had lost all faculty of sight. " Mademoiselle sits her Arab with grace," said I, hardly knowing what to say. Her face flushed. " Ah 1 then Monsieur is a horseman ? " she cried. " I am English, Mademoiselle." . " True, true. The English all ride well( I have heard of your hunt of the fox and of the great race. Yes. It must be of delight, the gallop, the leap, the flight through the air," aud her sweet voice rang out clear and ear nest, and she raised her whip and flourished it in real Diana Vernon fashion. " Go, my Fifin," said her father," go to your grand aunt, who awaits you with im patience. Monsieur and I are going to see the stables and the other wonders of the chateau. It is old, Monsieur, continued my host as he led the way to the offices, " old, I may say, aB France herself. Here have dined kings and princes. We have a room in which Gabrielle D'Estrees once slept. The Dukes of Burgundy have revelled here ; and once the great Franois, preux chevalier of kings, rested at the chateau with his brilliant company. Ah ! it has a history, my old chateau ; but it is battered now, and worn, and very like its owner, eh. Mais, a la bonne hcurc.';het us be thankful to the good God that it still remains to shelter the last of the race. Hala 1 Loup, Brun, Noir, down dogs, down," he went on as we entered the great outer court. '< They will not molest you — no. I have not the heart to ttennel thorn. Why should I, sirico I seldom hunt now ? " And I thought he sighed ; oer- tainly he frowned, and a dark Bhadow passed over his lean stern face. The appointments of the old chateau, the outbuildings and offices, indicated that at one time of its existence it had been the scene of great festival and noble entertainment. There stood the stables with room for a hundred horses; there, mouldering with age, covered with the ivy of five centuries' growth, stood the old falcon bouse ; further on, the kennel — while dove-cotos,' henneries, granneries, and a dozen each buildings remained silent, witness to the grandeur of the past, and, no less, to the decay and ruim which had fallen on this noble place ; which appeared to me like the wreck 'of some grand old hero of the past, who still maintained ah echo of his tra ditions, but no more. " All was lost,"explained the Colonel, " dur ing the revolution. My father died on the Bcaffold ; my mother in giving me a prema ture, birth. Of the vast estates whioh were hen of our family, this, shorn of its acreage, Ktewoods, its villages, and its feeships, alone remains. Mate I he went on, with a French mau's happy humour, " 'tis enough to give us bread and cheese, eh ? / and a bottle of wine. Allez Francois, saddle M/rabeau and Colbert, —ah I you smile at the names I give my horses." ' . " No," I answered, " I was but thinking of a like humor of a iriend (jJ, mine in Bordeaux, who ha3 named his two fat ponies " Liberie" and "Egalite." ' The Colonel stopped short. Then he burst into a fit of laughter, which lasted full a minute. " Ha 1 ha 1" cried he, " I know. That villain Cambroche. You know jnim ? _ He is your friend? Good. Excellent He is mine. But Monsieur," he added seriously, " not a word of this before my aunt. Ou f\ a tornado, an earthquake, a tempest, a vmlcano — what you will, but a republican! Va'i and he made that peculiar click with his tongue, and gesture with his thumb, vsrith which 1 Frenchmen so eloquently express extravagant emotions. "B9 it so, as you say," I /answered, "All the same I am glad you kneiw Lieut. Cam broche. who is rhy father's /friend, and my own, Heaven knows." j " I also— counlt me," said the Colonel. " I am not given to. sudden likirjgs., But I took to you from the (first ; and n ow T am the more your friend. Here are the! horses. Mount, mount, for a gallop to give hs an appetite for the dinner old Lisette is so hus(y preparing for us. ; i . " -I f- j CHARTER X2S.. k j en pastille a rare ga/ilop we had oyer a most pro- champaigne country, pausing here visit some .of tare Colonel's ten- seemed, to me, appeared to and estimation. For 'thd one desire of the freehold make many tenancy so to( may unsuccessful. the me many aa to my upon the beauty of thesceH able condition of the peasamH In oted that, with tho deliosH so essentially a virtue Frenchwomen, the toilettes young and old — were of the racter. This was indeed a finH to The dinner waB charming. of the good things served to us. brightness, vivacity, and of the younger lady, and the old fashioned grace of her grandHJ as for the Colonel, whose perceived was reserved for fittiB his humor, his anoedote, and expressed in delightful epigranH to the general oharms of a convH kind to which I had theretofore tomed : and to which by the oourteoua arts of my entertainerH to render my share. It is not usual in France, as nsed to be, for gentleman to table after the ladies retiremenH our coffee in the reception Mademoiselle Fifin — aa she wasH name was Hortense) sang swH simple soDgs, chiefly of the countB "Hal" cried the Colonel, ma tante, attend. You shall Yon shall listen to Orpheus— it isH Prehear your nephew who Monoieur Abberton, we languislH , sweet voice. Sing, sing, my yonnH so that you may enobant us all — serious, honor us by singing one country songe eh. Ab, Madame do not look soared. Venez donc, H Delight our ears." So I sat down to the pianofor thanks to my assiduous attentioH pretty cousins' teaching, I played and sang them the " Last Rose of As I sang, my thought, moved tenderness of the air, turned to B parents, and the emotion which called forth was thrown with all itsH into my singing. As I ceased, and iHB last note with sensitiveness of tonch,B sob. I turned around, and beheld Hortense in her father's arms, though her little heart were bre&kingH; " Nay, nay ! cried the Colonel whH voice trembled — " we do not underst words. But my faith I the air is country, and it is one, my little FifiB eh little one. And you have moved you niuhtingale. Madame ma tante, you ? Is he not a linnet, a lark of thB the harp of Eolus 1" The old lady, in reply, arose, andB one step to wards me, made a most piB courtesy. "Monsieur," said she, "you havefl me as I never expected to be agitated HB by your sweet song. Monsieur, yB favored of Heaven. You have manB with whioh, doubtless, you will bring yH to honor and gieatness." " Madame," 1 replied, fancying mysH the nonce, a courtier of the dayB of thgjH Monarque. "Madame, your praiseB always stimulate me to the true oourse efforts to achieve honor. As to greaH well, it must be thrust upon me, for certainly never deserve it." B " Monsieur," returned the old dameB be honorable is to be great. At no timH honor been more needed, as a guide who would be true to himself and his tradB than now, when, to-day, a rabble ruIeH morrow an adventurer; while the riglH Kings and of nobles are trailed in the dH It is impossible to describe the action which the old lady delivered this little spH I hsd hard work to control the muscles oH face, but I did, as I exclaimed. " Ah Madame you are right indeed. a leveling age, a sordid, shopkeeping, age, when one needs to be alert to esH l contagiou." " Monsieur le Colonel," said the old lacH her nephew her keen cjes sparkVr.g, " friend is charming. I have not seen soH bred a young man sinoe I served my mistreBB, now saint in Heaven. MonsiH you have given me great pleasure." At this I took the withered jewelled she extended, and bending low, pressH gently to my lips ; then drew back and boxH once more. " It is of m&Tvele;," murmured the countH " where did the boy learn bis manners. TilH are of the Court." " Rather of the theatre," I thought ; buB turned to the Colonel and said— B " You see Monsieur how my poor ditty rB been rewarded. Has MademoiseUe a word for a noor troubadour." B At this Fifin raised her sightless eyesH sightless yet how full of mournful eloquenB " Monsieur I thank you," was all she safl 1iA« linn /inttmvinn and iVion alio UOl JUjl/a UA»SlMg| W"- again in her father's arms. "Ah well," eaid I, "since I have maB you sad, my faith I must endeavour to maB you gay" and sitting down once more to tB piano, I played a simple prelude and thtB sang a comic song of my fatheH " Bicnheureux qui peut rire enpaix,"— stoB of a henpecked husband and a shrewish wifHJ the latter of whom, in a fit of pasBion mak<B| a vow to the virgin that she will be silent f(B twelve months. I have already shown that possessed considerable historic ability and keen sense of humor ; and now, pricked bH vanity to do my best, I delivered the dialogmH between the pair, of wranglers, with muclH spirit, mimicry, and illustrative tone ancH .gesture. It made all laugh consumedly. Afl for Fifin, Bhe held her sides with her pretm hands, gasping for breath — so quick thfl change in her humor from sadness to mezriB ment; then the Colonel roared applause ; and the jaws of Madame la ComtesBe opened I . and shut like those of a speaking doll whep oa squeeze it, and tears of laughter ran down Berwichered cheeks. My triumph was com- ' - cried the old lady wiping talents are Protean." KAchilles," cried the Golonel, lirn mariee," how of a onel afforded reeasantry under groom been with Madame' Id nephew met and hither. We have that we had nigh matters as art and the Kgreat of Paris existed. said I, " poets of all to Sigur have sung praises bo Continued. com- found was ap- changed serious X certain and his or pre- purpose improve the ap- have been con- primitive lines. A advanced that the Bher by accident or design, herself ; but as no evi- Hiduced in support of the as- Vman's case quickly fell to the from what I could gather, Bresult cause him either surprise Ksiness. Like the Greeks of old, Bmed to see in his approaching doom Hpnd of fate from winch no mortal aid save him. Buch was the framework upon which Brd avowedly built up my story, cany- candour even so far as to give chapter verse for my authority. And although Hay, at first glance, be thought that flnarrative contained little either of an BRhordinary or sensational nature, to Bne there was much both keenly pathetic yand drartiatic in it. I conjured up the early struggles of these loving hearts— the long, Sow years of waiting until their hopes a! last should be crowned with fruition. \ In Hypatia I re cognised a woman of a trusting and loyal disposition ; in\North a man of lofty, if somewhat self-contained, character. And towards these twb, just as the cup of happiness was raised t& their lips, the hand of death was seen to\tretch forth and the inevitable end to approach. That North was convinced of his wtfe's near dissolution I had no doubt, and\that he felt the coming separation even\more acutely than herself was no less clear to me. And so he had taken his determina tion. If they might no longer live to-\ gether, death at least should not part them. Imbued with this resolve, lie had purchased the poison, intending to make away with both his wife and himself. But, after administering her portion, his nerve had failed him ; and before he could summon up courage sufficient to complete his purpose, justice was on his track. Nevertheless, when his fate came, he met it calmly andheroically, conscious that if he had sinned in act he was at least innocent in intention. The character of the mail had grown upon me with wonderful vividness, and I had taken the greatest pains to portray the motives by which he had been animated. The success of the book may be accepted as some indication that my efforts; were not wholly in vain. SomSe few weeks after it? publication I was sititing one eVening alone in my study. It WMlose' upon midnight, and I had alcjBgen writing for several hours, as the work I had in hand Asia Bnsans free sffiiction a grinH and it ought to grBB the of a reformation beirg unavoidable, it in o, cheerful and hope- as the actual state of things BBvor3e ; dark as the immediate Wandlords and farmers, both will Biodsrst&nding.; While many for the tenancy, cultivation, and the new order themselves thrm. the English landlords Peckforton own of Lord cour- was to judge Lord Every Every la- of the stand The sab- The anytliing seemed draw laughing some- And he knows— — me and labouring under some Roined gravely. " Unless Breatly deceives me, we have to-night, so that should be acquainted with t s precisely what I have come to Bain about," said the little man, BFing a shade redder, and xvith a touch Brirritation in his voice ; " you admit you W have never seen mo before — know nothing of my . thoughts, actions, manners, or V tastes, and yet, forsooth, you coolly con stitute yourself my biographer !" \" Your— your — what ?" I queried. " My biographer," replied the stranger. " My. name, sir,, is North — Benjamin North— and I've taken some little trouble, let me tell you, to come here to-night, that I may have tlio satisfaction of a per sonal explanation with the gentleman who has been good enough to write my life." I sat back in my chair speechless, over come with the variety of emotions which crowded upon me.\ But what, perhaps, oppressed me more than any, was the thought thjjt I had been basely tricked and deceived Trill Benjamin North — ' red-faced, commonplace, fat little person, theprototype of thafchigh-souled andgentle man whose careek I had traced with so loving a hand ? Itjfcs impossible ; or, if it were indee<J|then I had been deeply wfomBbed of what is dearest to uHBdieart — a noble " I thought IjBsajou," he resumea, ana thStvy.ou have at least the jjut 4 on' suppose I've the other world simply in acting I had'a view — an object, moreover, be accomplished before I paused for a moment, whetlierB cifcemenfc or want of breath I waB to determine, but quickly continuH impressive tone, contrasting ludicH with his appearance, " You, sir, liavB me a serious injury." As he said these words I felt incln| to break into .a hysterical laugh attlH absurdity of the accusation, but withB strong effort I controlled myself. " M do not," I observed, ' quite understand! what grounds you have for complaint." No sooner had I spoken than I would have given much to recall the sentence. The effect upon Mr. North was so decided as to cause me serious alarm. His face became purple, and I feared every instant to see him roll off hi3 seat in a fit of apoplexy. The horrible thought forced itself upon me : what if I were left with the corpse, of a ghost upon my hands? Fortunately, however, I was spared that calamity, for, recovering himself, he again addressed me, this time almost savagely — Grounds for complaint ! he echoed. ' Why, sir, putting aside all question as to facts, regarding which, by the way, you are about as far wrong as a man can be, where, may I ask, did you find authority for the character you have given k$e ?" "The question certainly nonplused me notXa little. "I— I must allow," I answered, " I drew that from mv imasin- ation." \ " ' Imagination ! ' he replied in an accent of toe most profound contempt. ' Exactly ; you novel- writers seem to fancy that the mpment you have uttered shibboleth "Imagination" the last word has been said. It never occurred to you, I suppose, to think what my feelings might be on the subject ?' "I confess," I returned, somewhat humbly, "I had not given that point the consideration it doubtless deserved. You must remember, however," I added in extenuation, " that you had been dead some seventy years or more. Moreover, I took the precaution of changing your name." " ' That's good,' retorted the little man, swinging his legs to and fro with addi to aro an neighbourhood is cxuilBBRoase visited, the furniture was goBB/entiy oared for. Neatntos and cleaufl were evidently habitual ; and from these habitations will proceed a race of farm boys and girls that will add to the mortal and material prosperity of England. Public-houses are to be found in the hamlets, but they receive little custom from the cottagers, and axe closed during Sunday. Encouraged in thrile, the community waste very little upon drink. When the labourer has' finished his day's'work, he has always soma littie job to do about his farm. His interests and ambitions fence him off from vice. When he finds time to smoke his evening pipe, he leans upon his garden gate and looks at the boundaries of his croft, wishing that they rn'ght be expanded. He would like another acre or two, another cow, and a few more pigs. He is winning at the game of life, and is encouraged to go on. It is just upon this point that Lord Telle? mache and his cottage- farmers. are divided in opinion. The labourer wants more land, believing that he could manage an extra aore or two with very little more exertion. Lord Tollemaohe thinks that three acres are quite as mach as the labourer can control, and that if the holdings were to be enlarged, the scheme would be liable to miscarry. And his lordship is perhaps right. Under the present system, the labourer stands firmly npon his little enterprise. If his cow dies, he is not ruined, merely impoverished for a time. If the hay-crop is a failure, he ,simply makes, no profit for a season. Backed up byjH weekly wages, he can pull through inherent in his farming ventnrejB tion as he extended his his Pray on gravestonesnHB ing reading I Unwilling as I felt, for it but to do as he requestedBBB "He was gifted," I proceeded, " a mind of singuarly analytical and intros pective type, possessed, too of an un equalled faculty of projecting itself into the future, and of bringing back thence much that would have proved elusive to a nature less liberally endowed, The po tentiality of his presence was apparent \- under any circumstances ; it dominated all with whom he came in contact, and may perhaps be best described by the word electrical. It will not, however, surprise anyone that a mind so purely subjective in its action should have had its weak point, and it must be -admitted that synthetically South's was a compara tive failure. The creative faculty had been in a great measure denied to him, and herein he fell short of greatness. But in saying so much I do no more than allow that he was one of those who only just miss attaining the heights upon which men of the noblest genius and power of expression have walked and lived." ' ' Thank you !' said my guest, whose face during the recital of the preceding had gradually become overcast and troubled. ' I think I won't ask you to go on. It's very fine, no doubt, but I'm afraid I don't quite grasp the meaning. Besides, it make3 me sleepy, and I have one or two matters to set right before I leave.' _ I laid aside the book with a sigh of re lief. For the first time in my life I had found the pages dull. Mr. North's next remark surprised me not a little : You're not married of course ?' he said. " fNo" I answered, 'but why " of course" ?' I k 1 Then.he continued, disregarding my Bttwstion, .'in describing the relations between my wife and myself you BH'esume upon your imagination with some enthusiasm, the indissoluble together by no one rousing prevent hoarse was a other proofs found apparent the shocklB not altogether illusion had been conld bear with a ness the loss of the My dear saidJH will not excite yourself. to understand the object to-night. Let me assure statement you may desire not only impartially j udgedH treated as wholly private." " Private !" he interrupteiH angry wave of the hand. " the greater the publicity the pleased. You don't suppos</l merely to set myself right ,with you I thought it prudent to pass oveH silence the slur implied bv his -wnil "HI have injured you.; in any way,H said with chilling courtesy, "I am prS pared to do whatever lies in my power toB place the matter upon its right basis," m tenants, Lxrd TolleH years at aB the tenant tnay wish to B is free to do so any time. B cannot dismiss the tenant Hpry of the lease, except for violef Bterms. This compact is the basis uB Bm the whole system rests. It gives B Bant security against (iiaturbance. He Bto the work with a whole heart. The oH B&ge-f;&rmer; becomes possible under suehB f system ; for his employer being secured cH his farm, be is secured of his employment® and can apply his savings to his own littleH undertaking without fear of disturbance. B It may be sail that cottage-farm3 are more 1 likely to eueceed in a' dairy district than in 1 a purely arable one, aud that Lord Tolle- 1 mache's system is not applicable to ths coun try as a whole. Perhaps not ; but at any rate it is easy for other landlords to make experi ments of the same kind under different con ditions. Success and failure can only be ascertained by practical methods ; and from what has been dona in Cheshire and other oountios, enough ia known to make a prima facie case for cottcge-farms. 