Yaching Notes. It seems likely (says Land and Water) that either the Priscilla or Puritan will be chosen to protect the interests of the holders of the America's Cup, as both have beaten the new sloops, Atlantic and Mayflower- The iron boat has bested the Puritan to theextent of winning two out of three matches, and it would appear that Priscilla is the better in a breeze, and Puritan tlio light- wind ghost. If Galatea should be favoured with a smart lower sail breeze, either one or the other, of the Yankees will have to move fast to get out of her way. The Y.R.C. measure (says Land and Water) has been fairly ' fixed' about the 25 feet Frolic. With 26cwt. of loose ballast placed forward the mast, the boat's nose is down like a kingfisher's beak before a dive, and then she ia the right L.W.L. length. With the ballast ' 'midship ' she is much over the 25 feet, and it seems that the O.M. does not feel justified in giving a certificate for 25 feet unless 'the ballast is moulded or fixed in the place, which brings the length within the 25 feet gauge. The Minima and Volador have both been measured twice, and on each occasion have come within the 21 feet. William K. Vanderbilt's new yacht is to have a steel hull composed of watertight compartments, so as to makoit as strong and yet as light as possible. The steel plates will have a tensile strength equal to about 84,0001b. to the square inch. Every sheet will be carefully tested, and not a square of it will be accepted that does not fill the utmost requirements of the specifications. It is intended to make this yacht, if possible, the fastest as well as the finest vessel of its class afloat. It will be fitted with engines of almost as great power as those which propelled the Oregon. Some interesting particulars are given in a recent num ber of the Scientific American regarding the racing sloop yacht Atlantic, which was launched from Munn's yards, South Brooklyn, on May 1. She was built after designs by Captain Philip Ellsworth, fora syndicate of yachtsmen, to defend the America's cup, for which the British cutter Galatea is now the avowed competitor. The dimensions of the Atlantic are— length overall, 90 feet 7 inches , on water line 84 feet; extreme beam, 23 feet 2 inches; depth of hold, 10 feet 6 inches ; draft of water, 8 feet 6 inches. In cross-section her lines are full and well rounded, the angle at the keel being noticeably blunt. A characteristic feature in the construction of the yacht is the extreme lightness of material employed. The frame is of oak and black birch, and the ceiling of Oregon pine ; the clamps are of yellow pine, and the out side planking is also of Oregon pine, except the three upper streaks, and is 1\ inches thick. Many of the planks have been cut from most stuff, and are 50 feet to 60 feet long. She has 34 tons of lead on the keel. The mainmast is 50 feet high, the gaff 47 feet long, and the boom 76 feet 6 inches. The mainsail has a spread of 40UO square feet, the jib 1160 feet, the club topsail 1560 feet, and the balloon jib topsail, intended for gentler breezes, shows an area of 4180 square feet ; while the spinnaker boom, 72 feet long, carries a sail of 4400 square feet. Whether the Atlantic will fulfil her mission and win the honourable office of defending the cup will be determined by preliminary races between the four American clippers — Puritan, Priscilla, Mayflower, and Atlantic. The success of the Puritan has made the supe riority of the centreboard a foregone conclusion in the minds of nearly all American yacht-owners. 