CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. Yesterday afternoon the first session of the seventh Synod of the Diocose of Sydney commenced its sittings in the Church Society's House, Phillip-street. There was a large attendance both, of clerical and lay representatives. The proceedings were commenced with prayers, read by the president (Bishop Barry). The list of representatives was then read over, the following gentlemen answering to their names ;-Clergy : Revs. T. V. Alkin, M.A., W. Allworth, Mervyn ArCG- dall, M.A., C. Baber, P. R. S. Bailoy, J. Barnior, Z. 'Barry, LL.D., J. Best, J. R. BlomfIeld, F. R. Boyce, H. H. Britten, G. Brown, S. H. Childe, B.A., E. A. Colvin, J. C. Corlette, D.D., J. W. Debenham, M.A., . C. Duppuy, F. R. Elder, B.A., E. Evans-Jones, T. O. Ewing, S. Fox, . 0. .T. Garnsoy_0. H. Gibson W, J. Gilnthor, M.A. (Oanou), T. Holme, W. Hough, S. Hungerford, H. L. Jackson, I H.A., T. Kommia (Canon), the Aran. It. L. King, B.A. .(Archdeacon'), R. R. King, MA., J. D. Langley, Iw. Lumsdaino, J. N. Manning, M.A., H. Martin, R. M'Kcown, G. Middloton. G. H. Moreton (Canon), H. W. Mort, M.A., J. H. Mullens, D. Murphy, G. li. Mimy, ¡A. W. Pain, B.A., J. H. Prico, C.4?. D. Priddle, H. J. Boso, W. H. Saunders, W. H. Sharp, M,A. (Canon), J. G. 6outhby, J. H. Spear, J. Spooner, J. Stack, A. G. Stod- darts E. J. Sturdoo, R. Taylor) J. L. Tavlor, T. B. TW F. T. Trivott, T. W. Unwin, J. Vaughan, F. O. WilliamB, R. S. Willis, M.A., and A. Yarnold. .Laiety : Messrs. 0. W. P. Addison, J. AUcn, H. E. A. Allan, W. Allpass, R. M. Armstrong, E. Bailoy, W. J. Baker, F. L. Barkor, J. Barnett, W. R. Beavor, J. Bennett, W. Bethune, J. E. Bowliu, W. H. Bowman, R. G. Breillat, C. B. Brownrigg, C. Burt, E. Burton, W. B. Campbell, R. Chadwick, Dr. Chambors. J. Croker, W. Crokor, J. Dawson, T. B. Dearin, E. R. Doas-ThomBon, G. R. Harrison, W. Harris, it. Harper, J. S. Hawthorne, A. E. Hemsloy, G. E. Herring, R. Hills, E. L; Hitchins, P. R. Holdsworth, J. AV. Hosking, J. II. Hunt, H. M. Innes, T. J. Jaques, C. E. Joannorot, J. W. judo, J. . Kont, J. King, Hon. E. Knox, B. Kyngdon, M.D., F. B. Kyngdon, J. K. Lethbridge, G. Lloyd, G. E. Makin, J. J. E. Manning, D. M. Maitland, lion. C. Mooro, T. Mooro. E. AV. Molesworth, A. Ormsby, A. Osborno, B. M. Osborno, J. Page, J. Parry, G. W. Pearce, J. Plummer. ,AV. Prico, T. Prim . »so, B. R. Rainsford, A. Richardson, E. Ridgo, J. Ritchie, J. Roberts. F. R. Robinson, E. H. Rogers, C. Rolleston, C.M.G., J. Ross, AV. H. Rowsell, C. Samp eon, T. S. Scholfield, J. Scroggie, P. L. C. Shopherd, R. Shortland, sen., A. J. Siovors, W. H. Simpson, J. D. Bingle, H. S. Smith, J. F. «niitb, M. H. Stephen. AV. ?Stephen, Roy. E. C. StileB, B.A., H. Stoot,F.R. Strange, 'C. Stuart, T. Sumnierboll, Dr. II. Tarrant, R. R. Torry, Rev. S. S. Tovoy, B.A., P. N. Trebeck, A. Tuckorman, A. C. Turner, J. A'ickery, G. AVnll, J. H. AAra!ker, E. G. "Ward, J St. V. Welch, H. AA'estcott, G. R. AVhiting, AV. .H. Wilkinson, P. C. Williams, J. T. AVilahiro, E. J. AVilahiro, G. F. Wiso. Registrar-Mr. Thomas Robort .on. Tho Primate announced tho resignation of tho following représentatives:-Mr. W. R, Campbell, St. James'; Mr. James Gordon, Christ Church. ; and Mr. H. A. Riley, St. Luke's, Burwood. The Primate appointed the Archdeacon of Cumberland ,Ss his commissary during the Synod. Ho also announced that ho had appointed Mr. Matttiow Henry Stephen, 0..C, .a Chancellor. THB VIIESIDEST'S ADDKBSS. The Pant ate then delivered the following address : He said,-My reverend brethren and brethren of the laity, Vo meet as a now Synod to-day-new, yot wholly con- tinuous with the old in constitution and work, and largely continuous in respect of membership. In these conditions of our mooting is plainly represented tho truo Character of tho life of the church of Christ itsolf, . unbroken in spiritual continuity since tho age of tho Apostlesf and yet over now in ita growth, ever bhowing itself m now dovolopmonta to moot the new requirements of humanity, and tho new calls of tho providcncQjof God. Of chango (as I huvo before had occasion to romind you) ench meeting bears soloran witness by the loss from among us of felloiy-sorvants of God, respected and beloved on earth, now followed by oven freatcr respect and lovo to thoir rest in tho world unseon. his year that witness seems to speak with some unusual emphasis. Of our clergy, indeed, but two have crossod tho dark river-one, tho Rev. William AVood, after tho full period of age and work for his Master : tho other, the Rov. F. Stretton, too soon for our desire, too soon (as it seems to Ms) for his full usefulness, a sacrifice, I cannot doubt, to the excessive, becauso too continuous, strain of work which Is hera laid on our clergy. Two other phicos in this synod aro Vacant by resignation. The Rov. It. H. Mayno, after a career of singular unsqlfishnoss and simplicity of servioo, -lias gosfe to end his days in the old country ;? and tho Rev. J. T. Schleichor, whilo ho has laid down the burden of paroohial charge, still, I am glad to say, remains among us to do usoful ministerial service. But, from the ranks of our lay brethren, thoro aro losses of unusual magnitudo gaps which wo shall find it hard, indeed, to CU. By tho quiotand peacoful decay of that old ago in which tho "hoary hoad is a crown'of honour," becauso it is hid by God's g «co " in tho way of righteousness," wo have lost in tho on. John Campholl the man who stood out foremost sunong tho rich churchmen of this colony as ono who Ubcd Wealth ' obviously as a trust from God, to sorvo by it in every way tho wolfare of the community, and, obova all, to set forward tho work of tho Kingdom of Christ. lu the advance of tho hist half century, which has planted flow churches, established now bishoprics, and .ought to perpetuate everywhere"under now con- ditions tho service to God and man of the old Church of England, how much has been duo directly to his work, indirectly to'his example" of^that modest, thoughtful, earnest lay Christianity-showing what threat things may be done by resources (far less than those that aro wasted every day in selfish ostentation or selfish hoarding.) to aid work of enduring usefulness and blessing, becauso woikof obedience and dovotion to God I Tt|o stroke of disenso brought on by excessive pressure of pubho duty has taken from us Sir Alexander Stuart, the ono niau who, almost alono amongst thoso occupying the first rank of political service and dignity, novcr failed to find time and thought, wiso counsel, and vigorous energy for the -work of tho Church of England-now in the oxtension of that work over the wholo area of this new country, now in the reli- gious education of our children, now in"the development of that synodical action, binding together in one, not only diocoso and province, but the ivholo of our Australian Church. Looking to the public servico of God, wo feel that wo havo lost in him a leader and a champion ; looking to tho kindly simplicity and tho Christian earnestness of his own character, which of us will not feel that ho has loot a brother and a friend F And, yet, within thoso walls I hardly know whether wo do not miss oveu moro the presence of our late Chancellor-ever fore- most in the direction and furtherance of our synodi- cal action : ever, in spite of absorbing professional occupa- tion, pi ominent in devotion of labour and thought te every food Christian work ; to the bishop and the synod, as I well now by grateful remembrance, an invaluable counsellor: to every churchman (clergymnn or layman) who needed him, always reudy to givo advico and help. Tho standing committee bade our friend, Mr. Gordon, an affectionate and respectful farewell when he passed to comparative lest and retirement in tho dear old country. In uiciy word and thought of that farewell, I know that tliis synod will most cordially joui. Nor can I fail (though it can be but in passing) to pay here a tribute of lespect to Charles Camp hell-a noble specimen, ns it always seemed to me, of that old school of high culture, and tho chivalrous spirit of a truo gentleman, of stanch churcluuanshipaud quiet earnest- ness ot Christian faith, which we can ill aliord to loso iu those days and in this community-and to Mr. AV*. A. Broadribb, whom I know but slightly, but who, I know, being dead, yet lives in the fuller knowledge and re- membrance of mauy here. AVhnt shall wo bay of theso things ? I havo spoken of loss, but, to Chris- tians, thoso who aro for a timo parted from us hy death or distance aro novcr wholly lost, for they live in the living influence of their work and their axamplo, and thoy livo in the unbroken reality of tho communion of saints. Yet while I oarnestly pray that God will raiso up to us those who may toko not the samo placo but aoino corresponding place of servico, accurding to the capacities and needs of succeeding times, I must at tho samo time speak with all tho force that I can command to the younger generation of our lay chui chmen ; I must tell them plainly that, if the good work of God in our Church is not to stand "till or to fall back, they must como forward, moro and moro unreservedly, to devote all tho gifte which they may hiwe of wealth and education, iniluence, ability, character, faith, to tho servico which is bud in duty upon them all. I cannot speak hero to-dny without a keen sonso of the loss of thoso on whom I could always rest as fellow- workers. I know uot, as yet, of any who stund out as thoir adequate Buccessois, with"promiso of anything like tho servico which they have done. But you, my lay brethren, will surely notleavo us-your bishop and your clergy- virtually alono to a work which in any caso is' hard onough, but iu which, if unsupported, ive shall simply wear oursclvos out and fail. The work itsolf, thank God, goes on. My address to you, as ubuiiI, must bo partly a record of what has been actually dono in the pnst year ; partly, an attempt to bring before you some consideration bearing tipon tho true principles und the inspiration of that work. In first setting beforo you tho record of the yenr, I shall bo, I am sure, pardoned if I glauco for a moment at the special sympathy and support wmich that work has received from his ÉxcoÙenoy the Governor, It was my privilege, hy the advico of tho "standing conimitteo, to presont to his Excol lcncy on his arrival an addrcBS of welcome in tho name of our synod. AVe welcomed him as the representativo of hor .Majesty the Queen, and, as such, concerned in all that could promoto tho physical, intellectual, and spiritual wel- fare of tho wholo community. AVo wolcomed him also aa tho first lay member of our Church in the colony, and as euch not uninterested in tho special work and needs of tho religious communion to which ho belongs. Need I say to "vou how fully, evor sinco ho has bepn among us, ho has àischarged both tho functions here implied? Evor willing and anxious to further all works of good of national and general character, ho has boen most ready to show his sympathy as a church- man with tho Church's own work-as, for example, in lay- ing tho f oundtttian-Btono oí our enlargement 9f St Paul'a College, in "presiding, over tim mooting of our Church Society, In giving the sanction of Wb présence to tho inau 'guration of new opoohs in tho history of our old King's school, and in the humbler beneficent work for tho outcast in our Church Home. In so doing wo thank him for ¡re- viving ti'0 Ifûod traditions of old times, and we cannot but fool how niuoli, by so doing, ho has stimulated what wo so S»atly need-the sense of the duty and tho interest of all y ohurohmen, espocially those of high social standing and influence, in the work of tho Ckuroh, whloh is their own. I roust tax your attention and pntivneu with somo dotails of fact In relation to the record, which show», as I have said, tbo work goes steadily on. I bavo to toll you, as usual, of now parishua and districts proposed-throe of which, at Dulwich-hill, Springwood and Marrickvillo, will ho submitted to you this session. I can toll you of churches opened, after orcction or enlargement, at Summer Hill, Gladesville, Rooty lilli, Auburn, Dulwich Hill, Katoomba, Shellharbour, Botany (the Chinese church), and (a few dayB honco) St. Saviour's, Redfern ; of tho foundation of new churches laid at Bowral and Bexley ; of rnovemonta going on, though not yet ripo, for the gnthering of our growing ohurch population round now centres. I» relation to tho live special enterprises rotorrod to in my address last year, I huvo pleasure in informing you that the Chapter House, and synod hall has now far ndvanood, and will, I confidently h"opi\ be ready to receive, moro worthily than in days pust, the General Svnod of Ootobor noxt ; that the extension of St. Paul's Collego is complete, and will bo occupiod oro long by the increasing number of its students ; that tho fund of the Church Society -though in what have boon comparatively hard times it has not grown tis it might huvo growu under other circumstances -has moro than maintained tbo murkod progress of 1881 and has been slightly in oxcoss of any previous year ; that the work of religious education in Pubh'o schools has simi- larly been ablo to preserve and slightly to increase its scopo of usefulness, though 1 mu bound to tell you that it has not yet received tho amount of support for which I asked ; that the Cathedral, thanks to the special contribution for choir and choir school, has, under the guidance of our ablo and most devoted precentor-(hour, iioar)-wonderfully advancod in tho f i equonoy of its services and preachings, in the musical standard as of tho regular daily and Sunday services, so also of tho great special services which, on St. Andrew's Day, Holy Week, Easter and Asconsion Day, mid the Queen's Accession Day, havo thronged the church with nrtentivo and devout worshippers, und yet from the in- adequacy of our building bavo sent hundreds, I had almost said thousands, away. And here, lot mo in passing say to you, and through you to tho churchmen of tho diocoso, that the timo is como whon wo must face the question of tho enlargement of our Cathedral. (Hear, hear.) It is borcly sufficient for our ordinary congregations; it íb painfully in- adequate to any grout occasion. I shall bo glad if tho question can be brought in somo form under tho consideration of tho synod. I take it for grunted that the idea of a wholly now Cathedral, sometimos thrown out, is hardly within the rango of "practical politics." But, enlarged tho present cathedral may bo to nearly twice its accommodation, at probably less than ono-quartcr of ita original cost. Whatever else wo may do to mark tho approaching contcuury of our Church lira hero, should not the cntrauco ou a Cuthodrnl moro worthy of the diooeso and of its resources bo ono part at least of its utting celebration V (Hoar, bear.) But I turn uow to other works submitted to the synod last year and npprovod by its almost uniminious vote-not vet, unfortunately, carried out, in consequenco of the need of Booking logul authority, mid of encountering accordingly thut ''law's dolav" which Shakespeare notes among tho burdens of lifo. Tho removal of Moore Oollego into Sydney-on whioh I fool, if possible, moro convinced than ever that the Bynod decided with unquestionable wisdom-has not yet boon effected, for tho Church of England property trustees baw reusou to believe, that thoy could not, without the sanction of Parliament, carry .out tho »cheino which the synod last year authorised for disposing of the St. James' Sohool Compensation Fund. Ono oloment of that scheme was tho payment of £10,000 to the Mooro Collego trustoos for tho ground on which wo aro now assembled, and till that payment is mudo thoro aro no funds on which to depend for carrying out the removal which tho synod ordered. The delay has not, perhaps, boen wholly unfortunate. It was a great perplexity to the trustees to decide what to do with tho existing buildings, and the inhabitants of Liverpool wero naturally unwilling that Mooro College should bo altogether tukeu away from Mr. Moore's old town. Hence a sehonio has boon prepared to convert them to tho use of a Church grammar Behool for the middle-class, occupying a place just below such institu- tions as the King's Sohool, Parramatta, with tho retention for this purpose of part of the original endowment aud tho addition to it, if the sanction of Parliament can bo obtained, pf the income to be dori ved from tho salo of somo church lund in Liverpool gi von for educational purposes, The truateos have, under certain conditions, assented to this scheme as au experiment. I, for one, felt that it would carry out, with almost literal aocuracy, ono'part of Mr. Mooro'a origiuul design. It would croate, If successful, one of those institutions of church education which, I think, wo grqutlv need; itwould rohovotbo trustees from tho necessity which, thoy greatly deprecated, of parting with'tho buildings and effaoing tho naino oi " Mooro College, Liverpool." Tho soheuio has not yet boon brought to a successful comple- tion, but at tho noxt session of bynod I trust that I may bo ablo to roport that it has been fully effected-that the work of the Theological College has takou now root in Sydney, and that two institutions instead of ono aro serving tho sumo great cause of our Church education. For tbo same reason, that othor part of tho schemo for tho St. James's fund bus boon delnyed. Tho proposed Church grauiniar bcuoul in Sydney is yet a thing of tho future. But it will not bo long, 1 hope, boforo tho necessary bill, which has already passed through the solect comniittoo in tho Assembly, becomes law, and then not a moment shall be lost in beginning the work. Similarly, as will be seen by tbo report eif tho standing committee, tho noctssniy Par- liamentary sanction has not yot been obtained for tho " DisuBod Churches Bill," which has just been introduced into the Legislativo Counoil with a view to carry- ing into effect tho resolution passed in tho last Synod, and to give tho Synod itself powor by ordinance to transfer to othor church uses buildings nud property in regard to which it is lu their opinion impossiblo or highly inexpedient to carry dut the purposes for which they were originally designed. The proposed Aot will, I ciuiuot doubt, bo oi the greatest possiblo usefulness. It well prevent tho time of Puiliument bouiç frittered away over a multiplicity of potty private bills ; it will save tho Church a largo and noedlobs waste of money in tbo conduct of such b'Jls ; and, by tho safeguard so carefully provided, it will, I believe, secure mora cfToctivo guaraiunship of church propel ty than oxibts under tho present system. 1 wish that I bad oeoù ublo to annouueo to the Synod that it had been paused ; I trust that when passed, also, what is needed will bpecdily be done. MennwhUo, the other works for which no Parlium'cutarv authority is needed havo been pushed forward. Tho King's School council lay their first 10 port on tho tablo of the Synod to- day. This very fact is the sign that the school itsolf has now assumed apublio charac- ter as an integral part of our church educational system, under tho sanction aud direction of uu authoritative Church government. Its constitution will for the futuro secure mi oiïectivo control over its general system to tbo couucil, which represents tho Synod, while full responsibility and power iu all that concomslts touching^und govcrnmont uro absolutely committed to the headmaster. Long boforo this alteration of its constitution-when, indeed, I lind been but a low days in the colony-the Rev. G. F. Macarthur intimated his desire to retiro from the head-mastership, after many years of able and faithful service. "When tho council was constituted that desire was allowed to tuko offect, and their first duty was (o elect as headmaster, undor tho advice of somo of thu best councillors in England, tho Rev. Arthur St. 'Gioy, M.A., whoso distinguised enreor ut Clifton College ana Oxford, and admirable work at Bromsgrovo School, aro sufllciont proof of'bis high qualifi- cations. Undor his auspices the behool is just about to re- open. It will bo been Ihut the council havo been obliged in tho purchase of propei ty needful for tho behool, in taking over the wholo ot the school Üxtures and furniture, and fittings, and in carrying out some needful repairs, to uudertako gravo pecuniary responsibility, in respect of which tiley will need the suppoi t of tho Synod and of churchmen in goneral, and tho many distinguished old pupils of tho school in particular. Nor can they disguiso Irani themselves that Improvements in the building aro needed in order fully to satisfy modern educational require- ments. But they havo full coiifideuco in the future of tho school. If that confidence is justified, thcBO difficulties will gradually bo removed, and, what is of greater conséquence, tho school, under the ublo and enthusiastic direction of its new head muster, will go on continually extending tho seopo and raising also tho standard of its usefulness, rendering to our community something of that priceless servico that tho gi eat public schools of England havo so nobly rendered to the higher education of tho old country. (Hear, hear.) Our Cathedral school has provod alrcuily u great success in its excellant effect, both on tho musical knowledge mid tho general toue und education of tho choristers. It could,'Iiowover, easily receive 20 or 30 non foundationors (who pay 12 guineus a your), und increase in the number of such suholais already attending will nd vanco the efficiency and help the iiiumtoniuioo of tho school. I would venture to suggest that somo of tho richer churches in tho city ima tho Buburba might hero co- operate with us by sending ono or two of their best ohoristers to receive the udvnntngo of a hillier general éducation, mid of the opportunity of lullor musical study. In this way, perhaps, tbo Behool might aid in thut general improvement of our church choiis which is now everywhere going on. Only ono step has yet boen taken towurds tho higher education of girls, at which I glanced hist year. The Clcigy Duughtcis' School ut St. Catherine's, Waverley, has rapidly advanced under the able manage- ment ot Mibs Phillips, und thu çouucil have greatly enlaiged tho buildingb-more than doubling the accommo- dation-with a view to incieasinir the number of founda- tioners to at least 20, and of udmitling asnou-fouudutioncrs tho daughters of layman, who pi izo, equally with the clergy, the advantage of u sound church educution of tho highest order. Tho soheiuo ib so managed thut if the number of the scholars (40 fouudulioneis uud nevu-toundationcra) is filled up, the iuBtitutiou will bo self-bupporting. Tho number of foundutiouers is molo than full, out the council venturo to solicit the sup- port of ull mcmbeis of tbo Synod, and of the clergy ebpe cially, in increasing the member of non-fuuudatione.s, and bo enabling them to pay oil the oxpeuso (about £2500) in- curred in the enlargement, and to make the school moro and moro efficient for its admirable work. 1 need hardly suy that oven then it will leave largo room for the establishment of behool« of high-class for girls on something liko tho model of tho "girls' high schools." in England. Tho Church of England should, I think, I toko up tho work as boon as possiblo ; and although in the I great pressure of other enterprises I havo not yot found timo to act ia tho matter, I shall be glad to give any movement In this direction my ycry cordial sanction and support. Of tha religious instruction in Publio schools I need only say that the work done in this dirootion by tho clergy and by tho teachers undor tho direction of tho oonnuittoo has steadily advnnced; and that although tho funds at thoir commaud have slightly inorcasod, thura is still urgent need of that riso to _IÔÛ0 a year for which I havo already asked, especially as "I fool euro that wo must havo soma paul assistance to relievo the hon. secretary (the Rev. A. AV. Pniu) of the increasing burden of his invaluablo labours. At tho same time, I would caU the attention of tho Synod to the return appended to the standing committeo's roport, which shows what I think many members havo not hitherto known that tho Church of England has still about 2000 scholars on the rolls of its own day schools (excluding all Grammar schools and schools of a highor order) ; and that, in spito oi tile unequal competition with tho Public schools, the numbors show no sign of diminution. (Hoar, hear.) AVo shall be only too glad if the Education Depart- ment resolves to take measures to inspoct (as in England) all schools undertaking tho work of popu- lar oducatiou. (Hear, hear.) AVo feel oonfidont that, under all tho disadvantages, our schools will hold thoir own. AVo bcliovo that (hore aro still vory many parents who, oven at ldghor coat, prefer tho fuller security for a sound. religious education which tho Church can give Now, 1 am awaro Unit tho bupportors of thoso two provisions for religious education term two distinct. parties, still (as is natural after the conflicts of the past) to boroo oxteut antagonistic to each other. But 1 would venturo to ask whether the timo is not como for all such antagonism to coaso-whother pxporienco docs not begin to show hero (what experience in England taught mo long ago) that each provision has its own peculiar necessity and value. Our ono objoct is that every way our children shall bo thoroughly educated, and that their education Bhall bo tho religious education which alone takes cognisanco of "all truths in their right ordor and har- mony, and trains all the faculties of human nature in Uko perfection. _ In the Public schools, which must inoyitablv take the chief place in popular education, is it not worth whilo to strain every uervo to secure all, and it is much that wo can secure under tho prosont law. Yet must not a sohool, which, whilo it opens its doors to till, is avowedly undor tho teaching of tho church, constitute a stronghold of religious education of peculiar strength, free from nil difficulties and adverse influences, ablo to work in fuller harmony with the Sunday school, on which so much must always depend ? 1 havo sometimes thought that it might bo possiblo to form a Church Education Committeo or society, with au organising secretary and inspector, under tho authority of the Synod, which-might ombraco tho whole of the work of the church in tins direction, might push on tho instruction in Public schools, clicourago tho existing church daj--schools, and, perhaps, help the organisation and improvement of our Sunday-schools also. Tho old Diocesan Society-now only a most useful Church book sociory-was, 1 beliovo, introduced, for some such purpose Might it be possiblo to receive this largor function with extension of rosuurccB and adaptation to tho samo varied needs of this, present time? 1 glance next at the provisions for fuller organisation of lay co-= operation, ou which I dwelt last your. ' Lnat night wo inaugurated in. tho Cathedral, with solemn prayer for God's blesstug, tho diocesan association of lay helpers, binding to- gether (as wo trust) more closely those who aro, or shall bo, . working in tho various parishes of the Church securing to them, as wo think, a -dearer con- sciousness of mission hy authority and a larger conception of what their servico means-deepening by common worship and .conference tho unity of Christian fellowship, and boaring moro plainly before the world witness of tho universal duty of lay ministration. Last Sunday I publicly sot apart tho first deaconess for tho Church of England in Sydney, and I have pleasure in an- nouncing that a sum of _600 Jins been promised by tho liberality of tho two Misses. Campboll as a nucleus for tho formation of n Deaconosses' Institution. (Hear, hear. As soon as it comes into my hands I shall citllin tho aid of our churchwomen to help us in organising this most valuablo form of women's work for Christ. Ero many years uro over I confidently anticipate that no popular parish in Sydney will bo without its dcaconoes, duly trained and instructed, and set apart for her ministry -a ministry working on the lines of Primitivo Church in- stitutions-hut (as it seems to mo) oven moro necessary hero and in our own days than in times' gone by, and in the servico of the church in tho old country. Since D oddrcsscd j ou last year I hnvo been able to carr}' out tho idea of local lay readers confining their service to thoir own- parish, and as supplementary the vory oxcollont work for tho Church nt largo which our old Lay Renders' Association had so long been doing. AV hat has boen done is, however, but'an earnest of what should he done hereafter. Evory country parish especially should have ijta local lay reader, otherwise the. service and ministrations of tho Church cannot bo kept up to an adequate standatd. In our city parishes, while wo must havo j now curates anil new parishes, still there is much, ycry much, for which the regular .and gratuitous servico of tho lay reader will have itspecular valuo. AVo are still, if I miitako not, behind somo other colonial diocosos in calling out and using freely this lay ministration. Last, not lodst. I havo, with tho aid of the counsel of my brothor clergy, boen carefully considering the introduction of that special kiud of lay mission ogeucy which has received tho name of the Church' Army in England. The matter wo felt was one of grave responsibility and somo uiiliculty. Naturally thoro was'' much difference of opinion, and perhaps a still larger diver- gence of, feeling updn it. But on certain poiuts ulraoBt all weio'agreed. Wo do want a church homo mission probably of a distinct character to cope with the evangel- istic needs of our densely populated city parishos. AVe aro not ashamed to acknowledge that in this respeot wo have learnt somo lessons from the Salvation Army, which ,wo ought to bo ablo to impiovo upjn by the sounder doctrino and tho moro varied organisation of our Church, sunnlying to thoso who aro converted to Christ the means of spiritual edification. AVo feel that fot this work wo must use elasticity and fretdom of method, and for such use, pro- vided that the truo spirit of our Church is pro-, served, I am willing to allow all possible latitude; and wo have thought is well that io each parish under the guid- ance of its appointed minister it should bo left to deoido whether it will adopt the forms, names, and peculiarities of method which tho Church Anny has employed. Already missions arc fully at work, largely by lay ageney, w ith differences of system, in the parishes of St. Potcr's, Woolloomooloo;'Christ Church, Sydney, and Pyrmont, and beginnings have been made in St. Andrew's and St. Stephen's, Newtown. At our next bcssíou I hope te bo able to report that this woik has largely oxtended, and has been moro fully organisod. There is but ono point howovor on which I must glance at passing. This popular agency * of ovaugclism must not tor a moilient load us' to forgot that for tho wholo work bofore ub wo want tho service not only from the clorgy but from tiv> laity Of 'tho highest education, thought, and culture. If on tho ono hand our chief few is the simplo godlcssness of ignorauoo, sensuality, and worldliness which needs ouly tho plainest and homeliest proclamation' of tho gospel from one who knowB for himself its regenerating power, yet, on tho other hand, not least among the thoughtful men of tho working-classes there are real difficulties of faith, an- tagonisms of rival gospels, intellectual, social, and moral misconceptions of what Christianity is iu itself, and of tho grounds on which it rests, and tho->e will tax the resouices of our best thought and intelligence in.will, iu tho higher strength of earnestness, faith, and enthusiasm- In some cuses higher education and greater sympathy bv experience with the habits of lifo and thought of tho uneducated will best tell, in others wo shall need tho largor knowledge of human nature and human lifo in' relation to God, which only tho iullest education can supply. AVhat wo must moro particularly rcaliso is, after all, the old apostolio teaching that " there aro diversities of gifts, but the same spirit," and tho special direction in which we ought to íealiso it is tho onhstmont to a far higher dogreo than I can yet seo of tho ser- vice of inca of higher culture, social standing, and education in this distinctly religious work. Such men we want to devote themselves, in spito ,of rho want of earthly inducements, to the wurk of the ordained ministry ; wo want them for the practical lay servico of which I havo spoken ; iyo want thom in tho councils of tho Synod and in other works of tho same kind which ara going on continually. If there is by the confession of all a danger in the political sphere, through the tendency of suoh men to abstain from activo public servico, contenting theuiBolvOB with the easy tusk of indolent and half desponding oviticUm, is there not some similar ¿auger in our ecclesiastical lilo tell- ing for ovil ou tho energy of our religious and charitable woi k f Lastly, in completing this record of the year, I must touch on two subjects entrubtid by tho Synod last y ear to tho standing committee. Tho first is the question of some modification of the principle of representation in the Synod, with a view to limit the rapid intrusion of new members. The repoi t of the committee v» ill tell you that the general opinion ot tho ruri-deacooal cluiutois was decisively against change, und that accordingly they i ocomuiend no chango ut present. Under the ciioumstanccs, I cannot doubt that thoir docision was wise. Bul I am convinced that tho i question ib only put oif. Aheady tho Synod numbers somo 270-nearly twice as many as tho members who represent in Puiliiuucut the wholo of Now South Wales, and in my experience it baa increased regnliuly by 10 or 12 niouibois eveiv year. Even the capacity of our new Synod Hull will soon lo severely taxed. For tho practical work which tho Synod has to do, it may eusily becomo too cumbroub, and especially as the inciense is mostly in small outlying pin ¡shea, tln.ro muy well bo increas- ing difficulty in finding good leprobt- ntatiics. The time, I think, must como ero long v, hen a ruii-denconal bath will have to be substituted for a puioly parodiiul basis of representation, and when, for this as for othor purpose», wo must obtain some modification ol thoso constitutions which in my judgment fotter tho Church far too much in rela- tion to it« organisation and methods of woiking. Meanwhile we must rely on the good seiibo, the power of wise reticence, mid tho p'nietieul energy of the synod to do effectively its appointed work. On tho other subicct-the piovibious forbupeiaununlion of cleigy, and for dealing with caseh oi real or alleged incapacity in the dibtharge of ministerial duty-two oidinancos will be laid before you. Tho first ib a clause insetted by desire of tho standing com- mittee in the ordinance for amonding the Superannuation Ordinance, which is brought forward this year by tho trasteos, for the purpose ol increaBÎug tho benofits and usefulness of the fund. It provides that in futuro all clergy who toko up work in this diocese shall bo required to join the fund. This provision-proposed (if I am correctly informed) in tho timo of my predecessor, and approved by him-has my heartiest concurrence. Wifh con- ditions of personal and soiiitual qualification of our future clûifry, the sj*nod would have no right, as I am sure it | would havo no dosiro, to interfere. But tomporaltios oro Its peculiar though not its exclusivo provinco, and tho cuaolnicnt of such a provision, currjing with it great ttdvuntago to tbo clorgy, according with that wiso forethought which is a Christian duty, and suppoited by piecedonts of public san ico, will, I cunnot doubt, conduco greatly to tho boneflt of tho w-holo Churoh. At the same time it is, of course, far 'from meeting the wholo necessities of the oase. It would be iusufficluut oven if it were prescient and universal instead of being only prospec- tivo in its offeota. Somo schemo must bo dovised of a fur wider churooter for tho creation-and this will need largo contributions from without-of a general pension fund. I do not think wo ought to bo satisfied unless, after a suffi- cient ported of service, nu allowance of at least £200 a year shall bo secured to a retiring clergyman. As yet, tho gi eat oomplexity and difficulty of tho problom have prevented tho standing committeo from bringing forward any completo «chemo. But this wish again will, I hopo, next year bo carrlod out, for tho subject itself - is unporlant.fH It must not bo over-hurried, but it cannot too long wait. ,On the othor mattor, moro doliente if not moro important-tho dooling with casos of real or alleged incapacity from any causa in tho, discharge of ministerial duty-tbo roconiniendution to bo'submitted to the synod is very Bimplo, supported by precedents in othor colonial dioceses, and hi somo recent legislation in tho . Ohurch at home. It is. that llicso should bo treated in tbo samo way us allegations of " ecclesiastical offences " before the tribunal already appointed by the synod. Tho proposal is, to my mind," strong in equity and common sense. -For neglect or incapacity in ministerial duty is, in tho truest sense, an eccle6iaslical offonco. It iu, in tho old meaning of tho word, nn "offence," for it 'is a daily Bcandal-n grief to those who lovo tho Churoh, and an occasion to her enemies. It is, in tho modero sonso of tbo word, un offence ; for it is o departure from sacred duty, at least as sorious in its offocts as the preaching of falso doctrino, and nbiioBt as sorious as personal immorality itself. No doubt tho investigation of such charges will bo very difficult, for ministerial duty must be defined, as in England recently, by tho questions of tho' ordination servico ; and that definition is wido and informal enough to introdnco somo ambiguities. No doubt logal difficulties will be in tho way, for, as far as 1 havo seen, legal difficulties always are in tho way of any moasnro of chureh reform and govoVumout. But, if tho principio is right, thesedillirultios must bo faced ; and, resolutely faced, will bo overcome. I therefore commend tbo proposal to tho careful consideration of tbo synod. All.that 1 will at' present say is -what perhaps 1 am obliged to know better than others-thut tho matter is olio of real practical import- ance. There aro cases-I thank God they aro very fow-where' tho spiritual lifo and welfaro of parishes aro being sacrificed -to ministerial incupocily. and I would remind you that tho ovil effect of tho scnnanl of such cases, extends far beyond these' few parishes. Wo must not,' therefore, put tho proposed action asido becauso it is difficult and. may seoin invidious. Weigh it on its own monts. If i.t seems to you wrong, reject it; if approves itself as right, let it at all hazards bo done. In connection with these matters, 1 may ulso draw attention to another ordinance to be considered this session, enacting that ull who take ofiico in tho Church sholl sign a declara- tion of obedieuco to thu rules and determinations of the synod. On'the moral duty of such obedionco I need hardly »ay a word ; it speaks emphatically for itself. But it is well to express that moral duty in terms of formal and logal obligation; and it is for this purpose that thoordi nauo is drown. I trust tbnt my brethren of tho clorgy will not think that in approving of tneso.prbposals-of which I will sav, in passing, that tho last two nt least should in my judgment apply, if possiblo, to the bishop-I am iu any way cureless of their right independence. Of that indopunàenco' I am very jealous. I havo again and again said I cannot but see that under tho conditions of our Church lifo hore it is not to bo ovorborno. But of that indopendouco I nm vory jealous ; I hold it osscntinl to the well-being of tho Church that it should not ho over- borne But the real danger to it is, not from defined legal control, but from the arbitrary and. capricious pressure of congregations, which is most rife where lognl control is least effective It was suggested in my own hearing not loug ago tbnt it was tho first duty of a clergyman to be " acceptable " to his congregation ; and I, of course, had to answor that any minlster.of the1 Gospel who took that view of his chief duty .was simply unfaithful to his ordination vow, which made ham he servant of Christ. (Ucar, hear.) Against that kind of pressure I should be glad to soo legislativa protection at the hands of the synod. Tho truo ideal is tho control of Church law over miuisters und congregations nliko. No man has a right to hold a position unless ho can really do its duty thoroughly, no man ought to bo driven from his position bo long us that duty is boiug done. Such is the survey of tho work and progress of the past year. Of subiools of more special jntoioat, thope uro some on which I might boro dwell, were it not that thoy bolong moro proparly to the General Synod, bo soon to meet. Such nro tho status in England of the oolonlally-ordaincd clergy, the general rotation of tho Aus- tralian Church to missionary ontorprise, and to tbo con- dition and -'treatment of tho aborigines, tho quostion pf modifications of Churoh bj stem, with a view te modern '"work and requirements, and tho still greater quostion of attempt at approximation to other Christian Churches. For tho Burne reason I will notdo more than iilluda boro to tho loss which tho wholo .Australian Church has experienced in tho withdrawal from it of a ohief guiding und inspiring forco in tho late Bishop of Molbouruo-(hair, hoar)-admired, respeoted, loved, as he was by all-oven while wo viow with satisfaction his transfer to a high position of honour and usefulness in England, as not only a tribute to his own personal merit, but a recognition also of true soliducss between (bo Church nt homo and the colonial Churches. But there is one subject which, as it affects our own colony of Now South Wales, I might rightly touch hore. By thu advico of tho standiug com- mitteo" representing this synod, I officially petitioned against tho Divorco Extension Bill. I trust that tho synod will approve that action. (Hear, hoar.) It has been my duty, for many reasons a painful though imperativo duty, to enter somowhat largely in public into tho discussion of tho marita of that unhappy measure, so that 1 need not weary tho synod by enlarging upon thom. It is enough first te repent-what I havo u'rgtd again and again-that our opposition cannot bo sot asido, in default of conclusivo argument against it, byanoor or denunciation, as a moro ocolosiastical prejudice, or an issuo of olorioal and _ priostly influence. No! it has taken plain, religious, and Bocial grounds ; it appeals to oven- Englishman to study his JJiblo, to examino tho lessons both of morality and oxperi enco, and then to think foi himself. It is enough next ' to place onco moro briefly on record our - three reasons ^for opposing with all our ndght the relaxation of tho marrmgo tie which is proposod-its rash depar- ture from what wo boliovo to bo tho Christian law, plainly laid down in tho Now Testament by Our Lord Ilunsolf, its tendency to impair both in fact and in public opinion ; that sonso of tho Bacrcdncss and practical «dissolubility of mnrnago, on which the moral welfare of society so greatly depends ; and its variation, without, so far as wo can see, any adequate excuse from the general principio of tho law of England and of tho wholo Empire, we bavo oudoa voured to do all justice to tho character and motives of our oppononta. It ' tho bill is carried, it will mainly bo by Christian hands and on motives of compassion and philan- thropy. But nono tbo less is it auother serious step towards tho secularisation of that old English law of which wo used to be told that Christianity " was part und parcel." In seeking to rcliavo individual cases of hareUhip with what may prove a questionable form of relief, it sacrifices tho good of tho wliolo community ; mid though its promoters may not dosiro it, it piuidors to tho growing impatience of logo! restraint over individual dosiro, and tends to tho fatal misconception arid degradation of marriage, as simply a matter ot mutual contract, to bo dissolved as soon as it is found burdensome Strouge'to say, so Bwoopiug a chango, winch ought, surely, to havo boou passed ouly with a cou-' sidorable approach to unanimity, and after full délibération, of ull who had a right to dolibornte, was carried in tho Legislative Council ouly by u small majority in a I1oubo,oí litfie moro than half the wholo numbor of members. I have been told thut opposition is useless. I doubt that. .The public decision ia still, I think, unpronouncod. 1 earnestly trust (hat oven now this community may bo kept from a step which i oligiously, »ocially, and (as lo speech) nationally, would be, I behove, u disaster to its higher lifo, serious far beyond our expectation, aud ovil beyond our fours. My time is ruuuinjj put, your patience may well bo almost ex- hausted. But tho vol y variety and extent of tho prac- tical matters which 1 huvo had to bring before you lends up naturally to the one general principio on which,' in couchuîou. 1 desire to dwoll. As I survey the work which lies before us here, I am still (as I was last year) strongly iuiDresbcd with our need, not only of deopor earnestness u'ud highoi' enthusiasm of faith, but of 'larger mid more comprehensivo conceptions ol' Church life, of Church work, ulid of Church misoious;-of Church lifo as soiuçthing greater und dcuper than tbo pnilial formula by which men aro apt to describo it-than fhc parties which divido us and multo out ot thoso formulas their battlo-crios. TbuB, on ona side wo boar of Protestantism us tho ono thing needful, defining tho whplo of our religious position, aud describing tho whole character of our Chuicli fnith und life. Now, if bj Piotestantisui is moaut udheience to the gieut principles' and iubtitutions of the Reformation, there m not, I suppose, ono of us who does not resolutely and thankfully take his stand on thom, no more dreaming of going back from tho position then won for tbo Chin di of Engluud thou of buircndoilng our oivil liberty aud cutting the sinews of nntional progress. But doe» Iho word or the idea of Piotestiiiiism describo tho Whole of tho principles of that Reformation settlement, in which, as iho Parliament itself, tho assfnibly then of Church laity declined was to bo no "varying from tho catliolio failli of Christendom " ? What is Protestantism, when we sol aside its first nurrow historical meaning in Goimany,aiid then ils purely negativo higiiiflcuneo us u re- pudiation ot thousuiped uujhoiity ol Rome!' It is surely the right assoition of tho principle of Individualism in re- ligion, the emphatic recognition of tbo personal aud indi- vidual priesthood of ouch beliovrr, carrying with it tho right of religions liberty, tho right undor solemn responsi- bility of private judgment, tbo right of borne shoro in tho truidanco and government of the Church itself, in .which ho hu direct spirituul uecoss to God tluough vital personal union with the Loid Jesus Christ. Its tiuo motto seems to be from St. Paul : "The head of every man is Christ, and tbo bcud of Christ is God." Its chief trophies uro tho assertion of the open Biblo, open freely to Ino knowledge and judgment of all mon, as the Bolo ultimata standard of necebbiiry Christian faith ; tho opening the Prayer Book for tho pubho worship of God to tho understanding; and the seeming, a* of rijcht to ull baptised mon, tho, full privi loge of Christian membership in life and ni aeiiïh; the ' omphatio déclaration, as especially on the crucial point of sacramental dootrine round which the English Reforma- tion so largoly turned (after tho teaching of St. Paul) of faith, which is the personal adhosiou of the individual soul to Christ, us ovurywhuro the ono thing absolutely noodful for participation, whother through the meuns of grace and through the secret working of the Holy Ghost, of tho in dwolhng presence of Christ on earth. Those aro great and priceless truths( old as Christianity itself, butrensserlod willi undying forcu in what is commonly oalled Protestantism. In these, I thjnk, lios the CBsenco, and it is simply mi error and au anachronism to confuso thoso by idealising Pro- testantism with this or that point of external form, this or that detail of public worship-as (ho Privy Council so wisoly pointed out in respect of the Knight'sbridgo'CiObs and the Exoter Reredos-which no doubt lind significance onco, but which under the changes of thought and lifo through centuries have ceased to havo distincliveness and value. So defined, which of us will not gloiy in tho uamo Of Protestant, and thank God from Ula boart for that whioh Protestantism has won ? But docs individualism cover tho whole of human life, oven in the most 6acrod aspoct of relation to God ? No., I hear it advanced on another sido, " It is Catholicism which doscribes tho (ruo churactor of tho "spiritual life of humanity iu Christ." Again tho tho ana«er draws its motto from St. Paul: "Christ is. tho head of tho Church, which is His body." Catholicism-the wold-speaks indeed of the universality of tho Church of Christ in respect of timo, of Bnaco, of character, co-oxtensivo in idea, and in practical growth towards that idea, with tho gunian raco itself ; but its essential idea ia tho recognition of a truo. indwelling presenco of Christ, according to His own presence in the common life of .tho wholo Church, unbroken through all tho lapses and changes of aires, through all corruptions und horcsicH, through all tho divisions-not, thank God, extend- ing to tho ultimato foundation-which distmct us now. It is tho revelation of God to Christian humanity, not as individual, but as social. No ono can woudor that tho thought of it has pressed itself emphatically upon us now in an age when nil problems, political, social, philosophical, aro passing trom individualism to what m tho largest sense may bo called socialism, mainly becauso ovorywhero individualism lins won tho battlo of porsonnl freedom, and bccntibo tho question now is how lo UbO that froodoui for tho good of the whole ruco. It ecos in Iho very exislenco of tho Church of Christ, unique aa it is in history, a living wituoss for Christ'hiiiisolf. In drawing out tho true sonso of tho -AVord of God it recognises in the history of tho thought, ;tho life,'the teachings of tho Church, an interpretative power, to which nono can absolutely submit the voioo of Mb own soiil, énh'ghtonod by tho inner grnco of God, but which it ia unreasonable, almost mad, to disregard^ In tho public worship'of God wo delight to claim, as in our Prayer Book, continuity with the worship of the Churoh of all ages past, almost from the Apostolic tunca to our own, and to' find in it not only a standard of truo devotion, but a formativo in fluèneo ou lifo and faith. It emphasises the reality and life-giving forco of tho sacramenta as means of graeo, grasped iudeed only by individual faith, yet requiring the ministration of tho Church to the individual believer, and thoso sacraments not only of lifo but of unity. It-assorts accordingly tho sacrednnss of tho call and miesion of the ministry of the Church as an ordinanco from tho Apos- tolio times, dorived ultimately from Christ him- self. It holds that, as thora is Individual freedom, soin tho wholo body there is an authority, sacred although not absolute, to which, unless tho thoughtful vordict 01 con- science poremptorily forbid, mon should ireoly submit their freedom, and so work all in order of harmony to a common end. In theso tilings, not again in this 'or that form, ritual language, especially, if theso bo tho obsoleto expres- sion of days" gono by, lies the essence of true Catholi- cism. AA'ho will again doubt that in its witness thero is great and needful tmth ? Yet who can rccogniso in it the wholo truth if it uegtect» or despises Üie othor truth of Christian individualism, and if igno rnntly it donouueca the Protestantism which em- bodies it as boing inconsistent with its own truth, if It obscure instead of illustrating hv tradition tho Avoid of God-if in itsievcrenco for tho old it dénies all right of reform and origination to tho Churoh of our own day-if in assorting tho reality of Sacramental Graco it forgets tho need of spii ilual reception hy faith alone-if tiy tho authority of tho Church and tho ministry it overheats tho ultimate sacred freedom aud responsibility of evciy soul in its porsonal union with Christ. Bnt let tho harmony of Protestantism and Catholicism bo over so porpect in assert- ing the supernatural headship of Christ over tho soul and over tho Church, is tile last word of Christianity spoken ? " No," wo aro told again, ',' beyond theso thoro is the world of tho wholo humanity for which Christ died, and to .which, so Ho Himself told us, tho Huly Ghost has a witness. 'Onco again, tho teaching has ita Scriptural motto iu tho Apostolic declaration ot Christ as thu head " gnthoriug in Himself " all humanity -nay, ali the croatod being which " was mado by Him and for Him." All truth, it says, must 1)0, however discovered, a revelation of God, and must therefore bo luirmouised with tho Supremo truth lovoaled in tho Lord Jesus Christ. All powers of nature and humanity must ha the workings of tho Almighty arm, and must havo their points of contact and harmony with the miraculous power of tho incarnation of God in Mis human nature and supernatural giaco to all who rocehe Him, which is its incvitablo . coubo quence. Tho wholo lifo of thu world, in all its aspects-domestic, national, and universal-must be clumed for God iu Christ, hnniionised accordingly in many uiiner'ones with tho supremo note ot the religious lito o'f faith and devotion "hid with Him in God." Ali that in the soul is true and righteous, and pure and loving- - whorover and undor whatever conditions it is found-must bo the inspiration of Gott, und so must again havo its sub- ordinate harmony with tim supernatural tuspii nrion of tho Bible and of tho Christian lifo. Every whare, so wo observe, tho watchword of the tcnch.ng is harmony-harmony in spito ot tho dulness oi huir.nn imporlecliou mid the dis- cord of human sin-between tho natural and super- natural-bofwren God in nature, in biston-, in humanity, und God in the Lord Jesus Christ. AVho," again, can fail to rocogniso in this teaching not only of titith, but truth specially aecoidnnt with that eravingfor unity in truth, in law, in power, in God, which is so characteristic of tho thought and aspiration of these days ? Yet who will not seo the danger plainly visible in it ni' observing and explain- ing- away the distinctness of tho supernatural, or, at leust, of failing- to bring it out with that dil cot simplicity which is needed by ignorant sinful souls for their own balvatiou, and which is needed as a witness by a self-worshipping, and, at least, half Gouless world? Better, wo think, tho baiest, even tho harshest mission of the proclamation of the super- natural in Christ, than tho thronging multituao of living notes of a coulused harmony in which the Supremo noto is obscured or lost. All these various aspects of Christian truth and Christian Ufo there must be, for thoy belong to human nature and God's dis- pensation to it. * It is not likely that in any ona man or any ono school they will bo recognised in perfect porfection. Each will bo apt to emphasise, peihaps excessively, Uie ono aspect which has been In each the revelation of Christ to tho soul. No one can look back over tho revivals of the hist century in the Church of England, and indeed, in all English Christianity, without seeing how euch has boen brought out 'successively with peculiar, emphasis. All, thank God, aro at ono as te tho'supremo hcndBhip of Christ, all as to tho need to sinful humanity- and tho reality of .!_» salvation, all as to tho duty of " fightiug under Hi» banner against Bin tho world aud tho doini." AU study tho samo English Bible, all worship in the samo English prnyor book. Tho true lifo of the Church of Christ íb greater than any ono of them ; it includes all, and has a place for all." .For myself, within Um necessary limits of law and Older, I would always leave'freedom to all. I would strive to sympathise willi all, whorover the lifo of Christ is scon, and tho work of Christ is dono. AVill it not bo our wis- dom, whilo with all our might wo sot forth what ne our- selves bcliovo to bo true and needful, to reeoguiso the large- ness and varioty of Cliristianvlifo and thought ; to abstain, as far as may be, from party strife, and denunciation ; to thank God for tho great things in which wo agree ; to soo that oven 'ho differonco botwoen us may be overruled to variety, and so to larger «copo of power for God. Nor can 1 refrain from touching, though- it can bo but briefly and in passing, on tho need of greater laigonoss and unity m church work. It seems to mo that, setting asido all divisions of oliqucB and pal ties, wo aro what I may call " over-parochialised " iu our Christian activity. Of conrso I know that work-for Christ, liku charity, " begiiiB at home"-as in a man's own soul, so in the congregation or parish, which is to him tho nearest aud most representativo of collective church lifo ; nor um I unaware, by the lesson, avon of my briof experi- ence, how strongly tho necessity of struggling to plant evorywhoro new centres of teaching and worship must tend for a timo to localiso interest and work. But still tho fact remains that it is very hard to bring out tho real unity mid real energy of tho Chuich in common work. Tho clorgy are, or think themselves to bo, go absoi bed in paroclual duty, that our general organisations tor Church work our missionary associations, our Sunday School institutes, our temporáneo and white e.ioss unions, our educational associations, oven our great Church societies, aro apt to bo but languidly supported, with no conti al or local uction. In enterprises of larger interest still, in which wo of tho Chuich of England act with other Christian Churches, and in mattets not distinctly religious, but affecting the interests, moral and social, of tho wholo community, must I not, without desiring to complain unduly, confess that I find myself, in whatever work of tho kind 1 am ablo to do, often too much alono? Nor can I in honesty fail to address remonstrauco at least in mind to the laity. I havo heard congregations and thoir rcprcsentatiies selfishly complain because the minister of their parish lukes his right and usoful Bharo in the common work ol tho Church, oi of Christianising amongst us. 1 find many, ver)' many, einnehmen, prominont in wealth, stnnding, education, who worship Sunday after Suudny in their own churches, perhaps lake some interest mid give some help in parochial work, but who me boldom or never Been m our church societies, our pubho church gatherings, or adequate suppoit of general church work, or in tho acjubcmtioiis and labours of our Chuich synods. Again, without uuduo com pnint, may 1 not say how much, not for mj own sake, but for the sake of tho work, I am forced to wish foi largor mea- sures heicol tho support for which I luu> some right to hopo? Our vei y Chuich organisation beut s impresa of the same want. It« pin ochinl needs uro in some measure, thouirh even hore not 11 lull measure, supplied. But central agencies for general church work without palochial uttaehment wo havo next to none ; und for want of thom tho burden upon ono who holds my position is gi oat, not so much in regard of woik (for of work no Bishop will bo afraid), but by distinction to little thingB of time, thought, energy, ¡ which might be moro usefully employed. Hero, in the largor and docper matters at which 1 hàvo glanced, ought we not to havo-if wo are to hold our right placo or work I for Christ, must wo not havo-somo larger and wider conceptions of whnt tho duty oí Church momberiM» implies ? For only thon can wo rise to great and worth» conceptions of what is our mission hore Tho mission of tbo church of Ohrist iib a whole in IIiíb land is nothing lorn than this, to win or to preservo for our Lord mastery over, tho future civilisation of u now Euglish world of the South. Crudo as yet and iiuporfoot aro everywhere our beginnings; often'wo feel their littleno«« hi comparison with the lsreor and richer life of the great old country. But they' aro beginnings of what should bo a future of _ grand opportunity ; and there is nraah,' in« finitely much, to bo done against many negative hindrances and mauy virulent antagonisms, to win for ¿bat futuro truo greatness, and to win it for Christianity or rather for Christ. And in that mission shall we not claim somo share of leadership for our own Church of England f Wo arrogate to oursclvoa no exclusive privilego or supremacy^ But wo must keep our place ; und wo must niako sacrifico to koop it. It stirs my impatianco, I confess, when, for iustauco, in rospoct of this or that contribution to the work of God in our Churoh, I boor it said-in the calm tone in which a moa might doscribo somo phj'siological peculiarity-" Oh, tho Church of England have not been educated to givo." Educated! I am inclined to say-How will thoy ovor bo educated if thoy havo not learned from tho plainest teaching set before thom, if thoy cannot rend tho still moro urgent touching of personal uoccssitj' and personal opportunity? if the pliraso moans anything it means that thoy have not cducatod thomselves to a senso of individual Christian re- sponsibility and a bolicf in tho mission of the Church of whicn thoy aro members. If that bo bo, or continuo to bo bo, then farewoll todced to any future greatness for our Church. It will falltand dosoryo to fall from its high estate, and leavo tho blumer of tho Cross, which slips from its nerveless grasp to abler and moro fuithful hands. But I do not and I win not beliuvo it. As I cannot but think that for some high purposo tho wonderful history of our Euglish power and sway bus boen dovelopcd under tho Providence of God-so it is to mo inevitable that our Church of England should havo been so wonder- fully guided and preserved, brought through a thousand dangers from without, aud revived açain and again from doaduess within, growing and spreading over tile world willi tho growth of our Empire, adapting itself to now needs, new conditions of existence unless it has indeed boforo it somo grout future of work for God. and of glory, not its own but His. To that mission I pray that ovory. whoro our Church may me, and that in that rise, wo in this Australian nhurch, wo in this ita metropolitan diocese, may not be wholly wanting. (Applause) BLEOTION OF 8KCRBTAKIB8. ., %" Tho Rov. J. Hargravo and Mr. W. R. Beaver wore elocted secretarios of tho sjmod. , '. OHAI11MAN OP COMMITTEES. Mr. Thos. Robertson was- elected chairman of com- mittee». ULEOTIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS COMMITTBB. * Tho following çontlemen were elected members of th» committee of elections and qualifications :-The Roy«. 8, Hungerford, J. Vuughau, G. Middleton, H. T. Rose, alta Mess«. G. N. Trewecke, B. R. Deas-Thompson, P. L, C, Shopherd, H. Selwyn-Smith, and Dr. KjTigdon. \\[ OUNE1ÎAI, nUSLSESS. , - A numbor of reports and acoounts were laid upon the table, aud it was ordered that tile documents be ^printed.- " FI11ST HBADINOS OF OKDINAK0R8. . \ Loavo was given to bring in the following ordin« ancos, and thoy wore read tho first time As ordinance for regulating tho modo of electing représenta« tives to tho Provincial Synod ; an ordinance for regulatins; tho moda of accepting ordinances and determinations of tho Provincial Synod; an oidinanco lo provide for .do, duration of submission to synod ; an ordinanco to próvido for dealing with casos of real or alleged incapacity in thp discharge of ministerial duty ; an ordinance to amend the " Superannuation Ordinance of 1S70," and tho " Superannu- ation Amendment Ordinance of 1887." : Tho'Synod adjourned at 10 minutes post 9 until half« past 3 o'clock on Wednesday. . ( 