Grand National Meeting. |Bt Telbobaph. I PraOK OCS OWH OOBBBflPONDEHT.'b Mblbouiwe. Mondav. The Melbourne Grand National Winter Steepleohase Meeting, undor favourable auspices, was held at Flemington Race course, on Saturday. Tho event was at tended with very propitious weather, whilo tho attendance waB large and the oourso was pretty haid, and tho fields wero small. Tho following are the results : — jhaiden xnnmiB jiacb.— air junroolot (B Carej), 1 ; Maokay (Malone), 2 ; Hobarfc (M'Leod), 3. The other starters wero : Argan thoue, Arietcorat, Pyrrhus, Joey, andEarmiU Betting : 6 to 4 Sir Lancelot, 3 to 1 Maokay, 5 to 1 Arganlhone, 6 to 1 Hobart. A good start was efleoted, Pjrrhus, Earmil, and Maokay were firtt to show in front. Coming round tho turn into Ue straight Earmil took up tho running from PyrrhuB and Joey, then oame Sir Lancelot, Hobart, *nd Mackay bunched, with AriBtcorat last. This order was main tained along the back and past the shedr, -where iho favourite movod into soooncV place, with Hobart and Maokay next, once tound the turn for home, Sir Luunoolofc drew sway, and won hard held by a. length from Matkay, who was two lengths from Bobart, and Earmil was fourth. Time : 3 mina. 66J feos. Maitbh EiiEPLEomsB. — Wiokliffe (Oreo), 1 ; Andy (Albion), 2. There were only two plaoedhorics, the others either baulked or fell.. Tho other starters were : Trooptr, War Danos,. Sir Robert, and Consternation Betting : Even on WicMiffo ; 4 to 1 agauvt Sir Roburfc ond Consternation. Wiokliffa made all tho run ning from the fall of the flag, and ho was attended by Consternation, Trooper, and Sir Robert. Wiokliffe continued bia advantage at tho bridge, whore Consternation and Sir Robert fell, and Andy took second place. Nothing further occurred, as Wiokuffo won easy by three lengthB. Time: S mins. 1J boo. Geand Najionai Htjkd&b; i»ace. — Ooean (Ferguson), 1 ; Ruby (O'Brion), 2 ; Sheet Anchor (Corrigan). 3. Other starters— Dura- tion, Tantaliser, Koolyte, Distiller, Hilltop, Grattan, Ditto, and Wild Dog. Betting : 7 to 4 Sheet Anchor, and 3 to 1 Ruby and Duration. Whtn the flag was lowered, Hilltop and Sheet Anchor, on the inside with Ditto and Grattan, bounded off with a good lead. Along tho lower stretch Grattan, who was leading, gavo place to Wild Dog. Tho latter rn^de all the running, attended by Ocean, who was two lengths from Qrattan and Ditto, theu o*ma Sheet Anchor, Hilltop, and Dur tion, with Distil!er a long way behind. Not rnuoh change occurred until after passing tho training theds, whtn Distiller ran round and upset a bystander. Wild Dog continued his advan tage, and led past the stand by three lonxths from Ruby, Grattan, and Ooean, followed by Hilltop, Sheet Anchor, and Duration. Racing along the far buok, Ocean displaced Wild Dog, and deBpita the efforts of Ruby (who led at the. turn) and Sheet Anchor, Ocean oame a way and won easily by two lingths from Ruby, who -was about the same distance from Sheet Anchor, -who was three lengths from Grattan, then came Duration, with Distiller last. Time, 6 mins. 25J sees. Geand National Stbzplbchasb. — Game (Corngan), 1 ; Native (Forguson), 2 ; Lady Asbton (M'CulIooh), 3. Other starters wore : Studley, Bob Cooper, Reticent, Roulette, Kanaka, Spangle, Brown Eagle, Charcoal, and Nuifiunoo. Betting: 3 to 1 v. Game, 6 to 1 v. Studloy, 6 to 1 v. Lady Ashton and Spangle, 7 to 1 v. Reticent, 10 to 1 v. Bjb Cooper and Charcoal. A good Btart. Charcoal and Native made play until well round the liver turn, ao companied by Roulette, Bob Cooper, Game, and Lady Aehton. They held much tho same positions along the eastern back until coming into the straight run, where Native led over tho firbt hurdle. Roulette fell, and Lady Ashton oame next, then Game and Retioont. The others dropped off from this point. Native led Lady Ashton, with the favourite two lengths behind, then oame Reticent. On rounding tho streti-h into the straight run Game came away and won easily from Native, who just passed Lady Ashton, Reticent fourth. Time : G mins. 48 sees. Eelmkq ;Hubdlb Rack.— Problem (King), 1; Joey (Smith), 2; Fusilier (Floyd), 3. Other starters were : Wild Dog and Louis. Betting : Even on Fusilier, 6 to 4 v. Problem, 6 to 1 others. Wild Dog and Problem daBhed off, and made the running, with Jo.-y, Fu-ilior, and Louis, next. Opposite tho abattoir* Louia ran round. Passing the Bheds Problem went t» tie front, and rar home an easy winner by two ole8r lengths from Joey, who waa a longth from Fusilier, who ran third,' W'lil.I'og fourth. Time : 3 mine. Gi sees. Flat Baob — Gardenia (O'Brien), 1 ; Duke of Athol (Brown), 2 ; Quinton Matsep (B. Powei), 3. Other starters : Plausible. Meteor, Ghost, Middlemaroh, M«deu, Bohemian, Kitawa, Straightshot, Sunny Days, Lesbia, Stafford, Kohai, and Oahloigh. Betting : C to IV. Bohemian, 6 to 1 Duke of Athol, uejbia, and Gardenia. Duke of Athol led from tho fall of the flag attended by Gardenia, GhoBt, and Quinton Matsep, until opposite the stand, when Gardenia went along with a great ruBh, and won by a neok fr^rn Duke of Athol, who waB two lengths from Quinton Matsep and Leubia. Time : 2 mins. 42j boos. 