IN THE DARK. -Argosy. ‘No he did not murder him, but he let him die Dr Cameron rejoined ‘Perhaps you are not aware,’ he con tinued, 'that the little lad was some- what feeble m mind as well as body ? I attended him more than once, at Yande- Isnr’s request, and I found that among other strange fears and antipathies he had a morbid dread of darkness. To be left alone in a dark room for only a few minutes was enough to throw him into a paroxysm of nervous excitement. His node—who. by the way, professed more affection for him than I could quite be lieve in, when I noticed how the child shrank from him—consulted me as to the best means of overcoming this weak ness I strongly advised him to humor it for the present, warning him that any mental shock might endanger the boy’s reason, or even his life. I little thought those words of mine would prove his death warrant ’ 1 What do you mean ?’ ‘Only a few days afterwards, Yande lent locked him up .ill night in a dark closet, where he was found the nest morning, crouching agvinst the wall—his hands clenched, his ey es fixed and staring —dead 1 ‘ Good heavens, how horrible • But no word of tins was mentioned at the inquest 1’ ‘ No, and I did not hear of it myself till long afterward, from a woman who had been Yandeleur's housekeeper, but was too much afraid of him to betray him at the time From her, too, I learned by what refined cruelty the poor lad’s nerves had been skakeib and his health undermined. If “ the intention makes the deed,” James Yandeleur was a murderer ’ I was silent a moment, thinking, with an uncomfortable thrill, of Ethel’s dream ‘lwish I had never entered this ill omened house i’ I exclaimed at length ‘I dread the effect of this revelation on my daughter’s mind ’ ‘Why need you tell her V he ques tioned ‘ My advice is to say nothing more about it. The sooner she forgets the subject the better. Send her away to the seaside, change of air and scene will soon effice it from her memory.’ He rose as he spoke, <md took up bis hat ‘What has become of Yandeleur V I enquired ‘I have heard nothing of him since we paid the policy ’ ‘He has been living abroad, I believe —gous: to the dogs, no doubt But he la in England now,’ tbe doctor added; 1 or el e e it was his “ fetch,” which I saw at your gate the other night ’ 1 A* onr gate,’ I echoed in astonish ment ‘What the deuce was he doing there 1’ ‘ He seemed to be watching the house. It was last Sunday evening. I had been dining with friends at .Richmond, and on my way back, between 11 and 12 o clock, I noticed a man leaning over the gate at The Cedars. On hearing foot-: steps he turned and walked away, but not before I had caught a glimpse of his face in the moonlight ’ ( you are sure it was he ?’ •almost certain—tuough lie was grea'ly altered for the worse. I have a presentiment, do yon know that you will see or bear of him yourself before long,’ e ■added, thoughtfully, as he shook tonus and went bis way. I lost no time m following his advice null regard to Ethel, whom I dispatched 1 > carborougb, m charge of my mar nei J sister, ,i ffw days later. n , token a hearty dislike to The e tor, and resolved to get it off my a tos as soon ns might be. j toil another tenant could be found, oitevei-j I continued to occupy it, going t 0 tod from town as befoie. SDiol° e eve ' lln S w,ls sitting on the lawn, r . . ln " JI 11 d f ter dinner cigar, and re r ll 1 ist letter, which quite ‘ S n Ured me to ber llBalt h and spirits, E „ n . , sedate °ld housekeeper pre a ‘ n ,^ e , r ? Wltb the information that 1 bad ca££ed to see tbe house, i, § eQ tleman or a lady? I enquired. km n en^ eman i Slr j but he didn’t give a 's name ° njj° and /k 0 visitor standing near the window of the drawing-room : a With l? aU j 1 o£ or thereabouts, tsstless bUt lu =S ard fnatures, and by a«, e^es ‘ ® l3 Hps were covered torvon.lv. mousta(J lie, which he was totattkhwn nS “ he St °° d lookin S "'U you al*| UBe 1810 be lefc ’ 1 belieTe J tn • meto l°ok over itV he Hm towar^s me a* I entered, at him “'Atoned familiar, I looked of the cha° re c ose ty> and then, in spite Dised Cam^x/ 1 * 1 1 11 , 8 a PP eara nce, I reoog- Wh 7 Pt ' Vandele 'ir. I?on dered° ba f e brou g bfc him here, I tetam tnti, ■ ba Wol >ld not care to position tn a Use ’ even be ' vere in » theB babbin e d 6 ! 0 E f °r whlcb ’ d udln S fr °m »ety d oubt y o£ Lls a ppearanee, seemed 'fttoneb* m!f en - Va ° ue CoD jectafea flashed Lindas I glanoedat his face, and noticed the restless ‘ haunted i look which told of some wearing dread or anxiety. After a moment’s hesitation I assented to his request and resolved to conduct him myself on his tour of inspection. ‘ I think I have met you before,’ I said, feeling curious to know whether he recollected me. He glanced at me absently. * Possibly—but not of late years, for I have been living abroad,’ was his reply. _ Having shown him the apartments on the ground floor, I led the way upstairs. He followed me from room to room in an absent, listless fashion, till we came to the chamber which Ethel had occu pied. Then his interest seemed to re vive all at once. He glanced quietly round the walls, his eyes resting on the door of the box closet. ‘That is a bath or dressing room, I suppose ?’ be said, nodding toward it. * No, only a place for lumber. Perhaps I ought to tell you that it is said to be haunted,’ I added, affecting to speak carelessly while I kept my eyes on his face. He started and turned towards me. ‘Haunted—by what?’ he enquired with a faint sneer. ‘ Nothing worse than rats or mice, I expect.’ ‘ There is a tragical story connected with that place,’ I answered deliberately ‘ It is said that an unfortunate child was shut up there to die of fear in the dark.’ The color rushed to his face, then re treated, leaving it deadly white. ■ ‘ Indeed!’ he faltered; -‘ and do you mean to say that he, the child, has been seen?’ ‘ No, but he has been heard, knock ing within, and crying to be let out. The fact is confirmed by every tenant who has occupied the house since then’— I stopped short, startled by the effect of my revelation. My companion was gazing at me with a blank stare of horror which banished * all other expression from his face. 1 Good heavens! ’ I heard him mutter; 1 can it be true? Can this be the reason why I was drawn back to the place in spite of myself?’ Recollecting himself, however, he turned to me, and forced his white lips into a smile. ‘ Mysterious story >’ he commented, dryly. ‘ I don’t believe a word of it myself, but I should hardly care to take a house with such an uncanny reputa tion, I think I need not trouble you any further.’ As he turned towards the door I saw his figure sway as if he were falling. He put bis ha«d to his side, with a gasp of pain, a bluish shade gathering over his face. ‘ Are you ill ?' I exclaimed in alarm. ‘ I —it is nothing. I have a weakness of the heart, and I am subject to these attacks. May I ask you for a glass of water ?’- I left the room to procure it. When I returned I found that he had fallen upon the bed in a dead swoon. I hastily despatched a servant for Dr Cameron, who happened to be at home, and came immediately. He recognised my visitor at once, and glanced at me significantly. I rapidly explained what had happened, while he bent over the unconscious man, and bared his chest to listen to the heart beats. When he raised himself his face was ominously grave. ‘ Is he in danger v I asked quickly. * Not in immediate danger, but the next attack will probably be his last. His heart is mortally diseased.’ It was nearly an hour before Yande lenr awoke, and then only to partial consciousness. He lay in a sort of stupor, bis limbs nerveless, his hands damp and cold ‘ It is impossible to remove him in this condition,’ the doctor remirked ‘I fear he must stay here foi the night. 1 will send you someone to watch him,’ ‘Don’t trouble—l intend to sit up with him myself,’ I replied, spe iking ou an impulse I c mid hardly explain. He looked at me keenly over his spectacles ‘ Should yon like me to share your watch ?’ he enquired, after a moment. ‘ I should be only too glad of your company, if you can come without in convenience ’ He nodded. ‘ I must leave you now, but I will re turn in an hour,’ he responded. Three hours had passed away; it was nearly midnight. The night was oppres sively close, and profoundly still. The bedroom window stood wide open, but not a'breath of air stirred the curtains. Outside all was vague and dark, for uqither moon nor stirs were visible. ’ Yandeleur still lay, half-dressed on the bed, but now asleep. His deep, regular breathing sounded distinctly in the silence. Dr Cameron s it near the dressing-table, reiding by the light of a shaded lamp I, too, had a book, but found it impossible to keep my atten tion fixed upon it. My mind was pos sessed by an uneasy feeling, half-dread, half-expectation. I found myself listen ing nervously to fancied sounds, and starting when the doctor turned a leaf. At length, overcome by the heat and stillness, I closed my eyes, and uncon sciously sank into a dozs. How long it lasted I cmnot tell, but I awoke abruptly, and looked round with a sense of vague alarm. I glanced at the doctor. He had laid down his book, and was leaning forward with one arm on the dressing table, looking intently towards the door of the box room. In stiuctly I held my breath and listened. Never shall I forget the thrill that ran through my nerves when I heard from within a muffled knocking sound, and a child’s voice, distinct, though faint and broken by sobs, crying piteously, ‘ Let me out; let me out >’ ‘ Do you hear V I whispered, bending forward to my companion. He inclined his head in assent and motioned me to be silent, pointing toward the bed. Its occupant moved uneasily, as if disturbed, muttering some inco herent phrases. J'uddenly he pushed back his covering and sat upright, gazing around with a wild, bewildered stare. The pitiful entreaty was repeated more violently and more passionately than before. ‘ Let me ont, let me oat!’ With a cry that rang through the room, Yandeleur sprang from the bed reached the closet door in two strides, and tore it open. / It-was empty. Empty at least to our eyes, bat it was evident that oar com panion beheld what we could not For a few breathless seconds he stood as if frozen, his eyes fixed with the fasci nation of terror on something just within the threshold] then as if retreating before it, he recoiled step by step across the room till be was stopped by the opposite wall where be crouched in an attitude oi abject fear. The sight was so horrible that I could bear it no longer. ( Are yon dreaming 1 wake up,’ I ex claimed, and shook his shoulder. He raised his eyes and looked at me vacantly. His lips moved, but no sound came from them. Suddenly a convulsive shudder ran through him, and he fell heavily forward at my feet. ‘ He has swooned again,’ I said, turn ing to my companion, who stooped and lifted the drooping head on to his knee. After one glance, he laid it gently down again. 1 He is dead,’ was his grave reply. And with Yandeleur’s death my story ends for after that night the sounds were beard no more. The forlorn little ghost was at rest. 