BY-THE-WAY. IT'S only another proof, if one were wanting, of the general foolishness and puzzle-headedness of persons in authority that our David Gaunson has not been appointed a member of the Sludge Inquiry Board. What do Messrs. Shakespeare, Ford, Walker and Rowan know of sludge compared to our inimitable mudthrower ? It will scarcely be credited that Mr. Gaunson, the authority on sludge, has not even been called as a witness before the Board. "HULLO," we exclaimed, as we meandered up Bourkestreet. The cause of our making this remark was a huge placard over the Opera House door bearing the strange device, "Boucicault Turned Up." It seemed strange at his age. We had as stern a parent (male) as most people. He, we, the leather strap, and the woodshed were old acquaintances. Ours was a case of genuine friendship, where familiarity failed to breed contempt. Yet we do not recollect getting tunied-up after we had reached the age of twelve or fourteen. Now, Boucicault looks a good deal more than fourteen, any way. . WHAT should be the Christian name of a blackleg, sir ?' inquired our youngest devil, timidly keeping himself near the and his eyes on our ruler. We pretended to guess, "opiug to get th'e yousg scoundrel within range ; but he was too wary. Evidently/the-sound of the dull thud of our ruler ' las penetrated mtoiiur Composing room. Standing half in a «d half out of the: doorway ready for flight he gave us the "Wei-, " Why s Ebenc'zer" (ebon knees, Sir), and fled. We hurled our ruler after him/ but only succeeded in hitting a "'an who was comiiig in to give ue a straight tip for the Cup. not even in that there is some satisfaction. We have saved »iouey by not getting that tip. ' • SOME of our contemporaries have fine ideas about classification. One, under the heading Railways and Conveyances, publishes an advertisement anent the performance of " Dvorak's Cantata," because, we suppose, the audience is expected to be carried away with enthusiasm. A MEETING! convened by David Blair was lately held in the city to consider the advantages of a new patent, whereby the refuse matter from the tanners and saddlers can be converted into a product of such durability that it may serve for railway break blocks. Now surely in view of this wemay hope that some inventor will yet discover a ufee to which the waitingroom sandwich may be put, by which it may become of service to the State, in place of the position which it now holds as tbe sphinx of the cuisine. Many a traveller has chipped pieces out of its impenetrable surface, and wondered that there is so much controversy over the best materials for street paving, and marvelled at the shortsightedness which has led to the waitingroom sandwich being overlooked. There is the substance for which everybody has been looking, and whose claims have never yet been properly advocated — better than the composition of macadam, infinitely better aud more durable than kauri pine blocks, the introduction of the sandwich as a street paving could not fail to compel the admission that at last a great want was supplied, and a universal obstruction converted into a national benefit. THE following pathetic appeal appeared in a recent daily:— MBRELLA taken from Exchange U Dining Booms (Mrs. Burton's) by mistake, please l-eturn. It is to be hoped that the said umbrella will not be deaf to the urgings of reason, but that it will see the errors of its ways and return to the arms outstretched to receive it. By-the-way, the niceties of the English language are here available. If you take away a silk umbrella and leave a gingham, that is a mistake; but if you leave your silk and take a gingham, that is a blunder. THERE is wailing and gnashing of teeth at Menindie, whereof the reason is obvious. Recently the rabbits became intolerable over there, and, amongst other remedies suggested, the idea of employing domestic cats to diminish the evil was adopted. And now the Menindieites are hunting around with knobkerries and waddies for the proposer of that scheme. If they come across him he will probably spend a mauvate quart d'heure with those who have profited by his advice. It seems some three hundred cats were let loose on the Tolarno run, in order that they might contest the borough— that is, the rabbit burrow. But instead of doing this they have rejected rabbit-hunting as unprofitable, and the whole detachment has invaded the town, aud now the roof-top harmony which prevails there some travellers compare to tlie Waguer festival, at Bayreuth. ONE of our contemporaries—with lugubrious tendencies — has been enlivening the usual sombre tone of its columns in a peculiar but to-be-expected-manner. To wit, it has dished up some correspondence of a more than usually sepulchral character for the delectation of its readers. Two correspondents, one of them in a hark-from-the-tombs epistle, have been advocating and asserting tlie rights, ages, and superior qualities of two Victorian grave-yards, each one sticking up for his own particular necropolism in a most exhilarating and back-from-the-grave manner. LET'S see—Ararat was the place, if we mistake not, where Noah beached his freight-ship, aud disembarked his live stock. We weren't quite sure about this until lately, but now we have come to the conclusion that the place out here, bearing the same name, must be the original Ararat, for a remnant of the antediluvian dilatoriness brought over by that very ancient mariner appears still to survive. This, it must be admitted, is a natural deduction, when we hear that a young man bids his friends goodbye, especially states that he is " going to die," waits a few hours, and finally, after taking the trouble—and time—to bar the door of a hut opposite to his father's hotel, commits suicide, without the slightest interference on the part of those friends whom he previously acquainted with his intention until it was too late, They are a go-ahead people are these Arrah i ratters! THERE is now no excuse for anyone residing in, or contiguous to, the Indian Ocean abstaining from copious bathing, as floating islands of pumice Btone are drifting about without an owner. The Germans are not likely to annex them, as they are not given thai way—ahem! and the French also are antithetical to too much aqueous contact. So that if Britain hurries up she may possibly take possession of those islands straight off. Or, if she doesn't like that, she might float some boxes of soap down, " With Queen Victoria's compliments to the natives, may they have one good wash and live happily ever afterwards!" THE Spring meeting of the South Suburban Horticultural Society was recently held at Prahran. A continual stream of cabs waB incessantly flying to and fro for some days before the opening of the exhibition. Some carried the plants and others struggled along with only the names of the different flowers. The Rhyneospermum {sic) and the Anthuriumschzerianum,especially gave considerable trouble,as the door was not large enough to admit of their entrance, and they had to be hoisted up the window. Among other names, the Gladstonu was noticeable. This suggests an idea. The tinje will come when testimonials to members of Parliament will be obsolete, the worthy—or unworthy—one will simply be permitted to select the flower which he wishes to be named after him, and so his name will be perpetuated. The Gaunsonii, the Bentii, the Gillies- Bmileii will look wellinthe horticulturalaunals of thefuture. TALKING about the Melbourne Cup and losing money, it resembles matrimony. Not because it's a matter o' money, bless you, no ; but because the Gujrll do it. It also results in a tie. A GRIEVANCE was lately aired in the Assembly relative to double rates being charged for the transmission, by telegraph, of messages iu Welsh. Quite right too ! The rate is charged per word, but when such an alphabetical monstrosity as Apjhppofmlejpupnj {Yes) claims to be considered a word it is time that the rates were proportionately expanded. PERHAPS thatexplains why Gaudauv collapsed in his race with Beach. The Australasian special describes him as a long man "with a gipsy complexion and a smile." Bear in mind that this was just before, not after, the race. After a tussle such as Gaudaur had with Beach even Munro or Mirams might consider it pardonable if that athlete went in for a modest quencher, and smiled into a pewter, but to smile just before the struggle was to deliberately throw away his own chance and his backer's money. What could the man's trainer have been thinking of to permit such a thing ? SCENE : The Fkmington Racecourse just after the Derby. EXCITED INDIVIDUAL {to calm person).—Who's won ? C. P.—Trident, of course. E. I. —And who's second ? C. P.—Chesham. E. I.—And what's third ? C. P.—Aglaos. E. I.—What "oss ? C. P.—Aglaos. E, I.—What's his name? C. P.—Aglaos. E. I.—That's what I want to know —what 'oss ? C. P.—Oh, go to the . SOME practical joker, by the aid of a little phosphorus and a sheet, has been making quite a stir in Kew by personating a ghost. Half the town is too frightened to go out of doors after dark, and the other half are very indignant—in doors. However, it is only fair to the perspicuity of the inhabitants to say that '' Grave doubts are entertained as to the realuess of the ghost." This doubt is heightened most likely by the lately gained knowledge that the " ghost" has taken to pergerinate upon stilts. It is principally visible to females, and shuns the society of intrepid males. Not long since it was encountered by a sturdy cabman armed with an iron wrench) when it so far forgot its supernatural dignity as to ignomiuiously take to its heels, and run—not glide—up a side street. The police are keeping a bright look out for his ghostship, who " com'st in such a questionable form," and if they catch him they will say, like Horatio, "Stay ! Speak, speak, I charge thee, speak !" Now that the great race of the year has been decided we may look forward to seeing the various columns of our morning contemporaries, which are set apart for the special purpose, overflowing with advertisements somewhat similar to the following:— OULD geutleuiau who got up £1 sweep w on Cup on Stand, dressed iu loua trousers and diamond rings, please communicate with A. Phool, who holds winning number. OULD gentleman who borrowed my W field-glass return same immediately. Otherwise prosecuted. A. Backer. NLESS the person who got up sovereign U sweep on the Coburg Stakes hands me over my winnings by two p.m. to-morrow I will have him arrested for obtaining money by false pretences. X.Y.Z. OST on the Lawn, pawn ticket for the L family plate. Please return to disconsolate owner. Howard. M.L.A. TS70ULD the peraon who lost half-a-dozen ' * six-buttoned gloves bo gentlemanly enough to meet his wagers. He is known to the advertiser—Miss Block. TTNLESS the scoundrel who borrowed my wife on Hill last Tuesday return same to heartbroken husband in the course of tomorrow he can call for the kids. "FOUND, on the Flat, twins. Owner can have same by paying expenses. T EFT on third row of Stand, patent selfacting improver. lleBtore immediately. TS7ILL the two Queensland squatters who * * neglected to pay for their lunch send 5s. to caterers. Otherwise proceedings. OULD the gentlemanly bookmaker who W left the course hurriedly after the Cup please meet advertiser and his engagements. OST Cup Day in Saddling Paddock.—A L parcel of unadulterated blasphemy. Reward upon return to—Bookmaker. 