The Promise of the Present. How long will the present Parlia ment last, is a question that more than one liberal has asked of late, and the interrogation is significant enough, when we understand . that the term of tho Parliament hounds tho reign of the Liberal party. There are. however,- many signs that a dissolution of the House niay occur sooner than was anticipated a very short time .ago, and it is very certain that if an appeal is now made to the country, the ver dict will be somewhat different from that recorded at the last general election. That, which put Sir Samuel G-mititii into power, will turn him and. his part)' out of office, for, to tho Land Act with ali its. novelty, all its inisty theories, much of tho popularity of the Ministry was due, and tho colony has seen what uao ucuumc ui j.u.1. \jruuige sllllctglUllliJSlll I/he hands of his unskilful disciple, Mr. Dutiw. With- the Land Act aliena bion was to disappear, but in vain was bhe attempt made, and even with the *8sistanco of the ten million loan it was Found impossible to stifle alienation, md so again it appeared in another Bonn as distinct, though not so useful is in the Act repealed. An at hempt was made to conciliate the work ing-men, aiicl.th'e' Government can hoar bho opinion ? of the unemployed, and ruminate anent the mutability of poli tical popularity.; an effort was mado to secure the adheroncc of tho squatters, yet the pastoralists hardly seem to ap preciate the interest taken in -their wel fare : suspecting that the pure merino lleeeo of Mr. Button nay, hide the wolf ;? the selectors and the farmers generally — ia-whom iriuch. was' promised, and* by whom much1 was required— are . con vinced that the rotlombhtade of the Ministry regarding the benefits of the now systpm.was as bascless^s the pros perity that 'system: was to bring. ;: , The railway system has' proved a groat failure because it was without system, an accident of the huge loan* which has, in truth, affected all that tKo Govern ment have done since they took office, for; .whea the schemes /of ' the Minis -try are- carefully analysed, ? it \ will he ?Pi-iiivi/l T*.lio4: ?111 finrt4n*/k in «.. «??» luuuu ; , vuivv . is**. \j\\*iiu±\f . . ill \jx illtj mainly influenced by the loan \yhich promises to make the future burden -of the colony so heavy. Thus, hesitating members who looked askance at., the Land Act were' toldthat-if'they 'could not '?support thatj- no -share of. the bor rowed capital' would- be theirs, and influenced no doubt by the knowledge -that their constituents looked; eagerly : 'for a portion of the millions, many representatives gavo their adhesion to, a measure, against wliioh they subse quently inveighed in unmeasured terms. By the loan came, the Land Aet, and by, flm lnjin nifio fiama tho -oxiravnn'nrit nnrl ? useless expenditure' of 'capital '? upon' railways which should riover. haveNbeen; ^proposed, but which were yielded to a pressure that could not be. denied, because it is 'the outcome of a- State! railway- sysijom ii\ . a. country under an ? elective GbvernmoiVfc. /?' ' ; ' ? ' ? What policy tho Ministry has initi ated is duo to and evolved by the ten million loan, which js the loadstone holding- in unity, some political par ticles most antagonistic, nay repulsive in their qualities, Yet, for. this loan was abandoned, a railway system which would have, done much to push the colony on towards prosperity, and which no doubt will yet be taken up, for, as wo havo returned to alienation and land grants, there is no reason why so logi cal a statesman as tho Premier shemld not prove to the satisfaction of his followers and himself, that a land grant railway is but the . extension of an immigration land grant, and sure, if this Cliiof Secretary does not adopt tho system the next will, and when ' that time comes there will be heard no complaints from the un employed, for more - work will be available than the laborers in the colony can compass. The misrepresentations concerning the total (-loss of the land,' the people's heritage, can now be calmly viewed, and proved the fallacies' they were, forthe country obtains from a railway syndicate a far moro weighty consideration in exchange for the land granted than is given by the immigrant who pays his passago to the colony. In tho United States, land grant rail ways induce settlement, and the alter native system provides for the profits being equally divided, and for the ul timate occupation of the land by small settlers who will hold and cultivate all the country along the line that is worth cultivating. As the method of build ing railways 'fay loan has failed, as the attempt to run a Government by loan has failed,- as the Land Act, passed by the weight of loan has proved a failure, so we may anticipate that tho Govern ment, weary -of attempting tho impos sible, will cease to coerce by loan, .and accept the verdict of the country which the Upper House, it is to be hoped, will convey, for verily oE their acts none remain save the ghosts of pro mises, whose presence must prove the worst of company. 