CHAPTER VI. GBAXDMAMMA TO THE BESCUE. Mrs. Sandford got up very early next morning, some time befdre it was daylight. She baa scarcely slept all night. As quiet as a little ghoBt, not to wake her husband, she had stolen upstairs after dismissing John to bed; and she stole out of her room as softly in the morning, her heart rent with trouble and fear. It was her habit to go out early in the summer mornings to look after the garden, to collect the eggs from the poultry-yard, to gather her posies with the dew upon them, which waB an old-fashioned way she had. nut in winter the old lady was not so brave, and feared the cold as the most courageous will do. Notwithstanding, it was still dark when she stole out, unseen, aB she fondly hoped, by Sarah in the kitchen. The darkness of night was just beginning to yield to the grBy unwilling daylight. The milkman was going his rounds. Some late people, not the labonrers, who were off to their work long ago in the darkness, were coming out very cold to their occupations; the shop had still a smoky paraffin lamp lighted, and there waB one oi the same de scription shining through the open door of the Green Man. Exoept for these points of light, all was grim and grey in the village. The sky widened and cleared minute by minute. It did not grow bright but slowly cleared. Mrs, Sandford had a thick veil over her face, but everybody knew her. To attempt to hide herself was vain. She had taken a basket in her hand to give herself a counte nance. It was a basket which w$s well known. It carried many a little comfort to sick people and those who were very poor. The sight of the little slim old lady with her fair fresh face and white hair, her trim black silk gown and warm wadded cloak and the basket in her hand, was very familiar to the people in Edgeley. But she waB seldom out so early, and her steps were a little uncer tain, not quick and light as usual. You could generally see. to look at her, that she was very sure where she was going and knew every step of the way. This morning she went up past the Green Man, so that the milkman, who was a great gossip, said to himself " I know! She's going to that tramp as was took bad last night in Feather-lane. But when he had gone on his round a little further and saw her coming back again, his confidence was shaken. " It must be old Molly Fidgeon she's look ing for—and most like don't know as she's moved." But when Mrs. Sandford crossed the street, this observer was altogether at fault. " There's nobody as is ill that a way," he said to the customer whom he was serving. " Whatever is Mrs. Sandford doing out with her basket at this time in the morning, and no Bickness to speak of about ?" The woman standing at her door with the jug in her hand for the milk leant out. too and stared. " There's a deal of children with colds, and old folks," she said. And they both stopped to look at the uncertain movements of the little figure. Even curiosity in the country is slow in its operations. They stood half turned away from the milkpails, which was their real point of meeting, and stared slowly, while the unwonted passenger in still more unwonted uncertainty flickered along. In the meantime there had been a little commo tion at the Green Man, suoh as was very un ueuftl too, for in the morning all was de corous and quiet there, if net always so at night. There was a loud Bound of voices, which though beyond the range of the milkman and his client, attracted the attention of other people who were about their morning's business. The poBtman paused while feeling for his letters, and turned his head that way, and the people in the shop came running out to the door. *• It'll be him as made the row last night," they Baid, in fond expectation of a second chapter. Their hopes were so far realized that at this moment the folding swingiog doors flew open, and a man burst out more quickly than is the usual custom of retiring guests. And he stopped to shake his fist at the door, where Johnson appeared after him watching his departure. " 1 promise you I'll keep an eye on you," Johnson cried after him, and the stranger sent back a volley of curses fortunately too hoarse to be very articulate. MrB. Sandford crossed the road again just at that moment, and she heard better than the observers far off. A look of horror came over her face, " Ob, my good man," she cried, lifting up her hand, " I am sure you don't wish all those horrible things. What good can it do you to swear ?" The man looked at her for a moment. Her little dainty figure, her careful dress, her spotless looks made such a contrast to this big ruffian, all disordered, squalid, and foul, with every appearauce of having lain among the straw all night, and the traces of last night's debauch still hanging about him, as no words could express. He stood a moment taken aback by her address; probably he would have shrunk even from appealing to the charity of a being so entirely different and out of his sphere; but to have her stop there and speak to him took away his breath. His hand stole up to his cap involuntarily. "It do a man a deal of good, lady," he said ; " it relieves your mind; but i didn't ought to," he added, beginning to calculate, " I know." " You should not, indeed," she said; and then added, " VTou seem a stranger. Are you looking for work? or have you auy friends about here?" The poBtman. the woman at the shop, and everybody within sight admired and won dered to see Mrs. Sandford talking to " the man." This was the name he had already acquired in Edgeley. They wondered if she would know that he was a man out of prison. But she was known to be very kind. "I shouldn't wonder if that was just why she's doing of it, because nobody else would touch him with a pair of tongs," an acute person said. Be seemed, it must be added, much sur prised himself; but he was a man who had been used to prison chaplains and other ebaritable persons, and he thought he knew how to get over every authority of the kind, "Lady," he said, "that's just what I want. It s work to earn an honest living; but 'c&UBe; I'm a poor fellow as haa been in tronble, nobody won't have me or hear speak of me; but to have been in trouble oncet, that's not to say ye don't want to do no better. It's only when ye getB there ob ye knows bow bad it is." " That may be very true," said Mrs. Sand ford; " but a little village like this is not the place to get work, I'm afraid, for there is nothing to do here." " No, lady," said the man; " and it wasn't so much work I was looking for this morning ' as to do a good turn to a mate o' mine as was with me, I needn't say where. Maybe ye may know, lady, as it can be seen you're a charitable lady—maybe you can tell where i I'll find a Missis May" MrB. Sandford's little outline quivered for a moment, but her face did sot change. She shook her head. "There is nobody," she 1 said, " of that name in this village. I know all the people, as yon say. I think there was one of that name abont here a number of years ago, bnt she has removed, and where she has gone 1 can't say," "Ah, that's like enongh," said the man: " it's a long time: and maybe she might not want the folkB belonging to her to know"— "Was it news yon were bringing her?" Mrs. Sandford said. " That was very kind of you—bnt perhaps Bhe would rather you didn't tell her affairs to everybody, and that her husband was" " 1 didn't say nothing abont her husband," said the man quickly, " Ob, was it her son then, poor creature ? for that is still worse," the old lady said. He looked at her keenly with the instinct of one who, deceiving himself, has a constant fear of being deceived; bat to see the littie Lady Bountiful of the village standing there with her basket, her fresh race as fresh as a child's, ber limpid eyes looking at him with an air of pity yet disapproval—to imagine that she was taking him in was impossible even to a soul accustomed to consider false hood the commonplace of existence. "It was her 'usband," he said sullenly, " and I don't care much if she liked it or not. She ougher like it if she didn't, for it was news of him I was bringing, and I could tell her all about him—being mates for a matter of seven years, him and me." "Poor woman!" Mrs. Sandford said. "But I can't tell yon where she has gone, only that she's not here." " You wouldn't deceive a poor fellow, lady. I've 'ad a long tramp, and that beggar there, though it's nothing but a public he keeps,— him" "Oh,"said Mrs. Sandford, "don't swear. What good can that do yon ? Indeed, I am not deceiving yon. I'm very sorry for yon. I will give you something to pay your fare to the nearest town. You will be better off there than here." " It's not mnch of a town as far as I've heard," he said, " and I ain't 'ad no breakfast. And my 'eart's set on doing my duty by my * t I'll fi ■ mate. I'll go from door to door bnt I'll find that woman, blaBt her. She's a proud 'un, I know and thinks herself a lady, I'll have it out with her I will, afore I go. "In that case," said Mrs. Sandford, "I can't give you the money I offered yon, and 1 meant to give you something for your break fast too—and 1 must speak to the constable, iorwegc&nnot; have yon about the village, Mr. -*—, I don't know what your name is. To have! you here frightening all the poor people would never do?' She gave him a lofty nod of her little head, and tnrned away: but the man, after all, was not willing to relinquish present advantage for problematical good. He made a stride after her, which frightened her very much and took away all her pretty colour, but not the courage in her heart. " Lady," he said, " if you tell me on your honour that woman ain't here—them folks all said so, but I didn't believe 'em—and if you'll give me—say ten sbilliD'—over and above the fare, as you promised" A gleam of eagerness came into Mrs, Sand ford's eyes, hut she controlled herself. " I can assure you," she said, "the woman is not here." She had grown quite pale, and though she smiled still, her countenance waB drawn with terror, perhaps, or some other feeling. " Yon're frightened of me, lady," the man said, "but you hain't got no cause, I'm rough enough; but a lady as speaks kind and don't try to bully a poor fellow, or go talking about the police, and besides I couldn't do nothin' to you. The men would be on me afore you could say Jack. And I'm pretty sore as it's the truth, and May's wife ain't here. She's a proud one, she is. She's maybe gone out of the country, or changed her name, or sum mat. Gi' me ten shillin' and I'll go away." " You had better go to the clergyman," Mtb. Sandford. " Gi' me ten shillin'," said the man. " Ob, perhaps I'm doing what is wrong; perhaps I ought to speak to the constable. I'm not a person with any authority, aud why should I interfere?" " Gi' me ten shillin'!" he repeated, coming close to her, holding out hiB band. "Will you go away if I do? Perhaps you had better see the clergyman, I've no right to interpose to send you away. Will you go if I do ?" He nodded, watching her trembling hands as she took out ber purse aud felt in it, Eressing very close to her, rubbing against er silk gown with his rough dress; and as it happened by ill-luck Mrs. Sandford had but a sovereign in her purse. When he saw it he put hiB hand upon hers suddenly, and crushed the little fingers together which held the golden coin. " Gi' me that," he said, with his hot breath in her face, "Gi' me that, or afore any o' them can get to ye I'll knock you down; and they won't do anything as bad to me." The little old lady stood enveloped in his big shadow, with his hairy villainous face close by hers. She did not shrink, nor scream, nor faint, but stood up, deadly pale, with her limpid eyes fixed upon him. " I am not afraid of you," she said, with a little gasp. "Will you keep your word and go away ?" Some sentiment unknown and inexplain able came into the ruffian's heart. He loosed bis grip of the delicate little hand that felt like nothing in his grasp, which he could have crushed to a jelly, and indeed had nearly done so. Ho said, "I will; I'll keep my word," in a deep growling bass voice. It was all that Mrs. Sandford could do to unclasp the fingers he had gripped, and to keep from crying with the pain. She dropped the sovereign into his hand. " Now go, she said. "You are game," he cried, with a sort of admiration, looking at her rather than the sovereign, though his hand closed upon that with the eagerness of a famished beast upon a hone. "I never saw one as was more game." She made a gesture of dismissal with her cramped fingers. "Oh, go, go—and God forgive you! And oh! try to get honest work, and live decent—and not fall into trouble again," "Good-by, lady," he said; then coming back a step—" I'm sorry I hurt you." She waved to him to go away. The man stiUlingered a moment, putting up his hand to his cap, then turned, and Blouching, with his shoulders np to his ears, took the way across the corner of the moor to the railway station, which was a mile off or more, Mrs. Sandford turned to go back to her house. She was ro pale that when she came near the door of the shop Mrs. Box came running out to her in alarm. "Oh, Mrs. Sandford, come in, ma'am ; come in and rest a bit. You've not a bit of colour on your cheeks—you that have such a fine com plexion. Yon're just dead with fright, and I don't wonder at it. How did he dare to speak to you, the villain? and shook your nerves, poor dear, so that I see you can't aa. 1 Oh, yes, I can speak," said tbe old lad Her knees were knocking under her, h whole little person in a tremble, "I was gli to speak to him, poor creature. He wanted some one that need to lire here by. Perhaps a person like that, who doeB really wicked thugs, may not be worse in the sight of God than many a one who makes a fair show to the world." She said this with many a catch of her breath and pause between the words. She was very much overdone, aa any one could see, but she wonld not sit down. " If you'll give me a little milk, or some water, to revive me, I'll be quite right in a minute," she said. "That may be true," said Mrs. Box, "for goodneBB knows the beBt Df folks you oan't see into their heart; but a man as has been in prison ain't like any other mac. They learn snoh a deal of harm, even if it's not in them to begin with. I've just made the tea for breakfast, and here's a nice cup—that'll do you more good than anything else—and sit down a moment to come to yourself, I said to William, 'There's Mrs. Sandford a talking to that brute; you go and see that she's all right.' But William, he said to me, ' If any one can bring him to his senses it's just Mrs. Sandford will do it.' So we stood and we watched. And what did he say to you, ma'am t—and dear, dear, how it's taken all the nice colour ont of your cheekB." " Thank you for the tea. 'It' has done me a great deal of good," said the old lady; "and now I must go home, for Mr, Sandford will be wondering what has become of me. Poor man, he was not all had after all. when one comes to think oi it. I told him Edgeley was no place for the like of him, and that perhaps he might get work in one of the towns, and he has gone away like a lamb. Oh, poor sonl! He was some poor woman's hoy once, that perhaps has broken her heart for him, Mrs. Box, and never thought to Bee him come to that, any more than you or me." " Well, that's true, ma'am," said Mrs. Box. " We don't know what they'll come to as we're so proud of when they're children. Hold np your head, Willie, do! aud ask Mrs. Sandford to let you carry her basket, as is always heavy with things for the poor." "Not this morning, Mrs. Box; 1 had but an egg or two in it," said Mrs. Sandford, opening the lid to show that it was empty. There was a certain suspicion she thought m this speech. " There is no need for troubling Willie, but he is a fine, good-natured boy, and always willing to carry a parcel or run an errand. Good morning to you all; you are kind folkB." She thought the tea had saved her as Bhe set out again down the village street. But her limbs still tottered, aud she walked slowly, thinking the way twice as long as usual. They all called out how pale she was when she got in. " It is going out," she said, " without a cup of tea or anything, which was all my own fault." " And why did you go out so early without saying a word ?" said her husband. "Charity, my dear, is a fine thing; but you should not carry it too far. Neither that nor anything eke is good when it's carried too far." Mrs. Sandford only smiled, and said it would be difficult to do that when there were so many poor people, and pretended to make a very good breakfast behind the tea urn. After breakfast she lay down a little on the sofa, saying that it was the moBt ridiculous thing in the world to be so tired for nothing, and that she must have taken something that disagreed with her, for the stomach was at the bottom of everything when one grew old. It was still holiday time with John, and be insisted upon staying with her when grandfather went out for that daily walk which nothing short of death in the house would have made 1dm leave off. John was unusually grave. He came and sat beBide the sofa with a very perplexed coun tenance. "Grandmamma, he said, "I feel all mixed. I am so puzzled with remember ing something. Bememberiugand forgetting. Wasn't I somehow mixed up when I was a little chap with the name of May ?" 