A LIFE'S TRAGEDY. l]r L"AUa.L BansaNoroN. Fabian Fernholt-Yes, reader, that is my name. Just sixteen years agO come next Eastertide, have I been resident in the fast rising township of Parramatta, one of the most notable of the suburbs near Sydney, N.S.W. My profession, I was once an actor, and should in all probability have continued to exercise the duties of my calling, but a severe attack of rhoumns tic fever laid me completely prost'atb. Recovered from this illness, it was not long until I became the victim of its after-effects3 Synptoms of heart disease began to manifest itself, and my doctors declared that the malady would defeat all their united efforts to stay the insidious progress thereof, if I should pursue the vocation wherewith I earned a very fair income, to wit, some &.1800 per annum, to say .-othing of very favourable dramatic prestige, and no little amount of public approbation. It was on the boards of Drury-lane I made my first bow before a crowded house, who had gathered to witness my delineation of the hero in the play known as "The Gamester." To my dying day I shall never forget the thousand nameless -emotions which strove for the mastery within me as I went forth to face the foot lights. Hope, fear, the dread of failure, and what not, set my heart throbbing so loudly that but for the prolonged and wel coming of my eagerly expectant audience, its pulsations must needs have been heard throughoutevery part of the theatre. Oh ! render, I had good cause for my agitation. For on my success or my failure depended the issues of my life's weal or woe in the coming future. A blind mother, a bed ridden father, must henceforth look to me for support, both for themselves and their four younger children. What wonder then that I was well nighl driven to madness twixt the conflict ing emotions whichheld my heart in thrall. I will not try to depict what 1 felt during the performance of my part, nuflice that at the fall of the curtain at the end of the first act I was recalled three times, while many an approving voice, nay I might say every one there, hailed my repeated advances in acknowledgement of applause with bravo, bravo; and from that hour forth I was declared to be an able exponent of art histrionic. Magic was the change in my circumstances, rapidly did the family exchequer fill to overflowing. Here I may tell you that my father, Egerton Fernholt, wasan officerin the rifle-brigade. At the time of his retirement, he had at tained the rank of Colonel, but save his pension no other means of support had he, and it was always expended long ere it came due. For Colonel Fernoolt was cursedwith a taste forlavish oxpenditure. When remonstrated with because of his shamcless extravaganee, and the harvest of evil he was but too likely to reap in the coming time, he would laughingly reply in answer to their grinm forebodings, thatit wse time enough to bid Iris SatanioeMajesty good morning when you ,met with him, instead of everlasingtly com posing a mental salutation ere he really appeared. However, the Colonel lived to experience the fact that his jest was one not umleavened with meaning of cruel earnest, for all too' suddenly was the horizon' of his hitherto prosperous career darkly beclouded, and like, the afiliction of Job, misfortunes fell on my father and his family thick as the autumtn leaves in beauteous ballambrosa. Blriely, shall I narrate the troubles by which life's erstwhile even tenor was so prematurely o'ersbadowed. To begin with, my mother bad the temerity to stand close to the parlour casement during the prevalence of a violent thunderstorm, and was blinded for evermore by the scathing influence of a lightning stroke. Her husband incan tionusy stayed out fishing for several hours under a regular downpour on spring day. His rashness resulted in his being the victim of' pleur.-pneumonia, and hardly had he recovered from this malady when he was seized withi paralysis, and be came ahopeless cripple. ho bachelor bro ther, whose accumnulated wealth he hoped ventually to inherit . wedded Zera, only daughter of Clive Matchero. While Ihis widowed sister, dying childless, very sensi bly bequeathed her £60,000 in the cause of charity; very properly thinking that those -f her kith and kin, who elected to squan der their means, or mismate themselves, would, or should, have no earthly rightto expect assistance from her, or indeed any \- ther of their relations. For my own part, I entirely concur with these sentiments. Nay, I would go further and say strenuously decline to acknowledge aoquaintance, much less connection with people of such ilk. Avoid them as you would a pestilence. Ilut a truce to any further cogitation, on such a sub ject. People of that kind are not worth even a tho'ght. So we now haste to con -consign them to the limbo of contemp tuouns oblivion. To my story then I'll hie. My parents this disabled, their means were wholly inadequate to supply the wants of the helpless invalids and their fourteen sons and daughters, of whom I, Sinyear Fabian Fernholt, was the eldest. By my second name I was ever known, mother not being my formal appellation. ..3 had jusst.copsjletesd my university edu cation at Oxford. when father and mother were prostrated by these afore-mentioned calamities; and, despite all persuasion of friends, relations, etc., I determined to qualify myself for the theatrical p-ofes sion. Eventually, I made my dlebut, with. what success , my reader is already' acquainted. And now for the heroine of my story. Veclia do Castella was a tragedian. Beautifdl as the Ifamous Ristori, gifted as Rachel, she was, as her name bespeaks, a child of the sunny southern Spanish clime, a daughter of one of the old hildagoes of Sangre-Argul, the purest, and of royal descent. But, alas I far from owning affluence befitting their rank. However, the fortunes of their house was in- some sort destined to be re -stored, and that through the efforts of the gloriously-beautiful taedy queen of my story. The rle in whh-she elected to ppar was arie Stuart. From floor to ciing the theatre was absolutely crammed. Never shlall I forget that -memorable night. Even now, her stately, beautiful image, vision-like, rises before my mind's eye, and I see as then I beheld her, tihe living embodiment of the ill-fated queen, whose miserable history she pourtraycd with slelineation so ivicd, touehing, and indescribably exquisite Spell-bound and fairly electrified did her audience appear, since throughout that mighty throng a solemn hush prevailed. The tirst act con iluded, their ecstecy found v:ent in loud and prolonged applause, a perfect hail atorm of costly bouquets, and freqluent rc calls before the curtain. The representa tion, from first to last, was in truth a ,rcation of histrionic genius, marveDlouG as beautiful on the part of the lovely Veglia di Castella, which from that time forth crowned her with a halo of im Ferishable renown. I had the honour of being introduced to La Signora di Castella by one of my brethern of tie green-room, so -oonnastheplay had terminated.Time passed on. Ever were the triumplis of the Spanish setres the theme of universal homage, her's was the shrine before which all men bowed; her peerless gracewas the chains by which she held them willing captives neath her sway. Blinded, dazzled, intoxi cated by the mystery of her charm, they little recked what the future held in store. After the lapse of some months I had be come suelciently intimate with her to gauge her attributes, both mental and characteristic, with judgment, fairly accu rate. Regarding the conclusions I had formed concerning the fair Spaniard, two leading traitsIfound shepossessed,namely, the power to love passionately, and avenge implacably. Soon, alas, was she fated to end her career by these two opposing mental forces. Meteorlike, did her splendid genius illume with glory transcendant the horizon of the sphere theatrical. Brilliantly'did the deadem of lyric renown shimmer with starry radiance on her queenly brow. Evanescent a3 the lightening flash was the brief duration of her triumphal pre-eminence midst the leaner, aspirants for the guerdon of dra matic prestige. The followingis the truly iicserable account of her career's termi nation. One night during the perform ance of Mario Antoinette (this time sie was Ifulfilling an engagement in the French capital), a gentleman (twixt the interval of the entr' acte), sought and obtaired an introduction to tle fair representative of the French Queen of un fortunate memory. The individual ta whom I refer was none other than Lord Strethnurc Leonferris, only son of my Lord Marquis of Ayrtouu. The former personage was remarkable for his exceed ing beauty and extravagance. I might also add that for a man of his rank, he was very poor, but neither of these draw backs proved any hindrance to his favouritism with the fair sex. Lavish of compliment, persuasive of manner, this promising. scion of a noble house ever reckoned many staunch adherents midst tihe feminine portion of his friends, Ielgravian matrons solemnly warned their daughters that his fortune was nil. Since his once splendidthtrimonialinheri tance the Leonferris acres were mortgaged to their utmost value and could in no wise he redeemed unless he gratified the ambi tion of some plebeian millionaire by wedding hir heiress; thereby placing a coronet on lier brow as meet exchange for the fortune with whicht.ho endowed him. That some such schemenwould in course of time be consummated in order to reple-' nish the family coffers, no one conversant with the state of his lordship's finances could doubt. Some three or four months after this episode, i.e., his lordship's intro duction to the Spanish tragedienne, I was prostrated with a violent attack of rhen matic fever. Six months later I was de clared convalescent, and recommended by my physicians to sojourn in Italy or the south of France ' during the forthcoming winter. This, in accordance with their advice, I did. I had ever been longing to indulge in foreign travel, and now gladly availed myself of the opportunity, by carrying out the pro gramme counselled by the doctors. Some -ighteen months had I been a wanderer in many lands, after which I returned to London. At Havre I happened to moot a a friend who was nearly related to Lord Stretlnuro Leenferris. "Good Heavens, Astor Keir," exclaimed I, seeing tle look of dire pertubation portrayed in his usually jocund counten ance. "Whatever is the matter P Why old fellow you look as though you had peen a ghost." S"Oh, Fabian, Falian, have you not heard," was all the explanation he vouch= safed. " Heard what ?" Iasked in consternation "That my cousin Strethhluro Leonferris is dead, poisoned by that accursed Spanish actress Veglia di Castella. But thank goodness, she'll swing for it. Briefly he gave mo a sketch of tile story, as he was obliged to leave me in haste ta catch the train. Next morning I found myself inLon don, the said capital in a perfect furore of excitement, its cause the escape of La Sig nora di Castella from the Old Bailey, where she was .incarcerated on charge of wilful murder. The captive was sought for in every direction, but without avail. Time passed on, and some six years later I, having accumulated a goodly sum, found myself obliged'to abandon my pro fessional career, by reason of develop ing evident symptoms of heart complaint, in consequence of which I bade farewell to stage life, and coming to this favoured clime bought a snug homestead, and settled down in this lovely township, Parramatta. Not long had I been resi dent therein when, overtaken by a tre mendous shower, I found refuge m a cot on my grounds. Imagine my amazement when I had entered it to find that its sole tenant was a woman in the last stage of con sumption, thelone, unfrindedinvalidbeing none other than the once brilliant Veglia di Castella. She recognised me almost before I did her. Oh, how changed, yet strangely beautiful 'she looked even then, with her great starry southern orbs paiffully brilliant neath the ravages of her fell disease. She seemed doubly enhanced by the carmine lovely flush ofthe once rounded, but now, alas! hollow, cheeks. Beholding her thus my heart was filled with sorrow unutterable. When iher excitement had somewhat toned down, the erstwhile famous trage dienne said, in tremulous accents, Mr. Fernholt, I feel thlat my time .on earth is short; numbered, ercliance, by hours. Hear, then, the last, confession of once deeply erring, but now truly repentant, Veglia di Castella. You know, of course, the nature of.the crime I committed some years ago. You of course know that I murdered Strelhnure Leonferris. It is even so, but the deed of blood was not committed without terrible provocation. As you are no doubt aware he became known to me immediately befoir you were stricken with fever. You know whlat he was. How splendid his physique, fascinating his manncer varied his accomplishments, in each and all of which he was consummate master. What boots it to dwell on the iest of the idyll. It was the old, old story, true and life-long love on my part, mad. reckless, and impassioned; but brief idolatry on his. He urged me to wed him privately, this I did, and we lived together for some eighteen months in the province of Artois. One day I happened to go forth on a shopping expedition. While making some purchases I saw on English news paper lying on the merchant's counter at which I was sitting. Glancing over its contents, myl eyes lighted oni a praseraph whuch annouhced the fact that Lord Stethnure Luon ferris was about to marry the only'daughterl and heiress of some preternaturally wealthy tradesman, ironfounder, or 'some thing of the kind. On my return homo I told him, whom till that' hour: I in very surety believed my husband. Coniceive my anguish when I learned that the report was perfectly true, and that mine had been merely mock nuptial ceremonial -the priest who had performed the ritual' not being a clergyman. Maddened by this. discovery, I determined that the life of the man who had acted with such perfidy toward me should pay the forfeiture of his baseness. Affecting to resign myself tol the inevitable, I only begged, as the price of my submission, that he would remain with me as long as pos sible, ere departing to wed his jiance. To this lie agreed. The days wore on, till arrived the hour when he must needs depart. Dinner over, on that memorable eve, he suggested, thereby forestalling me by so doing, that we should each drink a glass of champa"ne, wishing mutual prosperity in the future. With this re quest I hastened to comply; in fact, I had the glasses already filled. Going to the beffet on which they stood, I returned with them to the table, and proffered him the oneintended forhim. Thedeadly potion did its appointed work, and Strothouro teonfcrris fell dead about three minutes after swallowing the fatal draught. But I will not woery you with further details of my crime. If you should think of me in the future, let it be to pray for the erring soul of Voglia di Castella. Those were the last words she over uttered. Closing her eyes she told ,me she felt as thbughsho would sleenp and begged me to stay at her side until she should once more. awake. Ten minutes later I knew that from her slumber she would never be aroused till the morn of resurrection. 