WESLEYAN CONFERENCE, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30. The President took the chair at 10 a.m. The secretary read a telegram from Nymagee,, protesting against the amalgamation of the Cobar and Nymagee circuits. The following committee was nominated and approved of to draw up the resolutions of the conference on Tongan affairs: Revs. J. B. Waterhouse, W. Clarke, Messrs. W. Davies and B. James. THE WORK OF GOD. The Rev. J. W. Brown read a paper he had prepared at the request of the ex- president. The subject he dealt with was their perils, with the hope that out of the notice of danger they might pluck the flower of safety, He did not underrate the power of scepticism, but that was by no means their principal peril. The unbelief of the ago had only served to show how strong and stable were the foundations of their faith. , Their greatest dangers were within themselves. They needed a more restful faith'. The tone of the prayers they often heard suggested the notion that they must hurry up the Almighty. One of the results of the life of hurry that now obtained was that they did not seem to find opportunity for meditation and communion with God. To live for Gell they must live with God. They must have time for self-examination, secret prayer, and spiritual communion. No great work was over done by any , men who lived in the full glare of publicity, and who neglected heart culture. One reason assigned why they could not get people into their churches was that their services were too bare. Their was an unhealthy craving for novelty and for numbers. There had been ministers who had given up the great soul-quickening Gospel themes for the topics of the day, but his solemn conviction was that such concession ment complete failure in their real mission. The cross of Christ was God's remedy for the sins and woes of the world, and he did not believe the ago demanded a Sunday edition of the newspapers, but a bold, earnest, and fresh presentation of the truth as it is in Jesus. There was a clamour in some quarters for more taking, ritual, and a higher class of music. But some of them had been in countries where these things were carried to a high degree of perfection, but they had seen that they had no power to heal moral- lepers or-to save the multitudes drawn to death. Methodism should be flexible, but their power must be in their spirituality, vitalising, informing, and inflaming their simpler services find their plainer song. What they needed was not alteration but inspiration, loss of formality, and more of the power of the Holy Spirit. And then" there was also an unhealthy craving for numbers, hence the demand to relax their discipline, their creeds, and their test of membership. They might add thousands to their membership, but if those so added were unweaned from the world, and sensuous instead of spiritual, then it was brought to pass that " the nutioufisincrcascd, but not the joy." Quality was of infinitely more value than quantity. There was danger, too, in that religious enjoyment was not sought in the path of duty. The ordinary means of grace and modes of Christian work were neglected by many who rushed the special services and mniiifpsted.coiisidcrablo enthusiasm in those services. But he could not but think that it was a dreadful thing for a man to be contented and happy when he did not respect the majesty of Christian duty.' They could not enjoy the benefit of Christ's religion in all its blessedness without, giving up all for it. The wealth and talents of their people were not consecrated to Christ as he demanded that they should be, and they had to suffer the shame of seeing those who amassed great wealth and died without making any provision out of it to relieve 'the wretchedness which abounded in their midst, and to assist those institutions of Christianity which simply languished for the means of material support. Wluil great work and they iittenii'itcd as to church for Christ during the last ten years ? They were all longing for God's great revivals revival which only the Holy Ghost could give them throughout their churches. but they could and must remove the human hindrance to this work, and then they might expect the revival, in answer to their prayers, and in reward of their endeavours. Mr. W. D.ying then read a paper, in which he conTrasted the position of Methodism in New South Wales and Queensland in 1885 with that held by it in 1855. No com- putation, he said, could estimate the amount, of- spiritual, good during those 30 years ¡ but the figures he was about to drive would show that there had been success in every, department, and the progress in all departments had been christ Uriarra, If equal progress had been made in other parts of the world, then Methodism must to-day be one of the greatest known author is in the evangelisation of the world. During the period nursed their churches had increased from 185 to 740, attendants from 15,100 to 3),23½), ministers from 31 to 141, and members from 'Jills to ciJIjX But he thought there might have been more fruit, and he suggested that their ministers should be brought, into closer and more personal relations with their, children, and that every chu each worker should study how to care for and retain their young people. After dwelling upon the fact that the great need of the Church was intelligent and earnest men and women as cluss-leuticrs, he concluded by quoting a writer to the effect that, if over the mighty movement (Methodism) should fail of it.- still greater' practicable insults by the errors of its leader!, it must be in spite of a hundred years of the most demonstrative lessons which have been recorded in the history of, Christianity since the age of its apostolic leaders. . A lengthy discussion followed the reading of these papers, several speakers touched on the topics"loreried te, and throw out other suggestions in regard to the more efficient discharge of their duty as a church. Eventually, the following resolution was adopted, on the motion of Rev. C. STRONG, seconded by Mr. J. M.U'.TI.N, "The statistical returns of our Church having been brought before the conference, and papers having been read by the Rev. J M. Brown and Mr. SF. Barnes, and a lengthened conversation having taken place upon the state of the work of God amongst us, the inference desires. to record its thankfulness to the great Head of the Church for the in crease in church membership reported from all the districts in New South Wales and Queensland; for success granted to us in many departments of Church work, as also for special grace given to our afflicted brethren and people in the South Seas in circumstances of severe trial ; nutt realis- ing that our one need 'to-day, as ever, is that of more vigorous spiritual life in our societies, and of more practical effort in saving the souls of the people around UB, you solemnly resolve to pray for the outpouring of the Holy Ghost amongst us, and to consecrate ourselves afresh to the work of God in these lands. And we further resolved that as early as convenient in the year week shall be set apart for special prayer and special religious services." Thanks were recorded to Rev. J. W. Brown and Mr W, Dircks for their valuable pipers, and it was agreed that the president should request two gentlemen to prepare papers on selected topics for next conference. A short session of the ministerial conference was then held, at which several native assistant ministers were re- . ceived on v probation, and arrangements were made for the ordination of Rev. W. Lucas and H. Worrell, the Sinn move, on Thursday evening next. Mr. Worrall is designated for mission work in Fiji, and will proceed there. forthwith. The conference will resume this (Monday) morning, at 10 o'clock. ________.._1_-. 