BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. The United State9 consumed 1,228,000 tons ot eugar in 1885. A chestnut tree near Mount Etna is 212ft. in circumference. The fourth week in January 99,266 persons received parish relief in London. A new law in New York compels druggists to keep morphine in a red bottle. The life of an iron car wheel is 40,000 miles. A steel tire lasts 200,000 miles. It is proposed to establish a Colonial and Indian Commercial Museum in London. The man who beats Beach "will have to row laster than any other man in the world." The estate of the late John B. Gough is estimated at something less than £17,000. Even as late as 1750 more than one-half of the Germpn people were in a state of serfdom! Sweden imposes a tax on a]] foreign concert singers who attempt to sing within her borders. Arrangements are being made to establish in California a colony of 240 families from Alsace. A Berlin inventor has got up a musical sewing- machine, which turns out tunes as fast as work. The Suez Canal is makiug money in epite of hard times. Its receipts are 175,000 francs per day. The German Government has declined to permit the landing of an American cable on its coast. In the German Empire are forty-five towns with 50,000 people each, and twenty-one with over 100,000. It takes six minutes now to send a cable message from New York to London and to get the answer. " Lily " and " Blanche " are favorite names among the colored children in Southern American schools. The Argentine Republic competing for the world's wool trade, and now bidding lor a big frozen meat business. The Sultan employs two German apothecaries and pays them each 5000 dollars a year, with free board and lodging. The English language is spoken by 100,000,000 people, the French by 45,000,000, and the German by 60,000,000. In Portugal, ballot-boxes for the reception of votes are generally placed in churches between the statues of two saints. It is estimated that the annual cost for the picking alone of the cotton crop of the Southern States of America is £6,000,000. The word "pulpit," like "ferry-boat" and " outlandish women," occurs once in the Bible. It was Ezra who was in the pulpit. Prince Bismarck has been presented with a saloon carriage in which he travels free of expense on every railroad in Germany. The London Standard says the continued seclusion of the Queen from public life must seriously injure both the throne and the people. In the lace of all the disasters that have attended expeditions towards the North Pole, there are indications that another is to be undertaken. Slates which have roofed Carrick Castle ior 300 years are found to be perfectly sound. Yet the Irish quarries whence they were taken are all hut idle. Mr. J. A. Froude is now engaged in supervising a cheap and "popular" edition of "Oceania," which Messra. Longman will shortly announce. Nearly half a million dollars of the assets of the defunct Townsend Savings Bank, of New Haven, Conn., were sold at auction for less than 500dols. For the new census of Germany, which began on let December, no fewer than 51,000,000 blanks were prepared, weighing 340,4921b., and costing over £5000. The evidence has turned out to be so slight against George Dubois, the man arrested in Paris as the suspected murderer of M. BarrGme, that he has been liberated. The list of 52 persons killed at gradecrossings of steam railroads in Philadelphia during the year 1885 presents an old complaint in a new and appalling light. The life of " The British Army in Egypt*' is now described as "all beer and skittles.'' " Two years ago," says the Boston Transcript, " it was all scare and battles," The German Norddeutsche publishes the thankE of Prince Bismarck for the adhesions be has received to his policy of Germanising the Polish provinces of Prussia. The Agent-general has sent word that Mr. A. Strauss, of Frankfort-on* Maine, avers that permanganate of potash and a strong injection of morphia is a certain cure for snakebite. Nearly 200 men engaged at Hawarden Collieries recently received notice to quit. The lessees intend to close the works, ae it is found impossible to work them at a profit. A recent report to the English Royal Society of Arts shows that of the 12,000 deaths which have occurred in coal mines since 1875 only one-fourth have been caused by fire-damp. At Birmingham, Conn., the body of a young woman was disinterred, and all the pins in her hair and shroud removed to quiet her ghost, that had been disturbing the neighbourhood. According to an Alexandria telegram, the Italians are fortifying the isthmus connecting the island of Maseowah with the main laud, so as to provide against any attack by Osman Digna. That "one swallow does not make a summer " seems a natural English aphorism ; but, for all that, it is a thousand years old, and is to be found in thy same shape in Arist«.tlu'rt Ethics. The employes of the Pennsylvania railroad in New Jersey, numbering 40,000 men, are required by the company to join a Relief Insurance Association, which is denounced as a scheme to reduce wages. The Vienna correspondent of the Daily News states that in the armB manufactory at Steyer, the director, Herr Werndl, is having a new rifle of his own invention manufactured, which, although the mechanism is very simple, will fire 40 shots a minute. When the British took over Basutoland in 1869, there was not a trader's shop in the whole territory, but ten years of our rule induced a "foreign" trade valued at actually half a million sterling per annum. A celebrated physician has discovered that the college athletes have lung diseases. This is very awkward. If he studies he gets sick, and if he exercises he goes the same road. Nothing left but to go a-tishing. The Popular Science News asserts that the average length ot life is constantly increasing, ana the time may yet come when persons 100 years old will excite no more curiosity than one ol 80 years at the present time. Anton Rubenstein, within three weeks, gave seven piano recitals in Berlin, and played from memory 185 different compositions by twenty-nine composers. It was probably the most coloesal feat in the history of music. Heretofore ships have been permitted to pass through the Sui z Canal only in daylight; but now warships and steamers provided with electric lights of sufficient power to illuminate the canal 1200 yards ahead may go at night. " If the Queeu would only give an impetus to the gaieties of the season, they would at once become more remunerative to those who cater for the wants of the richer classes than they promise to prove at the present moment." Two or three correspondents wrote to the London Times the day after the recent riot, expressing astonishment that the police did •ot think of the tire plugs, which they describe as the most expeditious mo ^extinguisher known. Phillip Callau, who was defeated by Mr. Pamell's candidate in the recent election in county Louth, has lodged a petition prutestiug against the seating of his opponent, alleging that he was elected by means of coercion and corruption. At Amiens on March 10 an attempt was made to assassinate M. Jules Verne. Two shots were fired at him by a young student, who turned out to be the author's own uepbew, and who had gone down from Paris for the express purpose of killing his uncle. That earthquakes exert a destructive influence on the phylloxera insect of the grape is the opinion of S. Villalongue, who has told the Paris Academy of Sciences of a vineyard near Malaga which has apparently been destroyed by the parasite, but which vigorously burst into leaf after the recent earthquakes in Southern Spain. The World says:—"The new Irish Secretary is not in need of any advice as to the lenient treatment of Ireland, or he might find some significance in tbe fact that the letters of bis name,' John Morley/ together with those of his office, * Secretary for Ireland,' can be rearranged into the sentence, 1 Restore joy in her and mercy for all I'" An estimate of the number and value of the diamonds which have passed through the Eimberley Post Office from 1870 to the end of 1885 shows that the weight in pounds was 16,642, or nearly 7£ tons. The number of carats weight was 28,704,000. Taking the average value at 30s. per carat, there was a total money value of £43,056,000. The House Committee on Labor (says Vanity Fair) have decided to report favorably on what is known as the " Servant Girls Bill," which gives servant girls of the district of Columbia a lieu upon personal and household effects for wages. Evidence laid before the committee shows that there is urgent necessity lor this measure of protectfon to the servant girls of Washington. An investigation might reveal cause ior extending like protection in other large cities. A sbockirg accident occurred at Burry (Eng.). A steeplejack named Robert Williams was ascending a chimney belonging to Smethurst and Sons, bleachers, Woo!fold, and when he had reached tbe top, he suddenly slipped and tell to.the earth, a distance of 43 yards. His body was fearfully mutilated. Williams was advised not to attempt the ascent. Tbe accident was witnessed by tbe man's brother, who was at the top of the chimney. In tbe Salford Police Court a coal heaver named William O'Neale was charged with having attempted to put his daughter into a hot oven. The girl, yho was seven years old, was seized by her father when he was drunk, and her head and the upper part of her body held in the oven. She was so severely burned about the hands that she could not hold the Testament in the witness-box. The prisoner was sentenced to a month's imprisonment with hard labor. Willie Templeton, the Musical Mom us and popular comedian and circus clown, for over a quarter of a century associated with Hengler'a and other equestrian establishments, and well known in the principal towns of Britain, was buried in Liverpool lately, during a blinding snowstorm. Notwithstanding the weather, over 60 personal friends attended the faneral, sone travelling a long distance. Templeton, who was 43 years of age, died from consumption. Here is a chance for young dcctors without practice and still foot-Jree. Physicans and drugnists are badiy wauted in the East Indies, as their number there arc exceedingly scarce and their sick are many. A pbysican receives a guinea for au ordinary visit, and a guinea, and a half, and more, for a consultation. Dentists charge £3 to £5 for filling a single tooth with common paste. Pharmacists who speak the English language receive from £13 to £40 as clerks. According to the Broad Arrow, Professor Bell has been making successful experiments which go far to prove that it will shortly be possible to do without flags, semaphores, and flashing lights at sea, the ships communicatiug with each other by telephone instead. He asserts that the conductivity of water is such that ships 6ailiug two cables apart, if tbey trail behind them a wire of only one cable's length attached to the dynamo, will at once be placed in telephonic communication with their next ahead and astern. This is going the round oi the American papers:—" At a crack New York club rcceutly, the Sir Benjamin Backbite of the occasion was before a group of five or six men chattering like a magpie about the ball of two nights before. ' That Mist So- and-so,' he rattled on, 4 bow she loves to attract attention ! She was awfully decollate, and she wore flesh-coloured stockings—and didn't she contrivc to show 'em 1' * You're a liar 3' quietly but distinctly came from tbe other side of tbe room ; 'Miss — sailed for Europe on Saturday by the , and I saw her off.'" James Keougb, aged 33, a mere skeleton, and possessing hardly strength enough to move any portion of his body, was admitted to Bellevue Hospital, New York. He had been living for two weeks upon water, given to him in small quantities. His stomach would not retain food of any description, and the smallest quantity given would cause violent spasms. He has been tending a lead-grinding machine for two years, and having inhaled the dust, chronic lead-poisoning set in. His skin is the color of lead, and the whites of his eyes are nearly black. Tbe lollowing paragraph is perhaps more suitable for the colum3 ot the Medical Gazette, and its editor, than for our readers; liut here it is:—"The Norddeutsehe Zeilung says that proceedings are about to be instituted against a number of persons styling themselves 1 Dr.* —a much- coveted distinction in Germany—on the strength of diplomas purchased from America in absentia. In Berlin alone there are said to be 3400 of these doctor?, either of medicine, philosophy, or law, whose degrees have been purchased from American universities or other bodies having power to confer The famous clock of Strasburg is put completely into the shade by "the great World Clock, or the 10,000 year time-indicator." It was constructed iu Germany, during many years' labour, by Mr. • Christian Martin, clockmaker. The clock marks the years and leap years, and will run for 100 centuries, when, as the bill frankly admits, its " mechanical works" will have to be changed. The face of the clock is about 10ft. square, and has a large number of dials and little niches where 122 little figures have their abiding place. These latter, as the bill explains, are "to allegorise human life." Commissioner Peck says there are in New York 200,000 women who make their living by sewing, and the majority of whom exist under conditions of the most crushing servitude and incessant toil. These poor creatures are tbe helpless thralls of so-culed "sweaters ;" men who take contracts to furnish large quantities of garments to the wholesale and retail houses, and grind their workwomen down to tbe lowest pittance that will support life. The | " sweaters" have no bowels, and the supply of sewing women is so constant and large that resistance to the starvation wages offered is, in the absence of organisation, out of the question. A new circus has been opened in Paris, in which the effects which have hitherto been peculiar to tbe colossal buildings of Imperial Rome are reproduced on a small scale. The entire arena sinks -at a given signal into the ground, and water issues in to fill up the place where| equestrian feats have just been performed. Instead of horses galloping round there are seen of a sudden a bevy of damsels emerging from the waves, and going through a variety of graceful exercises in the water. The ordinary sawdust is in this bijou circus replaced by a thick carpet, which seems to do equally well for the horses, is perfectly clean, and can be removed in a few minutes to permit tbe flooring to be sunk into the water beneath. The growth of the telephone, says the Boston Transcript, is one of the most remarkable in tbe history of inventions. In August, 1877, the number of instruments in use in this country was only 780, while in February, 1880, there were 60,800, 249,700 in 1883, 307,010 in 1884, and in February, 1885, 325,574. There are about 18,000 in Canada, and 13,000 in Great Britain. The number of the exchanges has crown from 100 in 1880 to 782 in 1885. In January last there was 137,223 miles of telephone wire in this country. There are 5186 persons furnished employment by tbe exchanges. More different patents have been issutd on the telephone than in any other single line of invention in this country. The total number for the 10 years is 1521, Numerous instances are on record of the large income that may be made by a professional beggar. Another case is reported by a Paris newspaper correspondent. A woman of about 75, who has been in the habit of begging in tbe streets of the capital for 40 years past, appear*, according to a statement in tbe Debate, to possess a fortune estimated at 500,000 franc?. She lived at tbe suburb of Levallois Perref, whence she came to Paris every day to exercise her vocation. The property consists ot 30 houses, railway shares in different companies, and obligations of the City of Paris. Tbe discovery was made by one of her habitual benefactors, who is stated to have engaged not to prosecute her an condition that she will henceforth abaudon her professiou and give 1000 francs to the poor. The death is announced of Count Emeris Sominisch, a Hungarian magnate, who was known, a Vienna correspondent says, in 6cciety for his extraordinary hatred of horses. This aversion amounted to a real hippophobia, and it obliged tbe count many years ago to throw up his commission in the army. The count died at an advanced stage on his estate in Sclavonia. He was a distinguished agriculturist, an excellent landlord, and on all subjects but that ot horses, asses, aud mules, a man of sound judgment. He would not allow any animal of tbe equine kind to come upon his lands, so that visitors who rode or drove to see him had always to alight at bis park gates. He himself for many years used a vehicle drawn by trained deer, but latterly he went about bis estate in a carriage with a team of osen.^ His horror of horses U said to have been innate, as there was no accident in his life to account for it. The North American Review ior March contains a very interesting article from the pen of Thomas Edisou, the inventor. It deals with the subject of telegraphing from railway cars while in motion, a patent for which was taken out by two American scientists in 1861. SiDce that time they have been working with Mr. Edison, who status that by the proper employment of the induction coif he can make a current of electricity leap through the air to a distance ot 580!t. This principle of "air telegraphy," Mr. Edison tbiuke, may ultimately be applied to ships at sea, where it will be of infinite value in times of disaster. He expects that the principle will be developed in the future to such an extent that merchants will be able to alter the destination of their vessels on the high seas as the state of the market may require. One of the most interesting statements in the whole paper is that the great inventor believes that he is on the track a of a new physical force distinct from electricity, traces of which he avers have frequently presented themselves during the course of bis experiments. He states that he has devised a test which he expects will determine the nature of this new influence. The whole article is well worthy of attention. In a businesslike and unsensational way (observes St. James's Gazette) no society does more permanent good than the Royal Society for the Assistance of Discharged Prisoners (32, Charing Cross), the report of which for last year has just been is3ued. From this it will be seen that the society during that period assisted 399 discharged convicts, of whom 362 were men and 37 women. Those especially who are most in favor of severe sentences should be the first to aid in the work of this society; because the more severe the punishment, the more reasonable it is that a discharged convict should be put in the war of earning an honest livelihood for the future and be prevented from becoming an habitual criminal. It should be borne in mind that convicts leave prison with a small gratuity ; and after a man has been cut off from the world for 10 years or more it is very likely that without advice and assistance he will not be able to make any real use of this money. One feature of the report is noticable—namely, that the society does not appear to receive pecuniary support from the numerous members of the bar whose business lies mainly or chiefly in the criminal courts. Of all persons iu the world they should be the readiest to help on the useful work of the society. "To draw a salary," says the London Echo, " of five or six thousand a year as a colonial Governor, and do the work by deputy whilst you make prolonged tours abroad and spend the season in London, is no doubt very agreeable, and evidently finds favor with Governor Sir George Bowen. The last appointment held by this self-indulgent satrap was the governorship of Mauritius; but when everyone imagined that be was immersed in his duties at the scene of poor Theodore Hook's 'pain in the chest,' Sir George turned up on the pavements of Pall Mall, and only looked in at tbe seat of bis governorship when convenient. About 15 months sgo he was appointed to Hongkong, but was soon off on what is reported the rather infelicitous investigation of Li Hung Chang ; and now his inquiring mind takes him on a similar tour of inspection to Calcutta, though we have no sort of reason to believe that Lord Dufferin wants him, and it is pleaded that he needs a holiday after 26 years of governorship—that is, he is to be considered entitled to exceptional leisure because he has been in clover and doing Dext to nothing on a salary of from £4000 to £10,000 a year all these years. Sir George is now entitled to a first-class pension, and he should either retire or 6tick to his post. It is understood that he possesses peculiar interest amongst the permanent placeholders at tbe Colonial Officp, or he would never he permitted to disport himself after this fashion," 