A SPANISH JtOYAL WEDDING. Tho marriage coromonial of royalties is (naysan American paper) always interesting, and tho marriage of tho Infant«. l)ona Euhil'io of Spam to hor cousin, tho Infante Doit Antonio, son of tlio Duko of MonlpouBiur, at tho Chapel ltoyid in Madrid, giyoB actuality to tlio text of tho murriugo oflleo used on tho occasion. Tho (tint iiuasliou wns uddrossod lo - the. bride : "Your Highness Dona Mario Bululio Finngoiso of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain-your Highness in awaro that you aro hero to bo united und married lo hld Highnoss tlio''Infante Don Antonio Louis Philippe Mari» ot Orleans and Bourbon, concerning which murringo lu's Holiness hus removed tho objections raised on account of paroutngo of different dogroo of consanguinity and othor causes. It romains now for your Highnoss to say whether you know of any other roason for which this murriugo con- tract should not bo ontorod upon-that is to say, whether thero exists botwoou your Highness aud the suit! Infante Don Antonio Lom's Philippe Mûrie of Orleans any other rolatioimhip ; whothor you havo given your wold to any oilier man ; whether you havo miulo VOWB of chastity or religious pledgos ; or whether you know of any natural obstado which might opposo tho validity of this marriago; finally, whether you contract th« marriage of your own troa I will and dosiroí Your HighnoBs will doohire this on your faith «ltd your royal word." Cardinal C'oforino Gonzalo/, I Archbishop of Scvillo, who porfurmcd tho ceremony, ac j companied, by his olorgy, guvo thou tho bishop's crook into tho hands of tho attendant priest, mid said: " Your High- noss Dona Mario Bttlalio Prauyoiso of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain-1 request your Highness, and ulso you, your Highness Don Antonio Louis Philippe Mano of Orleans and Bourbon, to tell mo whother you know of any obstado why this marriago should not ho oontractcd, or why it could not bo valid or legitímalo-that is to say, you aro to muka manifest whotJieryou know of any other obmjicles besides those whioh his Holiness has removed ; 1 moko this uamo request to you who aro hero present. For tho second und third timo I requost you that if you know of such obstuclo, you uro to makoitknowiioponly." Addressingliimsolf ugaiuto tliobrido, tlio Archbishop continued : " Your Highnoss Dona Mario Eulalia Frauuoiso of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, will you take for your legitimate husband, as it is ooinmandoaby tho Holy Kornau Catholic and Apostolio Church, his Highness tho Infante Don Antonio LOUÍH Philippo Mario of Orleans and Bourbon 1"' lluforo inplying, her lloyul Highness kissed tho hands ol. her parents, and on tho qnostion hoing repented, ulm answorod, " Yes, I will." Then tho Archbishop proceodod: "Doos your Highness give youvmslf ns wifo to his Highness Hie Infuuto Don Antonio Louis Philippo Mario of Orleans and Bourbunr"' To which tho brido answered: " Yes, I give inyaolf." Tho Archbishop cou tinuod: "Does your Highness rocoivo tho said Infinito Don Antonio Louis Philippe Mario of Orleans us your husband f" "YOB, 1 rocoivo him," answers Dona Bululio. Tho sumo, questions wore then put to Don Antonio, who replied in tlio sanio way. Aller this tho brido and bridegroom joined their right hands, and tho patriarch, having tjilTcn his crook, said: "And in tho name of tho Almighty, and tho blessed Apostles Pétrir and Paul, und tho Holy Mothor Church, 1 marry your Itoynl Highness Sonora Dona Mario Bululio, Seo., to your lloyul Highness Sonor Don Antonio, &c.; ; ana this bond ot murringo 1 con I firm in tho nimio of tho Fulhor, Ibo Son, and tho Holy Ghost. Amen !" Tho Archbishop, with crook und mitro, aecompnniod hy bia clergy, ono of whom hold tho cross, nuothoi' tho aspergillus, und a third tho plato on which woro arranged tho Ll COÍUH which every Spanish woman reçoives on tilín occasion, together with her wedding ring, commenced tho benediction of tho coins. Ho then blessed tho wedding rings, putting ono oil tho llngor of Dan Antonio, to whom ho aleo gave tho other, to bo given lo tho brido, Tho Archbishop then throw Homo coins to tho bridegroom, who threw thom to tho brido, by whom they wore put back into tho plato. Af tor this, their High- nesses joined their right bauds, followed tho Caldina! to tho armchairs prepared for thom on tho ullur stair, whore (hoy knelt down to hear tho wedding mass, which was thus terminated:-" Now your Higlmossos havo received tho blessings according to tho customs of tho Church, tho ndvico 1 givo you is to koop faithful to ouch other ; lo he chaste at tho time of prayer, and oven moro chaule during fasts and BU'UIIB' days. Muy your HighnoBSOS love ouch othor os huaband and w'ifu, and may you livo in thu four of God." Tho Cardinal than guvo tho bride to tho bridegroom, saying, " 1 give hor to you for a companion, mid not for a servant ; may your Highness lovo hor ns Christ loves His Church." Tho benediction closed tho corciuoiiy. 