THE STORY-TELLER. BURIED ALIVE. [Br One of the Crowd.] (From the 1/mdon Daily Telegraph.] uu ordinary occasions tnere would pro bably have been more than a dozen—a score, perhaps—of lodgers in the casnal ward, but this was a special occasion. Half a century before there nad died in that parish a wealthy and eccentric inhabitant who had willed that on the anniversary of his birthday all those who were at the time in the workhonso, with certain exceptions, should be regaled with plum pudding and roast beef. It was the morning of the festival, and besides the wardsman there were but three in the ward; two of them miserable, poor wretches enough, tattered and hungry-looking, and probably what they professed to";be—men who, though wilting, could get no kind of work to do, and were utterly destitute and friendless. But the third man was of a different sort—asturdy rascal of the lazy ruffian type, past middle age. with a short crop of iron-grey hair, ball-necked, broad-shouldered, and with a faee tanned to the colour of rust with wind and weather. It was nearing dinner- time, a fact that was nnmistakably made known, not by any visible clock or timepiece, but by the organs of smell of each of the casual trio. If it was not accidental, it was the refinement of cruelty to plant the workhouse kitchen so very near the apartment where the poorest of the pauper class are sheltered. The paupers proper were, as nsual, to dine off baked beef and plum pudding, and a rich fragrance arose from the hissing ovens and the bubbling coppers. The pair of half starved out o' workers Bniffed it, and licked their pale lips, and remarked doubtfully that they wondered if it would be their luck to come in for anything more substantial than a smell. Bnt the sturdy rascal before men tioned was able to set their minds easy on that point. They were sure to get a good dinner, he said, because the workhouse authorities were compelled by law to give effect to the be quest of the founder of the feast. " Not that they give it willingly," remarked the ablebodied vagabond, with a sneer, "the guardians one and all are a set of close-fisted varmint, and would do any poor tramp ont of a meal of wittles if they could. But they can't help themselves in this ere affair d'ye see, A nact of Parliament, or snmmat says that they must have it, therefore they get it. If I'm wrong let the wardsman here put me right. What do you say, old cock 2" To which the " old cock," who was not of the flaunting barnyard breed bnt a bird of grey plumage, which was the livery of the " house"—(it was to him that £ was indebted tor tne very extraordinary story nereatter told) — replied cautiously that it was no bnsiness of his, and that at all events what ever the casuals' dinner consisted of, it being now close on 12 o'clook, they wouldn't be kept waiting much longer for it, "You see he doesn't deny it," said the experienced tramp to the other two, and he then pro ceeded to enlighten them as to what, accord ing to law, tney were entitled to as their "whack" for the forthcoming meal. They would, he said, each have 7 oz. of meat with out bone, 1 lb. of potatoes, and 12 oz. of plum pudding, and in addition, half a pint of beer, and p'rap's a pint, and even while he was thus unnecessarily whetting their already razor- keen appetites, the door was pushed open, and in came a man with three dinners —a 10-oz. loaf and 3 oz, of cheese for each ! The bully "casual" was, for the moment, speechless with indignation, but recovering the use of his tongue, he demanded, " D'ye mean to say that this is all we shall get?" " No," replied the porter, " There's summat more." And fetching from outside the door a pitcher of water, he set it down with a gun, and the jocose remark that he hoped that it wouldn't get into their heads, and took his departure. " That's all that's for you this time," said the porter; "it's at the master's discretion whether the casuals join in the feed, and this year he leaves 'em out." Mv informant, the wardsman, declared to me that nothing should induce him to repeat the many frightful oaths the tramp gave utterance to; but he gave me an idea of the number by stating that, if he were paid a pound apiece for repeating them, he should be able to clear out of the workhouBe and retire in easy circumstances for as long as he was likely to live. The other two poor fellows were bitterly disappointed, and de voured their unpalatable rations in silent sadness; but the bully tramp was swearing the whole time, and expressing savage regrets that he had not qualified for a short term in "quod," rather than have trusted to such a mangy lot as work house officials notoriously were, and who did not scruple, when they saw they could take advantage of a poor helpless beggar such as he was to set the law at defiance, and rob him of bis rights. On this the wardsman remarked that there was perhaps some—he mentioned no names, nor had he any wiBh to offer caps for the wearing of people they did not fit—who often had set the law at defiance, and who nevertheless had not got their rights, their deservings at any rate. In spite of his discontent, the bully tramp was not long in champing up his bread ana oheese— indeed, he was swallowing the last morsel of it while the wardsman was making the un kind remark above quoted. " If you are aiming at me, old chap, you can fire away as long as you like," ne ob served, with a savage grin. " You are right, and I'm proud to brag of it. I have set the bnBted law at defiance and not got my de servings, come now! I've set the thundering law at defiance, and done robbery what's never besn found out; there, then! I've donewns than that. I've done that what would make your hair stand upright to hear tell of, though whether I've ever had my deservings for it, mums the word; who is to prove it ? Now, you are a moral old bloke," continued the ruffian, suddenly turning on the aged wardsman, with his great hands ex tended before him. His attitude was so threatening that the former retreated to a corner, feebly making a show of defending him with the fire-shovel. "You are one of them what's so mighty good that you can chuck the law at a man like me. Look at them hands. What's the matter with'em?" The wardsman masteredspiritenoughto retort that they wanted washing; that was all that was the matter with them, as far as he could see. " There's nothing more amiss with 'em than aha'porth of soap will fetch off, eh?" re turned the other, recklessly. "You don't see no blood on em!" "Lord forbid," re plied the workhouse wardsman. "You don't see any traces on 'em of their ever having helped to bury a man alive? And yet it's as true as that I've been swindled out of my lawful dinner that they've had a finger—these 'ere hands of mine have, I mean doubt," he continued, turning to the two harmless " ont o' works." " All right. Let it pass as a lie. I don't care. I tell you what, though," he suddenly resumed," I'll tell yon all about it, lies or truth. We've bad a rattling good dinner; now we'll have a tale arterwarda, like what they tell in the story books." "I was a-ooming across a wood, 'twixt Croydon and Kingston," he continued, launching Jinto his fnarrative without further preliminary, " and I found a dead man on the ground—leastways, he looked like dead, fie was lying with his face among the dead leaves, and there was a crack on his head that let out a lot of his blood, all round about where his head lay being stained with it. It was middle of winter time, and I was hard up. I never remember to have been harder up. So I says to myself, 'What'll I do in this 'ere case? Shall I leave it just as it's lyin', and go and tell the police? No,' I answers to myself, 'I wont, 'cos that wonld be acting like a fool. You don't look much like a gentleman wots been taking a walk in the woods for the good of your 'elth, and they might suspect you of having a hand in it P'raps it would pay better to see what's in the pockets, and let somebody else find the body what wants it.' So I turned him over and see at a look that it wasn't worth while after all. It was getting a bit dusk, but when he was turned over I found that the body was that of a shabby ohap with a greasy old weskit on, which was all tore open as though he'd been having a struggle, and a dirty shirt that looked as though somebody had grabbed out a handful of it at the bosom part. There was one thing, though. Laying under him was a gentleman's walking-stick—a thick one, with a silver top to it—and it was broke nearly in two, only hanging together by the splinters, and it was plain to see that was the weapon what the blow had been struck with, That there stick turned the balance in my mind. ' That'll show that I didn't do it,' I sea to myself, 'and since, as is plain with arf a eye, that his pockets ain't worth roverhauling, I think I'll go for the police after all." But it wasn't a dead body. While I had my hand in his weskit-pocket, thinking that p'raps he might have a chaw of 'bacca there, what would serve to collect my thoughts on my way to the police-station, he opens his eyes and makes a grip on my neckhankyBher, and holds on to it, cussing me in hiB weak voice all the time, But, soon as I spoke, he found I wasn't the one he took me (for, and begged me to get him a drink of water, which I did in my cap from a ditch what waB close by, and that re wived him. I haint a going to tell you who he was, or what his name was. If what I'm telling yon is all a lie, it won't make no difference whether I mention names or not, and if I'm. telling the truth its best for me the names are left out. I'll call him Seller, —him, that's a good name for him, for he eold me. So Seller, feeling I was friendly, told me all about it. What the row between him and the other chap had been ahont, I mean. You needn't be told the history of it. It was summat about Seller's daughter, who had gone astray, and Seller thought that the other, who was a man of money, and lived in a swellish house, had something to do with it, and like the mean hound be afterwards showed himself towards me, he had been putting the screw on the gent—it don't matter what I call him— Gudgeon will do, for I'm bleBt if he wouldn't swallow anything. So he tells me the story, swearing and cursing between bits of it, and wanting to be revenged on what's-his-name— Gudgeon, for the crack on the head he had given him. ' He meant to murder me,' says he, 'and,'pon mysonl, for all the good my miserable life is to me, and on the chance of his being hung for it, I half wish he had.' Then all on a sudden like; as if it was only a joke, the scheme popped into my head. "* I wonder now, I said, what the chap Mr. Gudgeon, I mean, would have done if he had finished you ? Or whether he has the idea that he has done it, and if so, what he's thinking about it, and if he's funking much?' 'Matey,'Isays to him—to Seller 1 mean— ' I can see a way to a better kind of revenge than waiting on him unawares and giving him a harder topper from behind than he gave you—a revenge wbatH put money in your pocket and give him a life of torment at the same time. He might have killed you. Very good. Let it stand as done.' 'You're talking like a fool," Seller says, 'how can any such thing stand as done ?' ' By you're shamming dead,' I says. ' Lay where you are now laying, 'cept that I'll pile a lot of leaves over you to keep some (of the cold away, and you tell me where he lives and I'll go to him and acquaint him as how I found the mur dered body'—and then it struck me that there'd be a difficulty in my showing in a straightfor'ard way how 1 came to know where to find him — to find this Mr. Gudgeon, I mean. But that was got over easy enough. Seller, who bit at the plan, asked me to feel in one of his pockets—he was too weak yet awhile to do anything for him self—and find a letter that was there, * That'B what he wrote to me, making the appoint ment to meet me here,' he says, 'and his address is on it. You needn't say you got " slier," it the letter out of my pocket,' says Sell might have fell out m the struggle, and you found it on the ground.' The way was paved, then, so far. But that was only part of my Elan. ' Being dead,' I says to Seller, ' you'll ave to be buried. Do you think you could Btand laying in a hole for just a few minutes, with a couple oi feet of earth put light atop of yon?' He didn't like that wbeu it was first mentioned, but he agreed when I pointed out to him how nice ana complete it would make the whole swindle, and so off I goes with the letter, and the broken walking stick as well. "I found the bouse easy enough, and 'course tbe slavey what opened the door was good for shutting it again Defore 1 could open my mouth, but I put my foot atween, and told her that all I wanted was for her to go and aBk the gentleman if he'd like to have back the walkingstick he'd lost. She ehut the door and put the chain up while she took the message, but it was precious soon opened again by Mr. Gudgeon himself, white as the ar'stone step be was standing on. 'What about my stick,' he says in a shaky voice; 'where did you find it?' 'Same place aB where I found the body of the man,' I says. ' 1 know nothing about any man,' ne says, playing the only card he held, ' and if I've lost a stick it has been stole out of the 'all,' he says. ' If so,' I says,' the same man what stole the stick out of the 'all must have stole thie 'ere letter at the same time and posted it to the chap who it's addressed to. It was laying open on the ground,' I says,' beside the dead oody, so I took the liberty of reading it, and that's how I came to know where you lived.' ' Good Lord!' he says, ' did you Bay dead body?' And then he says,'Stop half a minute. Walk to the end of the lane, and 111 put my hat and coat on and come to you, and pray, pray don't breathe a word of what yon know to anybody.' ' I should have gone to the police straight,' I Bays,' if I had been one of the splitting sort.' So he come after me np the lane—it was quite dark by that time, and he began telling me all about it— what a wicked sponging wagabone Seller was, and how he didn't care what come of hie daughter, body or soul, so that he made a little money, and he told me how that the letter he had sent to Seller was to meet him, and tell him that he wouldn't stand being blackmailed any longer, and that that led to high words, and ' in my exasperation,' says Mr. Gudgeon, ' I gave him what seems to have proved a death-blow.' He couldn't be deader.' I says, 'than he is if he had been laying there for a week, which brings ns to the pint, what's to be done ? I'm a poor man, I says, but I got a 'art to feel for another, and if you'll come down ansum I'll help you, if so be yon want any help.' _' Help to do what ?' he says. ' To keep this little affair dark,' I says, ' and that can be done easily enough by digging a hole and burying the body just where it is lying/ He caught hold of my hand when I said that. ' 111 give you ten pounds in sovereigns,, he says, 'if you'll do it,' 'Done,' I says, 'but not by myself. I won't do it. I'm upright anddownstraight, I am,1 I sayB. 'Idon't want you to lend a hand. Ton give me the money to buy a spade, and come along with me to the wood and see it buried—you've no call to touch it if you don't like to—and then I'll take your ten pound and go my way, and nobody will be any wiser.' He wouldn't come with me at first, but, finding I'd have no other, he consented. Well, we did the job—leastways, I did, I went and bought a spade in the town, and he went one way and I went another, and we met in the wood where_ the ' body' was, ind he stood by, shivering and shaking, while, all in the dark,. I dngsummat of a hole and pat Seller into it, and put the earth on him, and some leaves atop of that. There warn't no fear that we should wait longeuough there for Seller to be smothered. He—Mr. Gudgeon, I mean was off at a run almost before I'd put on the last shovelful, and I was after him, and you may wager we hadn't got far before Seller was ont of his grave. A quarter of a hour afterwards I was with him again, with a drop of rum in a bottle to warm him, and with the ten sovereigns in my pocket, and we were off. He washed the blood off his head at a horse trough on the road, and we got drunk over oar stroke of lack before we put up for the night seven miles from where we started. Next day we laid our plans. Seller was to be off a long way into the country, and I was to work Mr. Gudgeon, and punksbally send him half of all the money 1 was able to sweat out of him. "ana l were tuat bonerrahie that 1 Kept my word. I did Bweat him. There warnt a week that I didn't have a turn at him, making out that my conscience was in such a bad state, owing to the orful secret that was weighing on it, that J couldn't do no kind of work, and required a deal of stimulant to keep me up. If he kicked, which he didn't often, I had only to say that I was sick of the secret, and of being haunted night after night by the murdered man, and he'd out with the pieces I'd come for without another word. I reckon you might fairly put it down that I Bweated a matter of four pound a week out of him for a matter of two years, out of which Seller got his share tili he turned nasty, and said I was cheating him. Arter which I didn't send him anything, and dared him to open his mouth, at the same time pinting ont that if he did so it would probably be ten years for each of us. So he kep quiet, and I didn't hear any more of him for full four months, when, blarm his eyes !' he turned up in a rum way and bust the whole thing. He conldn't get no work, and at last he went on tramp to seek it, and found a job at the chalk works at Grays, down in Eent, and, as bad luck would have it. the chap what I call Gudgeon he has friends he was staying with at Rainham,. which haint a great way from Grays. Well, one evening Gudgeon is coming along all alone on the country road, and he meets with a gbost. Seller's ghost 1 Ha ! ha! I'd ha' give a shilling to have been there. Seller all white from Hie work, and sitting on a gate resting on his way home to his lodgings, and Gndgeon, turning the corner coming slap ou him! Gudgeon fie shriekscut and falls down on his face in a fit or snmmat, and Seller not reckonisiDg him or aware that he is the cause of it, goes to help him, and has him sitting up, with his head on his knee, when Gudgeon opens his eyes, and they reckonise one another—for all the world like a bit of play acting. It was a bad bit for me, though, for Seller, the cur, he gives in and tells all about it, and there's a warrant out for my appre hension. Was I apprehended? P'raps so, p'raps not. P'raps it's all lies what I've been telling you; p'raps its as true as that here we four are at this present moment in this man-starring crib called a 'casual ward.'" -» And, as the wardsman informed me, thus abruptly a3 be had commenced it, the bully tramp so brought bis strange story to a close. 