POINTS. 'AasaUMaam.— Those false alarms of fixe. ' Pienty of Fun.— At HiBOOok'a Minstrels last night. ' ? Gbtiino Mixed.— That Cleveland railway tout© ogitation. Appbopbiate. — Loako made several eyes jlrater at the theatre last night. Oui. — Tho progrummo foe the Union -Athletio Olub sports next month. Gbeeoe.— Looks ob i( she will have to he 'panned up again beforo she melts. Nor ItKn a Prs Ceott.— Tho promifle of 'the Colonial Troasuror to the Card well people. IitNQ to db Bbhehbebkd. — The welcome .?given yesterday to Me. H. A. Long, of Glas gow. iNOONVEiiiBim.— No' Spring Hill or Gregory 'terrace 'boa at the theatre laBt night. How's UJsf Which is BianT ?— - Draft or Draught Club :3n our contemporary's report^ of the formation ?of the olub. He's Got No Wouk to Do. — Dr. Ahearno 'will take no further aotion until he reoeives 'jjjhe Separation petition. IONOnANT. — Some donkeys in the pit last ? tight at the theatre. They ooulda't Bee when to laugh and when to weep. TTth Dimqekob. — Oar old friend Heaton is 'keeping oount of the number of oooasions on Which the Kentish Gazette uses his name. Pamsh-vfstby Likb.— Hartington going to «move that Gladstone's Irish soheme be. rejected. Why not vote against it? That would snffioe. Polite. — The thoatrioals out of work who Stood at the book of the droea oirole last night ?and tried to run down the play. They didn't Buooeed. An AmsTOOEATia Aoiob. — Mr. Maitland, of ihe Hoyal Grenfell Dramatic Co. is the Hon. TWortley Montague, son of Lord Robert Mon 'tagae, nephew of the Duko of ManoheBter. II Oakoht. — George Leitch -was rather Bat on .»f. O\r thnntto l.at nieht. when a couple of young ladies alluded to him as the Bmau man who tried to sing 'The good young man who ?-Uea.' , Rathee Qtjebb. — An agent advertising a particular kind of brace, aayB that the demand & now so great that the individual customer ?anywhere will have no difficulty in supplying 'ftimanif with a pair. ?? . ' 'Wbathfoi, Typos. — Some of tho compi ob ject to their meetinga being made a hash of and iincorreotly noticed. ' They did not advocate the co-operative bakery scheme ; they did not re ? ?ceive report from the delegates of the Trade* Counoil ; and they did not disouss the northern ilranoh scheme. ?Ha is Quitb Gbay Now.— The European ? Mail says : ' Mr. E. Gray, the Under secretary, is one of the notable Queenslanders just arrived among us under the pleasant con ditions of a year's leave of absenoe. Mr. Gray came via the Cape of Good Hope, and is, I am pleased to report, looking remarkably ?pell.' Those 'Speciais.' — A special telegram came through last night saying that the first ?Steamer of the North German Lloyd's Com .pany will leave Bremen for Australia on July 14\. The European Mail fcr March 26 contains ?the entire programme of the above company, including the item in this morning's tpeoial. This is rather fast work. Eh ? Steady. — A oontemporaryannounoes that tho third of the PousBard-Valmeuoy concerts was held last night, and adds 'these concerts have now become bo established in publio favour that,' &o.; A countryman having read two ?chapters in the New Testament in announcing that fact to a neighbour, eaid: 'Jack; I fMr^ I shall soon be a missionary.' Ptmraa rr to Pboof.— Two Bermondsey ?curates have been doing day work in a stone yard just to see how hard it waa A wioked says : — ' All guardians should go through the labour test, all lunaoy commissioners through the padded room, andall judges through a term ? of hard labour — just as all head masters should he required to know the properties of their ?canes, and all parsons those of their sermons.' What does Mr: Pinnook say to that? Some Thed'ty Foik. — In England the number of nccounts in the Post Office Savings Banks at the end of last year waa 2,963,070, representing a sum of £40,191,118 ; in Wales, 115,290 accounts, representing £1,352,157 ; in .Scotland, 122,573 accounts, representing £903,439 ; in Ireland, 124,973 accounts, re presenting £2,224,346 ; and in the Channel Islands and the Mo of Man, 7,769 accounts, :representing £102,711. Tho total for the United Kingdom was 3,333,676 accounts, of the value of £44,773,773. Fimch. Obliging. — ' 'You're not skating, Miss Light :foot?' 'No, I forgot to bring my skates.' ?' Oh ; really ? Let me lend you mine?' (Ob liging party wears ll's in boots.) The InEEPBESsiDLE.— Street toy (to oabby, in a Hook) : ' Look 'ere, are youagoin' on wi' this four-wheeler? 'E else me and my . Jtiend'H get down and walk ! ' (Friend stowed ?away on the back fittings of the vehiole.) How? — 'ThoPiince of Wales was present in the Honse of Commons laBt night to hear Lord Charles Beresford's Bpeeoh on the navy. 'The Prince ocoupied a seat over the olook.' Wanted to know if h9 sat astride of the eaid ?clock, or had a stool on the top of it. .Ththgb Okb 'Wo'DtD Bathee Have IjbotUn rSATD.— (Aunt to niece) : ' I'm afraid we than't keep this compartment to ourselves any longer, Janet.' (Affeotionate niece) : 'Oh, it's all right, aunt darling. If you put your head out of tho window I dare say nobody will .come in.' Faithlessness of the Danotno Man. — Hos- tess : 'You're not dancing, Miss Plumpington. ; Shall I got yon a partner P' Miss Plumping ton (who turns tho soale at about 200 lbs.) : 'Oh, I always get plenty of partners ; but I'm rather near-sighted, you know, and Bome ;how I can never manage to find them. Co-ophuatinq. — Extremely oivil servant (to Mr; Jchi« Bull) : ' What can I snpply you With to-day, sir ? Little Local Government— ?very fine Westphalia hams— nice. The Land Revenue Accounts— at oighteenpence a pound ; .-a few confidential despatches — or would you like to try our thirteen and sixpenny ? trousering? John Bull (taken abaok): 'Here, I say, you can't attend properly to all these ?things at once.' Extremely oivil servant ,G»olitely): 'No; but I do.' A Beati Ghost this Tnra.— A Sootoh paper, .speaking of a wedding, says : 'The bride groom was a worthy septuagenarian, and the bride a buxom widow fully 30 years his junior. 'The bridegroom had been deprived only aovea months ago of the partnor for noarly half a .oentury o! his joys and Borrows, who had left ?him i ,with a considerable number of 'dry notes.' The neighbours took unusual interest in the wedding, and two constables attended to preserve order. Tho clergyman having been admitted, the outer door of the building ? was -looked to prevent intrusion. Tho only ^wedding guests other than the rev. gentleman ?were three or four females. During the pro ceedings there appeared all of a sudden -a lady, in white' gliding into the room. She ..offered to shake hands with some of the women, ?who screamed fiercely, and then she said, ? I'm M ? G ? , come for my siller. Willie iS ? (meaning her gravo digger) has let mo cot for a short timo, an' if I dinna get it tho ?;noo I'll be back. Quid nioht !' On which tho ghost quietly withdrew.1 ' 