THE MYSTERIOUS TENANT, CHAPTER XII. DRIVEN AWAT. . r,e tenant did not appear in the breakfast-room on Christmas morning. His man brought a message of apology to the baronet—a vague message, alleging no particular reason for his master's absence; but the languid chieftain of Scarsdale allowed perfect liberty to his guests, and was not given to be curious as to their motives for doing this or that. The sparkling widow was not quite so brilliant as usual this morning. A delicate pallor, just a little chalky in a strong east light, bad superseded the rich bloom which was wont to glow upon her plump cheeks. The brightness of her eyes was a trifle feverish, and the red lips had a dry look, and quivered nervously every now and then. Sir Jasper, looking at her as he might have looked at one of his pictures whose colour showed symptoms of decay, could not refrain from a languid speculation re- garding his guest's altered looks. "Those abominable carol-singers kept you awake half the night, I dare say," he murmured compassionately. " Imagine the utter idiotcy of half-a-dozen clodhoppers who howl,' God bless you, merry gentlemen, let nothing you dismay,' when their own hideous minstrelsy is horrible enough to break the rest of the Seven Sleepers, and dismay the uncultivated ears of an Ojibbeway Indian. You look as if you had been haunted all night by the memory of of their howling." Mrs. Harding smiled a very wan smile! " You are quite right, Sir Jasper," she said, " as to my sleeplessness, but wrong as regards the cause of it. I would have forgiven the carol-singers; indeed I love to-near those dear old verses sung under the windows of such a house as this; I am carried back to the days of the cavaliers, by the ^ound of that quaint invocation, and almost expect to awake in one of Mr. Horeley's interiors. No, I would have forgiven the villagers on the terrace for being a little undecided as to what key they should sing in, and should have gone to sleep to dream about some phantom lady in a brocaded sacque, I dare say, it it had not been for a very sovere attack of my old enemy tic, which kept me tossing about in agony all the night ; and I deally feel so miserably languid and drowsy this morning, that I must excuse myself from attending you darling' little village church, whose steeple I saw . from my window peeping out 'of the break in the leafless woodland, 5'ust like 6ome delicious 'bit' by Mr. Creswick. So, vuh your permission, dear Marcia, I sball read the Christmas service in own roomj or iu one of your easy.chairs by the drawingroom fire." ' The B"jrone( an(J daughter were politelv concerned about their guest's neu- Valgic affection. " I hope the woman is not going- to inflict her illness upon us," thought Sir Jasper, after murmuring something that was indistinctly compassionate and befitting the occasion; "a lively widow is one thing, but a neuralgic widow is another. There's a want of tone about her left cheek this morning and the right eyebrow is decidedly out, of drawing. Her toilet has been by no means conscientious, and I hold myself aggrieved by her careless manipulation. If she wants to make as long a visit as her trunks and bandboxes predicate, she must suppress her neuralgic symptoms and improve her flesh-tints. I haven't anything on my walls so crude or cold as my visitor's face this morning." " If yoa were to take a little chlorodyne," murmured Marcia. " With a warm glaze over the left cheek," muttered Sir Jasper, absently. " I will try anything you recommend me, dearest Marcia," answered the widow; " for really I suffered very terribly last night. However, I feel a little better this morning ; and I dare say after a few hours' complete repose, I shall be quite myself, and thoroughly able to enjoy a social evening." Marcia retired to dress for church, and Mrs. Harding left Sir Jasper to his papers by the fire in the breakfast-room. She went to her own room ; but instead of lying down, as she had talked of doing, she paced the spacious chamber slowly from end to end, stopping now and then to look at her face in the glass. It was an anxious brooding face that looked back at her; very haggard in spite of the artificial aid which had been brought to bear to make it beautiful; and the widow looked at it angrily, with a scowl that darkened it, and made it even more haggard. " What a wretch I look !" she muttered, " and when so much depends on my looking well. What have I in the world but my beauty; and if that fades, what hope is there that I sball ever regain a footing in the only world that is worth living in f Oh, how I hate that other world, that hotbed of lies and baseness, in which all the women are vulgar parodies of myself, in which all the men are selfish and false and cruel and cowardly! It all seemed so bright once, and I thought it something to be a queen in it; but now I know it it, and I know what its highest izes are worth." There was a gentle little tap at the door while the widow stood brooding thus before the glass; and when she opened it, pretty Dorothy stood before her, radiant in the velvet bonnet and blue ribbons, and holding a tiny bottle in her hand. " Please, ma'am, Miss Marcia told me to bring you this. Tbe chloride-of-lime, ma'am, she said. I mean the clori—ob, dear, I am so stupid !—and would you be so kind as to try it, Miss Marcia said." Dorothy was quite breathless with hurry, for she was speeding.off to the lodge, where Mr. Tursgood the bailiff was to pick her up in the chaise- cart which conveyed that gentleman and'his young family to tbe little Boman- Catholic chapel at Castleford. As Dorothy handed the chlorodyne to Sir Jasper's guest, something in the dark eyes of tbe widow moved her with a strange tremor. Why it was so, she was far too hurried to consider just now. But the image of one person which had haunted lier very much of late, and had floated hazily in her mind all that morning, assumed in that one moment a more vivid life, and shone before her distinct and palpable as reality. " If this stuff can do anything for my shattered nerves, I shall thank the man who invented it," muttered the widow, as she poured a few drops from Marcia's bottle. She went to one of the windows presently, and stood there until she saw Miss Denison walk briskly along one of the winding paths leading towards the church. Then she went back to the glass, and looked at herself again, scrutinising the reflected face with a long and thoughtful gaze. After that leisurely scrutiny, Mrs. Harding took a handsomelybound Church-service from amongst the numberless elegant possessions she had scattered about her apartment, descended the grand staircase. She met no one on her way to the hall, though she lingeied here and there upon the staircase to look out of a window, or to examine a picture, and she walked down the long corridor leading to the drawing-room with a slow languid step. The pretty amber-curtained room was quite empty when she entered it; but a superb fire, a real Christmas fire, burned in the low grate, and reflected itself in the many-coloured Gothic tiles and the fantastic spikiness of the steel fender. Mrs. Harding sank into a low chaii, a perfect nest of downy pufEness and amber-satin damask; a chair in which to lounge away a lifetime, reading dreamy idyls in the intervals of a long chain of naps ; a chair whose enervating influence stifled the voice of ambition, and deadened the reproving murmurs of conscience; a chair which might have transformed a Napoleon into an idle dreamer, and reduced a John Howard into a selfish Sybarite. Perhaps there never was a richer little study of colour, a more exquisite cabinet-picture, then the splendid widow seated in this chair and loosely robed in a dressing- gown of quilted purple silk, from whose voluminous folds peeped two slim feet, with arched insteps, that might have belonged to one of Alfred de Musset's Andalusian countesses; feet that were set off by greysilk stockings and high- heeled slippers of glimmering bronze, adorned with coquettishly careless scarlet bows, from one of which a painter might have built up the image of a lovely debardeuse tripping away from a carnival ball; just as easily as a naturalist constructs his antediluvian mammoth out of a stray bone dug by hazard from the bowels of the earth. But beautiful as the accessories of the picture might be, there was something wanting to its completeness, and that was the very soul of the subject. The attitude was perfect, the background faultless ; but the expression of repose was not there. Mrs. Harding's head lay back upon the puffy amber cushion, in the abandonment of feminine laziness; but Mrs. Harding's eyes wandered restlessly from the door to the fire, and from the fire back to the door. It was only when there was the sound of a footstep in the corridor, that the sweeping lashes drooped drowsily over the dark splendour of the widow's eyes, and the red lips parted like the lips of a sleeping child. Nothing could be better in the way of histrionic art than the little movement of bewilderment and surprise with whicb Mrs. Harding started from that mock sleep on the entrance of the person whose footsteps she had just beard on the corridor. The person wa6 George Pauncefort. He shut the door behind him, bent his head to the widow with a stately gravity of gesture, and walked straight tothe angle of the fireplace opposite that by which she was sitting. His manner could not have been more ceremonious had he been approaching a stranger, or I should rather say, his manner could not have been so ceremonious towards a stranger. There is a certain ceremony which a gentleman only assumes when he encounters an enemy. A French nobleman of the vicills roche, meeting his antagonist 6ome dewy summer morning in the wood beyond the barriers de I'Etoile, might carry himself as Sir Jasper's tenant did today. *'Good-morning, Mrs. Harding," he said, always preserving the same frigid manner; "I believe it is by that name you desire to be known." " If you please. It is a very unpretending name." The widow retained her attitude of complete repose, and there was an exquisitelysimulated languor in the expression of her countenance, which might have deceived any one who had not seen her five minutes before. " I thought it best that I should see you before leaving this house; and I am glad to find the opportunity of speaking to you," eaid Mr. Pauncefort, very gravely. "Ton are going to leave the Abbey, then!" "Yon cannot imagine that I should remain. I wish to leave without esclandre, if possible. I need scarcely say how entirely surprised I was by the meeting of last night." " Unpleasantly surprised, I suppose!" asked the widow. There was a tightness about her handsome lips, a lurid glitter in her handsome eyes during this interview with Sir Jasper's tenant, that imparted rather a diabolical character to her dark beauty. There was a flimsy little sketch of a Judith, painted by Etty, in a comer of the drawing-room; and the dark intensity of the face in the picture was less terrible than the expression that revealed itself under Blanche Harding's pearl-powder. "Very unpleasantly," answered George Pauncefort. " The threshold of this house is the first I have crossed for 15 years in the character of friend and guest. I had weighed well the probabilities for and against my meeting any one who knows me or my miserable story; and under the peculiar circumstances of this household I believed myself safe. Of all creatures that ever lived upon this earth, you are the person whom I could least have expected to meet under this roof." "Indeed! And why!" No words can do justice to the amount of quiet aggravation which Mrs. Harding contrived to infuse into the enunciation of these four commonplace syllables. Only a woman, and a woman who had been accustomed to the feminine luxury of ha\ing some creature of the genus husband to torment could have obtained such a mastery over the elocution of malice. " For many reasons. First, beoause you were bound by a promise never to return to this country." " I have kept that promise faithfully for fifteen years. When I heard of you, it was always as a traveller in the wilds of Central Africa. My sister's death left me very lonely." " Your sister's death !" cried Sir Jasper's tennant with something that was almost a groan. "God help you, Caroline ! you might have been a different woman if that sister had died in her cradle." Mrs. Harding lifted her head suddenly from its attitude of assumed languor, and looked at George Pauncefort with a fiercer light in her eyes than had shone in them yet. " My sister had nothing to do with my sins," she said. 1 11 can bear the weight of them myself." " But for your sister's influence I do believe you might never have sinned. I think yours and your brother's nature were of that plastic kiod, too weak to walk unaided in the path of virtue, not strong enough to stand alone in vice. You went the way that you were led, and there were two people who plotted together to lead you to perdition. Your sister, Leonora Fane, was one of them." " You had better leave my sister's name out of the question. I have no wish to hear it." " God knows how little wish I have to utter it. The past is past. I have wasted fifteen years in trying to bury the corpse of my perished youth, and I have not yet found the grave deep enough to hold the loathsome thing. Its ghost rises and follows me wherever I go. And now, Mrs. Harding, I have some right to know when you mean to leave this house." " Why should I leave it ?" " Simply because you should never have entered it. You have no right to Bleep under the same roof with Marcia Denison; you have no right to sit at the same table. Oh, God of heaven!" cried the tenant of the Hermitage with a sudden burst of passion, which was all the more terrible for the frigidity of his previous manner, "I saw you kiss her last night; and my mind went back to a summer's evening 15 years ago when I watched you kiss your child as you gave him into his nurse's arms. I do not think you can have forgotten that evening, Caroline. I prayed once that the memory of it might haunt "you on your deathbed." The widow watched Sir Jasper's tenant with keenly scrutinising eyes as he spoke, and there was something like a scintillation of triumph in those big black orbs. " You seem very anxious that no tainted thing should approach Miss Denison's purity," she said, with a sneer; " and yet I do no see how you come to be so deeply interested in the young lady's welfare." " I am interested in the cause of truth against falsehood," sternly answered George Pauncefort. " Tell these people who and what you are. Let them know your antecedents; throw yourself upon their mercy ; and then if they please to receive you, I will stand aloof and say nothing. If in all this world you can find a creature generous enough to take you by the hand, knowing what you are, Heaven forbid that I should stand between you and that outstretched hand 1 But I will not help you in a lie; I will not look placidly on while you creep into a gentleman's hospitable household with a mask npon yonr face." "In that case you had better tell Sir Jasper Denison my story. Of course he will repeat the substance of your revelation to his daughter, and I shall receive a polite notice to quit. Ah, Mr. Pauncefort, I don't think you will care to tell Miss Marcia Denison who and what I am." " Why should I not ?" " I cannot give you a reason. Do you remember how Maitre Jacques replies to Harpagon ! Je le crois parceque je le crois. I can only offer you the same kind of a n s wer—you will not because you will not. The widow was beginning to recover a little of her habitual liveliness. She took Marcia's paper-knife from a table by her side, and began to cut open an illustrated newspaper—a Christmas number with the bright Christmas pictures, which it pleased the Yoltairean Baronet to ridicule. Looking at her as she sat opposite to him, George Pauncefort's mind travelled back to the autumn evening upon which he had first entered that house ; the evening on which he had watched Marcia Denison sitting in the dim glow of the fire, with that very paper-knife in her hand. " It is only three months since that night," mused Sir Jasper's tenant, " and yet the larger half of my lifetime seems the period in which I have known her," He was silent for some few minutes, and then he said gravely : " I had a right to expect that you would keep your promise. I have wished you to be rich, in order that you might be at least beyond the reach of any sordid temptation. I do not threaten you now with a reduction or withdrawal of your income. But I tell you frankly that I will not suffer you to remain a visitor in this house, and the com- panion of Miss Denison." " Then you will tell them—everything ?" A faint flush dyed Mr. Pauncefort's face and passed away before he answered this question. " I shall take my own time to think of that," he said ; " I only tell you that unless you leave this house with your own free will, and very speedily, I will do all I can to render your departure inevitable." " When the inevitable moment arrives, I will go. In the meantime I am an invited guest; and I mean to remain." " Caroline," exclaimed Sir Jasper's tenant, looking at the widow with an expression which was half stern, half pitiful, " I did not think it was in you to become so bold in wickedness." " Fifteen years is a long time," answered Mrs. Harding. "You shut a woman out oft the world in which good people live, and then you wonder at her if she becomes worse than she was at the hour of her exclusion." " Fifteen years might have done much towards the redemption of the past, if you had spent them as you might have done. But I tell you again, Caroline, it was your misfortune to be guided by the worst counsellor who ever whispered evil suggestions into a woman's ear. She is dead, and I have tried to think less bitterly of her, or not to think of her at all. May a merciful God have that compassion for her sins which I cannot feel! I have heard of you and Mrs. Fane during my dreary exile, and I have heard something of the kind of life you led, and the people whom yon chose for your associates. But I will say no more. I have no wish to interfere with your life, except in the defence of friends whom I respect. I claim the right to call the people who inhabit this house my friends; and all that a gentleman may do in the service of his friends, I will do for them." A shadow came between George Pauncefort and the light, and he said this, and looking up he saw Marcia Denison passing the window opposite to him. He bent his head gravely to Mrs. Harding, exactly as he had done before, and left the room. He walked very rapidly along the corridor, but at the end of it he met Marcia Denison, bright and girlish-looking in her simple winter-bonnet, and with the frosty freshness of the out-of-door atmosphere hanging about her garments. Sir Jasper's tenant passed her with a smile and a bow, and went straight to his own apartment, where he spent some time in the concoction of a letter addressed to his host. When he had folded and sealed the letter he rang for his servant. ' " I leave the Abbey this morning, Milward," he said; " I find myself quite unequal to the excitement of society. Yon will pack my portmanteau and follow me. But before you do so, you will give this letter to Sir Jasper DeniBon." " Yes, sir." The well-bred servant expressed no astonishment whatever at this sndden change in his master's plans. He had served the man who called himself George Pauncefort for six or seven years and he had almost parted with the faculty of astonishment in the long experience of a moody traveller's caprices. This abrupt departure from Scarsdale Abbey was only one evidence the more of that irritable nature which vainly sought for relief in change and action. The valet assisted Mr. Pauncefort to put on his great-coat, followed him to the hall and opened the door for him, and then went quietly back to the blue bed-room to pack the things which he had arranged in lavender-perfumed drawers the day before. And thus, on the day which in happy households is so bright a festival, Sir Jasper's tenant left Scarsdale Abbey to return to a cold hearth and an empty shelter, and to make his Christmas dinner off an ill-cooked mutton-chop eaten beside a smouldering fire of sputtering green logs. "Driven out by her!" thought the hermit as he filled his meerschaum; " I think to-day's work is the moral of my own lile. Driven away by her 1" (To be continued.) 