THE COUNCIL OF TRENT. Continued). On the evening of the tenth day (September 9) a division took place. It exhibited an extraordinary variety of., opinion, proving that the fathers felt them selves placed in a very difficult situation. Une hundred and sixty-six votes were thus divided : twenty-nine approved of the concession ; thirty-one were on the same side, but wished the execution of the proposed decree to be committed to the discretion and will of the pope; thirty- eight opposed it altogether ; twenty-four referred the whole matter absolutely to the pope ; nineteen inclined to the con cession, as far as the Bohemians and Hungarians were concerned, but denied it to all others ; fourteen desired the further postponement of the subject ; and eleven were undecided, or neutral. From this chao3 of sentiments it was obviously impossible to frame a decree. At length, however, by dint of artful management and active intrigue, the legates persuaded a majority of thefathers to agree that it should be entirely referred to the pope: a crafty expedient, adopted to neutralise the opposition-of the reforming bishops, and procure a tacit acknowledg ment of tbe inferiority of the council to the infallible head of the church. This was proposed by the cardinal of Mantua at a congregation held on the morning of the day before the session. It was the easiest way to get rid of a troublesome difficulty: the fathers disregarded the censure they would deservedly incur for leaving unsettled one of the most impor tant questions which they were convened to decide, and on a division ninety-eight voted in the affirmative, and thirty-eight only in the negative. The twenty- second session was held September 17, 1562. In the decree on the mass, passed on that occasion, and containing nine explanatory chapters, and the same number of canons, the council taught that the Saviour, when about to offer himself once for all to God the Father by his death, on the altar of the cross, that there he might accomplish eternal redemption, knowing that his priesthood was not to be abolished by death, in the last supper, on the night in which he was betrayed, declared himself to be constituted a Priest for ever, after the order of Melchizedek, offered his nn/ln nnn nlnn/i fn ulnn fna Ivnf.nfln iinnan the species of bread and wine, and by these symbols delivered the same to be received by his apostles, whom he then appointed priests of the New Testament, and commanded them and their successors in the priesthood to offer the same, say ing, "Do this for a commemoration of me," Luke xxii. 19. It is further- asserted, that since " the same Christ who once offered himself by his blood on the altar of the cross, is con tained in this Divine sacrifice which is celebrated in the mass, and offered with out blood, the holy council teaches that this sacrifice is really propitiatory, and made by Christ himself ; so that if we approach God contrite and penitent, with a true heart and sincere faith, with fear and reverence, we "obtain mercy, and find grace in seasonable aid," Heb. iv. 16. For assuredly God is appeased by this oblation, bestows grace and the gift of repentance, and forgives all crimes and sins, how great soever : for the sacrifice which is. now effected by the ministry of the priests is one and the same as that which Christ then offered on the cross, only the mode of offering is different. And the fruits of that bloody oblation are plentifully enjoyed by means of this un bloody one ; so untrue is it that the latter derogates from the glory of the former. Wherefore it is properly offered, accord ing to apostolic tradition, not only for the sins, punishments, satisfactions, and other necessities of living believers, but also for the dead in Christ, who are not yet thoroughly purified." And whereas masses are .frequently celebrated " iphonour and memory of the:; saints," the' council affirms that; " sacri fice is not offered to thorn!, but to God ' only, who has crowned them with glory ! . The following' prayer will further . ex plain the "meaning of the Council ' " Receive, 0 holy Trinity, 'this oblation which wa make to thee in memory of the passion, resurrection, and ascension of our : 7 ..j Lord JeBus Christ, and in honour of the blessed Mary, ever a virgin ; ol blessed John Baptist, the holy apostles Peter and Paul, and of all the saints ; that it may be available to their honour and our salva tion ; and may they vouchsafe to intercede for us in heaven, whose memory we cele brate on earth. Through the same Christ our Lord. Amen." The " oblatioD," be it remembered, is Christ himself, and the prayer is that the Redeemer's sacrifice may avail to procure pardon, through the intercessiou of Peter and Paul ! Christ himself offered in honour of a saint! Is not this setting the servant above the Lord ? Is it less than blasphemy ? By the ceremonies used iu the celebra tion of the mass, the lights, incense, genu flexions, ablutions, crossings, etc., itissaid, that " the majesty ot this great sacrifice is set forth, and by these visible signs of religion and piety the minds of the faith ful are excited to the contemplation of the deep truths which are therein contained ; " hut the celebration of the service in the vernacular tongue is not "deemed ex pedient." A separate decree was published, declar ing that the question of conceding the cup to the laity was referred absolutely to the Soman pontiff, who in his wisdom would decide that point, and do what should he most useful to the Christian common-wealth at large, and salutary to those who petitioned for the privilege. It was very well known that this was the readiest method of evading, and ultimately suppressing, the requests of the petitioners for that boon. The pope had resolved to bring the council to a speedy termination, and thus deliver himself from the vexations and alarms which agitated him during its continuance. To accomplish his pur pose he spared no promises, well knowing that it would be very easy to put insuper able difficulties in the way of their per formance. The legates were wellacquain- ted with the pontiff's real views and wishes, and took care not to thwart him. The business of reformation was commit ted to Simonetta, who, with the assistance of Boncompagno, Paleotti, and others, undertook to prepare such a decree as might, at the same time, please the pope and satisfy the oft-repeated demands of the states of Europe. This arrangement waB Becretly made, and the self- appointed committee pursued its labours unknown to the council till the time came for the production of the decree. Thus the fathers were saved the trouble of investi gation ; the wounds of corruption were gently opened, and speedily closed again ; all they had to do was to receive and apply such remedies as were brought ready prepared to their hands. The sacraments of orders and of matri- mony, were appointed for decision at the next session. Two or three extracts from the speeches delivered in the course of the discussions on the subject of orders will summarily state the prevailing sentiments. Alphonso Salmeron,the Jesuit, affirmed that Christ instituted the sacrament of orders when he appointed his apostles to the priesthood. The powers then bes towed chiefly related to the consecration of his real body. Another power, that of jurisdiction over his mystical body, the church, was imparted, when he breathed on them, and said, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost," etc., John xx. 22 ; this power was connected with the impression of a character, in which respect the sacrament of orders resembles those of baptism and confirmation. Further, when the Saviour led the apostles out and blessed them, Luke xxiv. 50, he constituted them bishops, sending them to preach the gcspel. Peter Soto spoke of the hierarchy. He maintained that in the government ot the church, which is vested in the priesthood, there is a regular gradation, as in the angelic host-, and that bishops, priests, and other ministers, are the rulers of the spiritual community, ordinary Christians being entirely excluded. In opposition to the ProteBtants, he asserted that so far from the office of priests being confined to preaching the gospel, that duty rather belongs to bishops, according to the say ing of the apostle, " Christ Bent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel." The debates that arose on the last article, relating to the superiority of bishops to priestp, excited a dispute that more than ever distracted and divided the council. "When this subject was discussed in 1552, the question proposed wap, " "Whether bishops are superior to presby ters by Divine right." The legates had resolved to avoid, if possible, the revival of the controversy, chiefly on account of itsa connexion with the dispute respecting re idence, which they intended should he quietly referred to the pope. "With these views they erased from the article the words " jure Divino," " by Divine right," hoping that the subject would not be introduced. But they were mistaken. The Spaniards resolutely refused to be silent. A furious contest was the result, which, though the issue was favourable to the papal interests, necessarily prolonged the council much beyond the lime which had been fixed for its continuance. The debate continued several days. Each party put forth its full strength ; and the importance of the question was universally felt and acknowledged. Should the Divine right be declared, it was per ceived that the consequences would be eminently disastrous to the power and pretensions of the papacy. The bishops would immediately assert their entire independence of the pope, a fruitful source of revenue and influence would be entirely destroyed, and the court of Rome would sink into comparative insignificance. These considerations greatly alarmed the legates, and induced them to employ all the force of intrigue to procure the rejec tion of the disputed clause. The Jesuit Lninez was employed to refute the advo cates of the Divine right. He maintained that Jesus Christ is sole ruler of his church ; that when he left the world he constituted Peter and his successors as his vicars ; that, in consequence, the pope is absolutely lord and master, supreme and infallible ; that bishops derive from him their power and jurisdiction, and that, in fact, there is no power whatever in the church but from him, so that even general councils have no authority, are not infal lible, do not enjoy the influence of the Holy Spirit, uniess they are summoned and controlled by papal authority. At length a division took place, iu which one hundred and eighty-one votes were given. Fifty-four prelates voted for the Divine right, and the number would have been greater had not many been restrained by the fear of incurring the displeasure of their patrons, the legates, or the pope. But although the majority sided with the legates, they knew how it was obtained, and felt that it would be unsafe to treat their opponents with disrespect, since among them were found a large propor tion of the most learned and influential prelates then at Trent. It was at leaBt good policy to seek conciliation and agreement. With this object an addition was made to the committee, who took immense pains to frame the decree in such a manner as might meet the views of both parties. Various modes of expression were proposed, altered, modfiied, and rejected. Much time was wasted in these contentions, and no prospect of union appeared. (To be continued .) Departure of Bisliop Moor house. — On Thursday morning the 11th instant a large congregation gathered in St. Peter's church, Melbourne, where Bishop Moorliouse officiated for the lost time at divine service at Melbourne. He delivered a brief farewell address during which he broke down several times and finally was completely overcome by emotion and bad to bring it to an abrupt conclusion ; the congregation also being much affected. The Argus reports the Bishop said: — "I feel myself much in the position of St. Paul at Miletus, breaking and eating bread with you, being rendy to deport on the morrow : and if I may with reverence adapt the words of our Lord JeEus Christ, 1 would say, ' We Bhall drink no more together of the fruit of Ibis vine until we drink it together in our Father's Kingdom.' At this point the Bishop was quite overcome with deep emotion ; he seemed to desire to add a few words more, but his voice failing him, he concluded after a short pause, using the words of Archdeacon Trench, "Finally, brethren, farewell. If we be indeed alive in Christ, then " 1 We, on divers shores now cast, Shall meet — our perilous voyage past — Safe in our Father's arms at last." . Later the Bishop and Mrs. Moorhouse accom panied by Captain Trail, (representative of the Governor), and a large number of clergy and personal friends went to Williamstown and embarked on the B.M.S. Bengal , for London. So large and enthusiastic was the crowd that assembled to see him off, that the Bishop had great difficulty in getting on board the steamer. Before leaving Mr. W. E. Murpby on behalf of the associated trades and working classes of the colony presented Dr. Mooi house with a farewell address. Mrp. Moorhouse was presented with several beautiful bouquets and their cabin was profusely decorated with flowers. There was scarcely standing room on the deck of the steamer and the crowd was oIeo dense on shore. As the steamer moved off, the bishop and his wife stood in the stern, and cheer after cheer were given, while tears flowed freely in the crowd. New Z c aland Petition lor the Opening: of Convents.— The Sydney Daily Telegiaph of Wednes day last has the following : — " At Dunedin, on March 2, there was an enormous atten dance at Garrison hall, when Mrs. Auffray replied to the aspersions made by Fred Fulton who was allowed an hour to formu late them. Mrs. Auffray then replied, and at the end Mr. Fulton apologised for the statements made regarding the marriage of Mrp. Auffray. Next evening there was a tremendous gathering at Mrs. Auffray's con cluding lecture, and the following petition was adopted amidst great cheering and enthu siasm : — ' That your petitioners believe, from undeniable evidence, that the right of civil liberty is violated by the existence of con vents of the Church of Rome — controlled by foreign or British subjects under the authority of the Church of Rome — throughout the British possessions. In consequence of the individual restraint of the inmates or nuns therein, we pray that tbe legislature will pass an Act providing for the liberty of Her Majesty's subjects in convents, by compelling the authorities to have them thrown open for public inspection.' ' At the meeting there was a presentation of an address and testi monial to Mrs. Edith O'Gorman Auffray. In another column we publish a very interesting account of the exciting debate above referred to ; wherein the escaped nun Mrs. Edith O'Gorman Auffray utterly confounded her calumniaitor, amid intense excitement. Mrs. Edith O'Gorman Auf fray. — We commend to the Bpecial notice of our readers the report in this paper of the grand triumph of this lady over all the calumny and hatred by which tbe enemy sought to damage her mission. Nothing was ever more complete than her victory and the verification of her statements and the false hood of those adverse to her. We shall soon please God, be able to hear her own voice, and apply ner revelations of convent life to the church prisons in New South Wales. They fall out about Father Huggard. — The Express and the Free man's Journal are not at all like brothers. The Freeman had the honesty to find fault with the principle that a priest is justified in keeping a daughter, under age, away by force from her father, to save her soul; whereas the Express rather considered the Freeman rash in so decidedly laying down the opinion, at all events until the case of Mr. Huggard is fully tried. The letters of correspondents in the Express go farther and pat the Rev. gentleman on the back. The bishop is said to disapprove of the prieBt's conduct : but wo know well that in the end and in the result tlio church will reward the soggarth's zeal. Irish or Popish? — Pains have been taken to assure the public that the St. Patrick's banquet is merely national and Irish, not sectarian and Popish. How does this consist with its postponement from the day first fixed to Thursday because on the first day the Romanist Church forbids the UBe of flesh meat ? We hope the flesh meat, or the salmon will, this time, perfectly agree with Mr. Copeland. They seem to be trying, about tbe season of St. Patrick especially, to newly appointed Ministers. Mr. Joseph Symes gets a taste of his own Physic.— Mr. Joseph Symes, the blasphemous editor of tbe secularist Melbourne paper The Liberator , and the shameless libeller of our most gracious Queen, visited Woodend, near Hyne- ton, Victoria, on Saturday week on one of his tours of lectures which consist of awful blasphemy, outpourings of disloyalty, coarse ness and seditious ravings of communism. "Freethought and its fruits" was the an nounced subject of his lecture which was an open air deliverance. Scarcely had he begun at about 3 o'clock p.m. than the treatment the secularist followers of Mr. Symes had so frequently meted out to others was returned. The people who had gathered would not suffer the Almighty to be blasphemed in their presence, and would not grant the foul libeller of their most gracious Queen per mission to utter his coarse disloyalty. Shouts and groans and beating of kerosene tins made a tremendous uproar, and, it is said, a bad egg struck the blasphemer. After vainly endeavouring to wear the opposition down by shouting for about an hour at the top of bis stentorian lungs, Mr. Symes, whose loud voice could be heard not a yard from the extemporised platform, and his secularist friends, gave up the attempt to spout blas phemy and coarse immoral doctrine in Wood- end and retreated to the hotel, a crowd following, to whom it is reported the frightened secularists frequently turned and offered money if they would disperse. The insulted people refused to take the offered bribes but did not molest the secularists, but they followed them to Thorburn's hotel, and insisted on their leaving the town by the next train, and tbe crowd remained before the hotel until the half-past 5 train for Mel- bourne was ready to start. They then escorted Mr. Symes and his friends to it and filled the railway platform, to see the secu larists take their seats and move off. Though we cannot commend this high-handed pro ceeding, yet the forbearance of the outraged people who did not offer any personal violence to the secularists is commendable. And we cannot help reminding Mr. Symes and the secularist that they have only got a mild taste of the kind of thing they are so fond of indulging in themselves. We hope the reprisal will have the effect of teaching them to amend their howling intolerant ways when listening to anti-infidel lectures. A Genuine Papal State.— The Viciorietn Standard says The genuine char acter of Popery can be well learned from some facts in reference to Ecuador. There, we are told, ten per cent, of the population are nuns and priests. Two hundred and seventy-two days of the year are observed as feast and fast days. One-fourth of all the property be longs to the Romish cburoh, and seventy-five per cent, of the people can neither read nor write. What a paradise is that for Popery ! It is the great doctrine of Rome, that " ignor ance is the mother of devotion," and the chief curse of any country iB this Popish practice of having so many holidays, or so- called holy days. The people are confirmed in lazy thriftless habits. They lose self-reli- anco and ambition, fail to get ahead in the world, and what little they do learn between the holidays they must share with the lazy and licentious priests and nuns. M. Pasteur on Hydrophobia. — At a plenary meeting of the institute held in Paris M. Pasteur claimed a great victory over rabies, and hoped at the next meeting to announce a second one. He had triumphed through thirteen successive inoculations, operated in ten days with virus of different degrees of strength on Joseph Meister, aged 12, who was bitten on Jnly 4, and brought to M. Pasteur on the 6th. Some bites had been cauterised, but fourteen were not. Rabid symptoms were already showing themselves. Drs. Vulpian and Grancy were summoned in consultation, but thought the case too far gone to be curable. M. Pasteur, however, resolved to experiment, and began by in oculating the marrow of a rabid rabbit kept a fortnight in dry air. The second inoculation was made with the marrow exposed a day less, and so on until the maximum intensity of the virus was reached. After seven days' incubation Meister is now in perfect health, M. Pasteur's second patient is a shepherd, bitten in rescuing a child from a mad dog. He was brought to M. Pasteur six dnys after tho accident, and may bo considered out of danger. Dr. Vulpian declared M. Pasteur in his treatment of rabies infallible, and, as a great many more persons are bitten than is generally supposed, predicted that the savant would have more patients than he could attend to, a reason why Dr. Vulpian thought the method should be adopted in the hospitals. The Grand Duke Alexis, who is a dog fancier, and M. de Lessens went to hear M. Pasteur's report endorsed by Dr. Vulpian. Ritualistic Teaching "Versus the Word of God. — We notice that the controversy about the driving out of Mr. Snow, of Wellington, New Zealand, from the Church of England, by the illegal ritualistic practices introduced, is still going on. Mr. Snow admits that tbe Wellington Ritualists are not very advanced, and that the bowing to the " altar " the standing of the congrega tion on the entry of the clergyman, the wearing of certain vestments with the cross in full display upon them, are very immaterial of themselves, but they usually tend to point to tho clergyman asthesacrificing priest (Ecce Sacerdos), and he knowsthatin other ritualistic churches such things have been preliminary to adopting the practices of the Church of Rome almost entirely, such as Consecrating the Host, worshipping it as God and elevating it for the adoration of tho people. These things being nothing less than teaching the dootrine of the real presence which, indeed, is without reserve taught in those churches. I need hardly Bay (sayB Mr. Snow) that it is a doctrine repugnant to the word of God and therefore to the Church of England (seo articles 6 and 20) Mr. Snow adds the fol- lowing texts having reference to the body and blood of Christ which we oommend to the study of everybody whose eye falls on these lines : — 1st Cor. XI., 24, 25, 26, 28— As received in remembrance of Christ. 1 Cor, XII., 27— The same. 1st Cor., X., 16, 17— Par- lasers oi as memoers ot Unnst. John, VI., 63 — It is tbe Spirit that quickenetb, the fleBh profiteth nothing. By comparing verses 53 and 54 of John VI., with v. 35, 40. 47 we learn that to eat the flesh and drink the blood of Christ is to believe in Him. The state of Ireland.— Stories illustrating the dreadful state of moral depravity in the Roman Catholic Ireland and the awful state of perversion and terrorism to which the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church and the National League has brought the country are to be found in all the papers of Ireland and Great Britain. Here is one of many: — "A labouring man, named John Kelly, who has been committed to Kilmain- ham Gaol, Dublin, on his own confession of having set fire to a stack of oats belonging to the Artane Industrial School, has made an extraordinary statement, which tbe police have in several particulars verified. He Btated that he belonged to a secret organisa tion, and that he was ordered on pain of deatb, to shoot either Mr. Curran, the County Court Judge, who examined the Invincibles, or Mr. Bolton, Crown Solicitor, or others, whose names he declined to mention, and to set fire to the hay and corn of Charles Reilly, of Artane, Andrew Kettle, and Andrew Derham. He said he had set on fire the stack of oats belonging to the Artane Industrial School, thinking it was Reilly 'e. Under the direction of one of the organisation, who was aimed with a six-chambered revolver, he was Bent the next night to post, at Ballymeen Chapel, a notice, "Farmers of Drogheda, if you don't do something better for your labourers we will doforyou. — Signed, Captain Moonlight." Kelly says he gave himself up fearing he would be shot by the organization for disobedience of orders. He cried bitterly whilst giving his evidence. He refused to give the names of those who accompanied him, or of tbe members of the organisation, or of those whom he was ordered to shoot other than Mr. Curran and Mr. Bolton. It has been ascertained that he is a native of Balbriggan, and has a wife and children. Since hiB arrest corn and hay belonging to some of thefarmershe mentioned have been burned." It is noteworthy that the Moonlighters and other terrorists are almost without exception Roman Catholics. There iB no record of proteBtants boycotting ing or not paying rent. !?he consequences of the reign of terror in the R. C. portions of Ireland are destitution and misery, the decrease of the population, and, .despite that decrease, increasing poverty. Little outside capital now flows into those R. C. portions where the foolish cry " Ireland: for the Irish" prevails. British and other capitalists will not . invest in, but will as far as possible withdraw .their money from a county where no interest can be gained on their investment, and where any manufactories they start will be de stroyed lest,, the hated .Britishor get any money, from Ireland. " So the people of the R.O promises ara kept unemployed, poor, and in a state of .agitation. An inflow of that capital which the tacticR of the agitators has turned from Ireland, woujd come with the restoration of law and order and the guarantee of a certain tenure, and then Ireland would . develop its splendid natural resources, and . rapid development would be aided by the magnificent geographical position of the country, close to the unrivalled markets of England, Europe, and America. Ireland would then grow prosperous, populous, wealthy and contented, instead of being a ' beggar at the door of all the English speak- , iug nations, who even from America and ' Australia pour enormous contributions into .her without exciting her gratitude or making her, a whit the, wealthier. For the contributions are swallowed up by voracious agitators, and the, Roman, Catholic Church of course secures the lion's portion of them. Until the ignorant people are protected from these agitators, and are educated in other than Romish fables and treasonable teaching, and the yoke of the Roman Catholic Church is removed from the nocks of the peoplo there seems to be little ; hope of Ireland ever attaining to the position to \vhich its magnificent portion, fertility, .and immense natural resources, entitle, it. ; The Irish disaffected, have always .befpro, them the model of prosperous, .populous .and orderly Ulster, which will submit , neither to the crushing yoke of the. Papal Church nor to the so-called . Irish; National .League, and, which/will not.listen to, disloyal, agitators ' nor subscribe ..rhohoyto keep themiih clover. Let: the papal disloyal parts of /Irela'u\i,iiriitate the model which is there /al ways before . them, and the Ulster prosperity, will spread ; all through tlie land. The Fire Brigade Board.— In our last issue it was stated, that Alderman Lees was elected, to , represent: .the ..City Counoil on . the Fire Brigade Board , by 11 votes to 9. The . numbers really were 10 to 9, the contest, being, very close. Alderman Chapman proposed,; Alderman Kippax who has up to the present been the representative of the Council. Alderman . Riley moved, as an amendment that Alderman jjbbs do appoiuieu, una uiavuiing . uii uiig amendment was as follows Ayosj 10, viz., Aldermen Beare, Byrn, M. Harris, : Hart, Jones, Meeks, Playfair, Riley, Withers, J. D. Young. Noes 9, viz.," Ajdermen . Buckle, Burdekin, Chapman, Deari, Hardie, Moore, Palmer, Poole, Taylor. Alderman . R, M'Coy, J. P.j'of Marrickville, has been appointed by the suburban municipalities as their, represen tative oh the Fire Brigade, Board. He also was the suburban representative last year. Mr .G. H. Reid and tlie Maine Prohibitory Iaw.— Mr. G. H. Reid was rash enough to assert publicly that the laws prohibiting the sale", of, alcohol: in the State of Maine were inoperative'— that, liquor was as freely used and bought as ever, and "that no good had resulted. . The Secretary of the Local Option League therefore communi cated with General Neal Dow, who was the godfather of the prohibition laws. in Maine, demanding tbe'truo facts' of the case. General Dow sums up the results thus. (1) Every distillery, and brewery has been suppressed ; (2) the drink traffic has been reduced .by 19-20ths, and a direct saving effected to the State of 12,000,000 dol. ; (8) before Maine submitted itself to a prohibitory liquor law it was the poorest State in the Union, and it has since become one of the most prosperous; and (4) after. 30 years, experience of prohibi tion the law was re-enacted in 1884 and put upon the' constitution by a three to one vote, . so that the' policy is irrevocable without a formal popular vote. Mr. Reid ought to be ashamed of. himself. 