THEATRE' ROYAL. Lessie, Mr. Charles Vincent. Acting Manager xlr. Ilarwoud. Final Rktjrf,jientt of Mr. J, C. Lambert. When he will malto.his lust ui-pearance on any stage for ever. Those fr ends who desire to honor Mr. Lambert with their presence on this occasion will plense take' their places imme diately. The Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this occasion with Mr. Lambert. This ' Evening. Thursday, February Z7th, 1868, ' The Performance will commence with the 2nd Act of Brinsley Sheridan's brilliant comedy "THE RIVALS." i Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. J. G Lambert ' Characters by tho Company. To be followed by- the. 1st Act of Bulwer Lytton's comedy of : "MONEY." Sir John Vesey - - Mr. J. O. Lambert . , (his last appearance in that character for ever). Alfred Evelyn - Mr. William Levey . Sir! Frederick Blount - 'Mr. Marcus Clarke Stout - Mr. Oharles Warner Other Characters by' the Amateurs. Trio— '-Hark I the- Lark at Heaven's Gate Sings" — Mr r. Stewart and Misses Docy and Maggie Stewart. To be succeeded by. Scenes (including Screen Scene) from Sheridan's Comt-dy, - , ''THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL" Sir Peter Teazle' - - Mr. J. O. Lambert (the last character he will ever act on - any Stage),. . Joseph Surface - Air. Oharles Vincent Lady Teazle - - Miss Cleveland To which will be added the Farce entitled , "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. R. Har wood. \- and Company. Mr. J. O. Lambert will then read the.eonfess-. ion of his faults and bid his friends a final - adieu Doors open at 7, Commence at 8 .precisely, ' ' PRICES AS USUAL. The following is a copy of his address: "Ladies and Gentlemen: — I am about to quit this world of mine for ever, to cross the footlights and live " in your world. It is very much the (iiicifnm n n nnnnQinriD ii'lion nonrtl a n nn UUOVOMi vu VWWMWJWMW n<>vu ALO going out of the world to make a full confession of all their sins, and l will acknowledge the excellence of the' \- custom by adopting it, so that 'you shall not say that I gave up the ghost without recounting the many sins of which I have been guilty, both since iLcamc among you, and many years before that time.". "These as you may suppose were very numerous, for they have been going on without intermission these two and forty years. I will begin with the worst offences, and admit I have committed murder — In the early part of my career especially, I ac- knowledgeto have murdered several- parts, with' which I . was entrusted, but Of late years I hope I have been less guilty in this respect, and that the shades of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, Congveve, Otway," Massif) ger, Rowe, and Sheridan have been appeased, I trust by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations." " I have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of instances . I- have married more wives than Brigltam Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number my sons ani'l daughters by scores if not hun dreds. Some of them, I grieve to say, I ha ve treated with great cruelty, turning them out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off' with a shilling, forcing them into mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures," " In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used the most violent language. to my offspring, but ' many times when in the very onslaught of my" furious denunciations I have relented and only uttered half a curse. At this moment, if I had not great strength of mind I should be over whelmed with remorse at the conse quences of my severity. " "I have to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among my I acquaintances, and even ' among my : friends, some very incorrigible scoun- ;dr.els(; but I beg you will place in juxtaposition witli this fact, the cir cumstance of having also been -on intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree of society. Indeed, I may here remark, that in respect to social position) my friends and acquaintances have been of the \- highest: and lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, and that their 'dispositions have varied as infinitely as;their social position." "My own predilections have been in like manner fluctuating. At one time I have been so miserly that I have denied myself the common and most absolute necessaries ; at others felt myself prompted bv generous impulses so strong that I have had no. hesitation in giving away large sums of money, vast estates, priceless jew els, and even crowns and kingdoms." "I-. confess, however, these gifts , have been bestowed with but an in- ' discriminate hand, and that undeserv ing men have profited by my promt's- ' cuous liberality." '"Like all- other members of my profession, I have lived a double life, and it is only in one of mine, the great crimes I have enumerated and. ac knowledged have been committed. My serious vices, I trust, have all been e'pmmitted this side of the footlights.". ; ."'But in the world where in future I am going to dwell, I. trust you will credit;me with having done my duty \- as a-.good citizen, and. that when in a few1 days I step on board the vessel which AVill' bear me from this bright and beautiful . country, I shall carry ... with Trie vour good wishes and, your kindly- esteem." Permit me. a parting. word about my brother managers, w.th whom for the last' jtwelve months I have been intimately associated. -I never thought to have-drifted intomanagementagain, but there were such pressing reasons why this fine theatre should not be allowed to 'lose i re&tige;, .and why it should not fall into incompetent hands that I consented to become one of the co-partnerships by which its affairs have'been lately administered." ' "I appeal to you to say whether we have managed the Theatre Royal satisfactorily, and whether we have ' not fulfilled the promises made at the beginniug of our career. Although we have not obtained a wonderful- pecuniary success, I can .but think that we havergiven our patrons fair value.ior their money, and I am happy to think at this moment that the repu-. tation . and popularity of the Theatre Royal are as good as they have at any time been since it was opened nearly fitteen years ago. Let me ask you to continue your support to the mana gerial firm'.as it now- exists — at least an equal measure of support. Its - members are well known to you, and are, I am sure, greatly respected." (To be Continued). 