CHIPS. Fine. Cold mornings. Glenelg Corporation in a regular fix, 0486 of blao , • k man spear white man in the N.T. Border railway opened. Rail right through to Kingston now. <sNew moon last Tuesday. First quarter on Tuesday next, llh. 34m. a.m. Rush by steamer for Kimberley. Won't they all be back again presently t The quarantined passengers brought up from Torrens Island on Wednesday. Big Customs seizure of cigars at Port Adelaide last week. 19,000 confiscated. Booth " took " at Port Adelaide. Pity he didn't have a larger house. Better luck next time. A correspondent writing from Melbourne says— " There is plenty of work here, and plenty of men to do it." Teacher: "Which of you can mention three animals that live in Africa!" Johnny: "I can, Mr. Ferule." Teacher: "Well, let's hear." Johnny : " Two monkeys and a parrot." A good old negro was burned to a crisp recently somewhere down in Georgia. The text of the funeral address, oddly enough was: " Well done, thou good and faithful servant" An Irishman, angling in the ram, was observed to keep his line under the arch of a bridge. On being asked the reason, he gave the following answer:—" To be sure, the fishes will be after crowding there, to keep ont of tile wet."' A woman wa3 fanning the corpse of her husband, and being asked by her neighbors why she fanned a dead man in the middle of winter, she replied, " My husband's last words were, 'Wife, wait till I am cold before you marry again.'" ' . A barber, shaving a customer's head, drew blood, and put one of his fingers over it. Again he made a cut, and put down another finger, and so on until he had no more fingers free. " Ah," said he, as he paused in his work, " a barber's is a difficult trade; we ought to have a thousand fingers." ^A boy, while amusing himself, fell into the water, and, as he could not swim, would have been drowned had not a bystander jumped in and rescued^him. On reaching dry land he expressed his gratitude to his deliverer, adding: " I'm glad ye got me out. What a licking I wud hae got frae my mither if I had been drowned. A story is told of a shrewd woman who tried to wean her husband from the public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and znghteB Joha on his way home. " Who are you?" said the guidman, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. "I'm Auld Nick," was the reply, "Come awa', man," said John, nothing daunted. "Gie's a shake o' your -hand; I am married tae a sister o' yours." When a man wakes to the realising sense that he is for the first time a father, his breast heaves with emotion, and he rushes down town in haste to be congratulated; but in after years when it becomes an old story, and the seventh infant cuddles down into its swaddling clothes, his emotional breast dosen't heave, and with his pocketbook as thin as a cardboard, and a depressed bearing, he hurries to his business forgetting to say anything, even to his confidential friends, about it. 