Detective's DresiVri 1 'V ? By Waif Wander. (W. W.) ? ? ? ' v ' It is years sinoo 1 dreamt that dream, yet scarcely a Christmas eomos and goes that I do not many titnen recall it. Perhaps it and the ovents whioh followed, made a cleopor im pression on my memory beoausp I was at the time barely'reoovering from the moat a^rioUB illness I over had in my life, and was un hitiged both in body and mind. . Tho doctors had insisted on change of air and scene, and I had got leave from my superiors, but whero was I to go. The bustlo and noiao of a aummor Beasido haunt would havo driven me wild, and I had not a single friend in the country that I oouia ufco the liberty of offering a viBit to. , One of the unexpeotod coincidences wo so often moot with in'lilo, and whioh good folk are fond of calling providential, Bolved. the ditlioulty for me. I met in the otreat Albort Pomberton, a young University student I had accidentally been able to help in a not over re spectable mess he had got into in one of our Town elums,.. and his good looking face beamed with pleaeuro as he recognised me. 'Good heavens, how bad you look Sin olair,' ho oried ' I only heard by tho mereat accident tho othor day chat you had been seriously ill. I was just going to hunt you up— upon honor I was, to aak you to accom pany me homo for the holidays.' , 'Home with you I' I said 'why I am a perfect stranger to your people. I couldn't have the cheek to quarter myBolf on them un invited, and what n chance there is of them inviting a deteotivo to Werrimona!' ' Howproud you are ; but you're wrong, for I havo an invitation for you in my pocket. I I wrote taking leave to take you up with me, telling them, yon may bo Buro, that I waa greatly indebted to you, Sinclair, though I daren't enter into particulars, and there— you can read the paragraph if you like.' ' Mrs Pomt!'rton ia very kind and I am very grateful,' 1 ?laid as I returned the letter ' but you are going to bavo a wedding in the family, and I am quite unfit lor any lesti tiea.' ' You ncod not oven share them unless you wish. Evelyn's wedding is to be tho quieteBt you can imagine, but you need not even see the ooremony unless you chooBe. I have settled it. all in my own mind, old fellow, you shall have my' room ; it is a regular baohelot's don with an entrance ,of its own — you can oome and go without a soul being the wiser: Now you won't Bay no?' I didn't say no, I went with my young friend to his homo at Werrimona, and there X dreamed my dream. Werrimona waa and is ono of the loveliest Bpots the sun of Victoria shines on. It is a neat of verdure among tho hills that slope, in aroundit leaving broad openings here andthere that tho eye may wander to tho blue moun tain peaks in tho far distance, or tost, on the shimmering windings of Werrimona Creeb. If the whole country had been searahed for a peaceful spot in whioh ono might rest and en joy, with a thankful heart the beautiea of God given earth, none fairer could bo lound than fair Werrimona. Mrs Pemberton had been long a widow and was a sweet-faced, motherly woman, who Bet mo at my ease in a few friendly words ; to Evelyn Pemborton, her only daughter and the aoon-to-be bride, I:muBt devote a few more words. I never understood the girl from the first, though sad after events taught me an explana tion of much that had puzzled mo. She was very beautiful, no one oould look in her faoo and not acknowledge that, Bho was twenty one, tall, and elenderly built, but of admirable womanly proportion, and sho had the most perfeot, though slightly peculiar, taste in dress. Her hair and eyes seemed of almost the same hueB — brown with gleams of gold in them. The former waa abundant, aoftand wavy, the latter large, heavy lidded, and fringed with deep lashes that made a noticeable feature in her face. Hor mouth was, I think, tho sweetest I ever saw, and in her rare smiles tho rioh lips afforded a glimpse of teeth regular and white as rows of pearls. Yos, Evelyn waa beautiful in apito of tho almost total absence of color in hor faoe. Her complexion wan of a delicate ctcamy hue, and only in rare moments of excitement a pale rose tint appeared for an inatant in her soft obeeks. The very first time Evelyn Pember .ton's eyes rested on mine in a deep, and al most solemn gaze, I folt a strango thrill through my whole boing — a thrill that had something of a Bhuddor in it, though the warm aummer aun was beaming down on my bare head as I bowed before hor, It waa not until after I had seen her that I felt interest enough to question Albert aB to whom she was about to marry. He had been initiating mo into the comforts and Doculiari ties of his den, which he had, aa he promised, resigned to me, and a little fatigued with the journey, I aoatod myself in a chair near tho window to onjoy tho wild view of hill and dale it afforded while wo indulged in a smoke. ' Well ?' ho aBked, ' what do you think of the mater and Evelyn ?' ' I think you are a happy fellow to have BUoh a mother,' I repliod, ' and that you ought to try and lead a lifo worthy of her.' ' Don't hit so hard old fellow I' ho said with a becoming flush rising to his brown oheek, ' I'll try hurd for tho future.' 'My dear Pemberton, 1 aasure you I only spoke in general terms— 1 had no intention of roourring — ' 'No,' he interrupted, 'I am sure you hadn't, but a bad conscience you know. But you haven't told me what you think of my siater yet.' ' She ia very beautiful — very, may I oak who it is aho is going to marry, Albert?' ' I ahould think you may ; why. you'll meet him at dinner to-night — that is if you don't prefer dining here— I promised you perfeot liberty you know.' ' Thanks, but I must not be too exaoting or selfish. I must make the acquaintance of Miss Pemborton's intended at all events, I have gathered that he ia a neighbour?' 'YeB, his Btation ia only two miles away and he is one of tho nicest young follows in the world. If there ia any fault to be found with him it is his youth, he is the same ago as Evelyn— but that ; you know, wiil mend. She is a luoky girl to hook suoh a husband as KingBley— Charley is amiable and wealthy.' ' And is devoted of courBO ?' ' Oh of oourao that goos without saying, but I don't mind tolling you, Sinolair that he's far easier satisfied than I should be in bis plaao.' 'As how?' ' Beoauso Evelyn is so oold — if I waa going to be married to a girl I'd expeot her to Boom happy at all events.' M And don't you think your sister ia happy ?' ' Sho says Bhe is. But oh heavens Sinolair what's tho use of trying to undoratand women ?' addod the nineteen year old oynio, ' I don't suppose thoy'ro over of tho same mind two months togothor. ' I hope you havo no reason to inoludo Miss l'omborton in that sweeping aoouaation,' I said. ? ' I havo then,' was tho short answor, and tho young follow bont his brows gloomily and pullod hardjat his oigar ore ho spoko again. 'I know that you're a safe card to talk to Sinolair, I oan trust you to hold your tongue if I say to you what I wouldn't to anothor. You nee tho mator and Evolyn look upon mo aa a boy, and I'm out of tho running in family consultations, but I spoko up about Nod Cor wyn boforo things had gono too far, and I got snubbed for it.' ' Nod Corwyn ? ' 'Oh, you don't know him, ho's another neighbour, a Bohool-mato of mino and ol Evelyn's too for that mattor, though he is years older than cithefr ol us. Well, it over a ?' -V ''''-? ..'?.',?' ?' 'i ???' ?'?' '??''?' ?????'???',1.' '?? -;??? girl was spoonoy'on a JeUow vB volyn ^fl ;on him, ona by Jove it wasTiutUftl, ho worBbippo* the ground she walked .on/' ? ? § . , ? '; '?'?'? ^' 'la ho dead?' I naked, thinking I had lound a solution ol the myBtqrious BadneBS in Evolyn Pomberlion'fl eyes. ;„ ,. , ;: '« Bead ? not ho I the poor fellow's taken it like ft shoop, and ifl thomater'a ngpt hand man. You will nee him at dinner to-night, '! Am 1 to understand that your Bister vrafl ongagod to this -Mr. Oprwyn, and tlmt it was broken off in favour ol Mr. Kingsley ? ' ' ThBt'o how I. tako it, but as a metier ot laot I know nothing positively. I tell you I am only tho boy in this establishment, and am not trusted 'with the family seorots. I know that I used to ohaff Ned about boing my brother and ho liked it, and all at onoe it was asmuoh aa ray life was worth to venture a hint at BUoh a' thing,' I telt rather ourious to see these young men who were to meet on iriendly terms under such pcouliar oiroumstanoos. The low son wob shining in the drawing-room window at Worrimona when Mrs. Pemberton introduced me to them, and my first idea in oonneotion with either waa that I was diaappointod in Kingsley as a huBband for the.«iueenly Evelyn. He was simply a lair-haired and empty-headed boy, full ol chattor and vanity, good tempered doubtless, and proud ot his beautiful ^fiti-iwct', but no more suited as guide, guardian, nna companion to Bueh a woman than a school boy ol twelve. ?'?'.. Edward Corwyn was a totally differont stamp of man. I daresay he waa twenty seven. He was tall and strongly built, yet gentlemanly— nay, distinguished looking. I have seen suoh a man in a cavalry regiment, with a sword in his hand, and tho air of one born to do great doedB. What oould be the soorot inQuonoe that forced Evolyn Pember ton to discard to suoh a man for a common place boy auoh as Chariie Kingsloy ? And yet whon I had engaged in conversa tion with him, and been some time in his com pany, I began to think that tho grave gentle ness of Edward Oorwyn might hide a terrible will and fierce passions. Not that ho revoaled this in words, bnt I onoe or twice saw a flash in his oyea, as they turned towards Miss Pemberton, that haunted me. In his imme diate attention? to her he was only the smiling and attentive old sohool-lellow, and he treated Kingsloy aB a man would a favoured brother, lightly and halt mockingly it : was only when he momentarily lorget hia ruin that I bow the dark grey oyeB flaBh with an ominous fire. I watohed Evelyn olosely, but saw nothing to guide me as to her leelinga in the dignified oalm of her beautiful lacs. She accepted the attentions oi her intended in a queenly way that seemed natnral to her. Her grand oyea were turned on him, on Corwyn, or on mysolf with tho same quiet smile. She was like a beautiful pieoo ol mechanism wound up to play a eertain part, in whioh it was impossible she should fail. Onoe or twice I saw the mother's eye glanoe anxiously towards her, and onoe I saw that Evelyn's eye met those of hor mother, and an swered the anxiety in them with a smile. It was a tame evening altogether, in spite ol the young people's music, and I was glad when I got baok to Albert's room, and waa once more seated by tho open window, look ing out at the moonlight lying in patohes on the mountains, and Bilvering the nearest foliage with gleams among the shades. I was contrasting the solemn quiet of this night scene at Werrimona with the glaring gas and noisy streets ol Melbourne at that hour, when the door opened and my young friend Albert entered. ' I guessed you would not be sleepy Sin olair,' he aaid as he dropped into a ohair op posite me, 'this is an early hour lor fel lows used to town life. I won't be in the way, eh?' . ' Not at all,' I roplied. ' On the contrary I am glad ol your companionship. This ? ' and I pointed to the gloomy shadows among tho silent hills ' is depressing to me— it is like a land of ghosts.' ' Aye, after town it in quiet. But Sinolair I've got newB lor you— our wedding ib to oome off sooner than we expeoted.' ' Sooner ? ' 'YeB, you know it was settled tor the 20th, but it seoma that Charlie has business press ing in Sydney, and he's coaxed the mater to let the marriage take place on Christmas eve.' ' ' And your eistor baa consented ? ' ' It seems so. 1 didn't know it until to-night, but it seems everything has been put forward. By Jove its a good job I brought my war-paint up with mo alter all I' ' You are to bo boat man, ot oourao? ' ' Yea, and Misa Emeraon is to be brides maid. It's not Charlie's fault that it's to be such a quiet allair — he, poor follow, would willingly have spent no end ot money on it, but its one ol Evelyn's lads that she's to be married like — like a machine girl by Jove 1 ' I hoard a good deal about the arrangements before Albert left me, and I sat thore thinking over them and enjoying the quiot. long after the household had retired. The rustling of the lonely branches on the darkening hill-side had a weird attraction lor my unncoustomed ears— tho voiceless air breathing on my lace seemed to bring new life into my voina, yet withal even my hardened aoul folt, aa I had told Albert, a solemn depression that waa hall fear in the lonely night scene among the Wer rimona Hilla. I had risen, and was about to close tho win dow, whon I saw a woman's form gliding among the busbeB a little diatanoe from the baok ol the house where my room waa, and I naturally stood still to watoh. I had no light, for I had put out the lamp on my first en trance, so as to enjoy tho full beauty ot the calm moonlight. Tho woman did not go far, she stopped under a tree a little way up tho side of the bill, and was quickly joined by a man. Tho latter was tall, that was all I could be oortain ol, though my eyes were keen from years of detective duty, but tho woman I had a nearer view of before she disap peared. The intorview was a short ono, and the female hastened baok towards tho house. Once she turned to look baok and satisfy herself that her companion had gone— it was as sho turned again and moved that her faoe and figure orosBod a ray ol moonlight and I aaw them both. It was a short, native girl of twenty-three or four, apparently one of tho maids, and diaguBted with myself for watoh ing a servant's interview's with somo ruetia lover I olosed tho window apd went to bed. I Blept well and was out in the garden be fore any of the family had made their appear ance. Shortly alter, however, I was joined in my stroll by Mrs. Pemberton, who in hor tasteful morning dress of pale blue looked young enough and happy enough to have been tho prospective bride horsell. Sho was evi dently in a happy mood and soon the conver sation drifted to the aubjeot that waa doubtless nearest to hor heart that summer morning. ' You have heard of our change- of plan, dear Mr. Sinolair, has soon as I am to lose my Evolyn ?' ' Yes, Mrs. Pemberton, Albert told me last night. Fortunately it won't bo lor long. I understand that Mr. Kingsley's plaoe is only a couple ot miles away.' ' Yos indeed, it ib most fortuuato lor mo. Apd to bo the mistross tof suoh a house ae Kingsland is a position that 'any mothor might bo proud to goo hor ohild fill.' ?? mibs remDorton would adorn the highest position, my dear madam.' 11 Thank you, and Ido not think I need fear your words aro intendod as flattery. Evelyn is a beautilul woman and a devoted daugh ter.' The poor mother's voico broke as she uttered tho lnot low words, but she reoovorod herself and wont on. ' I do not mind saying to you, who are suoh a valued friend ol my boy's, that Evelyn's choice has relieved my mind ot a great weight. Thoro waa a time when I feared that early associations might have biassed hor affeatians in a loss favorablo direction, arid it ia] a' great relief to me that it has not proved to bo so, lii^'iiliiiii^li A widow, left with but' n poor provision for her dhildren has a.Rre&t; responsibility to contend with ; bat; - thank hcayon, my trdablds are nearly over, Kibgsloy is not only a wealthy young man, but thp doul of gorioroBity I ' ' : Tier troubles nbarly'ovor I many and- many n time otter did tlibso words of the unhappy mpthcr xoa.nr' to my memory. It was the twenty BeoondotDooembor, only one day intervened between ub and Evelyn Pomborton'B wedding ,morri.; At breaklast' that morning thoro was. only tho quartotte, Mrs. Pemberton, Evelyn! Albert and my selt ; ? bat both young KingBley and Corwyn put in an early appeaq'anoei and planB wore lormed to visit Kingaland' and inspect' the improve ments the young lelloW had offootod in honor 61 his brido. I exoused myaell from boing of. tho party on the sooro of my reoont illness' and when I had seen thom ofll strolled up the hill at the book (the 'same whioh fao6d the window ol my room,) and throwing myself on thp warm grass under a tree, propared to enjoy a detimfar MiVnte'wuich a hard-worked D. must of all men appreciate., ' I was wondering if Evolyn Pomborton had been influenced by her mother to disoard Edward Corwyn lor that shallow patdd lad Kingaley; whon I happened to see, shining; amongst tho (^rassjnear the elbow on whioh I was' leaning a stud Bet in onyx. ? My eyes are,} as I'Baid' beforo, professionally sharp, and I recognised it at onoe as one ot a set worn by Corwyn on the previous eveniug. All at onco it flashed upon, me that I was under tho yory tree where I had witnessed the moonlight meeting, and that Corwyn's must have beorj the tall male figure that had formed ono at the appointment. I . Who oould havo been his companion, and for what purpose had a midnight interview taken place ? If for a moment I doubted tho honor of Miss Pemberton and beliovod it vi sible that sho had accorded a clandestine meeting to hor dieqarded lover, -I remembered in the next that tho woman I had seen return to tba houae was short of figure arid vulgar of face end oould not ponsibly have been he). I was going to put the stud in my pooket deter mined to say nothing about it, but tyt my discovery concerning it bo the result of chance, when I saw tho very girl who had hid the midnight appointment coming from the house in the direction of the hill. / An idea that Corwyn might have ntanagad an opportunity to inform the girl ofhis Ions made me drop the stud in the grasb again and riso from the spot belore she Baw me. I did not go iar — I only dropped on fce grass behind a shady oluster ol young she-oaks and watohed the girl. i There was no douht ol it — aho vyas soaroh ing for something, and at last found what she sought, and went back to her housework with a light step and, as she fancied, unobserved. My knowledge now of the laot limt Corwyn was capable ol a low intrigue witH tho servant, of the woman he had once loved damned him at once in my estimation. THe man that oould do so was a low villain no matter how noble or gentlemanly the apjtearanco with whioh he deoeived a shallow world ; when some hours after he sat oppbaitc to me at dinner with thu unbroken set ot onyx studs on bis person, it would not bavo been prudent tor mo to have expressed aloud my sentiments in connection with him. ;' Tho lollowlngday — tho twenty-third— I had almost entirely to myself. The prospective bridegroom had been forbidden to put in an appearanoe again at Worrimona .until the marriage ceremony had . boon performed. Evelyn herself waa, of ooutso, invisible, and Mrs. Pembertpn full of business in preparing lor the wedding breakfast/ and supervising hospitalities. I rambled about the hills moat ot'the day,'with Albert's gun in my possession, though I was not guilty of 'ranch bloodshed in conBequenoo of carrying; it, and I shared a scramble dinner with Pemberton and his mother as ovoning fell. / Mra. Pemborton was in high spirits, and bo naturally waa my friend Albert. ' I'm dead tired 1' tbo latter cried ' and I'll have to turn in early it I'm to faoe the ter rible ceremony to-morrow morning in my beat bib and tucker 1' ' ' We'll all have to iurn in, aa you call it, early ; there ia pler/ty to be done in the morning and wo muat be up botimos.' ' I wonder what Erelyn moans to allow me lor this lot ? By Jovft she has fine times of it hiding away in hor own room while wo are slaving to death I Whatever is she doing, mater?' ' My dear, a young lady on the eve of her marriage has many things to do. She haa to paok tor her trip to Sydney, and to arrange hor wardrobe generally. And yon know Evelyn has no maid, but Milly Werner has been helping hor all day.' Milly Wornor? was that the yonng dame that met Corwyn at midnight on the hill ? il bo a pretty, treaoher oub maid had Evolyn Pemberton ; or aftor all was it a faithful confidant ? I felt very unlike Bleep that night, and knowing tho result of tumbling and tossing about on a sleepless bod for hours was likely to be, I determined not to go to bed at all until I had worn myaelf out Bitting up. It waa about eleven o'olook when I came to thia conclusion, and all the house waa in the most perfoot stillnesa. I had takon a book in which I waa intoroatod into the drawing room early in the day, and the idoa that I Bhould like to iiniah it took poBBession of mo. Believing that every soul in tho house had retired, I took up my lamp, and making as little noise as I could, sought t drawing-room. Tho door was ajar, and tho room in dark ness, save near tho windows, through whioh a flood of moonlight was falling. I had taken possession of my book and was rotreating, be foro I noticed a female figure standing in a window-reoesa with ono of tho drooping lace ourtaina caught and held baok in her hand. At tho firat glance I knew it was Evelyn, there was no mistaking that graceful yet majoBtio form. Sho must have hoard my movements oven at tho moment I saw hor, for Bho tnrned hor face towards me quiokly with a frightened air. Never can I forget that beautiful faoe with tho whiteness of death on it, and almost tho shadows of death boneath the heavy eyes. Lot me try and desoribe her aa I saw. her then, before tho terrible after events made a horror of the memory. She wore a half fitting wrapper ot white aashmero, with a heavy silken cord and tassels tied round hor slender waist and in loopB at hor lolt side. Her golden brown hair was gathored baok in wavy and glossy masses, and f aBtened with a large comb behind, beneath whioh loops and long troaaes toll down oareleaaly on hor shouldera. Her small slender foot, as it peoped from under the oaabinore - skirt, showed a white silken stocking and shoe ol blaok satin ; and that was all — there was not a bit ol laoo at hor lair neok or wriBta, or a ring ot gold on tho porfeat fingers. ''I beg your pardon Mias Pemberton,' I apologised, ' I am afraid I have startled you, Indeed I should not have ventured from my room if I had not believed every soul in tho houso abed, I came lor thia book.' 'Do not apologiso,' she ropliod gently, ' I havo no business hero indeed, and mamma would bo very angry if she know, but I wnntod a— a last look.' 'Oh no, Mias Pemborton; though you loayo home to-morrow it is only lor bo short a tirao that you will not mios it out' of your lite at Werrimona.' 'I do not know' — she returned as sho shook her head Badly, ' I leel a preaentimont that when I leave my mother's home it will bo never to roturn to it again.' ' You aro nervous my dear Miaa Pombortpn, and unaattled, whon tbo sun shines on your wedding morning you will lorgot all thiB de pression. ' ' 1 hopo so,' Somehow J lolt like lingering, though I wbh qnito aware that good taste would have dedi cated my iinmediato retirement; but I had some oxouso while those grand oyes lingorod on mo with a sad Bolomnity thnt Btirroa me to tho soul. Impulsively I advanocd towards her and pat some pi my toolings into wordB. ' Miss Pemborton, do not be angry with me, I ask yon to trust me a, lUi!i. I Mil a« U jhek ???I wW Bomething troubling ydu greatiy-^is thoro anything in tho whole .world I can do Tor . 'There in no ono without trouble, not oven a young* gM Mo «nb,' she answered steadily, 'but my trouble, if I havo ono, is one. of my own malting, and no ono oan help mo. Thank you all tie aamo, dear Mr. Sinolair, some day porhapu-H-' , , , ? ' Homo clay ?' I ropofttod as pho paused. 'I hardly know -what I was' going to ort-( prosB. Ever Binao I lookod first into your faoo I haWtolt as if thoro was 'Borao strange, (Solemn tip botweon.us, aa if one day. my lile,' tny henor or my good name would lioin your haridT' ? A qucor fooling is it not? but I was alway ' n , strange, dreamy girl and never thbneht I would Bo a long liver.' , , f'ttod forbid ' that there should bo any fonnaation for suoh feara I1' I pried earnestly ' bus ft over you plaoo a trust in my hands I will/redeem ifr. faithfully or ilio !'' . ? .??? ('/Thank 'you .'truly. And now let it be larnwell— I shall not havo a moment tospoak to*ou again.' ' , ,??'?? .. fine put her hand in mine as I murmured ?ar God blos0 and make you happy,' and aho lolt there whilo she repeated tho 'Farewell,' that rang in my eats for many a long day nfter; and so I wont book to my obamber leaving her^ atillr by the window, with the iniponlight, streaming on bor.'palo lapo and j white-robed figure, ' ? . My book was aftor all of no valuo on that night— tho last that should fall on peaceful Werrimona with a shadow 61 content. It was far on in the s,mall hours ore I undressed, and then it was to lie and wonder at tho sorrow of the beautiful daughter of tho houso, tho bride of to-morrow. I Blept hoavily at last, to bo aroused by so'meono trying tho handle of my door as if to gain entranoe without knocking. Seeing that the sun was shining brightly I houndod from my bed, threw on somo garments and unlocked the door— tho firat glance of Mrs. Pemberton'a white, frightoned faoo was enough to show mn that .lomothing had happened. ' Oh for tho loco of God come and help me Mr. Sinolair 1' she wlmperod tremblingly, 'Evolyn haB gone : oh toll mo, toll me what I am to do I' ' (tone ; what do you moan ?' 'Lot me in, I don't want to lot anyone know — yet, I wont to her room early, so as to got Evelyn up and ready in time, and I found that hor bed had never been slept in 1 1 havo searched in tho houso and garden — every- where 1 but I oannot find her ; oh God 1 what sballldo?' ' Haa she takon anything with hor? made any preparations for a journey I mean?' ' Not that I can ase — her wraps at all events aro in her wardrobe.' ' Lot ua go to the room, and bo as calm aa you oan my dear lady — if Mias Pomberton is lost we will find her, be assured.' Tho poor woman led me almost blindly to tho chamber of the lost brido, tears of terror and agony rolling over her blanched cheeks. It was a new experience; to me, and a pitiful one, thia entrance to a girl's chambor where all preparations had been made for hor happy bridal morn. There were two beds in tho apartment and both were hung in pure white lace looped with palo blue silk. On the snowy oouuter pano of one of these the bridal garments were spread daintily — a trailing robe of whito silk almost aovered with riuh laoo, tho bridal wreath, tho bridal veil. All tho little acces sories to a perfeot toilet lay in order, tho silkon hose, the white satin boots, the long white glovcB, tho golden and jewelled bouquet holder that had been a gift from tho bride groom. The ghostly atl.ire had, under the oiroumstanoea, a woird look— it was aa if a dead bride had slipped from her wedding gar ments and left them to lie there in. her form. I saw the mother's hands claspod in pitiful woe aa she glanced at thom, while I made my own observations on the state of things. It was as poor Mrs. Pemborton had said, not an article of outdoor attire waa missing from Evelyn's wardrobe, and tho bed waa smooth and undisturbed from the hands of tho chambermaid. From what 1 saw I came' to tho conclusion that Evelyn had not visitbd her room after my meeting with hor the provious night— I was almost certain of this, seeing that hor little watoh hung on ita stand upon her dainty toilet, and that it had stopped at twelve o'clock— if tho girl had returned after that hour she would have wound it. I said nothing of tho meeting I had had in tho drawing-room, but I aBked tho mother it aho had any reason to suppose that Miss Pembor ton did not intend to fulGl hor engagement to Mr. Kingaley ? ' Oh no 1' sho oried I on tho contrary, aho gave me her snored word last night ore I left her here that she would not fail 1 ' Waa a aaorod promise nooessaiy then ''I anked sharply, ' haa it been neoossary to re mind your daughter of a vow on tho eve of an unwelcome alliance? Mrs. Pembnrton, you know I era a detective, if you wish me to help you in thia matter it is necessary for you to put entire confidence in mo — to tell me tho whole truth.' 'Thoro ia nothing to toll I' she almost Bhrioked ' my ohildl my ohild I' I bogan to fool angry with tho woman who it Boomed to me must havo coerced her daugh tor into a woalthy engagement ; I felt leas inolineo to ap'aro her, and related what had passed between Evelyn and myself. ' There was aomo weight on her heart,' I said, 'and some tcrriblo presentiment opprea sing her— can you oxplain it Mrs. Pemborton?' ?'No I' aho oried wildly,'! oan explain nothing, only that my uhild haa loft mo for ever 1 my Evelyn I my Evolyn 1' Her shrieks had aroused tho household, and Albort was in the room with the sarvaut Milly Werner. I glnnoed into thogirl'a face sharply and aaw that sho quailed under my oyo. I drew her aside while Albort heard the sad truth from his distracted mother, and quoa tionod her. ' Woro you awaro that Miss Pomborton had loft tho houso?' ' Mo sir I how' Bhould I know of suoh a thing? I am not even Miaa Pomborton'a maid?' ' You have not anawered my question— did you know that Misa Pomberton had left tho house, or had any intention of loaving it last night ?' 'No!' she answered brazenly' I know nothing about it 1' ' I might find a way to rofrosh your memory,' I aaid sharply. ' Havo you been oarrying any messages between Mr. Corwyn and your young miBtross latoly ?' ' No I havo'nt ' she cried as hor laoe burnod orimBon. ' Your communications with that gentleman woro entirely on your own aooount thon?' Sho grow paloas suddenly as Bho hud lluahed, but answored aftor a moment's hesitation, ' Yea, entirely on my own aaaount 1' ' Tako oaro— I may inako you prove that before you arc many hours oldor.' I heard somo ejaculation like ' impidence !' as I turned and took Albort from tho room, loaving the hysterical mother in tho hands ot the servants. Togothor tho anxious young lellow and I soarohed everywhere in hope of diBoovoring ?any traces of hia sister. There was no uao in trying to hide from tho houaohold what hnd happonod in the faoo of Mrs. Pcmborton'a outories, and ovory Borvant uavo M,illy Wornor wns holping in n search that proved to be vain. When I saw how usoloss it was, it was nearly nine o'olook. ' Wo may deoido that thoro will bo no wedding today I'm afraid Albort,' I Baid, whilo wo partook of a hasty meal. ' It will bo bottorfor you toridooverlor Kingaloy, and send mesBongora to all tho invited gueata that the wedding is poatponod— your mother's sudden illness will bo a uulUuiont oxoubo.' ' Sinolair?' ho returned looking at mo with a great BoriouanoaB in his. young face, ' thia mattor' will bo tho ruin of poor Evolyn— do you think it possible that aho haa run away with Corwyn?'' ? ' . ' I don't think it all likely, since- she haB gone apparently in her wrapper and slippers,' but I am going over to aak. him tho question now,1'. ??,,.;'; .. ..'?/.,, .-. . ?'; ?. . ....-' , '., ;; .; -;. ? ?iyi'i:/.^.\;.!-''vk&-'^ -, ?''.?jfoui'.: ????? '????.?? ' ?'?, V,; v. : ' I : rnysclf— you seom'tp havo' forgotten that I am a deteotivo, Pemberton,. whk could more fittingly Inquire into such a bumnosg?' 'Oh, hoavons, that you should Bpokktol ;? what awlul thing do you uuopcot that you ' Bhould reour to your prof OBBion now?' ' -.'':??' ' Bo a man Pemberton. Bomomber'W . . muoh'ison your flhouldero at this monjtnt. since you are the representative of a helpUtii -? mothor. . Go, and do aB I said— I will boo you my on my rtiturn.'.' .'41 I went. to tho stables, and after having nad. ; died 'a horse for myaolfrrodo on my orrand to ; tho house.1 nf Edward Corwyn. ? ? ,. ? . ; ? .1 know whore, to go, lor the chimneys of Iris. \ iarmhousn woro vieiblo from somo of tho win- ' dows at Wcrriraona and had beon pointed out ' to me. I rode rapidly, and soon rcaohod tho snug looking homestoad amoagst tho treoH that. was oalled Corwyndale. It looking likn the houflo of n thriving man, biit had around - it none of tho elegances of wealth. It was a plain, Bhinglod verandah I rodo up to, and tho door, without knockor or bell, stood wido ' i open to the morning aun. ??.,': I knookod loudly with my whip, and soon a : comfortable looking dame who lookod like an upper Borvant mado hor appearance. In reply to my wiah to aeo her master, aha told mo ho waa dressing tor Mibb Pomberton's wedding, bat on my Bonding a messago that my buHi nesB was uruent, I wits shown into an unpre tending parlor,. Whero in ft low moments I ' was joined by Edward Oorwyn. Ho was ' most perfectly dresBod, with the e'xoeption of the glossy frock ooat ho oarrled in hia hand, ? ' and no man could deny that a finer looking ??' lellow it would be hard to' produce in any land. ?.'??'? . . .?' ? ' Mr. Sinclair I'1 he oried in surprise as ho extended hia hand, ' you are not the leas welcome, that I was far from expecting you. I pray .you to excuse my incomplete toilet — tho wedding you know ; but, had it not been .,, for a lost atud I boliovo I should have been . half way to Werrimona by thia.' * ' i A lost atud 1 I looked at the broad, glossy, immaculate shirt, and aaw indoed that thore . was ono atud missiog, and.from the Same onyx sot too 1 I did riot take the hand whioh he doubtlosa fancied I did not. see, and he went on smi lingly , .....; ' I'm not rioh onough to have a second sot, : .? Sinolair, and I'm very unlucky with thia ono. Only yesterday I rocoverod one of the studs I had lost tho previous day, and now it is gone again— something is the mattor with the oatch. Well, Mra. Kingsley, that ia to be, will not observe its ahapnoo.' . , . ' No,' I ropoated ' BhS-sv.jll not ohser^atB ^, absence.' ? '* *' ! jg ? Something in my tone perhapB, . or in my ' / eyes that were steadily fixed upon him.Beemed to affeot him — ho grew pale down to tho very lips under his military looking mriuata'cho: ' You look strange, Mr. Sinolair,' hoaald, ' ' ia anything wrong.' ' I oamoto ask you t'.ut question Mr. Ocr wyn. Miaa Pomberton has dieappoarod Iron . Werrimona, and no trace of hor oari bo d:a coverod. Can i/mi toll mo where ahe ia ?' ' L ? do you mean to i' limjair? What Bhould / know of MisH I'emborton's disap pearanco?,' 'I understand that atone time you would have beon the mont likely of all persons to know of Miaa l'emberton'd movements.' ' Aye, at »;»? time I he aaid with bitter om phasia,';tho time whon Evolyn Pemberton wbb : my betrothed wifo, and had not been temptad by a weak mothor, and another ' man's goll I But that time has passed sir, and thank God I have for/jotton it 1' , ??.?.' He did not look aa if be had forgotten it, : standing there with his hands clenched and hia eyes blazing — ho did not look as if he wodd evor forget it ahould bis term of life extend a hundred yeara I ' I don't know who haa boon kind enough to tell you of ray folly I ' ho went on, ' bat he haa not told it well, or you would better have judged tho man you cnino to aak for til ings of Mian Pemberton. Edward Oorwyn ia ?, not the weak minded fool to be once/ dii carded and lured back to hia allegiance by a soft look. If there waa not ? another women in tho whole world and Kvelyn Pembcrten knelt to me to make her my wife I would spura her aa I do that bound I ' . It waa impossible to doubt the man's leel inga aa he Htood there, hia dark handsome fa-o distorted with terriblo paaaion. Aa ho apurncd with his foot tho dog that had come into tie room with a morning wolcomo for his maatir in his faithful eyes, the passion of a fiend w;s I olonohod in Corwyn'a hands and flashing «d , ' I in hia awful gaze. . ? ?; : I turned towardB the door, but he placid himself boforo mo and spoke in a meariiig tone. ? ; ? ' Stop if you pleaBe. I may aurely expect - *?' to bo told by what right you take upon your- i . . aelf tho right to aearoh for Miss Evelyn Peri- ''* '' bertou ? Aro you thon, without my heini! aware of it, aomo oloso oonneotion of .tht family ? Suroly you will favour me with i little information on the, to mo, at present dubious point? ' ' My name ia Mark Sinolair,' I said a; I lookod him steadily in the faoo,- ' ani I am Senior Deteotivo in tho Metropolitan Force of Detectives. Is there any other in formation you would like me to- Bupply yoi with ? ' Hia face grew pale as I answered him, bit ho laughed mockingly and bowed. ' I was not aware that I had a visitor -t such importance. An n-vair Mr. Sinolai'. Aa aoon as I can ohango my droaa I will rifl over to Werrimona and see if I oan he of aw ' aorvioo to Mrs. Pemborton.' : .-.' Aa fully oonvincod that Oorwyn Unowaom fchitiR of tho girl's disappearance as that ' breathed I roturnod to Werrimona. I was & a loss what to do, aa there;was not a magi; trate within many miles, and I oould profl nothing against Corwyn that would exouS ' my arresting him without a warrant. Oii thing I oould however do— I oould try o frighten Milly Wernor into a eonfeasion ( oomplioity Bince I Had myflelf soon hor in boy sultation with tho man I suspected. ? ' ? Ono may imagine tho state of the houe) hold on my roturn. Mra. Pemborton h« broken down utterly, and a medical mating been sont for. Young Kingaley had arrivJ, ''A ?{ and wob roaming about tho house in a he)- I leas, limp way, looking, I suppose, lor hisldt. \ brido in corners that had been soaraheda dozen timoa beforo. The men who had ben dospatohed to mako enquiries in the noip bourhood had roturneJ with young Pombij ton, and no diBOovery had been made. ) My firat inquiry wai for the girl Wernbiv-. aho was in hor own rpom. I walked straigit to it when it had boei pointed out to mot it waa a Httlo attic Chamber — and kriookd sharply at the door. There wan somo Rhtf fiing inside', and thus the girl opened tie door. I pushod her )aok, wont in, and loolt'd tho door bohind mo. I ', At first sho attonutod a Httlo shriokinj, ;t)Ht sho had not tiraoto indulge in muoh cp I had my handouffa (jiaapod on hor wrists, $ is f wonderful what; an effect the touch if that kind of oold ateii has on a coward, sb waa instantly silent, though with hor whiJ ?Hp3in a dotormined [igidity over her shati tooth. I ' ''.-' j ' Now.' I said, ' Vill you toll mo what ya and Corwyn havo -bno with Miss Poinbe? ton?' j t : ' No I won't I ' bId hiaaed, ' who aro yo ' todaro?' „ i ' Oh thoro is no drjng about it my deal I 1 am simply a dot ;ti\;o in pursuit ol ni, duty. ' 'i'ori won't oil mo, oh ? it isn't yo* fiin't then?' i ' It /v I oan't 1 I enow nothing about. i(| how oan I toll you 'hat I don't know? Talii oft thceo things I tf ;o them off I oay, or 1'j eureeoh and alarm 10 houao ? ' ( ' Soreoah away my beauty— I've a ga! about me aomowlue. Oh I you were pabl! ing up whon I into rupted you, oh 1 youweri going to make a bejt of it were you ? ' 'i I waB going to leave— yes, I told Mrfl ' Pemberton I waa, t\& why shouldn't I if' liko?' ' ; , 'Beoauflo /don' like raydoar. Novv^fei !'''-'' ,:??' ' '' ? ?''? ' - ' ^ , ' )/: v y-'.y ? ' : ?'?? .-'?,?? ''?- , you goiiig'ko toll me ^UeVa-MteB' Peru'berton is?'1'..'. ' '. .-' .'.r?vi'\: « ?.''?? ^'l':'-1.''- ?'??'.? ; 'I djnV knowl I declare to God 1 don't , knowl'. ?;? ,' \ '.?':: ? ?.'??,?'' ' ? ' Not whore buo is now' perhaps, 'but you oan tell « eood bit tuat will holp ua to lind her. What had Oorwyn to Bay to you that / night you mot him on tha hill, and what did he givo when you, returned him tho stud ho ? had lost? Ootno now, it will bu better for you ; to malto ft clean breast ot it.' I ' I won't I sop that now 'I you may kill mo ! and I won't I Since you know bo muob, ro and 1 ask Mr. Oorwyn hirnsoH— you'll ltnow nothing from mol ' . . ' Vory woll, until you chango your mind you will rainain n prisoner in thin room. If you have not oomo to your senses by tomor row morning I'll earn'1 you in to Worrimona look-up.' ' While I had been speaking I had been ex amining the littlo window — it was impossible to esoapo from it. I took the 'key out of tho door and aho mado a rush to try andeseape as I opened it. ' Let mo hear ono bit of noise and I'll Rag you,' I said ns I pUBhod her baok. ' 1 'II bring you some prison rations tuwardHuvening, and if you have oorur. to your soneus I'll hoar wh&i; you hayo to say.' But she said nothing. When 1 returned at night she was sitting on her bed with a aul ]on, determined look on her dark fuse, and would not oven reply to mo when I addressed her.' ? ' You have been well bribed my lady,' I thought, ' but tho sight of tho policemen I'll gfvoyou in ohargo to-morrow will may bo loosen your tongue.' , j I waa wearied out, body and mind, and was | asleep almost as soon aa I was in bed, and I must havo drowned almost as soon as I slept. i It seemed to mo that I saw Uvolyn again, as'I i aaw her on tbo previous night in her trailing : white dross ; but the hair among which tho moonbeams hail reBted was hanging down ; almost to her waiat, tangled and dishovelled. In the groat oyes, too, there Boomed an awful ; glassy stare, and the white hands seemed '. atreichod out ontreatingly towards me I I Struggled myself awake as if from a night ' raaro, and for a second of timo after I opened my/eyes I scorned to see tho shadowy outline of a form between me and tho window. I sat, u n bod to satisfy myself that fchero was no hing but space where I had imagined that snipe. ? ? , ; 1 [ shall have a relapse if my brain does not get a real,' I thought us I renolutely turned my faco to the wall and shut my eye^. Just tbei I heard the clock in the hall strike ,..,tw-We— it was Christmas morning, almost '?' i same hour in which last night Evelyn had 11 ka 1 to me her last-!' Farewell ?' : n a few moments I slept again, and again I - reamed, but this time my dream had aomo no ? features, and was peculiarly vivid. I saw E elyn gazing at me.reproaohfully, aud I re oalod my promiflo as though she had thenre po ited it with her shadowy lips. ' If over you pi oo a trust in mo I will redeem it faithfully or die ; ' that was my promise — had she oomo . toolaim it? :?' ?' ' ' [n my dream I gazed at tho misty form and m :t the awful and glassy eyes. She seemeld to stand near a window as she had done last nl ht in the drawing-room, but .this window w a smaller, hail' broken panos' and tangled fo iago waving long sprays outside it. ?' Inside to i the woortwork'looked old and broken and ni i of the perpendicular, and tho floor upon w ich she .seemed to stand was broken and di colored. ? . v. ' ? L'his time when I awoke in a shudder I t-( indod from my bed and dressed myself— I .ao ild no more have lain still after that re: pe ted dream than if . I'had seonF.velyn in ?th flesh and she had called me to avenge her. Tlat she had mot with foul play I was oon vi cod, and I went softly to Albert's room fti I awoke him— it was not hard; to do, he st rtod up fearing some fresh trouble awaiting ' Albert ?' I asked, ' is thero anywhere in t! is neighborhood an old, uninhabited house, vt th broken windows and .-? wild creeping p ints growing around them ?' ... - ' Yes, Colonel Hussoy's ..old ; house,' ho & awered, ' why do you aBk?' ! -' '.';?-. '?-;.' 'How far is it from this ?' ,-' ?'Undor a mile.' ' (iot up and dress yourself my, friend, you a d I must go to that old house within tho h ur,' and as he was dressing I told the poor felow of my dreamland air I .feared' that .G rwyn had done.!- ' , ??'??.'??? 'You must be'' brr/o to meat tho worst, ta ,' I said, ' it-would kill your mother totell ? nt ? tuo trutn it itjs as bad as I fear.' ? . . ? Ve had provided ourselves with oandles ftr, 1 matches, and easily made our way into th last decaying timber house. I went straight , to rard the room that had the broken panes — i\ jth while-faced trembling youth following me '-' *J.!cl(3ely. , A singlo look?at tho window showed ^ ni( the counterpart of what I had seen in my / d 'iam, only tb;U thero was not oven the s ikdow of lost Evelyn to remind me of my d? bmise. Holding a candle in my hand I ii Dked round the room, and then low on tho i- oken floor lor traces of feet or marks to ,1 ove my foars not unfounded. I discovered it em; on tho very spot where Evelyn had 3 3med to stand Corwyn's for the second time lli it stud was lying and there were spots of b 30d where it lay I Without a single hope now we searched th9 h une vainly, until I disoovered -some loose b ards in tho flooring of a small back appart' nint in which the roof had given way and' $ rtially faiienin ; the boards were lifted, and ?' itl irolay tho form of -Evelyn Fomburton with ?3( ae folds of her stained tobo oovering her di id faoo ! When the first burst of the poor in ,h6r's horrified sorrow wob past we lifted Hi fair form, oarriod'into the best of the si iiusand laid it decently on. a. table that h ppened to be there, we could do no morn a til we proourod means and assistance. Wo w re returning in awful silonae,' leaving' the vi Urn of revenge alone in the ruined house b- lind us, when the loud neighing of a horse in the bush not far away attracted my atten ti n. It was a Btrange neigh, half squeal, as if he animal was in pain, and we turned our ii- MS in the direction of the sound. We found a ay horse entangled by the bridle in some ... ac ib, with a broken saddle beside him near -' {T ft -R. ' ? ' J This Js Corwyn'fl llorao 1' cried Albert, J- as ho dismounted and roloased tho horse, ?* wl ) took advantage) of his liberty to scour th )ugh the bruBh I'hnraoward ; nor did wo tn lblo to follow him', for his master was lying ? On Inaf t-\in \nn In o ?n*-iij1infl linnn OVidnflfiv br Uhing his last. ( j stooped and raided nla heavy head to my fa i, and aa I did ho ho tiponod his eyes, fixed ilb m on my faoe mid kiuw me. I've had myr/cvent! you fleo, and all is '«. 1 1' he murmurted, ' In- will play no man tm «againl' and ^a wni dead — almost' with ,a mile on his mu^deroi nJipsl 'he Btoryofmy dren mis told — lot the faith He ; maid Worntr^lrop oilt of it like tho worth lie 3 thing she wac. I fippose I must do her tt ; justice to buliovo thiii when sho persuaded .l£ elyn to grant f/onvy i that lant meeting, fll ! never draamoi of njimier. Wo had un to tunately no ho'td on her, no she went free a -J out of my Bi^ht for cW. )'. My friond Albert is niiater of Worrimona U a iw, and has a fa.mily oflfair ohildrent grow \- h s up wound him. The eldest ho has named V lU lCvolyn,' in nimnory oi hin loBt slstor, and a motimes 1 fam.y the -girl has a look in her' ?p est (irenmy oyos of tlio murdered bride. t larley Kiugolej did riit break his heart, tfeough ho grioveil loaf? lor Kvolyn's tBrriblo loss, now there nro aapjly children alao tyt Jiingaland that tear his rtime, . . |Mrs. Porabertonia doad If she [olt romorao fdr . influencing/her daupliter to doooivo tha njjt.ii uho loved, and nocopl ono she oould nut Iqyo lot! tho sij/lia of hid wealth, she never s.iid «£, but cirri^d I he oearotbl her sin with her to the gravp, I / ''.' _' '' ['' -'- ? : BBxcit/eihent. rightly iHreelcd, furnisliea ?nlUiy.';ni- tiru-|/i-u'(!i' i'- lurry humanity for ?Ijinl. Withonl,- oxcitonlsiib wo shoniiiho a ??All, jililcgmulic, tiiunteri.ting, unpioutablo 