THE QUEEN BEE, IITT"Y'S JOYFUL THIANKSGIVING. DY SARAH D. ODiARTi. CHAPTER I. " Five and four are nine and eight are eighteen," .counted Kitty ab stractedly, as.sho set the hot pies on the broad pantry shelf. A low, sarcastic laugh came from the depths of the great arm chair, where Ross Chamberlain was lounging with' liowspapor in his hand. " Wonft you sona me a copy of your new arithmetic when you publish it, Kitty ?" he asked, in a bantering. tone. "That will do to go with the s-ectroscopic views you told me about last evening." "Well, I wasn't the one who spoke of Dr. Holmes as the author of the ' Bigolow Papers,' anyway," re torted Kitty, taunted beyond en durance. " Ross Chamberlain, I, for one, shall be heartily glad when your vacatibn is over." SRoss threw down his paper, straightened hunmself up and bent a pair of keen black eyes searchingly upon her. "You don't mean that Kitty ?" "BUit I do," answered the girl, passibonately. "I have never known eso unhappy a time as these last six weeks. If my ignorance is so annoy ing to you, why do you seek my society.? You can find plonty of g irls who have had better advantages. "Am I to blame that my life must be spent 'in the kitchen instead of the schoolroom,whore I would like to be ? I am?doing my duty; I please father and the boys, and that is sufficient. Yeou presume too much on our friend ship, Mr. Chamberlain, when you take it uponyourself to tutorand criticisomed in that contemptuous fashion. You are at liberty to go where your fine sensibilities will not receive such alscks," and Kitty took up her egg beator and attacked the innocenh yolks with an energy which throat ened to demolish them,-. " You'll be sorryfor thisbefore the week' is oU, 'Kitty Priyno, and vlied you'wani me ubac? i)ut remember that you sent me away.' . . Theo young man ros'e o his fdet,; pt on his hat and overcoat and stalked down th~ patl?, the personificiation of offendcd digity.: : \- Ititty's lp 'quevered as else she s nthe tall form moving. steadily along :boe tween the rows of leafless lilacs' with" iout' noe repentant backivwa~id': glance. Already her heart was longing for re. conciliation, but pride forbade her to r.ecall him. "iHe will come to-morron ," "sh .said with a sigh. I' H"e will not failt6: cat his Thanksgivinig dinner with us; it wouldn't be- Tlhanksgiving without Ross." .Sho wiped away her tears and turned again hopofully to her work. .. It lead been a. weoarisome, trying day; outside a gray mass of clouds hung gloomily over the bluffs, and 'thelkeen winds sweeping across the prairis now and then whitoning the hollows with sudden flurries of snow. ,There had been an' extra amount of Swork to do in preparation for thanks giving;, which was always celebrated' by the Payne family in royal style, as minnumerable, army of aunts, uncles;, and cousins responding gladly to the annual' suimmons to the capacious homisesteaid. Kitty' had risen unro freshed, from disturbed and troubled sleep, and was poorly proparecl to en counter the toil and vexation whicli lay befdorb her. SIt began directly aftcr broakfiasts while she was rolling out the 11aky-' crust for her pumpkin pies. 'Aunt Sabrina, who ad lately Sbecome a member of the family, was washing dishes at the sink op posito, giving voice now and then to an ejaculation whichl Kitty had learned to interpret as the signal of d coming storm.. In the few months Sduring which her aunt had been her companion the "girl had learned to Sdread her relative's sharp tongue and Sshrank from imparting her confidonce Stoher. - • "What's that Chamberlain follow 'hanging.'round hero for all the time ?" she demanded sharply, setting down the milk pails.withl a savage crash! " f, I hiope you haven't got the ideainto Sour headtiit lhomcans to marry you, • Klitty ? · · .... , . i. '.-I Tho girl's face turned froin crimsoni to deadlypallor., Was it hot ? oiougi to battle constantly against her own doubts and misgivmings withlout having to endure, her aunt's cruel thrusets She 'mdideo no reply, but bent her' head alittle lower over her work, as with -"quick ldeft fingers she filled the tins for the oven. Aunt Sabrina's. keen eyes were ,flxed-pitilessly .upon her, and she saw that the shot had told. '"'Now, it's easy enough to seeob," she Swent'on, flourishing her. dish; -clotlis'' by : way . of emplhasis, " :that he "'feels himself: a .hdip .abboe:'you. .~He's always twitting yqu with" your countrified ways; and-with .his. being educated, which; the land -knous,.you ain't. I attonded 'select scbhoobl myself When I was a girl, and ,an tell a scholar as well as the next one. -But that don't make .it thatyou Sain't too good for him thoebest day he :ever sabw, and. hero he is. morning; noon,'and night, all over.the house :,from ~areot to collar, holpipg.himself ,to freed cakes and cookies in the .. pant-, like oilo' f.the family,. and Seittinff'right down here in the kitchei to bofier, no mantor ihow busy we are. And the neighbours'toll me its beeoon going 'on so fqr the last five years. How. do you .suppose .it's going to 'end: ' You can't look me in-the face, Kitty P'Payneo, and say he's over . asked you to'have himn':". . - N o,- Kitty could not;. and the faint, I?sick feelig -lher aunt's words pro .'duced :paled her 'lips and drow', 4ark ':edet&i; a.rund her eyes. F?ortunately ,theentranc of the young gentleman :,.n: ~istiin :spjard her the hninilia ':tion 'f replying, but.. she- knew the evil day was only postponed.' Aunut Sabrina was not to be ballmed when once stasted on a-scont. .. For the first- time in lirlife'her heart was throbbing with indignation against Ross, while he, lazily lying back in the easy chaii, was inwardly wondering why it was that of late he could never have Kitty a moment to himself. I-lo was very certain that hie should not be satisfied with a wife •whoso highest ambition was to excel in household dutieso, oven though she were sweet and lovable as Kitty Payne. He hoped that if he ever made up 'his mind to marry her, which, indeed, was extremely un certain, he could teach her to dress a little more like other people. She was always neatly and tastefully attired, but his critical eye detected the absence of certain effects, which denoted thatthe fashion magazines wore infrequent visitants at, the Payno homestead. An elegant, stylish wife would be an invaluable' help to a young lawyer starting outo onhiscaroeer. The "Hannah Jane'" element was greatly overrated. Madgo Sullivan, his esister's Chicago friend, was more to his taste. Kitty must be reminded of her little fail ings; yet she was a dear; good girl after all, and Ross' face softened as he glanced toward her. She would not meet his eyes; she was trying to steel her heart' against him, It was so cruel, so unmanly, urged pride, 'for him to place her in so perplexing and humiliating a posi tion. He had been her devoted lover, her constant attendant since they wore children. There was not a plan for his future, a hope of his life, which he had not confined to her. Heo had been 'faithful, tender, arid kind, but he had never asked her in so many words to be hisiwife. Until the'past year she had never doubted him; but now the village was full-of rumours concerning his attn tions to Madge Sullivan, a Chicago beauty and heiress, :his sister's school friend..Pitying glances were cast upon Kitty as she passed her girl friends at plaoes of amusement whore her rival received the lion's- share of her lover's attentions. She felt that she was neglected, and Aunt'Sabrina's rude touchi had torn opcn a raw and quivering wound. Ross walked honieward mdody'~.id indignant. He had been treated·with gross disrespot he ho editated, as he went along. ' Kitt?' was assuing" a neir and uncomfortable :role, and to punish her for .her 'impertinence, much as he enjoyed her cookery, he should 'absent' iinself from her' thanksgiving dinner unless she made him a suitable apology-, That evon jig he relieved: :his feeling biv'd?Ash ing o0ff some "r'saeSti" verass'," for which .he had: a special talet, Land, inclosing them in a blank envelbpe,' tossed them intb hise desk, fully, per suaded that the next morming would bring him ·a p?nltent little note in Kitty's clear chirogaphy. But the note did not come; Kitty vas too, deeply huirt 'to proffer any flag of truce. She wentfrom room to room putting the curtains into more graceful folds, rearranging the' books and triflds on the ma'ntel and tables and filling the great blue vases with masses of snowy. chrysanthemums. All:the while.she was listening and waiting for the advent of her lover and a chance step upon the walk sent the blood surgming to.her cheek. The ovening came. at last. Ross had not come; he' would never come again, something told her; and going to hor room she gave herself up to an agony of weeping. If Ross had cared, if there had been the smallest rem ant' of the old' love remaining, he would havo been with her before this, anxious for reconciliation, taking the blame upon himself 'in his old frank,: generous way. No, it was as' the neighbours said;' another had sup-: lanted her in his regard, if indeed he had ever cared for her as she had so fondly imagined. "Here's i' letter for you, Kitty," called Aunt Sabrina up the sitairway. "It's from Chicago, and niust .be something pretty important, I guess, fbor it's got two stamps. on it. Read it quick, and let us know who it's from."' .She took the letter, thankful fbr the dim light which concealed her tear-stained cheeks and swollen eyes, and readas follows: ' . GIc.ao, N6v. 26, 18- Mv DEAR ConsIN.-I have boon trying to think whom I could call upon in the prsoent omorgonoy, and ind there is no one but your ownkind, helpful, oheorful Slf. ' Yousr'poersis' tent refusal to visit me will not; beraccepted nbw, for I bapponto know that your anoient 'Aunt Sabrina is at hand to take your plato at thoe housohold helm. Bu]o to bcgin attho be. Conaug out o tof theaf thot a feo w evenings since I had theill-formtuns to sprainmy ankle; The physician warns me thatI shall be a closeo prisoner foir several weokse, and'theo thought appals me.; Pod 'ins 'at the office the 'livelong? day, and the lonoliness is 'unbearable. 'My onlyhope is that you will be miindfl, ehiosugh of your oousinl'dutyto come, like the beni. ficent fairy thatm you are, and save me from dysmg of encu'. : Here followed several. p.aes : of' family and personal matters, in which tho:e reader ha no interest. The letter' closed in'this wise:--. "TSking:your 'assent foi granted, Iidlo a hoeqiue to defray your. travellig xpoBses. eMover mind ab your wardrobe; there will be time enoiugh for that after you are here. Don't wait to writoibut telegraph me and start at once. Your affootionatoe oesin, ' BurRor HRE Eg. : Another day haid passed, .and, thinking Kitty sufficiently punished, Ross adorned himself in his best, and leisurely proceeded 'to the farm house., Aunt Sabrina, meagro and belligerent,as ever, answered his knock. " ":Is .Kitty, at home??' he quoried anxiously, something:in the spinster's appearance daunting him. : , She went to Chicago this mornimung on the nine o'clock train,", curtly au swered Aunt Sabrina, watqhing· with delighted eyes the effect of her coin munication. .. \- 'K itty gone !. andwithout consult ing me i" gasped Ross,forgettinghiinm self in his astonishment. " And why should she cbnsult you'l asked his 'tormentor.-" What clim have you on Kitty Payne, or .wham t right to cntrol her movements ?" Ross grow pale; "he :drew himself' up-- haughtily, -andi without ..doigniig to ansvwer, secured Kiitty's'addriss adnd beat' a precipitate retreat. He Wirei?t directly to hils room, and, seated iathis desk, indited a 'manly ianid. tnder opistle,, td' the absent one, blaming himself'. severely.' for the misunder itaiding between them and i'iaking her thb, formal- offer of his hand and heart. ,"Porget and forgive," he pleaded. "I know my. own heart at last, and it tells me that without my little friend and sweetheart life has no happiness for me." eBo folded the letter and' slipped it into the enveolope. The entrance of a younger brother disturbed him and he tossed it unaddressed into his desk. Hfad it but ireached its destination, this letter with its freightage of love and ponitence, what a burdon of pain and grief wo'uld have boon lifted from the young girl's sorrowful heart! How many years of hopeless waiting robbed of their, dreary desolation! But it was not to be. When in the dim morning light Itoss went to his desk he took up the envelope con taining the heartless verses wnitten in his anger, whose existenBe.lhe had already forgotten. Addressing it in his bold; free hind he sent the missive upon its way. A few houres later he had said his "good bvyes" to family and friends and started for his new home on thefDakotia prairies. CHAPTER II. Sheltered in.the great bay window, Kitty rocked and sang; the golden curls of the child uponhor lap blend ing softly with her braids oe brown. Lulled by the tender, melody, 'little May had drifted off to dreamland. Mr. Hearne, out in the sitting-room, laid down his paper and listened. "Do you knowrh,i~tthat your cousin has .a wonderful voice ?' he asked presently. , There is no finer conalto' in the city; it is afortune in itself and must be cultivated ;" and good Mr. Hearne, whoso life was so completely filled with the thought for others that he forgot to think for himself, gave.himsolf up to plans and dreams for developingehs young friend's marvellous gift, while 'Kitty, all unconscious, sang on in the tvtwi .lilht. Practical Cousin Ruth-came to the. rescue. She wrote to Aunt Sabrina 'and Mr. Payne letters which inspired them with her own enthiusiasm. ".Iitty had' been a good, kind girl,", her father said. "She had faithfully filled her dead mother's place for many years. ' It was only' right and proper thit"a'"sheo should have a chance for herself; and now that the mortgage was lifted from-the, farm, debts paid, barns and graminaride filled with a plentiful crop, he cobuld' .easily' amid gladly. give her the help she needed.' Aunt Sabrinia .was delightedto take the rule of the houlsehold into her own' hands, and the boys wire willing: to make any sa crificd for the sister who.had ,been. so gentle, patient and self-sacriflcing' with .them through wearisome years, anid so iatwa~ settled Kitty woriked harj d aind faithfully. She amea. td. he ab ah,'rtis ti--not 'an artisan. Observant, docile, piatient, diligent in season and out of season, nb failure ditunted' her,- io sizcdess dazzled her. If herheart was .aching with bitter ]ail the secret was her own, if .sometimeaithe memory of her lover's stinging,- sarcastic words be came intolerable she flung horsolf into her work irith: a passionate abandon whicharboused at oncethe admiration and sympathy of her teachers. Little May and .Cyril,. the babies of. the' Hearne homestead, became her com-' panions and comforters.' T'here was truer, holier affection thji the love of: man, she argued with self and the c]lidre?'s confidence and love sdothed. and inspired her. * *.* . Four years: ,went by; :years of severe labour ,and ceaseless:study. Kitty was now a smlccssful teacher, a' singer always'inm demand in concert' rooms, and parlours, and the Idading contraltbo .in. oned of the 'irincipal churches?. Lovers sought her vainly;. her life was given to her art, she said. In hote'secret sdul she k'lnew that her love Wiras given beyond: recall. Ross 'migh6t prove faithloss, wound her with cruel words or the keener pain of 'itter forgoetfulneis, but she couldnot' change. ... There had beeoon many brief visits to the' old home, the, sunniest spots in these busy yearsi aind now as the Thanksgiving time grew near she was promising herself a generous vacation, a fortnight of rest and peace beneath' her father's: roof. A 'letter.from Aunt Sabrina, which came the' week before her departire, addhd fervour to her resolve.. " Dear Niece Kitty," it ran, "I e'poso I' don't write Very piromptly, ae you nay. hut what with tho baking and churning and leoking after Trederiky--that 'Danieh 1ady as she cals;.horself-will be the death of me yet with her 'airs and her notions, putting onion in the pudding and cinnamon in the potatoes when my hack is turned. Sho's got to go, and, 0, Lord, she's the seventh sinee Christmas. An I was saying,'I'have no smuch to see to I don't findtimetowrite. I'm :glad you're cmofng home Thankegiving. 'Year father'Skind of poodrly, aitd eoisehdsvnbthinig suite him. He wanders round the house pick ifg up your books and notions from the tables, and holding them? as if they were part of'you,"and ho ante looking at year piature for hburs and never s~oaking a ward. Musio is all well enough in tt place, but I think yonr ,duty is at,.home, .Kitty Payne. I never did think mush of a girl's meanderi off thr6gh theoworld in eMtringa'wayie. The plae' by the kiteben fire is ths woman's place, and she doesn't find siythlng better with all her seek "~y tou' evrkow the 'hlnio celf: It's grown tromendanoly, and Deay's colt as a wonder to the whole neigh. hourhood. -I've diled~ -piles of eraht apples andp umpkins,, and we've got the fattest'"gob~lee- fdr? Thanksgiving you ever: saw. I' do hope ' you'll be homa in time to make the doughauts and pumphin pieai, I won't tota my hand over to anybody makin p~ieol but yonr rather's got so notional.' 'N~othtog~taateS an it uoed 'to when' Kitty did the =cooking. -For my' part I'd be glad enough to lot you do.the ! whole of itif' you'd only come. Youer affectionate' aunt, SAnaSmcA PArlN." ' The sweet, safe co, ner of the household fire behind the heads of the children," quoted .Kitty, "with moist lashes.. '"I don't suppose that Aunt Sabrina dreams.that she is almo'st' e poet, but I will go home." 'Then she turned the sheet inidread this pose [script:.- . I almost forget to tell yot that Lou Cham-' borlain-is back "here again yisiting.' They', nay the Chamberlains have done remarkably; 'well since they tomovod to'Dakoto.' Ross is practising law in Yankton,, and is looked upon as one of the rising yoang men of that Territory. That Sullivan girl was marriedf last month to ia Den~er banker ', so it sooms Ross didn't want her, afterall. May be I was a little hard bn him, Kitty, bhtl meant it all? for your good.' Lou says he's grown to he the quietest, solemnost fellow you 'ever 'saw, and that he's far enough now from thinking? that Roes Chamberlain made the world, what ever hia opinion was four years ago. Don't foiget the gray fieannel for your? father's shirts, and if yon can find a bettle of' Sykes' Roeistless. Liniment I wish you'd bring it. They say it's extra for rheuma. tim. ' . Four days lair, inthse gieat farm-. house kitchen, Kitty stood at the' long 'table " :making' ' ples. Aunt Sabrina stalked majestically back and forth," arranging and rearranging the piles of cups and 'plates in the old martial way. Lifo wao a battle for Aunt Sabrisa, but she wielded her weapons with a bravo undauntedheart, and this morning' the ghost of a smile played around the thin lips and faded eyes. Sunshine and cheer had come with Kitty's presence, and the feeble father in his easy chair almost.forgo~ his ailments as he feasted his eyes upon her bright inspiring face. :. A knock at the door, and without a: moment's warning Ross Chamberlaini stood in their nmdst. Ie had grown thinner and paler than of old; there. were lines of care upon his faco and a settled'sadness in Iis dark eyes, '"I have just come from my: father's, Kitty," he began, breath lessly, "where yesterday I came upon this letter written.you four years 'since, which, through some unfortu nate accident never reached its desti nation. I thought you scorned to answer me, and I have lived a lonely, unippy." lfe, and you--oh, Kitty, what have you thought of me all these long years ? Vannot that sad mistake be rectified? Have you grown iso far a?ay-.from me, that all' my love cannot bring you back ?" and scandalised' Aunt. Sabrina, with: a hysterical ejaculation, sped out of the room as "Ross, emboldened by the tears in the 'blue eyes lifted to me, took the aproned, flour-besprinkled little figure into his arms. "May be it's just as well," said Aunt Sabrina,i meditatively, as she piled upthe pans on the broad shelf of the back poichl. "It ain't every woman that's called to single blessed ness, and Kitty always was a soft hearted little thing. Now that Tom 'and .Joe' are going to get married we 'lihouild have to break up anyway. It's time for this family to swarm, and it's just as well for Kitty to be the queen bee and take the lead. And' just to' think how it's 'come about. Laws, it's mostliko. a novel. Iay be the folks that make books don't lie about more than half ,of it, after all. What if, Sy Prentiss should come back after all these years." She flung her' apronbover hier head, and with a half sigh 'ent out to the barn iii search f 'eggs for her'fruit cake. 