POETRY. THE CITY OF IS. [Br M. J. sataqe.] In the weird old days of the long agone Boss a city by the sea; Bnt the fishermen woke, one startled dawn, On the coast of Brittany, To bear the white waves on the shingle hiss, And roll ont over the city of Is, And play with its sad debris. For the town had sunk in a single night 1 And 'twas only yesterday That the bride had blushed in her young delight, That the priest had knelt to pray. That the fisher cried his wares in the street, And all the life of the city complete Went cn in its old-time way. And still the city lies under the sea, With each square and dome and spire Distinct as some cherished fair memory Of a vanished heart's desire, That once like a beautiful palace stood Bock-based to defy the wind and the flood, Time's crumble and tempest's ire. And as the sweet memory, buried deep, O'erswept by the flooding years, Will still all its shadowy old life keep With ghosts of its joys and tears, So still, in the wave-arowned city of Is, The people live over, in care or bliss. Their shadowy hopes and fears. When the sea is rough—so the sailors say— And the sunny waves are green, And the winds with the white-caps are at play, The tips of the spires are seen. And peering far down through the lucent deep, They glimpses oatch of the city asleep, Agleam with its fairy sheen. Or on boats becalmed, when the lazy swells Sleep, lulled by the idle air, They hear, sweet-toned, the low muBic of bells Boll, calling the town to prayer. So ever the shadowy joy of old RingB on, and for ever the bells are tolled To echo some soul's despair. Bach life is a sea still sweeping above Some sunken city of Is— Tbe long-cherished dream of a cherished love That only in dreams we kiss. What yesterdays are sunk deep in the soul Above whose lost treasures to-day's waves roll To mock what our sad hearts miss 1 Oh, the glimpses rare of the submerged past! They gleam in the light awhile. To mock us with visions, that may not last, Of faces that used to smile. And now and then from the busy to-day The echoing tones of the far away Our listening hearts beguile. But not in the sunken city of Is Shall the heart its treasures see. No pilgrims forlorn to an old-time bliss And a vanished past are we; For all the glad music of olden times Is only faint echoes of grander chimes That ring in the time to be. —Harper't Magazine. 