iOHOGS OF iELvBOU rIVi. (BY Tre GIOosT.) The Ministry are evidently bent on keeping their promise to meet Parliament early in June," and barring accidents, which will occur even to the best regu lated Governments, the Legislature will commence its labours on the first day of the month named. Cabinet meetings, at Which the measures to be submitted are considered, are now held almost daily, and have been at times of such undue length that the health of the Chief Secretary and that of the Minister of Mines and Agri culture has not been able to withstand the strain, and both gentlemen are now on the sick list, much to the chagrin of the numerous anxious deputationists from the country districts anxious "to urge their claims to the favourable consideration of the Government, and who have perforce to Ssatisfied with interviewing the per-. manent heads of departments, anid the promise that their requirements will re- i ceive "favourable consideration." This stereotyped answer, officially interpreted, t means that the matter will be hung up, the correspondence in regard to it pigeon- N holed, and nothing more thought of the question until it is once more thrust on the attention of the Ministry by another depu tation. And as "deputationists" enjoy no i travelling privileges, and their visits to the metropolis, while increasing the rail- t way traffic returns, afford local country c magnates a pleasant outing, the practice c of deputationising still continues to flourish f unchecked, albeit the business to be trans acted might in nine cases out of ten be h more satisfactorily and expeditiously trans- c acted by letter at the cost of a sheet of foolscap, an envelope, and a postage stamp. ( Undeterred by their experience of tlhe effects of previous " grandmotherly" legis- E lation, the Ministry have announced their r intention of confining the work of the 1 session to bills of a "domestic" nature. Measures are to be introduced increasing 1 the powers of Local Boards of Health, and i these bodies are to have conferred upon' I them the power of inspecting all articles I of food and drink offered for sale to the public. If we go on at the present rate, I Victoria willo ere long be, if not the best, at a'l events the most legislated for commu nity in the universe. With the hours t during which we may legally supply our I wants at the shops and stores of the colony, and the quality of our meat and drink guarded by a careful body of Government 1 experts, our outgoings and ingoings into hotels and public-houses settledlby law,the ] hours during which it is legal to pursue - our usual avocations defined by statute, our educational establishments, from the 1 State school to the university, thrown open free to all, Victoria will not only be. I come "a paradise to the working man," but for every one within its fortunate boundaries. One of the results of the Deakin-Dow Californian trip is to be a Water' Conser vation Bill, which the Ministry has an nounced as the trump card of the coming session. This is perhaps a wise move on the part of the Government. It is difficult to become enthusiastic over cold water. 1 The late Mr. M'Coll, it is true,' managed to work himself up into a state of excitement whenever the water question was men tioned. But the present assembly is not composed of M'Colls, although a son of the late member for Mandacang occupies his father's seat. Whenever" burning" ques. tions' are introduced and honourable members become excited, the consideration of the water supply and irrigation scheme can be relied upon to cool their ardour. In this aspect the bill may be found a useful one--to the Government. The Melbourne City Councillors have of late been attacked by a severe excess of morality, and because they are virtuous there are to be no more coffee stalls. Hence. I forth the "saveloy all hot," the " savoury mutton pie," the hot roll, and the steaming cup of Mocha, wherewitl tihe benighted traveller of the unaristocratic class and tbhe "early bird," the market gardener, and the homeward bound "comp," who were wont during the "wee sma' hours " to recruit exhausted nature, are to go sup- 1 perless and breakfastless. Because the i police have reported that at times persons not exactly "in the odour of sanctity" con gregate in the vicinity of the coffee stalls, these worlking men's restaurants .are to be improved off the face of Melbourne streets. Petitions are now in course of signature I in the metropolis, asking the civic mag- I nates to rescind their edict. 'The petitions set forth the convenience these itinerant restaurants have proved in the past' to "the working classes." 'But there are others beside tihe early risers and the belated mechanic to whom tile saveloy machine is at times a bloon. Not many 1 years since a popular Mayor of Melbourne was wheeled home on one of these dainty providing machines. Times change, however, and just now 'the mayoral chair is occupied by a gentleman of more austers prinoiples than ;he festive Gate house. In the days of his civic reign the coffee stall was an institution patronised not only by aldermen and councillors of nocturnal proclivities, but even by Minis ter of the Crown, of whom there is a tradi tion that he was seen regaling himself with a hot pie and a cup of the draught which cheers but not inebriates at an hour when the larger portion of mortals are supposed to be in the arms of Morpheus. Victoria is about to reap the fruits of those who "sow the wind.' For years she has, while closing her own markets'to the manufactures of her neighbours,enjoyed the advantage of free access to theirs. ' In the opinion of New South Wales the " settled policy of the country" iniconsequence-or in spite, perhaps-of which Victorian in dustries have grown and flourished. ought to be tried. Any way, what }Mr. Murray Smith, our Agent-General, in 'a' recent speech described as " the doctrine of common sense" is about to be abandoned by our neighbours across the Murray, and a "policy of retaliation" inaugurated. We have no right to complain. And if the sauce that has so long been suitable to i the Victorian goose turnsout on trial to le equally suited to the New South Wales gander, protection will have achieved a fresh triumph and perhaps the way made easier for that federation which Mr. Barry often asserted could only become an accomplished fact when all the colonies df theAustraslaian groupadopted thoVictorian' tariff. If the "new departure" in the direction of taxation has the effect of lringing New South Wales and Victoria into closer union the deviation from free trade paths which Mr. Copeland-who by the way is an old Victorian-is desirous of inaugurating may have about it some compensating good. And who knows but that eventually, when "a policy of retalia tion" is resorted to in 'all the colonies, Victoria may be brought to see the error of her present fiscal ways ? Mr. Berry, with characteristic " chelek," lost no time in..asserting himself as soon after arrival as possible. Immediately on relieving.Sir Andrew Clarke of the duties of Agent-General the late Victorian Chief Secretary .sought an interview with the British Colonial Secretary, jand will now doubtless lay claim to having been chiefly instrumental in rescuing the New Hebrides from the clutches of France. The chlief London organs ofpublic opinion iward the crecdit of having induced Mr. GOladstone to adopt aficrm tone in regardto the French demand for the abrogation of the treaty of ' 1878, guaranteeing the neutrality of the islands, to the represen tations of tlelFederal Council, backed by the "personal infliuence of Sir Andrew Clarke,.and the firm protests, of-.hMr. SMurray Smith." Perhaps now that mFrance, without asking any one's permission, has Sannexed a group of islands' in the SMozamebirue Channel, her adiour-proprs will'be satisfied rand she well be content to Sallow Madagascar and East Africa to have the benefit of oer recidivistes instead of I Austrilina' 'Anyway let us be thankful that the Republic has at last found a refuge for her felony sufficiently far. from our sliorcs to cause us no uneasiness. Care shlould, however, be taken .thlat Francedoesd not proceed too' far in her annexation policy. Ominous reports are'afloat in regard to the proceedings of a Frdneh fleeotin the n harbour of Paputi, !the 'calpital of Tahiti, it and of the seisure of one or two islands Scontiguous to ' this settlement'. :-As ?.i. France has set the exainple she can hardly ll object if England 'follows her lead, and f Admirl Tryon could hardly emrploy his et slips and his time to better purpose than ' hoisting"' the flag that braved a thousand d years the battle and thle breeze" on such of 11 the Pacific islands as we now require, or are d likely to require for the next half century i. orso. S The Melbourne Presbytery has again Sbeen engaged in the congenial occupation e of "baiting" a reverend brother. Mr. o Strong having ;been disposed of and the r case of Mr.. Dods. settled-in caucus-by ef the resolve that as he has proved contu 0o maciops inrefsmeng'to ive.up his sermons, r- he shuouldbe severed from the Presbyterian 1 ' . 1 body, the assembly of. "unco guid" pro ceeded to show howChristians can love one another by taking the Rev. John Hay to task for certain remarks made at a vale dictpry breakfast to the Rev. Mr. Scott, who left for England in the R.M.S. Carth age. Mr. Hay, however, instead of running away from his accusers, boldly faced them, giving as good as he received, and repeat ing in substance his former utterance. After a discussion the reverse of edifying the subject was allowed to drop, the only end achieved by it being to show the outside world how " brotherly love" prevails amongst " the brethren." Apropos of the Melbourne Presbytery one isreminded that a serious breach of the entento cordiale has 'occurred between the Argus and its whilom protege the Rev. Charles Strong. The reverend clericinan after breakfast burst of eloquence saw fit to speak of newspaper writers as "hack scribes" and hired " type setters." To say the least of it this is rather ungrateful in Mr. Strong. But for the Press he never would have achieved notoriety-and a .£3000 testimonial. In a lame attempt to excuse himself Mr. Strong made matters worse, and not only the Argus but the entire Press of Victoria have been turned from friendship to enmity. Mr. Strong has chosen to kick away the ladder by which he climbed to fame and must now be content to fall into obscurity unwept, unhonoured, and unsung and-what perhaps he will feel more acutely than this-untestimonalized. The jubilee just held to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the establishment of Wesleyan Methodism in Victoria should prove a good advertisement for the colony. People will be apt to ask themselves what sort of a community this con be that in the short space of two days can voluntarily give a sum exceeding £20,000 to forward the interests of one particular sect. And the, reply can . hardly be otherwise than satisfactory to our sense of religion, our charity, or our wealth. 