CLIPPINGS FROM THE PAPERS. Terrible Steamboat Explosion.—The London Standard reports a terrible steam boat explosion, which occurred at the West Bute DookB .on the morning of March 8, re sulting in the death of seven men and serious injury to several others. The explosion occurred on board the steamtug Rifleman, which was at the time lying in the West Dock, her captain and crew, together with the pilot, being on board. At five miuntes to 9 the boiler blew up with a loud report,, while all the unfortunate men on board, ex cepting two, were thrown high Into the air and killed on the spot, and the fatal effects of the explosion were not confined to those on board. The boiler, which weighed nearly 5 tons, was blown aloft, and after being carried a dis tance of 400 yards,. descended with great force upon the deck of the Italian barque' Clotilda B. In the course of. its descent it came in contact with, a seaman, and decapi-' tated him, his head being severed from his body as if with a knife. The boiler lodged in the stern of the Italian barque, which was much damaged. A great rent was made in the bulwarks, while the wheelhouse and wheel were smashed to pieces. The funnel and other parts of the tug were hurled for great distances about the docks. The effect of the explosion on those on board was appalling. The captain was thrown into the. air to . a great height. Eye-witnesseB state that they were com pelled to dodge the falling bodies and. the debris which showered upon the quay-side. Some few were not successful in getting out the way in time, and consequently suffered injuries. At the time the explosion occurred, there were six persons on board the tug. Of these four were killed upon the spot, and the other two died shortly after admission to the hospital. The agent of the Eifleman, who wsb an eye-witness of the disaster, giveB the following narrative" The Eifleman came up to the pier-head, where she made fast. Steam was kept vp. for the tug was wanted to tow a schooner out, and orders were expected to back into the dock immediately after 9 o'clock. Most of the men were sitting on the boiler dome in order to keep tbemselveB warm. As I was going away, in order to speak with the dockmaster, I heard a terrific noise. I was surrounded with steam and Bmoke. I could hear pieces of debris falling to the ground, and on looking up I saw a man, who turned out to be the captain, coming down. He was a considerable dis tance up in the air, with hiB face downwards and his hands hanging. The poor fellow alighted on the ground about 40 yards from the scene of the explosion. I did not see the driver fall. I was too much occupied in dodging the multitude of mieeiles which were raining down. Both men must have been blown over the clock-tower." Her Majesty the Queen.—Our London correspondent writes pn March 2G:—"Her MajeBty'e assistance in laying the foundation stone of the new Examination Hall on the Victoria Embankment, to be used oonjointly by the Royal College of Physicians and the Royal College of Surgeons, has given much satisfaction to the loyal denizens of the metropolis, being taken as a sign that Her Majesty will be to them henceforth a more living personality than has been the ease during many past years, for this is her second public appearance among us within two months. Happily Wednesday was one of the prettiest of spring days, and the faceB from r ~ lining the route from Buckingham Palace gates to the southern end of Savoy-place wore a very different expression from that which even eagerness to behold the Queen could hardly dissipate on the dreary win ter's afternoon when the royal carriage passed through ranks of blue-nosed, shiver ing beingB on the way to the House of Lords. A large pavilion with seats for 1,500 persons, rising amphitheatre fashion, so that all could see, was erected on the site of the future ball. Gay .flags fluttered from its roof, and its entrance waB charmingly adorned with tropical shrubB, interspersed with spring flowers in full bloBsom. Her Majesty walked as thrcugh a conservatory on to a dais surmounted by a regal canopy, resting on pillows so hidden by festoonB of fern leaves that they looked like living plants, and sheltering a throne before which hung the foundation-block of Scotch granite, which bore engraved the following inscription'1 Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Empress of India, laid with her own hand this stone March 21, 1886.' The Prince of Wales in Field Marshal's uniform, the Duke of Connaugbt, and the Princesses Helena, Louise, and Beatrice accompanied tbeir mother, who was, more over, attended by a large suite and several members of the Government, including Lord Granville and the Lord Chancellor. The Archbishop of Canterbury was also present to blesB the enterprise with prayer and thanksgiving. There were comparatively few ladies among the spectators, but the scene within the nnrquee was nevertheless a very brilliant one, for the academic robes worn by members of the diflerent Colleges present were varied and rich as a tulip show, and were thrown up picturesquely by the pure white of the choristers from the Savoy Church, who sang tbe National Anthem, and the black gowns with coloured hoods worn by the students in attendance. The President of the Royal College of Surgeons, in scarlet robes loaded with goldwork, was a brave sight as he stood reading from a gold-fringed scroll the address setting forth the good it was hoped to achieve by uniting future medical ana surgical ex. animations. Close to him stood Sir William Jenner as Master of the Ceremonies, with mace in hand. When the Queen had heard the address she took the parchment and banded it to the Prince of Wales, and then read in low but well-marked toneB her own more brief reply, expressive of her plea sure in the work she was about to perform, and her interest in the scheme of tbe new Medical Hall. Her Majesty's chief adviser was the Prince of Wales, who smilingly guided bis august mother's manipulation of the trowel, and when the stone had been lowered to its resting-place ensured the three cabalistic strokes with the ebony mallet which completed the ' well &nd; true' laying of the same. The building is to be in the Itahan style, with an imposing portico, and the materials used will be Portland stone and rod brick. In the afternoon of the same day Her Majesty, who had postponed her in tended immediate return to Windsor in order to give a little more time to tbe recently con fined Duchess of Connaught, took an open drive, accompanied by Princess Beatrioe and a lady in waiting, and attended by the usnal outriders. Tbe party had just started when a ir.nii rushed up to the earrir.se door and threw in a itt'.er. The missive wa* instantly tin own out again by a gillie, and the man was secured, while the Queen, quickly re covering fiom the start she had received, continued her drive, the equerries keeping a little nearer than before to the carriage door. The letter proved to be a begging petition, and the poor fellow who threw it a discharged soldier who has suffered from brain disease, A large crowd gathered about the Palace gates to await the return of the royal party, whom they received with much cheering." Death of M. Grevv's Uncle in a Her mitage.—There died recently in an old hut near Hootowl Pond, near New Haven, a hermit who by many was thought to be an uucle of Jules Gidvy, President of the French Bepublic. His dead body was found by two hunters who were chasing a wounded bear, the trail of which led past the old hermit's little cabin. They broke open the rude door of the hut and.found the dead body of the hermit lying upon a couch of skins. He had probably been frozen to death in the recent cold spell. Little is known of his life. He arrived in Quebec in the fall of 1832, and he gave his name as Pierre Grdvy, and was soon known as " Old Grdvy." He built a small hut near the banks of Hootowl Pond, and he then was named the "Hermit of Hootowl Pond." Fish was apparently the principal part of .his fcod. He dressed in a half Indian costume with trousers and leggingB of deerskin, while a coon's pelt, with a long bushy foxtail, was hiB head- covering. He never touched his head with a pair of shears or his face with a razor. His hair was over 9 feet, and, when loosened trailed behind him on the ground as he walked. But he usually wore it braided and wound around his neck and body several times and tied in a huge bow behind. Hie beard reached below hie waiet, but he caught it up and tied it around a heavy leather belt which he wore, and in which were stuck an 'old- fashioned Queen Anne pibtol, a huge hunting-knife, and a hatchet. His finger- nails resembled eagle's claws, and were curved like them, and almost as [hard and strong. The shortest measured exactly 2| inches _ in leD£th, and the longest over 3 _ inches. _ All his pur chases were paid for in French silver coined in the reign of Napoleon Bonaparte. In searching for papers from which to learn something of his history an old rusty tin box was found in a dark corner of the hut under a pile of dried leaves and skinB. A number of papers were found which gave a slight in sight into his life. A birth certificate was among them, which, written in French, was as follows" Pierre Grdvy, born January 24,1779." Another was a marriage certificate of "Pierre Grdvy to Marie Gauthier, Sep tember 21,1802." Small oil paintings, tightly rolled in oiled skin, of Josephine, Marshal Key. and the Emperor Napoleon were also found. Besides these there were an old silver bullseye watch and a seal nog. On the fly leaf of a book was written in French, " Thank God, Jules Grdvy is now President of the French Republic." Working Men in the Imperial Parlia ment.—An English correspondent gives the following description of three of the working men members of the English Parliament -.— "Mr. Abraham, the member for Rhondda Valley, Wales, is a man of middle height, stoutly built, with black hair, dark eyes, and florid features lit up by a pleasant smile. He can speak accurately and forcibly both in WelBh and English. He iB also a bard and a singer. Being called on for a speech the other night at a dinner, he volunteered a Welsh song, and although scarcely any of the guests understood the words they were completely [carried away by the muBic, and by tl te energy and skill with which it was rendered. Mr. Abraham is a decided acquisition to the House, from his practical acquaintance (with the subjects in which so many thousands of his fellow working men are interested. They have provided a fund to support him in modest comfort while he is in Parliament, and a similar course has been adopted with Beveral of the other working men members, of whom there are eleven in all. Our repreeentives are not paid out of the taxes, although formerly this was the case, but it lapsed nearly two centuries ago. Perhaps the most conspicuous of the group now under notice is Mr. Joseph Arch, M.P. for West Norfolk, a veritable agricultural labourer. He goes to the House in a tweed suit like that which he has always worn, declining to affect the appearance and the manners of the wearers of broadcloth. He is 60 years of age, bald, broad-shouldered, with a ruddy countenance and a merry eye. For years he lias been a local preacher among the .Primitive Methodists, ana besides this he has had constant practice in addressing vast audiences on political and social questions. He has gained the ear of the House—not an easy thing to do, for many an able and accomplished speaker has failed there—and much is ex pected from him as the mouthpiece of the tillers of the soil, A third working- man member, Mr. Henry Broadhurst, who, how ever, was first elected in 1880, is now the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, with a salary of $7,500. Until two months ago he waB officially connected with a Trade Union Society, at a stipend of £1,000. He is in the prime of life, not yet 50, ana is greatly respected by ail who come into contact with him. In the English House ofJCommons a man passes for what he knows and can do. If he has studied a subject and can express himeelf with average clearness, he is listened to; but perhaps there is no assembly where bores are so speedily and effectually put down.*' Me, Goschen ok Hearing, Heaping, and Thinking.—An address to students of the London Society for the Extension of University Teaching was recently given at the ManBion-House by Mr. Goschen, M.P. The eubjeot of the address was " Hearing, Heading, and Thinking." Mr. Goschen began by pointing out some advantages which study by hearing had over stndy by reading. In hearing they had the stimulus of intel lectual companionship. Emphasis was better than italics, and no book could give what he might call the rallentando and the crescendo of a speaker's voice. As an amusing illustra tion, he said the Parliamentary phrase, " I accept the apology in the spirit in which it is offered," might be made by the inflection of the voice a genial compliment, an ironical insinuation, or a ferocious insult. With respect to reading, the vast number of books in the present day was a great drawback to study, and the matter was made worse by the notion, which he strongly discoun tenanced, that one must read everything. A person should rather think how snch or such a book would fit in with bis course of syste matic reading. Those who tried to read everything, or about everything, loBt the habit of sitting down to great works, which would lead them out of their daily lives and give them high and noble thonghts. The pre sent age was always in a hurry, but hurried reading coula not be _ good reading. But if burry spoilt reading, it was still more likely to spoil thought; and be complained of the growing inability, extending into almost every department of, life, to think seriously and continuously. Instead of thinking a problem out for themselves, men went to papers and pamphlets to Bee what other men nsd said, ileal, continuous thought was going ont of fashion, and people thought les6 and less—partly owing to the hurry of life, but partly to mental indolence. Intellectual men had told him that they.found themselves leading even advertisements rather than apply themselves to mental effort. But that was not the way in which the great thinkers of former times had produced the works which were the heritage of the present gene ration ; and as to both reading and thinking, he pleaded for greater deliberation, more careful choice of materials, and more conse cutivenesB and continuity. The Pope on Chubch and State.—In the latest Encyclical of Pope Leo XlfL, on the Christian constitution of States, the Pope Bays he deems it his duty to compare with Christian doctrine the new opinions advanced concerning the State. There could be no public power except from God. The State was clearly bound to satisfy its many and great duties towards God by the public profession of religion. There was once a time when States were foverned by the philosophy of the gospel. !ut that fatal and deplorable passion for innovation which was aroused in the sixteenth century first threw the Christian religion into confusion, and then, by natural sequence, passed on to philosophy, and thence pervaded all ranks of society. From this Bource issued those late maxims of unbridled liberty which, in the midst of the terrible disturbances of the last century, were excogitated and proclaimed as the principles and foundation of that new juris prudence. Amongst these principles the chief one was that which proclaimed that all men, .as by race and nature they were alike, were "also equal in their life. In a society | founded upon these ^principles government was only the win ot tne people, wmcn, as it idei " was under the power of itself alone, so was alone its own ruler. Since the people was said to contain in itself the source of all rights and of all power it followed that the State did not deem itself hound by any kind of duty towards God ; that it made no public profession of religion; that it held itBelf bound to give equal rights to all religions, to the end that the public order should not incur injury from _ any ot them. All questions concerning religion were to be referred to private judg ment, and every one was allowed to follow whichever religion he preferred, or none at all if he approved of none. Hence these con sequences naturally arose—the judgment of each conscience was without regard to law ; the freeBt opinions were expressed as to the practice or neglect of Divine worship; and there was unbounded licence for men to think what they liked and to publish what they thought. It was hardly possible to lay down any one fixed method whereby the objects they had in view were to be attained, because the method must suit separate plaoes and times, which differed greatly from one another. Nevertheless, before all things unity of purpose must be preserved, and simi larity must be sought for in the plans of action, Both these objects would be attained without fail if all would regard the directions of the ApoBtolic See as their rule of life, and obey the Bishops whom "the Holy Ghost has placed to rule the Church of God." The integrity of Catholic faith was incompatible with opinions approaching either to natural ism or rationalism, the essence of which was utterly to do away with Christianity, and to establish the supremacy of man in society to the exclusion ot God. In the struggle for interests of the highest order there was no room for intestine strife or party rivalries, but all must endeavour with one mind and purpose to secure that which is the common object of all—the preservation of religion and of the State. Financial Frauds in Egypt.—The recent disclosures of the grossest frauds perpetrated by high officials in the Ministry of Finance have been followed (says the Cairo correspon dent of the Standard) by similar revelations in tbe department of the Dairn Sanieh. Last year it was discovered that the Government nad paid away nearly a quarter of a million sterling in liquidation of claims which, if contested in a Court of Law, would all of them have been either rejected in toto or reduced by two-thirdB. The Crown lawyer's office (the'Contentieux), whose business it is to defend the Government, had, in the course of less than six weeks, in the absence of Blum Pasha, compounded these claims, and paid over, perhaps, one-third of the money to the claimants, dividing the remain ing two-thirds amongst its own members. ISO excuse whatever was ottered, ana trie enquiry ordered by the Government cams to a sudden stop when it was found who was implicated, Four of the minor officials were dismissed, all of whom called in vain for a regular examination. Some of the most dis graceful facts were elicited before the French Consular Court, but every effort was UBed to throw a veil over the paBt, and the guilty escaped without the slightest punishment, The present scandal at the Ministry of Finance was disclosed, auite by accident, by one of the victims. Several of the highest officials had formed an association with private agents in all the dis tricts of Egypt. One of these agents would go to a Sarraf, or revenue collector, and say that he had heard that grave complaints had been lodged against him at the Ministry, and that an enquiry would probably oe shortly instituted into his conduct. The unfortunate man would ask for proofs, whereupon the agent would produce a letter with its official number and docket, written on Government paper and signed by one of the band, saying that irregu larities were being perpetrated in such and such a district, ana a commission must be at once instituted to enquire into them. The agent would then hint darkly that he waB a great friend of So-and-Soat the Ministry, and on payment of a sum varving from £100 to £500 he thought he could arrange matters. The sum was invariably paid and quietly divided amongst the officials. Lately, how ever, one of the Sarrafs, with a mens sibi conscta recti, could not understand the agent's story, and thought that at any rate, if he had to pay £500, he had better pay it direct to Mr. Palmer, the Accountant General, than to the agent. Accordingly he quietly came up to Cairo, and presented him self to Mr. Palmer, with the money. The cat was then, of course, out of the bag. A Com mission of Enquiry, or Conseil de Discipline, has been instituted to examine into the ques tion. Russia in Central Asia.—Some of the latest movements of Russia in Central Asia are alluded to as follows by the yienna cor respondent of the Daily News, in a letter dated March 8" A few weeks ago I drew your attention to a conflict that had just occurred in the Moghan Plain between the Russian troops and the Shahsevend tribe. Intelligence reaches me to-day that the Russian authorities are more than ever in clined to make the Shahsevend incident a pretext for interference with Persia. They have recently sent nine officers to Meshed, and, if I am not mistaken, we shall shortly hear of disturbances in Khorassan. Deputa lions will probably be sent to Askabad, peti tioning the annexation of that province to Russia. Russia is intriguing with the Kurdish tribes of Khorassan, The Russians are equally active in other parts of Central Asia. They are proceeding slowly bat surely, and are bent on leaving as little as possible to chance. This has obliged the Indian Government to take corresponding precautions. Several missions have been sent in different directions, and some or' them have already partially completed their tasks. Thus a short time ago the news came that Colonel Lockart had returned from Cbitral, and was spending the winter at Gighit. The Fort of Gighit, which is situated on the bank of a river of the same name, is under the supremacy of the Maharajah of Cashmere. It is as valuable a strategic point as the Zulficar Pass, although at present it is merely a position of importance that can be rendered defensible by the construction of proper works. The Russian pioneers Kegel and Putiati, explored that district some years ago in order to ascertain whether it would be possible to advance through the Barogil Pass from Pamir to Chitral Dir and Swat, whereby the north-west frontier of British India could be threatened, and agitation could be fomented among the local tribes, which would con siderably embarrass an army marching to Jellalabad and Kabul. The occupation of Chitral by a Russian force, together with a simultaneous demonstration in the direction of Balkb and Herat, would imperil the posi tion of an English corps of operation, aB it would thus be compelled to split up its forces. Whatever else Colonel L-ockart may have to do, he will be able to ascertain the exact strategic value of those positions, and find out what are the means of communication. The efforts of the Government must be directed towards securing a firm footing between Afghanistan and CaBhmere, in order to prevent the eventual co-operation of those two countries, which has long been mooted," Terrible case of Hydrophobia.—The correspondent ot the New York San at Cohoes under date February 2 aaysSix years ago George Waterhouse, of this place, then a boy of 8, was bitten by a dog, not known or even supposed at tbat time to be mad. Tbe wound healed all right appa rently, and for a long time the boy showed no symptoms of any dangerous results. Some two or three years back he began to act strangely at intervals, betraying an abhor rence at the sight of and barking like a dog. Then the effect would pass away, and for months he was entirely free from hydropho biac symptoms. On last Sunday night he was suddenly seized with the most violent convulsions, the type of rabies being of the moBt horrible and agonizing kind. It was almoBt impossible to hold him, and every known remedy was applied, but all to no purpose. The boy's convulsions were more dreadful and ungovernable than anything the physicians had seen in their practice from any cause, and after consultation was held it was conceded by all relief was impossible, and that it waB a mockery on tbe healing art to allow the poor wretch to writhe in such terrible tortures. Death was the only relief, and all present advised tbat the boy be smothere a to end his agonies. The physicians feel justified over this extreme treatment in the case where the suffering was so intense and beyond all medical control." A South American Mountain Railway. —Engineering writes" Mountain railways for the use of tourists in search of the picturesque appear to be on the increase. A few weeks ago we noticed that one was pro posed to be built for the accommodation of travellers desirous of ascending the rugged sides of Mont Filatus, and so rendering the glory of Lucerne commonplace for all time. But we should hardly expect to find a similar undertaking mooted in such a dis tant part of the world as Rio de Janeiro, where the tourist, one would think, would be comparatively a rara avis. It appears, how ever, from some particulars given in the Scliwehertsche Bauzeitung, quoted in the "Proceedings" of the Institution of Civil Engineers, that a rack railway, designed specially for tourist traffic, has already been constructed up the Bides of the granite cone of Corcevado, which springs almost from the city itself, the suburbs extending to its foot. The mountain is 2,336 feet high, and as it stands alone, a superb view of one of the grandest natural harbours in the world is to be had from its summit. The line starts in the suburb of Larangeiras, 121 feet above sea level, and rises to the foot of the actual peak, an elevation of 2,198 feet. The total length is 4,144 yards, the width gauge 1 metre, the least gradient 1 in 25, maximum gradient 1 in 3'3, and maximum radius G chains. The steel rails are of the Vignoles pattern, 29 ft. 0 in. long, and weighing 40'3 lb. per yard. The rack rail is similar to that of tko Riga Railway, and weighs 112 9 lb. per yaid. The sleepers are 5'9 feet by G'3 inches by 5 9 inches, and are of native wood. There are four stations in all. The chief works on the line are numerous retaining walls, a wooden viaduct, two plate girder bridges over deep clefts, and a wrought-iron viaduct of three spans 42G feet long. The rolling-stock consists of two locomotives with inclined boilers, two carriages to hold fifty passengers, and two goods vans. The ascent takes fifty-five . minutes." The " Book of Mohmok."—Professor S. S. Partello, writing to a Chicago newspaper, declares that he has discovered the veritable SpaldiDg romance, from which, it is said, Joseph Smith wrote his "Book of Mormon.' Profeesor Partello sayB:—" By the favour Jof the correspondent, now in Honolulu, it is my privilege to say that tho lontjlost and noted document has lately been discovered in the hands of L. L. Rice, a Honolulu resi dent, who removed from Oberlin, Ohio, about five years ago. Hot long ago it occurred to the venerable gentleman to make an examination of a box of old paperB which had accnmnlated daring a period of twenty-five or thirty years of his life as a newspaper editor and publisher in Cleveland and other places in North- Eastern Ohio. .Among these musty and dust-laden paperB there was a small package wrapped in strong buff paper, tied with a piece of stout twine, and plainly marked on the outside in pencil, in Mr. Rice's own hand, ' Manuscript Story— Connent.' The exterior of the package seemed somewhat familiar to its owner, but yet be could not definitely fix in bis mina the incidents in connection with his posses sion of it, and he did not remember having inspected its contents. An ex amination disclosed an old manuscript book of some 200 closely written pages, carefully sewed in book form, about 7 by 6 inches. It was brown and dusty with age. The first twenty pages show the effects of much handling, and are somewhat goawed and damaged by insects, but no great injury to the writing has been done. A few extra outside leaveB remain attached to the back of the book, on one of which in a rough hand is inscribed—'Writings of Solomon Spalding. Proved by Aaron Wright, Oliver Smith, John N. Miller, and others. The teBti mocials of the above gentlemen are now in my possession.—D. P. Hurlbut.' Mr. Rioe was wholly unable to account for how or when this manuscript came into his posses sion. He says that he has no knowledge of the pert one whose nameB are mentioned. Some forty or fifty years ago Mr. Rice was editor of the Platnesville Telegraph, about 30 miles from Connent, the residence of the Rev. Solomon Spalding, then dead. He con jectures that it must have been placed in his bands at that period for perusal and subse quently for publication. He personally knew Samuel Rigdon, one of Smith's right hand men and later a Mormon apoBtle, their first settlement btiog at Kirtland, in the same county in which he lived." Cost of the Dynamite Outrages.—The Civil Service Estimates for 1886-87 contain, among other items, one of £36,000 for " the expenses of police engaged on special duties in connection with dynamite outrages," being £2,000 less than the estimate for the same service last year. There is no charge this year for "repairs of damage by dynamite explosion" in the Houses of Parliament, under which heading the estimate for the financial year 1885-86 was £8,625, made up of the following items :—Repairs to the House of Commons, £5,500; furniture, clocks, &c.;, £550; electrical installation, £75. The entire estimate for "criminal prosecutions and quasi-criminal proceedings," which is put at £25,000, is £5,000 less than last year. A Brave Bulgarian Girl.—The Vidin correspondent of the St. Petersburg Novosti sends to that newspaper the following account of a young Bulgarian girl who took an active part in the late war against Servia, distinguished herselt at Slivnitza and at Pirot, and received two crosses for bravery. Previously to the outbreak of hostilities she joined a company of militia—such companies were then forming in various parts of Bulgaria — and accompanied it to the eouinern ironner, in me nope 01 mere meeting with the enemy. During some time she managed to conceal her sex, tor her com rades tookher to bea youth with an effeminate lace, of which there were many such to be met with among the militia. Only the com " he " mander of her company knew her secret. She was obliged to disclose it to him when the company set out upon its march, and he appears to have loyally kept dt to himself. In all exercises, parades, and reviews she took part jointly with her male comrades. At last, when Servia declared war against Bulgaria, the heroine took part in the forced march into Servia, fought at the battle of Slivnitza, and joined in the attack upon Firot. During the fight she did all she could to encourage her comrades, and they, in return, unanimously voted to her the com pany's medal for bravery. When, in conse quence of the war coming to an end, the miiitia was dispersed, she went to Sophia, and was there presented to Prince Alexander, who awarded to her a second decoration for bravery. She then returned to Yidin, her place of domicile before the war, where Bhe acts as servant to an old lady. There she relates to all who come into contact with her the exploits she performed during the war— how she assisted to take such and Buch posi tion ; how, at first, the Bulgarians were re puleed; how they afterwards drove back the Servians at the point of the bayonet, and so forth; and she says that should these latter begin another war, she will again fight against them, hut in her woman's attire, for it is not worth while to change one's dress for such an enemy. Singular Discovery of Lost Jewel lery.—The jewellery of the value of £50,000 which so mysteriously disappeared about five years ago from Brynkinalt, near Chirk, Den bighshire, the residence of Lord Trevor, has mysteriously been found. A manservant at Brynkinalt happened to go into a disused cellar, where he saw some glittering object upon a heap of rubbish, and upon examina tion found it to be one of the misBing articles of jewellery. He at once informed the Hon. George Trevorof the discovery. Major Lead better, chief constable of Denbighshire, and the family solicitors at Oswestry were com municated with, and upon the arrival of Major Leadbetter a complete search was made, and the whole of the jewellery re covered. It is a singular coincidence that the jewellery was both lost and found on a Sunday morning. 