The Ghost of a Christmas ., - Dinner.. •. By Tbyjitsox Surra, Author o£ 11 Sunbeams and Shadows," Summer Clouds," &c.; Tss'stoxy! "Well, I'll tell it you to-niglit. i . Here, Mick, give mo a stoup of wine, as the playbopks say, and we'll e'en to it like French falconers. Now, close that banging door to keep out the sneaking wind—stir up the fire— • lot's hare a cheerful blazo—and all come close around. What! tell a ghost tale, with a glaring lamp 1?Vfr that! oh, no. Turn it down —lotfer—und yet lower still. Kight, Bob, wo'U'hato it out entirely—there's light enough, and more, for our needs from those crackling logs. Very well, Miss Jenny, either go without tiie lamp or without the story, just exactly as you please. There, that's sensible and bravely spoken, lass. Ah! now it's something like the time to tell stories of my kind, when the flickering, fickle, dancing tongues- of flame alone illume the room, and make our shadows tremble on the walls, or take gigantic forms that stretch from floor "to ceiling, coming and departing like the genii of tho'Arabian Nights. It helps the story-teller wonderfully. He gains inspiration from that ruddy,mass of molten gold there in the fire place, while his fancies seem born, like the myriad-tinted moths and butterflies, in vague depths and dark corners. But, as you say, the story is the thing. Well, about a score of rears ago I found my self a ma etcr-printer, and the senior member of a substantial jobbing firm. My partner brought the money. There was something singular about Richard Dorff, this rich partner of mine, and folks said he was of un sound intellect, or that there was some very heavy weight of no pleasant kind which burdened down his mind. I only thought him verr quiet and reserved. He certainly spoke little, but then pointedly, though sullenly, and had a habit of indulging in queer mutterings when he thought himself alone; but I saw nothing strange in that—it wasa habit, nothing more, although he might sometimes tremble and turn pale if caught eo doing. Another strange thing to other folks was that Kichard Dorff would, as he often said, have rather grasped the hand of Don Giovanni's grim visitor, and sunk to an unexplored, and so perhaps apocryphal, eternity of misery than laoe the dark or be alone at night. The*people •aid this was the outcome of a guilty conscience, hat I'thooght it only indicated some extremity f of nervousness. Some people are affected eo, I and why hot he f And might it not also be j tho effect of an over-vivid and diseased imagi- | nation? Richard was a man some fire and forty years of age, and tall but slight of build. His face, ©lean' shaven, was austerely stern and for bidding, and deeply graven with harsh lines of Care. *' His hard features were made the more repelling by a cruel expression lurking round the corners of his thin lips and by his brow, which had been knitted into a perpetual frown. And.there was a chilling coldness always in his light and sunken eyes. He lived in a large and roomy house some two miles out of town— a house which had been bis family's home for generations: a house which had been in their use when hunters widely coursed among the timbered fields where now the flourishing vil lage stands; when cattle grazed and ruminated, where the blatant aldermen now deliberate in their sumptuous ball; when daffodils and daisies, wild roses and the scented honeysuckle, the fragrant maybloom and the sweet haw thorn, gave delicious odours to the air now tainted by the fumes of factories and blackened by the murky mass of smoke belching from a hundred grimy chimney stacks. It was a house which needed troops of merry children, and a host of cheery friends, to give itanvlookof life, and every window bright with light to re Keve its gloomy maasiveness. Enveloped by & high stone wall it stood back some distance from the road, and thence appeared a very prison of a home, although the garden blazecL with flowers, and ita broad walks were shadowed by tall trees arrayed in gorgeous green, or in the brown aud gold of autumn fame. "When quite a youth Richard hod been articled a clerk to some near relative, who en- ' joyed extensive practice as a lawyer in a distant town; and he progressed so well that in time He childless relation bequeathed to him his business. He stayed there many years, but of .hira, other than he was there, we in the village here had never any news excepting only .some dark hints of sharp practising and unjust, and H was also rumoured, cruel actum.", which came to us from tune to time. His father died and Hichard,.retiring on a very comfortable com petence, eame back and entered on possession of theManor," as the old house was known familiarly, and which wo now hoped to see denuded of the disn&l; solemnness that had attached itself to it in tho last year or so of the old owner's life. But wo were disappointed. -Richard never married; and the house became more dull and silent erery day. Old Mrs. Dorff, too, seemed to change and for the worse; she ones had been a jovial, lovable old son], who carried moat becomingly, as the one great lady of the place, the high respect and love of neigh bours round about on every side, of every class. Bright and cheery in her manner, hearty in her . friendships (and who was there beyond that most plastic band?), ever foremost in the best of works, there was no one better known through out the town nor more esteemed on every hand than "good old Mrs. Dorff." No kinder words in time of need, no help more readily at hand, no more soothing tones in the trying hours of sickness and distress, no gentler charity nor sweeter praise, nor visits more to bo delighted in by rich or poor than those of " good old 3frs. Dorff." But now all this was changed, and where once upon a tunc all. had km>vrn her be- ct, we knew her not at all. Where she had lightened hearts and banished care, that ensmr now crept in apace, and firmly held his ground. Where she threw out the glamour of hsr noble self and made the poorest shine ■with, nowcr life end hope—reflections of her radiant mind and happy soul—there now were tears where there were smiles; and wauings dis placed patient effort. Wo never saw the lady now about, and, indeed, we hardly knew if she was yet nmong us—assuredly she was not of us, for n certainty. ' , ... . After Richard had idled round the village for a time, and wearied of tho dull monotony of such a life, he came to mo as an old friend in whom he ever took a kindly interest, and sug gested I should start in business for myself as I had friends, and there were opportunities enough to warrant such a step. He also promised he would let me have what money I needed for tho start, and take, in return, an interest in the business himself, and so provide himself besides with some settled thing to occupy his mind and turn his thoughts into a i channel other than tho one which, as he said, j distracted him eternally. An offer so wholly advantageous was, of course, no sooner made tlian I accepted it, and so we were connected and the business floated on the stream down which it ever since hits sped so prosperously and I pleasantly for both. * Well, it was the Christmas Eve of IS—, and we had an extra stress of business on hand (some menu cards and programmes for a grand ; civic dinner and a ball to be given by the Mayor on Boxing-night) and harder work for all in that our foreman, through ill- health, had been allowed his annual holiday a little earlier than wont, and was away enjoying it. We came back after tea to finiwh up, and Richard, too, to settle np his books, for he had taken all the duties of their keeping on himself. It was nearly 8 o'clock when Richard entered the composing room, looking, as I thought, even more haggard and worried than was usual with him, and called me into the office. There was a hollowness and a dark tinge of gloom in his deep voice as he then said to me:— * 44 Tom, I have a favour to request of you. It is not much, perhaps—but grant it me, I beg. Will you spend Christmas with me r" 44 Why," I answered laughingly, 44 it is you who confer a favour, and not I, when you ask me to do that." For veiy few, if any, latterly had had the honour of visiting at 44 the Manor," acquaintance with the many varied treasures and attractions which all knew tho place, despite its forbidding outside, had within. 441 am afraid," he said, with a sigh, 44 you will not so esteem it when you have come and gone. But will you be my guest?" I readily assented. I had no wife and children then, and frit assured, whatever might come of it, a Christmas at44 the Manor" would every way be pleasanter than such a time spent lonelily in bachelor's quarters. It would be a novelty, at anv rate. 44 My man William," he said, his dark frown deepening so as to almost dose his eyes, while a sinister look at once of exquisite pain and black anger overshot his face, 44 my man Wil liam has been compelled to leave me for a day or two to tend his dying father, and I am almost alone. I could not help his going, or I would—it was a choice of going for a time or leaving me entirely, and I had to consent. You mow my pitiful failing, and therefore what this cursed accident in all its bearings means to me. Will you^oomo ■iKnuc with-me to- night and stay till William has returned r" 44 Most willingly," I answered. 44 Then hurry up the work, for I must bo at home before the clock strikes 12." 44 Midnight! " I replied; 44 oh, we shallhave finished long before then." 441 do not know," he said, 44 for even with out accidents there is a lot to do. However, do the best you can, and I will come and help in reading if there is any to he done." I returned to my case, for as the menu was a delicate work I attended to it myself, and he to the office, connected with the composing room by a large glass door—which door I noticed he left open, as though he wished for company. Two hours passed by, during which time Richard came again and'again into the room to see how 44 things were getting on " and watch the hands upon the clock, and I had finished what I had to do and it had gone to press. By half- past 10all 44setting-up" was done, but two lads running in their hurry "with the last two galleys to the forme knocked against each i other, and a long hour's work was 44pied" ; upon the floor. Cursing and swearing and buffeting the boys avails! us little—there was nothing for it but for all hands to go to work in earnestness and 44 6et" the work again. Richard only signified his notice of the acci dent hv sundry ill-portending growls and no mild curses on the luckless lads. However, we all worked ou with right good will, and in about an hour the job was ready and out on the m&cliine;, and soon all hands, excepting the machinists, had been into the office for their PpY> and for some small addition which, in view of the successful year, we had increased it by, and gone away. In duo course tho print ing was completed, tho parcel packed and given to a messenger who would leave- it when he passed: all were gone, the place locked up, and we were left alone together in the office. 44 Coine, partner," I said, 44 we have just time to drink a Christinas toast before we go." 44 Half-past 11," he said, looking at the dock; 44 yes just, and nothing more." I had barely poured out the glasses of wine and proposed a 44 Merry Christmas," when, pulling out his watch, and letting his glass fall from his hand to pieces on the floor, he used a tremendous oath, and in excited tones ex claimed : 44 Great God ! ' the clock lias stopped !" And as he spoke the chimes rang clearly forth through the stillness of the mid night air. For a time he seemed paralysed by a kind of abject fear, which moved his blanched features strangely; but then he quietened somewhat, and ho said:—44 Oh, God! it's past the time." Then turning round.to ine—his face, it seemed, distraught by the wild .workings. of some great inward passion, and his voice trembling with emotion, he said: 44 Oh ! bv all that you hold dear in life, and hope for in tfiat aftcrtimc which •ren m &• frenzied fancy is denied to me, come ' now and lielp mo faco that which I daro not eco alone." * Almost unconsciously, but yet affected by the deop solemnity with which ho had imbued his words, I placed my arm in his and wo passed j out into the night together. It was a. clear but windy night, and thin, fleecy clouds kept scudding past tho half moon's face, and casting evanescent shadows on I our path. I took an opportunity to look at my , companion, and found him Ciilin, but, in tho | moonlight, ghastly pale, wliilo the fixed j earnestness and desperate entreaty which I-hud noticed in his eyes before had given place to a look of defiant, but not fearless resolution, and to that expression all his other features now conformed. As wo walked on wo heard the joy-bells ring on every hand, and hearty greetings met us everywhere ; there brushed by in eager huny men and women who, like us, had been de tained to clear up business remnants, but yet their jaded looks woro nearly overmastered by their cheering smiles, and* by the light of brightest expectations beaming throughout all; while even their tired walk gamed some now elasticity .'is they thought on tho morrow—on that one glad day, to idl of Cliristendom, of joy and happiness among many. Wo passed the clubs aglow with light—with light which seemed to spread the further for tho time and take the whole street in its warm embrace; wo heard the clink of glasses and the peals of merry laughter here; and there we passed the shivering outcast who would spend his Christmas—where? Wo passed the shutting shops with their disordered show of Christmas luxuries; passed the public-houses, their closing doors encompassing a noisy horde of revellers; I passed the churches; whence the sweet music fittest for the time welled out in soul-stirring harmony, and the watchers praised aloud tho Great Giver of Life; passed the ding}' hospital, in whose dark chambers many a weary soul im patiently awaited death; passed the busy, bustling station, where the last train for the night had just discharged its living freight; passed the coaches, rattling to their stopping place in town; passed the silent graveyard, the last resting place upon the road of life, and so away into the fields. .We walked along in silence, for when I commenced to speak he stopped me with im patient signs, and said in hoarse whispers, " No, no : not yet; I'll tell you all in time; ho silentstill." . . And then came changes overhead. The wind arose a"d freshened into force, and great, heavy clouds came up and shut the moon from sight find soon, but yet far off, wo saw tho lightning with its fiery forks rip open tho vast canopy of heaven, and heard the rumble of a distant storm. . We crossed a little stream and pushed into the black shadow of an avenue of trees, whose . branches creaked - and trembled with weird groanings in the restlessness of the wind. _ We heard the water of tho Btream dashing in its petty fury on the stones; and the reeds whist ling on its banks; we heard the church bells, too, at fitful times as they rang clearly forth in fierce ferocity of glee, or now were muffled and confused in a dull jumble of conflicting sounds as they fought on in battle with opposing winds. Behind us was the fading glimmer of .tho-town;-in. front, tho old house stood out black and cold and stern and ghostly against the dull grey depths of sky. Just aa the dim light of tho lamp which was suspended over tho gateway, in the centre of its yellow halo, came into our sight, Hi chard stopped and said :■— " Before we pass the gates, hear what I have to say. Your condemnation will avail me nothing, for I have been adjudged in a higher -court, and its dread sentence haunts me every minute of each hour, amid the restless tumult of the busy day, and in the awful silence of interminable nights. What I have done God and my conscience know, and my sufferings arc of their infliction, butyet my punishment seems endless, und my sins no nearer expiation. But still I feci in telling you I do myself some good j and hope to gain your help, because I tell you I freely all." And then while the wild wind rushed and whistled in our ears and the great trees round about us crashed and groaned in its chilling blasts, he told me all tho story of a wretched, wasted life—how early dissipation warped his nature, and how boyish indiscretions grew to youthful follies, and then blossomed into curses of his manhood's prime. " Possessed throughout my life," he said, " of an indomitable will und of a temper which I could not curb, although I seldom tried, it was but in the course of things that I should always have my way, and permit of prominenco and mastery to passions and feelings unworthy of a man. My parents, as Ir was their only child, unhappily'allowed my evil'nature free play, hoping for improvement with increasing years, until at length I gained so much ascen dency that their best- intentioned efforts at tho mending of my character were all too late and ineffectual. I did exactly as I pleased, and speedily the total of my wrong- doiiigB became so great that even I at times was shocked and shamed. But then I hardened, and what'little feelings of remorse were temporarily excited were brushed aside and soon became unheeded. Whatever devilment was mooted I was fore most in its full accomplishment, and there was no wanton act of stupid foily or of heedless I pain and annoyance to others but I had a hand ' in it. And with maturer life camo only deeper planned and more hurtful mischief. Wnat friends I had were wronged, ami their best faith abused; whatever means to an ill end rc- ' garding them appeared were freely used, and losing friends and those companions worthy of respect and capable of my correction, I turned round and sought allies and helpmates among men as bad aa I became. " But why prolong the dismal catalogue of wrongs ? Let it suffice to sny I wus, and justly too, esteemed among the worst of inen no less in mv relations with mv \ le8s ln relations with my friends ami boon companions, than among the letter class of -"TTl cHenti4.: lmt this lutter fact soon i by trafficking j evil and upon tho proceeds ot most yicioub deeds. Then I was summoned liomo to eeo mv father hreathe liis last—to watch that death which, God help mo! I had no doubt accelo- ' » rated. Even on his death-bed ho hod heard of ;' some later wrong of my performance, and liis first words as I appeared before hiin were, - • • Oh, man, have you no couscicnco ? Is there no power on earth or heaven to make you other ■■ i. than you aro ? When I am gono will tliero bo ; left a man who will not say a kindly word in - memory of me, and wheu you have rim your * eartldy courso will there Ik> auj'thing but joy ? There is yet time to change, and in tho name of heaven I pray you make an effort. Oh, think • before it is too late upon the consequence of ill, and cast aside the devil holding you in damning •! thraldom. Refleet upon the troops of friends tliat I have made and their good wishes cherished in my soul, and on tlic terrible array of enemies whose curses mu6t yet blight and sear your life. I wish your conscience had been -: to you what mine has l>cen to me, attendant always and my surest guido. May it assert its ' powers yet with you.1 Ho did not bless.mo beforo he died, but almost his last words were - a wish that my enemies should treat me in their *; way as his friends had him in theirs; Aid so - he died. Although affected for a time, tho shock subsided, and I found myself unaltered I and allowing all my evil passions play even r before the gross was green above his grave, and ' greater liberty, perhaps, because of the re moval now of all possible restraint. My mother, suffering most acutely from my father's death, and racked and torn hy know- - ledge of my iniquities, was taken ill,' and when • again she got about the houso, it waaoa a ^ woman without reason—she was mad! Try, if C you can, to realise tho feelings which arise in mo as I gaze in those eyes, once lit by the sweet light of mother's love, but now so cold as • staring steadfastly at me they seem to penetrate into the deepest depths of my unworthy soul, : the while tliat mocking distance in the look" tells nothing of the sight they see. Picture, if you can, tho feelings I endure as sometimes the * dead 6ilence of the night is startled by her mad: screams of fiendish laughter, and tho whole'; place is peopled with the endless echoes of wild^ songs and hideous calls; And I to have accom plished-this—to have unseated such a reason > and besmirched and rent it so! I have little more to add but that my father's dying wishes' have complete fulfilment, as you -will see to-[ night, and with what consequence to me. That which together we shall see take place, I have:' often seen before, but, although I could never entirely banish it from sight, on all occasions past (and would have dono to-night but that • the hour slipped by) I have taken opiates in strong potions to obliterate a 6ense of it. And-' then in William, who was never at such times a moment from my side, I had always a companion with me in whose company I should not fear the fiends of hell themselves, for he is even nearer kin to them than I." And we passed tlirough the strong, great' heavy gates, which clanged and bumped in closing after us amid the rattle of big chains. I then felt Richard trembling on my arm, and' started as he cried: 44 Look! look! it comcs!"; and then there was a blaze as of a distant fire, which faded quickly out of sight, and soon the pathway, bordered by the deep shadow of the' trees, seemed like a stream of silver light,and as we walked slowly on we met the figure of a beautiful woman, clad in velvet of the purest white, and fringed and decked about with j ermine furs. Her features had the grace and' 1 dignity of classic mould, but their fine cast | bore sad traces of great grief, and tho largo ! lashes of her eyes were wet with tears, j Encircling the rich masses of her hair there was | a simple diadem of gems with one large centre star that flashed and sparkled in the light, and in her hand-she had an arrow barbed with points of gold. The figure turned and walked in front, and Richard, with his head bowed down and his whole frame convulsed with sighs, and I in silence followed. .«■: • Arriving at the dooiway Richard knocked; and we were admitted by a little old wizen faced woman, bent nearly double with the weight of years, "whoso dishevelled hair floated in stiff grey ringlets round a wild face deeply furrowed with its"endless wrinkles. : ^ " Oh, Mr. Richard, you are Lite," this woman said in a thin piping voice, " and your mother has been terrible." • Is she not yet a-bed ? " " What, on Christmas Eve?" tho woman answered, her shrill tones defying the echoes which, when Richard spoke, reverberated cease lessly about the lofty hall. " Give rue a light, and you may go.V She banged the door behind us, arid from a recess produced a lamp, which, having lighted, . she placed in Richard's hands. "Good night," and the light clatter of her feet soon died away in the distance. •• Come with me," said Richard, and he led tho way through an immense hall, paved with marble slabs and hung with pictures, and graced by many statues, tho shadows of which now approached, now passed us; vanon be came elongated forms upon the walls, and again stunted and distorted, and weird figures on the floor. Passing many massive doors, rich with elabo rate carvings, wc came to a broad and carpeted stone staircase,- and ascending it, the/white figure still in front, wo passed landing after landing opening out into innumerable passages, which all were awful in their depth of gloomy and impenetrable darkness, and coriiingj to another Richard stopped and whispered," Phis staircase leads a little higher to my mother's solitary tower," and then turning to the right he opened a door and wo entered a room, a glance at which sufficed to show it was Richard's private study. Largo logs blazed end crackled in tho fireplace, and the room was cosy with rich curtains and soft carpet nnd'lofty coses filled with books. Ho placed the lamp upon the table, and throwing himself' Into a large armchair near the ronriug fire, motioned nic to take another standing near. Richard wit for some minutes with his'face buried in his hands, aud then suddenly.startcd up aud puccd tho room excitedly, exclaim ing" 4 4 What shall I do P. What shall I do P, I had half conquered all my fears, and strung my nerves to "bear the test, but now my fears flood on in tides I cannot stem.'.' And then approaching a cabinet fixed in one comer of the room, he opened it and taking out a phial, said: 44 "Why not ? "VVhy suffer when a remedy is near ? Why wait for cure when there arc means at hand which will avert the ailment ?" , . The figure glided to his side and placing her hand upon his shoulder in a voice like soft, clear music, said:— •" Ohi not to-night. Sec what is to he soon and hear it all; it may ho you will change and know theso things no more. It may bo it is the last time." * 44 But what of the aftcrtimo ? Can you givo promise of surcease of sorrow and avoidanco of all future pain ? " 44 Can that whioh gives you temporary respite and 011 awakening leaves your pangs with deeper roots and broader hold? Come, let sounder wisdom lead you; repose your faith and trust where you have never done before, and in prayer concentrate tho energy which you have, thrown to waste , in idle wishes and in futile waverings." " And I-may change! Is there any chance of change? Well, we shall see." And ho placed tho unused phial hock in tho cabinet again. He came towards me and then wo heard the hanging of a heavy door above us and tho key turned, grating in the lock, and low, soft footsteps coming down and near the room and the door was gently opened, and a woman entered. She was tall and stately in her stature and refined and noble in her mien nnd bearing,'but her face bore no expression and her large dark eyes had a vacant stare op pressive in its rigid steadfastness. Attired in rich robes of black satin slie yet had her waist engirdled _by a rope, to which a bunch of keys was hanging, rattling as she moved, and she carried another1 in* her hand. She wore a widow's cap and a small silver cross suspended round'her neck.. She did not notice me, but walking near the lamp so that the full force of its light lit,up her face and disclosed its pale ness and wan-features, she said in slow, cold accents:—/■' 4411 have journeyed far and seen strange things, hut to-night much further still. They all came out of darkness and I scanned them one by one, and then came days and nights of changeless black in which tho sun and moon and stars were but as spangles upon ebony, and the blackness Bhapcd itself into the figure of a man, and, strange was it not, but true, I saw.his moving, quivering heart. But there were insidious insects gnawing at it eagerly, and they had labels telling what they were. I noticed some named Custom, Precedents, Doubts, and Fears, and there was a greater one named Self, which glutted himself more than all the rest, first eating up two little mites named Pity and Compassion. And another wove an impenetrable web about the place, and called its homestead Hardness, and this one was greedy, too, and daily took more space. I laughed at all of this, and thought it ugly fancies and the heart diseased. But they said all wore much alike. I thought in time tho insects would get surfeited and fall away like leeches overfed, but no, they stayed, and when I hastened thence they had not gone. I asked, and they told me I knew that heart, and then the mass took features and, I do not yet believe it so, those features were your own; that heart was yours—Is it so ? But no, you have no heart! " And the old lady crossed to Richard, and taking both his hands in hers, the while his figure throbbed with painful ■ agony: and great tears stood melting in his eyes, con tinued, 44 Would that you had, oven with such faults -as those. But come, your guests are waiting and the meats grow cold." -And as she spoke the room appeared to change in form and in extent, and we were in the centre of a largo dining hall. A table laden with dishes and. choice fruits and flowers and glittering with the large display of glass and silver, occupied the middle of "the room, with near a hundred chairs set to it, while old pic tures hung upon the walls; a large fire blazed upon tho hearth and rare gems of china and of antique ware filled niches and queer-fashioned cabinots and brackets upon every side. Richard occupied the head of ono long table, with his mother opposite and I beside him, whilo the white figuro stood behind. And then there was a noise, not like the bursting of a storm right overhead, but like the sudden growlingof distant thunder in the serenity of summer nights, which noiso approached tho room and socmed to' end in tho jumble of many angry Yoicos at the door. A large gong was sounded many times, its tones becoming thunderous as the echoes rolled and tumbled through tho great silent house, and when this had ceased the door was opened widely, and I saw ^without a crowd of eager, angry, and excited women, men, and children. .As these passed in all came \ to Richard's chair, and as they shook his hand they sneered or frowned or threw upon him looks-of undisguised aversion and.mistrust; while ho hut merely turned liis face away, or , with his hand concealed the look of angry pain I ho could not master nor prevent. And some I uttered cutting gibes and stinging sarcasms, and others muttered curses in his ears. There wero grey-haired men whose looks bespoke a world of agonised dejection; of unending tribulation and of rudely shattered hopes ana aspirations; men wlioso lives seemed void of any futuro faith; men whoso very beings seemed deformed and their features nil dis torted by unequal struggles with some over bearing passions and unconquerable antagonistic force. There wero thoso wnoluid been trieuds, oft tried hut tnio, in whom even yet a senso of hope of better things had not been quite entirely blotted out by a knowledge of the past; nor quito' aubduea because, of promises of futuro good passed by unheeded and unrealised. In theso there was a little light of friendship left, but it was dimmed and guarded by reserve and cautious care. In their voices there was cold restraint, and in their manner chilling dis tance. There camo in women straining and dragging their thin garments to endoso tho withering infant in thoir arms ; women from whoso faces all tho graoo of womanhood had fled and in its stead there was & settled look of blank despair or sinister malevolence and spite; women once endowed with all the bloom of youth and benqty, tottering with tho weight of too early care and pressing hardship; women mocking whero there should he smiles and looking blackly forward'in all tho gloom of bad fore bodings, and wilfully obscuring every ray of brightening hope because of expectations always blasted almost at their birth. And there were little children who seemed taught before they scarco could speak, to prattle imprecations on their boat. All these took places at the table, and the covers were removed. But while this Was being done there entered from another door a party of proud gentlemen whose genial faces and broad smiles of calm content showed them well cared for in the world's esteem and in their, own,' men whose hearty laughter and tho unrestrained and happy freedom in whose full, round volumed voices told them, to be satisfied alike with what had passed as with tho indications of the coming time; upon whose brows there sat no sign of care and in who3e rotund forms tho Btory of good living and a comfortable ease was plainly seen, while the atmosphere around them, was imbued with healthy spirit and good will. Chief among them was old Mr. DoriF, and here, as in his life, his cheery influenco was keenly felt, and his rich, ringing laughter outlasted all the rest. They did not notice Richard as they entered, but proceeding to the far end of the room were grouped around Mrs. Dorff, until at length they sat about the table, being from the places they bad taken seated so that while he could see them, he was scarcely Been by them. And so the dinner was commenced amid this ill assorted company, affording such a contrast as struck home with poignant pangs to Richard's I heart. As for himself, he scarcely ate at all, but seemed deeply buried in unpleasant memo ries and contesting with sharp feelings of intense disquietude. About him were those sorry people with their little-varying features of pain and trouble, who never glanced at him without a frown or spoke hut in hard accents of reproach. And further down, the jolly group with careless laughter made the whole place ring again, and among them pleasant jest and happy talk grew louder and more earnest and more full of fun and life. _ And there merriment was simmering now in its in fectious smiles and boiling over then into great peals of boisterous jollity. Time passed away, and the table was emptied of the dishes and the dessert and wine were placed about. Richard had watched all in silent pain, with a fixed look of resolute endurance, hut soon his feelings seemed almost beyond con trol ; his firm set lips commenced to quiver; his black frown deepened more ; he trembled and clenched his hands upon the arms of Ms chair as though preparing for a torture greater than the rest, and the white figure placed, her hand upon his shoulder firmly, as if she feared that he would move and meant Mm to hoar all that And then there was a pause until at length a gentleman rose from Ms scat beside the further )ortion of the table and commenced to speak, tie was one most dearly bound by all the ties of deep-set friendsMp to the family, undone from his great age and knowledge of the world esteemed its mentor and best counsellor. ;To Ms wise dictates and sound sense they listened always with a great respect; with ears that lost no word and hearts that proved tho bettor for Ms warm advice. He said it grieved hira on that day of universal amity that there should he a blot to scar its beautiful significance. It; gave him pain to think that there should bo anv need of more exuberance of mirth to drown a rankling sorrow. And in terms of justice and of truth and yet of double force, inflicting double pain because of tho very kindness and soft charity of his words, he spoke of Richard and his life; upon his post and on the black outlook the future seemed to be. His wishes were for better things, but Ms hopes lagged haltingly behind. So often tried; so often false; so often on a direct road, yet finding out half-hidden byways to avoid the straighter course, he fat compelled to think his better thoughts of him misplaced, unwarranted, and beyond the chance of their fulfilment. As he spoke, there passed a shadow of great pain across tho father's noble face, and his eyes, tear-mOistened, fell. But when at last the friend concluded with stern counsel of rejection for all time and banishment fromi heart and sympathy for ever more, Old Mr. Dorff cried," Stop'. " and rising, with a sorrow-laden voice, in wluch, however, there was yet a ray of hope, he said " Dear friends, no more of this. How .1 have loved that son; how tenderly his mother doted upon him ;' how I had hoped to bequeath to him tho heritage of a name which bad'men would execrate and good men always mention with affection and respect, you may imagine, but can never wholly know. That all my hopes have been frustrated and my heart's best long ings thrust aside and rent in pieces you are all aware. But I have never given up faith and trust and I will not now despair. Behind the blackest cloud still shines the blessed sun, and man's extremity is greatest when tho hour of his deliverance is about to strike. And so it is with jno. I feel that in this sorry time of deso lation, desertion, and defeat by my best friend and only son my victory will surely come. It is, as it is said, that hovering on tho verge of life and death, tho soul has power to pierce the awful veil which shrouds the future ; and tho shadows which surround it disappear, and such a glorious vision opens to my eyes, and so with this and strong in a confidence wMch has novcr faltered, I feel that I shall see Mm rising from tho depth of his debasement and with a giant's strength and voice proclaiming to all the world that ho at last is frop.'' Then Richard started up excitedly and in a loud voice exclaimed: " Oh, God Almighty help me, and I will! I can endure no more!" and as ho turned thowholo sccno vanished from our sight, and wo were in tho study once again. Richard took his armchair and Mrs. Dorff re clined upon a sofa near. Tho feelings aroused iu Richard were too poteut to permit of easy subjugation, and bo soon got up and paoed tho room with norvous, agitated steps. "And there is a chanco of change," ho said, '< Oh, teach me how I can effect it, and I will suooeed if mortal man haa power." The spirit went to him and said 14 Will you bo friends with me and remove the deathly enmity you have allowed to fill the gaping1 breach betwixt us ? If you will have iny aid and lend a willing ear to counsels I ; will give, you must succeed; if not, I leave ! you, and for ever, and your downward path will be complete. .Decide at once, and for all time.1' , 11 Do not leave me now, or I must die; be friends with mo or I atn friendless evermore," and the strong, man fell weeping to his knees before her, and clasped the proffered hand and pressed it to his lips and heart. And he was right, for if our Conscience leaves us we are dead. Dead as to the truer part of life; dead as to the hopes of better things: dead as to the purer purpose of our being; dead as to the proper use of all the greatest gifts of God to man, and dead in all its meanings save the one attaching to an empty form of clay. 44 Then come with me," she said, and raised him from tho floor, and passing to the window threw it open and let in a flood of keen, fresh scented morning air. And as we looked out we saw the golden sun-rise from his crimson bed and mount upward through the pure soft purple and the. light blue and yellow of the sky. 41 Come, take my hand, and with tho new born day commence a'better life. Look backward but to shudder and repent, and in the fnture fix a high ideal widen even failing to attain will yet prove good to you in that you try to reach its altitude. Reject the coarser view of sordid life, and find within the praise and love of all your fellow-men, and in the commenda tion you must earn then of me, a fit reward for your best deeds; a balm to ease your suffer ings and a consolation in the hour of trial. Feel my presence constantly, and let my voice be freely heard and your unquestioned guide, and all must yet be well." She stopped a moment, and the silence was disturbed by a low cry proceeding from the corner where the sofa stood. OldMrs.Dorff had raised herself upon her arm, and as we went to her we saw the impress of death's cold, pale hand upon her face. Bat there .was & different look now in her eyes, and her features were radiant with a sweep and happy Bnule. '•M Richard, my son," she said,my hour is.near, and I have had a foretaste of the coming time, Hay God in His great mercy help you always and vouchsafe a blessing as I bestow it now.". She dropped back into his arms and calmly passed away, and Richard, turning to the spirit, said, 44 Command me always, and by the dear memory.of the soul just fled, I Bwearl will obey!" And so my story's ended, but let its moral live.-: 