MISCELLANEOUS;- ' - Tbe United States consumed 1,228,000 tonB' of sugar in 1885. A chestnut tree, near Mount Etna is 212ft*. in circumference. ? The fourth week in January 99,266 persons received parish relief in London. A new l&w; in New York compels drnggists to keep poison in a red bottle.- ' I The life of an iron car wheel is 40,000 miles. A steel tire lasts 200,000 miles, It is proposed to establish a Colonial and Indian Commercial 'Museum in London. The man who beats Beacli ' will have to row faster than any man in the world.'- ? The estate of the late John B. Gough is estimated at something less than £17,000. Even as late as 1750 more than one-half of tbe German people were in a state of serfdom I Sweeden imposes a tax on all foreign con cert singers who attempt to &ing; within her borders. Arrangements are being made to establish In California a colony of 240 families from Alsace. A Berlin inventor has get up a mtiBical sewing-machine, which tufns out tunes qs fast as work.' The Suez Canal is making money in spite of hard times. Its receipts are 175,000 francs per day. Tbe German Government has declined to permit the landing of an American cable on its coast. In the German Empire are forty-five towns with 50,000 people each, and twenty-one with 100,000. 'Lily' and ' Blanche' are favourite names among the coloured children in South American schools. The Argentine Republic competing for the world's wool trade, are now bidding for a big frozen meat business. The Sultan employs two German apothe caries and pays them each 5000 dollars a year, with 'free hoard and lodging. The English language is spoken by 100,000,000 people, the French by 45,000,000, and the German by 60,000,000. In Portugal, ballot-boxes for tbe reception of votes are generally placed iu churches be tween the Btatues of two saints. It is estimated that the annual cost for the picking alone of the cotton crop of the South ern States of America is £8,000,000. Prince Bismarck has been presented with a saloon carriage in which he travels free of etpenBe on every railroad in Germany. The London Standard says the continued seclusion of the Queen from public life must seriously injure both the throne and tbe people. In the face of all the disasters that have at tended expeditions towards the North Pole, there are indications that another is to be' undertaken. Slates which have roofed Carrick Castle for 300 years are found to be perfectly sound. Yet tbe Irish quarries whence they were takeu are all but idle. Mr. J. A. Froude is now engaged in super vising a cheap nnd ' popular ' edition of ' Oceaniac,' which ; Messrs. Longman will shortly announee. Nearly half a million dollars of the assets of the defunct Townsend Savings Bank, of New Haven, Conn., were sold at auction for less than 500 dols. For tbe new census of Germany, which began on 1st Decemher, no fewer than 51,000,000 blanks were prepared, weighing 340,4921b., and costing over £5000. The evidence has turned ont to be eo slight against George Dubois,, the man arrested in Paris as the suspeoted murderer of M. Barreme, that he has been liberated. The list of 52 persons killed at grade crossing of steam railroads in Philadelphia during tbe year 1885 presents an old com plaint in a new and appalling light. Tbe Agent-General has sent word that Mr. A. Strauss, of Frankfort-nn-Maine, avers that permanganate of potash and a strong injection of morphia is, a certain cure for snakebite. Nearly 200 men engaged at Hawarden Colleries recently ; received notice to qnlt. The lessees intend to close the works, as it la found impossible to work them at a profit. ? A recent report to the English Royal Sooiety of Arts shows that of the 12,000 deaths whioh have occurred in coal mineB slnce'1875 only one-fourtb have been caused by fire damp. At Birmingham, Conn., the body of ayonng woman was disinterred, and all the pins in her hair and shrowd removed to quiet her ghost, that had been disturbing the neighbour hood. According to an Alexandria telegram, tbe Italians are fortifying the isthmus connecting the island of Massow&h; with the main land, so as to provide against any attack by Osman Digna. That ' one swallow does not make a sum mer ' seemB a natural English aphorism ; bnt for all that, it is a thousand yeara old, and; is to be found in the same shape in Aristotle's Ethics. 