FICTION. From En g1 Ub, American» HIKI Otlirr Perlo (Menin. LOCH ANIM'S TOWERS. CHAPTER VIII.-(Continued.) ", And is not very often in it, especially toward night-is that it ?" continued Kincaird. The maid nodded, and rubbed a grimy hand across her mouth to hide a sickly smile. I " Well, I have business with him. I want to see hira immediately. Can you tell me where I should be likely to find him ?" She shook her head dubiously. " A little later an' you'll be sure to find him over "j. *i," tot;-... /-?.."> -D..4. -.-i-11 T> m, nie ¡stirrup L,up. aux just now-weil, J. m sure I bean't ablo to tell." Kincaird stood a moment gnawing impatiently at his under lip. '. What time was he hero last. Did he have breakfast ?" " Oh, no, he don't often breakfast heie, sir, least- wise I don't think be cares for breakfast anywhere." " No, I suppose not," frowning still more sternly. " He takes his breakfast out in drams. Wretched boy, he ia not improved, I see. But see here, my girl, I must see the fellow, and before he spends much time at the Stirrup Cup. Couldn't you get leave and go and look for him, and bring him here to me ?" He held a broad silver coin toward her as he spoke. Her eyes twinkled, and she courtesied. " I'm sure the gentleman's very good. I'll ask the missis." And leaving him there on the threshold she skurried down a dim flight of stairs, and was heard paileying with a shrill voice, which seemed to rule those unknown depths. She came back, pulling on a faded worsted hood, though it was midsummer. "I be 'lowed twenty minutes, sir. Rothsay's room is at the top of the top stairs. I'll be brmg I ing him up if soover I can find him. An' I knows a chap as will help me." | She waved her toil-hardened hand at him in a sort of a mock adieu, and vanished. Kincaird clambered up the long, dark stairs, and found the barren, forlorn room whose chief furnish- ing seemed to be made up of a dirty bed, a rickety table with half a dozen empty bottles on it, and one dingy tumbler near them. He looked up at a shelf which held only a few soiled writing materials, and two bioken clay pipes. *' Books all pawned in this short time," he mut- tered, angrily ; the books he promised to study and profit by, the graceless wretch." There were two chairs by the bedside, but Kin- caird did not sit down. He stood bolt upright in the middle of the room, with nostrils dilated, and lips curved disdainfully. It seemed to him that contact with anything in that room would be con- taminating. All the fine scorn which his thoughts had worked up was in his voice, when he turned to greet the shambling step that came up the stairs something less than half an hour afterward. " You miserable driveler ! is this the end of your solemn promises to mo ! You need not say a word. I can read the whole story in this demoralized room which I left you neat, and tidy, and comfortable." A young man with pale face and heavy eyes, and bloated cheeks crept by him, and dropped into the nearest chair. His knees were shaking, his hands trembling. " Well, now, Ken, my boy, don't be too rough on me," he whimpered, "you'll be sorry afterward. I've been sick." " Sick ! Drunk, you mean. And drunk nearly all the time, judging by your looks. Rothesay, you will make me lose all patience with you." " Make you ! didn't you begin that way, before you had a sight at me ? Come, como, Ken, I serve your turn all the better for it, don't be so hard on me when it's all the better for you. I saw old Adam watching mc the other day, and chucklincr." " But do I want yon lo go to the dogs in this way ? I tell you, Rothesay, 'you can do better if you are a mind. It is fearful to throw yourself away in this fashion. An idle ne'er-do-well was bad enough, but a perfect sot, a wreck such as you, will shoutly be beyond the power of any help. I can't reconcile it to my conscience to allow you another farthing. I'd better let you starve; by Heaven, I had, if only for your soul's sake." "No doubt about that, Ken. If you'll agree to make short shrift of it, I'm willing. There isn't much good in my living now, I can tell you, if you knew how deadly faint I feel this minute." He put up his shaking hand, and wiped a few maudlin tears. Kenneth Kincaird stared at him in angry per- plexity. "I don't know what to do with you," he said, slowly and gravely. " I've had many knotty prob- lems already in this life of mine, which has not Lad much real youth in it, for all its few years ; I have always faced stern truth ; but I was never quite so puzzled as bj'you. Good'heavens ! man, am I to have you staring out upon me like an accusing ghost, and spoiling all my joy, supposing that I do attain my ends and gain the goal ? Could I sit quietly in my own happiness, knowing that your pitiful life had gone to wreck ? I say I will not have you ruined. I will save you in spite of your miserable self." " Ob, pooh, pooh, Ken, don't bother your head about me, unless-you might get a glass of whisky -just one glass, you know, to set me uj), and stiffen up those limp nerves. That wonld be real kindness, and save youl- own cause, too, for I've news to tell you," coaxed the poor wretch. " A cup of good coffee, strong coffee, that might do something. I'll seo if there is any one here can get it for you." I " Let me go. I'll ßud Nancy." j " Sit still, I tell you ! I'll go myself. You'll b< getting moro poison!" commanded Kincaird, and went off down stairs until he found some one who pointed out the way to such kitchen as there was. He came back with a great bowl of black coffee, and found the young man crying, his poor bleared eyes really streaming with genuine tears. " You're much too good to a poor devil who don't know how to bo good himself, Ken. You're the only friend I've got in the wide world. But there's no good in your trying to keep it up. Lot me go, Ken-let me slip." " But I won't, I say !" declared Kincaird. " Did you ever know mo to give anything up that I set my heart upon ? I'll seo you a man yet, in spite of youiself and this accursed whisky. Come, dtiuk this coffee. There isn't that more heartening than that vile stuff with which you poison your whole system ? You're boginniug to look better already. Drink it all." He waited a few minutes and watched the colour come back to the sick, pallid faco, and the limp figure straighten into a semblance of strength. " Now then," he said at length, " you'll tell me what you have to communicate about my own affair. You have kept your faith with me there, I hope." " I have ! Indeed I have, Ken. I should be a dog indeed if I didn't. Upon ray soul, if it was your ruin the drink accomplished I believe I should manage to put it away. I do believe that I should manage somehow. But when it's only me, a poor motherless vagabond, with a curse coming straight down upon me. Tush ! what's the use of talking it over? Come, now let us to business. I believe there's new mischief brewing, or else he's made up his mind to strike the blow sooner. Are you ready for him ?" " No, Rothesay, I'm not quite ready. But tell me why you think so ?" They talked together something like an hour longer. Every added moment of Kincaird's stay seemed to add now vigour and strength to the poor unfortunate, and when they parted he said with dreary pathos : '* If I only had you by me always, Ken, I could manage to be decent. I am sure I could." "You have ¡70Í to be decent. I'll hire some honest fellow to be a gaoler to you, and watch you day and night, but what I'll have you saved from this evil way of yours. See, I'm going to lock you in here till I find some one to come and see to you. I'll be back as soon as possible. But I must get down to Josselyn's office. Go to bed, and take a sound sleep. It will'do better for you than any medicine. And I'll come back as soon as I can." He suited the action to his words, locked the door, and took the key down stairs, where he left it, with directions that more coffee and some food should be carried up to his prisoner, but that he should be kept in the house until his return. CHAPTER IX. THE ENCHANTED PRINCESS. The sun shone with unusual brilliancy the morn- ing after Kenneth Kincaird's departure, and never was the loch more lovely and enticing with its dimpling splendor of wooing smile. But the ladies had just discovered that Mrs. Elsimore's birthday occurred the first day of the next week, and had concocted a pretty scheme for dressing up her favourite room on that day. Straightaway they took prompt account of all the resources of their several trunks and work-baskets, and gathered together all possible materials of silk and worsted, of tinsel, and chenille, and planned out an ambitious mantel drapery, and lambrequins for the tall windows, which would require industrious devotion of many busy fingers. Therefore they courageously refused all invita- tions to walk, or ride, or sail, and devoted the ensuing days to needlework, and the out-of-door verandah. The gentlemen were left to their own devices. Mr. Elsimore carried off Sir James on a drive around the mainland. Jack Annerly went off early ' with Sandy JlacDougall and his gun, promising to accomplish great results under such leadership. Neil Lockawe, who had taken to maneuvering a boat for himself, had gone skimming along shore, perhaps with the thought of improving the oppor- tunity for a solitary visit to Eagle's Crag. So when Jock's boat appeared heading for the lauding, there was only Donald to answer his hail. He went down, however, promptly. " Where were you thinking of going, Jock?" he asked, listlessly. " I'm your only possible passen- ger." " That's a pity-a very great pity, for there's a fine breeze. We could go way cut to sea beyond the farthest island without a tack. Wouldn't Miss. Maude like to see the islands?'1 " No hope of that, Jock. The embroidery fiend has thein all in its clutches. . But I'd like it my- self. How about getting back by dinner-time ? It will be hard getting back, will it not ?" " I no think it. I should come up on the other side, and then Rick across. Yet you will be doing well to take your luncheon." "I wish Lockawe were here; but he's off alone in the little boat." " Oh, ay. I saw him hugging the shore down there, You might be picking him up, if it was your wish, sir." But Jock's tone did not suggest any personal desire for this last proceeding. J " All right ; we'll do it. I'll run up to the house for a basket of luncheon. Tell Doyle to send down the lines." And Donald, with recovered spirits, flew to make his preparations. In less than half an hour they were sweeping out toward the sea under a stiff breeze, though keeping close enough to shore to be able to intercept Lock- awe. As they neared the village mooring-ground they saw a boat just coming in, and Jock pulled off his cap and kept it off till the two boatsMiad met and passed each other. " Who is that, pray ?" asked Donald, curiously. " And is it the black hood will deceive you ?" re- turned Jock, in a very cautious voice. " That is is Bart rowing, but Norna is at the tiller." Donald rose up with a gay smile. "We aro going out to the islands, Norna. Give me a blessing and the promise of seeing the beauti- ful unknown there," he called out loudly. Norna waved her hand, and in her deep, melodious tones came the words : " So let it be." (To le continued.) DEW OP THE ALPS.-The very name of this cele- brated Swiss tonic is appetizing, and its beneficial effects as a restorative and invigorant, an antidote to miasma, a remedy for general weakness and ner- vousness, a means of averting the diseases incident to hot climates, and a specific for dyspepsia, are beyond all question. These are good reasons why we should congratulate oui'readers on the introduction of the oldest, and most famous, and certainly th« most palatable, of all European cordials into this far away corner of the globe. The only agents of the proprietor in Australia are Messrs. M. Moss and Co., and to that enterprising firm we owe its importation into Australia. It is already a favour ite with every class and calling among us, and may be regarded henceforward as a staple article. 46 