The Q..T.C. Handicaps. [Bt'.'Vbeas.'] Tub Committee of the Q.T.O. mado a grand mistake when they appointed Mr. B. B. Daw barn as their handicapper. Thoy may havo thought that their choice had fallen upon a man well qualified to do the work, but all such delusions must be dispelled by this tim.9. No one can glance at the weights for tho Moretoa Handicap and Brisbane Cup without shuddering at the glaring blunders displayed in them. What reason had the committee for not em ployinor Mr. Graham Havearth as usual ? He is the best handicapper in the oolony, and has done nothing that I am aware of to forfeit the confidence of the hsad club. If he was passed over even because he was secretary of Tattersall's, all I can say is, it is a piece of paltry work that is unworthy of a body of men like the committee of the Q.T.O. That they will be taught a severe lesson for their folly I have no doubt, and I sh«U expect to seo a very Email acceptance. Although I don't agree with all that Mr. Haygarch does in the way of handicapping, still I have a great respect for his judgment, and must say that he does not often go wrong, and, what is more to the point, he invariab.'y gets a good acceptance. The present handicaps would afiord food for mirth and laughter' if the question was not too serious a one to smile over. Mr. Dawbarn must have been looking at things from a very jocular point of view when ho put 9 st. 10 lbj. and 9 Bt. 8 lba. on the bf:k of an animal liko Royal Irishman. Another injustice to ' ould Ireland.' Lanaer nos Deeu allotted top weignt in Dotn events, with 10 st. 1 lb. and 9 st. 13 lbs. Probably when the b&ndicapper; gave him this weight ho thought he would win the Sydney Cup, but he did not do so. Lancer is a good horse, but when he won the Hawkesbury Handicap he had 7 st oi his baok. Surely 3 at. is not the difference between all our Queensland cracks and the southern horses, and yet this is what Mr. Dawbarn would have us believe. At the May meeting of the Q.T.O. last year My Love was considered good enough to give Lancer a stone. Lancer at that meeting won the May Handicap with 8 st. 7 lbs., and tho Brisbane Gup with 8 st. 3 lbs. Although a Hawkesbury winner, Lancer is not a 2 stone better horse now than he was then. I wonder what Finnio would think with Medusa or My Love in a Hawkesbury Handicap with 7 st., and yet, ao ccrding to the handioapper, they would get even lees than that. Lancer is out of court with his weight. Yately is judged equal to Ltmoor, aud I don't think the grey has the ghost of a show. Medusa has got 9 st. 11 lba. in oaoh race, Royal Irishman 0 st. 10 lbs. and 9 st. 8 lba. Bat tailous, My Love, Soldier Boy, B.Y., Petronel, and Quomboneson I don't think have the least show with the way gome of the others are handicapped. B.Y. carried 7 st. 4 lbs. and 7 st. 7 lbs. when he won the double here. It is very oiideit that he is not to have any more doubles if it can possibly bo helped. Darkness has got simply a ridionlous weight, and hag over a stone more to carry than when she was defeated at Tattorsall's. At the recent meeting Qoatn btneson was giving Darkness a couple of stone all but 5 lba., and the Dnraok party felt sure they could beat the gelding. In tho present )inr-n!f\AnH OnnmYvmaonn ivivaa Tlarhnoa] 4 lbs. and 3 lbs. Pass the S. and B , please waiter. The owner of Bonnie Bee must be chuckling immensely. If Mr. Dawbarn sup po&tB; Lancer to have * chance with his weight, ?what must he think of Bonnie Bee with 8 st. 0 lbs., and 8 Bt. 7 lbs ? Bonny Bee ran Lancer to a long neck for the Hawkesbury Handioip. At that time he was only in receipt of G lbs. from him ; now ho gets 1 st. and 6 lbii. ; just a atone better terms. Goodness! this looks well. Havelook is ont of it with his weight. Folly, 8 Bt. 8 lbs., and 8 st. G lbs., has never done much to set the Thames on fire. Aga, 8 st 6 lbs., and 8. st. 3 lba., is fairly well weighted. Pirate is not badly in with 8 st. 3 lbB.' and 8 Bt. 1 lb., as the early part of laat year ho was considered to be within 3 lbs. of Lancer. If in anything like form he ahonld carry the all blue prominently. Joit'a Derby winner — Elbe— has 8 st. 1 lb. to cany. He has not been doing nrush m publio of ( lato, and I am in the dark as to how the horse has gono on. Pirate has, as I have said before, a look in with 8 at. 3 lbs. and 8 st. 1 lb. 'Ho is not by any means a bril liant horse, but ho always looks as though he oould go if he liked. Laurel II. with 8 st. has cot much of a show, and may be ptusoi o-er. What ehe ha a done to got this weight I fail to see. Gorans, 8 et. 2 lba. and 8 et., must have a big lay in tile matter, and to put saoh a mare as Laurel tho two, as Jott calls her, on i he same terms is ridiculous. If Bonnie Bee (.nd Comus accept, it will frighten a lot of the others away. I am afraid that they will do so as it is. Pot Girl and Privateer ;I have no fanoy for, and First Water is not good enough to win in thin oompony. Boohelor is another that I don't think has much chano3. Porchance, 7 st. 11 lbs. and 7 st. 9 lbs., has got in well, and should figure prominently in tho race. Adamantea I would not baok if Bhe had 6 st. 7 lbs. up, as sho is such an uncertain brute. Burl ord and Wolseley are a pair that cannot win. The former iso good-looking horse, and well bred ; but neither of them are perfootly eound. I fanoy The Exeter, if he is worth his salt, must have something to do with tho finish with 7 st. 7 lbs. and 7 at. S lbs. Sioily is a mare that I have great admiration for, and I don't think she was by any means soen at her test at Tattorsall's meotitg. Sho haa '? quality' writton all over hor, and looks a raro bred ono, and so sho ti. Mr. Finnie muit hold a strong hand for tb.583 ovonts, and it would not surprise, ma if Sioily turned out to bo tho boat of tho trio. Sho haa ptco ond con stay, two very requisite qnnUtiee. Carhle, 7 st. 6 lbs. and 7 at. 3 lbs., 18 not badly dealt with. What on oarth Barra nutt wns cnt-red for I don't know. Probably to be left at the poBt. Ho is an ugly oustomor, with a hi nd liko tho front of a barge.. Hearts ease, M-ilvorn, Glast nbury, and Counterfeit have about as much ohanco as I should havo if I ^artod to run tho courso myself, and that would be nil if all the horsos did not coino down. Mr. Dawbarn may bo sutisflol with his work, but he will be abont tho only man that is, I should fancy, with perhaps tho exception of tho owners of Bonnie Bco and Oomus. The Q.T.C. havo made a groat mistake. If they are made to auffor for it, I hope tho lesson will be a benefioial ono. For the double, I fanoy Bonnio Bee. Tho best trio in the Moreton Handicap are Bonnie Bee, Comus, and Sioily ; and in the Cup, Bonnie Boo, My Lave, and Comus, or Pirate. 