T1CT0EIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. uliiyp jSaiioxai, Stsepxechase Meeting* CrR03I Om 31ELB0T32X2 COBKE3PONDBST.) | Saturday. I Although the weather proved unkind, ii cannot be said that the Amateur Turf Clnb race meeting at Caulfield this after noon was a non-success. Rain does not affect the going mnch there, and the threatening of the weather, with occa sional showers, did not prevent there being a good attendance. His Excellency the Governor wa3 amongst the visitors. Sanders, the rider of Sunshade, who won the Sapling Stakes, was suspended for two months for disobedience of orders at the post, the stewards being determined to make a severe example of those who defy the authority of the starter. TheSapixsc Stakes of 100 sovs. For two yra old. Three fnrloog3. A- Hallnbourg's br f Sunshade, 7st 7lb - (Sanders) _ 1 L. L Smith's b g Epicurean, "at 71b (11. O'Brien) 2 IV. Harper's b f Carnival, 7st 71b (Benee) 3 The other starters were—Fen too. The Dreamer, .Master Xonnan, Protest, Grand, Casuist, Trust, Pingura, Eira, Alexandria, Falka, jSeclarme, Query, Golden Fleece, Dargin, and Julian Gray. Betting—3 to 1 Sunshade, 3 to 1 Casuist, 6 to 1 Epicurean, 10 to 1 Query. "Time, 40a ec. HiTEDtE Race of 200 sovs, added to a sweepstakes of S sovs each for acceptors ; the second horse to receive 50 sovs from she stakes. Two miles. H. Connolly's h h Bonnie Bad, 4yis, Sat (Gardiner) 1 W_ Badcliffe's b h Distiller, Cyrs, lOat S(M'Ivor) _. 2 M. Longhlin's b g Huntsman, aged, list (Connelly) „ 3 The other starters were—Ruby, Ocean, Koolyte, Tanialiser, Sinking Fund, Grattan, Whalebone, Bonis, Townley, Snltan. Time, 4min. ISsec. Szllesg Race, of 100 sovs. The winner to be sold for 100 sovs. Four furlongs and a half. 33\. Weeks' b m Cnba, nil, aged, 7st 131b (O'Brien) ... S. Bench's b m Mabel Gray, nil, 4yrs, (Bence) W. Pearson's g m Meleagrida, ml, 4yrs, 7st 91b (Power) 3 The other starters were;—Liddington, Isa bel, and Meerschaum. - Betting—6 to 4 Mabel Gray, 7 to 4 Cuba. Time, lmixz. ( Cauuielii Gbaxd National Steeplechase A handicap of 350sovs,. added to a sweepstakes of -7sovs each for acceptors ; the second horse to receive SOsovs, and the third 253ovs, from the stake. About two miles and a half. AT Longhlin's b g Game, aged, 12st 121b i (Corrigan) . J. L. Cle-nah's b g Contingent, aged 9st 71h (Allen) J. E. Beeston's br g Terang, aged,lOst41b (Carey) --- The other starters were:—Lady Ashton, Zfative, The Irishman, Wickliffe, and Have lock. Betting—Even money Game, C to 1 Lady Ashton, S to 1 Terang, 10 to 1 Irishman, 12 . to 1 Contingent. Game and Irishman took , the lead, bat at the first jump Lady Ashton was in front, followed by .Native and Game Lady Ashton continned her lead round to the back, Native and Wickliffe lying next. At the aod wall the mare was six lengths in frontof Wickliffe, who, however, shortly took the lead, .Native being, next, whilst Con tingent was last. The order past the stand was Wickliffe, Lady Ashton, Native, The Irishman, Terang. Native nearly came down, bnt was splendidly recovered by Ferguson. Honnd the tarn the same order prevailed. Terang and Native came to grief before thebackwas reached, and at the latter stage Lady Ashton became numbered with the fallen. The competitors were now reduced to Contingent, The Irishman, Game, and Wick lifie, with Terang a loug way in the rear. The sod wall proved too mnch for Wickliffe, aod The Irishman succeeded at the same obstacle in parting company with his rider in a manner which puzzled everyone (including the rider}. The issue was now left to Game and Contingent, and -the Ballarat Vetera had no difficulty in bowling over his solitary opponent, there being abont three lengths between them at the finish. The Irishman came next, riderless, followed byTerang some hundreds of yards away. Time, 4coin. 3Ssec. The Balaclava Stakes, a handicap of 10 sovs ; the second horse to receive lO.sovs outfof the stakes. Seven furlongs. C. S. Agnew's ch m Pocahontas, aged, 6st 61bs(Gorry) ... 1 W. E. Dakin's ch h Qaintia Matsep, aged, Ssfc (Power) ... 3 G. Gnnstons br cu Honeybee, 6st 131b, (Tcxulin) 3 The other starters werer—Chackster, The Ghost, Gardenia, Camerine, Straight Shot, Bridegroom, Maroney, Preston Lands, St. Paul, Kenneth, Western, Honeybee, Black Diamond. Hogmanay, Mia Mia, Maori Chief, MHlstream, St. Louise, Protector, Lord Sutton, and Ex-Premier. This was a good race. Honeybee made most of the running to the turn, where Qointin Matsep came, but was beaten by Pocahontas by half-a-length. Time, 1m. 