SPORTING NOTES. BY " NawMABsai." With the c?cclasion of the Australian Jookey C ub Meeting at Randwick on Saturday last, the spring drama of the odonlal turf may be said to have— as footfoalIerBphra.se it -attained "half time." As far as the intelligent spectator is oon-i oernsd, however,, the denouement is difficult to pronounce. So far, Trident, of couiBe, is the prices, and if he has not altogether won the fairy Success, he is at. least her most favoured suitor, and disports in the sunshine of her smiles, '. while bis rivals are left disconsolate with little hope of obtaining a favour from t c goddess. The October meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club is always' interesting, inasmuch as it enables an estimate being formed cf the - capabilities of several of the Victorian trained horses, and the gathering which takes place on the Flemiogton racecourse to-day promises to be quite as attractive as any of its . predecessors., The sport will commesoe -with' "Ifca Selling Race, which ought to-go to Lando ; Ibut in the case of contiogencies, there are other likely candidates la The Chanter aod Ariel. Of tho Hurdle.Raoa lot I fancy Black Diamond. NabookliBh, and Pan look the beet of the others. .In the Hunt Glub Cap much, of course, will depend on the riders ; but, ail going well, Abdallah ought .to about win; nd perhaps he will be followed by Curiosity and Albatrois, The Flat Race is pretty hard ho pick, but still I like Middlemarch ; and if anythisg isitix upset Jfhie selection, it will perhaps be Millstream. To me the Steeple chase looks 'like a prett good - thing -foa Reticent or. Blackthorn. One of the mo«t open races, of the meeticg is ih& Sapling Bafls. for which I like Hortense, Patience, ; and Design. This weqk has beep enlivened by the pablicatioD of the handicap for the' Moonee galley dap, for wbfch William Tell is jastiy awarded the place of honour, with 9 t. .b. lip. If ail was well with the soW ot&attle-; hram, he would w&ht; tp he a his very beat S>' km 4 r0C "There are rumonrs, | howeyOri that Bis is nilfc" qaite ag well as he pnght to ne,_and, therefore, ha as not iikely- ta he dangercu. His stable eompanion Boolka, . a couple of founds lees, dbci nfot rekd dahgerous, nor .do Danfop or Ispnomy look" dangerous. The 'Ghost, St. ' qj9$Uo, jefind Middlemarch > are nicely wei ghted, Further "down CJmbra, Sedition, Edith, and Honey Bee strike me as faeing uiOely plp&d.; A|h|pg \Ihs middle divisioot Lodd, Gidfly, Keonetb# «nd Meutowte lorfc pud jppu Gioiau, Lwa, and Millstream seem to be the pick of the light weights. The Nagambie Turf Olub has decided to hold its spring meeting on the l2th October, when the following programme wiil be decided : —Maiden Plate, 10 soys. ; Nagambie Tarf Club Handicap. 40 sove. ; Hurdle Race, 25 sovs. ; Tabilk Flying Stakes, 15 boys. ; Ladies' Bracelet, 15 guineas ; Wahring Plate, 15 sovs (winner to be sold for 15 sovs ) ; Maiden Hurdle, 10 sovs., with a £1 sweep to first horse. The publication of the weights for the two jumping rac: s and the Toorak Handicap in connection with the V.A T.G. meeting, which commences next Saturday, were declared daring the week, and, from a cursory glance, I should take Ocean, Revenge, and Tantalieer as the most likely trio in the Hardle Bsee ; and perhaps Native, Reticent, and Bendigo wiil prove the beBt of the other jumpers. Now that the backers . are throwing away enthusiasm, and . are entering npon turf speculations with an endeavour to hold their own in a proved and admittedly up hill game, some of the ringmen in England are enlisting the blandishments of the fair sex by employing pieposEessing female ole ks to use their wiles on susceptible backers. Canning doge, these bookmakers ; don't they know that their most sslicitoas personal offer of 6 to 4 in a field cf twenty has . no great temptation to most racegoers? But fancy . what the effect woald be to the young bloods," who are I doing their level best to squander their inheritance, if they were appealed to by a I bookmaker's female clerk with the beauty of ! a Mrs. L&ngtry; and the voice of a Syren, They would capitulate at onoe, and, for the single pleasure cf sayiog something ' " killing " to the fair oal graphiet, : would, in the intoxication of their delight, j take even money, or lay odds, just to please j their fair tempters. The Indian Planters' Gazette makes the ' following observations on a well-known Victorian horse : — That brute Pollio had better be relegated to the buggy if he oan't do better than run seoond to a moderate horse like Little John. Yet this arrant rogue won the Australian Cop in the quickest - time on record. Mr. gelly Maitland was quite right in telling the gentleman who bought him at Weeks's sale eighteen months age. that the son of Tom WhifRsr was the biggest cur unhang. The brute would rqn second to a donkey were the latter matched against him." A horse named Gyolone, by St. Albans from a Gastle Hill mare, died recently in Tas mania. From the Tasmanian I gather that a meet ing of the committee of the Tasmania!! Racing Olub was held last week. The secretary, Mr. G. H. Weatwcod. reported that he bad written to the owners of bluqd sires in the colony relative to the Twoyear old Sires' Produce. Stakes for- the February meet ng, but had not reoeived replies from the n all. It is Intended to have a race for prodooe of sires, nominated by suUssribers of £10 each, to which the -club will contribute, at least, £50. Arrangements were com plated for imsg Ih9 lotelicator at the November and . February meets. A few alterations were j made in the Bummer programme, the | Derwent Plate being altered to the Wilson ! Memorial Handicap ont of compliment to I the late president of the olub, Sir J. M. ; Wilson, who did so mnoh to resuscitate ; racing in Southern Tasmania. At the close . of the business, Mr. A. Miller, the treasurer of the eiah, was heartily congratu lated upon his safe return to the colony after : his European tour, and briefly acknowledged the compliment. The appointment of Lard Landonderry to ' the Lord Lieutenancy (says the World) : could not have happened more opportunely j than at the present time, when the Irish turf 1 is at a very low ebb, owing to all the horses ; of any promise being pioked up by English ' owners or " exported" to this ooontry to be i trained, so as to qualify them to ron for | English handicaps. Bendigo, Rannymede, Kiiwarline, Melianthus, The Baron, MeliL ; font, and Phil are recent oases in point, i | The new Viceroy is fond of racing j but since ! | Lord Normanby's reign no Lord- Lieutenant : ' has " raoed" in Ireland ; but it is Lord Londonderry's intention to do so, we hear, and the information will, no doubt, be welcomed throughout the sister kingdom. j With commendable promptitude, the ; stakes won at the recent A.J O. Spring - j Meeting were paid over to the jraoceeatnl winners on Monday list. As might be expeeted, the | Hon. James White comes in lor the lion's j | share of the prize money ; his cheque ! amounts to £2 720 10a. Mr. T. Jones, the I nominator of Bohemian, iB credited with ! £1,140. and Mr. W. A Long, through the f instrumentality of The Agent and Crossfire, S drew a cheque for £705. The remaining amounts were;— Mr. & Eager, £618: Mr. J R. 8mith, £585 ; Mr. W. T. Lse, £370 s Mr. A- Hansard, £318 j Mr. H. E. Lord. £300; Mr. G. Osbo ne, £292 10s. ; Mr. j. Phillips, £277 ; Mr. T. Driy, £236 ; Mr. J. D. Robertson, £231; Mr. G. Edmonson. £196 ; Mr. W. E. Royd. £192. Altogether a total of £9. 181 was paid away. Those having horses engaged in the Mari byrnong Plate are reminded that they oan escape with the liability of 5 sovs., ooly they must declare out before 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 4th Ootober. At the same date and honr 1 gov. forfeit in oonneolion with the Mares' Produce Stakes will be dug. The booths, gates, and other privileges in eubneettop with the Melbourne Hont Olub meeiiBg, to be held tc-day (Saturday), were At . Kirk s Baaaar on Tuesday bv Messrs. OampbeU, Pratt, and Go,, with the 'ollpwiog result No. 6a booth. nn bill No V £6 -1'if20Q £i2 » N 6» £6 1 No. 7, £6, No. 9a, £10; froit tand, £2 10s ; No 6 booth on fiat, £7 ; No. 8 £7; carriage paddook, £9; main gate. £45' ProoeedB amonnted to £l5210s. t! £ r' S. bhtwepn Leeg and 5 ? - phamPion8"P of Australia gjd L900 aside, was won by Jackeon, after thirly rounds. - Encourad by the suecesi which attended the great Eclipse Stakes at Sandown Park other tacmg entrepreneurs in Eosland are Svrng away extraordinary sums m priEsiL tie latest jpe«t event fa the Lancashire rlate, pron.03d by tbe Manchester Racecourse Com' I pany, to which it is intended to add 11,000 I sovereigns. The race, which is to be open t) two, three, and four years eld, will be run at weight for age. Tbe statement of receipts and expenditure cf the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, from the I let September, 1885, to Slat August. 1S86, h s r been issued. This, show the lecsipta to bare been L9,187- The expenditure is given as LS.490 ; but this .includes L1.55S brought forward as a balance from the previous year. The balance of L696 has been assigned tj the reductiou of the baok overdraft now standirg at L5,747. The receipts include L922 from members' subsptip ions, L7 956 in profits on the race meetirge held during the year, and Ll,221 received in entries for the forthcoming ' Ocvober, December, Febraary, March, and I October, 1887, meetings. In Ocober, 1S85, the Chip meeting brought in L3,5S5 profit; the December mee-ing, L907; February, L527 ; March, L703 ; June, L499; August, L535 The Aril meeting of the present year involved a loss of : L64. The expenditure in- clud-s L4.128 spent oa improvements at the racecourse. The assets of the c'ub are valued at L17.742, including L5,120 for the grand stand, Ll.430 for the iron fencing, and L4,6o0 for the made ground and fencing Owners and (raisers are reminded that nominations for the Elstemwiok Park meeting will close on Monday next. Bohemian, having incurred a 141b. penalty by winding (he Metropolitan, has been scratched for the Oaulfieid Gap. 8 word fish has been struck out of tbe Y. A.T. C. Steeplechase. Eseie met with a slight injury in tbe early part of , the week. The daughter of St« Albans ran a mutton bone into one of her lest while exercising, and was absent from fits training-ground for a ooupie of mornings Fortunately, however, the injury was only » ! slight one, and she is now all right again. i It is said that the injuries Meteor received while running in the A.J.O. Welter Hancioap are not so serious as was at first anticipated, and his trainer has hopes that he will stand another preparation. On palling up after a gallop on ih« t rainingogfound the other morning, Storn away went alightly lame, and had to be eased tn his work. Qainten Matsep, too, diepiayed eigne of soreness after a gallop on Tuesday t morning. | % Settling ever the recent A J C. Spring H Meeting and the Melbourne Hunt Club Meet- I ing will take plaoe on Monday next, at Bowea H TatisrsallV 1 Tbe rumour that Mr. J. Mayo had aold | The Jewel to a Victorian eportaman has bee® 1 oontradloted. 1 Aeuggmtiou haabcen made lo tbe Rogh' I u Club to inoreaae the added money for I the Derby |o 5,000 cove., and raise ihj I entrance lee from SO sovb. half forfeit to 1W I ova. half-forfeit. This course, it is claimed, I will raise the value of tbe prise to tomel&btf; fl like £10000. 1 V.A. T.G. Scratching — Toorak Handicap1 m St. Odillfe Sstie ; Steeplechase: Sworcdahj | Native; Maiden Plate ; Kooiyte ; GaolfieW | Oijp: Bohemian. I ajc following are tbe ecratebirg in I nection with the MelbourLC Hu«J 1 meeting to be ton to dt»y : — U®® fl Gjub Gap: Dollar, Hatka way (ChpmaiMh Thimble, DoutSj Domic, Nartung, fl Hurdle Rpe:,Fpsee. Whisperer, Yellow wrT0 : |iondio» ISSog, Race i TlieGilt.JLdal PaiiwiiJfi-et.Nrjir Sxnlii>cr Stakes: Klta JjiothiijLilma hwe Moianl)g|;. ; ?&i; . We have bei& Rested consequence o! the excavations which a« now being made in Bourke siresi, the Omnibus Company are anafale to obtain n Btand for racecourse 'busas. .# The usual line pf 'b isea to the Fiemington course will, thereforej not be laid on. 