DR. GUINNESS. The inaugural meetings in connection with the mission now being conducted in Brisbane by Dr. Gratton Guinness, under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Association. were held on Saturday night, beginning with an open-air meeting at the corner of Queen and Wharf streets on Saturday evening. At the hour announced for the meeting there were very few persons on the ground, but towards S o'clock a good crowd had gathered round the temporary stage erected for the occasion, attracted thither, no doubt, by the sweet strains of a cornet, which was played in excellent style by the missionary himself. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer, and very short addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. Stewart and W. Whale and Dr. Guinness, each of whom wu very attentively listened to. An adjournment was subsequently made to the schoolroom of the Wharf-street Baptist Church, where similar addresses were given, and hymns sung by tho Evangelistic Choir. On Sunday morning, the Wharf-street Baptist church was filled with an attentive congrega tion, and the service was conducted by the minister (Rev. W. Whale). Dr. Guinness offered prayer, and gave an address based on 11. Peter,3rd chap.,3rd verse. Subject: "Thelast days and the second coming of Jesus Christ." The doctor very earnestly spokeof this being the Saturday evening of the world's history. Three things were noted about these days:—l. They were the last daya; the prophecies were not mere padding to the Bible, but important truth from God; the Church was as a train going into a tunnel, it had its dark ages, but it always emerged into more glorious light; and so it would until the bright millennial day. Right through the world evangelical Christians were turning their thoughts towards the coming of Christ. 2. They were dark days; we were fairly warned of scoffers walking after their own lusts. Some thought the world waa going to get better, but the Bible did not seem to teach this. Morally, socially, politically evil mea and seducers waxed worse and worse* It would be midnight when the Bridegroom came. It would be through storm and dark ness that Jesus would come to His people saying "It is I, be not afraid." In the midst of all your trouble lift up your eyes, for the time of redemption draweth nigh. 3\. They were glorious days. We might wish we had lived when Christ was on earth, but it was better far to live in these last days. They were days of a completed Bible; they were Holy Ghost days. God was willing to fill us now with the Spirit; to be so filled would make as peculiarly forceful for soul-winning. Because of the Holy Spirit these were missionary days. Gospel days. The missionary terved in China, in India, in Africa, and wherever there were men to be saved. He (the doctor) would ask them what their lives were saying in regard to the coming of Jeaus and the last days. Would they come to Jesus for salva tion and guidance ? He could make them safe and keep them right. To Christians he would say. "Be diligent that ye may be found of Him in peace, without spot and blameless." In the afternoon at the Town Hall, while the people were being seated, the choir, accompanied by the organ, played by Dr. Guinness, sang several pieces from the "Christian Choir." At 3 o'clock the whole congregation rose and sang with vigour th« hymn. "He will hide me," after which the Rev. W. Whale asked God's blessing upon the service, and in doing so pleaded that a great blessing might come down upon this city. " Gome, Holy Spirit" was then sung alternately by choir alone and audience alone. The doctor then prayed for the Orange meeting, the Salvation Army, and all those who sought to benefit their fellow men. Then, after singing hymn 64, came the sermon from I. Cor. i., 27, "God hath chosen . . . foolish things" which the preacher illustrated by saying :— Christ's disciples were working men—fisher men; Christ himself was a working man—a carpenter; Paul was a working man—a tent* maker ; Christ spoke of working men when he said " Come unto me, all ye that labour," &c; He then said that he should have one head to his discourse, which was as follows:—"God has chosen the weak things of this world to con found the wise and mighty." He took Gideon for an example saying:—When he excused himself by saying he was unfit for the work then God used him. All God's servants were weak in their own opinion; Gideon, though he felt too weak for the task God gave him, raised an army of 30.000 men. But there were 22,000 cowards in Gideon's army. God wanted no cowards. The army was thinned to 300 men with only pitchers and trumpets. They sounded the trumpets and broke the pitchers. He (the preacher) wanted his hearers to break pitchers next month and so let the lamps inside shine, namely, the pitcher of pride, the pitcher of cowardice, and the pitcher of false retpecta bility. The doctor then gave farther examples of weak things used by God, including Bunyan, MohoB, and Peter. God was more willing to use us than we wereto be used. The choir then sang "Abundantly able to save," after which the meeting closed. In the evening, at the Wharf-street Con gregational Church the building was filled in every part. The service was opened by singing "Lord of the worlds above," the Rev. £. Griffith then offered prayer. The hymn "My God I love Thee" was then sung, followed by the Lesson (part of Luke xiv.). The next hymn was "Come to our poor nature's night." Then came the sermon from two texts, viz., Luke xiv., 23. "Go out into the highways and hedges and compel them to come in." The highway (the preacher said) meant the Queen's highway, and the hedges country places. Many were on the highway to ruin. Wo were to pull people from under tho hedges where they sheltered them selves. Christians were not earnest enough in compelling men to come in. We should use holy ingenuity. " Them" might be taken to mean our brothers, sisters, fathers, mothers, &c.; The preacher upbraided parents and others for not doing their best for the conver sion of relatives and neighbours. He then went on to speak upon his second text, verse 22, " And yet there is room." Dr. Guinness said. "that God had a robe for all who would receive it." He pleaded with the audience to accept the best robe which God was willing to give. In response to an appeal eighteen persons lifted their bands desiring to be prayed for. A fortnight's mission was commenced at the Town Hall on Monday evening. The first audience, like that of the recent Anglican mission, was only a small one; bat everyone was evidently intensely in earnest, including, of course, the preacher, whose style is as for cible as it is dramatic, his pure Saxon English being given with a distinctness of enunciation and clearness which is nnusuaL even in plat form speakers. The Rev. P. Aston, of South Brisbane, delivered an earnest prayer. A hymn was then sung, and* after an in terval of select prayer. Dr. Guinness gave his address. The burden of it was that God's thoughts were not as man's thoughts, nor his ways as man's ways. He especially dwelt on one point—What were God's thoughts about them, and their thoughts about themselves? As a rule, he said, man had a wonderfully good opinion about himself. On the whole he congratulated himself that he was not so bad as other people. Many a man would be horrified at being classed amongst sinners, and yet, according to the Bible, all had sinned and came short of the glory of God. There were none righteous—no, not one. That was a difficult pill for many men to swallow, said the doctor, using a medical simile, which he soon followed up by many others. There was no difference at all; no difference between them and that poor drunkard in the street in God's sight; no difference between a respectable refineef woman, moving in the highest circles of society, ana who might be present at their meeting, and that poor fallen creature creeping along in the shadows of the houses; apparently a strange state of things, but absolutely true—no diffe rence at all. He bad wished at one time to come onfc as doctor to an immigrant ship. Had he had the time to wait he would have done so, and if he bad found a man suffering from smallpox on his vessel he would have had to isolate him from the rest of the pas sengers. So, too, if he found another man just a little ill, only sickening with the disease, he would have had to treat that man in the same way. The second man would have said, "Surely you are not going to put me with that man who is dying of the disease," but he would have had to do so. There wa« no difference in the nature of the disease, £>nd there could be no difference in the treatment. So the plague spot of sin was on •U of them. In the eyes of the great physician they were all tainted with the same disease; so what must God do ? There was no loophole even for Him. He must isolate every case of the disease, and he did so, and the place where he did so was called hell. There was the same •Jwohrtf necessity for the same treatment for ul, if God wero just and loving and powerful. Uod was going to have a pure heaven and a pure earth, and so every ca9e of sin must be isolated. How different were those thoughts from man's thoughts, and the message he bad to give them was of the one who would re ceive all such sinners. They would not be held responsible for that over which they had no control, but they would be held responsible for what they could control They would never be condemned for having a sinful nature, but they would be condemned if they gave way to sin. Was there, he said, anyone thore who had n«ve. r «nned ip thought, or word, or action ?If w>, let him stand up. No one rose, and Dr. Guinness said they were all self-condemned. No matter how much they had sinned, nor how far the disease had spread, there was the diag nosis, and the treatment must follow. There were two other points arising out of this lack of difference. Though they were all equally condemned, they might all be equally saved. Ana then he closed his forty minutes' speech with an eloquent appeal to those pre sent to be saved from the guilt and power of sin. In answer to hib appeal to those who were saved to stand up, nearly everyone rose, and to • further appeal to those who wished to be saved, to rise, the rest, excepting, apparently, only one or two, did so. Then the audience knelt in prayer and fifteen persons, in reply to his invitation, raised their hands as a token that they desired especially to be remembered, and he prayed for their salvation in hearty tones. Another hymn and some notices of ser vices concluded the brisk little meeting. Dr. Guinness has conducted services in the Town Hall every night during the past week. At 3 o clock this (Saturday) afternoon in the Exhibition building. Next week there will be a service every night at the Exhibition, includ ing special lectureo on Tuesday (medical talk to men only), and on Wednesday a lecture to Freethinkers. 