WEDNESDAY, JULY 14, 1886. THE Bill for the amendment of the Ade-<*> laide Sewers Act Amendment Act of 1883-4 was carried through its principal stages in the House of Assembly yester- day. As introduced by the Government, the measure provided for only one altera tion of the existing law, viz., that when the work of making house connections with the deep drains is carried out by the Commissioner under agreement with the owner on the system of deferred payment the cost should be paid in 24 quarterly instalments, instead of in 12 aa at present. In committee, however, another amend ment of the Act of 1883-4 was agreed to on the motion of Mr. Smith, reducing the interest added to each instalment on the amount of the principal remaining to be paid from C per cent, to 5 per cant, per annum. The reduction of interest wOl not, of course, apply to agreements which have been already completed, but those who have current contracts with the Government for payment of the cost of sewage connections will get the advantage of the reduced rate of interest in respect of any future payment of instalments. The Bill, as amended, wOl be a welcome concession in these hard times to property owners in districts where the deep drains may be extended, and it should go far to remove the objections that have been so freely raised 'to the application of the deep sewerage principle in the eastern suburbs. People who are not able at a moment's notice to find the necessary capital for connecting their houses with the main sewers will hardly be able to say that an arrangement which enables them to get the work done by the Government, and gives them six years in which to pay the cost, is not liberal and fair. The reduction of the interest is also to be commended. As the Government borrow the money they spend on these works at 4 per cent, interest it is certainly unreasonable to charge houseowners so high a rate as C per cent. The concession which has been agreed to is the more easily made from the fact that the deep drainage system, financially, is a great success. The present sewage rate of 9d. in the pound returns more than enough to cover interest on the capital expended and thecost of maintenance. Indeed, in his last report the Hydraulic Engineer stated that an eightpenny rate would be quite sufficient for existing requirements, and when the drainage system includes the whole of the area originally intended to be brought under it still further reduc tions will no doubt be made. The introduction of this useful little Bill evoked a growl of apprehension from one or two members who have taken an unequivocal atand of opposition to the further extension of the deep drains. As the measure is altogether one of concession, nobody could hare a word of objection to its prin ciple, but Mr. Ward very dramatically protested against the passage of the Bill being regarded as an indication that the House approved of " forcing the extension of the deep drainage system" on suburbs the residents of which are not yet pre pared to pay for its advantages. Mr. Ward had no particular occasion to alarm himself. The Bill gives the Government no greater power aa regards the extended application of the deep drainage system than they would possess without it. As the law stands already the authorities may, if they think it expedient to do so, override local objections and proclaim any district to be within the deep sewerage area ; and if they were guided solely by the wishes of the Central Board of Health they would doubtless use this power at once so far as some of the eastern suburbs are con cerned. But under a sort of unwritten law, established by Mr. Playford when he was Commissioner of Public Works, Governments have hitherto allowed local feeling to guide them with regard to the enforcement of the Sewers Act, and there is not much fear that the present Ministry will follow a different policy. We do not think, under existing circumstances, that it would be desirable for them to do so. As, however, residents of the eastern suburbs are fortunately able to listen to better sanitary teachings than those of Mr. Ward, it is not boo much to hope that before long the prejudice against the extension of the sewers will die away. Even now the chief objection to it takes no higher ground than that of cost, and the Bill at present before Parliament will help considerably to re move this, more especially as the populous suburbs to the east of the city are beginning to disoover that their continued opposition to the deep drainage system will, not release them from the necessity of spending large sums in some form or other of sanitary improvement. If money must be spent in that direction, it will probably be aeen that it will be better to spend it in carry out die only scheme which, according to the best authorities, is sufficient to thoroughly meet the requirements of the case. On all accounts this con summation is devoutly to be wished. The deep drainage system is not complete while any of the populous suburbs remain outside its area, and although in view of the advantages it has conferred upon the metropolitan population few could be found who grudge its cost, it must never theless be remembered that when the original design is carried oat in its en tirety the expense of working the scheme will be very, largely reduced, with the result that the bi on those who now enjoy the benefit of the new system will be materially lessened. If it were any other member than Mr. Ward who declared that the deep drainage system in Adelaide has been an "absolute failure," there would be some cause for amazement at the reckless disregard of facts which is necessary to such aa asser tion. Mr. Ward, however, is bo accus tomed to pose as an authority on all subjects he discusses, whether he under stands them or not, and to express his views in the language of superlatives, that such a statement coming from him occasions little surprise. Ever since the importation -of a cer tain compound which Mr. Rees has described as a " stink-killer" it is well known that Mr. Ward has regarded the universal adoption of this delectable sub atance as the Ultima Thule of sanitary reform. Mr. Johnson, if not much more reasonable, is more modest than Mr. Ward, for he merely suggests a doubt as to whether deep drainage in the city has had the success claimed for it. It would be interesting to know in what respect the system has failed, as otherwise the unqualified approval of the scheme which has been published by the Central Board of Health may perchance lead other com munities not to enlightened as are Mr. Johnson and the agent of the "stink killer" to follow our unfortunate example. On this point scarcely anything was said except that the Sewage Farm fails satis factorily to absorb the sewage from the city alone, and would be quite unable to cope with thedrainage from other additions to the system. As Mr. Rees pointed out, this objection at best affects merely a question of detail and not one of principle It is quite true that the area, of the fann now under treatment is hardly sufficient to absorb the sewage taken into it, but the difficulty is one which with some further expenditure in making better pro vision for the distribution of the sewage admits of an easy remedy. If Mr. Ward has nothing better to say against deep drainage than this his case is indeed a weak one. It is hardly conceivable that any one who has had the least experience of the filthy dry closet ej stem as it is carried out over a Urge part of Melbourne, or of the festering, fever breeding cesspits which used to stud the city of Adelaide, and still tend to make some of the principal suburbs un savory in the extreme, can seriously deny the vast improvement which is effected by the introduction of the deep drains. Adelaide is now one of the most cleanly and healthy cities in the world, and if any one proposed a return to the "good old times," when the"place fairly reeked with ill smelling accumula tions of human filth, he would probably be scouted as insane. 7?r. financial proposals of the Govern ment are being discussed in a variety of ways. The Treasurer's preliminary budget speech was delivered in Committee of Ways axd Means on a motion for the im position of stamp duties, but the debate ot course has not been limited to the con sideration simply of the question of in creased taxation. Last Wednesday a day was spent in debating the Ministerial proposals on the motion of Mr. Glyde, aflirmingthat die policy of the Government is of an unsatisfactory character. To-day Mr. Ward will return to the attack, and he promises to absorb pretty well the whole of the sitting with a big speech on the series of resolutions of which notice was given some timeago. ThefivepointsofMr. Ward's) "national policy" appear to be—l. The issue of Treasury notes to an extent not exceeding £1,000,000, payable one year after date, and bearing interest at the rate of 2$ per cent, per annum. 2. The gradual but determined completion of the transcontinental railway. 3 The offering of land in the interior on lease for 50 years, with a right of purchase at any time at not less than ss. per acre. 4. The construction of four new railways, viz.—from the Great Northern line to the Queensland border, from Port Augusta to the *'north-west country," from Laura to Appila-Yarrowie, and from Port Germein to Orroroo. 5. Provision for intercolonial free-trade. Of all these proposals the second and third are the only ones likely to receive serious con sideration at die present time. Mr. Fox has given notice of another motion for J uly 21, in favor of the policy of selling and leasing huge tracts of land in the interior ; and Mr. Bosworth next Tuesday will invite the Legislative Council to Him-n— a motion affirming the desirableness of disposing of a portion of our Crown lands " with a view to reduce our deficit; also thereby relieving our producers of the burden of taxation." Meanwhile the dis cussion of the Treasurer's financial state ment is proceeding slowly in the Lower House. Yesterday Mr. Caatine and Mr. Caldwell bore the neat and burden of the day, the former member contributing I* speech of somewhat appalling length. It is to be hoped that next Tuesday the debate will be concluded, and that an effort will then be made to test the question whether if new taxation is to be imposed it should take the shape of a stamp tax and increased probate duties, or the imposition of a property tax. We believe that a majority of the House are quite favorable to sweeping away the income tax and replacing it with a system of taxation on property similar to that which obtains in New Zealand. This change is to be desired not merely to increase the revenue, but to place the incidence of taxation on a fairer basis. The issue is one which can be determined quite apart from the question as to how * the existing deficit should be dealt with, and before the House commits itself by passing the first line of the stamps-tax schedule it is desirable that a vote should bo taken on the subject. We are glad to see that Mr. Caldwell reminded Ministers that they are individually in favor of a property tax. They seem not to know it. But the fact will be remembered distinctly enough if it turn out tltat the view of the Government is that of a majority of the House. The motions of which notice has been given relative to the financial question show that the proposal for selling bind to meet the deficit is gaining ground. The scheme simply to lease with the right of purchase does not, however, give the required guarantee that a sufficient revenue will be at once obtained, and we shall wait rith some curiosity for Mr. Ward's explanation as to how this difficulty will be met. The proposed new railways would, of course, mean a large annual addition to our expenditure in the payment of interest, and few besides Mr. Ward will be found ready to say that this is the time when further borrowing for such doubtful works as at least three of those he sug gests can be undertaken with safety. ifit. Si'ENt-E took hia Beat yesterday in his old corner in the Legislative Council. Before the business of the day was called on he briefly expressed his regret at the necessity which had compelled him to place his portfolio in the hands of another. His own business engagements, it was stated, demanded so much of his tame and attention as to oblige him to relinquish the position of Chief Secretary. Mr. Spence volunteered the statement, which no one will doubt, that he left the Ministry in perfect accord with every member of it, and one and all alike regretted his (retirement. The ?Tplnn*. turn elicited the general sympathy of the House. Bis successor, Mr, Murray, gave a more extended explanation of his reasons for accepting office, and made* very frank appeal to themembera of the Council to aid him in conducting its business. The reasons he assigned for assuming the responsibilities and duties of Chief Secre tary were evidently satisfactory, and there cannot be a question that he will receive the fairest consideration, and at all times when possible the support of the mem bers of the House. Mr. Murray's first appearance yesterday afternoon gave every assurance that he will be an able representative of the Government in the Council. Whatever he may yet have to learn of the forms of the House a little experience will soon put him in posses sion of; at any rate a conscientious preparation for the work that he has to carry through may be expected, and for our own part we are inclined to think that Mr. Murray will soon prove himself to bea the roughly competontleader of the Chamber. Mr. Baker and Mr. Ramsay, as former occupants of Ministe rial positions, intimated to the new Chief Secretary that his appeal for reasonable support would not be in vain. Mr. Baker struck a true note when he remarked that such changes had a doleful side. He certainly felt more sympathy with Mr. Spence in the circumstances which obliged him to retire than freedom to congratulate Mr. Murray. Ministers at the present moment had a formidable task before them, and no one could comfortably cou a gratulate another on undertaking a share of that responsibility. On the whole Mr. Murray had no reason to com plain of the reception he met with. The duties of the representative of the Govern ment in the Upper House are exceedingly onerous, but Mr. Murray's well-known conscientiousness should be a guarantee that he will spare no pains to master the various measures he will be called upon to bring forward. lu the Lower House the Attorney General announced the change in the Ministry, and explained that the retirement of Mr. Spence was due entirely to pressure of private business, and was much regretted by his former colleagues. The matter was nut discussed, so that it may be taken for granted that the appoint ment of Mr. Murray to the vacant position is generally approved. The procevding? in the House of Assembly on Tuesday afternoon were of a rather tame cliaracter lbere was the usual ktringof ques tioDP an],l'd without notice, and it almost mtmcJ as though members spend a con siderable i?rt of the time between Thursday and Tuesday in hunting up grievances or pondering over subjects upon which they cin address queries to the occupants of the Treasury benchea. Reference was made by the Attorney-General to the recent change in the constitution of the Ministry, and Mr. Dowter feelingly alluded to the regret felt by his colleagues and himself, at losing the services of Mr. Spence, who he said had The Commissioner of Public Works moved the second reading of the Sewers Act Amendment Bill in a brief but practical speech. He explained that the object of the measure was to extend the time for payment* in respect of connections with the sewage system bom three to ?z years. The Bui was generally approved by members, although Mr. Ward entered a strong protest against the idea that by pawnig Jt they (were understood in any way ta favor the suggestion to extend deep drainage to the eastern suburbs. The second reading having been carried Mr. Ward got into his usual position as Chairman of Committees when to the astonishment of the House Mr. Castine rote, and carefully straightening out his notes, said—" I have carefully listened to the speech of the Treasurer on the financial proposals ol the Government " A roar of laughter from all tides of the Houie prevented bit proceeding farther, and the boo. member stood with an amazed smile, apparently wandering what was the cause ot the general hilarity. The chairman having recovered his equanimity was enabled to explain the position, and, Mr. Castine resuming his seat, allowed the consideration of the Sewers BUI to be con tinned. On the motion of Mr. Smith it was decided to make the rate of interest received by the Government on account of extended payments 6 instead of 6 per cant., and the Commissionei ol Public Works promUed that in future the lessor rate would ba chtrged on agreements already ?Ti?ti^ The Bill was reported, and .the oonaidaraUon of the report was fixed for the following day. On the notion that the Speaker should leave the chair and the House resolve itself into Committee of Ways and Means, Mr. fees addressed the House on questions ranging from the employ ment by theGoverament of certain professional gentlemen, to the ocean mail contrast, and Mr. Castine's chances of getting off his big speech seemed as remote as ever. That hon. member's tain, however, cime at last, and during the course of hisaddrest be managed by dint of the paternal advice he tendered the Government on various subjects to excite a great amount of laughter. The Treasurer, ever ready to raise a smile, obligingly announced his intention of " ?w?fc??n? a note" of such advice as was given, and this was done in a humorous manner that the House thoroughly enjo]?d. "Here is an important point to whish I wish to direct the attention of the Government," Mr. Castine said on one occasion, and Mr. Bray, pen in hand, waited impatiently to hrar what was coming—'* It is not a new idea," went on the hon. member for Vooroora, whereupon the Treasurer, in well asstimed indignation, threw down the pen and ptetended to take no more interest in the matter. Another bant of laughter was oc casioned when Mr. Caktine innocently placed himstlf in the same category with Mr. Glad stone, who had suggested what he was now propof ing. The hon. member bad a great deal to sty on the reorganisation of the military forces and the issue of Treasury bills, to both of which matters he assured the House he had devoted a considerable aaiount of atten tion. Mr. Caldwell having briefly addressed the Houre, progress was reported, and the committee obtained leave to sit again on Thursday, when the Government expect members to come prepared to finish the debate. Mr. Caldwell retimed the discussion on the *econd reading of the Water Conservation Bill, and urgrd that its consideration should be postponed until after the introduction of the Local Government BilL On the motion of Mr. Coles the debate was adjourned until Thursday. To day Mr. Ward is to speak on the series of motions of which he ha* given notice with regard to the position of the colony, uod members having generously given place to him, it is said that bis oration will detain the House for some three hours. The orders of the day will be postponed until he has finished his remaika. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday the Hon. J. B. Spence. in a few well-chosen words, announced to the Chamber bis resignation of vnice atd the acceptance of the Chief Seore torial portfolio by the Hon. David Murray. The new Chief Secretary made a pleasant im prestionby the modest yet dignified manner in which he reviewed the objections which had occurred to himself, and, he thought, might also have presented themselves to others, in regaid to the acceptance by him of office. The most formidable of these was the fact that on tome points he was known not to be in accord with the Ministerial policy. He ?aw, however, no cause to apprehend in the Ministerial proposals in relation to the busi ness of the session that any cause would arise that would bring his own views into antagonism with those of his colleagues. The great ques tion of the hour was the adjustment of our finances, and on that point he could and would even as a private member have accorded the Government every support. The Hon. R. C. Baker contrived with much tact gracefully to combine condolence with the outgoing with congratulations to the incoming Minister, and expressed in highly appreciative terms his cense of the very satisfactory manner in which the former hon. gentleman bad discharged hi? duties to the State and to the Council. He had promised privately, and would publicly renew Uie pledge privately given, to acoord the new Minister Bis support. The Hon. J. G. Ramsay followed in the same strain. Mr. Bosworth, who wasintroduced by the Hon. H. E. Bright, took ths.seat recently vacated by Mr. Cotton. A private Bill for the incorporation of St, John's Church, Adelaide; was introduced by the Hon. H. Soot* and read a first time, as was also the Real Property BilL The Local Courts BUI was further con sidered in committee and the Council then adjourned till Tuesday next. >n Wednesday, July 21, Mr. F?x will move in the House of Assembly—" That in the opinion of this House such legislation is in cumbent upon it as will enable British and foreign capitalists to acquire the Grown lands of tfiis colony by purchase and upon long leases, with fixity of tenure, so as to encourage the introduction of British and foreign capital, and turn to account the vast unoccupied and at present useless Crown estate of this colony; also that advantage be taken of the Colonial and Indian hxhibition, and of all other avail able mean*, to advertise the fact that vr* have an estate of 578,000,000 of acres to dispose of." Mr. Kingston will ask the Commissioner of Crown Lands in the House of Assembly on Thursday "what will be the loss to a selector who completes bis purchase at the end of his sixth year '""tewi of availing liimaslf of the . full period of credit allowed fay law, money to be cedcosea a* wortt £8 per centum pet annum, and Uajanswer to be givem an parentage ea the amount paid to complete.' Mr. Oaldwell will ask toe Attorney-General in toe House of Assembly to-day—' la there any reason why the Parliament of Sooth Aus tralia should not follow the customs of the Imperial Parliament in having its duties com menced by an acknowledgment of the Divine Being? If there is, what is it? And will the Government take such steps as may be necet sary towards the adoption of the custom which obtains in older countries." Notice has been given by Mr. Bos worth that he will on Tuesday next move in the Legis lative Council—" That it is desirable to dispose ofapoition of our Crown lands with a view to reduce our deficit, also thereby relieving our producers of the burden of taxation." Mr. Srmms will also on toe same day ask what arrangements have been made with toe Vic torian Government or the contractors for the overland railway to Melbourne to carry tbe mails and passengers, and for a time-table for the same. In toe action to be brought by Mr. A. E. Sawtell against toe directors of the Commer cial Bank, the Hon. R. A. Tarlton, M.L.C., one of toe defendants, will be represented by Mr. J. XL Symon, Q.C.; Mr. Harold Downer, who has hitherto been acting for him, being, it is understood, retained by another of the de fendants. Althongh Messrs. J. McDonald & Co'a. tender for cutting 1!)3,000 sleepers in the Willowie Forest was not accepted by the Government, the Conservator of Forests has, with the consent of tbe Commipsionerof Public Works, arranged with toe firm to cut a portion of the sleepers required from that forest im mediately. Mr. Brown leavts Adelaide this morning for Willowie to set the work in hand. Local labor will be employed as far as poasible, and it is expected that tbe contractor will commence work next Monday. The chief inspector of vermin destruction, who has returned from a visit to the rabbit paities in toe hundreds of Pamaroo, Hardy, Coglin, Cavenagb,Paratoo,Na';kara,Bendleby, Yanyarrie, t/roonda, Enrilna, Yednsloe, Wineaoda, CudUmudla, and Kamyaka, reports that toe work is proceeding very satisfactorily, and only a few rabbits are to be seen except on the ?iniml leases, to which toe parties have not yet gone. Bain fell in the hundred of Bendleby on July 5. The parties are now destroying wild dogs, and 22 have been killed eince the instructions were issued. A petition from the Women's Christian Tem perance Union, presented to the House of Assembly on Tuesday by Mr. Duncan, senior member for- Wooroora, contains the following requests:—" 1. That dause 86 of the Licensed Victuallers Bill may be so amended that it may be made il'epal to supply to children in toxicants in public houses under auycircuin stance whatever. 2. That Sunday-trading in intoxicants may be declared absolutely illegal. 3\. That toe employment of barmaids may be made illegal. 4. That separate second tap rooms, private ban, and public-house screens be discontinued." An inquest was held on Saturday, July in, at the rrsidecce of Mr. JuMus Bothe, neir Waterloo, to enquire into the circumstances attending toe death of Christiana Both*, an old woman 69 years of age, who was found dead on toe morning of toe previous day, with a large scalp wound. Mr. S. Dawson acted as coroner, and Mr. Charles Kerr was foreman of toe jury. From toe evidence it ap peared that the deceased, Julius Rothe, her brother, with whom she has been living, for StOyeai?; Augusta Wemer, her daughter, and William Gebbardt, her grandson, all lived together, and retiied to bed between 6 and 7 o'cli-ck on toe evening of July 8. The deceased was heard to get up in the night and go into the kitchen adjoining, bat she returned to bed again, and nothingrurtherwasheardof her until morning, when see was found dead, lying on her back in front of the fireplace in the bed room. The deceased was rather eccentric, and given to wandering about in the night. Dr. H. F. Harvey, of Auburn, who had examined the body, said hi found no other marks of violence, and he did not think toe wound on tbe head was sufficient to cause death, unless accompanied with more violence than there was any evidence of. He did not think tbe wound conJd be caused by*fall, and it had all the ap pearance of having been occasioned by a mode rately sharp instrument, and by a second per son. The shock following toe infliction of toe wound would, at deceased's age and in her emaciated condition, be sufficient to account for death. The jury found toe cause of death to be shock to the system caused by a wound " inflicted upon the deceased's head, of which there is no evidence to show how or by whom inflicted." With reference to toe crops in the neighbor hood of Kapnnda toe local paper writes:—The rains in tbe early part of last week have been followed by showers that will be very benefiaial to the crops, which everywhere in this neigh borhood are looking strong and healthy con sidering the drought which has been gone throngn. Mr. JT. K. Smith, of Fords, had 10 sheep killed and 46 wounded by dogs which attacked his flock on Sunday. The Kapunda Herald ?ays: —*? Two of tbe dogs were followed home, and the names of tbe ownets in this way ascer tained. The actual number of sheep killed and wounded doea not represent the damaze to toe flock, as the injury to toe ewes and lambs is *ery great." Messrs. T. Bnrgoyne,M.P., and P. B. Coglin, M.P., on Tuesday presented to toe Minister of Educationapetitionfrom residents in the bncdred of Willoclra asking for school ac commodation for their children. They sug gested that the building should be erected near the eight mils pott on the travelling stock road, lietween Wilmington and Qaora. The Minister said be would obtain a report on toe matter. On Tuesday afternoon toe Hon. J. M?*j?i_ M.L.C., and Mr. F. Basedoa-, M.P., intro duced a deputation consisting of Dr. Popham, and Messrs. W. F. Wincey and F. Harris, to the Minister of Education (Hon. Dr. Coekburn), and asked tost Gawler might be connected with Adelaide arid Port Adelaide by telephone. The deputation stated that tbe cost of toe work would be small, and that they were willing to guarantee toe interest upon it, but they thought that a profit wonld result to the department by tbe connection. The Minister promised to obtain a report on toe subject and to communi cate with Dr. Popham. Tbe lambing at toe Hill River station (says the Clare paper of July 13) is finished, the percentage being SO, which, considering the season, is satisfactory. The mortality has not been so great amongst toe lambs as amongst the ewes, and especially the old ones. The young sheep, however, owing to their hardy constitutions, have so far (rot through the bad season remarkably welL Two small flocks of stud sheep have returned a percentage of 120 and 107 respectively. Owing to toe absence of (ufiScient rain no water has run into the dams at the head station for two years. Since the rains the pasture land is assuming a green tint, and the fted is coming on nicely. The arbitration awards in connection with certain claims, made by owners of land through which toe Mount Gambier railway passes, ?gainst toe Government for damages through severance, and for land taken for railway pur poses have (says tbe South- Bastcrn Star, of July 13) been prepared by Messrs. Moore and Danes, and are uow ready for taking up. Fees amounting to £84 in each case have to be paid on taking up toe awards. It has been stated on good authority that toe awards are in favor of the appellants, toe margin in two of toe cases being very small. Mr. Sassa nowsky, who churned £2,200, has, we under stand, been awarded £1,070, the Government j I offer being £750. Mr. A. F. Laurie has been ! awarded £206 10s., toe claim being £400, and the offer £200. Mrs. Bore, whose claim was £800, is awarded £230, the Government offer being £220. The action of the Government in closing on July 8 the two cemeteries hitherto existing at Lobethal has placed the residents of that town ship ma ntoer peculiar position. In fact it is scarcely safe for any of them to die just now, as they do not know where they may be buried. It seems that a piece of land has been reserved for neeropolitan purposes on the outskirts of the town, but it has yet to be fenced in, cleared of ecrub, and otherwise fitted for toe duties it is intended to fulfil, so that it is entirely unprepared at present should any occurrence necessitate its use. This matter formed the subject of debate at a public meeting held in Lobethal on Monday evening, Mr. J. Davids being in toe chair. After some discussion a committee consisting of Messrs. J. Davids, Pfeiffer, Baumgaertel, L&uterbach;, Groder, and W. Ky were appointed to frame a petition to the Government asking them to re-open toe cemeteries. Mr. Arthur Diamond (of Messrs. P. Folk and Co.) writes to his firm from Derby as follows with reference to the Kim berley goldfields:—"l saw a number of returned diggers, and rront all toe infor mation gathered there can be no doubt that toe goldfields are genuine. Gold has been found over a large tract of country, and there is evidence of gold-bearing reefs in pro fusion ; at the same tune it cannot be too often repeated that it is madness for any bat well equipped parties to attempt the journey. Horses | are a sine qua non, and a good supply of money to purchase supplies, which will be found plen tiful in Derby and at reasonable prices. At present water is very scarce on the field, but is in good supply on the track. I would not advise parties to bring drays; packhorsas are preferable and safer on account of the state of the track in some places. I saw in a Perth newspaper that clerks and shopmen are on their way up to sDerby. It is simply madness for euch to go at toe present time, as there is no chance of employment." A special meeting of toeshareholdan in toe Grange Railway and Investment Company was held on Tuesday at toe oompany\ offioe, CpiiieSreet, Mr. A. Harray, MP. (chair man of directors), presiding, to concider toe propriety of winding up the oomp-mf. Iba chairman stated thst too cosnpuiT owsd. bo* tween £15,000 and £16,000, their principal creditor being the Queensland Mortgage Com pany. Their assets oompriaed the railway and rolling stock, which coat £30,000; land pur chased at a coet of £83,000; good mortgage* ? t? the extent of £6,000; and doubtful mortgages amounting to £5,000, which might be expected to realise £1,000. The only asset they could dispose of in the event of the com pany not winding up m the rolling-stock, which cost £3,000. They could not raise any money at present to carry on the company, though if the times were better no doubt with assets valued at 80s. in the pound the compuy would be regarded as being in. a sound condi tion. The question of carrying on remained with the creditors to decide, and these might be induced to allow them to go on a little longer . until they could realise on some of their securities. The Government had agreed to tun a limited number of trains on the One at a cost of about £12 a week, and there would thus be some accommodation for the Grange resi dents, though the place had lost some of its in-* habitants lately owing to the reduoed faculties. He suggested feat the resolutions which had been drafted should be proposed, and than liquidators might be appointed. This would give them time to make another endeavor to payoff thir debts. The first resolution was— ?'That it is desirable to wind up and dissolve the company," which could only be agreed to by persons holding at least two-thirds of the shares if sued. The second proposed resolution, which it was not necessary to carry, was— "That the directors, on behalf of the ettm-x pany, be requested to take the necessary steps i to wind up the company in the provisions of - the Companies Act." Several shareholders i haying spoken the meeting was adjourned till Friday, there not being a sufficient number of i shares represented for the resolutions to b* carried. . ? A meeting of the council of the South Ans- ? tralian branch of the Geographical dociety of ? Australasia was held at the society's rooms, ' Victoria-Equare, on Friday, July 9. Sir Thoa. i Elder (vice-president) occupied the chair. Toe ; acting-president reported that he had inter- * viewed bis Excellency the Governor, who con sented to read a paper in the courae of a>" eonple of months; also that Dr. Kcnmon lull' promised to read a paper during the nest - session. A telegram from the Victorian ? branch was read, inviting the 8. A. biased to co-operate with the other branches in request-' ing his Excellency Lord Camngton to ask - that her Majesty the Queen will be pleased to grant her patronage to and permit the assump- - turn of the title of the Royal Geographical Stciety of Australasia. It was resoTveirthajt " a telegram be dispatched to the president of the New Booth Wales branch supporting the recommendation. Aletter was alsoreoeived from the Victorian branch urging the necessity ?E collecting all matter relating to Sooth Sea sod Antarctic voyages. The acting president jnei-.. mieed to write to the president of the geo graphical Society of New York to aaoerta~-n__ whether any information could be obtained in. the United States relating to the whaling and - sealing expeditions fitted out some 60 years ago from several American ports, many of which expeditions had been id the habit of. rendezvousing at certain points of the Austra lian and New Zetland coasts, but excepting a - we had bo records of these important voyages. Mr. J. W. Jones (one of the eecretariei) re-^ ported thathnman remains werelyingatCoongia statioD, supposed to be toe remaiiis of Gray. one of the Dilated expedition of Borke and Wills. It was resolved that Che Surveyor-.. General be asked to azraage far jury offieers-df . the Survey Department who may be in the locality to bring the remains to Adelaide fora professional examination, and that the manager of Coongie station be written to for full par ticulars. Several old maps and plan* toy Colonel Light and others were pmsuulua by Messrs. A. S, and M. S. Clark, and they wen The annual meeting of members of the North Adelaide Institute was held in the building on Tuesday evening, Mr. C H. Goode presiding. ~ The attendance was small The chairman said that at Una their first annual meeting they bad mnch reason to congsabuate titan selves on the success which bad attended their efforts during the past half-year. ' The institute bmUing, which baa oat%~ about £3,800, waa now entirely ftee' from debt, and although they certainly had ? deficit of £600 or £800 this was on account of books and furniture purchased, and had nothing whatever to do with the building fond. The hop, treasurer (Mr. F. Wright) presented the half-yearly balance-sheet, which iilmwiil : that the receipts for the ?ix months had bam £77 6s. 6d, the current expenses £tU la. 7d., and the propeiiy account £U8 - 16a. 3d. The bank- overdraft now stood at £518 13a. 7d. The report of the secre tary (Mr. G. H. Crawford) showed that - during the period under review 381 books . had been circulated. Between 69 and 70 a ire volumes would abofftly be added totbe liiiarr, and as they also took a lSmo?tbbr neriodicata and received 90 vajmnes quarterly from the Adelaide Circulating Library, tbefibrary eoav Uined at present a fair number of ' books, although not tally- ao many as were needfa, Though the pomber of ' volumes in the library was not vary great - the quality was ejjueifaui, much r care having Man taken in their sdeatinn. There were 80 twlfi on thsrofl, all of whom bad paid their subscriptions. Some discnariaai" took place as to paying off the bank overdraft by obtaining a loan of£7oo or £800, and it m? decided to refer the matter to the bnanee com- ; mittce. It was mentioned that the Entertain- ' merits ?nu^ lectures organised by fri* in- ' atitote had not been ao aaeoassfnl as they might have been. Tbe following offioara for the ensuing year were appointed:—Pea- ; sidextt, MrTcTH. Goode; vioe-preaifeat, Mr. ' W. Gilbert, M.P.; ban. troasuTti, Mr. F. Wright; committee—Messrs. W. & Wilkin son, C. WUkox, B. McLaren, H. MOdred; ??. Garlick, C. Proud, 8. Monjun., M, Huddfe stone, T. W. Harris, and?ev. W.£.Bioe; auditors, Messrs. Mildred and NeilL , The monthly entertainment in aid of the '. funds of St. Luke's Church was held in the , schoolroom on Tuesday evening. There was a Urge attendance, and a programme ??"-—t-*ti(r - of songs and recitations was succoasfnlly > carried out by a number of lady and gentlemen amatenrt. A meeting for praise and thanksgiving to God was held on Tuesday in the parlor of the Y.M.C.A. The attendance at tnacommanae rnent was small, and consisted of several ministers of toe gospel, a few ladies, and lay men, but as the day drew on the number coo- - uderably increased. The proceedings consisted of the leading of Scriptural lessons and prayer. The monthly social in connection with the . Young Women's Christian Association was - held in their rooms, Franklin-street, on Tues day evening. There was a good attendance, and the president, Mrs. J. Colton, occupied toe chair. The choir contributed several con certtd pieces of music in excellent style, and during the evening addresses were given by a> number of ladies, who spoke on the work of the association. Miss Shierlaw presided at the piano. Some of the members of the South Aus tralian "Any Bine" Association met at the Henlty Beach rifle range on Tuesday for the purpose of practising for toe prize matches to be held next week. The weather was favor able for shooting, consequently some fine booms were made by Mr. G. Lawson, and Messrs. J. H. and B. Robertson, who fired with Bigby breechloadersandWebleyWyUe. The shooting was from 800 to 1,000 yards. The opera of " The Mikado" was successfully repeated at the Theatre Boyal on Tuesday evening, when it was received in tike same entbutiastic manner as on the opening night. The management have relieved Mr. Boyle of toe part of Kangki-Poo, which, allotted at short notice to Mr. Fitzgerald, was vary fairly sustained, and a still further improvement riU ' shortly be efftcted. All the leading numbers were encored, and toe principals were called at toe dose of each act. The monthly meeting of toe Hindnvarsh ; Town Mission committee was held in theCott gregational schoolroom, Hindmarsh, on Tues day. There was a good attendance, and the Rev. A. Stubbs presided. The town missionary (Mr. T. Harkness) reported that during the month of June he had made 321 visits to tike poor and others, rendered assistance in 86 cases, and expended for relief purposes S& J 7s. fed. The sum of £8 was voted for the ' current month. Mesdames H. Smith and W. T. Bleechmore bad supplied clothing, ace, for distribution to toe poor. Tne efforts of Messrs. T. Adcock and T. J. Bishop in giving an enter tainment in aid of the mission funds waa cknowledged. A meeting of gentlemen who have pawed the examination of toe St John's Ambulance Association was held at Esselbach's restaucaat, King William-street, on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. J. Witherick occupied toe chair. He explained that a want had been felt for eoxe society who could take up toe work done by the Ambulance Association, and by means of mutual examina tion and practice retain the valuable informa tion gained from the ambulance lecture*. It was unanimously resolved thatsuchaaooiety should be foimed with toe sole object of ad vancing toe work of toe St. Johuis Ambnlanoa Association, and enabling its members to retain ? their knowledge of the way to act in cases of emergency. The name of the society and the rules were referred to toe conatdoratioa of a committee. We have received from Mr, T, Pieroa, sur veyor, plans of Gawkr, prepared an the sanw principle as those which be executed a short time since of the City of. Adelaide. The plans, which are drawn to scale from surveys snada by Mr. Pierce, show the whole of the bnnitiafs i£Gawler?andby.*iddf a key toe materials ?t which tbe buildings are constructed, ?hs> - aun.be* of stories, whrther t?e buildinw ktm cellars or not, the material with which, they are roofed, U>e windows and skylights, and on the plan itself are shown the hydrants in the streets and almost every bee in the town. It is a work which must nave occupied a neat deal id time and seriously taxed the patience of the executant. It has been undertaken primarily for the purpose* of insniaoce com paniw, bat wQI be found very useful in many other rerpects. (The Geelonff football team scored their third win in Adelaide on Tneiday afternoon, when they defeated the Port Club on the City Ov*L She magentas were expected to make only a aorry eSow against the redoubtable "Pivot onians," bat they played a better game thin they had previously done this season, and except for their erratic kicking in (he last half hour they would have won the match. They hemmed their opponents in, but failed to kick goals, and when "time" was called the scores were-^Geelonff, 7 goals 5 behinds; Part, 4 goals VL behind*. In the evening the visitors were entertained at a social by the Adelaides at the Town HalL It was repotted on Tues day that the Sonth AdeUiies would allow the Norwoods to meet the Gie'.ones in their stead on TTinrnriay, but the rumor was without foun dation, as the Suuthg will pat a good team into the field to do battle with the visitors on that occwion. There m no p otubility of the Norwood and Grelomr tea-n? meeting again this yrar, as the bloe-and-whites c tnnot pro long their visit after Saturday. An entertainment was given in the Glenelg Institute on Tuesday evening- ia aid of the local brass band. The attendance was very latge. Mr. Summerbayes opened with an overture on the pianoforte, which was followed by "The storm fiend.^given in good Style by Hen- Behrndt, and " Hidden jewels," by Miss BQddktbn. Herr Mnmme played "The last rose of summer" on the violin with credit, and Mr. Goodala contributed "Steering home," -which occasioned a recall. Mra. Proctor nanswiy escaped brine encored for her rendi ttiw of the 'Vedni Carino, nand Mist Mad diao? responded to her sons, "Thy face,"by ciraKinaplrasing manner "The Danube River." heart, goodbye'' and " The Death of Nelson" nidi good effect, and Miss Marrissey well sang "tHome of my heart." Messes. Hodder and Q^aiberth next a clarionet duet, "Dah €onte,"in clever tune, which wai followed by Mr. Vino's contribution of '? Will oMfce wisp." Mrs. Proctor treated "Beautiful coses" ancggsfully, and Mr. Bermtn^nam came out with Wallace's "Let me lik<3 a Boldier fall * Mr. Morrissey favored the au dience with the recitation -'Tbe progress of madness." The widow and eight children of the late Stc?roccan, of the Loyal Botanic Lodge, No. 25, L0.0.F., of Sonth Australia, wen tendered a benefit on Tuesday evening, a Dumber of well-known and talented artists takingpart in a grand concert, which was given in the Town Ha?. Bhortly after 7 o'clock a I? occasion of 245 members of the order, in full regalia, representing lodges Nos. 1, 4. €, 7, 11, 14, 26, 26, 27, and 28, headed by the Hindmarsh drum and fife band, left tne National Hotel, and marching via Pirie- street, Hindmanii-cquare, and Rundleand King William streets reached the Town Hall, which was at once crowded, the attendance being in m^jwa contrast to that which as sesnbta] in the hall on the previous evening on the occasion of Herr Koblers musical cmoart. A . riuo solo by Miss OaxSine T.ityi^?^riyin bating been capitally rewired, Miss Beeby, ?rno filled tbepface on the programme occupied by Hear £. H. Otto, that genUamui baing unable to attend, gave "Caller herein" with capital effect, an encore being demanded. Sims Playfoxd was very successful in her ren dition of "London bodge," and a pkiaing in tfce programme was a violin solo fcyHcrL. Hcnnie*. Herr?-Mtschka then m^iM?Wiliutad,^ **B>cch?wi?l tkf" ft very pretty piece ?DC 'CdBpOHSCIQ DV HfflT y^ *ffnyis^yiwwn fff. %Q VFu^Cn theartntdidfnu jnitaoe. Herr Nitechke pos stsstii a round baritone of oonw'rterable range, and he narrowly escaped an encore. This was followed by " Kathleen Mavonraean," which was given by Miss O^Sullivan in a style that eaucd for a hearty encore. Herr H. Oelmaim, who sang " Come into the garden, Ssaode," waa recalled, and g?ve "Oh stay artth me" in equally good style. A grand ?stanlt-at-anns was tfien given by a detach lusatuf the PermanentForce, who went through Iwgwtrtaiiilswiiiili'iniiuiimswitiigreatpTgdMon. SSs second part of the musical programoie comprised a piano solo by Miss Cadine Lind attm, ?? The Gipsy Owens," a duet, by Hen sSasdfc sod Mmb £. Mtddleton, sad songs Iqrjfr. J. C. Garood, and Mi mm Beeby and OSaQiva?, all the items being well received. As the Port AdeUadeTown Hall onTnesdajr evening tbe Bar. Canon Green delivered bis tectae on "Haunted Houses" in aid of the funds of 8b Paul's Church, Port Adelaide. 2be? was a large attendance, and tfcedis conm was listened to with rapt attention throngho?t. ? Ihe lectnrer gave a graphic description of a' haunted house, and then r— ?—<ril an exceedingly interesting ghost story from the Christmas Carols. He said that many prisons wen superstitious, white others - smU not believe in supernatant! beings, but wfekbaver way it was taken than remsmed a body off^vidcttoe r^gakdmg apparitions which mud only be dealt with by accepting it as trpft, 2u apoke of the flaming sword which bung over the city of Jerusalem at the time of Us iwrti lies'imi, and related that upon one oocssfsn snst tnhsbitanti of Florenoe weve oc-sfli flttges in tne sky, winch npon tnvest^ga ftion turned ont to be Oe reflection of a statue from one of the celebrated cathedrals in she city. Afterdnatingnnontiiesoperstitionexitt ing among the people of Brittany, he related a sAory from the work "More GBmpses of the World Unseen," m which an instance was given of tbeends of jnstbe having been brought about by the intervention of supernatural ?powers. Helslso stated flut a crime wai dis covered in Sydney some little time ago by ?MMif of aa apparition, and added that in SKxnemyateriona manner God permitted these things to take place for the detection of crime. An wmtsnon was given of some valuable doenmests being discovered by means of aupc?sataxal agency, and. tie lesturer save a ghost story, in which bis fsflitr was concerned, and which was well ansbentkated. It was no secret, Mr. Green etfeted, that some time ago when the late Sithop Short and his family were in IWJ?ikl they were at a bouse which was decidedly fc?Ti.?taw< am} in which a "woman in grey'' svas frequently seen. A number of tales of apparitions were narrated in a thrilling snsimer. Some nice musical and vocal selec tions were Riven by Miss BmiUi, Mrs. Steven aon, and Mtssrs. Hillary, Martin, and Banniers, and a thoroughly enjoyable evening was spent. A netting ot she Shoeing Sauttof Society wfll be fteU at the Start Arcade Hotel this evening. a. meeting of Assoristed IropmonVtoi wiU be beU fids evening at the Start Arcade HoteL The cantata "The lion of Judab" vHI be given in the Horwood Wesleyan Cbnrch this evening. 7^* socofiily ?"**fitig- q( |^ia permanent Equitable Standing and Investment Society will be held this -evening. A pafocmaooe will be given by the Adelaide Comedy Comedy in the Academy of Music this evening. Xhe aniuveisary public "wfi^ in connection with theNorth AdeUude Baptist Church Sunday-school will sake place w*fa evening. O. meeting of the Meteorological Society of Aos tnlssUwnTbeheldin the EngTooer- in-Chief* room, dew Oovetnment offices, this evening. 