Caulfield Training1 Notes- The coarse proper was thrown open on Thursday The work tegan eoon after 6 e'cicck by Mr Kelly sending Btn Belt a good work ing gallop over the Cup distance, Chuckster joining mm seven tunongs rram nome, 'the pur finishing together ; the bud of fcewbold per formed his task with credit. Western wai the first to put in an appvarav.ee, and was given a useful gallop over the grass Warfieldjand Lando rattled over five furlongs at their best. Keuneth, after canter ing once round the tan, was brought on to the course, and sent a fa3t mile, hi' stable companion, Master John, bringing him home, the lass half of the journey finishing well. Though t he V.R.G D-.rby may be beyond his reach, I am sure he will win a race or two before the ed of the season. Whitebait bad Ambassadress for a companion in a six-furlongB spin. Highland Chief strode ccce round the grass at a good pace, B;ondin, in the same stable, bringing him along tbe last half- mile; after which Preston ran a fast mile. Silver- mine and Bonnie Doon strode once round the course at ' a strong pace, both acquitti g themselves creditably, -and palling up all right- Bohole Lad and Geraldine were sent twice round over the schooling hur des. The fatter is a good sort of a mare. Young Horatio put in onoe round tbe cou se at a useful pace. Clarendon, who is in the Cupj jumped off from tbe mile aad a half post, and bowled along at a strong paee, St. Albert picking him up at the seven-furlong poet, the pair running side by eide to the end. The former, however, took it in biB head to have & round on his own account. Retort had the assistance of Eugene Garnarvan in amile flutter. La'iy Ashton put . in some easy work 1 on the tan, where7 Pocahontas, Umberto, and Townley were sent a turn or two at a canter. Little Joho and Jim Cain was doing some half-pace workmen the grass, while Jack, King of the ftest, Graeaulur Jfisobyius, and others Of Mr Moran'a team were given some useful work -on the sand and tan tracks, a like task being allotted to Lottery, Cricket, and Patience Got iron and Millstream ran a fast h»lf-miie, Crane and Empress trotting on tbe sand. Gcsoe Darling and Gadfly did £n?y elow work, but The' Ghost dasberf along for about five furlong?. Oesfew, Alexandria, and Juliau Gray had a spurt of half a, mite. After breakfast Mr. Davie gave Camerine, who Is looking nlooming, some striding exerfige on th<> grass, Meereohaum, Dexter, and Dvyetar being epurtfd at lotervals, . Slrocoe, looking very big, w8 ca. tsrjng on the ermri, wh:l<\- it.e whole of T. Jones's ieatu were 'ting put through alow work. Md:.-y ot ing an eff morning, &n; i the work done f" "V-1 1 chj,raoc'if- Ab «8ual about 6 o,u. i.k »lr. K -jDit 8t:D B It el w work on 'h ;ui; wh< re huckster. W»>field. Lar-do. —.a the rosof hi? t-Ing sm-ar/y dniere.i Siivert?;io.3 wab i ot extended, tiiub HrrfcieDoou, Fait|-f«| and CbaTged:d some nirdiutn wcrk.,,-ti. Oo>meli£'»«Mfo-- of jUQ'pafs were treated to aeefoi exereise. Melgra 1? (B k Lt vy Bene!, ; -a is, Roberts, and Jones's charges- were not seat cut rl a rant r. 