4 the Pioneers. bit Peter Bunkum. The Journey. (Continued.) ' Travellers must be content." —Shakespeabe. The night passed-with the travellers without any attack from the blacks, and next morning they filled their water-^ags, packed up at daylight, and started. But at the vjery outset they got into difficulties; their way lay through low ridges, thick with old man spinnifex, and the horses laboured painfully and slowly through it, trying to leap and bound over the wretched spike tussocks, which grew a foot or so apart, and bristled with hard tough spears, like the quills on a fretful porcupine; Mile after nole, mile after milei a,nd still nothing in sight but long lines of . low spinnifex fridges ; the horses could' hardly be forced along, their legs bleeding from thousands of minute punqtures. The sun rose higher and higher^ and tjhe liorses, sweating and broiling, seemed already as much distressed as if a long day's journey had been completed.. The men, as they rose on each ridge, looked forward in hopes of spying some glimpse of > more encQura,ging coun try, and then looked back to estimate the distance they had covered. But the line of coolibar trees that marked the river looked miserably near at hand, and when, after six hours of this distressing journey, they camped for dinner, that line of timbei in th^ jreM^was 5till distinctly marked on the horizon. Mterashort rest, the pioneers again pro ceeded, and toiled painfully forward. They .crossed no watercourse, they could find no trees to rest, and, shelter them from the sun, and once fairly out of sight of the river, no bird or beast could be seen in that horrible desertj the only moving things were .the myriads of flies, that followed like a cloud and settled on their horses in tliousanfo.. And so on the live-long day they journeyed, and camped, without feed for their horses. The water they carried in the large canvas bags on two of their pack-horses was dealt out sparingly, each horse getting but a few ■quarts. The pack- saddles and loads were taken off, and tome of the spinifex cleared away for the men to lie down and the horses to stand at their ease; the latter were then hobbled and tied to the packs, though these precautions were almost unnecessary, the poor brutes had got so to dread that dreadful porcupine grass. But now a strong breeze blows up, and as the darkness gathers, those pests, the flies; are got rid of, and each man lies down to rest in peace, and* wearied out with the day's journey, are soon fast asleep. When Pat, who first woke next morning, sat up in the blankets, rubbed his eyes, and tried to look round him, he was horrified. 'Twas a terrible yell he gave, as he sprang up and shouted in agony:— > " Howly Saint I'atyick^aye. me> .the world's on fire, and we're all bound to > b^ The divil a stim can I see for tile smoke.^ Snure, wirra, Wirra! the last > day's come. Holy Virgin and all the Saints be praised; 5 Bftd luck to' me > sowl'lt's a sorrow worse place than Purgathory we're all goin' to straight this minute." Pat's howls, prayers, and lamentations soon woke all hands, and it was anything but a pleasant awakening either. Thick clouds oft smoke were rolling past and over them, the horses snorted and coughed, wjiile not five yards could one see for the densevolumes' of staoke that, ialf stifled them. ; A t strong brfebze was blowing fr6m the Westj right in front of them, and5 it was evident the spinifex was on fire ahead. j Our pionbers quickly held'a, Consultation as to what was the best course to pursue iq tlhis dilemma, the hdrses were packed and every preparation made for a statt; it would have been folly to attempt to face that smoke, and endeavor to continue their journey. --It was terribly disheartening to attempt to go back. Cubby, however, came to the rescue in this dilemma. ; " 'Posin' we make a light fire here that parter (eat) altogether pinnifeck starve him nuther fellow fire come up pehind then tha' pfeller bung? " " Well donfe Gubby," said Dick, " that's the idea; but it's a. mighty hot one and a warm subject for debate. 'Posin' we bung too, Mieser Cubby, that's a poser?" " Baal blackfeller bung, that like 'im plenty hot weather," replied Cubby with a grin as' he squatted down, without fiaore ado, and applied a match to a tuffock of spirinlfex, which burn like Chinese crackers, as the wind carried the flame, it shot and leaped from tuffock to tuffock, spluttering and craclcing, and mak ing-a fiery path which widened each moment. I'he pioneers drew their saddle-cloths from their horses' backs, and beat out the flames near them, which travelled but slowly against the wind, where Cubby had first ignited them, and then riding their horses on to the burnt space, they followed the retreating "flames over the scorched, hot ground. The hot sun again climbed the sky, arid shone blood- red through the clouds of smoke, which grew thicker and thicker; the roaring of the flames, which now raged in volumes^ prevented, any chance of conversation, even had they-been ever so inclined. Again and again our travellers made a demand on the water-bags, as the fire behind now approached, and spreading its amis around, united with the fire that had been lit by Cubby, and now, for a brief space, the pioneers were enclosed by a perfect wail of fire, while the sun above and the boiling ground underfoot added to the frightful heat. The per spiration iftirst from every pore, only to dry with the fierce heat on their burning skins. The horses stood panting, wiih heads nearly touching the ground; the men, -with solemn faces, counted the seconds as they gasped for breath, and looked with bursting eyeballs at the smoky, horrified faces of their comrades, or glanced wildly towards the blazing wall of flames, and waited in horrible suspense, for that thin strip of 6pinnifex to be swallowed ; and the fire to die out, and release them from its circling folds. Could they last but five minutes they were safe. : - They were all off the horses, and gathered round the waterbag, they wet their handkerchiefs and tried to moisten their cracked and blistering faces, but the water drying scalded them worse than if no such remedy had been tried. Pat crossed himself and moved his lips in prayer, his tongue was doubled in his mouth like a cockatoo's. Cubby's face was dirty green instead of black ; while George and Dick held each other by the hand, as if to bid farewell; their brains were nearly bursting, their breath came in sobs and gasps. - Then that mighty flame leaped with one bound on the last stripe of spinifex, and tossing a blazing sheet of fire and sparks in the air. The barrier was gone, that fierce enemy that barred their path had expired, and the Pioneers were free to pursuie their journey, over the seorching ground it Is true., but without danger* "While the flames still rolled on to right and left and away be hind them. It's an ill-wind that blows no good, arid though parched and .scorched, and qtill burning-hot, the travellers had one blessing among so much misery; the dreaded sp inn ifex was swept away, and their horses could now move freely onward, and though the sun was pouring down his fiery beams, the ground beneath their feet lost its heat each moment; and did not affect the hard hoofs of the horses sufficiently to disable them. The Pioneers rode onward another days' journey, and still no water could be found, and in the after noon they were obliged to dole out. the last of the water for their hoises, and now the prospect was any thing but encouraging, as far as the eye could reach on every side,extended that black mantle of ashes; over the boundless plain it lay like a pall. <31oomy and cheerless, indeed, did each man feel as the sun once : more sank in the West* But now, camping was out of the question, not a blade of anything was there for the horses, their water-bags were all dry. So they decided to keep op, now, till the horses could no longer travel. They had no moon to light them on their way, and the darkness of the night was increased "by tlie black ground under their feet, and with only the stars and their compass for a guide, like a ship in mid-ocean, they journeyed on. Ten or fifteen miles jthey ^travelled after sundown, when Dennie shouted in mortal terror,' arid as the party turned to look, two huge, forms shot past them, and sped away into the darkness without a sound, the tread of their feet could not be heard, but silently and swiftly these dark ghosts of the burnt plain vanished from view as quickly as they appeared, leaving the travellers for a moment thunderstruck and dismayed. " Oh; Holy Mother, did ye ever see the divil, and if that hairit him and his twin brother, fegs, its niver a hoss Pm rid in'. Melia murther, we've chated hell this mornin', and now, begorra, the divils is let loose on us for spite/' said Dennie Evfcn Dick ana George were 1 scared, for "both Lad plainly seen these two huge forms,, they had passed so close, and it was a relief to hear a deep, gutteral laugh from Gubby, and hear him exclaim " Masser Dick, water close up now, me thinkit, tha' fellow einu been yori." " Faith/' said Dennie, " they're mighty big burds thim ones, and must take a power of water to fill'em up. Feggs, if the naggurs is as big as the burds out here, it's no whonther their cannibals, nothin' but a whole white man for breakfast whould be afther plazin' thim.'' Then, the apparition explained by Cubby, the whole > party laughed at their momentary scare, and pressed on with renewed hope. Soon a little brokfen ridge of sandstone is crossed, and they descend a gradual slope down, down, down. Far off in the distance, camp fires are twinkling below them. Then, sud denly, each horse stops short, his .head goes down to the ground, and the. travellers are, delighted to find the animals are browsing away, and satisfying their hunger at last. (To be continued.) 