Among- Dyak PirateB. (Br FREDERICK BOYLH, F.R.G.S.) About a fortnight since, after a meeting of the Royal Geographical, fire of adjourned to a little room somewhere about St. James'-street. One comrade had long boon resident in th6 Far East, and bini I will call him, an they called bim over there, the Tuan Besar, or Big Gentleman another had just returned from a rorin? expedition through Spanish America: I will call the Caballero ; a third was an Indian tiger slayer, whom we addressed as the Shikari ; the fourth wa.- a sailor, and we may dislingush him as such ; the fifth was a great proprietor on the Rio Plats whence he was newly arrived, and have his permission to name him the " Haciendero." •' Have you ever seen a man amok, Tuan ?" said the Haciendero. " I have seen seven bodies in the streets of Bangkok, and six wounded on litters all the work of one Malay serang. I've seen the whole crew of a native boat chased overboard in Singapore Roads, and only two reached shore. I've shot the best servant ever I had, with the blood of two poor women still wet upon his cris. But the most awful case of amok madness that has come under my personal observation was that of the Illanum fellow, when I was a prisoner of the Serebas pirates.' " Js it the ghost of the Tuan we are entertaining here ?" muttered the Shikari. Said the Haciendero, "Tell as how you were captured by those people, whose name, I must admit, never reached my ears before; and how the Illanum fellow ran a-muck, and how you escaped." "I am always willing to fight my battles over again, 1 ' said the good old Tuan. " This is my story :— " It was before some of yon were born, and before any of you can recollect, that I firet set foot in Singapore,—a poor place then, which had to sing small on that tiny ieland between Batavia and Hong Kong. It had not more than ten thousand inhabitants, and the town was nearly hidden in a mangrove swamp. Of our hundred and twenty thousand Chinamen now, there were scarce as many scores, and the white popnlation hardly existed. But Singapore was always a poshing place: every man of its merchants soheming and intriguing in this or that neighbouring state where he had no right on earth to meddle. And the firm in which I was junior partner did not stand behind its rivals in Bach folly. We lent money here, we encouraged rebellion there, we recruited, we sheltered, —in fact, our house carried on the game royally. It was in furtherance of Bome such business that one day I found myself obliged to run across TO Bruni. Seeing what my mission had for its object, it was of course impossible to take a passage in any English vessel, even bad one stood at my service; I was obliged to charter a native boat. And to you incn who have not visited the Straits, that craft would have seemed an object as droll as this world can show. She was about thirty or forty feet long, decked from bows to stern with atapa, or palm-thatch, tied upon teak timbers that met each other in the middle of the deck at an angle of thirty degrees. Through a square hole aft one could descend into the cabin of the Reis, an apartment 6ix feet long by four broad, and three high. Another hole forward opened above the hold, which was filled with ' notions,' the speculation of the crew. No bulwarks were there to this curious craft, and when she sailed upon an even keel, one was obliged to sit astride upon the middle ridge of atapa, as upon the roof of a dog-kennel. It is but fair to admit that I never saw the ark, as I termed her, in such a reasonable position. Her fashion of sailing was upon beam ends, and in that condition one slope of the decK became horizontal of necessity. Scorpions and centipedes abounded, and tbey did no fear to chase the cockroaches and other vermin in our very sight. The Malays believe that the worst of these venomous reptiles become harmless on board ship, unless fresh importations, and certainly I saw no accident occur. On the fourth day we sighted the mountains of Borneo, and coasted round towards the capital. And, at length, on the seventh day after leaving Singopore, we came in sight of the Batang-Lupar River, which my crew regarded with terror. " But the time of year was not that usually chosen by the pirates for their excursions, and we had reasonable hope of passing unseen ; even .in the worst chance we felt confident that those prudent marauders would think twice before risking a collision with the white authorities ; and, for my own part, though not ^unconscious of an excited thrill in turning my glass upon the reedy mouth of that terrible stream, I could not but feel contempt for a horde of savages, scarcely clothed except in stolen silver and gold, blood -stained. It seemed downright absurd, excepting in so far as it was disgraceful, that thousands of British subjects, clothed and missionised, and generally tortured with improvement, should be liable from day to day to lose their partially civilised heads for the mere amusement of fiendish baboons. I knew they scourged these coasts and others adjacent with desperate and incredible ferocity ; but I could not believe that the English flag, which my serang displayed fore and aft and at each masthead, could possibly be treated with contempt by any pirateB, however naked. "Such were my views on retiring to bed, while slowly forging by the mouth of the Batang-Lupar, on a night so soft 8nd shining, one might have thought the etarry floor of heaven itself hung lower and more tenderly over that lovely land. After the moon rose, our wind blew slacker and slacker till it died away. Then the Malays grew nervous, and found themselvee in a silent group, crouched on the atapa-deck midshipB. They gazed anxiously towards the wood of cocoa-nnts which glittered on the shore like water in the moon-rays. They whispered softly among themselves, and now and again the Reis lifted up his voice and chanted some verses from the Koran. Very solemn and weird it was to hear the solemn outbreak of that droning cry in the deep stillness, but such sounds were little in accordance with the English character we desired to retain, and BO I warned the crew. But tbe Reis answered, reverently, 1 We are in great danger, Toan. Tou have truBt in your flag.' I could make no reply to that grave rebuke. " The night wore on. I dozed feverishly, stretched upon the eloping atapa All at once, towardB one o'clock I suppose, a murmur and a hurried movement of the crew awoke me. One and all had sprung to their feet. Some were staring with fixed eyes towards the river month ; one or two hurried about the tiny deck, wringing their hands and muttering ; but tbe Reis and the serang and the elder men were down upon their knees, with heads low bent, and faces turned to tho Holy City. There was no tumult and little sound ; only a low, inarticulate murmur, and a soft rustling of the atapa under restless feet I glanced towards the ebore. Stealing out from tbe mangrove belt, between two grassy tongues of land, swift as sea-birde and as noiseless, appeared the war-praus of the Serebas. A train of fire swept after them, and the glassy eea seemed to spring up in a flame to meet their hundred paddles. Two praos there were, each containing fully 50 men. To resist was evidently hopeless, and the Malays made no preparation. I still endeavored to retain my faith in that xed flap overhead^ nad with a sickwiag heart watched t!:>* praus' rourse. Our suspense was short, for tho muffled paddles drove tli'-m swift as dc-niii, and witiin five minutes we could heur the dull, faint clank, and see th>s monstrous figures that upheld tho fighting 'leek And then, in an iiistnnt, the horrid yell of those fiends hurst out terribly in the night, resounding over sea and shore, and echoing in Bavage discord through the black glades of their forests. Then I knew our lives were over. I sat down upon the atapa, daeerl and half-unconscious. Tliey paddled in silence after that sudden uproar, ami the heavy boats fairly leapt along the waves under tbe eager beat of those strong iruis. I watched their deadly approach without the power of making any effort to escape or to defend myself. It was a ghastly time. I noted their glossy yellow skins as they drew nearer, the wild eyes almost protruding from the brows, the coarse mouths stained scarlet and black with penang. I marked the sparkiing of their long brazen gauntlets, covering their right arms from knuckle to elbow, of the score of rings adorning the outer edges of each ear from tip to lobe in graduated size. I saw the weapons of every warrior beside hiin, parang, or cris, or sabre, mostly hung with long died scalps. All these things I noticed in one stupid gaze ac they rushed towards us. " At fifty yards' distance, one of the richly dressed Malays upon the fighting deck presented his rifle, and shot our Reis through the head. Tho paddlers sprang up with a repetition of their frightful yells, and, screaming, flooded their fighting decks. The pnus glided over to either side, and the warriors sprang down upon ns. It was a crush and press of fiends, hacking, hewing, and thrusting, with a murderous clamor and bloodthirsty mirth, with a clashing of arms and a screaming of the wounded, — a hellish delight of carnage. " I had hurried to the tiller, and there taken my stand. The crow were mostly cut down in the attitude of prayer, but two who jumped overboard were not pursued, save with savage and furious laughter. Standing alone in the stern, I waB not middled with, if seen, while any possibility of resistance remained ; but when their murderous work was completed, a rush aft took j-lace. I presented my gun, and cried that tbe first approaching was a dead man. Then they perceived my color, for my face was white cnoii^ii, I cuese. Thu foremost, a handsome M-ilay, in cold-worked sarong, kain bandara of gold cloth, and ivoryhilted cris, paused suddenly, and cried, in tones of astonishment and terror, ' Orang putih—weh !' The few Malays halted and looked at one another, but the wild Dyaks, drunk with blood, and careless of any danger, moral or other, Btill pressed yelling towards me, in spite of their frenzied protests. One, whoin I believed to be a Dyak, a stalwart warrior, profusely adorned with golden ornaiue.nts, broke through tli" ring, nnd in self defence I shot him. Then such a rush ensued—1 thought my last moment had arrived. But while presenting my gun again, two naked arms closed round me, and held me fast. In an instant I was thrown over, and my weapons snatched away. ' The Tuan Pamantuah !' screamed the breathless Malays. ' Hear him, friends! He is wise!' Then my assailant, standing in front of me, spoke a few words to the horrid crew, and one and all at instantly down upon the bloodstained atapa. Tho chief bent towards me, and gave me his hand smilingly. I rose. The crowd made way for us silently, and we 6tepped across to the largest prau." " But I do not quite understand," interrupted the Sailor. " All the pirates of the Straits are more or less Malay by race, are they not ?" " It would take mo half an hour to t explain tho political complications of Borneo," replied the Tuan ; " and an hour to sketch the career of that wonderful man, the Pamantuah. We have not time for much detail. Let it suffice to say that the whole island was then subject, nominally, to the Sultan of Bruni, excepting tbe Dutch territory. Three great pangarans of the blood- royal—Malay, of course— undertook to govern the Dyak pirates of th« Serebas and Sakarang rivers, and were professedly answerable to cizilization for their good behaviour. In reality, however, they had neither will nor power to coerce their subjects in one iota, nor did tbe Sultan attempt to exact obedicnce from either governor or governed. Under tbe lead of the Pamantuah, who first in history brought these warlike tribes to obey one head, the Dyaks made a conventiou with the Pangarans : they agreed to pay a certain small tribute to the Saltan, on condition that bis officers should accompany their marauding fleets and give the rovers the benefit of their superior intelligence and of their European weapons. Thus it Lappened that Malay chiefs and their retainers were always present at those terrible scenes which made the Sarawak coast to be more dreaded than Suiu itself; and thus it happened that when, years afterwards, the best part of the Dyaks wished to abandon their horrid pursuit, Rajah Brooke found his deadliest foes in those Malay pangarans whose first duty it should have been to second his efforts. Have I made the political situation a little clearer ? " When we stood on the prau's deck, the Malays rose and followed us, with some twenty of tbe Dyaks more immediately attached to the Pamantuah, two of whom carried each a dripping head slung to his showat, or waistbelt. The paddlers went below, and in an instant we shot off from the fatal craft, which the others were attaching to tbe smaller prau. The Pamantuah kept me beside him, looking occasionally into my face with that frank and pleasant smile which is habitual on the Dyak features when unmoved by violent emotion. In the course of our political intrigues I had heard much of this great chief, whose talents, eloquence, and courage ainBt have made him notablo in any country. Born to no great eminence, and favored but little by fortune, before attaining middlo age he ha brought under his sway a thousand savage chiefs, most jealous of all authority, and unprepared by tradition to admit any superior. Twenty thousand warriors were at this time under the Pamantuah's personal command, and the auxiliary force from the Sakarang, always at his orders, numbered probably fifteen thousand more. A most extraordinary man, it must be admitted, in reflecting how slender were his means, and bow violent weie the passions and prejudices which he conquered. Rajah Brooke, and through the Rajah, England, owes more to tbe Pamantuah than has yet been acknowledged. "In a quarter of an hour we made tbe mouth of the Batang-Lupar, and were greeted with a yell of triumph from the good folks of Sibuyob, who crowded the terraces of their lofty dwellings to see the landing of the booty. But we sped along up the river tor two or three hours more, until reaching a small landing-place on the right bank. Tbe Pamantuah gave me his hand, and we leapt ashore. I stood still and demanded to know my fate. ' We will send you acrosB to Pontianak,' Baid one of the Malays, 'or forward you by sea. You are safe. The Pamantuah has given his word for you.' We resumed our march, and for an hour I balanced myself like a tight-rope dancer upon a Pyak high-road I Those fellows who trace our origin to apes might gather some noteworthy arguments in their favor from the customs of Borneo. The good folks there are not yet eo far hnmanized as to feel wholly comfortable on dr ground Their boose* tbey elevate on posts twenty to thirty feet from mother enrt't. Tli. -r roads they raise on trestles three to ten feet high. Their bridges they hang from the tallest trees in tbe neighbourhood. And wonderful engineers they are-full of resource as Stephenson, and daring as Mr Fell! I have seen Dyak bridges so delicately yet finely suspended a hundred feet above tbe water, that with twenty men upon them they swayed in the lightest breeze. I have seen Dyak houses —one building, mind you—a thousand and odd feet long. But it is of their suspended roads, batang paths, as they are called, that I would speak. These consist simply of a single line of trees felled end to end, as tbe crow flics, through the forest. The crown and branches are lopped off, and the batang, or trunk, is raised upon two huge stakes forming a St Andrew's cross. To bare foot natives they are mavellously convenient, always dry, very lasting, and beyond the reach alike of prickly grasses and poisonous snakes. But to a booted European it will be believed this cightrope mode of travel is by no means comfortable. Sometimes the batangs lie twenty, thirty, or even forty feet above the ground in such a rugged country, and nowhere is the falling soft. Even by day light there is a certain nervousness, and even danger, in traversing a Dyak path ; but when it comes to moonlight travel, I can only wish my foes that fate as the last aspiration of blind vengeance. Yet—• though slipping at almost every step, and not unfrequently crashing bodily down into the blackness lying to an unknown depth below—I remember still how dreamy and beautiful was that night of horror, and how strange and weird our march. But at length, towards dawn, a shouting was heard in front, and we came out beneath an enormous building which threw shadow black as ink upon the surrounding forest. A dusky crowd pressed yelling round me, as I followed the Pamantuah towards the notched log serving as a staircase to the verandah—for the bouse stood full thirty feet above the ground. The chief led me to his own hearthplace, and, at a word from him, I was left in pence. "Though ignorant of the Dyak patois, could understand that these ferocious savages w<?re nirraling their heroism with no slight exaggeration. Many voices were raised at once, and much clever pantomime exhibited ; for your sea Dyak is a noisy, lomi-tongaed fe])ow, whose undoubted bravery is tenfold heightened to to tbe bearer by tbe most unscrupulous lying. Great heroes, no doubt, they made themselves, these murderers of helpless men. But suddenly the babble of triumph, of laughter, and rejoicing, was broken by a wild and thrilling cry : ' Mati 1 Oh, my brother 1' " And the crowd swayed to and fro as in furious struggling. I sprang to my feet, for the words were Malay, and foreboded danger. " The Pamantuah himself broke away and bounded to my side, ju6t as a tall warrior, whose wild but handsome features revealed to me his Illanun blood, broke through the opposing circle, and stood panting before us. Blood streamed down his face from an old wound, of which tho bandages were torn away, and mingled with the foam about his mouth. Eyes so distended and blazing that they scarce seemed human glared upon me. The broad chest shook with horror and passion, and from head to foot each limb was writhing, as only can the limbs of your Orientals. Justice, Pamantuah !' screamed this terrible apparition. ' The white man has killed my brother, and I demand tiis life. I am a chief of the 'Lanun Sea Men (Orang Laiit). I have fought bravely for you, I and my retainers; you dare not refuse me, Pamantuah.' " The chief laughed low but scornfully. " ' It is a new thing, men of Serebas,* he said, ' that a 'Lanun beggar should threaten the meanest of us. You served me with your brother and your slaves, fo * a just share of the booty, and I say to you, S'Ali the Amok, that, though you had all the rowers of Suiu here, you should not hurt one hair of this white man's head. Bind up your forehead, orang, or you will lose too much of that hot blood which threatens so readily. Go !' " The 'Lauun stood still for an instant. Never through eternity shall I forget his ghastly face, blood-bedabbled, foamstreaked, working with all fell passions, and distorted beyond the horror of a dream. He stared straight in front, past us, to the faint dawn visible above the penang palm-trees edging the outer terrace. His eyes were fixed, his wet hair briBtled, hie mouth mowed horribly. We stood watching him in silent terror. All knew the signs upon his deathly face; but before one step was taken, one arm raised in defence, he seized a heavy Kayan parang, and with a yell almost beyond the compass of human lungs, dashed into the crowd. What a sccne was that which followed ! When can I forget it ? There were many young girls there, in all the bravery of golden waistbelts and silver gauntlets and armlets of costly Bhell. They went down in a heap before his blind fury. The air was full of blood and long severed hair and pitiful screamB. Men, brave as savage Bayards, fled in superstitious terror before the amok. Some dashed off for arms mislaid, others leaped headlong from the high verandah. One sweep he made down the house, overthrowing every soul, without pity for age or sex, or fear for the mo6t renowned. The Pamantuah had been overwhelmed in a crowd of fugitives, who, by chance or purpose, threw themselves before him, and he did not regain his feet until the infuriated man had reached the farther door - but when, dashing the blood from eyes and forehead, the great chief marked him standing as in hesitation upon the lintel, ho bounded across the prostrate bodies, and, with never a stumble on tbe slippery mats, rushed at him with upraised sabre. Then the amok turned to flee, as in most casee these madmen will, when boldly fronted. But the Pamantuah was too quick. With one strong blow he severed the 'Lannn's mnscles at the knee, and as he fell backwards cleft his skull to the neck, and the body fell with a dull thud on the earth below. " That was the most terrible case of amok madness I ever saw. It passed in an instant—the outbreak, the horrid noise, the murders, and the vengeance ; but killed outright, or hurt beyond hope', by slaBheB of the deadly Kayan sword were four women and three men; wounded) ten women and four men. Arms and hands had been lopped off at one blow as with an axe, and I tell you that, though I had heard many a time in Singapore what fearful weapons were those parang latoke, as they call them, I had not believed, nor could any man, one half of their real power." " Why, what sort of things are they ?" asked the Caballero. " They are long, pointless swords of iron," replied the Tuan, " concave on one 6ide, and convex on the other ; the blade has a sort of twist in it, only to be eeen in looking along the back, but declared by mechanicians to be of vast importance in giving to the stroke that incredible power which makes the marvel of the parang latok. But it is not worth while to enlarge upon the subject These weapons are not very uncommon in any collection, and if you like to teBt their virtue for yourselves, I shall be glad to offer one of mine for tbe experiment The ma among us who fails to out through six inches of dry wood, I shall sdriae to con. •nit a doctor." I "Is t 1, at really true?" asked the Shikari ; "I have heard something of the sort before. P.ut they are dangerous in unskilful hands, are they not " Very. I had a woodman once who lost both legs from mortification of a wound so received. One can give but two blows with the parang latok, one from the right shoulder, downwards, to the left; one from the left foot, upwards, to the right. The Kayans also make lefthand weapons for the two corresponding cuts on the other side ; tliey cali that a female parang. The secret is—always to strike with tho concave side towards the object aimed at; a momentary forgetfulness of this rale ensures a slashing wound in face or knees; and BO many accidents thus occur, that the parang latok is by no means a popular weapon even amongst those who should well understand its use. Children are just as eager to jest with edged tools in the Straits as they can be in England, and the Kayan sword is apt to cauae confusion in a growing family. "Gentlemen, I have told my story, for they passed me safely round to Pontianak, and thence I took ship for Bruni. Has any one else any experience of that sort interesting to us ?" 