Sftetcfoer, Indian Myths. . BY 1 'STELLA. OCCIDEJJS." . ; SHOULD yon ask me, whence these stories Whence these legends and tradition^ ? r. - ? * * * ' *> I shonld answer, I should tell yon, From the forests and the prairies, From the great'lakes of the Northland, From the land ol the Ojibways,' From the land of the Doootahs. I repeat them as I heard them.-LOXGFKLLOW. Daring the long, cold, winter nights, the Indians gather round the camp-fire, and relate the wonderful tales and myths of their country. Under the great pines, in an ever green forest of the Rocky Mountain region, by the blazing light of the camp-fire, and surrounded by tho darkness of night, stands an old man. telling in simple language the story of Ta wats, the hare god, and his encounter with Ta-vi, the sun-god. The Indians are great actors, and tell more by action than by words. The elders listen with reverence, whilst the younger members are often BO excited as to dance with delight, or shiver with fear, accord ing to the influence of the orator and his story. The old man tells them how in long past times the sun god Ta-vi was free to. roam about the world at pleasure, scorching people when he came too near, and leaving them shivering with cold when he h;d away in his cave. One day Ta- wats, the hare-god was sitting round the camp-fire, out in the wood?, with his family gathered round him, waitind for the sun-god to come out of his .cave ang warm. them.. At last they grew tired of wait ing, and fell asleep. The sun-god then approachedjhe hare-god find his family so near that he scorched Td-wats' shoulder. Then Ta-vi ran away and hid himself, for ha was afraid that the hare god would ba angry. When the latter woke up, and found how badly the sun-god had treated him, he was very angry, and determined to be revenged. He "travelled for days and dayB, meeting with many adventures, and overcoming many obstacles. At last he arrived at the brink of the world, and he waited patiently until he should see the sun-god. Presently the latter, thinking bi3 enemy had gonp, peeped out, and the hare-god shot an arrow in hia face, but tho rays of the Fun burnt the arrow before it reached him. Ta-wata shot again and again without effect, until at last he sent a musical arrow, which never failed to recch Its mark. This struck Ta-vi lull in the face, and the sun fell to pieces, setting the whole earth on fire. The hare-god Had, but a3 he fled the burning earth scorched his feet, his less, his body, until at laet only his head was left. This went rolling along, bumping over rock and orevice, across mountains and valleys, through deep ravines and abysses. Finally the eyes of the hare-god burst, and tears gushed forth in suoh a flood "that it juenched the fire. The sun-god was conquered and he was summoned to appear before a council to await sentence. The judges con flemned him to travel across tho sky day after day, on the same path, and he was only to appear at certain times. The day a," nights,, months and seasons were also regulated by this council. The Algonquin race have the beautiful myth of the lied Swan, somewhat similar to the above. _ They believe that the hunter Ojibwa, whilst Bkinning a bear, noticed that the sky gradually became tinged with a bright red light. He saw a Beautiful red swan with brilliant plumage flying across a lake, and tried in vain to shoot it, his arrows proving useless.' Ho then tried three magic arrows, only succeed ing, however, in striking th9 swan with the third. The wounded bird flew off, feebly flapping its wings, until it sank at last under the water. Ojibwa pursued the red swan westward, and discovered that she was the daughter of an old magician. The old man had lost his scalp, which Ojibwa found for him, and put back on his head. The magician then gave his beautiful daughter, the Red Swan, to Ojibwa, as a bride, and they re turned to the earth together. In Longfellow's "Hiawatha," this myth is referred to by Iagoo, the marvellous story-teller, at Hia watha's wedding, when he relates the story of " The Son of the Evening Star": Cm it be the dun descending O'er the level plain of water ? Or the Red Swan floating, flying, Wounded by the magic arrow ? Staining all the waves with crimson, - ; With the crimson of its life-blood, Filling all the air with splendour, With the splendour of its plumage 1 Shortly after the Sun had been condemned to travel across the sky, another council was held to elect, a Moon .which was to shine daring the night. Whippoorwill, God of the Night, was chosen to preside at this council. After a, long debate, a frog offered himself as a willing sacrifice, and was chosen. Various magical incantations and ceremonies were used, and he was changed into the new Moon. Naturally the Moon giveB no heat, being fnade out of the cold body of a frog. The Dahkotah Indians believe ,that the Moon is made of something good to eat- as gpod,. probably, as green cheese. When the Moon is fall, a great number of small mice commence nibbling until they have eaten it -all bp. A new Moon then begins to grow until it is full, when it is in turn devoured. .-The pahkotahs count their months by the Moon. $s follows : ' 1. Witeri, January; the hard Moon. 2\. Wicata-wi, F< bruary ; the racoonMoon. 3\. Istawicayazan-wi, March; the sore-eye . Moon. ' , 4\. Magaokadi wi, April; the Moon in which ?' the :geese lay eggs; also called Wokada^ wi; and sometimes Watopapi-wi, the Moon wheq the streams are again navigable; . y . 5. Wujapi-wi, May ; the planting Moon. 6\. Wajastecasa-.wi, June; the Moon when " "strawberries are red. : .7.- Canpaeapa-wi;* Juhj ; the Moon ivhen choke-oherries are ripe; V . 8. Wdsuton- wi,. A ugmt; the harvest Mooa. 9\. Pdinhnaketu-wi, September; the Moon . when rice is laid up to dry. ! / . 10\. 'Wi-wajupj, October ; the drying rice . Moon. . . 7 11\. Takiyura-wi, November; the steer-rutting Moon. 12\. Tahec9pEnn wi, December; the Moon when the deer shed their horns. JThe Indians have many myths concerning Day'and Night. Schoolcraft, in his " Algic Re searches," describes tho Huron nature-myth concerning Day and Night:-"Iosco," says Tylor, " seems to be loskeha, the White One, who39 contest with his brother Tawiscara, the Dark Oae, i3 an early and most genuine Huron nature-myth of Diy and Night. Iosco and his friend travel for years eastward and eastward to reach the sun, and come at last to the dwelling of Manabozho, near the edge of the world; and then, a little beyond, to the ohasm to be passed on the way to the land of the San and the Moon. They begin tp hear the sound of the beating sky, and it seems near at hand; but they have far to travel before they reach the place. When the Bky came down its pressure would force gusts of wind from the opening, so strong that the travellers could hardly keep their feet, and the sun passed but a short distance above their heads. The sky would oome down with violence, but it would xise slowly and gradually. Iosco and one c£ hi? friends stood near the edge, and with a great effort leapt through, and gained a foothold on the other Bide; but the other two were {earful and undecided, and when their com panions wiled to them through the darkness, Leap ! leap! the sky is on its way down, they looked up, and saw it descending; bat, paralysed by fear, they sprang so feebly that they reaohed the other side with their hands, and. the sky at the same moment striking violently on the earth with a terrible soand, forccd them into the dreadful, dark abyss." ' The Ottawa tribes also believe the San and Moon to be "brother and sister. " Two Indians, it is said, sprang through a chasm in the sky, and fonnd themselves in a pleas ant, moonlit land. There they saw the moon approaching as from behind a hill; they knew her at the first Bight; she was an aged woman with white face and pleasing air. ;Sneaking kindly to them, she led them to her brother, the San, and he carried them with him in his conrse, and sent them home, with promise of happy life." There is an Ottawa myth aboat Mana bozho, the solar god, among the Algonqains, which tells aboat his driving his father, the West, across mountain and lake to the brink of the world, but he was not able to kill him. The conflict is described in " Hiawatha"; the West-Wind or Mudjekee'wis being the father of Hiawatha. Then began the deadly conflict, Hand to hand among the mountains. . . . . . . . . Back retreated Madjeteewis, Bushing westward o'er the mountains, Stumbling westward down the mountains, Three whole days retreated fighting, Still pursued by Hiawatha, To the portals of the West Wind, To the portals of the Sanset, To the earth's remotest borders, Where into the empty spaces Sinks the sun, as a flamingo ? Drops into her nest at nightfall - In the melancholy marshes. " Hold 1" at length cried Mudjekeewifl, " Hold, my son, my Hiawatha I 'Tis impossible to kill me, , For you cannot kill the immortal. I have put you to this trial But to know and prove your courage." ' In the Ottawa myth, Manabozho is called Na-na-bou-jou, and ia the elder brother of Nintr-gah-be-ar-nong Manito, the Spirit of the West, god of the country of the dead, in the region of the setting sun. This EUH hero, Manabozho, when he angled for the King of Fishes, was swallowed, canoe and all ; then he smote the monster's heart with his war-club till he would fain have cast him up into the lake again, but the hero set his canoe fast across the fish's throat inside, and finished slaying him; when the dead monster drifted ashore, the gulls pecked an opening for Manabozho to come out." This story is likewise told in " Hiawatha," in the account of the L-'ttle Monedo of the Ojibwas. The Oraibi philosopher, who lives in a pucllo, knowB somethicg about architecture; therefore, he imagines the world to be & building, and seven stories high. We an supposed to occupy the Bccond story, dno being below, and five being above. The thiri Btor.v is occupied by the rain-god, who sprinkles the earth with rain by dipping a brush made of birds' feathers into the lakes of the skies. The Indians who live on the. cliffs of Arizona believe that the rain is sent for the irrigation of their orops and to refresh the thirsty earth. In the winter this god causes a snow-fall-by crashing the ice of the heavenly lakes, and scattering it over the earth. . The reason why we occupy the second story of this wonderful building is presented in the following way by the Oraibi philosopher. It Was supposed that people originally inhabited a lower world by means of a magical tree, which served a^ a ladder from the lower world to this. They found the firmament resting low down on the earth, forming the floor of the world, and Mateito, one of their gods, raised the firmament on his shoulders to his present place. He is also supposed to have made the moon out of seven baskets of cotton balls, woven by seven maidens, and the bits of cotton which were scattered about whilst they worked were made into stars. Mateito then made a sun to keep the people warm, for they complained because the moon was cold. He made the sun of the hair of seven buffalo robes. He also appointed the times and seasons for the heavenly bodies to appear; and tbe gods of the heavens have obeyed his commands from the day of oreation till the present time. ' According to the Shoshoni Indians, the sky is ice (beiDg of the colour of ice) and the fall of snow is caused by a monster serpent-god, who coils his huge back against the eky and brushes the ice duBt off with his scales. That serpent-god is supposed to be the rainbow, and the Shoshoni philosophers believe it to be the serpent-god of Btorm. In the winter time the serpent sends snow, and in the sum mer time rain. Schoolcraft, who spent some time visiting among the Indian tribes, relates a story told by a North American Indian prophetess, de scribing a vision she had of the Bright Blue Skjc "At her solitary fast at womanhood she fell intoTan ecstasy, and at the call of "r spirits she went up to heaven by the path "m' leads to' the opening in the sky; there r heard a voice, and, standing still, saw to »gure of a man near the path. His head wu surrounded by a beauifot halo, and his breast was covered with squares. ' Look at me,' be said,' my name ia Oahaunauegeeghick, the Bright Blue Sky.' " She likewise described the spirit as being ornamented with the hiero glyphic horns of power. The North American Indians called th' Pleiades the Dancers, and the morning stai theDay-bringer. Stories are told of an Indian who had long gazed on a star in childhood One day it left its place in the heavens, and came down to the earth, and talked with him. When he went out hunting, and had poor Iuok, the star would lead him to the place where there was plenty of game. The Indian myths about the planet Venus are interesting. *LoDgfellow tells in "Hia watha "how. " The Star of Evening , Melts and trembles through the purple, Hangs suspended in the twilight. No; it is a bead of Wampum On the robes of the Great Spirit, As he passes through the twilight, Walks in silence through the heavens! " Then.Iagoo, the story-teller, relates how Osseo,~-the eon of the wandering star of Even ing, was beloved by 0 sreenee, the " silent, dreamy maiden," who refused "all her.young and handsome suiters," and married . Old Oiseo, poor and ugly, Broken with age and weak with coughing, Always coughing like a equirrel, Ah, but beautiful within him Was the spirit of 03seo, From the Evening S:ar descended." All the heavenly bodies, indeed, were flap posed to be human beings or spirits by the North American Indians. The ghost theory was very obviously held among them, cot the mere Fetish worship imagined by some modern writers. "I SUPPOSE I'll have to go; but, indeed, it " wasn't my fault," said a pretty servant girl when the mistress oi the house surprised her husband hugging the lass. " Ob, no, don't think of going," replied the practical mistress; " since yon have been with us we are saving money. My husband remains in of evenings, watching for chanees to hug you, and I stay home to watch him. His remaining at home is from $1 50 to §2 in bis pocket every night, and I'll want some of the money shortly for a new dress, and there'll be trouble if I don't get it. Most married women will not have a pretty servant girl about the house; but when a pretty servant girl will enable me to get pretty clothes I'm willing to tolerate her." -Philadelphia Daily Herald. 