IftoveHst. JOHN ABBERTON. -»i« — — . THE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OF THE \- WORLD. . By CteOA rtSNOR BtJNSTBE CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued). I answerod that I proposed to make a trip to Constantinople, and tho Greek Arahipoiago, the "Betty Baker " having heen obarteedfor a trip to tboso parts. I said thai I wished to learn more of the oallot's proiession, and that 1 oould not have a better ohanco of doing so than my- presont position presented. To thiB Monefenr Cambro'oho assented; pdding,; however, that when I was in port I was to - maho hie honsa my home. "Von are tho eon of my good friend," ex claimed this excellent gentleman, and yon are mine in affection. Allow— my house, my purse is yours. Try that Burgundy . It will ' not hurt yon— no," and in proof ho drank 00 b hamper. -When we joined -Madams in tho pretty ssfen of the oottago, ;MonBiehr waB mel low. 'Ho was tho moro pleasant— gay, witty, < hnmoronr, and pathetie in turns, so that. Mudamo regarded him with infinite pride and BUCOIIOD. i' '. ,. " Aha flhb to'xdo " it is tbe woolleo-. ; tion'ot yoar father and nb friondeWp that . baa Inspired MoaiiBiQar"— the which miRht ' have been .trne j but none the lescf the Lieu» tcnanVfl Burg'ahdy wiis etrong, and he had " floored three bottles to hia own allowance. I lay that night , in a obey bed ia oi Vlittlo 1 turret room, from the window of wmoh I. /eDjoyed next mornirig an extensive vttwj of Barroonding . country, It waa a periBpeolivo of villaa ; and country honscs, onlfclvated flelds ond gardens; while in ths far difltoncfl " tho eyo dwelt upon tbo -dim blco, which, obscured a low lying rarga of monntainb. The ; " - Boene was rather English than French. . Isoid ' so as wd flat at . breahtast, enjoying , me., omelot, tho obicken and mh8hroonifl,'.tho bright claret, and the score of dishes flervod ; np to. us. The Lieutenant looked hp; " Of Bngliah say yoa," he bhservea. JJNo,, no— and yet it is sO. In' Kent it is 1 think \- that you mayobservoflnoh ouliiyotion eh? Bat attend dear young friend. The Bordfljaififl' . - are of Franco more .than all her children, r.- , Yes. It is so. It is hero that there dwaus. the patriotism which is of divinity. Madame, v your coffee eurpasss the Elixir of ths Goaa . - .t : at which we all laaghed heartily. . . - Good people I honest, kindly, tioetyinenafl. Not for many years was I to'mect you again, Yet rarely a day passed, but .that I rcoallpa your hospitality, your elmplo kindness yont : genuino fieaxtinoss. CHAPTER XV. ; ah adventuhb . a. new acquaintaflcb. 'J Bsforo wo started for Constantinople I wrote . to Mr Arrowoy, my father's London ngsnl, entreating Wm toforwardon letterBwhi anxious ; for time, and mors than time naa. Spired 'since they lstt, for the woeipt rf " oommnnfoation from them. But with nU,_l nevor dreamedthat not for many weary ycars ' shoald I hearofmydcor parents. ' whleh lay beforo mo aMMt bearjttt >. j» my imagination, any oonoeption ot.Mw.twg-, . - : aa itoxutod oven at tho momonl I dispatobea : ' ' v? V "iw beiieva Betsey Baker was oonsolonfl \- that sha was being taken to foreign parts, and S??! Ti all in her power to resent tho ontrogo. I'Lf.'Bowlea mrtcxtnimcfl hrn moMon. tiointfng out with great gravity that tho eraft, Ead as slio always was tostcer. waa. upontoo occasion of this trip, worso than ever, /mo aa for Balling, thonghwe had \- rule, tho most we got out of her were oigu flhn's ralky." mattered tho skipper, as ho hovo tho log. ond itonousoiiohm' uguinst 2\. vou I doro EBy folk would laugh at t, hiu SewwbJt lnow uud Botsoy has ' n tomncr of her own, libo all of ucr ncx. All tbia wan onffioicntly nmoaing. Tor modo B long trip. The skipper, seeing bow xi-Ti,nA mnntered matters of sonman- ISFiS«HI dead tcokoning. ' 0j' devtotiono . . with lunar h""nnnXJ0 taoh mo tho basis Bat he knew onough . o an(jhot jj! sijjsswsgsiiyesss : Biikcr. Why noy, ou3 hero jouato, . thirty yee & about navigation in .a c SteSSS 3 Sfsisssatssa'stf any montalu spsriority. I novo always mads it a rnio of. my lUo that, given n healthy mind, .one'' man oan do what- another con do. Ot ooorso I except -tho poet, the painter, tho. musician: : Those people era possessed of apeolal gifts; and ono who enjoys thorn not, might or well seek to > emulate their . achieve- mcnto .as solvq tho onigmB'of tho Pyramids. . . But in all the practioal arts of life, euoh as tho average intelleot can learn, the diOerenoe hetwoon excellonco in ono man and in another .resides almost solely in a diOerenoe of energy ,«nd.wlUjpow»; . ..i. , Who that has .visited Constantinople, will- \- marvel.-; thai, I, was seined with an eestaoy of delight as my eyo dwelt nnon It, viowed from Iho deqk of our vessel. ; we lay inthe . Golden Horn,;, a gull to- tho north east of the oily, forming: a' magnificent; harbor.', It.waa now crowded with shipping, .flying the flags of' half the nations of the world, .- Oalqnoa darted to and fro ; whilo 'ever and anon some great. State oOioial in hia, galley .was pnllod soross tho harbor by somo twonty.rowers, to-Para or Galats.", High sbovo, tho . stunted woodon houses with their rooting. of hollow tiles, .arose tho mosques ol St. Bophla, Bolyman, and Aehmet. The. Saltan's palace, with its broard marble stain leading toithe wator.lay to the left. ' To the horth and eaet, I beheld tho subuibs ot Galate, Cassim Faeha, Tojp- kanah andPera; and timing to tho sontb- wards, tho great olty ot Oonstsntlnople spread its hngo breadth- and length. It . -was -not, long ere l modo; for ehors— warned by tfiB skipper and old Bowies toMmep my woathor eye open, and trait to - nobody, andto oawy -iny- rovolvers. : - ' What a dbillnslon nomsa to thn traveller; when once landed ha tha filthy street ol this ei(y' ot the. Turk! . Narrow/ UI-paved, tho gutters reeking with filth ; the booses mean and almost invariably bplit of wood : tbe -dream of loveliness vihiob'-is indulged in by. him who looks npon Constantinople from afar, is ohcekod npon closer aoqnaintanea, by a. most dieagreeablo awakening. ' The Tntk is Indeed a non-progrossiva individual. Ha loaves thai scavenging of his city to the dora; tho oaro of hi matohwood honees to Allah and a fatalist On brigade, and contents htm. soli in the belief that ho is tho cieahssl and most virtuous oroatnru under the -sun, bo- caora ho bathos -twice a day and 'drinks nothing stronger thsn coffee." And-' yet ha has,'- though lying ' dormant, many noble qualities— oonrage, patience, hospitality, and a certain simplicity o! character which keeps him toothful and boneat. I speak, ol coarse, of tho ordinary Tork. Tho offloial Tork fs a ' a rascal in ovary regard ; and it Is indeed a pity that bseaneo of bis ill-doings and irr. ; oloimablo bad natnro, tbo people as a whole; should eomo'nndsr tho ban ot Europe, pnblie opinion. ; However thero were after thoughts. During 'my abort expcrienco of Oonslantinoplo 1 found tho Greeks and Albanian! tho greatest scoundrels. Ths ' former aro indeed nuiquo in their viliainoss natnro. Sorely nothing' of tho Hellonio character bos been inherited by tba sordid, nnscropnloas, dirtv, cheating villains who throng .Oonslsntinopls, keepers of coffee honees, and. brothels, usurers, in shopkeepers and -the iike. No. The Greek of Homer, is no longer existent. Conqnest long ego eliminated him from ths world's types ot natrons ; and: he now poses, n mixture of: Byzantine and Soiovonio blood, a false witness; so a glorious nutory. I hsd not been long- ashore,- oftor esoaping the oolioUatiohs of tho hngo raaoais of ooniers, \- for baksheesh, ere. I met a'- yonhg man rann- ' ing down the street, bare-hosded and avidentty : agitated. Seeing me, ha stoppsd, ' and - asked me if Iwonld retnrn with him to a coffee shop in i whioh' ho had been robbed. 'To my . remaik that hei had best seek the police, he langhsd. '.' The policoT'.ho eehoed oontemptnonsly. "By tbe timo' wo got: them,- those follows would be scattered all over Constantinople. No, no.. If yon'U back me np, I'll jolly soon knook my watoh and money ont of the dogs." Iooald not well rofaso, albeit l maat own . I had. little inolioatlon for the' business. I- know very well. that a squabbla.ln Constant!! noplo meant ths ties ol tha.knifo. snd .willing aa I wos to help a oonntryman to reodvsr.his propcrty. I had no fsnoy for getthtg ft thrust - with ft dagger . nndex . my ' ribs. However I accompanied tho yonng man; the mora readily booanee he was -evidently of 'superior 'stand ing.'.-.'.-"-' : . . We tnrhed down a dark aUoy, and.entered a low long saloonj with a olraulor oonnter at; one end. A number of ill looking fellows woro seated around. drinivlug boiled;, shsrbst, and oountry wino ; and one and 11 smoking likofumaoes. A hcronlean fallow,' soqwling and sinister of oonntsnanos stood behind the oounter. To this man my nnw aoqaaintanoo ' made , his 'way. Ho uddressod him in Italian, ; with no tone of anger, but with tho air of one: who was .determined, nnd wus not of a.- kindto.be easily frightened, ; . Tho Groek was aU snavity, as smoking his oigarotte, hoossarod tho yonngfdlow that hq Irnno nniViSnn nf hia eatcui or hlfl'Eimflt ' " Why yon scoundrGl," oried' tho other; for tho first ttmo raising his voioa— ". yon have it in your pookot"— and with ft ouadon move ment, ho seized tbo embroidered pooket of the man's - jacket. Instantly .the fellow, drow a- knife, and' would havo driven it home in. the yonngstera .throat; had I not quickly stopped forward. I whipped bat ft , wvolw,: find the rasoal started baokashe looked into its shin ning, barrel.;,: . . , ' . " Stir n band," I oried, " and m btow yon villainous braine ont. ' Otit with the vratoh 1 Bnt thoro' was no noed for; answer. . to - this demand, since tha owner, with a deftness that would have done credit , to a finished .'pick- pookot, 'epeodQy transferred the" property to hie possession onoo more. " And now the money," said he. . The Greek, his sinister face grqen with min- . "dad- fear ana passion; handed Spun -to, my- Sow acqnintance, the while his eyojwandorod nronnd the rbom,'ssoking help from some, of hie follows. But my. pistols— one ;bald in. eaoh hand— kopt these at bay, thongh thoy fingoiod their knives in a Tory ominous man ner and mattered sullenly as wo posssd.down tho room, Onoo in tho ailey'my companion ""'Ban liko tlio doril,'' and wo sped out into tho street, and.down to tho qnny, na, thongh a ropimont woro after us. , Hailing Q calqao, wo had iast pushed off when , tho rnccully Greek, followod by two of tho polico ortivod npon tho saono. Tho boatmnn woald hOTo returned in nnswor to thoto domand; bnt ooizing tho paddle, and pushing him audo, my now acqnaintanco, with ft few vigotous etrokes, drove the light baitk: far tott/flm stream. In a fow minutoa wo wore alongslda. " Botsy Bafcori" and throwing a dollar to. tho boatman, olamneren boomu. ; tho sklppor, who applauded mo. for my son- dnot; SSfUng, enough to haTO soma. bother ahont.tt.. But \- this foreboding was not reaUsk PosmMy the rneoally keeper of the- coffeo hqnzs, refleptpd that all thingo eonsidoroa, it was perhaps „ wcli to lot tho matter roat. < At anyrate, wo heard no moro about it ;, and although l ran often ashorb, I suffered no further tnojteta- "Thavo montionoa this trifling . jnoidont. In its fuU'dotails, beoanea it led to my introdno: tion to a gentleman, who thersfater b.csmo mv firmfriond, and whos3 f ulnro wea destined to hcoomo, in a move degree, interwoven with my owDs CHAPTER XVI. rnesn woods AND rASimiEU hsw. Mv now acqnaintancs-toidns that his name was onry DtinficrfloId, end thaiLo was- so- Tnna mate of a harqno belongiiis to htsfathar, hut whloh had sailed thrco days ego, leaving MmSinre. With tho ingenuous IrantaGss oMhs £s,hs informed us that tho wra o! his miasiag tiio ship hflfl arisen from a' flitcation vUh sn Axmanla- maiden, whoio blaak eyofl hsd kada apoh an impression npon bla heart, aa to nndorhim reoklew ololloon. flcneriogag arising from tho ptbscoulion othis. 'advootoros - ."1 i . But," said ,ho, "-I soon found that this \- innooent had: very, nraotioai notions,- and that whilo sho affobtei , to bovimprosspd by my fnrions levsmaking, her 'object was not my hoart. but my portabto - proporly. Bhs was no donbt in concert with thatrasoal Talankos. Ihe Groek, so yon seo, I havo. been made n fool of all aronna.' And now Captain, " h< wont on; addressing onr shipper, "11 you'll giv, : mi a piMsgs to Bordeaux, I oan pay yon- thanks to Mr. Abberton bore.", . " Peerage and wetoome," quoth ths skipper, "and'glad of youraompouy. But as for pay . tog of . mo, no;.' I reckon yon, won't make muoh difforene'a to the oon-tonts of the hat nesioaek br.tha hencoops, and I've a span bunk at yonr.sorvios. Bat yoa'd . best writ, . homo, for wo'ra bonna for Crete and tha is lands, afora we lay. Betsy's nosa on hsreonret to Bordcaox." . - All this was nloasant to me; hsoanso. although Hiked the skipper immensely, and found; muoh . diversion in bis oonvsrsatior, -sad qnaint exprtsiion of as quaint thought. I was not sorry- to snjoys the society of a eompanion ot my own adneational and sooial stamp. So that all things oonsidored, tho provotb that it . is 1 an . ill' wind that blows \- nobody good, earns with fores to me, whoa I realised - that Mr Dangerfleld'a : flirtation with tho prstty Armenian, ana- ms meeting with ms sn tha oeeasion of his bctog. tobbed, had tamed snt, Knot to bis sdvanlsgo, moat 'certainly to; mine- Dangerfleld wss.a man worth knowing.-; To a mind naturally aonto and vlgorons, ha added an odasation ot a very high order. Ho had takcnanM. A.degrea at Oxford; had been to the Navy, and had enjoyed the advatiUga of society, collared and refined. I asked him how it osmo to piss that he had left ths naval service. , . .. "Ennui my friend," ho answered; "It was alt very well when on forslgnierrics ; bnt yon oan conceive nothing so monotonousand youl-' weary togas a man-of-war Ufa. on psaos com- toisafon—U I can so 'express myielf.-So I ont it, and my father, who is a merchant govs ma - a berth on one of bis ships. Soma of those days 111 got him to hand ono over to mo, and then, yon bet, lit movt." ... I did not donbt blm. He was one of thosa to whom vitality is ro strong that when thoy coma to ' die, In natural conns, wo marvel. Etgcr, vlgorons, confidant, healthy ; enjoying Ufa with the oapaeity of virility, Bangsrflold was a man in every regard to , ha enviso. His uunper.was ssxone. - A liown rarely duOgnred hu crow. " His eyes wera always bright with goodbumor; a emits aver rested on his lips. Bomatlaes, when I look at him, now, sn'old man by years, thongh yenag of natnro as ever, and torn to regard tbo haggard, fxatfol, wom eonnton&noei; o! tha yoatha l anoonatsr, I find myself reflecting that age is not to. ha oonntcd hy tims. bul by health of mind and body. $7 mada.a fair - rua' to tbo arohi- . polego, all things eonsidsrod, and having aa- cured ft aargovery resdlly sot about our ro- turn. ... \- Wa bad dirty weather and head winda back to Bordeanx ; bnt l Betsey Biker," al though tolly awsra tbat'-she was on ths homeward : track, behaved remarkably well, muoh to tho odifloation of.tho skipper ahd Mr Bowles, who were never tired of. singing her praises. ; " There's lham, mind yer, who won't bellsva as . ft ship : has. . sinso" ; said' ths .boatswain. :. ."Bat they're shore going folk' mostly; as knowa as mnoh about ft ship and her ways as I do of; ft' Lord.? Mayor's bsnqust. Why sbonldn't ft ship have aensot Hasn't: she a woioo? Don't she groan, and moan, and : oreak, assha strdiui to a heavy oea ? Don't hex spars and afiils and riggin sing and whisti again as tbo breszo kissea-her. Fah 1" and Mr. Bowles sxpqotorated a stream of. tobacco jotos to leeward to evldenos ol hia obntempl for.nnbeUavere In a ship's eeotlent nstoro: \- It was good- to hear tho skipper and Bowles talking sbout hor. as thoy took a turn on the little after deok. v.'. "She's gey to night, Bowles,, said-tho okip- per.,- : /. . " Ayasir. and Baroy. Sha's havln' euoli a daoea u tones op that ohep'e arms I' reakoo, at the wheel."; . v : ; " She's a beaaty,":ihhrmnrod the okipper, 1 snd'Mr. Bowlea nodded esient. "; ' " All the waps of a women as yon might say,'.' obierved the skipper. „ - "All her - wlrtues and only a few of .her .wioos," onawored tho boatswain,— though Lord I I never- sea a woman as ono. oonld manage lika her. . Tha skipper' laughed. '1 Will no. D'ye see, that though Betsey kloks sometimes she'osn allno bo brought to -her eonses, with a turo or two ot tho wheal, anda haul oh tho breee's. - Bnt women somehow—" and tho good'fellow paused to finish; his son- toneo with o prodigfous puff of his pips..-; Exoelient.-stodple-hesrted; Hon-soolad man I They were typeaof a generation ot seamanlbat to 'England for ever.: Steam hss dono away : with the need ot seamen, or indeed of seaman ship ; ahd tbe.engineer and ths stoker are tho real suooossors ol tba old olaes of salts, . Not that. I wonld hiht that tho ipirit whioh oni- mated tho old sea worthies of yaro, is no toogor .to exlstenee/ Bat it is hot evoked to tho same direction, or by -simUsr cireom- stonoss to thoso whioh aduoated onr sailors ot eighty years ago to manly dntiea hod - manly obareotcr. At laitwohovo into Bottoy's old ; berth - on ' the .Garohoo. ; I hastened: Bshore, eager to learn whether letters had-aaived for mo. , . -.- ; . I -rabeivod fi brlof epistle from my.fathox'a London agent, tofbrmiog ma .that he had re- eoIved.;a letter .'from- my faibeX< dated. from. dhoJ Oapo,butnothlDgfnrthor.Ho added nothing as to his knowledge ot ;tbbteorapa I .had falliu into, hut wonnd up by stating that ha should bb.glad to hear , ot/zh; eddrees, in order, if necessary, that lio might 'bommnnl- oato with mo. Thia waa nil. It was 'discouraging. "Ihad counted npon hoaring,frbni my poopla, with' that oortofnty. that docs not permititeolf to woigh the possibi lities of aefoat or diioppointmant. And X was now proportionatoly. ohsgrincd, and in-, dood diteournncd. For this long cilenoo from my folhor bodod ill; nnd for tho first timo flashed upon mo the sickening Apprehension that oomo disaster had bofallon tho ohlp in which they had sailsd, and that my loved ones might ba silent for ovir.moro. Tho agony this thonght brought to - ma was tho stronger to' thal. wlth a youlh'a sangnina oonfidencs; tho possibility of dlsastorhadtiovor, ooonrrcd to mc. In onr fresh, young -end EQimu (lays, mo iaca u usiis id ourselves or to thoso wo love,-, never: comes' to as— alboit tho- grim lesson is being constantly taught: around us; that ths -reaper io obroad to the field. - ; Tho re-aetion from tho disappointment of- hope, and tho enhstltution of a dreadful pos- nibdity'iu my thoughts, rendered mo mfser- ablo and reotlcsn.: WdTcmont booamo uesso-1 esry. to mo. I' rofleotsd us to what I should do. To return In tho "Botsy Bator" was dangerous. ' And as -I roflootod upon the Tin- diotlvo spirit of Oolonoi Lawless, and his eagerness 1 to ran me - down, I ohnddored at tbo possibility of hoing oast into prison, thoro to Jlvol niouo with mv own thoughts- and vague torrors.I took a brisk walk, 'and by : tho timo I had rotaraod;- bad' de termined to wander throujjh Froneo In esaroh ot odvonturo, until farther nows might roaoh mo, and tho worst or best woro known ' to mo. And inotnwhila 1 resolved not to visit Oam- broaho, who might ecsk- to weskon my pur-, poso. This rceolvo rnodo, I felt easier ; os ono ovov does who has defined within his mind a -source of notion, andhas so banished alldoubt ana irrssolutino. : When I: went down to tho ship X found that Dangerfleld backboard from his fsther. : " Ho is angry' with me," said he, " but that Is no thing. My'siatqr adds a pbstsoript to ths ef- fcot that' ho io sqriously ill. . I must get back' at ail hazards,' and. as rapidly as :possiblo. Across oountry, to Boulogne or Havre, and take packet. I must start to-night. And yon ? . ' . '. , . ; I told : bim my pnrposs. and tho . canso whioh had tod to its aaggestion ; fit whioh he oommisorated-with me on ths ono hiuid, and on the other congratulated me.. . "Lordlhowl should liko to goalong with Jon. Bogular Gil Bias buninoss. oh? Bat cannot, and so there's an end of it. You'll want money. I've had a remittance and oan lend yon £10, Which yon oan return fit your leisnro. Ba anrs to- keep ms posted . np con- flowing yoor edventores. Formypart,sbaU' I oali on" any o! yont friends when I. get over? " . -. v I acoopted his loan, bnt said that I intended to writs to my father's sgont. As for Irisods, I observed that I had none. In truth I did not desire' my store to resoh his ears throngh ptrhspo prejudiced sources. It was settled then, that ws were to write to oaeh other. . Then', wo bado adioa to Captain Bavago. Ho stared when -I said I was going ' to . take ft walktog tour through. Francs. . ' " Why boy," lio said, "if I' didn't know bettor, I'd reakon yon got a restless fit'.on ye. I eountsd that yon was real took with sailor lifo, and that von'd make many a trip along o' ms and Bowles to ths Betsey Btktr, Its ft real knook downer this hero information. And whatll Matty say if I leave yon along with tha Frsnohmen. And whatll Nsnoy eay. Oh 1 1 tell y a I ahall get a regolar tosgno lash. to,' I shall/' . I axplaiued to him tha reasons that had moved me to my resolution, hot it was easy to. «s that ho considered them insafifialent, and that to hia view, a life aboard the" Betsey Baker" afforded as mnoh diversion as any to be obtained by wandering throngh France. As for Mr. Bowles, ho said ha was "flabor. ghosted." "Its throwto' away a'ohanes as ono mightn't fail aoross to fifty years, sir, is to- deod. Why bloss me, a smart yonDg man like yon might bo master ot s ship in a year or so. You re got gills to tha sotfaring line, and it's a tin not to cultivate torn; speaking with no offsnea sir, end as one who wishes yon well." . I comforted him with ths assurance that I did not intend to abandon a sea life, and that I was only taking thls oonreo to order to pass tha tima until I oonld hoar from my friends. Still ho oonld not understand why I should havo chorea Franco na the soent ol my ramble. , " They're no aoconnt, eir," said the old man. " Talk ot Ghinymen as eats cats and dogs I Why lookeo here. These chaps gobble frogs and malls by the' trashsl ; they do s'slp me Davy," and Mr. Bowlea indicated his dis. gust in his usual fashion, expectorating with great skill and energy; I bads tha skipper commend ms to his household, and then with' hearty handshake I started off, carrying only a simple knspssek containing a few ehangea of linen. For' ths first time sines I had read tbo agent's letter did my spirits riie.as Iatruokinto tha great northern road whioh leads to Nantes.; There is, to tho elaitio spirits of youth, something ' pkaouMable to thins plunging into the' future without abort ox compose, hut : resting filono ' upon that insomtablo principle ' wo dnb 'ohanoe. At any rate I felt it so, aa I trudged ths pisturesquo road winding over hRl andi ooiu; maraing wiin no envious roeiing ise: Witt passage of railway trains; but taking' the greater pleasure , in tho reflection that , haste nor. worry troubled toe, and , that! I waa'fres to travel whtthoreoover l ohpso— so long as my toanay. lasted.":-; : V " \- " And then ?" I asked toysoU. The answer' WIS prompt frbm tho oqnfideut.spirit. of my ; self aemranobandeelf appreoiation/' .- " Ssmothing is sure; to turn ' np. Gold-: smith travelled far and wide unaidod, save by tha rosources ot his flute. At tho worst loan: -buy a violin and fiddle my way along, as ho blow Air.- And tbon 1 mnttared : the lioes, ootomonotng "Bomoto, natrionded, molan.; sholy, slow,", and sped: on, repeating "The: Traveller,'!: nntil tns;ehades 'of aventog gathered, and I entered a little- vRIago. I can well rombmber paneing on tho summit of the bill whioh ovoxlooked the valley to which it stood, and watohing -with : admiration-, tho glint of tho,snn npon tha tiles and tbsitoh ot the'; cottages ; tha tall spire: of ' the vlllego ohoreh standing ont to the olear aventog air ;' while around find'-; beyond, -.'tho soens was aisistcd to its peaoeinl rural toflnonoe by farm and field, plantation and gar/on." 'Hbwovbr, hunger totorruptod my roverles ; ; an ompty holly, has- no sentiment. I do- sosndoa ,thb ioad and ontorbd' the ' village. : Fanetog nt a rnbtio inn, I- domanded' to bo : snppUod with sapper and a bed; and wbila these wero bolng. prepared, Bttollod through: uiq vuib|ju t» auhiidoiiic a oan reoau now , the gob'd'folk stored at at ms with ths toto- . rest;.of tho yokol who rarely meots with o : .human, being: of ' Buporior assto: Sinoo tho i railway system had been inaugurated it was evident that: .Hotomont had fallon from its termor activity and battle to tho condition of , a aleby hollow. Tho advent of btrangors was,- nnnsual.; Henos tho oaribsity:and interest whioh toy appoaranoq. excited. . CHAPTER XVII. ' ":>'v x ketoi a siuir. - It its only, thoea . who have travoliod afoot,; and' pooped into thsbyaways ot Franco who: ceh at bnbb - doisrtoins its capoiior econio: boanty ; ns it is nIab.only thbBa who, hove zo ; .travoUod who kngwitbat tho poasaut woman is: by no moans the coaroo and awkward wonoh it ' Is thooqstom.torpaint hor. .It is trne-that. .she :does.not,'lika;.th English, bonntry gid,' learnto hong-tho paiti and dooonnt on tho fashions. 8ho is natnrsi, qnlok-wittcd, to tho ;sontb,.affeotlonato and hospitable. As oho grows old of coarse sho withers rapidly. Women to fa hells Francs work harder than horses do- in England: honos their 'early, deoay. , : : , , : : Sotob snob rofleotibna ooonrred to ma as I was norvbd by a plump Httlo maiden' to my sapper. Yon may havo scon hor counterparts to pioturcs and comotimos on tho stago— trim, .dark-eyed lasses with woll defined logs and small, foot, tho latter ? being tho bottor . disoornabla by roason of tho scantiness of thair psttiaoats. Baohfi yonng girl introduced to my notics a roast pallet with mushrooms, . Soma Normandy ohccs9 end balad, whito bread ; and a littio bottle of white wine, with a bowl of : buttermilk eonp to bogihwith,.' . ' . -I'lTadamo ma m irt" said : tha littio ' lass, is aesoiarea tnas sno oan oner Monalaor nothing' bottor." - - - v:"; ' - ' '-." Madams your . mother" answered I gallantly, "has served too like a piinco, tha more so -that oho has ohoson ft prinbess to disghiseto wait npon me." ' " Ah 1 Monsieur flatters," oriod the littio eno playing with n corner of bor opron. - " Monoienr novor flatters," I returned, " ho lovos truth too woll. Come, what is thy nama pretty ono," and I drow hor to my e|do. ' " Elieo Roohoio," oho anoweiod coyly. "Then," I rotnrnod, "EUss Raohois," on tho honor ot a gentleman; and bo you are n pretty littio pigoou, I will not cat a nltoof my supper anions you givo ma a lrlss." : " Is Monsieur In earnest, " 'she asked, turn ing to look at mo. With a blush sho presented hor ohcok which I saluted," - . "Ioanmanagothooonp now," I murmured — " but not tho poulet or tho ohcreo,- nnd as for tho wine " Bat hsro sho broke away with a smothered loogb, uhd with o bsokward glanoa— a Parthian shot— from hor dark oyos, flew from tho room, giving me n-gUmpee of hor dainty ankles as oho did so. Now, wniie I' eat my sapper vnm -hearty: iippbtito, let me dieahneo my roader'a ' minds- from any doubts' thoy may haVo; bbmrntnobd! to form as to. tho parity ol my morals'; or tha' high oharaoteroi my virtue. Ihavopverloved'i tho sooibty of pretty women ; hut not. T do- oloro upon, my honour— I still have on atom; loft— with' that . lore whioh - is 'ft?prbfana?' tion. of- thohOblo passion. I have bono of tbo natnro of tbo hivwk/oVor' on tho alert: for the- pigeon; npon irhloh' to ponnoo. No, I have' loved womon as any hononrablo man May— bocaueo they are oharmiug. of hhlok and deli cate Instinot and notable wit. Henbo!6rward; ! then/let no reader ' of thie veritabio history associato me, with thoso monsters, who, nndox; tho guise of gsliantry, break hbarts.-and rata : houieholds."., This eald.T prooeed wlth my sapper, nons tha loss heartily that I have oommonood my; ramble so uuepioioutly. - The reader has seen what was Set before ms,' Do not 1st him eon-' eider mo a oaonibal beoanss I ate overy toor' sol, and that the pullet's bono were as well polished aa an anatomfoal spoolmen to a snr. gory. I leaned book to sip my trine with tho supremo oontent of a man who -has. dined well, and taking my pips; from toy: wallet, \- filled it oarof ally and lovingly, as tho good smoker ovor- wfil— reoognistog his nloasant vice to ba even aa angling was to Walton, tha sontempiatlre man's xeoreation. Then, light- tog, it I watehed its tamos-onrl np to ths lowosk ceiling, btookonod by' gonsrations of smokors who had sat;: doubtless, oven as I did. nuOtaff their alonds. and dreatotos tha whilo ot their psist and fdtore. ' Ths past fdr too,' soaroo'ssrentesn years ot agshaabsen snfiloiently stormy. My, early memory could trace tho riote .of tha 'roTolu- tlon, than aame a period of quiet and domestlo bapptoeis. Tho next opooh oommonood with my sohool days, and ended with their abrnpt and seneational inoldent. Then toy long ' ill ncss ; my friendship for Nsnoy and nor people ; my pleasant trip in the. "Betsey Baker"; my meeting with Lieutenant Gambroehe ; my Levantine experience; my retnrn toBordcanx and ths birth ol those eadforebudings by whioh I was now tormontod, ond lho wanderings npon whioh I had ontorod. Truly a goodly wltfitho board ol manboo! Yet, a' I com eidored, I could not havo lived withont this experience. It had hardened my mental mmels; rendered ma self.dopehdont, aoon rate, pcrooptive, and ready of wit. With all this, too, I bad gained somo odasation, ol that kind whioh is neofnt to tho man of tbo world, and so for belter thin all tho ninety learning ot bookworm or pedant. For this I havo ob served— it yon teach a man how to live, yon may safely lefiva nls farther education to mm- self. My hostess entered with a lamp and Maxtor, npon whieh my blaak aoffee babbled merrily. Bbo was n stent little dame, ot whom pretty EUse was a yonngor, fresher, and smaller edi tion. She woo neat and obatty, and volublo as most Frenohwomen, receiving my assurances that I had heartily enjoyed my snppor with a ehrag of depreoatlon and tha remark that Monsienrs was too complaisant. . To-morrow he ahonld ba served hotter. Doubtless Hon.. eienr was an artist, and intended to: skotoh oomo ofthsir pretty plaosr, evidently desirone to asoertain whether my etay at hor ton wno likely to be snfiioionUy prolonged as to .toako it worth hsr.wbilo to make too ootofortahle; Snfiloiently Satisfied with my poaltioD/nnd having no Bpre'sl reaBon to press forward at: onoo I replied that'mighi probably stay some : days. I was, interested with tha village, whloh I supposed to bo of Rrest antinaitv. . "Parblonl— It Is as old Monsiour, as Father Noah— yes. The chnroh it was biiilt they . say in the timo Of Louis XI— yes. Tho font ! is regarded as a great eight. Moneienr la Curfi will Inlorm Mbheieur.; For myeoll" ; — with a smilo, " I sm not . informed1: a poor woman has no titoa - for snob matters. - Ha I ; and there was ; th'e haunted Chateau, where the mad Colonel .lives.,, - Oat i ho is terrible. . What is ihat l" and aha paired to listeni ; " It is ho," aha oxoloimsd with a gpsturo of oonsternation.; ; ! It-la ho with hall the village at his baok. -I em .desolated that this should -ooour." .. 1 . "Why,. is ho 'so.very terrible?" I asked.: "He is. so turbulent; ' He drinks, Monsieur ' —he drinks my casks' dry. Onoa a month when tho moon is at its toll, hs oomos hither, with all tha -sots of tha Tillage to drink.to stamp, and . sing ail night.: : Ah I'-MonBienr, I am eorry." , " Nay," said I. with the intention of basing her dietrees. "Never mind ms. tt wbtoe .pleasant perohanoo'to'seo and'hear him." ' ' " Madams Gaspard, Madame Gaepard I Caere eabret dee dragont lleui. Kalidt Whoro art. thou ?- Wo die, weiravS, wo eorosm for wtoo I 'Tie I— Colonel Pdchenr." "Woll named," I laughed, it he be tho sinner you deotaro him." ; But oho hurried . 'from. the W9m, Soger to .mollify hor rongh hut money-spending guest,' who was, moreover, her, landlord. . M heard u« DpusK ,u mm m row tones, xnen ne oricu : . " Ha l a stranger bayeat thou I . -I will-to- : trodaoo mysolf/r' and with this, with one strido ho wao as good as his word; I: arose ' as he entered; snd bowed; He anawered with a military salute. ; ; " I iaka npon myself a liberty, -sir. Forgivo mo. I'lioa yon: fire a gontlomah. More de Situl .1 know ono when I too one. ', Do'et thoh drtok,"young msn.v , Yre... Good, - Thou smokesl. a pipe'. . Ezoollont i. 'Tis, only- tho fop,fe pttic maitre, eir, who .should amoko oigors. Corns, let us to- the long room; whoro ' my ohildronAwail me;" ,,::, With this' ha ntaud beforo mo — a man ef mcgnitlcont pilyejquo ot somo ' fifty years of ego, bnt alert end aativo : with a R-m brandish if I. toay usa tho word; kind of fabo,1 and piqrouig oyos that glowed and sparkled under tbbinflucnco ol bis exoitomont. I xio icd tho way into> a long: room, with eandea floor'qnd low roof, end psnnsled wallb; whioh last wore: doooraied ,;wtth a nnmbsr of prints of battles and tho lika, in which it woe nqtiosable. that the Freuoh arms wore always triamphjiht. .. Here, were bested- oomo: fifty villagers of every degree, from the' small shop beeper to tho drunken tailor, and cobbler, and tho peasitnt tower still — for tho village artisan to Franco bos nsnall rbooived oomo. manner o! culture and is learned to read, and Is enabled to dioouss politics and scandal with his neigh bors, as well na hid betters.. .. , CHAPTER XVIII. V . , / A vtatian UEnnvmKtso; - Dpcn a long table there bad -been plsood Ipatncm jabksoi wino, jags oontsiaing brandy ntirl hflfip. na tirall na fvtirvn ninnns a> stoMM howls of eggs, dried, fitb, saneagoe and the liko.- Tbo oompsny only awaited signal to make attack; andmoanwhilo rogardca theso good things with nil tho ardor of thoso who- livcdfor tho.most part on (oupe. ptafpM and jlofi tho year ronnd, with an occaeionat sllcs oifiomage de cachon on high days and holi days. ' The Colonel handed mo: to a scat to; hie- right, and thon sitting down roared ont, a ta charge mee en/auts cot, drink and bo happy, for to-morrow Monsiour Agraol is upon us." With a shout tho gqcats set to: Phcwi nover bad I scon .onoh gormandizing; never had l dreamed that euoh oapaeity for meat and drink was possible, as these good folk dispicpsd. The Colonel was delighted. Ho clapped bis bands, he ahautcd, fa's urged tha (eaotora.in " Allm Rondrur," oried ho, -to- ft; fotlittla man with a red noeo, and whoso protruding oyes and awollcn features testified to the energy ho cxibilod. " Fi Done - Re- mombegyon havo to fiddle— cat, ont I drink, drink) And than, BoobM I— fill thy -loan carcase, so that thy shrew wife ehallnot know- thoo— Oh6, obfi"— and so on, aa though ho wciq crying a pack of dogs to their food— as indeed ho was. It was t disgusting speolaole indeed. The Colonel's sharp oyes detected my natural impressions of this , debahoh, . "What would yon, my .friend ?" said ha— theso awtoohavoho higher asplratiohs. Tntl would yon plnbo a. touffli before a pig. He .wonld gobblo it np, to be snro, bnt'wTth ho Ucnsq of.' its delloaoy., Hal— (be chargo ia- over. . Sound the halt, Corporal." ; At this,, a tall lean man, with the impcrtnrb- ahto air o( the old eoldibr who had atood . 'at She book of the Oolonol'B ohalr, took two stops to tho right, and with'bugle to his lips sounded tho halt. It was instantly soboycd. Indeed there. wito no reason! to disobey. ; eiceo -there - woe nothing farther to .est or drink. The 'diahcfl.wcro. oan. swept,' .'the jack and jngs were as;empty as an afdsrman'i head. - : ' : And now tho'hoitosa and her pretty dangh- tor, 'attended ' by : two a trapping wenchce entered with a fresh supply bf wins. Before' .tho Colonel and myself, .Madame Gasoard ptooed some bhamnegnoandBargnndy ;with soma dainty little dishes which she had tossed; np' terns; Along the table, were set' jars of tbbaooo, whloh, however, were not touched until vre had tested Madame Gasoard' skill in cookery. This dons, to 'toy - infinite satlofaotlon/ot any rate; wo lit onr pipes, tho : company did tbo like, and soon the low coiled rbbm'bcoame fiUed wIth smoko. Then tba Colonel called for tonsib, wboh Rondenr, .ths littlo fat man, with tho, red nose, and. two : others, got npon a kind 'of stand, one . with flddlo,' another with a bass violin, and a third wllhtlfflftflnak'' Than AAmmavi<ia,4hft <lhaa_. toony". of tbo aventog. ./.Wei), it urns not bad. The dullest Frenchman sings or declaims' with emphasis and lotion,, and . this is a great matter. At last to.my toftoito snrpriso, them warn orica for tho Oolonoi, who aroze, bowed and' at onos oommonood to troll forth a military ditty with fine robust voice. It - was aooom- pained with snob accuracy bytha" band," that it qtraokma they had bean -wall drilled by frequent repetitions to perfsotlon ot tons and time. : There were shoots of applause, as the old soldier sat down.' He fanned to mo with a grimaoo. .. ."Cans'! thon sing, friend?'' ho asked. ' " Oh, yes— a little. But after you." "Tosht onoogh. Commenco." Addresringths fiddler T asked him if hs would ba so complaisant as to lend ma his instruments. Ha compUsd - readily, snd I commenced this song of my father's staging playing my own accompanment. " Oh tha pleasant Ufa tha soldier leads I Let tha lawyer eonnt hia tees. Let old women' toll their heads. . : list eaoh booby eqmro breed cattle, . If ho please,. ... ' Far holler 'tis I . tbtok, . . . To make lovo, fight and drink, . .Oddsboddekint' Pnoh life makes man to a god, a Ring./ : Dowoenterany tbwn?-. - The portcnllies is 1st - do wn, - And .tho joy-bolls aro rang by tonnioipai antbority, 'Cho gates aro opened wide,-.:- ;And the olty keys, presentod as hssldo, . : - -Merely to recogntso ocir vest superiority, The married ottizens, tis ton to one. - , : Would trioh no fairly gone; , . But wo stay whlla.it auits onr'good. plossnre. Then each evening at tho rising of tha moon, The fiddler strikos np a morry tuno, ; . Wo moot a bnxnm partner full soob, And wo foot it to a military measurc. ' Ron tah.'rataniah1 !:: , -Ahl tobolbtat. \\. When ont (teriisoh at' last' gets " tha robt," - - : - Who can adequately tell .Tha regret of tho fair, oil. tho oity througbout; And the tone with which thoy bid us if. tars- ' . /well." ' '. Their' tears wonld toakb a flbod— a perfeot . ' rivor. - .",!./. :.-! And to soothe her despair, ? Eaoh disconsolate maid entreats of in to giv . ///her:./:'::;:" -.-7; ; v;/;:: Era wa go, fi single, lock 0! onr .hair; V- ; ' Atast itisnbt often That my heart can soften : ! Rsspanoivo to tho feelings of tho fair . . . Ran, tan '4-s, - /// On a'mawh; when our gallant diviriona ' V - In the bonntry mako a halt,' . Think hot'thqtWa limit onr preriatone,' / : To Paddy's fsro'potstoes and salt, : - Could buoh beggarly cheer Ever answer a Franoh grenadier!. No 1 wo send a dragoon paid- To cabh neighborirg farm yard,/ v; ' ! ' To oollect the choiisst pickings— Torkoys, Booking pigs, and ohtokens ;. ' For why should snob msro rnsiio rqpsaallions Fatten on'auoh tit-bits. ' \- - Balter auited to tho spits" ' Ofoushungryandvaloroua battalions - ; . Thoro are.-baii;.a-dpzen mora Verses whloh I retrain from quoting. 'Tis aoamp- phanaon, snd mav ba snared: the fasiidions.-. But mv andlenoe was not of .qnalttosh / order.'' When'. I oonolnded (singing, of, aciurse,.in Fren'oh, nnd, marking wcU ita:,.mUitory ::idl6m)',tlio applause was ; deafening. / . All; arose, and thanked mo.My hcalthwosdrunk, audtho: colonel embraced mo. . r . "My , son,'.' said ho1,/'! 'tia .tweniy years stocb'I heard that sohg, ' Who :tangnt it to thea?" . . . f My father, Oclonal. Althongh/ /an EngUshmnn.ho acryed to the Firanoh army in Algiers for Boma timo." . "EngHab I" hc cchced.' " And you— where got yon the accent?" 'i I was bprn in Franos," I tinswcrqd,;|' and .np to tba days of tha 'revolution lived under , bar sonny.; skies., Besides,' toy tntot ; was : ;Frbnoh.''::.;-!:.//!- : f.Whathcr goest :tbou , now,'?- ho- asked; , preserving tho affectionate mbdo of. - prto nonn. " Bnt 1 etay. , To-rabrrow: yon will como to my bouse. Madamo assures mo that yon; dra: not hnrried. ;Lit:,mb sea yon to- toorrow." / ;--.!v//. , -/,'/' t.jv; \- ' Glad onongh, I aoooptcd tho invitation;' Then ho arose;':' . ; -'f My friends," said ho, " it is hot fitting wa .shonladistnrbthomcmoryotmonsicur'o— har mony Vcnfant de efioeur— by hby'ol onr rndor efforts, I! loavo you, but (lrink and cing as yon: will, untir madamo turns yon out. Ono glass mora. Tho toast— "Franca, our, mothor." This being drank with acclamation, .tha Colonel and I retired. As I hade bim good night, ho said ho wonld send tor mo at noon next : day,, find- then ho .stalked away, tbo Corporal following in tho shadow ol his tail figure,. -UriAi liiiAi AIA« . Tna CBA;TEAT;«. ; " And so Mcnaicnr ia going to tho Ohnteau," saidElies Gaspard, no . oho waited upon mo /with breakfast.- "Ah, well I Ho has oonr- ibge/1', "Howie that, Elioo?" I asked, taking her hand. " By the way, my rustic heauty, you" \- havo forgotten somothing." v \- . With admirable nffcotaticn, oho - looked around tho table.:' - 1 _f Forgotten 1 Well, thero aro tho eggs, tha : rolls, tho butter is there, eh, nnd the pigeons, with cabbage, ere beforo you,: Moneienr— adorable dish I— and ths fivce a«x bcttre, . coffee, wine— what hava/I forgotten, Mon-. 1 sionr." "Eliso, you are ft; littio bypoorlte. Yon know well what you hovc forgotten." ... " Monsieur, I protest— ahl .Monsieur is —" but sha said no more, hor. rlpo lips . meeting mino, not Unwillingly. " Ah, Mon- Sionr,' voiij cfe» tm gaiUanl.- ' It is wrong of yon to flatter a poor girl lilr'o mc,"- and I ; swear alto looked exquisitely pretty as, twist. ' t'ng hct apron with ono hand, while sho per Pllttod too to hold, tho other, she stood, halt pooling, halt smiling, by my side. Suddenly, with a atari, she oTOtaimed : " Belai I Monaienr's dljeuner is spoRed. He baa permitted' the ' omelletts/to. fasoomo - - ireavY, and, what is worse, tho eggs;too; oold, the pigeons-rail! Monsieur, yonr health will snffcr if yon do not instantly partako of yonr. ; breakfast." . Protesting that not ; a hits or snp wonld I o'oissnme nhtil she onoo more allowed ma to satotahcrohcrrylips/and wihningpormis-, aion, I sot to work, wtth snoh good wili.that l left, bnt littls to feed the arows on- by tho . time I badfinishod oporatlons. Truly, this. was most enjoyable. How Iilongcd tor n , companion: . Dangerfleld, of, ,- hotter/ Charley -. Shallot, sicca ha was more of my sge, and . still woro tbo freshness of innocence. "fimokfng tny. pipO btoore the door- of the - anbergo, the sign of whioh'I .discovered to bo . . f1 La Vitlle Mmi(ache— exhibited . to . tha-. apprehension of tho passer by through ; tho medinm of a wondcrfol work of art, -which,"- albeit dimmed by tha storms and rotas ot generations, istiii discovered tha.imsga of o - battered physiognomy, bossttog iuienormona pair of white, monitachas— I behold many, of the gaccts ot tha previons eventog enter tha . hdnso, lookirg ae msok, and hnmblc, and eontrito 'aS the domsstio sinner ever does who ; has bcon guilty of exceas, / As each paesod . ms, he took his oap from his -head, - and Belated mo with a , bow, find, determined to wto a good name among them, I ' asked ; Madams Gaspard to: serve them with anv- thing they called for, and pat tha charga to , mo. : Madame ahrugged her shonlders. ; " Monsieur, I am told, is English. "Pardon, ; / hut I bava always hoard that the Engh'sh > are . of cocsntrioity. AUorn l Sleuleun lea , ierogneei denandet votre lamire." It waa evident that Madamo wasnatnnwll- ' ling. I could understand oicourso that she did not seek to make money by tbd drankennoao of -hexeaatomeis. ' I stepped into tho little room . whieh we to Anstratia wonld Call a bar. "Madune Gaspard, I.aleo willpartakeo! gome homraah/favurf." .! , Tho -little woman looked np, stared, . and - burst Into -i "merry langb, oohocd by tho - bumpkin's. .''' "Ahl Monoisur ia a wag," sha oriod. - " But ha shall have somothing eqaal to any- ; thing ho will find toOolonclPdohinr's oellare. . - ,Mytoithl Patlcedaloup, et vons verrcua pueiie. Sen matin, caporal. Que routea vout 1" ..With a bow to Madame, and: a; military sainto to me, tha old servitor, of whom I have . spoken as attending tha Colonel,, entered tho : , room, .and handed me a noto." Then ha - aoknowlcdged Mndsmo's offer by calUng for o glass, of brandy,, tut first touching tha rim et his glass as a gallant estate, ha . ' toseed off its contents ' with ovidont . eatistoo- . . tion./ Madame know her. customer, :and refilled his glees, at which tho ahadowof 0 omile rested for a momont on tho faco of tho 'old soldier, an ho . bowed bis aoknowiedgk- ment. " /: : Oolbsel Pdchcnr'a letter, briefly informed : 0 me that the Oorporsl wonld gnido mo to tho /' Ohstoan, where ha waited to reoaive too with/.'./ anxiety. ! And so, after paying my ecofa for' .treating .toy /good ! friende,': thb clowns, I-';' annonnocd that I was ready to sfart/ whareat : ; tho old soldier whipped off bis brandy, and, 1 : ..with another salute, led tha way,-, /;/// Wo passcd through, the ofic atrcdt of' the, villege, on eaoh Bide ol -which wmo /qualnt ,- old gabled houses tbat told of anotont times, : ' ; '.when ; armored imigUto' olattcred oyer, tha 'obblple BtebcB/andthcvilepeoploweroolad/,. ' in arceii ierkin. and leathern huff.ts; when J 'hnmatoty,tho.aams>aa -now/to 'itBbU,.wae'of::".;.;i : adifterent p'e; .aacme- tb:unnow,.Bdream',bf;chivalry;and.'/:,i; 'romanoc. ;,,Wo , pa8Bed on by the bld cbufoh '/":/ upwards, seemed to show too-, road to' '.the/: A: , otcrnal heme ; ' by! tbo bure'b rimple oottsge, -/ ::/ thegardentofront ot whiob/blosBomedwith,';:11; fbses,nnd'pconftslanddalfadilwhotopfibra..,l fiUcd (he olear -warm enmpter air ; th'onoa : bn,:'/ . j to ' ttto'-.'oonnfty road lined, op eitheif;otde by /-' M lowhedgea of sharp tliorncdiroace. .A ckkr: '/.''J nnd onltivatcd country lay to!thonght and /A tha tolty/nntil, prtoently, from. thO/riibbf/Bi/;;:1! small hRI, Ibeheld a wood, at tho' edgo/ol/'': '/ j whioh upraarod/white and gllatoniug.in the /./J morningsuu.thc obntaan'ofmy. new; friend,'//! Colonel Pbohsnr. , / J " Folia, Monaiourf aaid tho 1 Corporal, //!;, pototing'wlth Kto banc, t'ihore is the bbateaaQ/ji of::toy!:msriSr.;;'-'Weipftes,'!if'yon';,.ViU'lba'sa: . good, through' this little gate'., , -'TIS a'ShcrtoC;/;?;>!|: road than by. tho grand avenue. whlcb, less, Monaieor wUl bo enabled to viow i atter-), : . 1 j wards." - - Z ' 1 . ''j With ibess words, be opened a rustio.gafo,/:.;;; \- and standing aside; mode bis. tonal estate, as '. I passed ion lb tho little path whibb, mbtkecl.v; ; by a oourco of wild flowcrs bn/caoh Bido,; ; :/r, looked,: in advance, liko 'a'earpent; coiled; :.// 'throng tba' midet oi tho'bto'abmophion it/,//; crashod./Andnouthovorgcot.thowqoiwabv/i ! .reached ; the atatcly ' tros8; .frcoh : buddijig'' J/' forth their spring verdnro, aesmcd to kiM/ihe /- ; ; aldto ;- buds sang -with . joyous mmoay,;;bntt v , ;; a iniecto'bnszsd and ohirpod ami'lst tho grass -i, si'd wild flowers. I hail Veen nothing! like / rfdte&i;'be&ntoi; luxriLytririsfrigj . BO. He bowed and smiled fis though I lmd j UaidhitoaDorcotial comnliment. - . : (To be continued.) 1 ' " . . 