THE 3T08YTELUE8. Mrs Fitzjolmson's Elopement. The wedding went off beautifully. There were triumphant arches, rejoic ing tenantry, and school children ? scattering flowers. There was a choral service, a bishop fcolonial — on sick leave — step-grcat-uncle of the bridegroom), a~ rural dean (first cousin, onco removed of tho bride) and a ruralistic curate. An epithalamium composed by the schoolmaster, was sung, commencing : On this festive occasion, With roses and rico, Wo offer oblation, \- - To tho brido of his choice. (Pronounced ' choice' from exigency of rhyme.) The oldest inhabitant, in a clean sinook frock, dispensed blessings and imbibed beer with praiseworthy , prodigality. Everything that human ingenuity could devise or custom countenance, was douo to render the ' 'happy day,' momorablo for its dis comfort to the contracting parties. In ??-..' spite of this, the bride looked as charming as sweet seventeen can look when it tries its best, and considering that she, so to speak, stepped out of the school room into the church, carried herself with commendable self posaession. As for ths bridegroom, ho went through the ordeal like a soldier aud a man, aud looked, according to tho doctor's daughter, ? hoavonly.' 3STot. the least satisfied member of tlw wedding party was the 'bride's brother tJooy, ^fthq girls must loot, {flippy after husbands in those hard titnos ' I had beon that young man's remark a year boforo. Spurred on by parential inurmurings at otnpty farms and no ronts, Joey had suggested a reduction in- the homo establishment instead of his. substantial but inadequate allowance. Tho establishment did not quite see it, bub Joey was firm. The girls must marry, and ono of them, as all could- not, must marry Geoffrey FitB.Tohnson. Ho was in overy way oligiblo ; young, goodlook ing,- well off, in a snug borth at the War Office, and heir to several rich and sedate relations, unlikely to commit tho indiscretion, matrimonial and otherwise, of modern old age. So Captain KtzJohnson was asked down to . * Mumbleth'orpe, passed over five charming aspirants to his hand |and heart, and threw tbe handkerchief to the shock-hoadod young person who sent a pot of musk within an 'inch of Ilia devoted head, crauing out of the school-room window, on tho ovoning of his arrival, to catch a glimpso oi 'Joey's chum.' It was rather a blow to Joey,' his ' chum ' walking off with his favourite sister, but he bore it philosphically. Ho had always in tended to exercise a particular caro over Florrio's interests when she came out, and he was not prepared for the young lady going off so prematurely. -However, the Fitz Johnsons would live in London, and as Joey was at the foreign Offico and in rooms in Bury Street, ho could still keep an eye on his s'stor and see that sho held her own in the ' smart set ' of which her husband was so popular a mombor. Joey was ton years older than Morrie, and had the majostic carriago aud law giving proclivities of a man about town. He was what is known as ' a great institution,' which means that ho was . invaluable in a snow-bound country house. He could toll first rate and first-hand ghost stories, and could pass tho severest examination in Debrett. Ho was a pillar of strength in private theatricals,, and could imitato tho divine Sarali to tho life. He know all the latest gossip and could toll it without seeming ill natured. In short, Joey was that rara aeis, a social success. A happier couple than tho ]?itz John sous when thoy first came to Curzon street could not be imagined. It was only when Captain Eilz Johnson settled down in his new house and his old set that ho made tho gratifying discovery that ho had won his wife's heart as well as her hand. During the court ship and honeymoon tho disposition of that important factor in matrimonial happiness had been doubtful. I'lorrio teased, dialled and commanded her husband_jn a way that to such a con quering horo was both novel and pro voking. Captain Eitz Johnson had, how ever, learned strategy elsewhere than at Woolwich. Tho morning after the arrival in London the wify young man loft his, wife in hor boudoir — tho latestthiug in boudoirs, executed under Joey's supervision — wondering dis mally how she should kill tho timn until 8 o'clock in the evening, when she was told sho might look forward to seeing her lord aud master again. It was something more than to fetch a forgotten cigarette case that made Captain PitzJohnson retrace his steps on arriving at the foot of the stairs. His instinct had not deceived him. The fortress had capitulated. ' I love you so, Geoffrey,' sobbed the poor little wife with her head on her husband's shoulder ; and Geoffroy as he strolled down the Btreot, having promised to be back by luncheon time, hummed 'Rule, Britannia' in triumph ant sollo vocc. The victory won, the victor, as ho had a perfect right to do, rested upon his laurels ; but he need not have given up so suddenly the reverential worship of the lover and assumed so instantly the condescend ing tolerance of the husband. It was unkind of him when he cauw home just in time to dress for dinner, after having been in tho club all the after noon, to plunge into that horrid French novel with a satisfied gruut, and barely vouchsafe his wifo a word. It was downright rude of him when sho leaned over his chairaucl stroked hishair to snarl out savagoly, 'For Heaven's sake, I'lorrio, don't paw mo about like that. I don't liko it ;' and it was positively brutal, after troatiug her in such a way, to scold her all dinner time for being depressed. But so it was. Tho Pitz.Johnsou family ? ark, protty little vessel as it was, with ? its fresh paiut and dainty furniture, had drifted into tho current which, sooner or lator, must land it upon tho rocks. Geoffrey, blinded by solfish vanity, became bored with his wife's woll meant but ineffectual offorts to please hor 'much-changed lord.' , Her lavish affection, varied only. by. ill-concealed and sometimes tearful despondency, irritated him and made him more bearish than over. It was the old story. Tilings went from bad to worso. At last tho first cruol rock loomed in tho distanco and shipwreck seemed imminent. Lady Angolica Lansdell was, so Bhe said, a very old friend of Geoffrey. 'I know him when he was quite a boy — such a nice boy,' sho told Morrie tho af lernoon sho paid her first call in Curzon street. Sho was a wonderful and Ouida-ish porson agc, of tho Cleopatra typo of beauty, lithe and serpentine,- with a voico that could coo liko a dove or hiss like a ser pent at will. Sho used a poculiar kind of scent that hung about tho room long after she had left it. Sho was mysteriously fascinating, and Elorrie dotested her. l This was a great grievance to Geoffrey, who was blind to the pearl powder ahd impervious to the scent. 'Angelica' (he called her Anglica) was a charming wotna*n — a most valuablo friend.' Was it not common knowledge that Cabinet Ministers met as often in her rose-lit drawing-room as at Downing street — thn,t Bh,Q had n. fmgqp JR QYQry (UpIq matic pie — that her statesmanship had brought about a Royal marriage and averted a European war 1 Even Jooy admitted that she was an unavoidable necessity. Her smile or frown could make or mar a man. If the Fifz Johnsons ever hoped to be anything they must cultivate Angelica. So Florrie had to submit ; but not even tho husband sho adorod could maka her more than decently civil to the onchantress with the cruel smile, who called Geoffrey 'Geoff,1 and who was always sending him mysterious little notes about goodness only knew what, for Florrie was nevor told their con tents. 'The silly littlo fool is jealous,' laughed her ladyship to herself as the sat in the corner aloof from tha mad dening crowd of the Foreign Office crush, pretending to listen to Geoffrey's earnest, conversation, and watching with interested amusement, his wifp trying to keep an eyo on her husband, and' at the same time, re spond coherently to tho civilities of a voiublo -attache. ' I'll teach her a lesson,' muttered the siren, with an augry glittor in. his dusky eyes, as, for the twolfth time, a pale distressed faco, with appealing eyes, was turned toward the oblivious husbaud. Accordingly when, for the thirteenth time, tho melancholy op eration was repeated, the distress on the pale face gave place to horror, aud the eyes wero fixed and blank as they saw Lady Angolica, with her most entracing smile, place hor hand, for a moment, caressingly on Geoffrey's arm ; ouly for a moment, because it was instantly grasped by both of his. # * ' * * # # # 'My dear old girl. What is tho matter ? Aro you seedy ? exclaimed Josy_, as ho plunged through the crowd to his sistor's side. '.Como to-morrow, as soon as Geoffrey has gone. 1 want to talk to you,' whispered Elorrio brokenly, as her brother deposited hor safely at hex own door. * * * # # # # Nctt morniug, brother and siBter had a long confabulation, during which Jooy tugged hard at his phan torn mustacho, aud Elorrio wiped her oyes very often. The result scorned hardly satisfactory, for Joey departed remarking that it was tho 'very douce,' and Florrie sab looking into the fire until it went ' out in self-defense. However, at dinner that evening there was a marked improvement in Mrs Eitz.Tohnson's spirits ; indeed, so hilariously cheerful did sho bocomo by dessert the Geoffrey, acclimatized to a dead level of depression, folt inclined to resent the rise in tho domes tic barometer. The riso was a steady one. Noxt morniug, when tho slave ought to have been in close attondanco on her master, cut ting tho ond off his cigar, filling his match-box and meekly receiving tho orders for tho day, sho was playing a polka on the piano, and actually for got to wish the great man good-bye. On and off during tho day Geoffrey found himself pondering on tho alter ation in his wife. It was, of course, a bore to have her following him about liko a whipped dog ; but after all that was a fault on the right side, and showed that aha appreciated her posi tion as his wife. It was a sign of proper, if excessive, subjection ; but to sit playing a polka when the hat brush was mislaid was an unheard-of dereliction of duty. Geoffrey returned homo exactly half an hour earlier to administer a carefully prepared lec ture to the culprit, only to find that sho had gone to the Gaiety with Joey. The solitary dinner with no ono to scold was a dismal experience, -ind Geoffrey felt distinctly aggrieved. Next day things were no better. Elorrie was in tearing spirits, received the deferred lecture with ribald laugh ter, dismissed his theories of wifely duty as 'bosh,' and had tho audacity to refer him to Lady Angelica, who, 'no doubt, was an authority on that subject as well as any othor.' Geof frey was very moody all that day. The men at the club votod him slow, and Lady Angelica called him a bore to his face. It was very annoying but ho was obliged to admit to him self that his triumph over the subjug ation of his wife bad beon a little premature. The process must be continued, and ono great olement in its final succoss was, ho told himself with secret glee, tho fact that, unless she had suddenly and unaccountably altered, she loved him to distrac tion. As that evening ho walked up Curzon-strcot, it was this thought that made him preparod to be very gracious and as lonient as he consist ently could be toward any little excess of youtuful spirits. A sharp struggle with the latch- key was cut short by the butler opening the door to-' lot a visitor out. The occurence so late in the afternoon was strange, and the appearance of the visitor bo singular that Geoffrey stared at tho apparition in unfeigned surprise. His (for tho visitor was a man) face was partially concealed by' a slouch hat. What there waB to be seen appeared to be of an olivo liuo and adorned with a sweeping, black mustache. Inky locks hung in profusion . down almost to his shoulders, and tho rest of tho body was concealed in a cloak that would have made tho fortuno of any melodrama. On the stngo Mrs. Eitz Johnson's visitor would havo boen in his element. In Curzon street ho apparently was not ; for, with an oath — or at least some foreign exclamation that Bounded»to Geoffrey rather liko ' pickled onions ' — ho gave a swift glance at tho astonished Captain, ran down the steps, and disappeared into tho gathering gloom. ' Who tho dickons is that Squares ?' ' Tho gontlemau did not give his name, sir. He said as how Mr EitzJohnson would know who he was, ana I aeod apt an,n,Qu,n,c,a, him,,1 Squares spoke in a tone of respectful indignation at this outrage on ths convenances. Geoffrey kept his pres ence of mind. ' Oh, of course. I had forgotten. What time did the gentleman come?' (This a3 an after-thought while ascending the stairs.) ' At half-past four, sir.' Half past four 1 And it was now half past seven. t 'Did any ono else' ? call this af tor noon ?' 'Yos, sir ; but after tho gentleman came Mrs Fitzjohnson told mo to say 'Not at homo' to any other yisitors.' *' Geoffrey did not wait to hear any more, but dashed into .the drawing room. He half expected to find his wife the victim of an assassin's knife. On the contrary she was at that sternal piano, playing a dreamy sonata of Rubinstein's. On his entering tho room she half rose, but on seoing who it was she resumed her seat, exclaiming, !Oh, it's only you !' 'Whom did you think it was \ That 'Gruy Eawkos' back again ? 'Who, may I ask, ' is ho, and what was ho liere from half-past four till now for, to tho exclusion of everybody else ?' Gfooffrey was gradually working iiimsolf up into a passion. Florrie made no attempt to calm him, but 3iniled faintly and struck a few aggravating c'lords on the piano. 'If you really care to know, .that 'Guy Eawkes,' as you are pleased to sail him, is Count Sparlatti, an old Dresden friend or Joey's, lie is an I- Mian, and when Jooy came back from Dresden the Count came with him to learn English, He was always at Mumblethorpe. Ah . mo 1 [another plaintive chord] what happy days t lose were. Aid what fun we had ! The Count was my sweotheart then.' 'Why, you were' only nine years old V 'That's all' (another still more plaintive chord). 'Don't he a fool, Florrio.' Tho pission had died out and tho lecturing rcood taken its placo. 'You are nineteen now, and quite old enough to know that it is . not proper to have men staying threa hours tete-a-tcto with you, aud to tell tho servants you aro at homo to no one else. Do you understand V 'No I don't ;' tho blue eyes opened their widest. 'I thought it was the 'chic' thing to do. Of course at Mum blethorpo they would bo awfully shocked, but then they are so old fashioned. They even havo family prayers. But since I have been married I have 'gained experience. I havo seen several ?charming women.1 Lady Angelica, for instance. Could you wish me to take a bettor model ? Hence, if any one notices my friend ship with Count Sparlatti, you can tell them that I know him when ho was 'quite a boy — such a nice boy.' I may soon become so 'charming' that I can make love in public — smile in the 'nice boy's' face, put my arm on his arm for him to clasp in his. Only this sort of thing requires practice, so you mnst not think it strange if I have a few privato rehearsals when I am 'not at home' to tho world at largo.' 'How dare you speaklike this ?' 'Oh, you don't know how much I dare when I am put to it.' But tho defiant little laugh ended in a sob and the dauntless novice ran out of tho room. Geoffrey gnawed his mustache, fumed about the room, resisted, as un manly, an impulse to run after his wife, kiss away her tears, and implore her to- only be charming on tho old Mum blethorpe- lines, and finally decided to confide his troubles that very ovoning to Lady Angolica. From that fair oraclo he received but very cold comfort. 'My dear Geoff, it serves you well right. You thought besause she had given you all her heart you were warranted in neglecting her. So like a man. Mr. Lansdell was just the samo. Now she is consoling her self. Quite right. I had no idea she had so much sense. I admiro her. Do you think she would dine with me on the fifteenth ? By tho by, if the necessity should arise, let me- recom mend you to my Bolicit }rs. Thoy man aged Mr. Lansdoll's and my affair beautifully. My husband's inessagas soufid almoat affectionate when they como to mo through the senior partner.' Heavens ! Had it really come to this ? Not married a year, and solicitors on ,tho tapis already! Lady Angelica gavo a stealthy glance under her oyelashcs at hor downcast companion. She had a heart, though no ono suspected it. 'Look horo Geoff. Be a man. * Go home and tell your wife that you moan to turn over a- now leaf, and not take all her devotion ns granted, but try and earn it. Clear up tho mystery of pur 'nods and becks and wreathed smiles.' Explain to her that tho ten der little episode at the Foreign Offico was only gratitude on your part for my having promised to speak to the Duke about that staff appointment with which you wanted to surprise her, and fun on mine to make her jealous and see what stuff she was made of. Toll hor I havo repented in sackcloth and ashes and have sent you back to her with a flea in your oar, and the staff appointment in your pocket. Tell her that sho is better off than I. If her husband has neglected hor, he still loves hor, while I—.' ' God bless you, Angelica.' ' Don't be silly. Now bo off. Alia Comto ! Enchanlo de voits vior. N'avcznous 2-'s enteiulu des nouvcUcs?' Goeffrey walked home under tho stars, a happy man. Ho had beon a brute and a fool, ho told himself sevorely. It was lucky things wore no worse. After all, if winning his wife's heart tho second time was half as pleasant a procoss as the first, tho penance for past neglccfj was a light one. It was striking 12 as he lot himself into the dark hall. Tho dark Hesia W«S vmujual j for Slaves, abvayu loft tho gas burning for his mastor to put out. His match-box was empty, but there might bo a stray light in the pocket t)f his Inverness. To the solemn ticking of the haU clock the search commenced. It ended pre maturely in the sudden opening of the drawing room door and the flooding of tho landing at tho top of the stairs with light. Some one was still up. Might it not be Florrie waiting for him ? Geoffrey walked quickly to tho foot of the Btairs and stood on -the lowest step, as if tumod to stono. It was Ji'lorrie — and somo one else — ongaged in rapid, breathless conversation. 'Delay no longer — anima mia. He may De back' at any moinont.' ? 'Oh, Luigi ! I dare not. IE wo should meet him, he would kill you. 'Vi'eiii Wicni !' Geoffrey steadied himself by the bannister and waited. Then, shown up by tho surrounding darkness as a tableau vivaut, there appeared on the landing his wifo, hooded and cloaked, looking fearfully out into tho dark abyss boforo hor and cling ing exclusively to tho arm of the Italian— Count Sparlatti. Thero was a yell, a shriek, and an oath as Geoffrey bounded up the stairs and seized the intruder by tho cloak, just as he en deavoured to retreat into tho drawing room. The yell was a broken English rendering of ' Hero's a go.' Tho shriek found expression in ' Luigi ! Luigi !' and the oath was — well, never mind what. The chase and strugglo was desperate. The Count, who had left his cloak in his .assailant's hand, cleared ottomans and chairs with astoundingagility. Mra Eit- Johnson's heroics had degenerated into hysterics, to judge from the peals of laughter with which she greeted tho Count's desperate efforts to escape. At last ho was cornered, hissing and scratch ing liko an enraged tomcat. 'Oh, Geoffrey,, be careful. His beautiful hair !' for the infuriated husband had hold of a handful oE the Italian's mat ted locks. Tho warning came' too late. There was a tug, a groan, and lo and behold, not only a handful, but a whole head of raven trosses remained in tho victors grasp. The flowing moustacho came next. ' A very good joke, Jooy, my boy,' gasped Geoffrey faintly. ' Oh, Joey, water — brandy ! lie is not well. We carried it too far. I told you we ought not to do it. Its all your fault,' scolded Elorrio with all a woman's treachery, and hor arms rouud her still dazed husbaud's neck, and culling him all the names of the honeymoon. 'I think my plan was a success, though,' said Joey, as ho wished his sister good night under the relit gas. ' I think it was,' snid Elorrie with a happy laugh, ' but no one must over know about it.' And no ever did except one person ; but then she knew everything. ' That's a very clever boy, Joey,' mused Lady Angelica, over her morn ing cigarette, .'laaust soo vrlnti/o«-i lw. done for him.' — Belgmvia, 