P'ULIeBRD DAILY SATURDAY, APRIL 10; 1886. Arrest more than a quarter of a con :tury:of practical experience our mining industries are in a transition, state, and possess neither the confidence of the public nor of,the Government. For its size Tasmania is wonderfully rich in mineral wealth, yet what has beon done to develop it More surface scratching. .The history of mining in Tasmania is a repetition of periods of excitement and speculation, succeeded by seasons of panic and depression. Few of the many com. panies floated have ever paid a dividend; a large number of claims have been aban doned before they were fairly tested, and some that have paid dividends became defunct as soon as indications ceased to be promising, for lack of conti dence to test whether the apparent failure arose from permanent or merely temporary causes. If success be not achieved at the outset, the majority of our mining ventures are allowed to col lapse, simply from want of confidence in the permanent character of our s mineral deposits. The history of mining in Tasmania, however finds a paral lel in other. colonies, where simi lar periods of excitement and depres siou, of blind belief acd svwooping con demnation have been experienced. There was a period in Victoria when the few who believed that gold bearing reefs "lived down" to unknown depths were scouted, and science and practical experi once joined in " proving" that payable gold could not be found below a few hundred foot. Now that payable quartz has been mined 2000 foot below the sur face those who once refused. to believe la deep mining are ready to go to the other extreme and assert that payable quartz reefs may continue to the contre of the earth for aught human knowledge can say to the contrary. In Tasmania we have not proved one single reef yet to a depth of 1000 foot, but this problem is, we trust, shortly to be solved on the Lefroy goldfield, and a few facts and figures may be of interest to those who prevented the test being made nearly three years ago. In August, 1883, Mr. Adye Douglas moved ini the Assembly that a sum of £1500 be placed on the estimates as a bonus to any gold mining company sinking a shaft to a depth of 1000ft. and driving for gold, such saem to be repaid out of the first earnings of the company, after payment of working expenses. The motion was promptly opposed by Ministers, who termed such a vote a direct subsidy to the New Native Youth Com pany, as the only company in the colony in a position to claim it, and come unjust remarks were made about the share. holders of that Company who had re. ceiye.4 such largo pums in diyrdends frqm the mine, now indirectly asking Parlia. bi mont for assistance to carry on operations. c1 Tile motion of Mr. Douglas in 1883 was s1 lost by twelve to ten votes, but in 1885 ai PMinisters had altered their tone, and al themselves proposed that £5000 be G offered as a bonus to any person or com- ti pany sinking and testing a quartz reef to a tl depth of 1000ft., and without any stipu- n lation. as to re-paymen.' The. New C Native Youth Campany, which, three i years ago would, as asserted, have taken 1 advantage of the £1500 as a loan, is now f practically defunct, and not in a - position to avail itself -of the aid now offered as a free I gift. The Native Youth roof was 1 found and named about 1871 by a cor. porativeo party of six working miners,who, when the water became too heavy, allowed W. W. White to float a company, which paid £650 in one dividend, and col- I lapsed in 1874. Mr. S. Richards, be lii?ying in'the mines,, took it up, and in 1875 floated a small company called the New Native Youth, with 3250 shares, and, taking the position of mining mana .ger, set to work vigorously to develop the claim. The stone improved to a cer tain depth (400ft.), the yields ranging from Odwt. to 2osz. to the ton, and in 1870£20,881 5S was paid in dividends, in 1877 £9000 5s, and then the stone beo came poorer, and finally unprofitable, down to the lowest level yet reached 800ft. A reserve fund of nearly £3000 was spent on the mine, as well as all gold raised, and in July, 1879, the nominal capital was increased to £0500, but no dividends followed, and in July, 1881, it was again increased to £25,000, a few of the old shareholders taking the largest interest. At the 600ft. level the reef was found to be broken up and poor, and the intention when largely increasing the capital was to sink to a depth of 1000ft. At 800ft., however, the indications of having again reached a gold-bearing belt of country were so encouraging that sink ing was suspended, and the balance of the capital expended in drives at that \- level. The roof was found to be about rf 3ft. wide, but not payable, small crushings yielding only 2dwts. and 3dwts. a to the ton, but the gold was " making," ar and at the point last reached it was believed the atone would average 4dwts. to the ton, and that they were on the confines of another belt of rich stone 41 similar to that worked in the upper levels. Every shilling of capital avail , able was called up, end when that was exhausted last year the Company came of to a stand-still in a period of mining de In pressiou, when the public had lost con fidenco in the most promising ventures. \- During the nine years and a half that the niew Native Youth was a "live" company al it added to its originial 10-acre section at the leases of three defunct mining Com of panies adjoining, and raised gold to the d total value of £94,4016 O9d, the oxpondi ture on the mine being '£80,821 12s Sd, mn iade up as follow : £ ed d Wages 45.413 5 8 Stores and materials . ... - 23,728 8 7 rt Plant . 17,679;18 2 Total .... . .. .80,821 12: 5 The expenditure has boon mot as fol to lows :- to li- a. £ d o. Cash, capital accouiit . ... 20,147 15 8 or Gold from miss ... ... 80,67816 9 . Total' .., .; . 80,821.12 5 The difference between valie of gold raised and the, amounat.expended on 'l working account is represented, by '£27,787 10s paid in' dividends, and the difference between nominal capital and cash expended is represented by partIally paid.up shares retained by former owners at each enilargement of capital and ui-. paid calls, though on the whole the calls woere very fairly met. It will thus be' soen that had the whole of the capital actually expended belonged to original n- shareholders a. profit after repayment of ig capital of only £7000 was obtained in divi ed dends in nine and a half years, and had: is this £20,000 capital been placed on bank to deposit at five per cent. it would at in simple interest have roturned £1000 a to year without risk or anxiety, so that the g. speculation was not so fortunate a a venture after all. But without entering id into the moot question of how many of ic the constantly changing list of share n. holders were receivers of dividends and 1; how many merely payers of calls, let us n- look at the broader question of what' this ed one mine did for the colony. Speaking is roundly, in ten years it 'increased the as wealth of the .colony by 'close on £- £100,000; for ten years it paid £4500 ot annually in wages, olroulated £2000 a ly year amongst tradesmaon and benefited at engineers and machinists to the extent of of £150S a year. :13But this is nothing to 1- what:a neighbouring claim,, the Now in Chum, 'did in five years. Started at the al end of 1870, it had by the end of 1884 sg added £108,470 to the wealth of L- the onlony in gold raised, £58,250 ci- of this being paid in dividends, s- while the West New Chum. during the 1- same period was not far behindhand. The re directors of the New Chum Company, w however, were not prudent, andwwhen the fe golden belt of stone ran out had no io proper reserve fund for further prospect i- ing.o Shares fell from £6 and £7 to as lo many pence, theoconfidence of the share .w holders evaporated, and a mine only I tesated to a depth of 400ft. was allowed to r- collapse. The lease of the mine, sith a eo plant that cost £6000, was bought by tie so MIessrs. Tregurtha, two of the original slo shareholders, for £2000 cash, and they re hav-dsince spent a few hundreds upon it, go but are now in want of capital. They is are idesirous of availing themselves of the to Government subsidy for deep-sinking, 0, and the terms on which they have offered ee the public a share in the property present ad a great contrast to the way mining eo ventures have booeen offered in the past. ly They only ask paid-up shlares to the nominal valueo.of the cash they have put e into the venture, and thle whole proceeds a from contributing shares go towards ee further development of the mine, supple sy monted by Government aid. They have d eshown their booncfides, and stand to lose Id heavily in case of failure, while they y, cannot win without all other sharg Le holders participating equally. A some by what similar idea Is contemplated ct with regard to the New Native n- Youth. The capital has all been ny called up; the shareholders as a body st cannot be induced to incur further a. liability. Those who still have faith c. (and cash) are going to have one more en try. The leases and valuable plant will be offered for sale on Monday and pur chased on behalf of a syndicate which any an shareholder may join prior to the sale, an thil and probably for a short time afterwards, TI and with the new capital raised and the ths Government grant, an effort will be usade M' to to sink another 200ft. and test the reef at hi the 1000ft. level. But before the Govern. fo sent grant can be obtained, or the Company's application even recommended two some hbudreds of pounds must be spent th The 812ft. ebaft and the thousands of of feet of levels and drives are full of water, li which is gently running away from the re mnuths of the shaft, and the mine must be 1 pumped dry for inspection by the 1 Inspector of Mines, upon whose reccom- pi menndation alone will the subsidy be g granted. This will mean a delay of three m months, and an expenditure of close on ai £400, there only being one pumping on. 0: gins on the mine, to unwater the mine, w effect repairs, etc. A few years ago al Lefroy had a population of 1200 souls ri to-day it has not 400, and had Ministers understood and appreciated the value to v the colony of our mining industries in v 1883 as they have been forced to do since b the collapse of this and other mining centres might have been prevented. , Quo Sum-LEcEcNT to- day contains :- b I Evandale - Circular Head - Brothers' ca Home-Taukerville- Scottsdale-Beacons- o field-George's tlay-Ellesmere-Moorina I1 b -Atrocities in Anam-A Lawyer's Letter 81 \- -Echoes of Melbourne-Stephen Allen's fi Maxims-Pigeon HominglNotes-Cricket- b -Football-The Afghan Boundary Com- o mission-Agricultural Notes-Correspon- c dence ; Poetry Run Mad; Road Trusts t E and their duties ; Mr. Reibey and the U Farmers; Grammar; Mr. Reibey and the it l'Future; A Denial ; The lion. Thos. he If Reibey at Hagley-Advertisements. 11 t MINISTERIAL. - The leon. Attorney- a General returned to Hobart by express t train yesterday afternoon. During the t e morning he again visited the Gaol, and g ° dealt with several departmental matters re- II lative to the public oflices under his con- s trol. The hon. Treasurer returned from t f Formby by 0640 train last evening. On his a t arrival at Formby on Thursday, access- v panied by Messrs. F. Back, manager, and a L. Dowling, assistant engineer of Govern- u f meent Railways, he was waited on by at t deputation, including the local Marine Board, with the view of selecting sites for a a Custom House and bonded store at u 1I Formby. The matter was carefully o enquired into, and after discussion it was t ~ decided to convert the present corrugated s iron goods shed adjoining the railway t . station site into a Queen's warehouse, with n bonded store added thereto with necessary e offices, the present Custom House at Tor- t quay being closed, whilst a now goods ° shed will be built for the railway. It was r decided that the Mersey Marine Board should formulate a definite scheme for wharves, and forwarditto the Government t a for consideration. Mr. Back had a plan of .o the proposed wharves and shed, which were t discussed freely, but were not quite oatis factory. Our Torquay correspondent wired i last evening forwarding similar informa s. tion,and adds:-"Teo want of wharf accoue 5 modation is seriously impeding the traffic at Formby. The Government should lose no y time in seeing to an extensioei of the n present wharf, for which work £1500 was 1- voted not long ago. Confusion exists there already, and this will increase as the .0 season advances. Our Formby corres f- pondent also sends similar information, a, snd adds,-"The Minister viewed thes general faulty arrangement at the shipping wharf, and representations were made of d the injury done to revenue arising from the want of a bonded store. So many 2 official visits have been paid to Formby, and the subject has been so examined, that 5 a faint hope arises that something may 1- now be done to remedy the block." We understand the Minister of Lands leaves on a visit to Victoria nextweek. d . Tee INwAni ENGLISH MAILs.-From - 8 the local Telegraph-office we learn that the I R.M.S. Kaiser-i-Hind, with the inward t English mails via Brindisi, up to the lth ult., arrived at Adelaide at 11.10 a.m. yes Id terday. She should reach Melbourne to morrow, in which case the Tasmanian por tion of the mails should arrive here on I' Tuesday next in the s.e Mangana. 5 TuAIo Moses.-By the up express to d Hobart yesterday, the Acting-Chief Justice the lion. W. R. Giblin, the leon. lJyS. Dodds, Attorney-General, and Mr. E re Georgo Browne, Judge's Associate, were 1 a-. passengers for the capital. By the same ls train the Revs. U. Coombes, J. W. Sim mons, D. B. Tinning, and Geo. Clarke ; )e Messrs. R, H. Andrews, J. E. Saloer, J. al Dean, and J. Withrington, southern mes al bers of the Congregational Union, wliils f has just concluded its labours, proceeded ° south. i- TEe BAND CONTEST,-The secretary to d the City Band received by the Melbourne steamer yesterday a letter from Mr. J. k Northcott, of Nortlhctt's Military Band, I at dated Sandhurst, April 7, in which the I a following proposals for a competition are - submitted. 1. To compete in Melbourne I ie for £125 a-side, all gate money to go to I a charities. 2. To compete in Sandhurst for eg £50 a-side, each band paying its own ex penses, and the City Band to pay all con of test expenses in return for freedom to I o- undertake any speculation they may think id fit. 3. To compete in Melbourne provided the City Band deposit £150 (tie stake to 15 be £100, and £50 to be paid to Northcott's is Band as part expenses), and the City Band eg to take all responsibility of contest expen diture, and do as they like with gate or exhibition money. These proposals have n not been laid before the members of ties( 10 City Band, but it may be pretty eafely I a predicted their verdict wvill be-" Not good enough." d POsLsunsee Letru-ceins.-Theo repeti- i et tion of "The Piratog of Peneanco" drear a o well-filled House at thse Aendemy last evenseg, and theose present Iseartily en w jayed the efforts of thsis sindoubtedly I se clever troupe. Perheaps the ehief feature 14 of the company is the hearty manner in C ofwhieeh thsey therow themselves into theoir I work. Indeed thse youngsters appear to hO enjoy the fun of the performance fushy as I gmuch as thes audience, Miss Marion Norman again obtained an enthusiastic meencore for her rendition of " The Old is Flag," and received numerous bouquets Sfrom all parts of ties house, and Hiss ',Vl- I lace was equally successful in "Hasle eBritannis." Misses Hand Pollard and B. 0 'Stewvart were in exceollent voice, and t. secured well-deserved applause. The esother chearacters wore also favourably re ceived. To-nighet the " Princess of Tee e- bizonde" will ho staged by special re ly quest. toTHE EeASTRa E'ecAMPMoENT- We regret to learn present appearances indicate that a the approaching volunteer eneampment is will not be ss successful as that of last year al owing to thse uensettlement of thee various volunteer corps, by tiec passage of the nosy1 uy defence regulations. Ties northeern corps I, are not so strong as they were 12 months ey ago, and ties southern eorps ore in the same condition. The Hobart Reserves, es about the best corps in thee south excupting g, ties Engineers whielh are a paid body,heave, id generaliy speaking, deelinod to go into at camp for tbs very good reason thent thee( aGovernment-whsich promised this corps so eg lavishly when it was formed dsring the it. Russian scare-leave issued to them second- 1 toleand great- coats, called in from meen wheo leave left the other corps. ThseRceerveswheen at asked on parade on Wednesday-" All de those who intend to go into camp take two Is paces to tho front," only 10 men 1 out of a fsll parade responded, e" and these afterwards stated theit " they ee would not go isto camp if thsey lead to do as s in east-off clothing." Our Hobart correspondent wired last evening : By" issatisfaction is felt by a number of Q- members of the Hesprvo force at thee an ~. nouncement made b'y Col. Bernard at edparade last night thest they will be espplied withe thee seco~nd-hond overcoste returned ve by men wiuo have left ether corps." an TEwNDE ACcesPTDn-FiVe tenders for ly the uupply of a quantity of corrugated iron, water epoustieg, etc., to be used in 55r connectisn with buildings at the Loon. tih ceston L. and WE.. Railway Station, have rebeen received, and that sf fdeeers. Hinman 1 and Wright being the lowest has been il accepted. CoNCERT.-There was a very fair attend ance at the Mechanics' Institute last night, s and a very excellent programme was gone I through by the pupils of Mr. W. W. Thornthwaite, in a manner which reflects r the highest credit on their musical tutor. E Mr. Thornthwaite has only been here some I two years, but during that time he has by r his ability as a professor of music earned 1 for himself a leading position in musical i circles, and it is therefore needless to say I that thlerelections rendered by his pupils I were dealt with in a manner which showed that their training had been well looked I after. This was observable in the piano forte solos. "Polonaise" in A flat, " Moon light Sonata," and "Il Trovatore," rendered respectively by Misses M. Hutchinson, Longford; Leupolt, Long ford; and Rock, Deloraine. The first two pieces were somewhat trying to so young performers, nevertheless, the execution was good, and would have been creditable to more experienced musicians. The duct of " Fairy Ward" was sung by Miss Herbert and Mr. Thornthwaite in such excellent style that they were re warded with loud and continued applause. The two voices blended harmoniously, and although a slight nervousness was appa rent at first in Miss Herbert's vocalisation, this passed off, and her melodious and fine voice sounded very sweetly. Miss Herbert was never, however, heard to greater ad vantage than in the pathetic song, "Good by for ever," her sympathetic voice accorded admirably with the theme, and at the conclusion such applause followed.that mest have shown the singer how much she was appreciated. In response to the encore Miss Herbert sang the last verse, at tie conclusion of which she again met with an ovation. Miss M. Macdonald was in excel lent voice and rendered "O Paradise,"in a finished and cultured manner. " The Bull fighter's song " from " Carmen," was sung by Mr. Thornthwaite in his usual careful manner, his rich voice being well under command. Loud applause greeted him at the close. Mr. A. J. Scott was encored for his capital rendering of "The Beacon," swhile in "lThe Message from the King" lee was heard to great advantage. Mr. Scott possesses a voice of much power, added to which there is a pleasing atten tion to those details which are so essential to the successful vocal student, a still I greater attention to controlling and regu lating the voice occasionally seems neces \- sary. Mr. G. Cragg sang "TThe Maid of c the Mill" pleasingly, although his voice was somewhat slender. Vocal selections \- were rendered by Miss Gregory (Deloraine) I and Miss Gibbs (Longford) in a creditable \- manner. Mendelssohn's beautiful quar r tette "In the Woods" was hardly done justice to by the Misses Gregory, Gibbs, and Messrs. Cragg and Scott, this perhaps t may be partly accounted for from the want P of practice together. Taken as a whole, the concert was an undoubted success, and 1 shows what can be accomplished in a short 7 time by such an efficient musical teacher as Mr. W. W. Thornthwaite. RHLIsoues.-In St. Andrew's Church to-morrow, the Rev. J. Harrison, of Geelong preaches, both morning and evening.-In Chalmers Church the Rev. J. Beattie preaches both at morning and evening r service.-United auniversary and harvest thanksgiving services will be held in St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Evandalo, to-morrow, both at morning and evening service, and special collections will be taken up on behalf of the church funds. The Rev. A. Bird will preach in the t Tabernacle in the morning, and Rev. J. A. Soper intthe evening. L LauNcEsTON Ouroeus CO 'PANs.-Ws s understand that the applications re ceived for shares in the Laun ceston Omnibus and Tramway Com pany, now exceed the number required. The share list will, however, be kept open e until Monday afternoon, as the allotment will only be made at the meeting of pro. visional directors on that day, and even a though the applications exceed the number of shares, no small shareholder willbe shut out, as it is desired to make the basis of the company as widespread as possible. While the 5130 p.m. 'bus for e Invermay was passing along St. John- street yesterday, a tire on one of the wheels broke, disabling the vehicle. Mr. a James Hamilton, secretary to the Omnibus Company, witnessed the mishap, and secuer ing a car forwarded the 'bus passengers to ls tneir destinations. REcrEvnD.-WI0 leave received a copy of the nese edition of the Fen Doctor, which \- it is needless to say contains hours of a merriment, and it would indeed be a dull heart that the 140 pages of jokes and short o series contained therein would not make umerry. The Fan Doctor has now reached its third edition, 20,000 copies having been sold within eight months. It is published a by Mr. E. W. Cole, of Melbourne, and certainly is the best book of humour yet i compiled in the colonies. The Melbourne PePunch for April is also to hand, the two 1, most prominent cuts being on the much e vexed New Hebrides question and Eng. Is land's invasion by Australians. The first d shows John Bull sitting up in bed, massive and angry, whilst numerous kangaroos, e with bats, etc., are heopping over him e " waking him up," on which he exclaims, r. " Confound it, the little wretches are 1, hopping all over me." The second is "A o plague of frogs"-the French invasion of e Australia. Young Victoria, pretty but e frightened, stands on tiptoe on a chair o gathering her skirts away from contact r with an innumerable hcost of frogs, with French caps on their hreads and armed . with daggers, pistols, knives, etc., coming O from the far-distant New Hebrides. The k present issue is a very readable number, d The Queensland Mercantile Gazette for o April has also been received, containing the 9 usual amount of business information, d From the local agents, Messrs. Herkham and Banks,the Masonic Joursrh (Melbourne) r for April, is to hand, and contains the e usual assortment of news of interest to the ~ craft, and an unusually lengthy letter Sfrom the Tasmanian correspondent, 't Ganulsosn Sronns,-A Committee meet ing of the Garrison Sports Club was held -in ties Volunteer Buildings last evening, a when thsere was a good attendance, Captain ;t Heent occupying the chsair, Correspondence \- wees read from Mr. F, C. Hobkirk, score y tory of tho leaunceston Cricket Club, agranting thee use of the Launceston a Cricket Ground to thse Sports Committee rfor thse 24th May, on selich day tihe sports o will be heeld, 1-rem tihe patrons and vice a patrons seho were elected at the last 2meeting, signifying their intentien of c accepting theo positions named, A pro I gramme for tihe coming meeting seas aprepared, and it was decided to invite -tenders for publishing ties same. The emeeting thsen termenated, e-'Ths entries for the Ross fly closed at the Enfield Motel last evening, whsen thse fellowing were received s-F, Crosby's Bob Cooper and Selbys T. Williams's Pilot and First Prince; W, H, WVest'e Telegraphs -t 3. Matthews's W~euterne Aif sed Coningeby's Sunshine, Sunny Days, and Grace Darlings Wallace and Bacon's Mozart, Merrimu, and St. Albans J. Griffiths's Ruby, and Foreester; and A. Doolan's Merlin, The first prize will be a gold medal presented by Mr. A. G. Stephens, and £1 10s added; seccond, £1 10s; and third, 15s, oTue BAD eND WonTHLsES are never 5, ismilsled or cossnferfcilcel. This is espe g cially true of a family medicine, and it is 5, positive proof that the remedy ismilsied is of C thse higheest value, As seen as it had been e tested and proved by the whole world that o Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and most evluable family medicine on earth, many I- imtations sprang up and began to steal o the notices ho which the Frees and the n people of the country nod expressed the 11 merits of H. B., and in every way toying to o induce sufferteg invalids to use thesir stuff n tnstead, expecting to make money on the I, credit and good name of H. B, Many y etlhers started neutrinos put up in similar o style to H, B., withe variously devised -t names in which thes word "MHop" or \- " Hops" were used in a way to iduce ef people to believe they wcore ties same as 1-Hop Bitters, All such pretended remedies .t or cures, no matter wheat their style or d name is, and especially those with ties d word "Hop" or"Hops"in their name or in any way connected with them or their .r name, are imitations or counterfeits, d Beware of them, Touch none of them, n Use nothing but genuine American Mop 1-Bitters, with a cluster of green heops en the e white label, and Dr. Soule's name blown n in the glees. Trust nothing else. Druggists n send chemists are warned against dealeng in imitations or counterfeits. EVnuntsE NoTES.-A correspondent sends us the following items:-At the local c Police Court this (Friday) morning, Frank u Jones, the lessee of the refreshment rooms r at the Evandale Junction Station, was I summoned for selling liquors without a I license. The defendant said that he was o not aware that there was no license for the c bar, as he had taken it from his father f some months ago; but the Bench, after 1 hearing the case, fined Jones .£20. It is I probable that one of our local publicans I will now obtain permission to sell at the 1 station. It is to be regretted that such rivalry exists between our local bands. Healthy rivalry is at all times good, but the extent to which it is being carried at present is prejudicial to both. There are several excellent performers in both bands, and if their friends could bring about an amalgamation, it would result in Evandale having the largest brass baud. in Tasmania, and would put an end to the ill-feeling that at present exists between them.-Our much respected local medico, Dr. Oldmeadow, is about to leave us, and his successor is Dr. Elliott, a recent arrival from South Australia.-I am glad to say that Mr. J. Bryan is recovering from his recent severe illness, and his friends will shortly be pleased to see him about the township. THe EceucA MYSTERY.-From the Ricerina Herald of Gth instant we learn that the scrub has been searched along the banks of the Murray river from Boileaux to the confluence of the Goulburn river, and the three constables engaged (Messrs. Spearing and Gleeson acting as volunteers) besides dragging the river, discharged several pounds of blasting powder in it, with the object of raisins the body. The powder was placed in lemonade bottles,and a fuse attached, which was lighted and thrown into the water. The charges were very powerful, each one throwing up a tremendous body of water several feet high. Mr. Spearing also secured the services of a Queensland native, who is an expert diver, and he went down all the holes in the bed of the river, remaining at times for two minutes under water. When Mr. R. A. Murray drove away from Echuca with the hired horse and buggy, the groom noticed two parcels in the vehicle, one wrapped in brown paper, the other in newspaper. When he left the hotel at Boileaux he had only his rod and basket, and after leaving the hotel he was seen by a Mrs. Ryan, who lives opposite the spot where the fish-basket and rod were found, going in that direction. About two hours afterwards she alleges she saw a man, similar in appearance to Murray, but dressed in a light suit of clothes, and a puggaree around his hat, leaving the scrub between her house and the river. On Sunday morning a man named Allen was walking through the scrub, and near the place where Mrs. Ryan saw the man he discovered two large sheets of brown paper, sufficiently large to hold a suitof clothes, and also a portion of the Argus of let inst. On Sun day night Constable Harris, in company with Mr. Spearing, made a minute search of the room occupied by the missing man at the Palace Hotel, and upon examining the papers at the hotel, only a portion of the Argus of lot intt. could be found, and that, together with the portion found in the scrub, made the complete copy of that paper. His luggage has been examined, and the only clothing found was a pocket handkerchief and some shirts.-The Ecehuca correspondent of the Age states " the police were on the Gth inst. informed by the boots employed at the Palace Hotel that Mr. Murray took out a large tin in the brown paper and a long piece of rope wrapped up in the newspaper for the purpose of catch ing shrimps in the river, but the tin has not been discovered, and it is believed that Murray was drowned while catching shrimps for bait." Mr. W. Tarleton, father-in-law of the missing man, left for Victoria by the Mangana on Thursday to pereonally investigate the mystery. We regret, however, to state that yesterday rumours were current in Launceston which would confirm unpleasant suspicions that have arisen. Tuoneron's DIOoAMA. - There was a rather limited attendance in the Odd fellows' Hall last evening, when Thomp son's diorama of the Soudan War and Nile Expedition was again produced, and, judging from the frequent applause, was appreciated by those present. The usual distribution of gifts followed, about 100 being given away, the principal one being a bedstead, which fell to Mr. J. M. Davies. The diorama will be repeated for the last time this evening, as it opens at Beaconsfield on Monday. A prize of a pair of gold earrings had been offered for the best conundrum, by a lady, on the Soudan War, last evening, but with the exception of two all those sent in were on the company or the diorama, and the prize was not awarded, and is open for competi tion again this evening. TYPHOID FEVER.-A young woman, 18 years of age, from Brisbane-street, was admitted into the General Hospital yester day for treatment for typhoid fever. This brings the number of cases at present under treatment in the fever wards up to 20\. During the first quarter of last year the total number of patients admitted for typhoid was 26, while this year the figures are reversed, and the total number of cases for the corresponding period is 52. This somewhat alarming increase Dr. Thompson consideredue totheverychangeable weather experienced since January; and the sudden changes fiom heat to cold, so prevalent of late, accelerate this sickness in a marked degree. TASesAeeA Tune CLue-Tihe nomina tions for the Easter Monday meet of the above club close on Monday next, and will be received by the secretary, Mr. J. B. Curran, Patterson-street, up to 4 p.m. on the day named. The following are the races which have to be nominated for: Newrillam Hurdle Handicap of 40 sove., 5 sove. to go to second horse, about 11 miles; Criterion Handicap of 10 Bove., second horse 3 sove. out of stoke, six fur longs ; Easter IHendicap of 50 sees., 5 nove. to go to second hsoree, lj miles; Autesen Steeple Handicap of 55 sees., 5I noes, to go to ties second horse, about two miles; Recovery Handicap of 21 noes., five furlongs. Ties nomination fee is one sovereign for ceech roces, and ties same amount is charged for acceptance. MARVCLLOU5 Cone.-We clip the fol lowing paragraph from ties Beedigs feeeeieeg News (fandheurot, Victoria), of 2nd May 18815;-" Remearhabls cure.-We leave on diogeuised psleaseere in publioleing the an nexed testimonial. Having a personal acquaintance switle the young man sehose signature is attacheed thecreto, and being cognisant of the facto of ties ease, of course thsere ins n room for doubt. It seas really pitiable to see a yeoung fellow just begin ning to be usefol seined smith a disease wleieh haifled our best medical skill, just waiticig for ties scorning light to leave thec surgical operation of amputation performed. But it swas extremtely gratifying. especially to ties sufferer and his foneily, that on that particular eveningsa friend from the country aleoeld have so opportunely stepped in and strongly advised a trial of Sanders and Sons' Eucalypti Extract, swhiche had such extraordinary effect, even during the sue niglet, thest the parento insisted en ties operation being delayed. The result is detailed in the testimonial sent to us by Mr, Cornow for publicatioan:-' 25th April, 1881.-Messrs. Sanders and Sons,-it is witie the greatest of pleasure that I testify to ties excellency cf your Eucalypti~xtract. Raving had inflammation on ties bone of the leg, which came en after a severe at tack of lsw fever, I was attended by Dr J. Boyd, who had made strenuous efforts to save my leg, but seithsout success. He then found it isecessary to amputate my limb. Having hesard in ties meantime of the wonderful cures worked by the Euca lypti Extract, I obtained a bottle, and the extract had not been applied mere thean an hour swhen I began to feel greatly relieved. After applying the extract every four hours for nine or ten days I was sout of all danger. I would pernuado all isle msey he affected with any sucs dicease to give ties Eucalypti Estract a trial, and I am con vinced that thesy will find it the moot wonderful of medicines.-Yours, etc., H, 3. Cuonow, Wattle-street, Sandhurot.' Wholesale depot for Tasmania-L. Foen HOsNac ANn linN. Retailed by hchmisto and storekeepers at is Od and 2s Gd per bottle. (7 I save every confidence in inviting special attention to my new supplies of Raster and Birthday Cards. These popuelar aned exquisite souvenirs being recal works of art. A. W. MAcneon, Bookseller and Stationer, Briabane-atreet. DEsLORAINE ROAD TRiUST Iurol correspondent writes :-My reports 0ale monthly meetings do not slhow the ao tun actually paid away for the montras largest amounts are usually left i c bands of Commrittees fur carryingou works to pay on completion. Last meeting only £47 2s 6d appears in the rert then passed, but the actual arport by the Trust for the month was £370 Gs; the amounts paid by the Committe Is; terday, being-Charlesworth and Si e-dnP balance contract, Calntock-road £4'13 Gh, ditto ditto, cutting road and culvert .4i 10; Koeating and Sons, gravelling siot. hurst-road, £87 100 ; Rassell lBrothr, Highplains- road, £87 ]Os; No. 1 contrcst ditto; No. 2 contract, £87 10s. Oct, VOLUNTEER,.ES.Ag VL TEnMeanes-A special Paraed of the Launceston Rifle Regiment wao held at 010 a.m, yesterday, for the purposcoo instructing the men in tent pitching wlhec there was rr very moderate attendante ofilcers present being Captains R1ocr elac Martin, Liouts. Gould and Fawns, Tire were also a number of cadets on parae, who were, with the Volunteers, exrercid in tent pitching. By the steamer Port Jackups, which arrived at Hobart a short time since from London, a parcel o Volunteer equipment came to eand for the Itifle Regiment. It comnpr5ise twent helmets for the Band of the Rifle Regiment They are similar in design to thoseow rint use by the Rifles, but are distingursirhiy a red tassel over the spike. Sixg 0bs as worn by the Imperial Guards, have aiw arrived for the pioneers. The new equip. mer t will be issued on Tuesday eveing By the same vessel 40 books arrived for the library at the Volunteer Build. ings. The books all relate to military matters, and should be useful to, and als thoroughly appreciated by, the mrembersof the corps. This aibtc:roaer the Rifle .i ment will assemble at 3 p.m. for the pose of further drill in tent pitchiing. Tire AvsenALAsIAN IRoNuonocii..-Wfie have received a copy of the first isose of the latest addition to Aistralasian jour. nalism, the Austrarasian Iror n roti eri i monthly paper published in Melbourne,. The following extract, taken from the proprietors introductory remarks, will e, plain the aim of the journal:-"Tie ,ts. Iralasian Ironmonrer will be essentially r and strictly a trade journal, as is its parent, the Ironmonger, London. It will always endeavour to be early and accurate in its news; will be strictly impirtial in all respects; and will as far as possible re present the metallurgical and allied indus. tries of these Colonies. It will give parti. culars of trade changes, the starting of new firms, the inauguration of new enter. prises ; will describe and illustrate new inventions connected with these trade,; will publish lists of new patents and trade marks; will give particulars of changes in prices and discounts, whether Colonial, British, American, German, Belgian, or French ; will furnish lists of shipments afloat and goods landed; will deal prudently with failures and the like financial disasters; will have well-in formed correspondents in all the leading colonial centres; will have cablegraoms from London concerning matters of im portance to the trades; will give the latest trade news from Great Britain, the United States, and all other parts of the world; will report fully all important meetings, congresses, exhibitions, etc.; will devote particular attention to market reports, contracts open, technical informa tion, and the like; and, finally, will en deavour to keep importers, retailers, engiteers, etc., thoroughly well-pnoted in all that concerns the businesses by which they severally live and hope to prosper." The initial number is a very creditable production, supplying a large aeroirnt of valuable general information, particular attention being paid to matters connected with the trade it especially represents. The extract matter is compiled tersely, and different colonies have each separate space allotted them under different head- - ings, whilst British, European and American notes also find a place in the pages of the Australasian Irirmomner, the whole comprising a valuable additioo to the journalism of Australasia. TirE ABsCONDING BANK MANAOcn. - Our Queensland telegrams have notified the arreat lot Brisbanie of E. B. Holt, the absconding manager of the Sydney branch I of the Bank of New Zealand, and from our files we learn thatduring the three weeksihe hie has been missing from Sydney hir must have travelled overland into Queensland, disguised as a Roman Catholic priest, and on March 23 took the railway at Stanthorpe for Brisbane, travelling under the name of the Rev. Father Rea, On the night of the 24tir he embarked on board the steamer Keilawarra, at Brisbane, paying for a whole cabin. lHe gave his name as the Rev. John Hayter, and preserved his seclusion during the trip to Townsville. He arrived there too late for the mail steamer Dacca, and he returned by the Keilawarra,whiclh arrived at Maryborough on the morning of the 3rd inst. It was observed there that he disregarded priestly functions,and was unaccustomed to specta cles. The police, who had his description, observed himr studying a shipping boardat the telegraph office, and followed hior to the School of Arts, where be confined his attention to the shipping news. He went on board the steamer again early that evening, but when the vessel sailed at o ai.m on the 5th instant for Brisbane, somebank officials wslowereonthe wharfsaw the supposed priest, and identified him as HoltThre police had sent a detective on board to maintain surveillance over Holt until his arrival at Brisbane, and after his identification telegraphed to Bcinbano where Holt was arrested on arrival. INTvncoLoNeAL ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, ETc.-A little girl two years old was on let instant run over and killed in 31el bourne by a lorry, the horses of which were only going at a walking pace; the driver, E. Willcox, sitting in the centre of the lorry. It appears that just befers the accident sooe persons told;Willeox throt the tiis was coming off end of tire swbeels, and Ire got down only to find ho land been the victim of a practical joke, it being the first day of April; rwehen a peroen called out that a child seas under the whelels, lie thought another joke seas being per. pntrated, snd consequently he did not step until the wheel bad passed over its head. An elderly birnbman named Neville wos on 1st instant sentenced at tire Waggo rassices by Judge Faweett, to be hranged for line ing an tire 22ud September murdereda child named Mary O'Brien, 12 years of age. Tire judge comurented strongly upoS tire cold-blododd nature of the murder. It may be recollected thrat the girl 0110 found in a waterhrole with a heavy stone upon hrer back.-Edward Feller, alabeurert, aged 22, residing at Auckland, N.Z., on 2nd mustant shot Emily Keeling. nged 17, tire daughter of a bricklayer. Two' bellets lodged in her breaut, and sirs died seitirin hralf an hour. Fuller afterwards fired the revolver into his own mouth, and inilicted. a fatal wound. Letters were found in iris pocket shrowing that ire lied hers keepieg company withr the girl clondeatinely against tire wish of tire girl's father. INeTcacOLONTAL ITnMSr.-Mr. Tom Hale, one of tire finest oteeplechrase riders in England, arrived at Melbourne on lot inst. from London. Me hras came to tire celonics for tire benefit of his health, whiachr ef late has been very peer, owing to severe injories received in the last Grand National Steeple shase when riding one of VieduntSaeernake's horees.-A certain member of the peerage who recently came to Melbourrnc, and is still threre, iras become entitled tooa feetune of one hondred theouand pounds in Eng land. A considerable amount of money has been remitted, and tire iecipiecut has net been slose to let throse whom be patronises know tire fact.-One hundred and eighty of the boatmaleers of Aneklsmnd have struck work for an increase of wages. -Col. Sargoed, er-Minister of Defence, far Victoria, whro seas entertained at Iayer' cargill. N.Z., 0n02nd inst., said, with refer' enre to the colonial defences, that if the colonists new, as ho did, how imrminent war had been, they would compel their Government to co-operate with tire other celonies in eutablishing a joint navy.-iie Premier of Nesv Zealand, speaking at Invereargil on 1st mast., sold the time hrad arrived to taller off tire colony's borrowing operatioeo. Me would oppose any furthrer borrowing. except for necessary railways. Additional customs rovenuo wrrs wanted, and it should be impesed in ouch a nranne- os to en conrage local industry r but Ire was opposed ts tire imposition of prohibitive pretectice duties. ogocr wncsy ,S"rii EAns JOiUNAL."- r ahealthy sign for Auatralia to 'clonists appreciate the writings % ter CO dso the old, world. In ctlc i Aus1itrealia will compare with riun of Great Britain, Europe, or say riO ''lie coutouts of the fertile f Shakespeare, Milton, Byron, trs ? hccaulIy, Dickens, Froude, ES' s eiti, etc., are familiar as house- LIB words throughout the colonies. hold be deocryes to be, is per- SC et st known of England's poets, tis eatiefctory to find that the t Shes peas e Journal is now an PA d fact, tis initial number having lotlidh at Adelaido on April 5.. The r~1is publioshe by the Adelaide irersity Slhakespeare Society, and is the t made in Australia to estab ri exclusively Slkespeorian journal. lis tbjet of the work is not " to write giv Theetctt ciliea o Scakospears which will be stoc i wth approval swherover tia peot is Got e d We cannot think that - t ld will very largaly interest itself quo he writings which will appear from ' tei to time in these pages. . .. We Iris cia locn to 0o special inspiration or Los 5 ior intoelligencie." It merely en-. Dul 1T eou to ecourageC a study of the in- t imiabl writinig of tich Bard of Avon. thelieu. SyR" Fletchser,Ml.A.,president of 11 he Society, contributes an article on the equ cIlumanness of Shakespeare," arguing and initothis feature Shalsespearo owes his secec over tics iuieginativeaiid beaciti- tihs icc of Milton. To Shakespeare's I 111 ectr cc coiled ability in portraying character to Jddpicting the individualities of each, F oletcher attributes the undying. con a0s of the aucthor. Professor Bocuiger, Cme Viccldiresident, furnishes a shortarticle on he word " Coil," as used by Shakespeare, , end Dean Russell adds a prettily written tba hetel on the encehccnted Island Caliban inh hloe Tempest." The Dean writes-"It was con usrdle for a mind like Shakespear's to Kr, mprate in his plays the belief of the twe xisteoce of such Moilli half-human ecalures without investing the scene with e new interest. 'i'is idea of a creature sea' ,cioig, as it were, on tile borderland of q iuscmaity seems to have fascinated him, nin sad in his hands it becomes a psychological Ole, icudy full of interest to every age I" Ole A. II. Champion, B.A., head sec cmster of the Church Grammar, School, ;iet launceston, contributes an ably written me ialy on," Shakespeare's use of theoSuper natural," it being the Tyns prize essay of 1i5i. To admirers and studentsof Shakes-. I pearn perhaps the most facinating, and at inc the Fame time unfathomable, portions of of hic writings are those dealing with the supeoroatural. The student can for in- for itance plainly see "in his mind's eye, em Snoaio," tie ghost of Hamlet's muriered for father. Ilt s the ghost of the dead king eta that calle on Hamlet for restitcction;.not the creation of the disordered brain of a cot moonomaniac. Mr. Champion deals with , I his subject in a manner that plainly pro- lam claims him a close and careful student of pea the subject of his essay. It is imposnible to cull briefly from Mr. Champion's essay, for it is all so good that a clipping there ionm would convey no idea of the context. l The article will be continued in the nset wh en0. Tlhe journal is very neatly printed and will be of great service and interest to Seo Shatespeare's numerous admirers. ' wac Y.l[.C.A. - The mutual improvement pci class selt last evening in the rooms of the Co above Association, when there was a good attendance. Alderman S. J. Sutton occu pied the chair. The subject set down for spi dicucssion was, "Should Bible reading gel foin part of the curriculum of State e 0chools." The Chairman said Ice did not remember that this subject had been dis cussed in Launceston before, but Ite had no Mi doubt it would in the future come pro- to minently before them : lie then called on the opener of the debate, Mr. T. ' W. co Ratcliffe, who on rising was greeted with appliccse. Ile said the Bible should be ox read in State schools because-1. Character is the chief factor in a nation's prosperity we and greatness. 2. Christianity as set forth rc; inthe Bible 'is the only basis on which a ad nation's greatness can rest and-3'Fdrsca tion of character begins in childhood. Ile then quoted largely from eminent' author ities .in proof of his subject. Mr, W. G. Edmunds said the object of Bible, reading should be to cultivate the highest maoral character of the children, and this was not attended to. ' Children looked upon the Bible as a dry old book, something like nasty medicine. He admitted that the bi teaching of the Bible tended 'to elevate a nation, but enquired, is that t*onhith re ceived in the day schools? Mr. M. E. Smith said ie hold with the good old book itself that ' the' Bible. should be read and taught everywhere. 1ir. J. Sinclair said the, arguments seot cc forth by Mr. Ratcliff itad 'left the real question untouched. The following mos-; re lers then spoke in' favour:-.Messrs. J. E (iy, G. Morris, and M. `Marshall; 'and: icainst-Meosrs. D. Stoner, F: Drake; and W. Stokes. Mr. T. 'W. Itatclilf having. ably summed up, the quiestion was put to the vote of the mieoting by the chairmcan, slo said hie quite agreed with those; who argued it was an important question, aiid lie thought it would be more prominently' a brought forward in the future. The result' is Zi 11e vote was-Ayes, 18; noes, G. The aflrcuative was, therefore, 'decided by a' P majority of 13, Votes of thanks were then s3 passed to the leaders of the debate,. and to. c; the cliaircmau. It was 'decided that the a1 next evening should be devoted, to read- , cago, recitations, and improiaptus'peaking. The cieeting closed at 10 o'clock. i.' C Dr:couixaN 'FoovTALL, CnuiU..- The i errngements for this season are as under:. is -President, Dr. J3 M. M'Nrece ; vice-. presidents, Mr. C. N. Crosswill and Mr.' John Blennett; secretary, M. r . lilocli treecsrer, Mr. N. Rock; captain, Mc. G. W. ' Field; vice-captain, Mr. N. Rock; co ,m Oittee, Mr. Basil Smith and 'Mcr.William Hleferean; extra, committee-mon, Mr.; Waiter Pickett, Chudleigh, and Mr: Joseph p loamoy, Donerdaic match committee,. Slecors. B. Smith, Ohms. Faswknsr, and 3. Gi. Liudley c namo, Doelorains Football' Clui, In consist of members acidhen, mom hocs; colours, red and. blue; rules, Tas cananila c subscription, 2s Gd season rencucci practice days, Weidnssdays aria t Qeicroconc.-R.T. Foiter, inthe;euaployi of Mr. Josh. Kennedy, butcher, 'killed,I leossed, and hung-up ready for sale four lihecep in 15i minutee, a feat schich we fancy Ceey lew men can beat, lootif is suggestive ci uacamfortablo sensationls to tso' in fcitunrate objects .of 'so muclc celerity, 'lucre could not be sufliciont time for them to expice decently before they. swould find themseelves divestod of covering and con teatsl ______ Ie'cNENDIaN competitors are0 reminded thcit ecitries for thce twelitha annual cxlii icition to be hceld cinder the auspices of the Devon Agricultural Society, ict Hamilton en-Ferthc on Thursday next, close swith Mr. itobert Scott to-day. 11cc. JoociPc SYsuES is announced te give lectures in tics Oddfellows' Hall on Tues day and Wednesday evening next. EeErCIOems of trustees for the North Rok road diotrict swill he held on 24th instant at Wh~lite Hills. 'Nomlicatious will be received by the Chairman up to 4 pum. of 17th instant, and for the Moidliurot road ictrict tics 29th instant has been fixed for Ito election at Elicabethc Town, nomina tiaon to be received by the Chcairsian at Dunorlan up to 22nd inctant. A orccixL aIEETING of members of the Auatralian Mutual Provident Society will ho held at Sydney on 5tls proximo at 2 Arotirtsrcoaso are invited up to 30th instant by the Wccrden of Fingal for the position of Council Clerk at a ealary of .1110 pcr lannauc. A s'AREWELL 'IEA Wciii bn given to Pastor iliddlestone on Wedneoday next. Run. 'WituAnn CAwasTosO, Photographer, has resumed business in hcis late ecctabliehi mont, St. Jolln-street. in partnership swith hfr. K. P. Bowling. Conrrsor Eni'lrvcsoios for the elerteral rolls Ticmar and Weotbury, will be held en 2tht inot. Th orocciare incitedM upto 20th lunt by for thce contract right ef entry for cabs ints their Lnunceoton station yard. To WaiiuiK lRIcNKEcRS.-Usler' Glen iret is the pcurest in the market. When you ouk for it see that you get it. as ialerior whicikies are put up, and palmed oi unde thi famou pbtrand. Buy frm Edinburgh. 