FOR THE LITTLE FOLKS. NED'S I RTIIDAY. This is a true story, and I want you to read it, and then think about it. Ned came downstairs one morn ing, cross and ill-tempered. Ho kicked, becauseohis boots, that had been wet the night before, would not go on easily. He grumbled at thle fire; he was dis agreeable and discontented at breakfast; and he was altogether very, very naughty. His mamma lookcd very grieved and sad, but did not speak cross, or indeed reprove Ned at all. This made him more sorry at heart than as if he had been scolded or even punished, for Ned was not really a bad boy, though his temper was bad at times to keep in chellck. All day Ned was full of repentance, but his mamma gave him no chance to tell her until evening; then when the lamps were lit thley hald a long talkl aboutit,lwhich only they and the angels lheard. Ned's cyeswere full of tears ashoe rose from hIis prayers and Idssed mamma good- night. He must have thloughlt the angels were watching, for he came downstairs smilng like one him self for awhlolewrek. Now ithappened thlathis birthday came round just when this good week cane to a close. It wan Tuesday, and hlie was seven years old that day. aLamma planned it all while hie was at school, so when lie came home at four o'clock, there on the table laid a new suit of clothes from papa, a pretty hlandker chief from grandma, and a new scarf from manmma, which sohe 1ad made herself, beside six little white notes, and when she told him lie was to hlave a party the way hlie scampered off with tleinvitations up and down the street, through tihe great white flakes of snow that were falling, showed how delighted lie was. Six little girls and boys came to tea, which bevcergo they were allowed to drink out of manmmia's pretty Clina teacups, then there were all kinds of dainties, which mamma had made and provided; and all enjoyed themselves immensely. After supper a merry time was had at playing "hide t.nd seek," andi a number of othler games. Finally, whlen it was nearly time to go home, mamma sat down at the piano and began to play. They all gathered round her, and as she listened to their sweet young voices poured forth in song, and looked into their innocent faces, she thought of the choir in heaven. By nine o'clockl the sound of the last little footstep had died away in tihe distance, and Ned went to bed the happiest little boy in the town. A rITT.E boy was beilg told the story of Jonah ad the whale. When it was finished hlie looked up gravely, and said, " IMaimma, did the whale chew that prophet ?" He was asharp little lad, and had been taught, as all children shouldbe, to chew his food, and thus to make it easy of digestion. lBut, in matters of this kind, it iswellto laydown a rule. That rule may be put thus, that children should not swallow their meat until they have chewed it forty times, save one-that Isto say, thirty-nine times. Forvegetables and bread thirty times, save one, will suffice. Can you remember the rule--" Chew your food forty times, save one I" HeaE is a little poem, written by Guy Roslyn, which is well worth reading, I thinkl: nOW THE WIND LOWes. O tihe dancing of the leaves, When the wind blows ! And the rushing noise of trees, Shouting, shrieking ori tlmeleas, Like the sound of seething seas, When the wind blows I O the bending of thi boughs, When the wind blows I! The moan and the quiver Of reeds along the river-- That sink, and rise, and Shiver- Whlen the wind blows I .0 the shifting of the clouds, Sal en the wind blows! Sailing swiftly on between The wide blue world and the greel , Throwing shadows o'er thie sheen, When tihe wind blows I 0 the drifting of thle snow, When the'wind blowsl . ' Showing in the cold moonlight S: Fallen trees lhid under white, 'Like great ghosts inbed at night, A When the wind blow sl O the comfort of the fire, Whesi the wind blows ! To hear thle song and the chat 'Of the kettle and the cat, And tihe cricket on the mat, When the wind blowsI A nLEARNiED American professor tells the following strango story, which will interest the boys, though I'm afraid little girls don't much care about frogs, beautiful as they are when rightly renarded: A rather interesting. incident occurred while I was a student in the Scientific School of Yale College. In the Peabody Museum we had a large wire cage con taining numerous reptiles,'and among them was a frog of unusual' size. On one of our excusions I brought in a number of frogs and other animals, and going to the cage dropped the contents of the jar, frogs and all, down among the animals at the bottom. The large frog, whichl had been confined there for some time, caught one of the small ones before it reached the bottom of the cage, and swallowed it withl as great ease as she would have captured a fly. This quickly done, he sat and looked about with an air of satisfaction for a moment, then sprang upon anothler of medium size, caught and swallowed it as quickly as the first. 'This done there was another pause of a couple of minutes, and then, with another quickr bound, ihe seized and swallowed a third frog equal in size to the second; this accomplished there was another pause of about five minutes, and tisen another 'qiick, savage bound for a fourth victim, this time for a frog two-thirds the size of ismself. Eachl of the thrcowereoseized and swallowed head first, but the fourth effort was not so successful as the others, for tlids he only managed to get into Iis mouth as far as its hind legs, when there was a pause and a struggle. The unfortunate frog in the mouth of the large one persisted in holding its hind legs out sideways, at right angles to its body, as if conscious tlmht these tactics would prevent tihe other from swallowing it; and at the same time the large one used its front feet, at times one, and again both, to straighten out the lind legs of hIis victim so that ihe might be able to swallow it; and while this struggle was going on lie made frequent efforts to use the sides and bottom of the cago as an object against whichl to press the other frog, so as to aid its efforts to swallow it. The struggle, however, after lasting a number of minutes, terminated in favour of the smaller frog, for by a desperate effort. it managed to elude the grasp of his assailant; but.while the battle did last it used bothl its muscular and vocal powers to their utmost to thwart tihe murderous designs of the enemy. TIsERE is a grard monument in Westminster. Abbey, London, in honour of Sir Cloudesley Shovel, one of England's great naval commanders. This man began life as a shoemakler's apprentice. His first battles were waged with awl and hammer. But .we may be sure the youtlh had some high qualities, or he would never have exchanged the cobbler's bench for the quarter deck. We need seek no further than the early days of hIis life at sea. He became weary of Iris trade, and enlisted in the navy. It is related of him that he was smart at seamanship and "uncommonly diligent, when off duty, in the study of any nautical books lie could lay his hands upon." That gives the clue to his success. A lad who improves his chances, and is ready to take advantage promptly of every opportunity, is sure to succeed. Sm WArEn Scos'r's opinion ought to be worth something. IIo was a very learned man, and a very successful one. This is what lhe wrote to a boy for whom hlie had just obtained a situation: " You must boware of stumbling over a propensity whlich easily besets you, from not hIaving your time fully occu pied. I mean wlhat women call dawdling. Do instantly whsst is to be done, and takle the hours of recreation after business, and never before it." You may set it down as a rule, girls as well as boys, tihat dawdlers rnever go.t into tihe front rankss, except by some accildent. Thlose whio wor liard andl play Ilhard, who do "wilh their might whatever their lias issi to do," are tile oneis sh',suu conqsiper lilck and s rihlslll. ntances. 'To lls', to shai do ai thing, is the higlhest roaid It fslliro. Even res:it ehsosl ia alse tla I horoIghily, for life ought inot to In nilldrudislgpry. A vIiItlis hIssly Inslllsss 'l'elylosr IIn?oHl Is a hsslrnls'r n! ;a't' 1 1ll))l( i ,isli 1s s llslUs Iso I1 si fis ilyss Y, i'I Isis ih bilsll asr s'sl sl-sis'.l i;ll sIsI)' rib sIi ly oh siapl!s l ;i''; Iii u's|, CeU 5llt.55r' ilr he ss',sJIh) li, s IssI 5 1555 sil(l s;'sI , s) I J )sla l)'l', l~ilC)*lll: IIJ ]l)((1 :ll bly 1IIU IIIJJJ ) (11 1) lllo , lol LI ?* Is)is',th)( s h'i : sgu l his y rush ,Is s lois l s Issi; isi lii's I si h )ls s- I I l 1ls lles isiss il s iis sll l s iilSi ''I li on s Os/ ililll i si yt 'IlhIsv, id si,, i ll''' ',ss' siy si', fls haI l 'sl, ; lie, 11 ii s t ilt thu . Is' i)) I Ii's',l ' '1 l "i iii . '' h 1s i 1 'ii s'; 