A LADY'S LETTER. London, 2nd April. Paris, tho gayest city of the world, appears to have its soinbro sido also, and lately a novel but doleful idea has struck tho mind of an ex-convict called Lisbournc, who has opened a cabaret as a travesty on a prison. 11 All the waitresses nro drossod as convicts, and fettered, and tho chef represents the exe- cutioner, who grimly tells his customors that ho will bo ready for thom in ton minutes." He will open a second caft!, where tho tables shall ho coffins, docked with skulls as salt- sellers, aud where customers shall bo waited upon by young girls "got up" as corpses, aud habited in ahrouds. What can bo moro rovolting or sickening than to havo such realistic surroundings in a paluco wkero appotitos aro indulged, aud yet I am told that all those restaurants do a pros perous business. Thoro arc bramties aud cafds whero tho kiugs and queens of Franco aro represented, aud also the mistrosses of the kings, Agnes Sorrol, la belle Gabrielle, Louise dela Vnllitro, Pompadour, &o.; The craze lor novofty is so great that if such things as con victs and ghosts aro accepted, verily wo may not kuow what to expect next, Tho Mackay-Mossonier squabblo which ox- cited so much talk in society and urtistio circles two years ago in Paris, London and America, has had all falsehood connected with the dif ferent versions swopt away by the truth being at last told— bettor late than nover. Tho gene ral belief was that Mrs. Mackay destroyed ignominously tho portrait painted of her by Messouicr, because it was unsatisfactory, but it is simply hiddeu away in a cupboard at tho Mackay rosidonco iu Ruo do Tilsith. Tho true story is as follows: — Mr. Maokay gavo tho artist tho commission to paint Mrs. Mackay at hia own prico. Several sittings wero givon Mossonier, and ho discontiuuod the work, as- hia-' health was not very good at the time. Mrs. Mackay loft kor ilross at the studio, and wont away to tho country, saying that a tolegrauq.-wftuld .bring hor baok- to ths: city in twont-fou'r hours.1- Great was hor sur- priso, after waiting a .-ample >,of months, without any direct tidlngk from Mossonier, to lodrif that 'hor portrait was exhibited in tho Salon Trionnal. Tho salon closed, Mr. Petit, tho picture dealer, called at her rosidence with tho portrait in one hand nnd a receipt for 70,000 francs in the other— tho portrait having been finished up after a model, it scarcely, it at all, bora any resem blance to Mrs.' . Mackay. Naturally enough, Bho Rau jusc oauso 10 00 ouenucu alto gether with tho proceedings of tho artist, and therefore refused to accept the portrait. Tho pioturo doalor insisted that ho must leave it 1 and Mrs, Mackay replied, " You will leave it at your risk and peril." Unintimidatod, Mr. Petit left tho portrait in the hall ; and, after ho had gone, Miss Mackay 's brother wrote thus to Messonrer: — "Monsieur, — Yeuillez trouvor ci-' inclus de la part de M. Mackay un cheque dfl /0,000 fr. J'ai l'honnour de vous saluer." The curt letter mado tho artist furiou3 : and Mr. Wolff, of the Figaro was sent for to write thaf wonderful article which started tho legend of tho ignominious destruction of tho painting. I? Mrs. . Mackay had scon .Mr. Wolff first ther< might have been saved much of tho controversy! that dragged her name so conspicuously and undesorvedly before the public. j Liszt has delighted tho Parisians at Mr/ Mundeasey's soirtie by playing two pieces on th« piano, which for his age have beon described' "au miracle." All London is wondering whether he will play hero, but if ho does not, tr novel, entitled Musical Life, written by Mrsi' Oscar Beringer.and dedicated to Liszt (who is one of the prominent characters), may atone for the absoncoof his morcoaux in the association of hie' name and carcor with that lady's musical train: of thought. Liszt's visit to Paris recalls the- rendition of his St. Elizabeth about twenty! years ago at St. Eustache, when a rather' harsh pun was made on his name. His name was often pronounced Litz, instead of Lisztjl " and at that time, when he had just been made' an abbd, and was supposed suddenly to lead a.' very austere life (although tho abbds in French' history did not always practice the virtues they preached), they called the displeasureor dis content with which the composition was listened to La dtfnito d'Austeriitz (d'Austcrd Lit z);f This was a smart rap, but he wasnot so badly! hit by his witty enemies as to cause him to lay down his pen and fold his hands, for his pro.' ductions have proudly placed him on the highest round of tho ladder of fame, whilst the fingers that melodise his compositions grow noli weary or palsied with age. Perhaps no rocsnt death has so sym pathetically affected tho public mind as that of the Comtosso do Chambord— not only for her many virtues and dignity of character, but for her association' with the great exiled Princo who stood as a peoY among men for bis nobility of nature, his strict' honor, his peerless life. The Countess died at' Guritz, Austria, after an illness of only three" days. She was a saintly widow, having retiiod completely from tho world after her loss, and her austere religious exorcises must have seriously affected her health. It was her custom to pray in the vault of the Franciscan -church at Gdritz, whero aro intoned tho remains of the Duko and Duches-s of Angou- leme, tho Duchcs3 of Parma, and tho Comto de Chambord. For twenty years she had beon a lay member of tbe order of the Carmelites, into which she was admitted on a' special footing by a bull of Pope Pius IX The aristocratic faubourg of St. Germain, at Paris,' has gono into mourning for tho Countoss, I which may last a9 long as for tho late Count,1 viz., six months. Many receptions have been1 discontinued, nnd the Baronne Adolphe do' Kothschild, at the last moment, oontermanded her invitations for a concert aud reception in' honor of the Duo and Duehesso do Chartre?.-' Notwithstanding the bitter feeling, if not hatred of the Countess against the Orloans Princes (and this was perhaps tho only harsh' trait of her character), thoy havo paid1 hor .memory tho -respect of a grand mass at' Canne3 for the repose of her soul. The wedded lifo of tho Count aud Countess was a bright example for many notabilities to have followed' — thoy had a sort of court at Frohsdorf, and although ho did not reign at tho Tuilerios as Henry V., or she ns'Quoen of France, they had more peace and happiness thoro than if they had real.y occupied tho throne. Still in tho eyes of the Czar, the Kaiser, tho Austrian court generally, and all the Frenoh who went to Frohsdorf, thoy woro no leB3 sovereigns than if presiding over France. Perhaps it was just this contented existence that made tho Count always contrive to avoid every promising opportunity of sovereignty, and when urged to' servo his beloved France by a sudden stroke for his rights, a letter from his pen — invariably a letter — would put an end to any possibility o( action. Instead of sword or weapon to fight his way to power, ho , choso tho " mightier agent" to keop him in seclusion. His atten tions to kU wifo wore most chivalrio and affectionate, and to show tho studious regard; ho bad for her in everything, when ho found that hor affliction of deafness was de priving hor somewhat of tho companionship of1 thoso among whom she lived, ho took lessons of n great aotor in Vienna to acquire a way of speaking loud and very distinctly without ap-! pearing to roar, which ho thought might seem' disrespectful to hor. Such goutle, loving acts spoak much for tho man's sublimity of charac-' tor; and aro mora to bo valued than deedn ol prowoss. The Countess was a daughter of thaf grandson of Maria Theresa, son of the Archf duke Ferdinand and the hclross of the Estosi whoso birth' tho Empress of Germany an nounced herself to her faithful subjects in tha Burg Theatre. Possessed of au immense for- tuno, sho bravely ovorcamo all of tho diplo mats intrigues and manoeuvres of M. Guizot in 1846 to prevent this woalth being conveyed by marriage to the Count da Chambord, sq their wedding took place privately at Brack, in tho Styrian Mountains. Sho had ariivedSthem from Modena, at which placo Bho had beon mrriod by proxy, and he from Vienna,! and they plighted their troth at tho ultar in simple travelling garb. May thoy bo blessed in' that spiritual union beyond the grave. " The most imposing funeral ceremony as to religious funotious that has taken place in Lonq don for some timo has been that of tho lata Duchess Dowager of Norfolk. Tho performance of Palostrina's Requiem Mass at tho Oratory at Brompton was well rondorod and most affect; ing, Tho funeral service began at ten o'olool a.m. with the dirgo, and was followed with ths 1VI|UIUW UU Vtwiyui UU we MSU vuvtf floated on the still air, and tho more :nyatc-| riously sweet it fell on tho oar as the singers wero unseon. About 200 priests, wearing thoii caBSOok. and ootta, and holding lighted candlegl assisted at tho ceromony, as also two can dinals, throe bishops and several monslgnorS TUr sDoctao'.o was most solctrt ana teaching, and indeed worthy of the ar tist's brush— the splendid vestments of the cardinals' and others of the clergy, the re- toresentatives of the different clerical orders, hearer faithful Sisters of Charity here and there )a groups, the catafalque where rested the mortal Remains of the late duchess, the altar boys with winging censers, the soft light of the tapers ind the mournful strains of music that told of a soul departed. At the close of the service the long procession of the clergy weeded their Kay down tho whole ldngtb of the church, the body of the late duchess following next, and the Cardinals Manning and Newman walking last, side by side. The death of the Duchess is a great bereavement to her family. Her children were with her at the end, as was her danghter, a Carmelite nun, who was per mittee to solace her in tho last fleeting mo ments of her life. Lord Lyons, the brother of the late Duchess, feels most deeply her loss, and came from Paris to attend 'the last melan choly rites at Arundel. Long will 6he be remembered in the county of Sussex, where, in loving memory of her husband, she had erected five churches. Peace to her ashes. 