THE HEIR OF THE AGES. By JAMES PAYN, Author of ' Lost Sir Massingberd,' ' ' Fallen Fortunes,' ' The Best of Husbands,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIX.— An Editor. Everybody not in ;the first flight of fashion and ignorance must -remember the sensation caused by the first appearance of the Millennium Review; nay, -even fashionable people deigned to notice the existence of that phenomenon, when, after rising like a rocket through the literary empyrean to an unparalleled altitude, it remained there emitting showers of wit and fancy. It was published, of course, to supply an obvious void in literature ; the wonder was that it found one and succeeded in filling it. Some |one said|that it was suggested by the well known lament of the divine who enlarged the sphere of ecclesiastical harmonies that 'the devil should have all the best tunes.' At all events, its declared object was to enlist under the banner of .orthodoxy certain talents, such as wit and humor, which had hitherto been re tained by the other side. Only, from the nature of things, it was necessary that the orthodoxy should be exceeding broad. From the high and dry, therefore, this publication could look but for little sympathy, and still less from the evangelical party. But between high water mark and low- water mark opinions are plentiful as sand and various as shell?, and it was to this' section ot the reading public that the Millennium, appealed. The editor of this new venture, one Felix Argand, was a man of character. His opinions within certain not very clearly-defined limits were audacious, and he had the courage of his opinions. Contrary to the advice of his friends he had invested all the money he had in the world in this literary speculation. In vain had they judiciously pointed out that the brain-worker and wire-puller were dramatis persona; which should never be undertaken by the same individual, since, if once the grit of worry gets into the delicate wheels of intellect there ensues disaster. Argand answered, 'I know it, but I must be entirely untrammelled in this affair, or I shall sink like a stone.' They watched his proceedings with a smile of compassion, and — it seemed, with that Mil lennium, round his neck, like a miracle — they beheld him float. Success assured, at all events for the present, he became the prey of quite another set of advisers. For himself they cared nothing, but they were earnestly desirous to make use of his enterprise for the advocacy of their theories. 'In some respects the prin ciples of the Millennium were so admirable,' they said, ' what a pity it isyou suffer it to fall short of perfection.' tThe high church nnrfv pnfrpa.fpH him fn hoMmn 9. Hnlnra.rlr A great and venerable authority offered to con tribute an article upon the 'Translations of BishopB.' 'Dear and reverend sir,' he replied, 'you mistake the nature of the question that the public is putting to itself. It is not whether there shall be any more translations, but any more originals.' The venerated (and titled) head of the evan gelical party besought him in moving terms to remember that philanthropic endeavor without dogmatic faith was only one of the million roads to the everlasting bonfire. 'My loid,' he replied, 'I admire your philanthropic exertions beyond everything; but it seems to me that yon have made a reli gion for yourself out of the worst parts of Chris tianity.' Felix Argand was one of the gentlest-natured men that ever took pea in hand; but he re sented dictation, and had a habit of expressing hiniEelf epigramniaticaliy. His personal ap pearance w»s striking. Tall and thin, with flowing hair, and eloquent brown eyes, he had the sppeatai.ee of a religious enthusiast ; but though ingi-nuous and frank to a fault, and cordial (wbeie be liked people) in a remarkable degree, he .was well acquainted with human nature; not easily deceived, and never de ceived twice by the same aits ; with a tongue smooth and gentle, but sharp on occasions like a razor, he held his own against all comers. - Though his aim was nothing less than the re generation of society, he enteitained no false hopes of its accomplishment. To leave the world better than he found it was his highest expectation. His heart was tender towards all who weie woithy of compassion, but co'd as steel towards the base The coquetting of the hureanitaiians with tbe cruel aroused bis bit terest contempt, and servility and sycophancy his keenest ridicule. With \Vhig or Tory he had no sympathy ; the utter independence of paity politics exhibited by the Millennium -was one xf its specialties ; and though a tpiritcal tone, pervaded it, it was wholly ua sectarian. Though Fells: Argand hud taken the highest honors at Oxford, he had derived no material advantage from them, since his peculiar prin ciples had forbidden him to accept the terms on which alone a fellowship could, at that time, be obtained. His reputation, however, had preceded him to town, where by that circle which still concerns itself with university matters, while it does its work in the larger litsntry world, he was warmly welcomed. Wibfekich exceptional advantages, his talents soon obtained recognition, if within a somewhat limited gj.-here ; and his pen gained him an in come wMc&\- supplemented by some small pri vate means of his own, was amply sufficient for his needs, ^'his source of support, however, in a short time b ecame precarious — not from any falling off in th e value of his contributions, but from the view* expressed in them. Editors complained tbat .he was angular — a fatal bar to eminence in j.»urvalism ; and the application of the tmocthingr-.'ron was borne with im patience. Hie nu'nd, though not perhaps very logical, was essentially ' original. Some said he was1 not 'quiet in har ness ;' but others wen.t further, and averred that fce was not adaptt'd either for riding or driving, but like the wild .horse of thelTkraines, fit only to rove at will, or at best to take part in those Roman races whic-h are run without saddle or bridle, with the sptfr of his own im agination pricking his sides. Of course he was pronounced unpractical ; and indeed he was so in the sense that- he could find no groove to fit him ; but wifcfe. less reason it was deplored that he was utterly ignorant of the world. Felix Argand indeed concerned himself not so much with the doings of the world aa with its thinkings ; but the latter be made his particular study, and. became surprisingly familiar with it. He possessed an unusual share of human sympathy, and a manner that invited confidence. With the opinions of philosophers and sages man kind is well acquainted, for they can be read in books, but with the views of our own friends and neighbors regarding matters that - are out of the sphere of their everyday existence we rarely think it worth while to enquire. Teachers and preachers imagine that in providing them with doctrine theyhave in spired conviction and supplied them with faith. Felix. Argand had the intelligence to perceive that this was not the case. He learnt that among a large minority of ordinary thinkers the great principles of belief survive in the ashes of dogma ; the Millennium was addressed to readers as far removed from orthodoxy as from agnosticism, and found its public. The success accomplished was great and immediate ; but itspeculjarity lay in its per sonal character. The originator of this enter prise, who had been hitherto only a moderately well-known figure in London life, became -a personage and a power. He was still young, which increased the marvel ; and even younger in heart than in years. He sympathised with the youthful doubter, with' the budding poet, with tbe thinker who had ju3t burst the shell ; he read every contribution, are some part of it, with hiB own eye ; it is not surprising, there fore, that as his good-nature got to be under stood his correspondence became considerable ; and yet it was said that he never left a letter unanswered. Of course he was immensely laughed at. Editors of a more practical kind did not hesitate to aver that he had a bee in his bonnet, though they acknowledged that it was a working bee. Such unparalleled amenity could only be ex plained by a hankering after popularity, and what made his conduct still more reprehensible was that he gained hia end. Such dereliction from professional practice, it was, however, a comfort to think, must bring its own punish ment. Like the lady who betrayed .the city and was smothered with bracelets, he must pre sently be consumed by the gratitude of his correspondents, and it did in fact consume some hours daily of his precious time. Of Felix Argand even Elizabeth Dart, in the land of the Philistines, had dimly heard ; but only once hal she held in her hand a copy of the Millennium; it was not a sort of periodical to be found in a lady's school, or lying on the drawing-room table of a house like Barrow Hall; and it cost 5s. This was in her case a prohibitive price. Still, she had seen it, had turned over the leaves of an old number exposed on a bookstall, and wished that she had a shilling to spare with which to purchase it. . But the Court of Chancery within her, in the shape of conscience, had sternly decided that the Millennium was not a necessary , but a luxury. She understood the nature of the publication in a vague and imperfect way, much as ehe had learnt that of its editor, and she entertained a sincere admiration for them ' both. Once or twice, indeed, of late years, when stirred by a yearning which has been hinted \- at, she had taken her courage in her hands and sat down to address this unknown frieud, to whose a.tttntiin the luve of literature. w^a said to be a password, but the letter bad never baen 'tent. Tbe very fact i hat hia door was so fre quently on its hinge to all applicants had de tent, d htr. It was not vanity and egotism after all which, under pretence of modesty, ;mptlkd her to join the throng. Bat now, when the matter v\ as no longer a personal one, and this friendly hand might be of some service to another, fhe had no such scruple in « ntieatibg its guidance. She resolvedto apply 'toPblix Aigaijd uu Lehalf of Matthew Mey lick. \- Htr prn, though as well practised in private as a twc-ytar-old lacer, was not so last; it could baidly be called that of a ready writer; though far from fastidious, sfce was never con tent with a good word when a better seemed wanting ; atd f he shrank, above all things, fiom inflicting her tediousness upon any cor respondent. In this case it was essential to be brief, and yet there was so much to say. As to her own judgment of Matthew's talent, she put it aside as though it were worthless; she enclosed two of his poems, the one he had given her, and ' The Children' (of which she obtained a copy from Mary without, how ever, revealing the use to which she. intended to put it), and let them speak for thmselves. But she described in a few touch ing lines the circumstances of the poet, his youth, his poverty, his incurable disease, and the happiness which encouragement from. such - a source would confer upon him; above all things, she pleaded for the truth ; if he thought there was a real promise in the young man's productions jshe entreated him to say so. There were ho compliments (thongh she might conscientiously have used compliments), save .'that implied in her confidence of getting a reply. Being, for a woman, exceptionally reasonable,*she did not expect an answer for some days. She received one, however, at the end of forty- eight hours, in a hand perfectly legible, but which gave the impression of its having run away with the writer. 'Dear Madam,' it ran — ' Tl^e specimens you have sent me of your young friend's muse are full of promise, and even give some performance. I return the MSS. by another post, lest the sight of them, as implying rejection, should unnecessarily disappoint you. The fact is, though tbere is no bar to the admission of verse into its columns, the Millennium has as yet printed none, and ' The Children' is hardly of sufficient merit to lead the van. On the other hand, I thought so highly both of it and its companion poem that I offered them to my friend the editor of the Parthenon, and he has accepted both. One, ' On an Old Harpsichord,' will appear in the next number of bis magazine, and here it is in type. I know from experience that there is nothing like seeing himself in print for encouraging a young author, and I hope this will have the happy effect on your protege' which you seem to expect. On the other hand I need scarcely tell you that his hopes must not be raised too high. His circumstances and opportunites we niust remember, though disadvantageous enough from a practical point of view, have in reality been propitious to the development of this particular talent of verse making. His music is but the echo of the strains of others, and this present poem would never have been written had not Locker sung before him. Nevertheless, whosoever fails to recognise its merits iB incapable of judging such matters. You muBt allow me to add that whatever sympathy I feel for this young man is far exceeded by the interest which has been excited in me by the letter of his introducer. I say nothing of tbe tenderness and good feeling -which prompted it — for editors, you know, have nothing to do with sentiment. I am referring solely to the perfection of its com position, which does you, madam, something beyond credit. , 'The modest silence you maintain upon your own affairs makes it Boitewhat difficult for me to addiess you upon the subject, but I wiBhto ' say that if you have you«elt any desire to join the army of Captain Ptn, the Millennium would be willing at least to favorably consider the application of such a recruit. At all events, I forward the six last numbers of the review for your guidance in such a case. 'I am, madam, yours sincerely, 'Felix Abgand' As Elizabeth Dart read this letter her Iimb3 trembltd, her face grew pale, and her whole being experienced a shock of delight. It was as 11 a dogr had suddenly opened to her into a heavtn of which she had uften dreamt, but wticti'bhe had had to expectation of entering. It setn ed to her that this man had read her very tcu-. The next moment she blushed with thanie at her own involuntary but unaccustomed egotitm. What ought to have given her most pleasure was surely. not the encouragement addret f e3 to herself, but to Matthew. What del'ght — nay, what benefit, would suchgeacious praise afford him ! How enchanted would he be to see his poem ia the PartUeiian. It was evident, however, that Mr. Argand had not inlenced him. to write fur that, but iu his great kindxefs bsd caused a proof to be strusk for bin . How much better tbe little poem read in punt than it had done in the manuscript ! ON AN OLTj HA.KPSI0BURO. Il-s varoish cracked, its paintings scarred, lie d?.'mt j gilding sadly marred, ' And turned to dingv uoibcr, ' _ It ctouda forlorn, a w-2 or stray Ci gloiles; long' since passed away— L An ancitrot piece of lumber. Whit more ? And yet ho w rich it ia, This b&ipsichord; in.jnemories And quaint associations, Eecalling that far lime, waen still ] High birth an* title had their will, And kings were more than nations. When' gallants wore the true grand air— And wl£9 by half a morning's care Made wondrous smooth and sheeny — And, while .**« perfumed pinch they took, Lisped languiu* rhapsodies on Gluok Or maybe on' .nceini. I touch the keys— .*be startled chord Can scarce a weak n'*9ponse afford, That wakes aiow vibration Among- the slackened p'olsied strings, A feeble spell, and yet it brings A magic transformatic^n. An antique aspect veils the ^lace — A we ird oppressive, ghostly gi 'ace That almost makes one treb/ibiF ; / A mystic light pervades the air. Faint footfalls gather on the stair. The belles and beaux assemble. The belles and beaux V Alas, the ghosted Thin shadow? of once reigning toasts, And heroes of the duel. They smile, they chatter, they parade, They ru&tle; jn superb br.cade, They shine with many a jewel. They flirt their fans with pretty airs, They tap their precious tabatier&j.; They smooth their ruffles grandly ; Whilehere and there an exquisite Lets fall his studied stroke of wit, And waits for plaudits blandly. The harpsichord is quavering soon A minuet's slow triplet tune — A courtly powdered couple. ' All forfna] graces, bend and slide. W ith curUits marvellously w.ide, And bows politely supple. The tune is changed— with graceful ease Fair spirit fingers sweep the kevs. A spirit voice is trilling; ' The passionate Chefaro strain : Comes like a half-heard cry of pain From some far distant thrilling. The lights go out ; the voices die ; Among the strings strange tremors fly. That slowly sink to slumber— The harpsichord remains alone A monument of glories done— An ancient piece of lumber. It was an echo, no doubt ; but it was als- f ulL of echoes of that picturesque past which it was intended to portiay. And 'then the writer was out a boy. For the moment she pictured to herself the intense pleasure she would have ia showing him his first-born in its robe of print -r but only for a moment. There was one who would nave a still greater pleasure in so doing, and to her she would delegate that grateful task— Mary Melburn should be the messenger of this good tidings. Chapxee XX.— Good News. The connection between our physical and . spiritual natures is not yet understood, or tonics would not so_ often be prescribed for the dis pirited. Apiece of good- news is often more beneficial to the invalid than all the steel and iron in the chemist's shop. If this troth were accepted it is possible that cheerfulness and . . kindness would more commonly enter into the treatment of those volunteer physicians of the luman race who, to judge by their teaching, know no other specific for .our woes than the patience to bear them ; if it were not, indeed, more easy to preach philosophy than to offer comfort, and especially so infinitely cheaper, it would be surprising that so obvious a remedy should be neglected. Could Felix Argand have been aware of the pleasure his letter and its contents diffused at the |Look-out tie would have thought it worth his while— for to see others happy was a great enjoyment to him —to have journeyed thither to witness it. It pervaded the whole atmosphere of life there lHra a perfume. First, as we have seen, it transported Eliza beth Dart to the seventh heaven, realising — or bringing within measurable distance of realisa tion—what had hitherto been but a dream — : making the merely possible probable, and giving wings to hope, very exaggerated sentiments, it may be thought, to arise in any woman from so slight- a cause. Yet to some natures the opportunity of telling their thoughts to the world is as least as attractive as that of shut- - ting themselves out from it in monasteries aiid nunneries is to others. The impulse is an ex ceptional one in both casss — much more so in the former than in the latter — but when it exists it is very powerful. Sooner or later the swollen, tarn will find, of course, a way for itself ;' but in its mountain home, afar from stream and river, it lies ignorant of this law of ' its being, and welcomes the first outlet with exuberant joy. At the same time nothing* could be more foreign to the character of Elizabeth Dart than that desire of rushinginto .print which, so far from being an exceptional impulse, is now-a- days the, most common form * of vanity. That enterprise, undertaken com monly with so light a heart and solely or chiefly \- with the idea of personal gratification, -was in- - , vested in her eyes with ar certain solemnity and ' a sense of responsibility at which perhaps Mr. Felix Argand himself would have smiled. She felt none of that eagerness for immediate : action which seizes upon most aspirants ior literary fame under Bimilarcircumstances. She was well content to wait, as before ; but not, as before, without reason for the hope— nay, the faith — that was within ner. : ' She was like one who, having' once become assured of her ' lover's affection is in no hurry for its fruition, but is eatisfied with ' a long engagement.' It behoved her now to consider, whether the thoughts tbat had s# often blossomed in her mind, and some of which f he had with more or less of adequacy set down on-paper, would bear transplanting and the open air. Upon the whole her happiness, thongh* very great, was . very sober and subdued. The reception of her good news by Mary— to whom, however, she had only Bhown so much of Mr. Argand's letter as referred to Matthew, was of a very different character. ' How very, very/very good . of you it was. dear Lizzie ! she cried, with sparkling eyes, ' and how like you to have thought of writing to Mr. *What98-his-name about dear Mat ! And how delighted he will be ! How I should like to see his face when he first eees his beautiful poem in print!'9 ' - . . ' You will certinly have that gratification, since it is you who shall show it to him.' ' Oh, Lizzie, that would not be fair!' she -. mm mured hesitatingly ; ' it is you who have . done it all. I am much too stupid to have thought of such a thing,, and much to frightened of editors to have dared^to do it, even if I had thought of it. I wish I was : clever and courageous like you. I wish— ah, how I wish— it was 1 who had done this fur , Matthew!' The tears came into Mary's eyes as she ' uttered this aspiration. ? , ' Lizzie,' she added gravely, 'you are much more worthy of him than I am.' The governess laughed aloud and executed ' sn elaborate curtsey. 'I am well aware, my dear,' she said, 'that you have paid me the highest compli ment that is in your power to bestow; do not, however, work yourself into a state of jealousy, for which, I do assure you, there is ' no ground. What, I suppose, we both- desire is to give your cousin as much pleasure' from ' this occurrence as possible; and as it ft quite clear tbat good news from your lips would foe much better news to him than from mine, from yoms it must come.' ? ? . Then the two girls made a confidante of Mrs. Meyrick. . She was not a -lady much given to literature; but next to David — who pOFeetsed, however, an unfair advantage in leirjg inspired— she had always believed in Matthew as the greatest poet that ever lived. When ehe saw his verses in print she was quite sure of this. Under these circumstances it was creditable that she did not ascribe his success entirely to his own merits. 'You are a dear girl, Miss Dart,' she said* embracing her ; '' most people who had screwed their courage np to make such an application. .' to a stranger would have done so on their own account and not for a poor, crippled boy.' 'I never thought of that,' said. Mary peni tently. 'But I had no 'poem to send,' observed Miss Dart smiling. 'You might have written one if yon had thought of it,' asserted Mrs. Meyrick confi dently, as though a poem was a postscript. It was amazing now small a circumstance had made these three women happy, and also made one of them so dear to tbe others. Presently, Mary tripped Into the pavilion, * where Matthew, as usual, when it was not 'the childien's morning,' was polishing up a poem. ' I am coming to interrupt you,' was her audacions observation. He put his pen aside, with a pleasant smile, and answered, gallantly, 'I wish life were made up of such interruptions.' ' I daresay you do. But I have brought you a present.' 'A present?' . . ' Yes ; you must guess what it is. What is it you would like best in all tbe world V He gazed at her bright face and sparkling eyes with wonder. 'That is a very large order,' he answered playfully. 'I am ntt sure that just now I have it in stock.' *' Think, think,' she went on, with eager excitement; 'what is it that is moat often in yourmii.d? What is the dream of jour life, which you, nevertheless, have been, convinced would ntver be accomplished ?' He shook bis head, but not lite one who gives up a riddle ; there was a Diteous yearn ing in his face which told what he- would like bettoniy too well, since it was. plain thatho ? would ntver git it. Mary was sobered in a. moment. ''Why, Matthew, how dense you are!' ehe; exclaimed in a changed voice. ' Is it not fame that you are always thinkksgafeoat?— and here, it is, or at least the beginnioigof it,' and she*, held out the printed poem. The color rushed^ to the young author^ cheeks. 'WbatisthiB? How comes this about r ? ' Through dear Lizzie Bart. You gave her the MSS., you know, and she sent them to come friend in London, who has put them into the l'atihcno.%.; is it not kind of her t' *. . . 'It is more than kind; butane told me thati : ' the bad no Uteiory friends.' '... '.. '., '..' V. was to a etranger, a Mr, Argaud, ^jj gha wrote, pointing oat how beautiful your poems were, only Hiat you were too modest to think them worth printing, in which younee she. was quite right. ShewHltell yon all about it pre sently, only ehe thought it would give yon greater pleasure because I *m your cousin, and— and— so on, to hear the -first sews from Mne.' - - . ' In which again, as you say, she was quite right,' said Matthew earnestly. 'And don't they look nice in print, Mat; and are you not pleased?' .'enquired Mary hurriedly. ' Yes, yes ; I should beraigrateral indeed,' he raurmnred, and then added inconsequently, ' we cannot expect to get .everything we want in this world.' 'Not at first, of course not; hut, as Lizzie sayBj now that you have once got your foot in, it will be your own fault if yon do not keep the door open;, and the Parthenon is su:h inch-class paper.' \ From the bottom of her heart did Mary wish that her good news had been entrnsied to a more discreet messenger than herself. If it had been Lizzie, or indeed anybody else, Matthew would have thought only of the verses; but those unfortunate 'words she had used, 'What -would you like best in all the world f had drawn his mind away to another subject, which, though well understood by both, it had been tacitly agreed between them should never be alluded to. She would always love him with a love far beyond thit of a sister ; but brother and sister they needs must be. How deplorable it was that he should thus permit himself to repine at the inevitable ! It was eurelymnch harder for her, since in all probability she would outlive him ; and now to bewail his loss, to ignore the relations that \- existed between them — how cruel as well as foalieh it was in him ! Bat no ; his lot, after all, was harder than hers, and her heart smote her for the unuttered reproach. As he turned slowly on bis crutch to the window, and looked put in silence on the grey and gloomy sea, it was an immense relief to her that, when he spoke again, it was upon the matter in hand. ' I have heard something of this Mr. Argand,' he said ; ' he is said to take an ex ceptional interest in yonng. writers.' *' But only, I suppose, -when he sees there is something in them. I don't see why you should depreciate yourself in that way.11 ' lam not, for a wonder, thinking of myself just now at all, Mary. lam thinking of Mr. Argantand Miss Dart.. Here are two people who have gone out of their way — Miss Dart a great deal out of her way, for it must have cost her much to address Vnm1 a total stranger — to do another a great kindness, and here am I, a selfish cripple, doing nothing for others, and always bemoaning myself.' ' Mat, be silent,' interrupted the sirl vehemently. ' I will not listen to you. You shall not say such tilings.' ' 3S'eveitheless, they are true, my dear. Per haps if through this opportunity X shouli get something to do, matters may mend with me in tbis repect. In that case, it will be hard to overate the benefit it will confer nppn me.' The reflection was wise, but unwholesome, because unnatural. Such self -consciousness in one so young could hardly have arisen in a healthy mind. 'And I tell yon what, dear,' he continued gravely, ' there is someone here who has found it out. Someone who is vastly superior to me, though I have been used to think so highly of my own talents.' 'That. as. ridiculous, mere .mock modesty, Mat,' put in Mary ^confidently. 'Mr. Ley- . den is very clever in his way, but his wits are not within 'miles of yours.' ' Iamnotbyacnymean8sureofthat,bntlam rotthinHngofKoger,IamspeakingofMis8Dart. I believe she knows me, -Mary, as thoroughly as -you do; and even better in some ways. \- Under pretence of hearing other people's ideas die suggests them, and reads their characters like a book. Novr, if Mr. Argand could get her to write for him, it is my conviction he would draw a prize.' ' That is just what your mother says,' re plied Mary laughing ; 'and I am very sure lizzie is very talented, and all that) but she is very weak in some things, in which, as I am sure, no really very clever woman could be.' ' '.In what things V 'Well, I am not quite at liberty to say ; . but mamma, 'who has sharp eyes for such \- matters, you know, is quite of my opinion. In particular, I think youaie wrong about Misa Dart being a judge of character.' 'Indeed,', said Matthew .thoughtfully, ' Now that surprises me very much. I mean your mother's having expressed such an opinion of Mies Dart.' 'You think she is wrong,' said Mary, ?' CBliiiDg. 'I am sure ehe is wrong.' . - ' Well, time will show. If it shows you are right, , so much the . better. We shall not grudge iyou jour superior wisdom. Good 'lieaTCSsi \here is Jefferson.' Intrnth, at that moment there appeared on the steps leading, from tike parlor, side by side . -with Mrs. Meyrick, ;the major himself. 'I can't see hinvl can't see him,' exolaimel Matthew; vehemently. . . *fI -am 'not well enough 'this morning to see anybody.' 'And 'jon want a 'nurse,' .said Mary gravely.. '** I -don't think I should bs justified in leaving you for any length of timer-say, inore than Jive minutes.' 'I suppose lie will stay. to luncheon,' sighed Matthew. *' Your mother, of course, will have to ask fcim to do eo. Here we are plotting to evade . an unwelcome visitor -with never a thought for the poor hostess, for whom there is no escape.' ' Immediately, too, alter one of us has made . a solemn' vow to abjure selfishness and lead a new life,' added Matthew penitently. ' How ever, as one must stop somewhere, I suppose, even in a career of perfection, it. is surely. per- rnieabie to draw the line at Jefferson. But I do pity ihe dear toother.' . ' Perhaps she will find somebody, to take him off her hands^*' said ^lary drily. - 'Wfiat, Bihger? Uever! 'He detests him even more than— I mean he has bo . better opinionof him than we have.' . '!N6, TkotBoger. took yonder.' The major, standing on the top step, had suddenly wheeled .found ; and, with beaming sniile, extended bis .hand to Miss Dart, whose face reflected the pleasure in his own. 'Great heavens !' ejaculated Matthew. 'Do you really mean to say ehe likes him S' 'laost certainly she does'; that is what makes me a 'little doubtful. of her intuition. Atfirtt it inede ^mamma' doubtful of Lizzie; tut it is only 'because she .is hoodwinked and infatuated.' 'It is impossible !' ejaculated Matthew. 'It is not only possible, but it is the case,' answered Mary earnestly. ' Nor is it really to be wondf red at. It is difficult for you and me to regard the matter from poor lizzie's point of view.' He -has made himself exceedingly agreeable ever, since she came to as, and he can 'be very agreeable when he pleases; and indeed I really believe, so far as he is capable of affection for anyone but himself, he is actually in love with her.' 'Bnt that makes it . so much worse, I mean for her,' exclaimed Matthew mournfully. ' It is shameful ; it is cruel ! Why have you not opened her eyes to his real character?' 'How littleyou know of our sex,' replied Mary gently. 'That would be the very way to strengthen his position with her. Once or twice I have ventured to throw out -a hint to ier in the most 'delicate manner, but she has instantly darted away from the subject like a £th who sees the line in the sunshine. Don't think me hard on dear Lizzie, Mat, for I like fcer as much as you do ; except for this there is the jnost perfect confidence between us ; bat indeed, indeed, .she must find Jefferson out .forheredf.' (To he continued.) 