The Weird Bird of the Conth Atlantic- As this craft bowls along in the Soath Atlantic a new world seems to open on the voyager. The constellation of the Southern Cross has scarcely become familiar to him before he begins to see animal, or rather, bird,4ife altogether new to him. One of tbe greatest novelties of this kind that ean ever impress itself on the mind of man is the albatross. Some moming the lounger will reach the deck and, casting his eye in the -wake of the ship to judge her speed, will see a speck just above; the horizon far astem< Growing larger and larger as it approaches, "itfinallydevelopes into a gigantiCnird,and the nld sailor, conning the helm, will gruffly suggest the fact that it is proper for the tyxo to wet his first introduction to an albatross. There is something inexpressibly wSrd abont the bird itself, as well as in its manner of flight, and it is a-matter of little wonder to those who have seen it that a brain sach as Coleridge's should have hit upon it for the text of his Lady of the Ancient Mariner. Without a beat of wing, without motion of the body, the bird will,- by long, easy-going tacks, swoop ap from astern until it gets \othin easy watching distance from the ship it chooses to follow. It will then " lay to" at that respectful distance, and, after taking thorough stock of the stranger that has invaded its domain, will, with no apparent effort, swoop past' the ship to port or starboard, as the case may be, pass it by several cable lengths, and then, laying to on the opposite hand to itB advance, allow the ship to pass it, and will then once, more take up its post as. rear guard to tbe'prooession. Nothing can be more ghost-like than the action of the albatross in thus passing or being passed. No stroke of the wing occurs, x and all the motiop apparent, except that, of the almost uninteligible cleaving of theair, -iB the half torn of the bird's head toward the ship, made aB if to see what manner of beast this was that had come to bother it. j Though Bailors are over prone to superstition, they seem not to be very particular as to the sacredness of the albatross, and will always assist in a capture, in spite of the (snrse Coleridge associates withits killing. THE lords and ladies of theEing of Dahomey's court don't wear stockings; therefore It would . be useless for Queen Victoria, to confer the garter upon any of them. They would be apto nee it for a dog collar if she did.—Norr. Herald. , / STATELY old dame (housekeeper), daring absence of the family, showing .the bed Queen Elizabeth slept in. " :'/ " -.ViBisoB.'i jBii bonafiie t ' f - 'yr .-/J DAME ibridlind^l No, sir; .BingliEftl bofrlt,^ SHAXESPEABE remarks that" the'good mendbl is oft interred with their bones." That'insjrj have been the rule in Shakespeare's timei%ut1 the rale nowadays is to print it In the sewspapers and carve it in big letters on the gravestone.—Puck. ' • ' MISTBESS (to applicant)—Yes, I want a nice'I French maid. The last one I had Ionly kept^j a short time, because she couldn't understand English. Freiieh Maid—Ye'll have no thrnbble of that kind wid me, mum, Oi not oqlyunder- Bthand English, bat I spake it, too.—New^ York Sun. •"" "v ;; MOST women value a clear oomplexton, if.. attainable. Helen of Troy is said to have^ bathed daily in wine and mflir to' preserve the""' parity of her silky skin. Cleopatra need various medicated ointments and fragrant' cosmetics to enhance her charmB. ' The bewitching Catherine of Russia habitually washed in strawberry ijoiee; while strange: and grim tales ate told about the preparation 1 of the 'mysterious, baths Ninon L'Enclosis supposed to have indulged in. Oar fair sex j are leas luxurious in these days, and TraJfindg that ladies who value a transparent ^rbitel skin, a delicate, complexion, : in which the ' tint of the TOSQ is softly blended with the snowy hue of tbe lily, are now being advisedi by an eminent authority on the art o! keep-^ ing beautiful forever, to frequently apply thai end of a raw potato to the face and neck ; tby^ gentle xabbing. Aftier nfcjbing,- the face -iu<l-I neck should be washed, and gentle friotion to follow. Ladies are ^strongly ^ _ always kceji a raw potato on the waBhBtanl;^ One great advantage the' potato possess over many other skinbeautifiers seerus ^ to be its exceeding cheapness, as one !potote| can be ased over and over and overajgaih^] since it is only necessary to rembve a r little < of| the outer surface and to pare off a thhx & before applying tbe freshly cat surface. A GOOD story is told of a prominent member ! of society who has a habit of tying a imok inf her pocket handkerchief when ehe wic3ies ^to? fix anything in her mind which mn^t be ift^ tended to. She flirtation on a certain occaoon, .ahd'to^^^rl abstraction dropped her floor. This was noticed by' her hostess, endeavoured to break hp the SM&tion; by : inviting her guest into another .part house.' As the latter xoee frc^her«h&ir;«ba]; stooped and picked Jap her handl^rchu^| noticing, as she did so, the knot tied in: one'i corner. "Whathave I iorgotten'to^da; ~ eba asked audibly. " That yoh have band," replied the hcetess.jfory ;mi repeated, and the lady. who Is ^ JiiiSwnm [ nember of the diplomatio inr^,ipaii»y i: '*' ' ! - [ S ^ S S S ^ ^ ^ ^ 