CHAPTER XYI. ft is little more than forty-eight hours after burying our dead, that the final blow falls. I am sitting beside the dining-room fire, listlessly looking into its depths, and thinking halt-bitterly, half regretfully of Norton Fowler's share in my past, thinking what oomfort I might have derived from his love during these dark, dark days, had he been true to his better nature, when the chief sud denly enters, bis face ghastly and horror strioken, and tosses to Ag, whoso presence I had been almost oblivious of, a telegram form. " Misfortnnes never oomo singly I" he groans, striding out of the room, without another word ,ind shutting himself into the den, as a slam of the door proclaims. v : " What is it, Ag?" I ask apprehensively, noting the sudden awful horror that dilates her eyes, and blanohes her cheeks, " What is it ?" I repeat in. impatient agony, half-fright ened by her stony anguish. Onoe, twioe, she tries to speak, but in vain, The.tbird time the one word "Freddie" makes itself heard. Its utterance seems to break the spell, and mechanically she hands me the paper, but I turn from it with a shudder, remembering the one I got at San nyside. " No, tell me,—Is she ill ?" I cry, fearing I know not what. . "111?—worse I" shudders Ag, bowed and broken-looking. .." Worse.?—not dying 7 oh, not dying I It cannot be I" " Dead 1" and with the word, she falls on her knees beside me, and, with her arms around mo and hor head in my lap, she breaks into a storm of sobs that terrify, and, taken in conjunction, with her terrible news, be wilder me totally., Dead I can it bo possible ?—she, our bright, beautiful, beloved sister—dead I I could laugh aloud at the thought, in my disbelief. That young, vigorous, beautiful life out short 1 that gay, sweet voloe hushed, those sunny eyes sealed tor ever I and all her new-born wealth of mother-love and wifely- worship duad with her 1 .0, baby Bruoe; poor, little motherless waif 1 I oould almost hate yon in the first heat of our new fire of ailliotion I Is it any wonder that he, your Borely-striken aire, should shrink, for a time from the sight of your sweet innocent face, knowing that your birth has oost his darling's life ? God oom fort him, and guide thee, poor babe—so an oonsoious of thy loss 1 ' For nearly twenty minotes Ag olings, weeping wildly, to me, deaf to my soothing words, insensible to all my oar esses, then gradually she grows oalm, and turns com forter for the benefit of the rest of us; first telling me the substance of the telegram. Jt is very brief, simply conveying the sad and promising particulars by the first mail. , - .Taken away from the evil to oome." Mrs. Sutherland's words recur to as both, and gratefully we thank God that she was spared this crushing blow. Even as we dwell npon those strangely prophetic syllables, Mrs, Sutherland arrives, her own grief swallowed up in the greatness of her sympathy, tor us. •But why dwell upon the long weary hoars of sad waiting that follow ? or even npon the contents of poor Lex's heart-broken letter?— tbey, indeed, are too saored to be lightly ex posed to every eye. Enough that it is too true,—that dreadful telegram,—that she, the flower of the family, the pride and joy of her husband's, heart is truly nndet the sod— hidden from our earthly eyeB tor ever. She had never reoovered her strength after her baby's birth, seeming at first to do well, then, gradually, fading away, wasting to a skeleton almost, so thin and weak, but to the last, sweet and unselfish, cheering him with 'confident aBsuranoes of their future meet ing. Last messages she sent us all, bidding as specially be good to her "boys," for her sake, and advising Lex to leave New Zealand, where he had neither kith nor kin, and re turn to his old home. But that neither duty nor inclination will sanotion at present. The land that holds her dust, is dearer to him than even the land of parents, home, and friends, and for her little one's sake he must not lightly resign the post that means independence, and eat the bread of idleness; for there is no opening for him in 8—, nor much prospeot of there being one.. Besides, in work, ho oan best forget his loss, ho tells us, and work he does —so hard that he knocks himself up most pronouncedly, find three or four months later finds himself ctJered home on siok leave for three months,. There I liad him looking the ghost 01 the old time Lex, poor fellow I when I_ return for the Christmas vacation, for I had insisted on going back to my work at Camborough, des pite the mute entreaties of Ag'u wistful eyes, and the ohief's suggestion to relinquish There was nothing for me to do at home in our diminished household, as I told them, and I must have something to fill my thoughts, and take me out of myself. Reluctantly, they had consented at last to my continuing it for another year, hoping then, I might resign it of my own acoord. My Sunnysido friends had met mo on my return with a genuine sympathy that tried my control sorely, and vied with eaoh other in their kindness to me. Nance I find quite reoovered, apd looking health and beauty personified, She has at length consented to "namo the day," and, rather to Mr. Alexander's disgust, has fixed it for no less distant a date than St. Valen tine's day, that being also her birthday. Slowly the weeks pass by, despite all I can do to make tbem fly—working bard during Bohool hours, and harder stilly study ing for matrioulation in my epare time, for in study now I find forgetfulnesa and calm. Twice a week I go into 0— for lessons and it is on one of these oooaBions that, on leaving my tutor's residenos and calling for letters at the post, I reoeive the following prcoious epistle. Fernlea, Tuesday evening, My deah Miss DoNBAn, Lat my anxiety to render you the full ex planation that is your due plead for my presumption in thus addressing you, and in justice to yourself do not act upon what will most probably be your first impulse, and return thiB unread. Do not think for a moment I mean to make excuses for myself, or try to gloss over my vile conduct. Let that stand in all its black,cowardly treachery, it will the sooner quench the last spork_ of your regard, supposing that even one remains, and to forgot me is the wisest thing you can do now. Aye, forget me, forget that I ever entered you life, though, till my dying day, I shall cherish a fond rememberance of your every word and look. • I love you too well to wish you to preserve even the faintest memory of me, for remembrance must mean aught but happiness or pleasure in this case, and you have had your share of sorrow and pain ol late—may the future recompense you amply for the past. • But to oome to the point. I deem it only right to tell you that as deeply as I loved you when I asked you to become my wife, I love you still, mora deeply on the principle that forbidden fruit gains in sweetness; the unattainable beoomes all-dosirablc I Prom the first hour I met you and fell under the spell of your loveliness, till the present moment, my passion has been a part of my lifo, and will be till I oease to exiBt. Does thiB horrify your sense of right? my loving one woman with all my soul, and perjuring myself to gain another's gold. " The love of money is the root of all evil," truly, nowa days as of old, and with N. P., especially. Fioturesque poverty I oan form no concep tion of. Penury is my pet antipathy, and to be hard up with others depending on me— the thought is enough I I should desert them or oommit suioide. Am I painting myself plainly enough ? It is not a sweet pioture, is it ? No, the change is not in you, but in my altered oiroumstanoeB. As the manager of Fernlea, I had a comfortable home, if not a luxurious one, to offer my wife, but as Norton Fowler, minus position and prospects, existence on a pound a week, perhaps, to share. My marriage will be purely a bargain —the rent-roll of Lillioa for my youth and good looks, my bride eleot tells me. I may flatter myself on the possession of the latter without vanity, and for youth—I am only twenty-eight in years, but thrioo that in worldly-wise foresight, eh ? Have I said enough to make you loathe and despise me even as I despise myself ? In one way I hope so, but despise me, forget me if you will, yet pity me a little, too, for, villain and ooward as I am, my punishment is hard to bear. Tied for life to a woman I do not even profess to love, who bores and irritates me every hour of the day, thrioe her wealth could not reconcile me to my loss of your sweet self. Who would envy me ? Perhaps the—" But hero oontempt and disgust get the better of me, and crunching the paper into a ball, I thrust it into my pocket with angry vrehemenoe. , 11 Miserable wretoli I" I mutter to myself, " it would serve him right to send it to his ' bride eleot' as he oalls her, but between her infatuation and his laok o J conscience, he'd oonvinoo her it was a forgery." ">Vbat's the matter, Dot? something has upset your serenity, " Nance's voice breaks in on my soliloquy, as I near the gate of her mothet'd cottage. Drawing her into her own : room I give her the letter with' a curt— '•Itsad that." Puzzled, but obedient, she does so, and T watch hor face with its lightning ohanges of expression while she reads. Surprise, oontempt, indignation, diBgUil chase eaoh other aoroBS it, and oonflrm my own opinion. "Well?" I say sharply, as she silently hands it baok. " Don't speak of him, Dot, he's beneath your notice, she advises gently, then, curi osity proving stronger than her resolve, " When did he propose, dear ?" " The day he drove me down in his dog cart." " And you—" " Said1 yes,' after a week's consideration. But enough of him Nance. I wish the widow joy of her bargain." "You are well rid ol him, dear; don't regret him." "I don't now. That letter oared me," 1 laugh, bitterly. "When does the wedding take plaoe, NanoeS" " Next Thursday, I heard yesterday." "InO-?" "Yes, at thoEnglish ohnroh." " Thursday—that is fete day, is it not ?" " Yob, or to quote the 0— Newt, our ' An nual Athletio Sports.'" "And a sohool holiday! Nance, I mast get in for it." : ' ■ "The/cfe?" " No, the wedding." "Dot, do you mean to make a death's head of the feast ?" " I mean to make Norton Fowler see my mania is over." "As you please, ma there. The ohuroh will be crowded, I think, for it's to be a grand affair as dress goes, 'though only intimate friends are invited. He wanted a private wedding, Mrs. Raynor told me, but she insisted cn asking hor hundred and one particular friends, and being married in the churoh." "Wiso woman, after paying so muoh for him, why shouldn't she exhibit him ?" " Oynio t are we to be present then ?" " And witness tho saorifioe—yes." " Oan you calmly look on it ?" " Wait and see—I think so." <• Bo up in good time then, we mustn't be late," she Bays, as the buggy ooraes round to the gate. m " All right," I promise, as I follow Mrs. Arcroft out to it, Htopping a moment to nay good-bye to Mrs. Stair. "In time for what, DA?'' aski Mtf. Aroroft, as we bowl along. " Mr. Fowler e wedding on Thursday." V Ob, you heard of it, then ?" curi ously. " Yes, and I want you to drive mo in to see it," I say, coaxingly. " Gold won the day after all, Dot?" she ventures, in half-tender, half- sarcastic tones, " I hope he may be as happy as lie deserves. It's a pity, for his sake, you hadn't a ' Lillica' to take him to." "And a blessing for mine," I laugh. " That sounds like sour grapes, eh ? but it's not. Like' Lidy Clare,' I want to be loved for' ray owu true worth.'" " I'm glad to hear it, Dot," eho says earnestly, " I should never forgive myself if I thought that by making him bo welcome always, I had helped him to deceivo you at all," " Never think that, dear Mrs, Arcroft. I was deceived in bim for a time, I candidly confess, but my eyes are open now, and I resign bim to the widow without a regret." " That's good news to me, and in gratitude for it, I promise to drive yon in to see the knot tied, if all's well." She is as good as her word, and Thursday morning finds ua, on the stroke of eleven, Bimmering in the crowded ohuroh, waiting for the wedding party. Three, four, five minutes pass, then the carriages dash np to the ohuroh, and a moment later the bride enters on her brother's arm, his faoe expressing the dis approbation he feels. She is fearfully and wonderfully resplendent in ruby brocade, the bodioe fitting her substantial figure with a tightness suggestive of an explosion, with a blaze of diamonds at her throat, ears and wrists, and in her bair. Entering by another door her bridegrom advanoes, and meets her at the oommunion, in front of the old olergyman. Handsome and self-possessed, he goes through bis share of the solemn servioa with outward indiffer ence. " Till death do us part." As the words fall on my ears I reoall bia written ones— "Tied for life to a woman I do not even professto love," and I wonder if he remembers them too. The ceremony ever, he makes no effort to toil the "best man's" determination to obtain the iirsfc kisp, but coolly drawing his wifb'd arm through his, leads her to the vestry $ Then the crowd slowly files, out so slowly that Nano3 and I are only emerging from our pew as the bridal party re-appear, and my funereal figure in it's deep mourning is the first thing they see. That be sees it the dart re! flush that dyes hiB faoe deolareB, and bis eyes fall before mine, but only for a moment; then, bowing slightly, be hurries on, After the breakfast the "happy poir," start for Sydney, where they spend the honey moon. And thus ends that ohapter of my life. 