AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL; Lnst ovening Schiller's celebrated historical drama "Mary Stuart" was rovivod at this thontro for three nights only with groat success. It is 86 years ago this year smca this tragedy first appeared. "Maria Stuart" carno between " Wallenstein " and " Dio Jungfrau Von Orleans," aud was produced iu 1800. Tho subjoot has the importance of a grand national orisis, in which tho strongest inlluoncos that affect humanity were struggling for tho inastory. Tho splendour and picturesqueness of tho past forms tho hack ground of Schiller's piny, and in front of this great, glowing, gorgeous canvas of romantic rhetoric and lofty poetic rmipsodv, stand tho figures of two women-repre- sentative, us it were, of tho two halves of tho world. Two women, who toro thnt world asunder lu their day, and kept all Kurope astir with their deadly conflict, and who havo handed down to posterity tho same unondingstruggle, and stnud opposed at this present moment two haughty shades with a hundred unsolved questions between them, oxciting men's pussions and disturbing thoir trua judgments, though it is ihrno centuries sinco ono of them died proudly In tho height of hor lifo and gouius, and tho othor in tho desolation of royalty and old ago. Tho loading diameter is, and has long been, a favourtto role willi foreign artistes, ltaehol played it in French, lUstori in Italian, and Helena Modjeska In English. The impersonation of Signora Majerom is a remarkably clover ono. Dy ninny and exquisite touuhes she gives prominence to tho softer elements in Mary's character- tho traits by which thc poet, hus represented har winning tho chivalrous lovo of such a funntic ns Mortimer. Her bearing when tho haughty Queen comes faco to fuco with Eng- land's Elizabeth, und cannot nt lirst bond her knee to her successful rival, was most telling, and sho conducted tho wholo of tho quarrel sceno with must admirable art. At tho vory outset of tho play Sipioru Majerom strikes tho keynote of tho poet's melody by tho stress she lavs on Mary's shrinking from tho thought that Darnloy's ghost is abroad, and will not rest until her orimo is expiated. When power nnd emotion aro demanded of her, Signora Majoroui is novor found lacking, and sho is always impressive ; but sho does not merge her personality in tho very torrent, tempest, and mighty whirl- wind of intense passion. She subdues tho expression of passion lo tho limitations of her idiosyncracy, und restrains the obstruct within tho scope of tho personal. Signora Mujeroiii wns well received, and her creation, which in many points would not suttor by comparison with her illustrious predecessors, wns watchod with interest and rewarded with well-deserved npplnuso throughout tho play. Miss Bintullia Lewis worked earnestly ns Quoon Elizabeth, and tho company woro fairly adequate in tho other characters. On Saturday will bo produced for the first time in Sydney a new and original comedy entitled " Only Dust," in which Signor Mnjeroni, Signora Majoroui, und Mr. J. lt. Greville will appear. 