OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. The Melbourne Young Men's Christian Association has commenced a course of " Literary and social evenings." Tea is provided by some friend of the Y.M.C.A., after which comeB a short paper, preceded and followed by music. I had the pleasure last night of being present at the second of the course. The Hon. C. J. Hann, M.L.C., was host on the occasion. Mr. J. H. Davies, M. A., Principal of Caulfield Grammar School, read a very good paper on Colonial and Imperial Federation. The musical programme was excellent, and a very pleasant evening was spent. These literary and Bucial evenings promise to do a good deal towards binding together in fraternal union the members of the Y.M.C.A., and are to be credited as a good idt-a to the new secretary, Mr. W. A. Southwell. The same night that the Y.M.C.A. met, the Y.W.C.A. w»s holding its annual business meeting for the election of officers. At this also I was privileged to be present. The Melbourne Y.W.C.A. is blessed with two excellent sisters—(sisters in every sense of the word), Miss S. C. Booth, the lion, secretary, and Miss E. W. Booth, the general secretary. It has been now three years in existence, does a good deal of Bibleclass and other public work, and a good deal also quietly in surrounding new arrivals with kindly home influences. It has lately started a circulating library ; and its frieuds look forward to the day when it shall have a building of its own. All the while at the Y.M.C.A. meeting, and the Y.W.C.A meeting, I was haunted by THE GHOST OF ALEX. WALKER. I remember well the whole style of the man, as I met him for the first time at the recent Intercolonial Y. MC.A. Conference; his face, wearing that hunted look which I have BO often noted in offenders, rises continually before me. In nothing, perhaps, is it harder to " judge righteous judgment" thau in cases like these. On the one hand we want to carry out the Scottish bard's Christian injunction to " Gently scan Your britlier man." On the other hand we do not wish to " regard persons" in judgment. There does not eeem at first sight any reason why we should show more pity for the man who, occupying a position above the reach of pressing need, steals money by hundreds of thousands of pounds than we should for the vulgar footpad who forcibly appropriates the contents of a passer-by's purse. What excites compassion is, no doubt, the contrast between the " respectable" offenders' position in prison and that of the professional pickpocket. To the former, prison is a place of real punishment; to the latter it may be rather a haven of refuge than otherwise. While, however, we wish to temper mercy with justice in our estimate of every offender, it would be a very unrighteous proceeding to omit from our consideration the extent to which the guilt of offenders like Crooks and Walker is increased by the confidence reposed in them, and the responsibility devolved upon them. As we reckon it noble to honour a trust reposed, it must be base to betray it. Furthermore, men like those named above must have known how largely their downfall would affect not individuals only, but Christian institutions. That knowledge adds greatly to their guilt. I said a word in my last about EARLY CLOSING. You will have heard of the rows, almost riots, which have taken place in Collingwood in connection with our new Act. Immense crowds assembled, windows were smashed, assaults made upon shopkeepers, and so on, until the determined attitude of the police put an end to the demonstrations. Now I see that the Government, having given the shopkeepers time to comprehend the Act and obey it, intend to prosecute any shopkeepers who defy it. I think they did very well to put down unlawful early closing before proceeding to promote lawful early closing. Yesterday afternoon a number of the municipal councils met for conference on this vexed early closing question, and passed a resolution by 16 votes to 7 that a uniform plan should be adopted in regard to closing after the hours allowed by the Act, and that the hours fixed should not be later than 10 p. in. on Saturdays, and 8 p.m. on other days. The City Council representatives refrained from voting. The interest in early closing was, I think, the leading sensation a few days ago, but it has somewhat declined lately in favour of the New Hebrides agitation. This has been well BUBtained in the country, and on Monday next we have a city meeting in the Town Hall. There are not, perhaps very many points of likeness between the Australian natives and the fathers of the Presbyterian Church. In this matter, however, they are working very cordially together. The natives reBent the annexation of the islands by France mainly on patriotic grounds ; the Presbyterians, doubtless, ou these grounds, but also because so much Presbyterian toil and money have been spent on missionary work there, and the advent of French sovereignty would certainly be the destruction of the Protestant mission work. The teetotallers are never long without texts supplied by the daily papers wherefrom to preach on THE EVILS OF THE DRINK TRAFFIC. ThuB, I see this week two deaths, one from alcoholic poisoning; the other froiu Bright's disease, the result of dissipation. At the same time 1 read of a publican being fined £5 for allowing disreputable characters to assemble in his home ; of several fines for Sunday trading ; and of a conviction (£10 with £2 2s. costs) for selling bad spirits. No wonder people go mad and die of horrible diseases when BO many unscrupulous drunkard-makers are at work. Teetotallers have some cause to be gratified at the spread of the Coffee Palace movement. Mr. Mirams has floated a company to build the " Federal Coffee Palaoe,'' which is to cost £80,000, or thereabouts, without reckoning land, furniture, etc. Now Mr. Munro has bought the Grand Hotel and will turn it into " The Grand Coffde Palace," under tjbe management of " The Grand Coffee Palace Coy." " The Grand " building costs £60,000. It has 156 bed-rooms, and (according to its name) will be the grandest of Coffee Palaces as yet established in the city. Talking of Mr. MiramB reminds me that his friends have just presented him with a handsome service of plate. It cost, I believe, about £150 He deserved it; for he worked very hard for his party, and was ungratefully treated in being turned out. The case of THE BET. JESSrB CAREY has excited a good deal of interest here. The Ballarat West Circuit, to which he was appointed, were annoyed at the action of Conference in not sending a young man, and in putting the man they had chosen for second minister down as third man. They resolved, therefore, to give the third man a second man's Balary and Mr. Carey a second man's salary. Mr. Carey resented this humiliation by declining to go to Ballarat, and resigning his position in the WeBleyan ministry. I do not see how the Ballarat people's action can be justified ; but I do not think that on the ground of Buch differences a man should leave the denomination in which he has spent a great part of his life. TYPHOID CONTINUES ITS RAVAGES. Eighteen cases were reported the other day. Meanwhile the Central Board of Health does its best to put down causes of disease. I observe two prosecutions (successful) lately ; one against a flock- mill proprietor ; the other again&t; a private individual for not filling up an offensive water-hole. The revenue returns for the quarter ending March sustain the Treasurer's estimates, and the financial year is likely to close with the calculated balance of £51,067. The laBt quarter's returns are £1,681,364. If the next quarter reaches £1,500,000, it will reach the Treasurer's estimate for the year, which waa £6,285,308. These are two societies in which you are interested, and which have just held their annual meetings. The first is the British and Foreign Bible Society. This closed the year with a balance of £70. It sent on purchase account to the parent society £700, and as free contributions £308. The recently appointed Victorian agent for the society is the Rev. C. S. Y. Price, who is working very hard to remove the apathy which appears hitherto to have characterised the Victorian public in relation to this society. The next society is The " Improved Dwellings and Lodging House Company." This has been two years in existence. Since its opening in July 1884, it has furnished 140,677 sixpenny beds ; 8,334 beds at nine-pence ; and 13,365 at one shilling, (total 162,376 beds). This is exclusive of furnished bedrooms (116,) let at five shillings per week. The company haB.now surmounted initial difficulties, and is upon a paying basis. It affords to the deserving po<>r really good accommodation at a very cheap rate. In addition, it offers the advantages of social life, for there is an attractive " Gordon Club " in connection with it, which has a library and piano, and gives concerts. The club is self supporting. THE REV. J. MOUNTAIN and Mrs. Mountain are at present in Victoria. I understood that they will shortly pay a visit to your colony. They have had a very successful mission at the Kew Congregational Church, and are just now conducting one at the Congregational Church, Williamstown. I was present last night at one of the Williamstown meetings. Notwithstanding the inclement night, there was a good attendance, and I suppose between 40 and 50 inquirers remained. They were moBtly young people. Mrs. Mountain dealt with the female inquirers in one room, and Mr. M. with the males in another. They are exceedingly quiet evangelists. One wonders where the power is, but power there must be, however quiet its manifestation. Mr. Mountain appears to have a marvellous influence over children and young men. The way in which he gathers children into a choir and gets them to behave and sing his hymns is surprising. He is quite a musician, uses hymns set to his own music, and plays the accompaniments on the cabinet organ. I hear Mr. and Mra. M. are likely to receive many invitations in Victoria. Their BerviceB are calculated to do great good. 