RACING NOTES. By PEGASUS, Summer weather seems to be with us at last in good earnest, and it is to be hoped all our Christmas and New Year's meetings will be brought off successfully. I may take this opportunity of wishing my numerous readers the compliments of the season, and also of express ing the hope that by this time next year the ranks of our Queensland horse owners will be recruited by some more of the right sort, and that our races will not be almost entirely left to the mercy of those who make a business of what should be a sport and an amusement. Various complaints as to the working of the totalisator at Tattersall's Meeting have come to hand. I do not know whether there is any regulation concerning torn tickets, but, after the hurdle race, I hear that some who had Dyua mite tickets tore them up, not thinking of the plot est. The holders of such tickets, so long as the pieces were not torn beyond recognition, should certainly receive payment, for such mistakes ought not to be allowed to swell the profits of the lessee of the machine. While, however, on the subject of the totalisator I would suggest to our leading clubs to have one machine reserved as a place totalisator. in England place betting on all the principal races is extremely popular, and the sporting papers quote the place odds as a matter of course just the same as they do the odds against winning outright. Here our bookmakers give us short enough odds about winning, and a place book would be out of the question, but the totalisator might very well but the gap. Many cautious individuals would prefer to back a horse for a place, and instead of investing £1 would often invest £5 Others, I again, would back a horse to win and also save themselves on a place, and thus the amount of money put through the machine would be enormously increased On the large races the totalisator might pay on 12 3, and on the smaller events on 1, 2 only. This would, of course, necessitate a larger staff to work the machine, but it would be an undoubted improvement, as it would be highly popular with investors, and at the same time more remu- relative to the club. The Tweed River races have, owing to the wet weather, been postponed till February, the course being knee deep in mud. I am sorry to see that the imported stallion Arccsilaiw died last week at Grafton He was the property of Mr C J. Tindal, of Ramornie. The cause of death is said to be organic heart disease. From the Townsville He said I take the following -" Mr. H Fuller, the well known bookmaker, has purchased the racehorse Major from Mr. Cassidy, of Mungulla, Herbert River, for £250 Major, who is an excellent performer, was bred by his late owner, and is by The Drummer out of a son pedigree mare. It is more than probable that before long Mu j or will make his debut one of the Southern racecourses Among the entries for the Boxing Day meeting of the Townsville Turf Club there are several names of horses now to the Townsville course namely, Huron, 1 action, Jack Ashore, Ned of the Hills, Want wood, and Caledonian Huron, who was purchased in Melbourne by Mr. A. J Madden, of Cooktown, is a br c , 4 yrs by Powhattan Mayfly, and has already performed creditably, his performance being in the Selling Race of 150 sovs at Rio V. R C Spring meeting, which he won easily, beating Ellington, Stafford, The Ghost, and others at even weights. Jack Ashore, from the same stable as Huron, has not performed very creditably in the North, distance not being his forte Wantwood, a four year old colt by Rapid Bay -Richmond Belle, is well enough bred for anything, but up to the present he has not won much for his owner (Mr. E Dyne) Ned of the Hills, an aged gelding, who is nominated by Mr. Strickland, is by Pride of the Hills (a champion winner) out of Euterpe-, and I notice that last season, though he started several times in Victoria, his only win in that colony was the Benalla Hurdle Race of 15 Sovs , which he won carrying 10st. 4lb Caledonian, who belongs to Mr AG Strickland, is an aged gelding by Horatio out of Countess, and is also in the jumping line, his last appearance in Victoria being in the steeplechase at the Autumn Meeting of the V R C in which he was unplaced, carrying list 4lb , the winner being Lady Ashton with list. 10lb up Fiction as a ch g by Grandmaster, and is owned by Mr Monahan " From this it seems that our Northern friends are indefatigable in buying good stock from the Southern colonies It is to be hoped that Mr Strickland, the owner of Ben Bolt, will have good fortune with his latest purchases I am in receipt of the programme of the Northern Downs J C New Year's meeting, which will take place at Dalby on 1st and 3rd January. The prizes are but small, the boat being the New Year Handicap of 25 Sovs , over a mile and a half, a Selling Stakes of 20 Sovs and the lying Handicap of 15 SONS, I mile. The nominations for the two handicaps are due on the 23rd instant, weights on the 28th, and acceptances on the 31st, which is also the day of general entry. I have no doubt that our Dalby friends will have good sport. In a short account of our recent Tattersall's Races in the Melbourne Sportsman, the writer says -"My Love is now nominated in the name of Mr. A Innes " There is a great mistake here, and no one will be more surprised at this than Mr Finnie, the owner of All Love The black mare should from her pedigree and performances prove a veritable gold mine at the stud if mated with a good horse, and I think it is hardly likely that Mr H mule would part with her except for a very valuable consideration. A young Scotch laird, Mr. Wedderburn, bids fair to cast into the shade the most daring achievements of the late Marquis of Hastings Captain Scott, and other notorious "plungers' (lays the World) Amongst the boys he Did last week were twenty ' mi)nkoyn"on Ormonde (whose proper price was 100 to 15) 5000 to 500 on Pono (exactly double), and 2000 to 4000 on Kiiuiutz, and 5000 to 100 on Giaudisou He won the first two, but lost the others, and was £6000 " out" on the balance From our Southern hies I see that at a recent meeting of the committee of the AJC it was decided to add a sum of £1400 to the Autumn Meeting of the club. The Sydney Cup will have £1000. instead of £500, added to it in future. The days of racing have also been altered in connection with the Autumn Meeting. The St. Leger will be run off on Saturday, 9th April, Cup Day on the Tuesday, and the concluding days on Thursday and Saturday The disqualification has been removed off Mr H. Oxenham's recent purchase, Enfield. The Maryborough races, judging by all accounts seem to have hardly resulted in a success financially, as the attendance of the public is said to have been small. Very fair fields appeal to have contested the various events, in the most important of which, the Midsummer and Christmas handicaps, Phoenix, the Australian Plate winner, had to strike his flag to Wothorondalo. I am sorry to see that in the Christmas Handicap Mazurka and Tam o' Shanter struck a post and were injured. I do not know anything of the last named, but Mazurka is one of our most promising youngsters, and I trust she will not be incapacitated from racing for any length of time. A curious fact in connection with the Cam- bridgeshire Stakes Is mentioned in the English papers Silver, who was a great favour for this race, and also for the Cesarewitch, was supposed to have been frightened by the big field, and, consequently, ran in the Cambridge- shire in blinkers It is found out now that he stops dead when pricked with the spurs. This was discovered neiden tally at exercise, and of course if that is his habit on the training track it will fully account for his defect in the actual race, I myself believe more races are lost by the spurs than through the injudicious use of the whip, and that is saying a good deal. In another column will be found a list of the races, taken from the Times, won by the Duke of Westminster's Ormonde, He is certainly the most successful racehorse of modern times, and has won more money than any of his most famous predecessors His total winnings up to date amounted to £24,8 10s. I omitted to mention last week that Mr. John Thompson, the well known Sydney pen filler, has promised to give a cup, value 100 guineas, to our Tattersall's Club for their next December r meeting The Sydney Tribune is responsible for the following -' Mr. J, H G. Pountney, who presides as director in chief over the Queensland Turf Club, has issued the programme for his autumn race sing of 1887, the dates for which are 21st and 24th May. The principal races are Maiden Handicap, 300 sovs ; St. Leger, 150 Sovs ; Nui a ry Handicap, 200 sovs.; and Brisbane Cup, 500 Sovs and the added money totals the very enticing sum of £2050. Entries for the two big events are to close on 15th March, and the minor ones remain open till 3rd May." We go from home to hear news, as the directorship is entry day unknown here, and the members of the club were certainly under the idea that the committee had still some duties to perform However, the source from which the Tribune obtains the director in chief" business and "his" Autumn Meeting must be very untrustworthy. In the Jockey Club Cup run at Newmarket, St. Gatien wound up his turf career with a victory over Melton. An English sporting writer says that Melton would have made a better fist of it if sober, but it appears that before the race he was treated to a stiff nobbler of whisky and water. Tom Cannon, who rode him, declared that it was too strong and that the horse was quite drunk at the finish. The Australasian has the following -"For years the Australian Jockey Club has with bulldog tenacity stuck to a rule which has made it the laughing stock of the racing men of other colonies. It is that which governs maiden horses. Years ago, after The Barb had won the Melbourne Cup, Champion Stakes, as, he returned to New South Wales, and won a maiden plate. It was in the written rules that he could do so, and his owner only acted in accordance with the law. The retention of the rule caused adverse criticism from every side, but though the rule was slightly altered it was never altogether repealed, and horses can still win races and then run for maiden plates. Every turf man with anything like correct ideas will be had to hear that Mr.. S. A, Stephen intends to make an effort to alter this state of affairs, for he has given notice that at the next annual meeting of members he will propose an amendment of the rule which will prevent any horse but a maldon at time of starting running for a maiden plate. Mr. Griffiths will mivo -That members shall have the light of entry to the official stand, excepting such portions as may necessarily be reserved for weighing, committee rooms, sec ,' and Mr. Walter Hall has given notice of the following new rule -' Members elected after the 1st January, 1887, shall pay an entrance fee of five guineas.' The Hon. W. A. Long has several motions in his name." 