Woman Iteme. Myra Kfinble it losing her power, Scarlet stockings will produce eceena. ] Bed hair ia every day becoming more fashionable* It is wot* by several. Madam# Jsnausehcck has allcw»d an artist to tfcotrgrapk Set jtit re she is, wriakl«, freckle* led all. She Is evidently going rat of he* mind. ? ??' . There ia a horse 'thief in Camden *aol, Arkansas, who nameieleven women, all alive, towhem hs his been|much married within the past few jrMrs. Poor man 1 The following clumsy joke appears m the Neon ' Women, they cay, always have tbc last word. Is Mrs. J. O. Neild tke ezceptfon that proves the rule.' The aext time the Jfetma wanta to excel itself, let it remember thejaeighboar s wood-heap. Four female medical students were fa moved fcy force recently fross an operating room at Boston, whither they had forced 'tke® selves whem the snrgeens were cutting up a men. Tbey wouldn't go, and ao they were [removed. They've since ont np|roagh akeut il.' Not bo dusty for one who, being a woman, never gained jary experience as a mimber: 'If you didn't wear a wig I'd like to pull your hair fer you, yon nasty thing.' And thie was said to a feminine stealer of hearts, justly proud of her Sorjus raven looks, ten years younger than the bald eaded speaker. A youngster asked hia bereaved father's housekeeper what a miracle was like. The plump and demure one replied ' that he'd know byana bye.' Thejfollowing dsy he burst breathlessly into her room with a howl of delight :fl' Ah I Miss Sly game, I know what a miracle is. Aunt Sally says that if you don't marry myljpa, 'twill bo a a miracle.' ? ? A little four-years old 'plagued his father incessantly tho other day on| an exciting tonsorial Eroblem. The youngsters dad had a head as ighly-polished as a oilliard-ball, and the twin marble-loot ing sphere rested on the |ihoulders ot a . visitor paying attention, presumably matrimonial, to the little chick's maiden aunt: ' Dad,' said the baby, ' what makes no hair on that cove's head T' Dad : ' Hush, Tommy, I'm bald, too, remember.': Tommy : ' Oh, yes, I know that, but that bloke ain't married, is he P ' The London Globe says an absurd but not who'.Iy uncomic idea has been mooted in a leaflet. It is the establishment of an agency for providing ladies who visit London with an escort. Unemployed gentility is the field from which the necessary supply of gentlemen is to be obtained. There are already several younger sons of peers, baronets, officers, clergymen, and one ex-colonial bishop on the list, and these will escort ladies about London for remuneration varying from Is. 6d. to £1 per hour. A 'high-toned escort' can be ob tained for the medium price of 2s. 6d. an hour, or £1 per day. Madame Rhea, a ' well-known actress, kas been interviewed on the subject of stage kissing. It is a debatable point whether actors are influenced by this kind of delicate salutation, aad the interviewer put the question straight to, Madame Rhea when he said, 'Do actresses experience any emotion in kiss ing or being kissed by men- on the stage?' The answer is interesting. ' At first they do. They are embarrassed, 7and shrink from the necessity of it. But that wears off in course of time, and we become so indifferent' to it that it is like kissing so much wood. . I have reached that point that I can look upon the man I have to embrace on the stage as part of the furniture, a mere lay figure.' In the little village of Mount Pleasant, in Staffordshire, England, is to be found a ohild whose extraordinary growth exoites great wonder. Little Alice, as she is humorously oalled, is four years of Bge, yet turns the scale at 150 pounds — the circumference of her waist being no less than five feet, while her height is four feet, so that literally she is broader than she is long, She is bright, intelligent, and remarkably pretty, her head being orowned with a mass of golden hair. Her Bize does not interfere in the least with her activity, as she may often be seen playing with the other children of the villago or wandering in their com pany through the country lanes. Her Bppetite is enormous. A shocking tragedy recently occurred at Tienna. A servant girl out of employment entered a strange house, and, ascending to the third storey, threw herBelf into the courtyard, first throwing her baby, and carrying with her in her own fall her little boy aged four. The girl herself and the baby were killed at once, but when found the boy was still alive, having been protected in his fall by bis mother's body, but he also was in a dying state. It appears that the woman had been wandering about for days without food, and that with- the last two kreutzers she possessed she had bought some bread for the boy, who devoured it just, before ' the deed was committed. It is not often, says a French correspon dent, that a spectator at the theatre can sit in his stall and see his two wives acting in the same play. Suoh, however, was the case at Toulouse the other day, when M. Ismael, the well-known singer, went, while travelling in the south, to hear the opera of ' Faust,' and found his first wife, from whom he had been recently divorced, playing the part of Mar guerite, while the second wife, to whem he waB married a few weeks ago, represented Siebel. The local journals state that, while the two - ladies— Siebelmore especially— were much agitated at the novelty of the situation, M. Ismael seemed to enjoy the opera very much, and applauded with calm im partiality the performance of his past and of his present spouse. A hundred years ago and more there lived in the northern part of New York a family of five girls, known under the fictitious name of tho Jukes. The history of eaoh of their descendants has been carefully lboked into. Of the twelve hundred allied by blood or marriage, 280 were paupers, 140, were conviots in gaol, 60 were habitual - thieves': seven lives were sacrificed by murder.; The direct and indirect loss to New Yerk.from. this, one family is put down at £260,000 dols. It is written' on the surface of this history that badness may get into the blood, i ; A century of Binning makes sinning easy. If some motherly woman one hundred years ago had shaped these livesinto purity and righteous ness,' what streams ; of ?, wiokedness had ;been pre vented I Good people sometimes complain of the coBt of sohools and churches. A few pounds and a few wise hearts would have saved a score of lives and a million of money. Snobbery is peculiar to no dime, and to no country. . 'Atlas, ' in the London Woai® writes like a , snob, and the social soribe of the Sydney Twaddleobaph quotes it— apparently with gusto. This is the flummery written by 'Atlas' {whose mother was, no doubt— a Dutobess) and echoed by the Rum's artist (whose father was— a dook, probably) :— A rumor says that the daughters of a oi- devant dressmaker were presented to her Majesty last Thursday. .If this be . true, there is indeed, no limit to the powerful influence of a full purse. We have heard' of long.suffering modestes being pacified by the presentation of Hurlingham tickets ; but presentation of the over-paid to her Majesty is another and more serious matter. 'We don't care whether it was ' Rumour' that said it, or the Ruif ;abut why in Sheol shouldn't a brace of girls be presented to the Queen. ' We recollect Mr, Hamlet's remark about the fishmonger, and would to God Mr, ' Atlas' were as honest a man. The seriousness with whioh 'Atlas' (who has most probably never seen tho Queen in his life) regards the presentation of daughters of a presumably honest woman to her Majesty, who is generally re garded as one of the best women of her time, is amusing in the extreme. There is a fly on the nose of royalty j speak softly, the fate of empires trembles in the scales. Flummery ! ' Atlas, ' when he wroto this, was moBt likely lying in bed with his single shirt drying before tho fire, afterwards sneak ing out like a guilty ghost to loot the pantry of hia unpaid landlady s cold sausages. But we don't think 'Atlas' was a man. Tho quotation is 'spit^ ful enough to be feminine. 