"TUHF. »tt r KaraodereTi(es A« » bo®- a <!' a person, nmd, ®ay, FI lager ald, 2® rJooWe— Lucsr and Ludfor, for N«e«dere 'TC Handicap end To»ro Plate, to bo -run ' .o.i. mnA :tP.rti November. Lueifor eras beaten Tor iWifirst erent and on the marring of the I3tbtlfecelre a message from tlie backer to scratch the wager, fprore »by a latter ftom.'jtbe- wrsonwhD, brought the messaee thatiedid not reach me until after tbe wager eras won andlost , Bat the -ticker refuses to par on the ground that tie supposes I would not bare paid after tbe receipt -of'bis message to scratch. Am I entitled 4o 'his stake t Answer— Yes. J C« Soulh Kelbouroe, nsks:— Would won kindly tell eee the official time when Veloci pede was ecniched for the VietoKon Club Cop. Aoswer-J-42.15 p.m. on tbe Mtlnlnat. A Z Adelaide, writes:—1 backed Brigantine against BcoUeoo for the AJ.C.Tworwid Sate ron on Coring Day. They beran a dead heat. Who won the run off! Answor Brigftptine. S.L. W.. CorewtAnsks:— 1. If Jr erer won a Maribyrnoog Plate ? S.What is the name of 'the horse now runneog, by Castle Hill from Sheet Anchors 'dam? Answers— 1. Ko. 2. Queen Mary, wlm.is by Castle Hill, has never had a foal by tUetre. H. P., Dandeaesg, asks if we would fctadly name .winners «of-<each race iu r<kr rtp at Willlamsto wo «ci > the Prioco of Wales Birth day, 1861. Answer— Scbobeloff, the feerdle Race; UmterkvtfaeTruganini Stakes; Can nibal, the Telegraph Stakes; Eagle Grange, the Two-year-old Stakes; Deceirer, -the Steeplechase ; andYately, tho Borough Co- di cap. J. G.f Carlton, aek«s«K The Ghost, who won -the Ladies' Bracelet At Cuulfield on two separate occasions, was tho same horse. Answer — !Cc. < Confused, East tfielbourne, writes:— At the last Williamstown Mineeting I took a doable, and alter getting on&.leg in with Innuendo, the horse which Ihad.taken fur the WilUama-, town Handicao m9»qcratcli6d. Tho l>ook-( maker, with whoaiiLbad laid tlie wager, re- fused to give me another horse, and he also refused to return inamy. money. Please say : if he was right! Ansrar— The rules of the \ Victorian Club bearing.ee the subject state;— '"When the horse backed for the first race, ins, and the horse .selected for tbe second .race does not start, all .bats shall be play or .pay,' unless otherwise -specified at the time the bet Is made." You Uisseforo lose, iF. Wyclieproof, (ogulree if one mile hie ever been done in Imin.Vgocc. with a flying -start. Answer— No. .A. B.rBallarat, asks how Duke pf Athol, engaged ip Australian Cup, is breL Lnswer— By St. Albans from Pussy, by Cerwu.from Cora, by Jtoiordc from Merrymaid. ATHLETICS. ftaftQA arites:— A protest has ibsen lodged against the winner of our Maiden Plate on the ground that be had won an " open adver tised, race." He gave in Ids .pedbrmaocps— " Won tJSsteodon FootbsU Cup, members nZy " . JHfldly say if thissLuguali£es bim for our Maiden Plate. Answer — No. R.fiLDCoi&e;,ask9:— 1. Ifaaanwinsfimaidon plate and does not take the ttiaiieycan bo run for a maiden again ? 2. If two men run a dead heavier maiden, there being .only one price, and they agree to divide it, can -both men run for a maideo again if they do net run it off! Answer— I and 2. No. Fair Play aaksdf the winner of the Esglehawk Handicap en Eostng Day signed an affidavit. Answer — kes. Knots, Cartton, asks Wliat U a fair time for 100, 150, and 200 wards to be run in. Answer Usee., lfiicee., Arid 23sec. Subscriber, Moonamhel, writos:— 1. Wkatts the greatest number of miles covered la a sir days' go-as-you-please in England, and who did U? 2. How many teiea is a man allowed after he Is beaten in ft bop, step, and jump, to try to beat hie opponent? Answers— I. Weston, 550 miles. 2. Three. D> K., Grafton, wires; — Who did the fastest time one hundred and fifty yards in the colonies, Halooe or Wataonf Answer- Watson. J. !£., Toongabbie, writes :— I am desired by tbe committee of the sports held here on the 1st lost, to put these questions to you: — 1. Were the committee justified in allowing a man to run for a handicap race in which he was not nominated, although when put to tho competitors they sanctioned it? 2. If he started from scratch, not being placed, could he dftim to run for the Consolation Stakes ? 3\. Could a man who ran in a Siamese race claim to run in the Consolation Stakes, having won second money in tbe Siamese Race? Answere— 1. Yes. % Yes. 3. Notif the Siamese Race was run on the same day. Verxjs writes I. Was James Stafford, of Sitnbury, either 1st, 2nd, or 3rd In any race or races at the1 Eight Hours' Demonstration Athletic Sports, held at Williamstown in the year 1684 7 2. Was James Stafford, of Sun- bury, either 1st, 2nd, or 3rd in aoy race or races at tbe Annual Esstndon Football Club Athletic Sports, for the year 1665? Answer— 1\. A runner named J. Stafford wbb first in Maiden Rae, first In 150 Yards Handicap, and second in 300 Yards Hurdle. 2. Was second in first and final heats of the first event for tbe President's Cup; second io second evont; and third io third event. Subscriber writes:— If I should win a race at a club plonic, and enter for an advertised raoe, have I to send in my performance? Answer— Yes, . FOOTLIGHTS. S. A, W., Boon, asks:— 1. If there is any gallery in the Bijou Theatre. 2. If upper circle meansjgollery. To decide a wager. Answer— 1. There is. 2. No. AQUATICS, MAori Chibf, South Melbourne, asks :— Did ; Hanlan appear in his boat on the Lake at the Handera' Aquatic Carnival ? Answer— No, G. W., Wall, asks:— 1. What is the fastest time on record for a sculling rate over the cham pion ooursein England, and who by ? 2. Are all champion boat races rowed over the same diltance? 1. 23min. I5sec , by J. Renforth. 2\. No. MISCELLANEOUS. Wsst Melbourne writes:— Did the Duke of Edinburgh (Prince Alfred) visit Victoria onoe or twice! Answer— Twice, BOXING. Subscriber, Meredith, asks:— 1. As Lees has refused to answer the. repeated challenges of Faman, can the letter now be looked upon a champion, the allotted time having expired without mm upholding the honour! 2. Is Dubho to box O'Brien as arranged, or has the match fallen through? 3 What are Dubbo's penormaneee iu the ring? Answer— 1. Yes. 2\. it U not yet settled. 8. We haven't them by us. . _ _ DICK. a. a, writes I raffled a revolver the other evening. No. l threw 16, No. 2 threw three ones. As there was no arrangement before- nanaas to the three ones counting 19, who was the winner ? Answer— No. 1. CARDS. £?5!i.wplte8:rJl' fi. "4 <3 ploy a three- banded game of euchre for a certain stake. B is 9, and C 10. The game is 1 1 up. A deals, and geti euebred. B b next tbe dealer. Who wins thestake! Answer— C, as the eider hand, with 10. W. A., West Melbourne, asks:— A and B play- oo'flog for deal A cuts ace and B cuts Jack— which deals I Answer— B. „ w , OMCKET. «r »ksIc,!r« Jarvi ever go home a one Eleven, «D? In whet yew? J»"1« vWted England with the 2nd w .Ele::n' which left Melbourne on isth March, 1880. is impossible' to rattle this MnS00' "Morale (Wo. VIiI.)lntheprewnt P.ttn|»'"=y » not at ell clear ; but it was the ehonM ?nU<"1 frame thetBwh tem S?o w. Jr dab liM b op,lI'm' A »"a Sb Blldt.— The qucetioe ia not jt fi; dom' T? a < 5\. ?te h'hklekot Was pht" I??' 'f A s, then he wa-gerUlnly out. enhiertL G,?DKD -Th«re b « tale on tho, IS fn»pi!»ent was made by the" tnatchetaried, Sra S be refwred to tte Cap 