The lengths the Govemnieut are pre ]);ired to go, eveuiu contra vent iou of their professed hind policy, iu pur suit of some dark end or other, have been strikingly exemplified iu the Long Swamp business. This large tract of valuable land is- clearly marked as a 'Reserve' on all the older maps of the town, and if. as the Mayor prolesses to have dis covered, it. has never been actually proclaimed as such, the existence of former intention to do so is indispu table. There is something inexpres sibly mean in thus taking advantage of a technicality, in order to secretly cut up aud almost as secretly sell at a disgracefully low upset, some -10 odd acres in the heart of the munici pality, without the slightest preli minary warning to the corporation, or without even the ghost of an at tempt to ascertain the general views and wishes of the inhabitants with reference thereto. Unless the remon strances of the Council prove of some avail, the whole of this block, so necessary to the iutiire development of the Eastern end of Maryborough will pass under the hammer ou the .'ith proximo for considerably under ?C1000. and we shall not even have the satisfaction of knowing that any portion of this amount is 'applied to wards the reduction of our municipal debt — that mill-stone of .-CjS.OOO, niue-teutlis of which the bad en gineering aud extravagant expendi ture of the Government on the Tinaua Creek waterworks scheme has fixed about our necks. It is worth con trasting with this camel-swallowing job the inane objections lately raised by the self-sauie administration agaiust the reservation of certain lands iu Granville Division for bridge-building purposes. They had, forsooi'h,uo power! This, too. in the face of clause !).'- of the Land Act. which is as comprehensive as cau be desired, and covers every imaginable purpose lor which public landscould uuder any circumstances, ha em ployed. But mark the diil'cieuce ! in the latter case the reservation of Granville lauds, outside the muni cipality, aud at present of small rela tive value, would have been for the local benelit. In the former case the sale of valuable municipal lands at an iuiijiiitously low price is to bu forced on with the object of replenish - ishiug the central exchequer, awl, possibly also, of obliging some in fluent partisan or partisans. Unfortunately this process of sacrificing the interests of provincial towns to the exigencies of the Trea sury or to political favoritism has been going ou unLerruptedly since the colony became independent of X.S. Wales. To 3Iaryborough it has been peculiarly disastrous, all political parties, without distinction or preference, cordially joining in the indiscriminate plunder of our once numerous reserves. The Land Act of 1S6S had not been iu force a month before upwards of 2000 acres of laud within the municipality were filched away under the selection clauses, without the least hindrance from the lands department, at 5s. an acre, payable in annual instalments. The individuals thus exceptionally favored do not appear to have profited greatly by their investment, cheap as it was, but the municipality is undeniably a dead loser by the alienation of this immense tract which, reserved, properly husbanded and judiciously subdivided, would in course of time have fetched more than enough to pay off all our municipal debt. This, how ever, was but a beginning of sorrow. Within a few weeks after this first inroad there was not a scrap of muni cipal land lying beyond the magic mile and a half from gazetted town lands, left unselected. Xor was the Government of the day slow to turn other outlying but nearer lands into cash for the benefit of the central re venue. There was a pretence made, from time to time of applying some portion of the proceeds to the reduc tion of the municipal debt, but the principle on which the calculation was made could never be satisfac torily traced, and the natural infe rence was the Governrneut credited the municipality with just so much or so little as happened to suit them. There was no appeal, and remon strances as well as requests for a statement of account were alike use less. By incessant agitation, the townspeople managed to rescue from the comprehensive ' washing up' a town common of some 700 odd acres, which, we believe, still exists, though under that coinfortable kind of tenure which admits of the Go vernment grabbing it back any day they choose. The tenure of the majority of existing reserves is, unfortunately, not a whit more satisfactory, and as it is essential that the Municipal Council, and, if not the Council, then the body of ratepayers speedily take some action with a view to rendering it reasonably secure, a brief enume ration of thesespots and of the condi tions under which they are severally held may prove interesting to the public. 1\. Reserve for manure depot, 43 acres, beyond the cemetery, near Gympie rail way, unused ; vested, but no trustees. 2\. Cemetery reserve, 09 acres : vested in Board. 3\. Jteserve for cricket ground, 10 acres, Croydou, Gayudah Road, near Old Town ship ; vested since 1884. 4\. Reserve, permanent, around TJluhili Reservoir, 128 acres ; temporarily placed under control of Council. 5\. Quarry Reserve, opposite Ululab, 49 acres; vested in Council, but no title deed issued. (!. Camping Reserve, adjoining the above ; unvested. 7\. Market Reserve, Ann- street, between Adelaide-street and Bazaar-street, 4 acres ; deeds lodged with Council. 8\. Botanic Garden Reserve, 64 acres, corner of Queen-street, near Bridge ; under Municipal control, but no deeds. Let for grazing at a reutal oiV£6ft*P'-r annum. ' ? '.J ? ij ' ? ' 9\. Bridge Reserve, 6 aores, adjoniin Bridge ; vested in Council, but no deeil.-. Let for cultivation at a rental of £17 10s. per annum. 10\. New Toa'u Hall Reserve 3 aores 2 roods 27 perches, comer Lennox aud K-ni-strei-ts ; deeds lodged with Council. 11\. Old Town Hull Rtworve of half-aore, site of present building ; deeds lodged with Council. 12\. Recreation aud Sports Reserve, 12} acres, .Lennox aud Alice-streets. Tfae last three portions are all that is left of the nuce auiplf 90 acre reserve, now almost eutirely talseu up for railway, hospital uud school purposes, without a sbilliui; of compensation having uver been paid for these successive eu crouch uaeut?. 13\. Towu Common ; under control of Oouucil by statute; no deeds. Altogether there are somewhat over 1000 acres still available, ior public purposes, out of a total municipal area of i.0,000 acres, or less than one tenth ot the whole- In this we have not included the 'Police Paddock,' 'Queen's Park,' 'Racecourse' or other sites either actually uuder occupation by the Government, or handed over to special trusts, al though the tenure by which the latter holds is in some cases quite as un satisfactory as in the case of those enumerated. There are likewise one or two small river frontages down in the 'Natural Paddock,' that figure as reserves on the maps, but con cerning which, no particulars can be gleaued. Considering the rapid growth of the central portions of the town, aud the near approach of the period when the coming generation will be cramped for space ; consider ing, likewise, the imminent risk of this trifling remnant suffering further eueroachmeuls at the hands of un scrupulous or needy Treasurers, we trust that the citizens will pronounce with no uncertain sound, in favour of an urgent demand that all our re serves be at once rendered as secure as the nature of the case will permit. 