IN his speech at Portland on Friday Mr WRIXON made some sensible remarks on the subject of party. Speaking of the attempts now being made to re-create parties he said:— ‘‘"You can no more make a party than you can make a gum tree. It must grow out of the natural properties of its native soil, viz., the wants and aspirations of the people themselves ; that is if it is to be a real, live, honest party, a natural division, not one worked up to serve a turn, a people’s conflict, not a politicians.” It is painfully apparent that the party conflicts now demanded by some of the candidates are not such as spring spon taneously out of the popular wants, but solely appertain to the personal am bitions of certain politicians.. They are connected altogether with the question of who shall occupy the Treasury benches. The terms Conservative and Liberal as employed now are only synonyms for the “ bis " and the “outs,” the “Conservative” being the man who is in office and the “ Liberal ” the one who wants to get there. Combinations formed on such motives are not parties at all, they are merely factions, and factions of tlie very worst class, since self-seeking is their only raiton d'etre It is a matter of very small moment to the public at large whether Smith, Brown, or Robinson is Premier, so long as each of them is willing and competent to carry on the Government in accordance with the will of the people. When some of our politicians denounce coalition it is obvious that all they mean is that any coalition is objectionable bi which they themselves are not included. We have lately seen that the offer of office in a coalition Government at once removed the scruples of those who pre viously disapproved a conjunction of parties. The only anti-coalitionist who refused a portfolio was Dr Quick, and it is notorious that he was willing to accept it, but refrained lest his return should be jeopardised. His constituents had taken his denunciations of coalition seriously, imaginingthere was something in them, and they were disposed to be angry at such a proof of their having been befooled as the acceptance of office in a Coalition Ministry by a gentleman who bad constantly assured them that such a Ministry was in some way antagonistic to the popular inte rests. Some candidates sucli as Mr Mika-MS and Mr Richardson have let it be understood that they refused on principle to join the new Cabinet, but we speak with authority when we say their virtue was never put to the test, and there are very few intelligent men who are not convinced ; that 1 the chance of office would have; ■ been jumped •at by either of; the im maculate patriots' mentioned. ‘As to the malcontents who are always in opposition except when they are in the Ministry, their motives are so trans parent that their affected grounds of opposition deceive nobody. This readiness of politicians of diffe rent shades of opinion to combine in forming a Ministry is easily compre hended, It arises from the fact men tioned by Mr Wrixon that at present there are no parties, the .questions which . produced the old ones having been settled, and new ones capable of divid ing public opinion not having arisen. It is to the interest of the people that the dead political nomencla-' ture should be buried. How its continuance above ground operates; against the public interest will be seen if we imagine two candidates, appearing before a constituency, one. being a prominent and respectable, citizen, intellectual and well educated, and occupying, perhaps, a social posi-’ tion which places him beyond the reach of temptation. The other is a man of ismall intellectual capacity, with but little education, imparted or self-: acquired, and whose necessities render hini'peculiarly amenable to the power-: ful influences which interested sections of "ihie. community are able to bring to .bear ' upon members of Parliament. There seems no question as to which of those men it would be safest to ' entrust with the representation of the constituency. But the issue; would be confused by calling up the: ghosts of departed quarrels, and the eligible candidate would be denounced as a Conservative because" he had taken the unpopular side in a controversy , long : settled, and the" other would claim to boa Liberal on the ground that he was prepared to; advocate.any. crude and hazy, theory that commended itself to the least! instructed and least thoughtful;section’ of the community. If tlie election were decided on'-the lines of defunet parties, :the- inferior -."man would go in, to the detriment of the public interests. One election after another has been decided bn tliis false issue, with the result that Parliament has been gradually de graded, tlieadministrative officers have become a dangerous power in the State, and a majority of members have shown how little they ■ understood Liberal principles by legislating against every ■ thing for which Liberalism has ever con tended by restricting local and personal liberty in every direction, until, we have arrived at snob a state of things that" the Ballarat East Town Council’s plan for a channel has to be approved and initialed by a Government officerin Mel bourne .before the, work can be clone, and the amount of corporal punishment to be inflicted by schoolmasters on children has to he regulated by another Melbourne official, tlie parents having no say in the matter. The time is rapidly approaching when parties must be again constituted, in order to fight out anew and im portant issue. They may with propriety be called Liberal and Conservative since the one will demand self-govern ment for the people in their respective localities, and the destruction of the bureaucratic system which threatens to turn us into a nation of slaves, whilst .the other -will be the odious party which will fight for the conser vation of the gross abuse alluded to, and endeavor to rivet tjje chains of official tyranny on the £yibs of the people. It is obviously the duty of the electors ou Eriday next, to give their votes to the- men who are op posedTo a feud- of factions .which can only havp the mischievous effect of pre venting the ordinary business of legis lation being gone on with, and dis tracting public attention from the coming question of local government reform. The men who want to fight for office under cover of the old shib boleths should be marked as public enemies, and only tlie candidates re turned who will maintain the public peace long enough to settle such ques tions as irrigation and the redistribu tion of seats, and thus clear the way for a real contest between real parties —the advocates of local self-govern ment on tho one hand, and the de fenders of bureaucratic misrule on the other. The aspect of mining affairs .at times last week was very unsatisfactory, and tlie prices of many of tlie favorite stocks underwent great changes, suffer ing reductions from which they have not yet fully recovered. There was, however, a better feeling in the market at the close of the week,- and the .general opinion seemed to be that a short time would set all right again, as there was no doubt as to the intrinsic value of the mines affected, and the "water difficulty would soon be mastered. Berry Consols on Saturday closed with sales at 1555; Berry No. 1 were marketable at 725, witli sellers at 735; aud Madame Berry were in good demand, with sales up to £lB 12s. Hepburn Estate closed with sales at 165 s 6d, and buyers at the same figure; and Hepburn No. 1 and Lady Hepburn had a sligli t upward tendency. Hepburn Junction have a wide market at pre sent. ■ Hepburn’s Nos. 2 and 3 changed hands at 3s and 2s 101d, and Hepburn Rocky Lead at 2s aud Is lOd. Earl Beacousfield have been somewhat quiet of late, still they are firmly held for 675\. Lord Harry closed on Saturday with a sale at 755, and Lone Hand had buyers at 87s, but were held for S9s. We note that the returns from the Lone Hand keep up remarkably well, the yield from this grand old mine last week being 500 oz 5 dwt. Ristori West are now marketable at 12s. Spring Hill and Central eased a little during the week, and are now obtainable at 20s. Moorookyle have also been a little easier; still there was business in them on Satur day at 4s. The Australasian group more than maintained their position last week, Australasian on Saturday being wanted at 5s 6d, and no shares obtainable ; Australasian Consols being held for 2s, and Australasian aud • Eaglehawk for 6s 6d, buyers offering 5s 9d ; while Australasian Extended changed hands at 7s (id, and closed with buyers at 7s 3d. Davies’ Free hold were quiet, with sellers at 7s. Kingston aud Dllina are now market able at 2s 2d, with sellers at 2s 3d, aud Rothschild are obtainable at 3s 3d. Mount Rowan are held at ss. Midas are quiet at present, the stock being so firmly held that it does not now furnish much business. South Chines United had a large business last week, and maintained their advanced rates, and New North Chines were also in good demand at steady rates. Now Kong Meng ou Saturday sold up to 265\. 9d,. closing firm ; aud Napier were in fair demand at firm rates. Black Horse and Egerton had a little busi ness during the week, with no material alteration in prices. Buninyong Estate were quiet, but they seem to maintain the slight advance they made a week or two ago. Band and Albion weakened a little from Monday’s rates, though the weekly yield of 262 oz 17 dwt 18 gr from 289 tons of stone, ex clusive of 12 oz 10 dwt 8 gr ob tained by the tributors, seems to be anything but unsatisfactory. Indeed, such a good yield ought to exercise an inspiriting influence on all the progressive companies at work in the adjacent locality, such as the Sir Henry Loch, the Star of the East, and other extensive under takings. North Band and Barton are now held for 3s 9d. It is pleasing to note that the prospects of the Last Chance Tribute are improving, and that the Prince Regent mine is also rising in. public estimation, the shares in both companies being in "better demand of late. Parker’s United, though still ( comparatively quiet, have improved on’ the share-list, and are now held for 2s. Star of tlie East are firmly held for; 4s. New Bendigo Quartz have sellers at lls fid. New North Homebush have not been in much demand for tlie past few days, still they are not obtainable under 15s. Sydenham are now having some en quiries, with sellers at ss. Waterloo are steady with buyers at 9s and,sellers at 10s 3d. Working Miners’ "United would be taken at 12s, but sellers re fuse to accept -that figure. York shire are. steady, with sellers at 2s. Woollen Mills were offered on Satur day at Ss 6J without attracting busi ness. In the Smythesdale.- district the C.ixton, we note, are making goo - 1 pro gess with the erection of their machi nary, and, in view of the richness of the.-..locality, in the past,- the share holders look forward with sanguine hopes to the future of the mine. They certainly have shown' a very enterpris ing spirit, and apart', from the benefits tho success of the i company would confer on the community, it is to?be hoped the plucky shareholders will be well remunerated for thecapitalin vested in the undertaking. It is also pleasing to observe that the 'Little Wonder - Com pany,. near Scarsdalc, . are . reported to have struck a reef 6 feet wide, showing gold all through. It is not surprising that such a discovery should have caused great satisfaction in the district, and there'will no doubt be a general wish that the report may prove to be substantially correct. Many of the residents of the Smythesdale division entertain a belief that the district will “ come ’’ again, and it is to be hojml that the present alleged discovery is one of the harbingers of the good time coming. During tlie past week the following dividends were declared;— New- Australasian, Is, £5OO- New Victoria, ,2s, £120; Waterloo, 6d, £500; Madame Berry, ss, £4500; Louglilin, IJd, £75; total, £5695. Tlie Factories ami Workshops Act comes into operation to-day, and’ it would be well for shopkeepers to remember that all other than chemists’ shops, coffee houses, confec tioners’, eating houses, fish and oyster.shops, fruit and vegetable shops, restaurants, tobac conists’ shops, and booksellers’ and ■ news agents’shops, and other than such as may bo licensed to remain open at night under any bylaw made under authority of the Act, are, to be closed every evening of the week at 7 o’clock, excepting Saturday, when they must be closed at 10 o’clock. Oh a day im mediately preceding a public holiday shops may keep open until 10 o’clock. The returning officer for tlie Ballarat West electorate is certainly punctual in the dis charge of his duties. It was announced that the nominations made would be declared at noon on Saturday, and precisely as the clock chimed that hour tho returning officer, Mr I. J. Jones, came out from the Ballarat Bank, where the nominations were to be declared, read tho list, and retired. Tlie only persons present at the time wore Mr R. T. Vale and a representative of the press. Subsequently other candidates and a few electors assembled, only to to find that the returning officer had already performed his duty. The returning officer for the Ballarat East electorate attended at the Town Hall at noon on Saturday, and declared the Parlia mentary nominations received for the electorate as follows;—John James, black smith; James Russell, timber merchant; Edward Murphy, publican; and Charles Byte, sharebroker. Mr Dyte was the only candidate present at the declaration, and the electors were represented by about half-a dozen persons. It is stated, on what is considered good authority, that the Licensed Victuallers’ Association have determined to give Mr Fiucham all the support they can in his con test for Ballarat West. A meeting of the Ballarat branch of the Temperance Political Council was held in the Alfred Hall on Friday night last, when there was a large representation of the various temperance societies. The secretary re ported having sent tho following three ques tions to each of the candidates for Parlia ment for the Ballarat East and West con stituencies, viz,:—(l) Will you, if elected to Parliament, vote against any attempt which may be made to open public-houses on Sun day? (2) when the liquor question is again before Parliament for legislation, will you vote for complete load option? (3) will you vote for the abolition of groceis’licenses? Replies in the affirmative were received from the Hon. W. C. Smith, Messrs Bell, Jones, Vale, and Williams, of Ballarat West, and from Mr James Russell and tlie Hon. John James, of Ballarat East. No replies were received from the other candidates. After due discussion, it was resolved that the tem perance party support the candidature of Messrs R. T. Vale, C. E. Jones, and H. Bull, and use their best endeavors to secure their, return, and also to support Messrs James and Russell for Ballarat East. The president of the Legislative Council hat issued writs for the election of members to serve in the Legislative Council for the Melbourne and Wellington Provinces. The following arrangements have been made for the elections:—Day before which nomina nati-ms are to be made, 2nd March; polling, 10th March; return of writ, 22ud March. In connection with the Eisteddfod we may state that the competition for the Brinsmcad piano and Sutton prizes will take place dur ing the Easter holidays. The date for the competition has yet to be fixed, but the ad judicators have promised to come to Ballarat at the convenience of the Eisteddfod com mittee. Two of the Ballarat rowing clubs proved victorious at the Melbourne regatta on Satur day. Tho \\\ endouree Club carried off the Maiden Eight race, and the Ballarat won the laurels in the .Maiden Four contest in grand style. Our Melbourne correspondent’s re port of the regatta appears in The ''tar of to-day. The successful crews returned to Ballarat by the 10.20 train on Saturday night, and upon alighting at the Western station they were loudly cheered by a large number of rowing men who had assembled to receive them. The call of the Rev. O. D. Buchanan, of the Chalmers Memorial Church, Melbourne, to the pastorate of St. Andrew’s Kirk, Bal larat, is now an accomplished fact so far as the congregation are concerned. The laws of the denomination require that three- fifths of the members and a similar proportion of adherents must sign any call in order that it may be acted upon. More than the re quisite number of signatures in the present instance have been secured, the call being signed by about 200 members and a similar number of adherents. A somewhat impressive incident was wit nessed by- those who attended the funeral service held in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church, on Satin day afternoon, in connec tion with the death of Mr James Sanderson, the first Wesleyan local preacher in Ballarat.' The afternoon had been very dull and cloudy, but Just as the coffin was being removed from the rests on which it stood, and tho tones of the organ pealed forth the impres sive “ Dead March,” the sun shone forth for a brief time. The rays shot through one of the colored windows in the church and com pletely flooded the outside of the coffin with beautiful tints. The occurrence was re marked on by several present. Bishop Moore purchased on-Saturday last 100 acies of land about a mile and a half from the palace grounds. It has not yet transpired whether his lordship requires the hind for a college or a Catholic orphanage. The Catholic body will be glad to learn that the hishop has been the purchaser of so con venient and valuable a church property-. We have not learned the sum paid for the land. ' Special .services in connection with the Salvation Army, were held yesterday- after noon a id evening at the Alfred Hall. There were very- large attendances at both services and the meetings were addressed by- Captain Albiston, Capcain Maddigan, late of Ballarat, Lieutenant Doherty, and others. The ser vices will be continued to- night, an open-air meeting being held at the Calloway .monu ment at 7.30, to be followed by a meeting in the barracks;at 8. Owing to a misunder standing it was wrongly announced by-ad vertisement in .Saturday’s papers .that Major Barker will be present. Mrs Barker will,, however, be there, and Happy Dinah, Adju tant Barritt and others will also taketpart. The proceeds of the Eisteddfod amount to £l2O, This return is considered very satis factory. Mr J. C. Thomson, coroner, commenced an enquiry on Saturday into the circum stances surrounding''tho death of Mr E. 7. Gray, who died very suddenly on Friday at his residence: After hearing tho evidence of Mrs Gray, the enquiry- was adjourned for the evidence of the medical 'gentleman who made the post-mortem, examination. ) r Th° funeral of the late Mr James (better known as . Father) Sanderson, whose death was, mentioned In The Star ou Saturday,- took place! that afternoon. - Prior to tho pro cession being formed, a short funeral ser vice was held in the church, the: coffin con taining tho body rusting on trusties in f: out of the pulpit. The Rev. W. L. Binks conducted the service, in which tho Rev. Thomas Williams and Mr Allan (the senior local’ preacher) took part. Messrs James, Russell, and Bell, ox-M’s.L.A,, - who arc; local preachers connected with the Wes leyan ■ body, and a number of other- pro: minent citizens were present. The corteye moved from the church to.the old. cemetery, the of tho Local Preachers’ Asso ciation, of which the deceased was the oldest and most valued member, preceding the hearse. .The service at tlie grave was con-, ducted by the Rev. W. L. Binks; and the mortuary .arrangements were carried out efficiently, by Mr Thos. Wellington.: - At the service on Saturday, and also at each of the services yesterday at the Ly- diard street Church, the. organist, ’ Mr Eyres,: played “ The dead march” from “ Saul” very elfec— lively. The preacher at yesterday ' morn ing’s service—Mr Phillips—also referred in feeling terms to Mr Sanderson’s death. An election sotniou by the Venerable Archdeacon Julius, letter, by- “ Now Blood,” &e.;, are unavoidably held over. . .. The R.M.S. Rome sailed from Glenelg for Melbourne at 3.30 a'.ni. on Sunday. At the weekly- meeting of the Men’s Evan gelistic Prayer Union on Saturday- night a number of new members were enrolled. The Rev. R. Kennedy presided. Bishop Thornton will address the next -meeting of the union, to which all are cordially invited. The new organ, from Mr S. L. Birtehnell’s establishment, was used at the service' ou Saturday- night, and gave groat satisfac tion. ' A young man named John Jones, 22 years of age, a laborer, was on Saturday I odged in the City lockup on a charge of stealing a swag from a comrade named Peter Komp herner. . On information being given, the police followed Jones to Miners’ Rest,where lie was arrested. While he was in custody a complaint was made by- a man named John Robins that he had been robbed of a purse containing 4s Od. On searching the accused a purse that Robins claimed as his was found upon him. The two charges of theft' will be preferred against Jones at the City Court this morning. Mr J. Sullivan, an employe under the Town Corporation", had the bad luck on Saturday- to. lose a £o-note, two weeks’ wages, which he had just drawn. The man, upon receiving the money at the Town Hall, put it into a pocket on top of a handker chief. Later on ho had occasion to use tlie handkerchief, and drawing it from his.pocket thoughtlessly he also-pulled out .the note, which was carried away by the strong wind blowing at the time. The efforts of a search party failed to find the missing money, and regret was expressed at the loss sustained by Mr Sullivan, who is a poor man. The opinions of all the. various candidates for Ballarat West having now been obtained on the question of the liquor traffic, we are informed that a meeting of the temperance' bodies in Ballarat will be held early this week to determine as to which candidate or candidates they- will support. Friday next, the day of general election, has been appointed, under the Public Service Act, 1833, to be observed as a public holiday throughout the colony. The following have been dismissed the Ballarat Battalion, for absence without leave over three mouths:—Privates J. Nel son, G. Heuwood, W. Angus, E. Hall, A. Molloy, T. Hogan, R. Corbett, T. Cassell, W. Kneale, 6. C. T. Pawsou, J. Lawrie, W. J. Jamieson, H. Weii, J. D. Badcock, J. M < Kinnon, ,W. F. Milner, W. Johnson, C. Adainthwaite, W. Shuttle wood, G. R. West cott, J. Kineally-, B. Hogan, E. Joyce, H. Hicks, R. Dawson, R. Atkinson, J. Opie, J. Tresize, J. Madden, J. T. Mitchell, W. Beamp, D. O’Toole, 11. Burns, T. Clinton, W. Allen, J. Boham, J. Cocking, W. James, J. O Halloran, N. Odgers, J. Robinson, P. Slattery-, W. Lowe, A. E. Jones, W. Dubbin F. R. Cornwall, H. Lnplan, J. Carey, A. X. Reynolds, T. Hickson, J. Sayers. The full returns of the polling in connec tion with the Mining Board election in the Smythesdale division are not y-et to hand. Messrs Stalker, Hickman, Achoson, and Hunter, J’s.P., attended at the City Police Court on Saturday morning. One inebriate was remanded until Thursday next. Of the 895 recipients of relief from the Benevolent Asylum during the past week 282 were children. Contractors are requested to note that in future a list of all public works for which tenders are being invited by tho Public Works Department, will bo posted, up on the notice hoard at the Ballarat for their perusal. The fourth event for Mr T. Bath’s trophy was sailed on Saturday- at the lake. Avery good contest was finally won by the Re porter, with the Darlie Bay- second, and the Ballarat third. The points for the trophy now stand—Reporter, 11; Darlie Bay. 11; Ballarat, 5; Pinafore, 5; Flying Scud, 4. The next event will he sailed on Saturday next. Copies of the circular address on the sub ject of the general election drawn up by the Wesleyan Conference, and signed on their behalf by the president, which was published in the columns of The Star a few days ago, were yesterday distributed to the a- piduuts at the various W esleyan churches throughout tho Ballarat district. At the Ly-diard street Wesleyan Church yesterday collections were made taken up in aid of the Local Preachers’ Association, and the appeal was well responded to. The preachers were:—Mr Phillips in the morn mg, and the Rev. Win. Williams in tlie evening. ' Yesterday- afternoon a small conveyance belonging to Mr Griffin, of Peel street, col lided at the intersection of Bridge and Gren ville streets with a buggy in which Mr Gasser, watchmaker, and a friend were seated. Fortunately no one was hurt. One of the shafts of Mr Griffin’s cart was broken. The police intend to take legal proceedings against the latter. Onr Sebastopol correspondent writes: “The many friends of Mr T. Miles will learn with icgret of the decease of his wife, which sad event took place ou Saturday, after a painful illness. The deceased lady, who was the mother of the Rev. E. T. Miles, of Melbourne, was much beloved by a large circle of friends, over whom her death has east quite a gloom. Tho late lady leaves a grown-up family to mourn their lost. Owing to a slight misunderstanding with reference to the lithograph plans, show ing the land and property for sale to-morrow at Lakeville, Wendouree parade, we are re quested to draw- the attention of buyers to an advertisement which appears in another column, stating that the auctioneer will offer the land in one block first, to suit buyers, before subdividing same as shown on plans. A very-good meeting of Mr G. Russell’s cen tral committee w-as held on Friday- evening at the Crown hotel, Buninyong, when a large amount of correspondence was received and read from tho various committees throughout the electorate of Grenville, as -well as from canvassers in various parts. The correspondence was very encouraging. The majority of the letters that required answering had been attended toby the active secretary- of the central committee. Onr Smythesdale correspondent writes:— “ An illustration of the power of music on snakes occurred a few days ago near the residence of .Mr Clarkson, of Scarsdale. A daughter of that gentleman was engaged playing on tho piano, when her brother, who w-as in the same room, went to the door leading into tho garden, which was open, when he was suddenly confronted with a huge black snake, with head erect as if in tho art of listening. The reptile had evi dently been attracted to the spot by the music, and its love for sw-eet sounds had lured it to distrnctiou, as in a very short tinfe his suakeship was effectually despatched by Master Clarkson. Mrs Clarkson says that one of her children had xold her last .year that she had seen a snake in the adjoin ing paddock on several occasions,-and is of opinion that it was the one now referred to. The pupils attending the State school at Clarendon intend to join those of tho neigh boring schools in the forthcoming picnic to Geelong. Mr George Russell has .kindly contributed two guineas towards the object. For this the head teacher, on behalf of the parents, begs to return thanks. Our local’ correspondent Writes:—“Tlie declaration of tho Grenville nominations was made from the Crown.hotel verandah by. Mr G-. Hale, deputy returning officer at noon on Saturday., Tlie candidates nominated. iis announced in The Star -.cm Saturday, were —D. M. ; Davies,*G. Russell, and A, Young*” Onr Beaufort correspondent, on Saturday flight, wired:—“ The mining boai and election for the Raglan division of the Ararat dis trict, was held to-day, and the result of the poll was as follows:—Browne, 137 votes; Humphreys, 123; Nicoll, 97; Cnniming, 64; Shaw, 02. Browne and Humphreys were therefore elected.: A good story is told of the love of punctu ality displayed ■by a popular minister in the suburbs of .Melbourne. - This. pastor also acts as superintendent of .the tjunday school connected with the church, and -makes a. point of closing the'doors when, the school is opened, so -that all ..teachers.-, and scholars who come late are refused admittance. Re cently the rev. gentleman's wife, , who teaches iri the school, was three minutes be hind time, hut.on a vote of the scholars the lady was admitted for that time. When his wife entered the school the minister in formed her before the children and other teachers on what terms she was admitted, adding—" Should you be late again I shall not consult the children, but will follow my rule and keep the door closed ‘ against you.” ' ..... _ !. At a meeting of influential Catholic resi idents at Bourke, on Friday last (says an A/yns te'egram), it was decided to bring the (Conduct of Father Haggard, the.priest in the : late-ivbductiph case, under the notice of .the ;Bishop of Bathurst. A- long telegram was (accordinly sent to the bishop, anil a reply was shortly afterwards received from him, : stating that Father. Haggard had been sus pended, and Father B >.rry appointed to act .in his place temporarily. All the intelligent 'portion of his own church strongly disapprove ; of Father IIuggard’s conduct. 