E _HOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY THe GOesT.) In the Legislative ,Council short work was tlade of the Legal Profession Amalga mation Bill, which for the third time was committed to the limbo of " that day six months."The debate in connection with this yearly hantling of the Assembly lasted a little over an hour, and was chiefly remark able for the fact that since its last appear ance $in the Upper House a number of members of the Council had ontirely changed their opinions in its regard. Genc tlemen who formerly were against the measure voted for its second reading, while othllers, including Dr. Dobson, who a few days since enveavoured to" jump" the position of leader of the Bar, spoke and voted in its favour, ignoring their formerly expressed antagonisn to the con version of solicitors into barristers and vice-vcrsa. A petition signed by all the leading firms of solicitors was presented against the proposed innovation: So the " cheap law"--after which a number of gentlemen in the Assembly affect to yearn -is shelved for this session at all events, and Mr. Gaunson iImust once imore be ego tent to see his chance of occupying a seat on the Supreme Court BIench--a contiln gency that might have occurred had the Bill passed,-ipostponed until aI more con venient season. 'ihe picture drawn by ise of the opponents of the imualgumation, of the honourabloe member for South Melo bourne, clothed in the judicial scarlet 'and ermine, wins too much for the Upper Hlouse to contemplate, and perhaps had a large share in sealing the fate of the measure. In the Assembly the storms of the pro viousn week appeared to have cleared tile political atmosphere and the House was in a working humour, consequently fair pro gress was made in the business of legisla tion. The consideration of the es timates was entered upon and the expenditure in several of the Government departments agreed to. Barring accidents, Mr. Gillies will therefore be able to sail into the safe harbour of recess earlier than usual during the year and already mem bers are growing accustomed to, and are fain to be satisfied with, promises to deal with questions raised " during next session. ' y carefully abstaining from initiating any new "legislative departures" and giving way to the opposition whenever he foresaw a chance of a hostile majority, Mr. Gillies has hitherto managed to retain office. It remains to be seen how long the country will be content to put up with tieo feeble rule of this "roifaindtant." For if the Irrigation Bill should be thrown out by the council, or so " improved" in its passage through the Upper IIouse as to be rendered unworkable-a contingency by no means so unlikely as many people imagino -the session will indeed have been a barren one. Politicians an euphemistic name for aspirants to office, are awakening to the belief that the Coali tion King Log is after all no great improve ment upon tihe party King Stork, and that the purposes for which the present and last combination governments were brought into existence having been accom plished, the raison d'dlre of the Conserva tive-liberal union no longer exists. Amongst every nation, and in every country, its greatest men have often been misunderstood,even although they may not, like IMr. John Norton, the Sydney delegate of the Trades Hall to the International Labour Congress lately held in Paris, have expressed tlhemselves in a foreign languaege. It appears that this ill-conditioned bird has been fouling his own nest, by repre senting Australasia, to intending colonists, as a country in the lhands of a few capitalists, wlere farmers were entirely out of place, and whichcompared in every way unfavourably with the overcrowded countries of tile old world. Soume men are born to greatness, others achieve it. others again have greatnuess thrust upon them. In this latter class is iMr. Norton. He has been the subject of a debate in the Victorian Parliament, and will, some morning when a report of the proceedings of the Assembly reaches him in the Mel bourne daily papers, awake to find himself famous. His utterances, as reported by the Paris correspondents of the London daily journals he has since repudiated,stat ing that hle has been misreported. Ere this the unfortunate "hireling scribes" have had to lear the brunt of others' shortcom ings. The Rev. Charles Strong-who, by the way, owes more than most men to the Press- stated that he too had been misun derstood. But lhe could hardly plead the sasno good excuse as iMr. Norton. For whereas the reverend gentleman drew his language from "the pure well of English undefiled," Mr. Norton orated in the best Boulogne French, acquired no doubt oil his voyages to the Conlinong as a second class Cook's tourist, But a mistake was certainly made by the gcutlemau in the Assembly who brought Mr. Norton and his libellous utterances in regard to Austral asia under notice. The Sydney delegate might fairly have been left to the contempt he so richly deserves. The day of judgment is not yet upon us, yet there has been a sort of partial resur rection. The Argues a few days ago pub lished a list purporting to give the names of the gentlemen, who as former menmbers of the Legislative Council and Assembly, before payment of members was inaugu rated were entitled to the free railway passes to old Members lately granted by Parliament to the veteran legislators of the colony. Since then the columns of the journual " which is in tile place where truth, etc." have teemed with letters from gentlemen whose names were omitted and who write to say they are still in tihe land of tIe living. This goes to show how history is made ; in their own lifetime the men who helped to make Victoria what it is are unknown or forgotten. It is hardly surprising that Mr. Froule should have at times been at fault when telling the early history of the colony, but it certainly is matter for surprise that lie should have been so harshly criticised by tihe critics who Slthemselves-and witlhout ties excuse tlat may be pleaded on bqlhalf of the eminent historian-commit the very blunders for what they so severely blamed our illustri ous visitor. Although nothing has boon openly said on the subject, it is well known in legal circles that considerable soreness is felt among the County Court judges at their claims and status having been ignored in the selection of a successor on the Supreme Court bench to the vacant ap poiutunent created by the promotion of Mr. Justice Iiginbothams to the Chief Justiceo ship. Mr. A'Beckett as one of the leaders of the Equity bar is admitted by everyone to be a fit person for the position of a Supremo Court judge. But some of the County Court judges have noted as Supreme Court judges and should have been offered the position bestowed on an "outsider." Some of them have indeed claims arising fromt the falct of their having on previous occasions toemporarily acted on the Supreme Court bench, and Messrs. idoHukman, Molesworth, and Cope woul witlh their experience of common law, nisi prius, and criminal business, have been far better qualified than a mere Equity practitioner. It will be a matter for much regret if the naction of the Go vernment results in causiog leading law yors to refuse County Court judgships, if the position is to act its a bar to their pro motion to the higher ofneo. The speech mado by Sir George Verdon on the occasion of the presontation of Mr. Polingsby's portrait of Mr. Service to the Molbourne Nlational Gallery has caused a good deal of remark. In sooth Sir George would have shown a wise discretion in confining his nladation of'tho Into Prc mier to his abilities and energy as a states iman, and carefully refrainining from any allusion to Mr. Service's private life. It is well known that the domestic relations of the honourable gentleman were to say the least of it of an uncommon nature, and that therefore the least said about his " private" life the better. When Mr. Service, at home, reads the account of the presentation and the ill-timed and iudis crect utterances of his admirers he mny well be imagined asking for tlhe future to be "s ved from his friends.' October 11. 