THE PLUM-PUDDING PARTY. Once upon a time, not so long ago as you may think, perhaps, the Plum-Pudding gave an evening party, to which were invited all her nearest and dearest relatives. Foremost among the guests were Raisin, whose constant feu of being eaten had covered him all over with wrinkles ; Currant, a bright, dapper little fellow in black; Peel, his jolly round face sparkling with sugar crystals; Suet, a coarse-looking and not very amiable sort of creature, whose voice was thick and had a greasy kind of sound in it; Flour, whom a little tin saucer kindly carried in, looking so pale that his friends were quite concerned as to his health, which he said had never been better; Egg, who was so full of something that lie couldn't stand upright, and rolled about and bumped against the others till they all declared his conduct to be simply disgraceful; Breadcrumb, Sugar, Nutmeg, and a host of others of less importance in all eyes except their own. Milk came too, and behaved himself veiy well on the whole, except when Egg very rudely knocked against his jug without any provocation, when he showed a disposition to turn sour. By special favour Tommy—a veiy dear friend of the Pudding, by-the-way—was permitted to be present on the distinct understanding that he was not to frighten Raisin or make raids on the candied sugar in Peel when nobody was looking. PLUM-PUDDING ON HERSELF. " I love Christmas," said Plum-Pudding with unction, as soon as quiet had been obtained ; "I love Christmas, the season when I am in my glory, and the best of friends with everybody but dyspeptics and people who are happiest when they are miserable. I love to stand, steaming, and crowned with a sprig of holly, on the Christmas board ; to see the happy faces gathered round the table; to hear the merry laughter, the stories, and the cracking of jokeB. I love the children, who eye me with such delight and rattle their forks and spoons on their plates impatient for the attack. I love their chubby cheeks, their sparkling eyes, their happy laughter, and their eager looks! I love the mistletoe and the holly, and the games and the fun, and the good nature which Christmas brings with it every year. Then thrice three cheers for jolly Christmas, and may it lose none of its gladness and none of its freedom, but be kept up in the same spirit and with the same zest and goodwill as in the past by future generations to all time !" " Hooray ! hooray ! hooray ! for jolly old Christmas!" shouted all the Ingredients with one voice, and Tommy louder than all. Plum-Pudding was in rare high spirits, and led off round after round of the cheering till she was too exhausted to do anything but crumble all over with the greatest of good humour. " Well," said Currant, when the merriment had subsided, " the question now is how we can spend the evening in the pleasantest way for everybody." "Ishall get no pleasure out of anything, I'm sure," whined Raisin, " with that boy ogling me all the while as if he meant to snap me up at the first chance." " Nor I," chimed in Peel. " Pooh !" said Suet contemptuously. " He won't hurt you. He never yet meddled with me, that's certain." " I should think not," snapped RaiBin. " Who would touch a nasty bit of fat, if it was to be helped, I should like to know ?" " Look here, young fellow, you'd better mind who you're calling fat," growled Suet, forgetting the rules of grammar in his indignation. " Hoity, toity !" interposed Plum- Pudding in a flutter. "Dear, dear me! this sort of thing will never do. How do you suppose," she said, looking severely at Suet and Raisin, (< that this party is going to spend the evening pleasantly when you start off quarrelling in that way? Now, I think it would be very nice if each of us were to relate for the amusement of the others some incident which has come under his notice since we met last year. Master Currant, who is so anxious to please, will no doubt oblige by making a start." " Willingly," said Currant, clearing his throat. WHAT CURRANT HAD TO TELL. "The other morning," he commenced, "when I was at home in our glasB jar in the cupboard, oook left the kitchen for a few minutes to gossip with the baker's man at the back door, and the scullery maid followed her. There was a great mountain of dough on the board, which cook had just finished kneading, the leg of mutton was on the dish ready to be put in the roasting-screen, the flourbin lid was up, the apples for the pudding were waiting to be pared, and on the side table were a couple of fowls for the next day's dinner, which the maid had just started plucking. The cat was asleep on the earth, and we in the cupboard were snoozing comfortably under the influence of the warmth, when we heard a stealthy footstep enter the kitchen. Presently a chair was dragged in our direction, and then a small and very dirty hand was thrust into the cupboard." "That hand was after me," sighed Raisin. "There you go!" retorted Currant. " How do you know, pray ? It was just as likely after me, or after Peel." " Just aB likely," echoed Peel. Suet was about to make some ill-natured remark, when he was stopped by a warning look from Plum-Pudding, and Currant went on. " The dirty hand groped about among the pots and bottles, and stuck itself into some hot pickles and then into a jar of strawberiy jam, but seemed not to find what was wanted. Before long a bottle full of ketchup got knocked down, and broke against the side of the pickle-pot, which pitched over in the middle of the sugar, and made a shocking mess." (Here Sugar groaned, but said nothing.] " The owner of the hand became frightened, and withdrew it so quickly that two packets of arrowroot were tumbled out and burst on the kitchen floor. After that we heard a sound like a boy munching apples and whistling between the bites. Then the boy seemed to be struck with an idea, and said coaxingly, ' Pussy, poor pussy, come and be stroked then, poor little dear,' after which the cat began to spit and make a dreadful noise as if she were struggling for liberty, when suddenly the flourbin lid went down with a bang, and the boy laughed, and the cat became quiet all at once. Then we heard the roasting-jack being wound up, and the fire poked so hard that it seemed as if the chimney would come down about our ears. Thesmellwhiohaminuteortwoafterward filled the whole place was reaU they very worst I have been in. We were beginning to make up our minds that tJ2 house was on fire, when cook and the scullery-maid came running in screaming at one door and the boy ran laughing out at the other. ' Drat that young rascal!' cried cook j 'I declare if he hasn't gone and put one of them chickings to roast, feathers an' all!' Mo wonder that smell was so bad. Directly afterwards cook found that the batter had been poured all over her dough; and when she went to the bin for some flour, out flew Pussy as white as a ghost, and ran straight to the dining - room, covering everything with flour on the way. ' Lawk-a-mussy, what a turn it's give me,' Ecreamed cook, shaking her great red fist at the window, against which she saw the maker of the mischief flatteni lg his nose from the outside and making faces at her. 'Ah, you can laugh, you can, but you'll catch it pretty warmly when your pa con.es home, take my word for it!' I believe he did catch it," added Currant, " especially when they found at tea that the seedcake had been plentifully sprinkled with pepper and salt, and that the strawberry jam had a strong flavour of hot pickles." " I rather think some of us know that boy," said Plum-Pudding severely. All the Ingredients exclaimed, " Oh !" in chorus, and Tommy turned red to the roots of his hair. PEEL'S LITTLE STORY. Peel good- naturedly volunteered the next story. " You have all of you heard," he began, "of our respected town3woman, Miss Priscilla Scrooce, who lives alone in the old grey house at the end of the lane, and whose exact age no one has yet been able to discover. Last night, I am told, there came a rat-tat-tatting at her front door, which made Miss Scrooce, who was at the time engaged in working an antimacassar for the next charity bazaar, almost jump out of her shoes with fright. She was on the point of screaming ' police' and 'murder,' at the top of her voice, and springing a rattle which she kept in the bedroom for an emergency, in the full belief that a gang of desperate burglars, with masks of crape on their faces and revolvers in their hands, were attacking the house, when it occurred to her that perhaps some one had brought her a Christmas-box. Miss Scrooce is a timid woman, and some minutes passed before she could summon up courage enough to open the door. When she did so she could dimly discern lying on the step at her feet a small brown-paper parcel, which after a great deal of hesitation she took up and carried into her parlour. On a little card attached to the mysterious packet were the words, written in a round bold hand:— Miss PRISSILLT SCROOCE. Merry Krissmv.ss, There was a larger quantity of paper round the parcel than necessary to keep it secure, but Miss Priscilla rather liked that than otherwise, because she was in no great hurry, and because so much paper would be very useful in many ways. At length there was revealed the outside of a cigar-box, carefully tied round with a piece of grey tape. Miss Scrooce's two lazy cats, Herodotus and Heliogabalus, left the warm rug by the fire and sniffed at the box in great excitement, while Heliogabalus mewed and rubbed himself energetically against his mistress's dress. 'Ah, you sweet intelligent creatures,' said Miss Priscilla with enthusiasm, ' you sympathize with me in my joy, I know you do, dear things,' at which Heliogabalus mewed and rubbed himself with greater vigour than ever. Miss Priscilla slowly unfastened the tape and lifted the lid, when—pep !—out there sprang from the box one, two, three, four, five, six. little brown mice, a couple of them in their haBte to escape jumping in Miss Priscilla's lap, and another scampering right across her hand. Herodotus and Heliogabalus, with a yell of terror, scrambled out of the room, and were found an hour or two afterwards cowering under a bedstead upstairs. Miss Priscilla could not quite make up her mind at first whether to faint or to scream, but as there was no cne present to see her 'go off' she decided to scream, and do the fainting afterwards, when somebody's attention had been attracted. So she climbed up into a chair and set up such a screech that the neighbours thought some dreadful tragedy must be taking place. The town policeman soon came in and rescued Miss Scrooce from her perilous position, after which she retired to bed, and remains there, it is said, in a very critical state. Enquiries which were made into the affair resulted, I am told," said Peel in conclusion, "in the conviction of a certain young gentleman, noted for mischief, who this morning paid dearly for his little practical joke, and was made to go down on his knees at the bedside of Miss Scrooce and humbly beg pardon for the trick he had played upon her." "I rather suspect some of us know that young gentleman," said Plum-Pudding, severely. All the Ingredients exclaimed " Oh !" in chorus, and Tommy got redder than ever, and would have escaped if he had been able. TOMMY TURNS DOCTOR. " Ah," sighed Sugar, with a deep drawn breath, " that was a sorrowful time when our dear Miss Nellie fell ill. I remember how softly people moved about, and how silent and dark the whole house became. Thank God our darling got well again, and is now as healthy and strong as could be wished. A little incident which took place in the playroom one rainy afternoon during that sad time has been very strongly impressed on my memory." "Look here, you Sugar," interrupted Tommy indignantly, "I didn't come to this party to be made game of, and have a lot of stories told about me, so I tell you." " Stories!" echoed the Ingredients, with a laugh all round, " Oh ! just hear him. Go on, dear Sugar." "I had meant to make use of no names," continued Sugar, grimly; " but there is now, of course, no reason for reserve. Tommy was alone with his little sister Amy in the playroom, and time was hanging rather heavily on their hands, when a bright idea struck Tommy. ' Tell you what, Amy,' he said, ' let's play at being ilL You lay there on the carpet with this coat over you for bedcloves and make as if you was dreffully sick, an' Til be the doctor, and give you some nice med'eine to take.' Little Amy entered into the fun, and lay down and groaned, and pretended to be so ill that she could scarcely raise her head or speak a word; while Tommy stole downstairs on tiptoe, and finding no one in the kitchen secured his drugs and crept back to the playroom. Amy had now become a perfect invalid, and the doctor, seeing that the case was getting really serious, made haste to prepare his medicine. Here is the prescription :— Cold Tea;, half a cupfuL Ink and Water, about 2 thimblefuls. Slate Pencil Dust, 1 thimbleful. Sugar, 1 thimbleful. Mustard, 1 thimbleful. Salt, 1 thimbleful. This delightful mixture Tommy took to Amy, who by this time had reached almost the last stage of disease, and offered her a dose in an old brass thimble Nurse had left on the mantelpiece. Sick Amy sipped at the stuff and spit it out with a very wry face. 'Med'eine always is nasty, 9 explained Tommy soothingly; ' but it's for your good, you know. How'll you get well if you don't obey Doctor's orders ?' Amy replied that she felt very much better already, and was sure she didn't want any medicine now. It was not at all in Tommy's nature to stand by and see gocd physic wasted in that way, and he tried to force her to drink the mixture, which made Amy cry, and Nurse came just in time to find her struggling and spitting out the nasty stuff which the Doctor was pouring into her mouth. 'Oh, you naughty owdacious little wretch,' cried Nurse angrily. 'I've a good mind to make you take it all yourself, that I have !' on which Tommy, fearing that she might carry out her threat, ran downstairs at the top of his speed, and got a whipping at the bottom for having made a noise. I don't think little Amy will consent to play at being ill any more; so if Tommy wants to practise for a doctor he will nave to ' walk' the hospitals and learn Latin." "Even if our friend Sugar had not given his name, I think we should have known who that boy was," said Plum- Pudding severely. All the Ingredients exclaimed "Oh!" in chorus, and Tommy was getting ss thoroughly miserable that he didn't care much what they might say. After this the guests, much to Tommy's relief, took to asking one another some very silly conundrums and riddles, and the fun became fast and furious. In the middle of it Baisin suddenly gave a scream, which made every one look in his direction just in time to see him disappear down Tommy's throat. Loud cries of " Shame" followed upon this mean piece of treachery, and all the Ingredients with ore accord set upon the perpetrator, and gave him such a jacketing as he probably won't forget to his dying day. They punched him and pinched him, and kicked and scratched bim all over, and jumped down his throat, and tickled him inside so unmercifully that he became quite sick, and started a yell which awoke the whole household. .As his papa and mamma came running in to see what was the matter, the Ingredients with a few parting pinches and punches disappeared, and Tommy found lie was sitting up in his own bed and feeling so ill that he really didn't know what to do wi<h himself. TOMMY IS DOCTORED. "Just what I said would happen," said his Papa. " Oh, dear," moaned Tommy piteously; " it was all those pudding things." "Of course it was," said his Papa; " what else did you expect, eh ? If you will eat plum-pudding like a little glutton, it is the most natural thing in .the world that you should have to suffer." So Tommy's Papa made him take a tablespoonful of horrid black physic ; and Tommy groaned and tossed with pain till the morning, and had to keep in bed all through the holiday, while his brothers and sisters were out enjoying themselves, just as if he wasn't ill at all. I am glad to be able to say that Tommy's experience had a good effect upon him; and though he did not at once become quite a model little boy in all respects, he never again made raids on the kitchen, or played pranks with old maids who have an aversion to mice, or tyrannized over his little sister, or ate more plum-pudding at Christmas time than was good for him. NOEL HOLT. 