The Earth-closet System in Brisbane. To Tn« Editoh.— Sie,— We aro trying to oarry out tho above Bysteoa in dealing -with tho sewago of B jsbane— the only one appli ablo, probably, to the conditions whioh have to be dealt with in a widely eoattered ciiy like tUis. I say w« are ' trying' to do bo : beoause as a matt:r of faot we are not suooessfully doing it. It i* inoBt essential to the success of thu system that the earth used should be dry — should, if possible, be well baked earth, eo that its absorptive powor may bo really efficient. Now tho earth oommonly supplied to our olosots is anything but very dry — it may more accurately bo described as moro or loss wet, that is to say, it always contains a considerublo amount of Intent moisture, and ltd power of ab sorption U, therefore, oftentimes of tho smnllost, if, indeod, it possesses any at all. I havo soon tho oarth-clo?ot sjptern in most successful opomtion ; woll bnkod or dried oarth has been employed, iuul tho result has boon thut tUo mauure fo obt'iiuol ii most perfectly deprived of all oflfentivo fmell, and may bo plaoed direotly ou to tho land. It may eron ba bundled without Boiling1 tho fingers. I have eeen ono enthusiast in the matter go so far aa to. put some of it in his linen chest to Bhow how perfectly deodorised and inoffensive it had becomo; and he certainly might have carried it from London to Edinburgh in his. portmanteau without its communicating the least taint either of smell or colour to his cloan Bhirts and collars. In short, sir, no earth olosot system can havo the ghost of a chance of suocess unlesB tho earth supplied to the olosots bo thoroughly well dried— that ia to say, deprived of moro moisture than can bo got rid of by oxposure to the Bun — it must be kiln-dried. I write for tho purposo of calling attention to the new prooess of drying which has been patented by a Mr. Gibbs, and long doscri ptions of whioh may bo found in the London newBpapera received by the last mail. It may be wozth the while of those inquiring minds who are going to Eng land this year during the holding of the Indian and Colonial Exhibition to give eomo attention to this matter. Mr. Gibbj 8 invention enables a vast quantity of material to be doalt with in a very short time It consists in heating air to GOO or 700 degrees, thus completely extracting all moisture ; tho air is then cooled and in that state of maximum absorptive oapacity it will rapidly reduce whole caroases of meat (for example) to the condition of a red herring almost. Such a system applied to sewage wonld probably sooure that complete success of tho earth closet system which it is bo necessary to establish here. It would make the manurial product immediately available a; a fertiliser of the soil. As it is removed from our closets it oould bo.carried away in the daytime in bulk without creating tho least imaginable nuisance, and our farmers, gardeners, and others could put it on thtir land with immenso advantegs and under most agreeable conditions as regards tho storing and handling of it, &o.; The value of tho artie'e, too, would be fcubstan(ially appre ciable. It mightbecomo asource of direct income to our sanitary authorities, since f rorcbeiog nn utilisable by reason of the imperfeot desiccation, it would have the marketable status of a really valuable manure, at once portablo and agree able in application, while to householders, by making their closets inodorous as well as in ? noxious to health, which is not the case at preBont, and preventing, their bsing disturbed utall hours by the noiey intrusions of tho night men, it would be an incalculable benefit — Tours, &., J. E Matt. Vinceht. 