THE ST. PETERS-LIVERPOOL LOOP-LIKE. TO TUB EDITOR OP THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. Sir, — As a constaut reader ol your valuable paper, which is gaining a great popularity iu this district, allow ine iu j our own interest to take ' exception to the conclusions arrived at iu your sub-leader of tbi morning, re the loop-line from St. Peters to Liverpool. I maintain that these conclusion are incorrect, because they are bused upon premises which are not in accordance with actual fact. You speak of rival routes for this line while there are actually none. The peopio . of the Cauieroury district, aud, iu fact, of all the settlements through which this railway is to pass, have sunk ah rivalry as to special lines loug ago, and only urge upon Govcrnmcut to speedily construct the line, and by such route as it find the most advantageous. That there has beeu a movement to gut the line taken from llurstviUo is a fact, -but" that such a project has not the ghost of a chance is aho patent. The member representing the particular section of the electorate around' Hurstville himself said at the last enthusiastic meeting in the Town-hall that no mailer what hi chances would bo for re- election, he was quite opposed to such a scheme. Should this fine save any appreciable distance to the south ? No. Would the line command any suburban passenger iratlic, commencing nine mile away from Sydney and terminating at 22 miles? No. WouUi it go through sotued country ? No, with the excoption of a few place where tho whole industry is wood carting aud splitting and poult ry farming. 'lhe line which tho Government has per manently staked out, however, has al) the above point in its favor ; it shortens the distuuee to Liverpool and the whole south, by live or six miles, it save more than the interest of con- . slruction by avoiding the haulage of the southern traffic bv way of Granville; it taps already thickly populated suburbs, and has the nucleus of other large settlements all along it. The meeting la-a week was composed of property owner aud re.-idents, and amongst them there were none which, to my knowledge, are connected will) iand syndicate. In fact, I know that with the exception of one block uear Canterbury, in the hands of a building com pany, the bat.uicu 0.' the land in the district along the Government route is held by small pettier and large individual ov>ners, some iike me, resident of Sydney and suburb, who only wait ior the railway, promised five years ago, to in? construct cd, to be able lo remove to their land and five in this, without <cu(k, healthiest dRuict around Sydney. At present, with the few crowded 'buses, the thing is impossible for a bu.-ines man. If people are foolish enough, a vour contributor points out, to buv 29ft. lots, and expect to get pure country air in the midst of an agglomeration of hovels no matter where they are built, they are as much 10 blame for their gullibility as the building Hocieries who cut their ground up into graveyard lots. At 'present good laud with perfect drainage and in convenient proximity to Sydney by vail when once constructed is worth £70 to £200 'per acre, which is surely not Loo high for those who really wish to have a plot of ground. Go whichever direction you will around Sydney within 19 mile, and land which cannot hold a candle lo Canterbury land as toils suitableness for giowiug fruit or vegetable, aud high level for building purpose, bring more than the above price. So Lhe accusation that land has been Loueht up by syndicates in anticipation of rite loop lino (winch is a necessity and must come, a the duplication of the Farranuvtta- Liverpool line will not relieve ihe congcsliou M'hich is between Granville and RuJfern, while the loop line due relieve it) falls to tho ground. Wise peopio who look a little further than their nose have bought around Canterbury, but not in the sense or with the -bjcet of gridirou- ing the ground into human warrens. — Y'ours, Ac., MAllRIcrivYlLLE. September 14 