THE CHURCHES. PatEsurrTEara CHLUTCH. In the morning the Rev. J. G. Wilson took for his sul ject of discourse the life of theapostle Steplhen, a. found in the Gth and 7th chapters of the Acts. It is supslHeed Stephen was one0 of the two with whom J.csus Journeyed to Emmats after His resurrection. We find him at the head of seven appaintted to work in the young church, and he was known as "a maun full of faith and the Holy Ghost," having the confidence and esteem of his brethren, and being sptci lly fitted for such work. There were many posltles ; some stand out mor1e clearly tlesm others in the Ipages of history, though ino doubt they all did good work for the Master. The influence of a good manns life is not lo.st though it may not be chronicled in history. We have no mention of the physical appearance of Stephen, but there seems to have been in him a calness and dignity and a firm hold on Christ, with a sharpness and power to discern the thoughts of men,which utterly confounded his oenemies; and yet he was full of gen tleucss and love, and though voung was ripe for the work Science, lphilosophy, and great stores of learning are of little use if men lack the power to use them as Stephen-in such a way as to convyilce and convict. Stephen had clear ideas on the working of the gospel, which wou:d overthrow Judaism, and-as we see in the face of events which followed--christianity should stand forth clearly and definitely before is. If a man be sincere in what he believes, and yet does not believe all,sone say, that is enough. D1)o ou think lhe is justifiable unless he try to investigate the truths tl;at such as Stephen had learly before them. It does matter how and what we believe. Our views give color to our words and deeds. It is not men vho have been in a haze on the subject of christianity that hlve done great thingsa for the world, but men who " knew wh?at they believed." It is-a good thing to ble able to give a reasonable hope for what we believe as to our future, There is no virtue in having a mere immasculated faith, in which there -is nothing when drawn out, butemptysentiment. Stephen was also "fiull of the Scriptures." How is it with us ? The present heads of ftnn ilies, thlnks to the teaching they received f in the old cuntry, do not feel the need of 1 the knowledge ofScripture, hut I ask youl, as you wish our land to take the place it silould amonlst the nations of the world, is the rising genenation receiving the ele ments of Christianity and Scripture knotw ledge, whihe alone will fit them forsuch a position. 