THOUGHT-READING SEANCE. a Mx. Stuart Cumberland said he was much a gratified to seeso many prominent Adelaidens g present on the occasion of his seance in c Australia, and he hoped they would appreci- t ate and be pleased with his efforts. During s: the whole evening, in the intervals between fi his experiments Mr. Cumberland kept up ap running fire of light humorous talk, through n which a vein of satire made itself apparent. He disclaimed the aid of any supernaturql a agency, and stated what he accomplished was t entirely due to his having the "gift of per- t ception in an exalted sense." His first experi- a ment was one of a somewhat delicate nature. a Taking the Chief Secretary by the handt he j requested that gentleman to think of a lady in the room whom he esteemed to be present. Then raising a choice bouquet from the table J he said he would himself, wvith his eyes band- i aged, present the bouquet to the lady thought n of. The test of course created a good deal of t amusemnent, as most people supposed the I Chief Secretary would think of his own wife, a but Mr. Cumberland went with Mr. Bray to n another part of the room holding him by the ci wrists, until he at length reached Mrs. Ro- s land Rees, and presented the lady witlh the p bouquet. The Chief Secretary informed the n audience that the selection was a correct one. a -e in the first instance thought of his wife, sc but that seemed to him too easy a test ot Mr. o Cumberland powers, and he then changed (I his selection to Mrs. Rees. The explanation was received with loud applause. Cumber- l land then said he would discover the exact spot where any person was suffering from g pain. Mr. J. G. Pitcher, manager of the Town and Country Bank, came forward and I saidl he was suffering from a pain. Mr. Cum- h berland requested him to concentrate his i thoughts on the exact; spot where the pain i was located; then blindfolding himself with i a pocket handkerchief the performer took r hold of I Mr. Pitcher's wrists, with his fingers d on the pulse, and placing the back of onet hand on his forehead swayed the other up and down Mr. Pitcher's face and breast for a few moments, till at length droping one hand, Mr. Cumberland seized Mr. Pitcher by the bridge of the nose and said, "Here is the seat of I the pain." There was a hearty rounmd ofi applause when Air. Pitcher admitted the statement to be correct. Mr. Cumberland then presented Mir. Clhapple with a breastpin, which he requested him to hide in some part of the room while he retired with three mem bers of his committee. Mr. Chapple placed the pin in the collar of Mr. 'Toms' coat, andti when Mr. Cumberland was brought blindfoldi into the room, he took Mr. Chapple by the hand, and in a few moments went to MAr. Toms and secured the pin. He next asked for the aid of a lady, and Mirs. E. T1'. Smith I was induced to assist by taking her husbands eyeglass and presenting it to Mrs. Bray, while Mr. Cumberland was out of the room with his committee. On entering blindfold he took Mrs. Smith by the hand, conducted her to her husband, then went up the hall to where Mrs. Bray was seated and found the missing eyeglass amidst loud cheering. He thanked Mrs. Smith for her assistance, and I he said that it was very seldom that ladies would concentrate their thoughts sufficiently to enable him to carry out the experiment with success. He next endeavoured to induce Herr Reimers to give the audtience some spiritualistic manifestations, offering to forfeit a thousand pounds if he could not reproduce the same rappings or manifestations of what ever kind without the aid of the so-called spirits. Mr. Reimers declined the offer, and intimated his intention ot replying to Mr. Cumberland's letter which had appeared in the press. He said he was no actor, and it was not at all probable the spirits would at command give manifestations that could be initated by any conjuror. Mr..Cumnbetlnd's next experiinent was with the hlon. Dr. Camnp bell, and he explained that he had done the same thing with Air. Gladstone in the House Sof Commons, when the Premier thought of the number 8366, being the days of the year in leap year. Dr. Campbell thought ofa date, and Mr. Cumberland immediately wrote on a blackboard the figures 1870, which the doctor nsaid was correct, that being the yearin which Slie was married.--S8. A. Advertiser, March S22nd. A calculation has been made that all the people now living in the world (say about s1,400,000,000) could find standing room within tihe limits of a field ten miles square. 'Tns PEOPLE WANT PRoor.--There is no medi. cine prescribed by physicians or sold by Druggists, that carries such evidence of its success and superior virtue as Boschlee's German Syrup for Ssevere Coughs, Colds settled on the breast, Con Ssumption, or any disease of the Throat and Lungs. e Any person afflicted, can get a Sarmple Bottle for 6d. and try its superior effect before buying the Sregular size at 3s. 6d. Its wonderful cures are astopishing every one that uses it. Three doses will relieve any case. If you have a Cough or SCold that will not yield to other remedies try Ger man Syrup and you will besurprised at the result, k It has cured many cases of socalled Consumption which doctors had given up. It is sold by all e Druggists in the Civilized World. Y A GOOD Accousr.--" To sum it up, six long Syears of bed.ridden sickness and suffering, costing Ah 40 per year,'total £240, all of which was stopped n by three bottles of American Co.'s flop. Bitters 8\. taken by my wife, who has done her own house e work for a year since without the loss of a day, Sand I want everybody to know it for their hene Sfit."-JouNs W~nse, Butler. Find. S'Rto te'ti tmethat lung James VI. had left Scotland to 174:6 there was always a number of servants, male and female, kept in Linlithgow Palace, under the superintendiince of the Livingstone family, who were the hereditary keepers. Abo.ut what time the following sad event took place tradition saith not, indeed the event itself is almost entirely forgotten. Among the domestics was Bob Henderson, a rollicking young fellowy, who was a sort of major-domo, but who had none of the pride of that class of people. There was also Jdnny Glen, who might have been called the house keeper. She was loved and respected by both gentle and simple in the the town and palace. It was long known that these two were lovers and that in a short time they were to be married. One night, after sundown, Jenny set out for town to see her mother. The road, though short, was very lonely, having to pass the graveyard; but Jenny said she had never seen anything worse than herself. She did not believe in ghosts, and as for bad people, she would give them as good as they gave if they meddled with her. That day Bob had killed a two-year-old quey and had got it salted and'put past. He came to the kitchen to wash himself and heard that Jenny went to town. " Eh, Bob, did she no tell you she was guan ?" says Nanny Bell. " Od, I wad gie her a bonny fricht, it I waur you." "'"Deed, she deserves"," but J sup-. pose she thinks I'm tired. , Is it lang since she gaed ?" "Oh yea; h11 maist be on the road back by this time." In two or three minutes Bob again appeared-this time with the bide abo.it him, and the horns on the top of his head. The girls screamed with fright, and when they came to themselves declared it was the very thing to frighten Jenny. "Fricht'Jenny !" says Nanny; "a' the folks in Lithgow winna fricht Jenny. Sh'll gang through a' the palace be it dark or licht, where neither lass nor lad daur gang." Jenny meantime had been at hler mother's and had told her she was engaged to Bob, Henderson, and the maister had agreed to to rent him 25 acres of Parkhead Farm, at a fair rent, and employ him at " orr a" times. about the palace. The mother was much re joiced at the news, as Bob was a gaeat fav-. ourite of hers. .. . When about half-way up the Kirkgate,. Jenny saw a strange animal approaching, like a large hog, and grunting like one. She moved closo to the wall, where she knew there were. plenty of loose stones lying. Lifting the first one that came to hand, and waiting till the beast came close to her, she made a dash at its head. With a groan the creature fell at her feet, when Jenny, without speaking, walked as quick as she could to. the palace. When. she entered she was met by winks, nods, end suppressed laughter. And at last one of them asked her it she had not seen something enrious. Jenny, struck all at once, said, " If any of you have tried to frighten me, speak, for 1 have killed it." " Oh, dear ! it was Bob Henderson, cried Nanny. "It's a' my faut." But Jenny was off, followed by all the girls. When they came to the part of the road where the affray took place, they found Bob's corpse lying enveloped in the quey's hide. Life was quitewetinct, and a depresssion in the skull showed where the stone had done its dreadful work. Poor Jenny threw herself upon the body, but never spoke; indeed, she never uttered a word till the funeral, three days afterwards, when she cried, " I'm gaun to Bob," and sank down and expired. " Octogenarian," in Scottish American Jour nal. 