turf topics a33 anticipations. Bv Asmoueous. To-day U10 Victorian racing season of 1886-37 will roccivo its baptism by tbo waters of tho quiot running Bartvou, and as eacli succeeding iviuler gatboring at the " Pivot" is usnally expected to afford valuable assistance in tbo formation of idca3 regarding tbo probabilities of the Spring handicaps, hun dreds will journey to Gcelong with this end as much in view as tho immediate prospects ot pleasure to ho derived from the sport provided. Tho acceptances tiro highly flattering to Mr. Bond, and tho prontiso of largo fields and oatertaimng sport indicate a revival of interest in tho affairs of tho local club. Duration, Royal Maid, Miss Day, Dcringa and Pan aro tho only withdrawals from the Hurdlo Race, thus leaving fourtcon candidates on tho rolls. Ruby, 11 st. 31b., has only 5 lb. more than when sho ran second for the Grand National at Fleminglon, and by coupling her with Grattau, 9 st. 10 lb. , I would fool strongly disposed to Btaud tho pair against tho field, regarding Ye t Again and Kooly to as pos sessing the next best chances of success. Whale bone meets Townloy on 13 lb. better torms than when ho struck his flag to tho Tasmaniau last Saturday, nnd should thus reverse matters ; but if tho winner is destined to spring from amongst tho light weight division, recommend 1110 to Arganthono, who, I ant assured, is a coming member of tho Dowling Forest faction. To risk a placo selection I shall name them, Grat tau, Ruby, Yet Again. Notwithstanding tho rotiromont of Middlemurch, Straight Shot, Yioiot, Kohai, &c.;, a good field is expected at tbo post for tho Railway Stakes. If placed in full commission it would not surpriso me to sco Anarchy or Edith turn up trumps, tho formor for clioioc j albeit, tho pair will encounlor a couple ot troublesome oppononta in Stafford and First Pop, tho latter, as I pointed out last week, being let down with marked lcnicncy tvheu her meritorious victory in tho Elstoru- wick Pari: Handicap is called to mind. Very iittio can ho known thu3 early of tho form of the candidates oxpoctcd to put in an appear- anco for tho First Two-Year-Old Stakes, but ofthoso trained at Fiomington, Jobnsito, St. Michael, Query, Patieneo and Refusal are favorably ostlmatod, and should tho prizo find its way to head quarters, tho honor may rest with tho selected of Wilson's or Coffey's juvenile teams. Thu Steeplechase will probably resolve itself to a finish betweou Roticont nnd Native, and I must vote for the first named, who onoounters his rival on 8 lb. better torms than when ho finished behind him at Filming ton. Grace Darling, Sardius and Mozart are important; withdrawals from tho Winter Handicap, still a fair representation or talent remains in Duration, Boolka, Acolyte, Meteor, &c.; Tho issuo wears an uncommonly open appearance, though perhaps it may fall to tho lot of Duration, Meteor and First Prince to fill two or more of tho situations. For tho benefit of intending visitors I may mention that special trains, at excursion fares, leave Mel bourne at 8.55 a.m. this morning, with pas- songors nnd horses; at 9.50 and 10.40 n.m., with passengers only, tho 9.50 a.m. calling at all roadside stations, tho 10.40 calling at IVer- ribco aud Geelong only; returning from the racecourse at 5 and 5.30 p.m. The promise of sport at Wyndham last Satur day attracted tho largest concourse of visitors over known to asserablo on tho local course, and tho extension of patronage was all tlie more appreciated after the scant measure of success which attended Mr. Wall's efforts at tho preceding meeting. The faultless weather which prevailed contributed much to tho en joyment of the occasion, and what with large fields and avcrago finishes, littlo else remained to bo desired. After his croditablo display at Villiamstoivn it was not surprising that Revenge should he equally fancied with Joey for the Hurdlo Race, but tho Panic geld ing did not behave so well with Farrell as ho did whon steered by Carey, and notwithstand ing that tho field was of interior calibre, he failed to show to tho samo advantage as on tho seaside course. Neither did Joey justify tho confidence extended to him, and so repeatedly has tho chestnut disappointed tho followers of Coffey's stable that they must be about tired of him. It was a great finish between Townley and Whalebone, aud tho head victory of the former was not subsequently dis turbed by a protest 011 the ground that ho had gone tho wrong course. It was, I believe, Burton's first appearance over sticks, and his experience on tho .flat enabled him to gaiu an advantage over Ferguson in a hand to hand finish. Tho ancient Townloy was ma terially assisted by his -minimum impost of 9 st., and his victory serves to remind us of the continued enterprise of Tasmanian owners in competing for Victorian events. Tasmania further supplied the favorite for the Wyndham Handicap in Pocahontas, who cut up badly and failed to secure a place, the winner turning up) in the ignored Wuirarapa, whose name, siugu'arly enough, did not appear in the list of acceptances first published. Nothing looked more dangerous than The Ghost until ho collided with a post aud parted company with Williams. Taudslicker added to his Williams- town triumph by again silenciug the field op posed to him in the Steoplechaso, which event proved Spanglo to bo .an overrated mare, for sho was well ridden throughout, with out interference, and well beaten for pa co after being tho first to land over the last fence. Tho liberal prize of 100 sovs. donated to tlie Worribeo Park Handicap by Mr. , Andrew Chirnsido was -cleverly won by that smart filly Richworth, who experienced very Iittio difficulty in disposing of Mabel Grey after tho last named had cut out the running for four furlongs. Tho annual meeting of tho Victoria Racing Club, held on Monday last, proved of tho custom ary formal character, and with such a satisfactory financial statement as that submitted tho mem bers present found Iittio to cavil at. Mr. E. V. Browne attempted to work up a griovanco on behalf of those who patroniso the economical refreshment rooms below tho grand stand, but his complaint regarding stale buns aud washy tea failed to - elicit anything ap proaching a discussion on tho much vexed catering question, which has always been a sourco of annoyance to tho more'hypercritically inclined who visit! Fleminglon . on raco days. Taken all for all Mr. St miter has acquitted lrimsclf more" satisfactorily than any of his predecessors ; and if tho club is desirous of improving; ;affairs in this respect it will require to place at the disposal of the caterer greater facilities for administer ing to tho creature comforts ot its patrons than tlioso now available. The present luncheon and refreshment rooms aro totally inadequate to accommodate tho crowds which besiego thorn on important raco days, and an extension of promises is sadly needed before tho caterer, whoever ho may be, can mako satisfactory provision for tho thousands of hungry and thirsty pooplo who clamor at tho tables and bars on futo. days. Mr. Sydney Smith was to tho point when ho suggested that with such largo Butu3 of money passing through its hands tho club should em ploy professional instoad of honorary auditors, lu l-opiy to a question regarding tho itom of £12,368 expended 011 raoccourso improvements, tho information was elicited that of this sum £6000 had been devoted to tho oreetion of tho two now skeleton stands, which attracted visitors curiosity at tho lato Grand National Mooting. By placiug Mr. Harrio Smith at tho head of tho poll in tho 'voting for tho now com mittee a just compliment was paid to one who has done much to preserve tho wol- faro of tho turf, and his further pro motion to tho stowarda' roll would bo a guarantee that a kooner watch would bo kept on tho recognised tricksters of tho turf than has boon tho caso during tho lastyoaror t)vo, whon tho stowarda havo on more than ono occasion been fairly " rocked to sleep," at thnos whon tho atmosphere in tho paddock wa9 rendered foul with "stiff 'un3," while the putrid inoat providores havo been hard at work under tho clock tower aud Johnny Armstrong ram pant on the backs of favorites. Tho pt-csenco of Mr. Smith has considerably diminished tho evils alluded to at Caulfield, Moonco Valley and Elsternwlck Parle, and tho no unmeaning voioo with which that gontlo- man has been placod at tho head of tho poll is strougly suggostivo of a dosiro ou tho part of members that ho bo assigned a seat iu the steward's box at FiemingLon. In con trast to Mr. Smith's popularity i9 tho re jection of Sir "William Clarke, who was relegated to tho bottom of the poll, a result probably duo to the fact of his being absent from tho colony. En passant, the 6porting baronet is duo to leave London by tho first October mail steamer, and ho will consequently arrive just in timo to miss tho spring festivities at Fiomington. Rosehili, tbo so-called Caulfield of New South Wales, gave further proof of its increas ing popularity on Monday last, whe 1 another successful reunion was colcbrated, notwith standing strong interference on tho part of tho weather. By anticipating Javelin's victory in tho Hurdle Raco and placing Kangaroo and St. Dunstan first and second for tho Steeplechase, I mado a couplo of happy tipsterial efforts in connection with the two jumping contests decided at Rose- hill. Tho Debut brought out tho first field of two-year-olds of tho season, tho winner turning up in Yetman, a chestnut coltby Julian Avenal from Vanity, an imported mare owned by Mr. Andrew Town, by Orest from Beggar Maid, a daughter of Beadsman. Tho winner was turned out by tho veteran Mr. Ivory, and he appears to have won very easily from the John Bull young sters Coralie and True Briton. Although heavily engaged iu the 2 -year-old events of tho Aus tralian Jockey Ciub, Yetman is not nominated for tho Maribyrnong Plate. True Briton nnd Coralie aro both entered for the big prizo of tho V.R.O. Christine, tho youthful sister to Lo Grand and Lothair, was amongst those who mado an unsuccessful tkbul against Mr. J. R. Smith's colt. A. Robertson wont over specially to steer Fidelity, the Ally by Gainsborough from Sweetlips, ani although mado a firm favorite, she never showod dangerous at any part of the sprint. The ancient Lord of the Lake onco more gave proof of his ability to gallop and stay under a light impost, for he won the August Handicap leisurely from Moonshee, who, good horso though he be, was unable to concede the Gold3brough representatio 2 st. 4 lb. Mr. Andrew Town has sustained a several loss through tho death of the famous brood mnro Legend, who succumbed last week to an attack of inflammation. Tho deceased matron claimed to be one of the gems which embellish tho Stud Book. Legend was bred in England in 1869, and im ported by Messrs. Bell, of Queensland, at whoso stud she threw her first foai to Silver Fox iu 1874, this being a filly named Lilla. Her second visit was to Lord of the Hills, to whom she threw Lord Clifden, a veteran pcrformeron the turf of New South Wales, aud tho winner of numerous handicaps. In tho following year, Legend paid her devoirs to Epigram, tho re sult of tho alliance being the great Lothair. Then came Legerdemain and Legacy, full sisters to Lothair, after which the still mightier Le Grand blazoned forth as a result of the same union. Few mares have boasted of two such giant sons as tho champion hurdleracer of his time and tho sensational Champion Stakes winner of 1884, and although she continued her annual visits to Epigram without interrup tion, Legend has never since thrown any thing equal to tho calibre of the forenamed. Logend was a finoly bred mare, by Cathedral from Sybilla, through which alliance sho in herited a combination of the Melbourne, Touchstone, Orvillo and tho " accursed" Blacklock Btraius, tho samo blending success fully with tho Stockwell, Birdcateher, Mel bourne nnd Lanercost lines, as represented in Epigram's tabulated pedigree. Another New South Welshman in Mr. W. A. Long has also sustained a loss by the death of his 3-year-old celt Harvey Birch, by Tho Drummer from Ida, who recently died from injuries re ceived through a fail whilst exeicislng. Tho colt had sovoral lioavy engagements, including tho V.R.O. Derby and St. Loger, and his near relationship to such performers as Tho Jewel, Tho Gem, Tho Arrow, Tho Pearl, &c.;, Bhows that Mr. Long has been deprived of au animal that might have been capablo of doveloping tho gallopiDg penchant of tho celebrated Ida family to profitable account Last week I drew attention to the financial statement of tho affairs of tho Bendigo Jockey Club for tho past season, aud noted the favor able condition of tbo same. Both the report and baianeo sheet were unanimously adopted at tho annual meeting of members held on Monday last, whon it was decided to altor tho dato of tho annual meeting to tho second Mon day in August, so as uot to clash with tho V.R.C. meeting. It was also resolved that all fines on jockeys should bo handed over to tho disabled jockeys' relief fuud, Messrs. V. P. Simpson, J. Robertson and C. H. Hoffmoyor were olocted as trustees ; and Messrs. R. Carr, J. Gadd, Kirby, Putnam, Robertson, Walker, and Weddoll wore elected to tho committeo. Fairly good entrios havo boon recoivod for tho Grand National Steeplechase Meeting at Caulfield on tho 21st iust., when tho Sapling Stakes will form a no mean feature in tho pro ceedings. Several aristocratically connected youngsters are amongst those nominated, in cluded in their number being Mr. Wm. Bailey's Teuton (a full brother to Duulop), Mr. T. Jones's Scarlet and Black (brother to Mullyan), Mr. L. L. Smith's Epicurean (brother to Louse Borta), aud Mr. T. Coffey's Jobusito, by Darriwel), from Tyropean. Altogether, there aro 36 juvonilo3 nominated whoso debut will bo witnessed with no ordinary conceru. There is a good array of talent for tho Hurdlo Raco, including Sheet Anchor, Ocoan, Ruby, Huntsman, Sir Lauuce- lot, Duration aud Grattan ; while for tho Caulfield Graud National Steeplo- chaso Mr. Barnard is provided with ma terial for furnishing an interesting contest, tho nominations ombraoiug such cracks as Game, Studloy, Tho Irishman, Lady Aslitou, Native, Wiokliffo, lioulotte, Goodwood, Terang, Havelock, &<?. William Toll, Boolka, Quinten Matsop, Mozart, Meteor, Graco Darling, Gadfly, St. Odillo, Duration and Gardenia are- amongst thoso nominated for the Balaclava Stakes, whilst tho Soiling Race claims a bevy of un doubted sprinters in Anarchy, Mabel Gray, Snip, Cuba and Gold Top. The ueees3ary cle- J. I ments of a successful meeting are contained in tne official list of entries, and it only re mains with Mr. Barnard to bo happy in his awards in order to comploto tho prospective part of tho business. According to the conditions of the Mel bourne Cup, owners wishing to escape tho second payment of 5 sovs. were callod upon to declare tho withdrawal of their horses before four p.m. on Monday last. With in a fow minutes of the expiration of time, Mr. Miles had his li3ts ready for inspection, when it was found, that in addition to those whose defection had previously been announced at various times sinco tho publication of the weights, only a few others had declined to incur any further responsibility. Of the 143 originally nominated there aro 112 still left in for tho bookmakers and their speculative clients to operato on, until Tuesday, tho 26th of October, on which day the second forfeit of 5 sovs. must be declared aud paid, failing which nominators will be liable for tho balance of sweepstake, 15 sovs. Last year the total nominations were 165, of which number 133 wore left in after tho first forfeits had been declared, but, although the present number is 21 loss, it is probable that the field may ho quite as strong both in quantity and quality as iu 11 Sheet Anchor's year," and thai tho Melbourne Cup of 1886 will attract the same remarkablo public interest which has for many years invariably been attached to the chief event of the great racing carnival of Australia. Tho withdrawals on Monday included Jacinth, Sauvignon, Comus, Soldier's Wind,- Gipsy Warn ing, Coir, Halcyon, Yellow Jacket, Warwick, Lord Wilton, Scylla, Perchance, St. Odille, the Ideal colt, Hot Iron and . Kingsgrove. It will thus ho gathered that no performers of note have absented tbomselves, a condition of affairs which reflects creditably on Mr. Barnard, who has occasion to feel gratified with the forcible expression of ap proval on the part of owners in general. Tho annual meeting of members of tho Vic torian Club was held on Tuesday last ; Mr. O. D. O'Hallorau in tho chair. The financial statement for tho year showed that the club had a credit balance of over £1700. Tho Chair man, in moving its adoption, referred to the new promises now in course of preparation for the club, and said that they hoped to be in stalled there in timo for the Melbourne Gup. He also alluded to the non-success of the annual raco meoting held under the auspices of the club and intimated that tho committee had decided to hold it in future at a different time 0 i the year, either before Christinas or in midwinter. Tho balance sheet was adopted, and tho election of office bearers for the yeai was proceeded with. The two honorary auditors — Messrs. A. W. Pearson and G.' Feuuer — were re-elected. For tho five vacancies on the committee the result of the ballot was as follows C. F. Somerton, 84 ; C. D. O'Hallorau, 75; Herbert Power, 70; John Buckley, 65 ; S. Anderson, 50 ; and A. Murphy, 40. Mr. Bladder's misfortune in the death of San dal hae been added to by the loss of his brood mare Queen o' Scots, which died whilo fouling last woek. Queen o' Scots was bred in England in 1871, and boasted the following imposing lineage : — By Broomielaw— Penance, by the Flying Dutchman — Rosary, by Touchstone — Crucifix, by Priam, a pedigree full of stud gems without going further hack. Tho misfortune whicli has attended the deceased mare aud her stock points to her having been aptly named, a singular fatality having followed her progeny. The first foal, dropped to Suffolk in 1876, died, sho missod in 1878, and in 1881 slipped a foal by Winterlake. Her daughter, Tho Zulu Queen, foaled in 1880, had a foal to Richmond in 1884, which died, as did tbo mare shortly afterwards, and a chestnut filly by Countryman— Queen o' Scots, foaled in 1882, also died. But for Cete- tvayo'd temper haviug been ruined when ho tva3 a youngster, Queen 0' Scots would havo left a moro satisfactory stud record, as this chestnut sou of hers, now standing in Victoria, was un doubtedly one of the fastest horse9 up to six furlongs ever seon in Australia, as thoso who rodo behind him iu his sonsational and success ful gallop for the Wagga Bracelet, under a wet ter weight, can testify. Tho Murrumbidgeo Turf Club's spring pro gramme appears in another column. Owners are reminded that entries for tho Wagga Gold Cup, and other handicaps close on Tuesday noxt tho 10th inst. The sum of 2 sovs. must accom pany each cup nomination, but in tho other principal events only 1 sov. has to he paid to boo tho weights, whilo the entrance fee for all tho smaller events is 1 bov. At a mooting of tho V.R.C. Committeo held ou Tuesday tho following were elected as -.flics bearers for the ensuing year Chairman : C. B. Fishor. Stewards ; C. B. Fishor, A. W. Robert son, W. Leonard, Sept. Miller, J. Whittiugham. Starter G. Watson. Judge : R. S. Wakloy. Handioappor : E. T. Barnard. Treasurer : J. C. Walker. Works sub-committee : J. Gar diner, W. Leonnrd, H. Smith, J. Whittinghani. Finauco sub-committeo : O. B. Fishor, M. O'Shanassy, A. W. Robertson. Distressed jockey fund sub-committoo : S. Miller, W. Leonard, R. Power, G. Watson. Honorary surgeon : T. N. Fitzgerald. Tho Goodwood Stakes winner, Winter Chorry, by Albert Victor— Rod Berry, ha3 shown by her victory a remarkable improve ment on her 2-yonr-old form, which was very indifferent, her only victories out of seven starts being au insignificant plato at San- down, and another at Warwick. Tho success of tho Duke of Beaufort's filly would bo very popular in tho old country which has hardly- over produced a better all-round sportsman than his Graco of Badminton. Tito Victorian Trotting Sires' Produce Stakes (fourth year) closed on Monday with eighteen nominations, tho namo of Mr. T. Haydon, tha well known secretary to tho V.T.O. being in cluded iu tho list of nominators. At tho noxt regular general meeting of the Australian Jockey Club, to bo hold at Tatter- sail's on 16th Soptomber, tho following motion will ho submittod by Mr. II. Austin "Thati from and after tho first day of October. 1886, no two-year-old raco shall bo run for in New South Wales prior to the first two-year-old . event included in the Australian Jockey Club Spring programme." . Entries for the Moonee Valley meeting to he held on Saturday, the 14(h inst., close on Mon- . day nest. From Hawkesbury c mes iho news ol Y.C.'s withdrawal from all engagements and the Bcratching of Stafford for the County Purse. The up country horse Hogmanay, formerly known asMarkTwa n, has joined Joe Morrison's string at F.emington. It is said that the whole of Mr. A. A. Danger's stud will shortly be placed under tho hammer. The hurdle racehorse, Tho Drummer, has returned to Queensland after an extended tour in New South Wales and Victoria. A triton amongst minnows in bananaland, he proved himself a very ordinary animal when opposed to the top sawyers of the more southern colonies. The EJstcrnwick Park programme for tho meoting to be held on the 28th inst. appears elsowhore. Tho card contains sis events, entries for which close on Monday tho 16th inst. Latest advices from Adelaide point to the probability that Mr. IV. B. Rounsevell will ultimately succeed in getting his Totalisator Bill passed by the South Australian Parlia ment, although the task has been a hard one on account of the opposition with which ho has had to contend from tho outset. " The death of Mr. E. M. Bagot, which occurred under most melancholy circumstances, will be deeply felt in this colony, where, if not eo generally know he was as much esteemed by those who had the pleasure of his acquaintance, as in South Australia, where his name was as familiar as a household word. Mr. Bagot, who was a eousiu of the late Mr. K. 0. Bagot, was out hunting on Satnvday, the 24th ult., but not returning to his home that night the utmost anxiety was teit oy nisirienas anu rela tives. Willing volunteers to form search parties were numerous, but nothing was heard of him until last Monday, when his hedy was found in a terrible state of mutilation and partial decomposition at the bot tom of a quarry, into which he had no doubt fallen by accident. Tho announcement of the dreadful discovery, it is needless to say, caused general grief, for not only in sport ing circles, lut with the ' general community, the deceased gentlemen was universally popular. As judge to the the S.A.J.C. aud chairman of Adelaide Tattersall's, Mr. Bagot will be well rcmemtered by Victorian racing men who have visited .Adelaide, whilst to tho still older school ho was known as an owner of horses, amongst others the grey Fisherman mare Cowra which won the Adelaide Cup in two consecutive yonrn, 1866 and 1867. Whitebait (late Defrauder), by King of tho Anglers — Waitress, was introduced into the market forthe Victoria Derby on -Tuesday and backed to win about £5000 at 100 to 4. Navigator, for whom Mr. E. De Mestre once re fused an offer of £4000, is now serving mares in tho. West Maitland district at ten guineas each. Mr. W. H. Kent, the Queensland breeder, re cently consigned his colt by Darebin from Alholihe to Mr. T. S. Clibbom's hands for sale, and it is believed a purchaser has been found in Mr. E. E. Jones, tho well known Sydney ."ieviatlian." Tho Victorian bred Napoleon, sire of Mozart, is about to return to the land of his birth, after a prolonged sojourn in Tasmania, where his services have only been tardily acknow ledged" by owners of brood mares. Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs that while exercising at Hand wick on Aug. 4 Lord Carrington's two-year-old filly Jessica threw her rider and got away, injuring herself eo much that it is feared she will havo to he thrown out of training, I havo received from Mr. Guest a pamphlet containing a list of tho Hawkesbury Eaco Club'B nominations, and details of the spring pro gramme. From Tasmania is announced the death of the veteran sportsman, Mr. Robert Lyall, at tho ripe ago of 85 years. Tho deceased in days gone by was a prominent supporter of the Tas- manian turf, and owned several notable per formers, including Messeu0er and Ben Bolt. With tho former he once mado an unfortunate match against Sir Walter, distance three miles, Mr. Lyall laying -£1000 to £500 on the loser. The well known New South Wales performer, Balmoral, has been relegated to tho jumping business, and is said to be shaping well at the now game. According to tto Mail, tho additions and alterations to the paddock and stands at Rand- wick, determined on by tho committee, are being rapidly proceeded with, and promise to ho in readiness for Tattersall's day on tho 28th proximo. The enlargement of tho saddling and carriage paddocks is the principal feature, and will supply a long-uceded want in affording in creased accommodation to visitors. Tho old sheds at tho western side bare been removed, and replaced by others nearly 16 feet wide and 300 feet long. The bar has been lengthened 30 feet, and new and wider luncheon sheds are also being erected. In consequence of the saddling paddock having been extended behind the grand stand, a now approach for members is being pre pared at tho southern end, where a flight of stone steps and asphalted path will he provided, giving access to the promenade on tho ono sido and tho balcony or luncheon rooms on tho other. A scratcbing-board similar in design to that in use on tho official stand, but on a larger scalo, will bo substituted for that now at tho St. Log or end of tho lawn, and will bo connected by telephone with the office. The Leger stand is now completed, the lawn re- turfed, e d asphalt laid down on tho promenade. Outsido of tho reserves a new road, 30 feet in width, with footpaths of 12 feet on each side, connects the main and western gates, &c.; An exchange remarks that there is no firmer believer in the superiority of tho cquino blood of the old country than Mr. Charles Baldwin, of Durham Court, Manila, aud among tho many stud horses with which bi9 name is connected are The Drummer and The Tester. In the R.M.S. John Elder Mr. Baldwin imported another good ono in Beaucbamp, a son of Beauclerc aud Equanimity, by Victorious from Merry aud Wise, by Thormauby. Beauclerc is by llosicrucian. Beauchamp is a dark bay horse, with black points, and stands 15 hands 3J inches. Besides being good looking, ho was a fino performer on tho English turf, having won the Ascot Derby Stakes, Prince of Wales Stakes, Fifth Great National Breeders' Foal Stakes, and ho ran a dead heat with Pizarro for the Northern Derby. Counterpane, the property of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, came to a tragic end when carrying tho royal colors in tho Stockbridge Cup. Tho circumstance is thus graphically narrated by ' Augur," the talented contribu tor to Sjiorting Life: — "To see a two year old, carrying the royal colors in a flat raco, falter, totter, fall and dio with a sad, supplicating whinny, directly in front of tho stand, supplies a picture of which a dramatist might make much, and which, truth to tell, affected strong men who took tho whole circumstances of the case into consideration, very deeply. Twice only this year havo the Prince of Wales's colors been seen on tho flat racecourse, and on each occasion Counterpane, the aptly named sister to Quilt, by Hermit, out of Patchwork has carried them. But how great the contrast between the two results. At San- down Park tho bonny filly was successful, while the cheers which greeted her victory, and tho enthusiasm displayed by all in token of the popularity of the Royal triumph, will long live in memory. To-day the reverso side of the picture was presented, and in her second essay Counterpane literally, "died in harness," after straggling past the post with the game- ness which characterises the thorough bred. I do not think she was " fancied" for the race, but the Prince of Wales uuijug ceroro nommaicu mo wmuuv of the Stockbridge Cup, was naturally desirous of joining in honorablo rivalry for the coveted trophy. Some way from homo it was patent that Counterpane had no chance, and her jockey did all ho could to gradually ease her. " She has broken down," was the shout as she came ambling helplessly after the others. "Broken down before — behind — sprained hor hack," went up the conflicting cries. Alas! she had broken her heart ! And in turning half round in one vain effort to reach tho paddock gate, her knees gave way under her, she rolled over on her off-side, and expired in a few minutes. Thus died Counterpane in her second race, after winning once ior her Royal Master at the first time of asking." At a meeting of the English Jockey Club which was to have been hold last month, it was intended to bring forward the following notices of motion : — Jiulc 31 (vlii.) — the second sentence to be altered to read aa follows : — " No tura -, when once under the starter's hands, shall go bach, except in the case of an accident, but no horse known to the starter to be carry ing n wrong weight shall take part In the raco or be considered n starter under clnnsc xlll. of this rule." To substitute in rule 35 (iv.) the word,, the clerks of the scales "may" for tho word "shall." To add to rule. 54 — " Gentlemen, shnll not rldo in races with licensed jockeys on cqtiRl conditions of wclttht, except by express permission of tho stewards ef the Jockey Club." F. Archer was in good form at Stockbridge where he woa four of the five races in which he rode, bringing his score to date to 60, to the 61 of Woo J, who did not ride at the meet ing. The famous French filly Plaisantcrle, winner of the Ccsarewitch and Cambridgeshire last year, was recently an attraction at the yard of the French Tattersall's, whon she was sent up for sale with other horses belonging to the Bouy-Carter confederacy. It was announced, however that a reserve of. £6000 had been placed upon her, and as no offer was made to give that 6um, sho did not change hands, and wept back to her old quarters to be prepared for future engagements. . In London, prior to the departure of the last mail, offers were made to lay £1000 to £500 on Ormonde lor the St. Leger. Following the example of their cousins on the opposite sido of the " herring pond," tho Americans have gone in for an Eclipse Stakes, nndthesamo was decided at St. LouiB, N. S. , on 7th Juno, when tho famous mare, Miss Woodford, placed it to the credit of the Bwyer Brothers. Tho conditions of the race were that 10,000 dols. would he added if Miss Wood ford and Freeland ran, hut when the starting time came it was found that Freeland could not goto the post, as ho was lame. After con sideration, tho officers of tho association very liberally decided to odd the 10,000 dols., each start. consenting to pay 500 dols. entrance, tho other conditions of tho race remaining the same. " Mies Woodford, 1st ; Volunte, 2nd j Alta, 3rd," was the verdict of the judges. Tho raco was fast, tho milo and a half having been covered in 2 min. 35 sec. This is but a second slower than Luko Blackburn's " fastest on re cord." The reporters' Btand broke down just as tho start was made, being overcrowded by tho public. Ono reporter was killed and several severely injured. 