The Trapper's Adventure. THEY were waiting for a train at a wayback station up in Humbolt County, and the conversation turned to spiritualism. A weather-beaten trapper, who had come in with a lot of skins to ship, said: " Wall, fur my part, I never did go much on aperrit- rappin's, ghosts, and all of them kind er things, but I tell yew, boys, I had a powerful scare wunst." " How was that?" asked a solemn man, with lonj, hair, who was evidently a travelling medium, "Wall, yer see, it was one night about a year ago. I was a-layin' in my cabin up on the Little Bar River. I woke up long er midnight and got ter thinkin' about my partner, Grizzly Smith, as died in that very cabin er lung fever four years ago that very night. Putty soon I felt somethin' tech the blankits kinder soft like." " llats," suggested the switch-tender. " No, thcr ain't no rats in them parts. Putty soon I felt suthin' like a hand a-squeezin' ray leg. I felt kinder scared then, fur I know'd ther deer dogs wus outside, and I was plumb sartin' tbar wasn't anuther human' bein' in forty miles o' thar. I was sleepin' in Grizzly's blankits, too, so I sez, ' Is that you, Smith ?'" "And there was two raps/ said the long haired man. "No, thar warn't no raps, but a sorter buzziu' rattlin' sound, like a dyin' man's last gasp—'zactly the way Smithie let go. Then I felt suthin' clammy tech my cheek." "Case of materialisation," said tho long haired party. " Rats," said the switch-tender again. • 'i tole yer thar warn't no rats up thar," growled the trapper. " I 'low I was badly Beared then, an' ther cold sweat a-droppin' otfen me. ' Does yer want ter kcrmoomcate suthin', Grizzly?' scz I. Then ther buzzm' begun agin. Alter that authin' teched my other hand." " U.-its," wedged in the switchman. " You'll have ter heel ycrself if yer say that agin, lantern-ierker," said the hunter ominously. "Wall, gents, it got so I couldn't stan' it no longer. I jest jerked them blankita otfen me, jumped up, and struck a light." " And what did you see ?" " Why, nuthin', gents, but a big rattlesnake. Nuthin' but a plain ord'nary rattler. An' me most scarred ter death by ther dura thing's monkeyings, too. Wall, you bet I jeat rolled over and laughed till I thought I'd burst." " And the snake ?" asked the crowd. "The snake?" said the trapper simply. "Wall, I disremember what—l guess I stepped on its head, or suthin'. No, gents, I don't take no stock in sperrits. Here's ther train." —Derrick Dodd in the Wasp. 