A. BYGONE STOEY. CHAPTER I. TOil vis nr old man's nmnr A room m a farmhouse, with all the signs in fumittire and fittings expected in the Abode of a well-to-doyeoman. The yeoman himself, a very old bat hale and hearty man, sitting at the table, and by rate aid of a.qaite modern paraffin-lamp, examining, the contents of a battered, time-worn desk -open before him. He bas just laid aside a roach- thumbed, dog's-eared account-book, from which he has taken one or two letters and a thick- ish packet of-mannscript, all showing, by the faded ink and yeilo wed paper, that they may bens old as he is. Such of the writing aa we are concerned with eballapeakfor itself. First, the acconnt-book, which bears the snperBcriptidn, Jane Bart. Timida under date June 2nd, 1810, there stand die names, 'Mr. and MVa Roderick Craven. Retting best rooms from thin date for fonr weeks, to Jane 30th; at 25s., £5 Qa. Od.' Then, a preliminary letter from this Mr. Craven, dated from.. Oxford, negoti ating forthe bire of the xooms in a cer tain Bower Well Cottage, Creedon Wells, Worcestershire, and addressed to Mrs. Bart, the landlady. . ' He has been in formed of them by a friend, and wishes to know if he can bring his wife there, who has been ont of health.' It is written on the largejized post-paper common in those days, and is in the same: handwriting as the manuscript — that of Mr. Roderick Craven, evidently an -author. The manuscript itself now lies under the spectacled eyes of the veteran yeoman, and we will fellow them as he reads it On its front page, as a note, are these words,. in faded pencil: This ad venture -will serve as a basis of a sketch for one of tbe annuals. Heath has often pestered me to write him one for his "Book of Beauty." Here is the idea.- Then-it begins thus.: ' Ideal country quarters at last Hard to reach, but when reached, promising welL Though wby the landlady gazed at mB as she did, so enquiringly sad eo strangely, puzzles me much. That the unlooked-for and startling interruption to oar peace shouldfaave happened was very unfortunate, there is no doubt, but we must be thankful that it proved no worse. 'The snog sitting and bed rooms in Bower Well Cottage are one above the other, sad have each a bow-window look ing out across a patch of .garden upon a lovely prospect and up a narrow avenne of trees. The house is oddly situated, jammed, as it were, into a nook in the hills, a third of the way up to their top. i.b to mug ana narrow, uie siKueo ana landlady's apartments being at the back, while one «id« - rests against the slope. On the other is the entrance — opposite the well or spring, which, gashing forth from a rocky fern-clad dell, poors itself into a rough stone -basin, thence finding its way at its own sweet will to the valley far below. A primitive wooden shed shelters it,and maVwi, with a bench, a snug corner and resting-place for visitors coming to drink the waters. There is a rough, steep carriage-road to this point about a quarter of a mile long from .where it leaves the main road between . Worcester and Hereford, which ruoB along the valley at the foot of the hills, and just where the straggling village of Creedon Wells has its solitary hostelry. Thus the Bower Well and. the cottage stand in a wildish, lonely spot quite fay themselves : and as the road' leading to them enda there, it is litde used except by pilgrims j but from. them the- hill paths proper begin — at the vary garden- gate almost of the cottage, and with the narrow avenne -referred to. He whole region is very beantifiii, though but little wooded save just hereabouts, and the trees, even, which form the avenne gradu ally die away a few. yards higher on the tiillaMa No wonder it is a popular health-resort, for apart from the benefit the waters may confer, the splendid air and magmficuit prospect commanded.on all sides most do body and mind, alike infinite good. 'He evening wae beautiful when we arrived from. Worcester, which city we reached the night before, after two days posting from. Oxford.-. Night fell, how ever,, so rapidly that we bad. not mnrfa time to -enjoy the view, to which, never theless, the ng fhli moon lent a won drous charuLof its own. My: wife was imnrh-fattEnBd,-Mid Tatirad soon after onr comfortable supper, leaving me atone in the long; Iow, l»w-windowed parionr to tni mm .work I bad in -hand.- After some- long: writing,-, tiro air. becoming a littie ehilly, I toss to shift tiro window. It was a splendid night juhI the. moon, now high: in- "the -heavens, -created the moat beautiful, and at the same time fantastic, effecfc amoog tbe trees. ' Hie scent of the'roseB, 3ustering dose to tile windowjamThere abdtberathmstihg Ja tilnaam ail jviglit' within It, filled. tilB atmosphere: L stood looking out- for many minutes, -enjoying the perfect seren ity and beauty. The .silence jraa almost awfiiLin its Bolamraty;for only the faint est In eatfrnow -and again -passed among theleavea and flowers, aansly stirring them. Loth to retreat; bnt remembering what waaAatilh-to be > completed on the desk, ! at -length- ckiaed the casement, and -partidtydimv- -thecnrtains. S sn deeptyabsorbed ,piyjaccpg>titm, I lost .bllHbunmmmra nf WMylimig 8SVB the in- tonse'BtillnesB and the loneEhere of :tiro situation; thertiEore It fe not surprising thrtlwto rtartieddiyfencying Iheard a gentle tsp:at;-thaH window.: hmlsiH sia ioii £ , atnib r.;«i>viijig for a second or typffo. that my ears .had deceived me,- but with in a minute, after I had resumed the pen, the tap on the glass- was repeated—this time without any/doubt — and' then was again repeated. Was it a rose-bosh, stirred bytfae wind, touching the pane 1 Here was not a breath. While t was wondering all speculation was cleared away. Once more the noise came, and now distinctly — it was the firm. -bat gentle tapping -of fibers ! £ do. not think. I am less courageous than most men ; but this was at least enough to have given the strongest nerves a. twinge- — the hoot, the solitude, all considered. Sorely It was but natural that I hesitat ed, ere walking to the window and pushing the curtain back. But I did so boldly, resolutely, in another' minnte, for still again came the tapping, and more prolonged; another moment, and I had opened the window, to encounter -at it, and within a yard from it, a sight which certainly struck me - with a passing terror. I have never actually disbelieved in ghosts, but after what I saw now- — well ! — Foil in tbe moonlight stood tiro tall form of a woman, her face as white as her garments.- Tbe rays -fell clear and direct upon it, and as I appeared at the open window it drew back,, beckoning with uplifted hand.- If this wae not a ghost, £ should never see one ! It looked too ethereal, too unsubstantial, for aught else — beside, it appeared to glide rather than walk. Slowly it continued to re- treat — through the garden gate, back into the avenue— eeemingly nnflecked by the shadows from the, overhanging bees which fell, of course, in fretted patterns upon all substantial objects. His mys terious form gave out a light of its own, increased, perhaps, by that -of .the moon, but still independent of it. Presently it began to vanish np the avenue, though for ever looking round and beckoning ; then it was gone — suddenly. ' Not to dwell on my sensations, I merely say I had a slight difficulty in collecting my thoughts. Was the whole, thing an optical illusion, dne to the strain that writing late pots npon the brain and eyes 1 I rubbed them, and resented the idea. Ears as well could not have deceived me. It was ridiculous I No similar experience could warrant it, for. I am young, strong, and sound of nerve, mind, and limb No more work for me however. I could not settle to it, ex cited as I was. I waited a while, watch ing and listening at tbe window. I waited there for the best part of an hour, until the moon was. getting well behind the hill. No further sign of the figure appearing, I fastened the window securely, put out the light, and crept up 4-n /ins l»JanniM nifnefori ehntro tflO VU UUl WvUlvuiU| ni niimsiii uvvv W parlour, and like it in shape, size, and aspect Happily my wife wis sleeping soundly, bnt it was long ere I conld -do the same ; yet,. had I aroused her, be sure no word of what had happened would .have passed my- lips that night, nor did I let it the next' morning: The disturbing effect on a delicate woman's nerves of-sneh a - story -most have -been prejudicial, and, whatever I thought about it myself, I determined to keep it to myBelf, at any rate for the present. I might have been deceived in some way after all ; most people would consider. I had, so I raid nothing even to our good landlady, in spite of her continued looks of enquiry at me tbe next morning, and indeed, whenever we met To forget it, however; was impossible. Throughout the succeeding day it haunted me, despite the diversion of wandering with my dear mate np and above the slopes in. the neighbourhood of our cottage, and tbe enjoyment of tbe fine air and sun shine, and riia beanty of Nature - so lavishly spread ont on all hands. ' Supper-time again 1 and. all going on with, that strange and confusing repeti tion. which, in peacefnl ' lives, seems to substitute the affairs of yesterday so completely for those of to- day, - that the mind momentarily loses count of the twenty-four hoars elapsed. It might have been last night exactly, and we might have only just arrived, for anght of difference in oar surroundings and doings. Only my wife is not so tired — the change of air is already telling bapofiwally, mil An does not retire quite so soon. I am glad of -this, for I have no relish for being again disturbed after the manner of last night ; and when she goes upstairs I mean to do tJie same, and ray so. ' Why Roderick,' .cries die in surprise, ' I never knew you in such a hurry to go to bedbtfora!' The air is very strong,' X replied eva sively ; 'It one sleepy, I sup pose.' Weil, you don't look sleepy.' 'Ah, looks' are deceptive, my oear; they have often deceived you with regard to your husband- For. instance, you have always thought him a good-looking fellow, and there is no .greater deception than that possible,' . ' Yon would not like- me to say so, says she ; however, come along! It's quite time; past eleven- — not country horns at all ! Ishall be glad of your company j" this is a lonely spot; and. quite eeriB by night. I did not quite: hkecomlng op-stairs alone l&abmght;, £ promise you. ' Our old landlady land her maid ;have been - a-bed an hnur and more!. Ho wmonotononsly quiet every thing is ! I dont think -I shall quite like it wheii there is no moon, faul'itis . very besutifidiiow.' Hns gusaping we reached our toom. Hardest words are dictated by the fiood of light streaming in at the how-window, to whicAshe has walked, .and where, she inolring out nponthebrilliantorb otnight: 'The scent of the roses steals ie: with-tfiB sllTErraya, and fbr a moment she seems to be absolutely revelling in the sweetness andheanty. 'I have a restless, desire to prevent her standing, there.- Hj-fcy any chance, that wandering. form.shoafaLcome again.! . Why, it would scare the life ont of her; were eheto see it, as I did. 'Very beaatifai,' I.say Indifferently, ' but you had better not stay up now, and we most draw the cnrtains. or the light, will be. too strong for you.' 'Yes,' she cries ; 'it is not good, to Bleep in the rays of the moou, I have been told. What is, the story! "He VampireU Victim." I have read it some where. Ah, I remember, it was one of yours. I read It in one of the annnals, before L knew yon ! Oh, a horrible story! I wish I. had not thonght of it Ah,, what is.that V His sudden .-exclamation, in groat alarm, startles and. teUs.me the fatal truth. He haunting figure has caught her eye for a certainty J I am fay her side on. the. instant Clinging, to .me, and' pointing towards the avenue, she says : 'Sorely. there is some one in. the gar den! I am confident of it I saw a white figure move towards the avenne.' 'Nonsense! there is no one there,' I' say reassuringly. Who Bhonld be Hern hills are nearly deserted by- day — and' quite so by. night' ' Oh, I am confident Roderick,' she goes on, trembling, from head to foot ; ' it passed like a flash across the path, but I saw it distinctly. Oh ! Who or what can it be I' ' ML efforts at first to parity her are in vain. Only very slowly can I per suade her to comeawayfromthe.window, and induce her to believe she has been deceived. She does not — she will not believe it I try and make tbe best of it, look forth' boldly, and only speak tbe troth when I again and again declare there is no one to be seen. Hat my mind misgives me, however, and that I have little doubt she may-have seen what I saw the previous night, cab be guessed. If this really be the case, thereat once is an end to oar peace and comfort. If this sort of thing is to go on — if there really be some apparition haunting tbis nook in tbe hills, we shall have to leave our snog quarters forthwith. To-morrow I determine there shall be no - farther con cealment on my part I will question Mrs. Burt ; but for to night my wife's rest is tbe first conaidenition, and I bend all efforts to bring that abont 'Long is it, however, ere there' is any approach to success.; bnt, finally, she is somewhat soothed, and preparing for sleep. He curtains of the -windoware closely drawn ; not a sound is to be heard outside. I am nearly ready for. bed my- Rprf. nrhnn al I in a' mnmsni th« nanir ia renewed by the distant splash of gravel thrown up againat the window. ' Here ! cries my wife there is-some one outside. I told you so!' 'Impossible now to deny it As lam about to draw the curtain back she continues: ' Heavens, Roderick, what ace' ynu doing! Pray don't go to tbe window.' But, ere I can reply, more gravel tinkies against the glass. ' Indeed I must,' I say; 'I must see who is there,' for I fed assured now this can be no ghostly- manifestation, and. perhaps the conviction lends me courage, and lam angry at thedistorbance. Deaf to farther remonstrance,: baric go the curtains, and open fries the casement 'Who's there I' £ cry. He words have hardly passed myiips era there is a flash below — a loud report The glass is riddled by shot; one rakes my hair, another cuts my ear ! Almost before l ean realise tins fact and step back, into the room, a second report rings through the air, taking up the dying echo of the first. . More window-panes are broken, the wood- work is torn away, but I am untouched. ' No attempt of mine can describe my wife's consternation, nor, . for the matter of tiiat, my own. 'Shis-need not ding to mo m jnwiv. thnaffh. T-lum.nfl inten- tion agsfar to -expose myself -to each an outrage. Rousing the house is unnecessary, for the noise has done that, as may be judged in & minute or two by the arrival, in wfld bewildernmnt, of Mrs. Burt. ' Oh, sir; sir — what has happened f Why, you are blwdingl' this is true; the cut on my ear makes a groat show, but I know there is no further, hurt. ' Rapid and, incoherent explanations, mingled.with sobs, from my wife,- follow for a moment, but I say. It is : for you to explain Mrs. Burt— for you to account: for this unaccountable outrage. What thieves and . mffianH are there h.ng-ing abont these hilla who could do this tiling I Here is a woman in it; too, or may he she is single-handed. I saw net cast migns nyiog auwu uie piece use a ghost ; indeed, till now, I thonght she hadifaeeoone.' ' she has seen, yon; then, has she i I reckoned if die did die wonld marie the resemblance, andshe has baen drawn on by it ; it is most marvellous. But she, poor thing I wonld not have fired.At you. : Can it be that Evan, that in one ' oXhis . .fits of vio — — Mrs. Burt. breaksfofX ' BUy,' she adds, 'let me eee. Here; .Mary, Mary bringme a cloak ! I will go down ;' end the' wpman retreata to the maid-servant, standing wi' face in the pasrage. . 'Hprolong hiReanydrtails ofihebe- vrildermmrtahdconfaiuoninridental to Um. strange scene Ib qtriia out of the qnes tioa.' The wdl-foanded- fear that some peramai'.'-dtaek 'Qpon anyeU had.been made, shdfotendfor'riiBahNm,istiie conrinsian.which::radms: through my brain at the iandatyVi dhjpinted and' whsi - <.! rinafitefcr-diit Xhavertone .- to incnM such animosity is beyond comprehension. Bnt : worse— ciay. not the attack be renewed, when my escape might bB less fortunate This idea is increased fay my wife's strenuous efforts to prevent my : moving from the spot, and her eagerness : to lock the door. ' Wait; wait,' she rays ; ' do not move. Wait till the woman returns.' ' I' remain as 'passive as l ean. We can hear harrying footsteps outride, and the voices of more than one man in harried colloquy with the landlady." Presently they go" away, and no sound, for a long while comes through the open cawment. We art both : nearly dreraed' now, thongh neither dares — wisely, I think- — to approach" the window. Pres ently Mrs. Bnrt is returning. We heir her coming -in and upstairs.. When admitted to onr room she cannot ray much. Two post-boys, from the village inn; up late with their horses, mn np the hill to see what was the matter- on hearing the report, and Mi. Burt had told them, and then they had 11 gone away to Hay's house, and though n,ey could not imd Um -or hie sister, they felt-sure he had done this. Who Hay was, why he should try to shoot me, and all the rest of the enigmas which the case presented hero in the dead of night, were not likely to be answered or made dear. All -this must stand over, we agreed, till the morrow, and all that' could be done was to ' try and wait for that morrow; with what composure we could summon. ' The above has been noted down while fresh in my memory, knowing, as I do, the valne of vivid impression. CttiPEKR V, WHAT WAS tn THE OLD UAH's HIND. When the aged yeoman finished read ing tbe manuscript he -- leisurely referred to tiie date of the letting of the rooms to Mr. Graven in the account-book. Then, after taking off his spectacles, quietly wiping them snd'laying them down, he wheeled round his chair to the fire, stirred it, took a long clay pipe from a recess in the chinmey-corner, filled, and lighted it. - 'Strange,' he said aloud, with the garrulity of years, as he began to pnfij how it takes me back to the old days. Fifty years at. least since I looked at those papers, and nearly eighty since they was written ; yet it all comes back to me as fresh as if it had happened bnt a month ago. Wby do £ keep them f All the actors have passed away, and' I must Boon foUnw, for" I shall be ninety-five come Michael maa — wonderful that I ha ve been spared so long and to beso well — with all my faculties abont me except in the matter of walking. No ; I will keep tnram nn InnrMP ilmei nliell hn knmf fn night withthe rest nf the useless rubbish.' Hmrfae lapsedinto a silent reverie, and as we followed his old eyes over tbe faded writmg,so wOl we now follow his mind over the events it vividly recalled. The farmhonse he occupied bad been bis birthplace, ami rUat 'of his ' father ' before him. It. was situated in the valley, not far from the junction of the roods up to Bower Weil, and the high-- way between Worcester and Hereford. He saw himralf in his narrow, homely life learning his father's trade of forming, and falling in love wfaenhe - was about seventeen, like many other lads in the village, with the beautiful and .strangely attractive Qwynneth Hay, then some throe years older than himself, and as lovely a rustic maiden aa might be seen in a day's march. Delicate as for as features, hands, feet, and complexion concerned, but tali, upright, strong, and' healthy withal, she was as .truB specimen of what is called a nutbrown maid, or in. simpler words, somewhat giapy-looking. In. character and mind, she was even more, nncommon Bad she been bom in-a higher, station of -life,, she wonld probably have shown those refinements of thonght, feeling, and . taste, ont of which . accomplished, women are made and. noetic, and romantic woven. Her footfall was as light and . elastic as a bird's, and . she appeared to - skim over the ground, rather than to walk. A .dreamy . creators at most times too, and she had a dreamy way. of- looking at - yon,, the. old man re membered, as this picture of his early love came before him. Deeply re ligions, to the point of fanaticism, she professed, thongh withont ostentation, to have the gift of prophecy, being able, as she said, to foretell many dungs that wbold come to pass, because, at times they alLseemed to have happened before, and srithin-her knowledge. Those who judged, her only by others asserted that at times she was not quite inher right mind, bnt this had no deterrent effect on the love with which she inspired the IIA MiMtk Alia film usub juuw ui uie ufiuiwmuci uun lived with her brother Evan, in a house on the neighbouring Squire's estate, but situated in a deep copse on the slopes of those same Creedon Hills among which she was born, not far from the Bower WelL. He was head, game-keeper, bailiff, overseer, abort of 'steward' and general factotum, to the Sqhire, and many years older ' than his sister. Al trustworthy man in'the maiu, but with a violent, au- dpverirtUe ' temper— occasfonally- in- : creasied by d'riak— which had mora than once. well-nigh. cqrt Mm. tia post, and promised .sooner or later to he his rain. Gwynneth,.nevertiide8s,%.waS'idolised by him' since' his mntfart's death, but,.10re .many.' mem. iff. jus id«aa,.Jm- took iittic heed-of hoc. movements, or of the 'friends and auaintspces she made. Hub she. Mjuj-faw, and faertmn- engsged -before he-taewrtiytliuigabontfe But it was uqtiwith- the £armer4ads that ' she frdl in jfoive, nor any oftoeotiter. young Wor- cesberehire; syrrinsK"tiiak oame ctmrting tywonidhavB beau. better. for her ff abe had. No ;ehe caat her affections upon a stranger — a certain -Mr. Robert : Crass; wfaorasde-'-his appearance one summer in tiie character ofa con valescent; seeking health in the lodgings of Mra. Burt: of Bower Well, the guard ian of that spring: Hie had been set: down .one . aftranoon by the Worctiiter coach .at the -corner' of the road, and hearing that there -were rooms to' let near the well, wandered np there ; with: his email valise and ! took thran. He profeesed to be an Oxford student, thongh tha landlady con fided to' her ' neighbours — the yonng former among them— that she thought: he must be too -old, . 'being nigh ; upon: thirty by looks, which were in his favour every way, though.' Still, as hs paid a fortnigfatB Feiit in advknee;and apparently had. ploity of money; she was quite satisfied. Mystery; neverthe less, dung to bim and.fais acte, for how he fixak knew Gwynnseth, eventnally: became engaged to hier, and accepted as her honourable suitor by her brother, 'tao one aver rightly heard. At any rate the voung farmar never knew, or; if he did, tfo part of his retrospective reverie came mt before him. His memory now only trawled back to the agony of ' mind he sufteied, and the bitter indigna tion I18 fnll; wfori, after a year or more of absence -mid siteoce, it became only too plain that this Mr. Robert Groes had utterly deserted Gwynneth. A ymibn of tbe forlorn, disconsolate, and. now truly half- witted girl, . flitting hither a&d; thither among the woodland paths sod np the hillsides, arose - vividly through ' tbe clouds from the old man's pipe, and even after thoee long; long" years brought aa angry frown to his otherwise placid brow, and made the gnarled and aged hand clench angrily: His fancy, how- em, followed, the figure with such loving thoughts, that his face soon resumed the calmness happily vouch safed to his declining honty, but once more grew a little disturbed as he re membered- the - morning- immediately succeeding that night- in Bower Well Cottage, described by the manuscript ; how he went to the cottage to -verity the strange reports which had found their way dawn to the village at his father's farm. Stripling though he was at the time, he recollected how he had gone into good Mrs. Boife comfortable kitchen, or house-place, to find, several neighbours eagerly discussing the events: with her. Some suggested that the assailants must have been footpads or highwaymen, who had tracked the: lady: and gentleman to their rural lodgings, although, why they ehonld have bran fired at was past understanding. Tha mwawiiwi wiuca iio cms opinion, however — he was sure it was robbers. They swarmed along the roads at that season when the quality were travelling to and from the Wdls to drink the waters. Quite lately several carriages had Hoon c topped between -Oxford, mid Cheltenham, and he ime» no doubt the gentlemen of the road had found, their way among these hills by now. Mrs. Burt shook her head ; her ideas were quite different, she insisted, and when, the constabulary came to hear of it, they would have to look nearer home, she expected. Still, the blacksmith : was- obstinate, and refused to give up his point. ' But have-yomaeen my lodger V she asked. The man had not He had. been too- busy to leave hu forge. He should have enough to do if he watched til ' the - visitors and people that, came to the. Weils at this season. ' Hen you can't know uowt about it,' answered the landlady. ' Did yon ever see that hfc Bobert Cross, as he' called" himself, :as was here in my rooms a year' and more ago f Yes ; the worthy farrier remembared him well, he'd: seen him many a time,- walkm' with Gwynneth Hay, and be _t - - -» J—J _I ml A" always dmu uu jguuu uu cams u iuiii job ; and for his part he'd like to catch- sight of him -now— -that was all, and he'd give him.'a bit of his, the farrier's, mind, if not a taste o' snmmot else. At this moment there was a tap at the door of tha tdtchen'communicating' with the front of the house, and on its being opened there entered a gentleman, who struck all present but' Mrt: Burt with amazemant. As he stood for a minnte in the shadow, a half-indignant murmur passed round the room. He old yeoman set down his pipe and rubbed -his eyes, as memory took him through that scene again. ' He likeness was startling,' hs mut tered ; ' no wonder we were all deceived for the moment: We woe sitting and ofxiiifinff mnnii'frttftnfiiliiA fihla Viahva«n the wide open chimney and a low win dow opposite. Betide this window was. the door giving upon the way down to the shed sheltering the welL Ah, I re member the weather of the preceding; day had broken ; heavy clouds made.it very dark, and a thick, misty. rain was clinging close to the hills. But the door was half open, forit was not cold. Before anybody spoke again, a shadow-passed the window, farther obscuring the murky: light it - admitted. Hen the door . was pushed, open,- and Gwynneth herself: came ra next moment. She eras looking ', very besntifid as' usual, though pale unto death, and. her: pom: ayes- more: dazed andfu-offlookiiigtiianevec. ' She had ouly a white kerchief tied , loosely; over bee bead; beneath , which' streamed her nutbrpTO'bair— alas ! now a little BtreilcEd eHft' itilvaB; I eec: h» ainly in agrayBUiiruwu,ailbeBiiiirtiiedand. tran. Tee, and when she - walked ' Oh, Bobert; at lart we xueet ! Why iBTe yon been sway eo long, and never to have written ! Speak tome, kind tell me she is not yonr wife — ahB that I saw Ton with on the .dS0B,'mnd standing an the moonlight atihe windowi T«U me this, at least, if ydnHbaae no more to my.' 'l ean hear her veryvuice asHhirik ot it,5 continued Die veteran dimmer: '¥« ; febe h eld uat her liand as if-ex- ' purring himto takeiL He turned, utterly belildered, towards Mm Burt, who, now dvaiieiiig, -took "pbor <3wynnsthle ont- Rtretched hand, and endeavoured to draw her node. 'My Reaiv'-ehesud, ' come to ma Yon don't know this gentleman - Le hes never seen yon faeEne; yra are qnite ndftfaken. Come, let me tafce you homa' 'No, no,' mid (Jib d; 'I jun ,uot mistaken. X will not go home without him : now he has come ;hai, he mnt come home with me — it isiiis home too. If he does not, brother willheiight ; .he arid Robert had deserted me, bnt l knew better. Gome, cornel' 'Bat this gentleman is not Robert — yonr Robert,' ineisted Mrs. Burt, . 'al though bo like him.' 'Oh, doo't tell me that !' cried Gwynneth. 'He will not ssy anyone hntiiimBelf ave me this as -a token of his love, acd -bid me .weer It for hie sake.' 'She hastily undid the neck of her rimro, and .removed a thin isilver chain necklace with a little coral hand hanging from it as a pendant. Directly the gentle man saw it as she h.lfl it towards Iilm! he took it eagerly, crying in amazement : What 3 Who 2 How came yon hf this I' -and then quickly to Mrs. mirt : ; What does it mean 1 "Who is this poor, mad girl V ' Gwynneth answered ' Yon, Robert ' Tea £ave it me — -yon know yon did C I "Great Heaven !' he exclaimed suddenly; ' I eee A all 1 My wretched brother — and ehe has mistaken me far him ; and bd at first, I suppose, did yon, Mrs. Burt, and that is why you looked at me eo wonder- iogly. For we are — we were — greatly \ alike, and have often been mistaken. Rut when was he here, and what name did he pees by f ' All was irony, confusion, astonish ment. But the old man in htB reverie recalled even the details vividly — bo vividly as to he greatly moved as the remembered the effipot of the discovery ' oo Gwynneth, when they were able gradually to . make her poor, bewildered mind understand something of the truth. And that troth, simply put, was that the twin-brothers, Roderick and Robert Craven, though bo marvellously alike in pseson, were absolutely opposite in character. The first, an upright, honour able, accomplished gentleman ; the second, a scampish, lying, untrust worthy, ne'er-do-well from his boyhood, but his mother's favourite, of course. The necklet had been hers, given to him on her death-bed. Hi« family had heard nothing of him for three years — heard nothing of him' ever again, so far as the old man knew. Gwynneth had canght a glimpse of Roderick (haven through the window, as he aat writing, on the first night he arrived at Bower Well Cottage, and had tapped at the casement, but when he | opened it, was afraid to epeak when so nor the house, and therefore beckoned j him to go forth. The next day dm w him walking with his wife, and was faeaiiakirksn caw him again in the evening standing with the same woman at the window of the bedroom, in the moonlight. In her wild jealonBy she faad rnshed home and told her bmther. He, not quite sober, became furious, seized .his double-barrelled gun, and, despite her entreaties, rushed through the garden of Bower Well Cottage, Fung up the gravel, and it is difficult to fit it all together. Still, as the neighbourhood said, he might have been hanged for it— would have been, but for the clemency of Mr. Craven, for in those rimes hanging was common for far less offences. The last virion of the past which the oldyieniaaav ILuggfa the emoke of one more pipe was the litrismossy monnd, with a stone cross at' its head, -nestling under the .trees in the rural churchyard. As this died away 'into 'smoke with the zest, he gathered the contents -of tte old desk together — they had come into his possession nearly fifty years before, in his capacity of execntor and adminis trator of good Mrs. Bnrt'e little estate. He never knew how Roderick Craven, the anthor,: happened to leave his mana- aenpt .behind him, bat there it was ' amongst the irnt of her effects. Now he glanced once more through some of its pages, and then consigning them to the flames, slowly watched the writing as it Ln ,ied to . ashes 'and fell in blackened, shapeless masses upon the hanrthiftw before which he sat. 