CRICKET. ForTie iBecond: time this *easoa has the kangaroo t^W'tttroatunb tq the 5ioni add tb« ch&ai;^-t&g; Australian Eleven in the' match against England, at Lords, proves the truth of mv lone ago expressed opinion' that they, 'were' about equal to a strong county, but had no earthly chance, of beating an .eleven of England, -or even a well-geleeted team of players. In the match which 'tas just been con cluded the Australians Were outplayed at every pojnt of the game— their batting bowling and fielding being alike inferior to that of the Englishmen. It ie true that they played a bit 's^iB.' No doubt they must feel the effects of the hard work they have done. But given all this in, at no period have they been good enough to beat a -picked eleven of Eng land. The new men. have' been decided failures. ..Neither Bruce, Trnmble, Hcllwrait3i, nor (I am sorry to have to add) Erans have, exhibited anything like the form expected of them. Tramble certainly made 20 rnns in the second -.innings, but he was sever comfortable while at thewjekets,..and I jexpected to see his wicket fall long bffore it aid. ^ Bpnnor was as lame as a cat, and played vary feebly, and Blackham seemed -quite off color. Jones, as usual, 'batted very well, bat little BriggB carried too many guns for him. The only man who showed really good cricket was Palmer, but he could get no. one to assist him. : Spofforth failed lamentably with the ball, and Englishmen no longer eeeinto fear him as they nsed. . . On -the English -side Shrewsbury's innings wilt Jgo1 down to posterity as one.o| the very best exhibitions of batting that has ever jbeen seen. I- 'He never gave a ghost of a chance until he 'was . caught put. The 'possible chances' tosp-and^o -recorded in- the papers e^ist'sd only iaj&a; reporters' imagination, stfextr to him Barnes showed '??the best batting form. But the hero of the match. ~ was undoubtedly little Briggs, the Lancashire professional, for to his fine bowling is mainly due the signal sneeess of the Eng lish side.- -The wicket was decidedly in favor of 'the batsmen, yet he took in'tne first innings five, wickets at a cost of only 29 runs, and he followed up this' per formance in the second innings by taking six wickets ?for 45 rnns, or eleven wickets in all for an average ?of less than 7 runs per wicket ; which, against 6t£ch batsmen as Soott, Jotes, =Giffen, Palmer, Bonnor, and Jaryie, may well be; called wonderful. When ipans went in a curious thing-happened. ? Jarvis hit a ball straight into. Briggs's hands at mid-off, which, Tiiirdbile dictu, that wonderful fielder did' not hold. The next ball went into A. G. Steel's paws at extra mid-off, and he also, grenerally-sb sure a catch, failed to hdd it, Evans.;:had started for a run (an easy one), but Jarvis wou^3n't go, and Steel, picking up the ball, sent it in flying and hit the wicket befoii poor Ted could get back to Mb crease.- Altogether the 'luck of the game' was decidedly against the Australians, but not sufficiently so to account for so unmereilul a thrashing as they received. They have got another chance of recovering their laurels -in the 'rubber' match j which isrto be played at the Oval on 12th proximo, but I -cannot see how they are to win it. ??'??' Mr. C. E. Green is arranging a match between the Australians and past and present Cambridge Uni versity men, which Bnould .be very interesting. It wilL be played on the charming new Essex county ground in Leyton-on August 23. ,. 