IRoveltet PUT ASUNDER: LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIVORCE. By BERTH AM. CLAY, 1 AJtrroqa or " pis one mistake," " thbotvn osr a^E WOELD," "A STRDGGJjE FOE A E1NG," "ABITTEB ATONEMENT," ETC. CHAPTER XIU.—(Continued.) " In name, in love, in hekrt, but sot in thoughtsand opinions. It 1b a very different thing ; giving yo.ur heart. and giving your .mind are quite distinct , things. I gave yon my whole heart, Rudolph, butl di£ not give youmy mind. I have reserved that for myself." Lady Castlemainfe, having the keenest wit, pnd womanlike; the quickest flow of words^ • genflrally; ydn the victory; but they were vicroriea.whiflh cost her dearly. Each controversy, each stoutly contested. ' argument seemed. to weaken' in, some little degree the love of the man who could not endurecontradiction or opposition—who could , sot brook any idek except those he had himself It wou\d<not have mattered in the least, bad thej been left alone ; after a few .minutes the wife would have gone to her husband, and said: ..'•• '' v :•' • */ C How foolish we are to argue and disagree over trifles. *Wbat4oes Enjthing matter pro- ' vidpd tfnly that ^e love each other." V'/'. Or the husband jrould have sought his wife, andsaid;: : . - •. V- "We willnotargue, darling; let mystronger thoughts -guide you, Iet.,.yoqr sweeter . thoughts guide me; nothingNmatters but that we love eadi Jother. 1 ' Bat tins never happened, for there was someone always athand,to fan every tiny \- gparkihto burning-flame, toirritate, toannoy, -tode^en every badimpreesion. y • ;Alwaysat<hahd whenever ofte of'these little ^d&&Uffiibns;«cctUT^di »ldfew days passed without ihem, she noted with quick, keen ears all ^/that ws!s saidj, and she knew exactly how to . fan the fire. ...' . f / Xiord Castlemaine would go to his favpucite seat, the great window- seat in. the library, or , out hn the 'southern terrfe ce, from inhere one could see "the shining" blue sea, and take a. cigar to oonsole himself. So sure as ,he lighted it, he would find the beantiful face and \- '£gure of Isabel by his side. > . " I must try to convert Gertrude to your • way of thinking," she would begin; and then a feeling of irritation rose* in his heart that even a shadow oould lie between himself and his young wife. " I will convert her myself," he would answer, proudly. Then Isabel would shake her head. " Ido notknew; I am not sure that you \- will." she would say, doubtfully, and that irritated him the more. Then she would seek her other victim, and would kiBS the beautiful face, and say, laugh- ' Ingly; > " You mcst not give in to that husband of yours,Gertrude; he has great ideas of his own authority." ' * fTartoo great," she would reply, laughingly. "He wantis three years' apprenticeship to a clasB of strong-minded women. I fear that even X am too meek for him." , /^"You must not . give way to him, or you •will entirely loEe your own individcaUty," said ^Isabel* «I shall never do that," said Ladv Castlemaine, proudly ; and although she loved her husband with all her heart, there was always « sense of angry irritation,left after one of "'these conversations. It was a web of another : kind that Isabel . Hyde was we'aving now. . It was more suceeBsful than the first. Then she had tried to weave the web of love ronnd the heart of one man ; now she tried to weave the web of hate over two hearts that, but for her, could never have been disunited. She laughed at times with a wicked sense of victory, and at times she wept, despairing of sucoess. ^ But, day by. day, the web grewlonger, and stronger, and less liable to break. 1 CHAPTER XIV. US SOT INTO TEMPTATION." It is a terrible thing to throw one's self wilfully into the way of temptation, aB Isabel Hyde had done. Knowing that she loved , Iiord Gastlemaine, 'she should have kept'the ; breadth-of the-world between /herself and ' Mm,-but in her reckless desire for vengeance in her mad, passionate desire to fulfil her vow, she forgot or utterly ignored the danger and the temptation for herself. Sh^had given, unsought and unasket 1 , the 'whole pasBionate,love of her heart to Iiord Gastlemaine. She had hated with insane liate beautiful girl who had, as - she considered, taken his Ibve from her. - SheJiacT volunterily placed herself under their roof fbr the purpose of seeking vengeance. But she forgot that in: so doing she must suffer unutterable pain herself. * Every kind and loving word that Lord Gastlemaine addressed to his wife was like a fiword in her heart. She would grow cold, eick, and Jaint when she saw his great solicitude, hie care and attention for her. Her heart burned with jealously and envy., There came a morning when a damp, cold windt seemed to sweep the warmth away: the atmosphere was all damp, the skies grey and lowering; the sun had set in sullen discontent for ihe day, and Lord Castlemaine saw his wife, wrapped in her costly furs, going out; lEabel was with her. " Gertrude, where are you going ?" was his first question. " I am going to Sedmoss," was the prompt and cheerful reply. Radnioss was the nearest town to Neath Abbey—a bright, pleasant town by the spa. "To Rsdmoss I" he repeated. " With whom are you going darling ?" " With Isabel," she replied. " How are you going ? I hope you have ordered the brougham ?" Ob, RadoJpb, what a string of questions! No, I have not; we are going to walk." The conversation took plaee in the great entrance hall, where L^rd Castlemaine met the. two ladtes. H<? went cp to his wife, and laid bis h&r;/d 6n tbe fur sheen of her jacket —a magaifloent fur for whieh ha had given a fabuieus price—one of his wedding presents to her. •'This is warm," he said, " but, Gertrude, darling, it cannot shut out the damp. You must breathe the damp air, in spite of your warm furs. Do not go out; or if you will go, order the brougham." She cried out impatiently that it would not hurt her, that she had often been out in the damn, and would have no carriage. "You. make me feel like a delicate old woman when you fidget about me in that -'way." She looked up at him with a smile as she spoke, but there was some little sign of irritation. Isabel Hyde stood by, a silent spectator; each word, so cxpraseive of bis tender solicitude for her beautiful rival, pierced her heart. " I will not be an old woman jet,'? repeated Gertrude. " I like you to go out in the frost," said Lord. Castlemaine; " that hurts no one. . But damn air is quite another thing." " Oh, Radolphj" cried Lady Castlemaine, " you will make me impatient/ " It is not an old wom<in you resemble," said Lord Castlemaihe. ( \It is a beautiful white rose. Now I ask you, Gartrude, how could a fragile white rose live in this miserable damp?" There flashed upon him the light of two beautifal dark eyes, in whioh lo?e, pain, scorn, and dispair were all told. "Is all your care or selicitude for white roses ?" asked Isabel Hyde; " have red roses nothing to fe^r?" " If you take my advice you will not go, ; he said, slowly, " I do not think it ia a fit* ting day for any lady to go outJ ' " Still," she continued, " you would not havd remonstrated if you had seen me going alone." He looked at her somewhat wonderingly, knowing nothing of the storm of jealousy that rent her heart in twain. " Well," he replied, " you see, Miss Hyde, it is not - the . same thing. I might have advised it you, but I could / not interfere with you, "I may go out and get killed with the damp, andyou would not say one'* word to zne," cried Isabel* ! " Forgive me, but how very impetuous you ladies are,", he said. "I have displeased you, Isabel, and half'ofiended Gertrude'; yet l eannot imagine why." " Youare over solicitous for me," said Lady 4 ? Castlemaine. " You are not eolicitious enough for me," cried Isabel Hyde, and then seeing the startled look in his eyes t she began to.laugh, but jio woman ever laughed with such an effort', before"; her jealousy had fbr the time carriedher.beyond herself. '- All that loving care and solibitade for Gertrude-^the wind must not blow too roughly on her, ihe damp must not • come, near her ; but what <Iid.h6 care fat her ? Hie was so anxious and eolicitious about Gertrude that he did not efem .to notice whether she were^oing out or hot. But the wonder in his eyes called her to herself. What right had she io show any jeaJpuey of another woman's huabiand. , > . ^ She laughed, but there was little music in the laugh. f While 3 so muchyjare and solicitude, are to he had," she said, " I may as well claim a share." " You will always have it from me," said Lady Cabtlemaine; "I strongly advise you not to walk out this damp, unhealthy day." He looked at her kindiy, and she felt ,that to have that sense of loving care always over her she. would give hex life itself. "I shall go," said Lady Castlemaine, "damp or not damp, I have 'determined to gotoRedmoss, and'go I will." x " I will not," said Isabel Hyde. " Lord Castlemaine is quite right, the day'ia against us." After those few kind words and that kind look, Gertrude could not have opposed him, so a compromise was made and a carriage ordered. The incident, trifling as it was, helped Isabel to weave a' few more threads in that strong subtile web of hers. ^ She took Lady Castlemaine to task in a fashion quite her own. That afternoon, as they lingered in the warm cozy boudoir, over a cup of delicious tea, she commenced her attack, • "Gertrude," she said, "you do not understand yourhusband." " Not understand him 1" cried Lady Castlemains. " I bsg your pardon, I am quite sure that I do." Isabel Hyde shook her beautiful head. Na, my'dear, you do not. I really believe," she added, somewhat imprudently, "that I should understand him, in.time, bester than you do." No jealousy stirred Lady Castlemaine's heart; she only thought that Isabel was a little too outspoken; still she would like to know what was meaut. " What do you mean, Isabel?" she asked, gravely. "Nothing to maiie a tragedy about," she replied. " I was thinking of this morning. £ was so struck by his care and solicitude over yen, and you grew impatient with him." " I am not very inpatient," said Gertrude, with a sudden contrition, 41 1 own it, but I cannot endure to be fussed over and wstched. You are right, Isabel. I was, as you say, ,impatient without cause." "I knew at once that it was His-care for you that made him persist," continued Isabel. " I have often noticed that wheu he tries best to please yoa, you understand him the least." Lidy Castlemaine could not explain, even to herself, but something in that moment seemed to rise, like a shadow, between her husband and hersclt. It was not jealousy; as yet that fatal and terrible passion had not awoke in. her heart. Ib was an intangible something—a shadow; iand the clearest idea she had after the interview was, that shfjdid not really understand her husband, and that other p^eople tsould read his character better than she-could. She ielfc'farther away from him that day -than she had since they were married. •It was a miserable day to Isabel-;- she had voluntarily' placed herself in temptation, yet she could not endure to see Lord -Castlemaine's passionate love for his wife. Once, as she was standing on the grand staircase, waiting for something thaf her maid had gone to find, she saw' husband and wife meet quite accidentally in the hall. It was in the shadow of the winter afternoon, before the lamps were lighted. She heard Lord Castlpmaine say: " Gertrude, darling, is that you ?" Ske heard the gently murmured " Ye3." Love alone usbb such tones. Then she saw him clasp his wife in his arms, and cover her face with kisses. " My darling, my beautiful wife. I shall come and have a cup of tea with you." Isabel turned away, utterly unable to bear it. If by one wish, if by raising her finger, she conld have struck the white-rose beauty from Gertrude's face, she would have done 1 it. In her passionate, jealous rage, she caui<f have struck dead the man she loved. " Lsad us not into temptalic-n !" The words came to her like faint sounds through a mist. In her heart—that jealous, cespiiring heart, full of lore for a man who had never loved her—she felt capable, in that moment, of any crime; ehe could heve el«ia that fair young wife; she could have slain the man whose dark, handsome face had lured her to her doom. She turned away. Daath would have not have been so bitter as the pain that rent her heart. An hour afterwards, when Isabel Hyde went, as was her custom, to the warm, cosy boudoir where the tea awaited her, Lidy Castlem&ine; looked at her in wonder. " Isabel," she cried " how ill you look ! You have lost all your beautiful colour. You deserve to lose your name; you are not at all like a Bad Rose—and you are trembling, actually trembling." " I do not see anything wonderful in that, Gertrude; any one might tremble on a cold December afternoon." I will give you some hot tea," said Lsdy Castlemaine. " Rudolph said he would join us." • He came, looking so handsome, eo brave, so kind, and his eyes weTe so full of admiration and love for his wife, that Isabel could hardly bear it. " Lead ub not into temptation I " Yet she had come there purposely to be tempted herself, and to tempt others. That dark winter afternoon, as she watched guileless, innocent love, the simple happiness of husband and wife, she repeated her vow. She would part them ; come what mipht, cost what it would, she would part them, for ever and aye. , But how was it to be done ? Spirits of envy and hate help and aid her 2 How was it to be done? CHAPTER XV. THE KINGS AND QUEENS OP ENGLAND. The Christmas week was ended, yet none of the guests felt inclined to leave Neath. The holiday had been 'so pleasant—every variety of old English sport and pastime had been in requisition—charade parties, balls, private theatricals; they had almost turned night into day; yet, the day was not long enough. It was a time never to be forgotten by those who enjoyed it. Lady Castlemaine and Miss Hyde were the two queens; Lady Castlemaine young, beautiful, gifted w?th high spirits, always bright, always ready to enjoy everything to its rulie&t; extent, was the leader of the revels. Isabel Hyde, beautiful and graceful, too, followed her lead, and no one knew of the shadow of tragedy that hung over her, or of her terrible vow. "I have been so happy here," Ehe said, one morning, " that I shall not like going away." You need not go away; stay until the end of January; I shall be delighted, &nd; I am sure Rudolph will."." ' Her heart ached just a little at her own treachery; the fair face looked so smilingly into hers ; ,the blue eyes were so clear and guileless; the invitation had been so cordially given. Yet she knew that her only object in stopping with them was, that she might work her cruel will and part them. Good impulses came to her at times ana pleaded for them— pleaded to her to go away and leave them— to put Lord Castlemaine out of her'life—to be true to the beautiful woman whom she called friend. \ ^ "What harm had they done to her?" Lady Castlemaine had not taken her love from her by treachery ; neither had the earl been her lover, for the love was all on her side, .not on his: he had never even been conscious of it. There were times even now when she almost wished that she had let bim see how much she loved him; and yet she would have lowered her own. self-respect, and lowered it in vain, .for from the moment he beheld Gertrude he had neither eyes nor ears for any one else. . " I do not think," she said to herself, bitterly, "that if I had gone on my knees to him, to pray of him to marry, me; that if I had been as beautiful a3 Venus, and descended like a queen, that he would have married me." : ' There were times when she gave herself up to wondering over the strange problems Wt life: as to why - it was that she, who could have been so happy, should find the whole wqrldjjo dark arid dreary because the love of her life was given to one who did not.love heE. She never reminded herself that it was her own faults—that she had voluntarily and willfully encouraged that love to grow in heir heart, knowing it to be useless; that she had given free rein to a passion that should have been crushed a§ the first. She blamed Providence, circumstances, fate, chance—any and everything, except herself. Of all the impulses that came to her, of all the good thoughts aid the bad thoughts, none were strong enough to cause her to falter in her purpose. Her purpose in life was to separate husband and wife—to kill the great love that lay between them, and put hate in its place. She worked perseveringly and industriously ; she never allowed the slightest chance to pass. If she could possibly make Lord Castlemaine impatient with his wife, if she could irritate him against her, if she could rouse obstinate self-will that was so strong within him, she would be happy. x If, by some laughing taunt, some sharp, cynical remark, she conld rouse Gertrude's pride against her husband, she felt one degree nearer victory. Yet it was all done with such skill, such craft, such subtlery that it was impossible for her to be detected. She never lost one chance. One morning Lord and Lady Castlemaine, Miss Hyde, and several other visitors, were together and were discussing tableaux vivants for the evening. " Let us have one tableau from that most picturesque period of English history, the reign of Henry the Eighth," said Lady Castlemaine. She turned to her husband with a smile. " Which of all Eing Henry's wives do you prefer ?" she asked. He was silent for a few_minutes,)hen he replied: " Catharine of Aragon," " And I," she said, V prefer Anne Boleyn. I do not believe any of the scandals about her. She was a beautiful, unhappy woman. Anne Boleyn is one of my favorite heroines in history." " There -is onestbing* about her that I can never understand," said Isabel Hyde," and it is, how ..the long could hate her so deeply after loving her so much." " There yoa touch upon a strange metaphysical question," said Lord Castlemaine. " It is said' that love turned to hate 'is the moBt bitter hate of all." - "I cannot imagine hating.any one who has been dearly loved," cried Lady Castlemaine. „ " I can," interrupted Isabel. " I agree with Lord Castlemaine; love turned to hate is the most bitter hate of all." 1 4 You remember," said Lord Castlemaine, " that most expressive line: " Hell knows no fury like a woman scorned.". He spoke quite unconsciously, not thinking at all of Miss Hyde. But she gave him one glance—it said so much that if any one had interpreted it, that person must have understood the position at a glance. " Love turned to hate," sighed Lady Castlemaine ; " the idea is a very powerful one. I wonder if there is much* wasted love in the world." 1 4 Yes," said Isabel Hyde, briefly, "you may be quite sure of that." v Ycu must read Evangeline," said Lord Castlemaine, and see what Longfellow says about wasted ejections. He declares that affection n9ver it wasted." " I do not believe," eaid Isabel Hyde, " that he could prove his words. But we are going a long way from Anne Boleyn. You wouia like a picture from that most troubled time, Lord Castlemaine ?" " Yes," he said; " I have often thought how interesting a ee»ies of historical tableaux would be—one taken from each reign. It would be interesting and amusing.*' " Ycu would be Xing Henry, 3 ' said Isabel; " but, Lord Castlemaine, you do not look the part. King Henry was fair, and florid, and stout; you are dark, and—and—I was.going to add, handsome: but I must not say that." She added in her own mind that he had indeed the grand, dark beauty that pictures give to Spanish kings, and her eyes told her thoughts plainly. x "If we have that tableaux," said Lady Castlemaine, " I should like to be Anne Boleyn am sure I could act a character that is familiar to me, and one that I like." " And I,", said Miss Hyde, " should like to be Catherina of Arragon." " She was old and plain," interrupted Lady Castlemaine. "She was his wife," replied Isabel; "he loved her first and best ; he loved her well and faithfully—for how many years ?" "He loved Anne Boleyn more in.the few years of his wooing and his marriage, than he did Catherine, spreading his love over all those years." "I wonder," said Isabel, "which,of his wives he really loved the best. Each one seemed to have, separate and different characteristics. Catherine was 'every inch a qoeen,' a royal lady, true to God, and to duty. What she must have suffered when she found her husband's love going from her to one so young andbeautifulas Anne—the tortures of jealousy, the fear, and the doubts. I should say that no woman ever suffered more." " I hope not," said Lord Castlemaine. "Then," continued Isabel, "comes your favourite, Lady Gastlemaine. Her one characteristic seems to have been her bright, wonderful beauty—her laughing, coquettish nature. But what a short-lived triumph 1 While the king wooed Jane Seymour, how she must have suffered in her turn all the agonies that she inflicted on Catherine 1" Jane Seymonr must have been Very beautiful," said Lady Castlemaine. " She was young, fresh, and fair, : history says, I should think she was shrewd and calculating. She had .seen a queen deposed to make room for Anne Boleyn, and she resolved that Anne should be deposed for her* I do hot think that I'care much for her;a colourless character, I think." " Then comes a character whom no one loves—a character without romance or poetry —Anne of Clevea. I have plten wondered where Clsves is." • " She walked in and walked out of history," laughed Isabel Hyde. "Then comes a wife for whom I have always felt greatest sorrow, sympathy, and pity—that pretty, wilful child, Catherine Howard; she was but a .child. I was reading somewhere, the other day, that the night before her execution her cries were so terrible and eo appalling, that strong men who heard them trembled. " I wonder," cried Lady Castlemaine, " that the whole nation did not rise up to a man and tear the monster from the throne. That is the most wonderful part of his history to me—that he was allowed to live." " Then comcs the last wile of all, Catherine Parr. I always think off her as a motherly woman, dressed in gray or: brown, and much given' to serious reading." "Psrh,ap3 on his death-bed," said Lady Castlemaine, " he saw the ghosts of his dead Vwives—Catherine, whom.he tortured to death by breaking her heart; poor murdered Anne Boleyn; Catherine Howard, slam in her early youth; Jane Seymour, whom he forgot as soon as she was dead. How, which of, these wives did he love "best ? " " Catharine of Arragon—there oan be np doubt of it," said Lord Castlerciaice. " She was the love of his \il&~they were bat the loves of an hour." . . .," Do you think a man ever has two loves in his life? " asked Isabel Hyde, and she looked with a cleat,, straight glance into the earl's 1 eyes. - " No," was the prompt reply; " every man has-one love that is above all others, and which, is never repeated; " and he, in his turn, looking at his beautiful young wife, seemed to say, " Such love as is mine for you." This did not please Isabel, who could read his thoughts as plainlj as she could heaT the outspoken words of nthere. She turned the conversation back to its own channel. "I wonder," ehe said, slowly, "whatpeople would do in thes'j days if an English king behaved in such a way." " The^ would give him short shrift," said Lord Castlemaine, quickly. " Englishmen, in these days would not stand by in silence, while a young and beautiful queen was beheaded," eaid Lady Gastlemaine. " People would soon begin to want to know more of the divine right of kings." " If we' have the tableau," interrupted Isabel Hyde, promise me that I shall be the wife the king loved best, Catharine of Aragon." "I will see to that," laughed Lord Castlemaine ; and Lady Gastlemaine smiled as she said: "If the poor Queen Catherine had been one half so fair as you, there would have been no Anne Boleyn. CHAPTER XVI. THE BIVAIi QUEENS. Never had the grand old abbey of Neath been filled by such a crowd as that assembled there during the first week of the new year. It was a dream of fairy-land, a dream of delight. The night that every one enjoyed the most was the one devoted to tableaux vivants. . It was the crown of all other festivities. The old abbey was -brightly illuminated. The light from the numerous windows streamed out in great ruddy floods on the white, hard ground. The lights were eo brilliant that they could be seen far away. The abbey was eroded with guests from far and near; the neighbours who had 'driven there caring little for the cold of the winter's night, caring little for the frost and the snow. Rumor had been busy, and much had been said about the beauty and magnificence of the tableaux, of the rare loveliness of the ladies who had to take part in them. Not an invitation was refused, despite the disadvantage of wind and .weather. The tableaux were to be held ia what was once a magnificent 'banqueting room, in the days when the Castlem&inea; entertained the kings and queens of England. A more modern and smaller dining-room had long since been built, and the old banquet-hall was heed as a ball-room or for private theatricals. It was an invaluable ;room at Christmas time, for it would hold half ithe residents of the county. Such a room to dance in 1 There was no other like it. But to-night it presents distinctive features. There is a stags with crimson curtains before it, row after row of easy-chairs and velvet-covered benches; there are magnificent decorations of flowers and Christmas evergreens; the great chandeliers are filled with wax tapers, and the light, though brilliant, is soft and pearly. Such an audience' was gaihered together —all the aristocracy for miles around. Half the county was there—young and pretty girls, fair and bonnie matrons, husbands and sons. It was, indeed, a brilliant gathering. Lady Castlemaine received her guests, then went away to prepare for the tableaux. She wa?, as usual, the most beautiful and graceful hostess, who had a smile and kind word for all. Every one agreed that the arrangement* were most perfeet; nothing could have, beep better. What a lovely mixture of choice hothouse flowers and evergreens! The stage wae as large ae that of any theatre.' The seats were all so comfortable and so well arranged, there was nothing but praise and admiring comments. Lady Castlemaine looked especially Joyel; .on that occasion. She wore a superb dr<?e"f of white satin, exquisitely trimmed with sprays of mistletoe.' She wore the famoar Castlemaine diamonds, fend in the land theft were none finer; she looked.regal and beautiful, and all eyes followed her admiringly. The series of tableaux had been most beautifully arranged; no~expense and no trouble had been spared. The first was from Millain' " L?s Huguenots," that most pathetic of ali pictures, where the Catholic maiden implores her Protestant lover to tie the white handkerchief round his arm, that he may be saved from the massacre ; but he, will not, not even to save his own life will he wear for onf moment the emblem of a faith which hi scorns. At first Lord Castlemaine and Isabel hat! been called upon to take the two character*, but at the rehearsals it was decided tbai Isabel was too dark, that the girl should bf represented by one who contrasted with him one. who was very fair and had golden hair— Lady Castlemaine. Every one pronounced it to be a perfect picture—the fair comelinesf of \ the girl contrasting with the dark, proud beauty of the man; the imploring, beseeching prayer on her face, the grim resolve on his. It was a lovely picture ; and when the curtain fell there was great applause. Lady Castlemaine trembled. " Rudolph," she" said, " I did not know that one's whole soul went into these pic tures; mine did. Rudolph, if you had beep that Huguenot lover,' you would have let me tie the seai' round your arm, would jov not?" He caught her in his arms just for one moment, and kissed her with desperate passion. " I would have done much for yoUi darling," he said. " I am not sure, though, whether I could have done that ." " I would have made you," she said. She raised her fair face to his and kissed him. There could be ho mistake about the passionate love that husband and wife had for each other. Isabel's vow was not near its fulfillment yet. - Then followed a scene from " Faust and Marguerite," beautifully arranged and highly applauded, which was followed by a picture from " The Lady of Lyons"—Claude Melnotte and Pauline. Pauline was one of the young lady visitors. 1 . , Then came the four tableaux that Lord Gastlemaine had arranged, and which - many had come especially to see.' The first was King Henry the Eighth and his wife, Catha- -rine.of Arragon. He wore,his royal robe?, and a magnificent king he made. Queen Catharine,' in a superb dress of velvet and ermine, a .crown of diamonds on her dark hair, stood by his side. He was seated; she stood, with one hand on his shoulder, aB though pleading with him. " " Every inch a queen !"- N In her whole life Isabel Hyde had never looked eo royal, so beautiful I Her dress suitedher to perfection; the sweeping velvet, the xich Ermine, the royal crown. Art could not have lent that rapt, loving expression to .her face. Her eyes,as they rested on the king,, -were luminous with love; expressed wifely devotion, womanly tenderness, passionate love; and yet, althongh they said so much, they did not tell one-half of what lay in her heart. A beautiful pictcae, intended to represent the home-life of the King and Queen Catherine. "Muchto young for the part," was the general oomment; " but how most exquisitely beautiful 1 What a face I what a figure 1" But the praise and the homage were less than nothing to her;.all she oared to see was one flash of admiration and love in the eyes of Lord Gastlemaine^ She did not see it, and her own grew the brighter for -their wistful longing. The curtains fell amid loud and sincere applause. Before any one had time to oome upon Ihe stage, Isabel turned to leave, with a quick flash of-her dark eyes. " You,should try to look as though you loved me, at least when we are on the Btage together," she said; and before he could give her an answer she was gone. The true meaning of her words did not strike him ; she was not quite like the ordinary run of young ladies, and he must .make allowances. He laughed as she disappeared, but he would not have laughed had he known what was in her heart. v Then came a beautiful picture. A story is told in legend, not in history, how Queen Catherine, going suddenly into her drawingroom, found the king on his knees before Anne Boleyn. Neither of them knew of her entrance, and the king went on with his passionate, loving words. This was the second tableau of the series; some thought it the most beautiful; the kneeling king with all the. passion of his heart and soul in his facs; A nne Boleyn with the light full on her lovely features, on her fair hair, her gleaming jewels and^ picturesque dress— the expression of her face so sweet, so yielding, so lovingi There stood the angry queen, and; for once in her life,- Isabel Hyde allowed her whole nature to speak in her face. Passionate love passionate anger, passionate despair were all there. A face that was at once beautiful^ yet terrible; the love of.a life-time, the love that would neither count cost not crime was there; there also was the passionate anger, rage, and despair, more bitter than death.- A silence that was more impressive than applause followed. The terrible paseion on that dark, tragic face could not bo soon be shaken off. • The third tableaux was taken from the scene known in history, where ,Anne Boleyn, then reigning queen, finds the king embracing Jane Seymour, and knows—poor, hapless lady!--that her doom is "sealed. Lady Castlemaine commanded universal attention; there was the same expression.ia her face that impressed the audience in Queen Catherine's passionate love and despair. The fourth and last tableaux was the beautiful and hapless Anne in her cell the-7 aight before her execution—a picture of unspeakable loveliness and pathos. The queen, in a long white robe, her hair lying like a veil over her shoulders, kneeling before a table, tin which rested the portrait of the king. Was she thinking of his wild pursuit of her, of his ardent love, of his worship of her beauty ? " Sow often the beautiful head that to-morrow would lie low in the dust had been pillowed on his breastl Was she wondering to herself how he could slay her, when he haa loved her so well ? Those who Eaw the picture never forget it. When the curtains fell, and Lady Casilemaine rose from her knees, she was pale and trembling. "Rudolph," she cried, "a shadow has fallen over me. I wish I had not joined in these tableaux. I am not Acne Boleyn, I am Gertrude Casilemaine. You would not slay me, even if I did more than people say she did? You would forgive me and loye me always, to the end? See how my hands tremble, and my heart*.has crown cold. Nothing could part could it, Rudolph ?" " No, my darling," he replied, kissing the pale, beautiful face. " You have tired yourself. I will bring you a glass of champagne." She drank ic, but the colour did not come back to her face. "I cannot think," she said, " what is the matter with me. As I knelt there quch a strange feeling came over me, as though what I was doing then was some'faint foreshadow ing of what some day or other would happen tome." He kissed the sweet lips, that trembled still "Rudolph," she cried, "do you think.I shall ever kneel before: your pictured faee, with my heart broken at loosing you ?" 1 " No," he eaict. 1 Gertrude darling, I will sever "have aayioer tableaux in the house if they effset you in this fashion:" Then Isabri cmd6 to them. " We are not only rival toees" she said, laughingly, "but we are rival queens, Gertrude." ' ".Gertrude has made herself ill by giving her whole hfe&rt; to the performances." " I am quite sure," said Lady Castlemaine, " that I eh till feel, all night, as though the see Gold was waiting'-for me in the morning." . . And although sh'e did her brat, that feeling remained with her during the rest of that brilliant evening. " I want to speak jost. one word to you, Lord Castlemaine," before yon give up your kingship. Tell me once again, that I may remember, whieh of these wives of yours did you love best?" Isab&' 'had met him, as it seemed, quite by accident m me narrow passage leading to the dressing-room—met him and stood still bsfere him, holding his eyfes, as it were, with, her own, while she asked him the question. He was half startled for one minute, then, he answered: - x " Catharine, tG be sure." . " Then I amglad I was Catharine—slighted, despised, and repudiated as she was, I am glad that I was Catharine. I have been queen to your king—I th≪ remember that." , A vague thought that the ladies, some of them, must be on the point of insanity, came over Lord Castlemaine's mind, but he dismissed if;. He was clever and keen, and the strangs thing was tb&t; he had no idea, notthe fainteet suspicion, that Isabel Hyde was or had been in love with him. CHAPTER XVII. THE IKLtS OE. GOD. Most young married people take some time to understand each other, to fall into each other's ways, to ic-arn to forebear, to be patient with each pther-s faults. Lord cad Lady Castlemaine were no exception-to Hhe general rule, vihey had dlfferencesof opinion. The husband, although he spoke at times impatiently to his wife, loved her passionately. Lady Castlemaine, although at times wanting in patience and kindness, 1 had- the same great devotion for her husband. They, quarrelled sometimes, they differed in opinion, they uttered V few. sharp, hasty words; then they kissed and made friends, • just like other husbands and wives. They were perfectly happy in their married life— h&ppv; in the presiBnt, and hopeful for, the future.- - - / was nearly tbe end of January before the gay party assembled at. Neath- Abbey dispersed ; and up to that time Isabel Hyde had made no progress with-the fulfiUment of her Vow. She/was, if possible, more deeply*in ,love with Lord Castlemaine than ever., The short, fleeting hours when, 09..the<8tage, .she' had acted'the part of his wife, had :don<3 her incalculable harm. She seemed never to forget the event,,and it led her into, a ha^familiar kind of manner 'With him that would have aroused the jeaJoasy dtfwine^mrigj but Lady Cafitleniaine never B^eined to notiee it. • . •"•'.'•••"• ' v • .. • ' ' . • • \ , They were both grieved to part with her.; they had begg§d her to stay longer with them, but she bad answered, laughingly:. > - " - "I must go sometime; I eannot stay, always. I cannot live with you; but I would if rcould."- V "The only comfort.is that we shallaee you in town. We are going early, perhaps Lady Gresson will let you come to ns for a few weeks then." >. • .• \ "That would, be delightful 1" said Isabd Hyde, with a sraile that was so much Greek io Lady Gastlemaine. v / ' Thiscarrisga- was at the door; the white snow lay frozen 1 on -the ground.-; the sobinredbreaeta flitted about on the bare bough* ; the sky was blue and cloudless, and the Wind soughed around the grand old wall6—a bright, beautiful winter's day. , ' .• ; • • Lord Castlemaine was going to drive Miss "Hyde to Redmoss station. Other guests had been driven by the ecachmat^, but ehe had looked in her host's face'when the manner and time of her going was mentioned. "You will drive me?" she said. "How 1 many happy rides and drives I have had with you 1 and this will be the last 1" " The last for a time," be replied. I hope we shall often ride together in London." " Do you-really hope that ?" she asked. < " Assuredly I do,'' was the .reply, in a tone of wonder. x They all three stood on the drive; the horses were impatiently pawing the ground. Lord Castlemaine want to the carriage to sse if the rugs were all right, and the two beautiful women stood alone 'for a few minutes. Lidy Castlemaine had thrown a fur cloak over her shoulders, jei she shuddered as"the yriad blew. " I am afraid," she said, that you will have a dull Journey; it is so very cold." "I am quite sure of that," said Isabel. ^ I should be dull at leaving yon if it were the brightest day in. summer. I wonder what kind of season it will'be; a brilliant one, I hope." " It is pure to be," said Lady Gastlemaine. "We shall not be rival roses this year," said Isabel. "You csn never again be a rival; you are victorious. " We shall not be rivals; we never were, in that sense of the word. Isabel, yon will not forget one thing—that you have called me friend?" ' "I shall rot forget it," she replied, with a peciiHar smile. " The greatest pleasure to me of the coming era-oa is that I shall see you sgain," said L%dy Caftlenjaine, as she kissed the face of the girl that, was to bring such unutterable woe to her. ' • . ' And so with a kiss, false as the kiss of •Julas, they parted: That evening, over her dressing-room fire, Gertrude, with her husband, discussed Isabel Hyde. . ' '" She reems so very much attached to us," sSid Lady Castlomaine, !' I think myself quite fortunate in having found such a friend. You have known her some time, Rudolph; how is is you did not fall in love with her ?" " II" he replied, easily. " Ah, my Gertrude, she is beautiful and clever, but she is not the style of girl I sKould have loved. You are my style, and no other. We have been, married nearly a year, and I am even more your lover than I was on our wadding-day. You are, and always must be, the. one only woman" in the world for me." As Gertrude kissed the lips that had uttered such loving words, "she thought herself the most fortunate as well as the happiest woman in the world. / / If the stars that shine above us and hear so many vows, could but tell how often thev are made, and how often they are broken 1 If the tali trees, that stand with their great branches erect and bare, could tell the vow3 made under their shade—so fervent, so earnest, one would think they must be immortal—and they last about a year 1 How the stars and the trees must laugh at such lovers' perjuries; how often this love is changed or dead before the leaves have f^-a and the green comes round again! •''.'••V^C . While husband and/wife eo Isabd Hyde was in her^wn room Seaton, where she was Lady CreESon. and ffoe was :faoe tol^ol^^ a faiinre, a complete and perfeet faUuret v The last thing she had seen was how Lord Caetlemainfe, after hei ranged her rugs and had made her. •comfortable, hastened from ftia cirria|. whew his wife stood, wrapped ih herj . OlO&k.; • ' : N ^ " How handsome he looked standings the the winter sunshine, his daik-ftce aH: * with love ! , ' '. v'- Little heeding any ld&kers.on;',,he Copfr . trpde in his arms and kiBEed heir. / v ' Good-by, my darling 1" he eaia. ^ not be gofce long." t •'.,:•;• As they drove away, ,to 'the'la^ thiSi lingered on her-, and whftn they .cojali^ no longer, hp began to talk ^abdu^h^i every word that he nttered wits in loving] of her. • ^ -' :v-' Isabel Hyde had to listen \nd- ire. Most people would have been quite 4*e She was going away; it Was .uncertain, tc the least of it, when they would meet ! and he had no thought for her; his and mind were full of his wife; .'-*'" \,V-'i Even at the railroad station, when ha arranged her travelling rugs, seen^tlaLt^ had the moat comfortable teat in a,first-|! car, when he brought papers and peiriedi to amuse her during the journey, whin hel shaken hands with her and had hidden good-by, she could tell thai his thoughts^ still with Gertrude; for he eatfie back to M just as the: train was statting-4sot, as *l fondly imagined, to speak a kind wore to her, a last farewell, but to eajp-V;*-y " Do you think Gertrude is lookuig as well as she did in town ?" • . ,. " v •' •-'/'•:..'* Her patience gave way as she .anBWfered t . v " Yes, I think she looks ik^iaii^iifc possible for.her to lcok." > But if she intended her. answer -to;ibe ¥ .sar-' t castic, her sarcasm, was all lost, en^ely lost i on Lord Castlemaine, in. whose eyes /always looked beautiful.- •. Then the;train went on its way, arid .sooipr left-Neath Abbey far behind. . ; .vfC Isabel went with a scnse of f^uxpY ; aQ3V now» as she sat in her room., ^on^ wie 1 faoe to face with the knowledge that although she had brought all the power 'of hear on her purpose-=-that ol- .^tq^'-S^lr chief between iiusband and wife, andvoif x"* ^mately parting them, she bad iganminiot fuled. ".•'..'" ; • .'n" ^ She sat fqr some time in snen^ J&en; olenohed her white hands, - v;' *"' ^ > 