THE MISSING BRIDE. BY S. A WEISS. -with Alice Graves as his bride. It was Alice Graves’ wedding eve, and the young people with whom she was a favorite were busied in putting the last fini[?]hing touches to the floral deco- ration of the village church in which the ceremony was to be performed. As with drft and busy fingers they disposed the freshly-gathered roses here and there among the evergreen garlands, their tumuea moved as busily as they talked in groups of twos and threes about the bride and groom, and various matters connected with the wedding. Slime were disappointed that there was tn be no wedding party, but only a sober ceremony in the church, with the bride attired in a travelling suit. What .satisfaction could there he in being a bride if iherc were no bridal dress, or vtii, or wedding oaifty 1 The cro on, Mr Gilbert Warner, had proposed to give a supper and a recep tion at the h del, but .-.lice had si Gined strangely sec upon her own plan of leav ing immediately after the ceremony for her future home away in the South. The giris wondered whether Jon Curtis would be at the. marriage. Some though; he would .shrink from the ordeal ct seeing hi-, old sweetheart the bride of anuihiT, while others were of opinion that Alices treatment of him had es hanged the love he had once felt for her. ‘the certainly did treat him shame fully !’ said one of ;ho group which was standing close to the vestry door. ‘ We all remember the attention lie paid her, and how she seemed to encourage it. -In one dountvd it would be a match; for my part 1 felt awfully sorry for Joe vdien she came back from the tiouth en gaged to this stranger, Mr Warner.' 1 Hes a better match for her than Joe Curtis,’ said a lively girl, rising and shaking from her dress the stray leaves that clung to p. ‘Mot as good looking, Nhiips. but he’s rich, and Alice can ™ve all she wants if her husband is ftnemua enough to give, it to her. I’ve Mten heard her say she would like to have plenty of money, and for my part I don t blame her. One cun be so much happier with money.’ I don’t believe that Alice is marrying money,- saij a tall, dark-eyed girl, '■ l: J nows indignation in her tone. ‘ i ate o iierved her, and I am certain 'hat i,he j a [mire in love with Mr Warner , ai * ever she was with Joe Curtis. I 0,1 1 think she ever cared for Joe except ?? a friend, though she might have Ought so, I tell yon, girls, one never nows when one ia really iri love until e r, §ht one conies.’ , there was some more light tuatter, and the gay group, having com '.i 6 , admired their work, left the * I>rc ‘ l n, 'd dispersed to their homes to , f Mre fur being present at the wedding e -rCil!«Ji,y. 5 i d'd not know that their talk * , een overheard by a tall, daik 6-nt email who stood just outside the eBv fy diiiii- and that their, careless . *j 8 ! aii limited av-sharp.pang of doubt Lcf , OUB .'V n a heart which an hour ,°fe had been brimming over with the happiness of a loving and Crusting bride groom. ' ■ Mr Warner and his * boat man ’ had come quietly to the church, at the re-- quest of the clergyman, in order to go through a slight rehearsal necessary to the perfect carrying put of the proposed ceremony. The clergyman had not arrived, and while waiting for him and the departure of the ladies who were superintending the decorations, Warner had approached the vestry door, which stood a little open, and hoard the whole conversation the other side. It was a shock and a revelation to him. Was it possible, he thought, that he had been deceived in the fair girl, in whose love he had so implicitly trusted! Was it true that she had'ever loved another, or that she marrying himself, as her thoughtless young friend had hinted, for money? But then came the words of the grave, tali girl with dark eyes, to soothe and reassure him. Yes, he would believe Alice true and noble, as he had hitherto thought her, he said to himself, though even at the moment he was" conscious of the pang of doubt which would intrude itself despite his resolve. Up at the Little Graves homestead just on the borders of the - village, die bridal party were assembled—Alice and her six bridesmaids. The suu had set, already the village church was lighted and the people were wending their way thither, eager to get possession of the most advantageous places for witnessing the ceremony. Alice, attired in complete travelling costume was in her own room. At her request she had been left alone until the carriage should arrive to convey her to the church. She looked about the cozy little room, which had been her own, at tbe little ornamental articles in winch she had taken so much pleasure in. fur nishinii it, and through the open side door into the garden. This last was a favorite haunt of hers. At the end of the walk leading from her door was a vine-covered arbor, where she had spent many a quiet and happy hour with her books, or work. Why should she not take a last look at this spot, and at the flowers which she had trained over and around it ? It was out of sight of the road and of the other part of the house, so no one could see her. Slowly and pensively she strolled down the walk—paused for a moment under the arbor; then, approaching the linie gate which hero opened upon a green lane, she stood looking across the fields towards the woodland. Tbe sound of swiftly-approaching wheels aroused her. It was Joe Curtis, in his gig, driving rapidly down the lane. Before Alice had time to turn away, he drew up suddenly opposite the gate on which she leaned. ‘ I don’t know ihat I ought to intrude upon you at such a time, Alice,’ lie said; 1 but I have just seen old Aunt P.-ggy Barnet, and she was speaking of you. Do you know that, as I passed her cabin, the old soul was standing in the door way watching for you ?’ ‘ Watching for me?’ Alice repeated. ‘Yes. She said she knew you would not go away without bidding her good by, as she might never again see you,’ A pang of remorse shot through the girl’s heart. How was it that she had been so pre occupied with her own att'airs so as to have forgotten old Peggy Barnet, the good and kindly soul whom all theyouuc people called aunt, and with whom Alice bad been, since her babyhood, a special favorite? ‘Oli, if 1 only had time!’she said, remorsefully. ‘I feel as though I could never forgive myself for being so forget ful of the dear old woman, and she watching for and expecting me, Joe,’ she added, looking up hastily, ‘ do you think you could drive me there and back in your gig? It would not take ten minutes, and I—[ have an hour ! before me,’ she added, with a blush. ‘ If yon choose, Alice,’ he answered, a little hesitatingly. ‘ No one will see me ; I shall be back before I am missed,’ she said, in her usual impulsive way. And tbe next moment she. was seated in the gig by the side of her old friend and fonn-r Inver, speeding down tbe lane toward P-ggy Barnet’s cottage. Ac the church every seat was filled and an impatient crowd awaited the bride’s arrival. It was already past the appointed hoar. Two messengers had been des patched to enquire into ihe cause of the delay 7 , and in the vestry room the groom and his attendants awaited the expected summons. Suddenly the vestry dour opened, and one of the deacons of the church entered, with a face in which ill news was so palpably written that. Gilbert Warner started to his feet.’ ‘What is it?’ he said, quickly. ‘What has happened? 1 And then he heard what every one in the village church was already repeating to each other. Alice Graves and Joe Curtis have run away together. They were seen driving at breakneck speed down the Mill Bond in the direction of the station —to catch ihe north-bound train, no doubt.- Warner heard the news in silence, but with white face and set lips. ‘ You will follow them, of course,’ someone said. But ho answered coldly : ‘ Certainly not. She has chosen, and I have no with to interfere.’ And he added bitterly, to himself : ‘ This was why she wished to be married in a travelling dress.’ nd when, some two hours thereafter the southern bound train went shrieking past the nearest station, it bore away among its passengers,. nut a happy bridegroom, but astern and disappointed man. -a- * « -ii- Time went on its way, with the changes which time always brings. Eiye, 10, 15 years passed, and the village, where Alice Graves had lived bad prospered, and was fait growing, into a little'town, with brighter- prospects ahead. • 1 he Little Graves liomestead.no longer 'stood alone in the midst.of -its., garden.- and fruit trees, but was encroached upon by newly- built houses, and a board nailed on the old front porch, informed the public that the place wai .‘For Sale.’ ' ’ . ' . ' ' Ono autumn evening a-tall,"-grave, middle-aged gentleman stalked slowly up the street, with his eyes thoughtfully wandering over the faded old house and the neglected grounds. V Pausing where a boy - was idly swing ing on a gate of one of the bouses, he said— ‘l see the property over there is for sale. Who is the present owner V The boy, like most boys, was anxious to give all the information in his power. . ‘Old Mr Landon Graves was the owner, but he’s dead now—been dead two years—and the place belongs to his daughter, Miss Alice.’ ■■■■■■■■' 4 Miss Alice ! You mean Airs—Cur tis V said the gentleman, hesitating at the last name. ‘ She ain’t Mrs Curtis. That’s my mother’s name,’ replied the boy. And a lady who had been standing unseen among the shrubbery came hastily forward. She was tall and dark-eyed and comely, "and she looked keenly at the stranger as he stood in the twilight, - ■ 4 Miss Alice Graves has nevermarried,’ she said. 4 1 suppose you must somehow have heard the old story which got about of her running away with Mr Curtis on the evening she was to have married another. It was all a mistake— a false report. She merely rode a short distance with him in his gig, to take leave of an old lady of whom she was very fond. But the horse was youtig .and skittish, and taking fright at something, ran away, throwing them both out. People believed it to be an elopement, until when, some hours after, they were found on the old Mill road—Uice badly bruised and Joe with his leg broken. The man she was to have married be lieved it. and” left her without a word. Joe Gurus is my husband now,’ she added with a smile, 4 and Alice Graves, though she has not lacked offers, has never married. She could not easily get over a disappointment like that.’ 4 But why was not he—why was not Mr Warner informed?’ enquired the stranger in a voice of such suppressed vehemence that the buy turned and looked at him wonderingly. 4 Alice would not allow it. She was as proud as he; and when she heard that he had gone she said— 4 If be could be lieve such a thing of- me, it is as well that we should part. Let him go.” Bur. i r went to her heart, and for my part I think she has never forgotten him.’ The stranger made no reply, only palled his felt hat over his brow, and Mrs Curtis added— ‘lf you would like to enquire about the place you will find Miss Graves at home. 1 saw her upon the porch a few minutes ago.’ She watched him as he went slowly down the street. ‘He thinks that I did not recognise him. As if I would have said what I ‘did about Alice to any one hut Gilbert Warner! And I can see that he has not forgotten her, either. Ah, I hope it may all come right now ! ’ When Gilbert. Warncs knocked at tile door of the old Graves house, it was opened by a fair graceful, sweet- looking woman, in whom he had no difficulty in recognising his old love, Alice, Buf it was not until he stood in the full light of the parlor lamp that she knew him; and then she involuntarily drew back a step or two, and looked at him with a white face, as though she had seen a ghost. 4 Alice—don’t you know me?’ he said, holding out his hand. ‘ I know yon; hut why do you come here T she answered, as though striving to be cold and proud, while her voice faltered and her eyes filled with tears. 4 1 come to ask forgiveness,’he re plied. • Until to-day I thought that you had wronged me—and you did, Alice, in not letting me know of my wretched mistake. So many years of happiness lost to us both ! Oh. Alice, is it too late 1 May we not. yet be as happy as wo once expected to bo V It took some time pleading, some humiliation on his own part, for high minded Alice had been deeply wounded by his too ready belief in her desertion of him. But still her heart had never really swerved from its first real love, no more than bad bis own, and when Gil bert Warner left the little town it was as he had Ivipcd to do 15 years previous- 