SUCCESSFUL ENTEETAINMENT IN AID! OF ST. VINCENT'S HOSPITAL. The entertainment given by the Sao Amateur* Minstrels (of Paddington), on Tuesday week, in; aid of St. Vincent's Hospital, was one of the most enjoyable and successful of the kind ever given in the city. The New Masonic Hall, in with a fashionable audience, a very large per centage of the assemblage being Protestants. Captain Lindeman, E.N., and the officers of the Naval Brigade, whose special patronage had been secured were present. The first part of the pro gramme was taken up with what is known as the ' chair business/' with Walter Meredith and Mr. Ted Cubitt as tambos, Mr. Dave M'Beath and Mr. Sid Charters as bones, and Mr. F. White interlocutor. The ' corner men' contributed the comical items, and the vocal sentimental element was admirably supplied by Mr. F. White, Mr. F. Spencer, Mr. H. Watt, and Mr. D. Hathaway. A funny nigger extra vagance, ' The Ghost of Benjamin Beiins,' in which the parts were taken by Messrs. Meredith, Charters, M'Beath, and Cubitt, wound up tho first part. The opening number of ptirt two was a fine performance of a series or popular fantasias, ' Eound the world,' by tho splcudicl band of the Naval Brigade, ably conductod'by tho band master, Mr. J. Devlin. The band gave their services for the occasion freely. The Sao Minstre j orchestra fol lowed with some selections, Mr. W. Eainsford, Mr. J. Sharp, Mr. Shearsby, Mr. H. Shimmeld, Mr. Crump, Mr. W. Sattler, Mr. E. Copp, and Mr. J. Devlin being the principal players. Then came a most hilarious song and dance by Messrs. Charles and Fowler, a stirring battle song by Mr. F. Spen cer, a graceful sand jig by Mr. J. J. O'Connor, and a very clever and very laughable character ini peisonation by Mr. Walter Meredith ; the latter piece of business tickling the audience so much that the performer was recalled, and returning to the stage divested of his old woman's make-up, astonished everyone by a sprightly sailor's horn pipe. The concluding item was what was very properly called on the bills ' a screaming farce/* the title being ' The Ghost in the Pawnshop,' and the actors Mr. F. White, Mr. D. M'Beath, and Mr. Cubitt. The financial result of the en entertainment was, *e understand, some thing like .£80, and the fact that most ofi the members of the |ao Minstrel troupe are Protestants makes the substantial service thus rendered to the hospital doubly graceful arid ' commendable. Mr. W. Meredith, the Jaon. trea surer,' deserves a' special word of praise for his ?earnest . and well-directed efforts to make the affair a success, and in this regard Mr. F. White/ the business manager, Mr. George Mizon, stage manager, and Mr. W. J. Dixon, hon. secretary, should also, be favourably mentioned. Messrs. I). Brown, J. O'Connell, J. Poster, and W. and A., 'Seymour, all good friends of St. Vincent's, it should riot be omitted, looked after the general arrangements in the hall on behalf of the Sisters of Charity. 