THE SI0RYTE3XER. Ghost or Guardian. ? CHAPTER I. A rematucablk-looking man, cer tainly. ' Originality carried to the verge of grotesqueness,' might have bean tho verdict passed upon nature's handiwork as exemplified in the person of Dr. Kichard Meredith. In age he might have been about sixty. He was of middle height, and his unusually large head was covered with a mass of tight-curling iron-gray hair. Ilia eye Drows were niarKeu ; nis eyes ioo aeep seated for anyone to be able to tell what color they were.. His nose was a handsomo aquiline ; his mouth might have been handsome also, had it not somehow acquired the remarkable habit o£ nibbling its own upper lip in a fashion that forcibly recalled a hun gry rabbit. Add to this habit another equally exceptional — that of moving the entire scalp of the head at will, on an average three times in as many minutes — and the portrait of Dr. Meredith is complete. Jack from within his cage, flapped his wings and recommeud his wild screeuhings. It was evidently his playful method of greeting people. 'Smother that bird, Patience I' said the Doctor, iD short, incisive tones, which might have been beaten time to so regular they were. Patience pushed away a footstool near which she was standing, snatched — there was no other word for it — a table cover off a little side-table and threw it over Jack's cage. She threw something else at tho same moment — a gide-glanco at tho doctor which freely interpreted, might soein to say ?. 'If tho choico wore allowed me, I'd much sooner smothor you.' 1 Let me see ; I think your bap tismal name is Patience, is it not my dear ?' was the doctor's retort for the said side-glance. Then he shook hands with Frank. Uncommonly glad to see you Charteris. Of course you've come to stay ? ~No\v tell me all about your people at Carrow Park. And so you've been over- reading lately; have beon doing your best to make a blank of your brain ; obliterate tho traces of nature's line handiwork in it, and as nearly as possible reduco it to tho con dition of tho lad who plows my fields and sows my corn ?' Frank stared at him. 1 Who has been telling you V ho stammered, quite taken aback. 'You yourself my friend, with your woe-becjone looks,' laughed the doctor. ' Never mind, we'll pull you round right enough here. Splendid air, delicious situation ! Wow tell me — what do you think of my latest pur chase, this fine old house V This straightforward question was embarrassing ; more especially as . PafiAnco. who had (rone bank to hor svindow-seat behind the doctor and had taken up her knitting, suddenly sus pended it to enjoy the situation. But the doctor seemed to hare eyes in the back o£ his head. 'If you've anything to say against my house Patience, say it at once, don't spare .my feelings. It'll most likely be your homo for, years to come.' Patience fingered her beads as though she'd like to begin tolling her fortune all over again. Frank hesitated over his answer. 'It is no doubt a fine house,' he begun, ' but I've hardly as yet had a a full view of it.' ' Ah, and it posoibly looks to you a little — well, not more than a little — out of repair. It's just wanting a touch here and there from the painter and house decorator — eh !' ' Well, yes ; if you ask my opinion, that's just exactly what I should say it does want.' 1 And the grounds, the orchard, the flower- garden, no doubt you think would show to better advantage if I were to turn into them a troop of gardeners with shears, and rakes, and spades — eh ?' 'Really, I did'nt stop to look about me as I came in. There were some splendid old trees, I remember, dividing the orchard from the garden.' ? 'Ah,' said the doctor, wrinkl ng tho scalp oE his head so fast as almost to give Frank the impression that the whole mass of thick curls was grinning at him, ' I see you havo an eye for beauty. What will he say, Patience, when he has seen my botanic gard wonder V ' I wonder !' ejaculated Patience, turning up her eyes solemnly. ' Now most men, ' the doctor went on, 'if they bought a house of this sort, would set to work laying out a park, pleasure-grounds, and Jritohen garden. Now what's the ubo of a kitchen-garden ? Tell me that.' ' Well, really, Ire never thought much on the matter To grow pota toes and lettuces, I suppose.' ' That shows how much you know about it ! And what'a the use of park and pleasure grounds, orchards, smart houses, troops of servants, men and maids, horses, carriages, pigs poultry, aud such like ? What does a.tiy one of these things do for anybody, 1 iiak you V ' Well, really ! — it's like ' MaugoalFs Questions.' Will you give me time to think V ' My friend, you should have the. answer at the tip of your tongue. They servo simply as outlets for a mjn's energy. If he has too much — a fact, by the way, which has never come within the seopo. of :.ny observa tion — lot him by all moans ^fit rid of the superfluous quantity in all or any of the fore-named channels- But if he Has barely a sufficiency for his every-day requirements, let him do as I have done — cut off one and all of those multitudinous outlets, conserve his powers, and concentrate them on one object in life. Now, I suppose you want to know why, iuHtcad of buying this tumble-down, . neglected - looking place, I didn't go in for a clean, well-regulated modern dwell ing.' ' My dear sir, I never so much as opened my lips !' cried Fratik amazed. ' Ah, you see, you've expressive features. Well, I'll answer your question. Ten years ago I announced to my friends and neighbors that I intended to give up my professional career, I asked them frankly why on earth I should be bothered to go out on coll winter nights because John Jones had slinned his knee-cap, or Mrs Smith had congestion of the lungs 1 What possible interest could I have in keeping up the population of the earth when I think the earth would be very well quit of one-half of itf 'It's awfully wicked. It's like listening to a pagan to hear such talk,' came from the window-seat, with the sound of Patience's knitting-pins. The doctor turned and wrinkled his head fiercely at her, and then re sumed : ' So I said to them, ' Just let mo alone, every one of you, after dark. If you think you want medicine, and that it'll do you any good, come to me the first thing in the morning, and I'll give you just as much as ever you can swallow. But after dark don't dare to touch my door- bell.1 Now do you suppose it was of any use my making this mild and reasonable request to them ?' ' Common gratitude for the pro mised doses ought to have ttught them to respect your midnight slumbers.' ' Ought, undoubtedly ; but it didn't, Faster than ever they came, so soon as they found I was talking of getting off the tread-mill. Everybody within ten miles round made a point of catching fevers, measles, small-por, tic deloureux, and everything else they could manage to lay hold of. And every one made a point of being at the last gasp just exactly at midnight, with the thermometer below zero. Then I said to myself ; ' Now my friends I do you one and all. The old Manor House had been in the market for the past thirty years ; I put my hand in my pocket, and paid tho vory small sum that was wanted for it, and not a soul has beon near me since after dark.' ' 'Whw nnk P' nalrnA 'KVnnlj- Ilia curiosity now thoroughly aroused. Why not ? For the dimple reason that a belief in ghosts largely prevails in the community, despite science and common sense. And this old houBe is — now don't be scared — haunted.' ' Haunted !' But here Patience had a word to say. 1 1 don't believe it's hauutod; — I won't believe it's haunted! I wrote to Jack about it ever so long ago, and ho wrote back, 'and said : ' Ghost stories are all rubbish from beginning to end ' The doctor half shut his eyes and looked at her. 'Ah, did Jack make any other sapient remarks when he wrote last ?' Frank began to feel his curiosity suddenly aroused as to Jack's persona lity. His thoughts flew to the treat ment prescribed for tho Lannorean shrimp. 'Heaps, and heaps and heaps of them. He always does. All his remarks are worth remembering,' answering Pationce, getting veiy red, and making her knitting-pins fly with a wonderful velocity. 'Ah, they justify your admiration for them, no doubt. Only allow mo to remark in passing that, in my young days, young women were not quite so fond of expressing their admiration for young men in your frank and delightful manner.' 'Young men ! Why, Jack's a boy years younger than I am. I've but hnnn/1 hia on\\]a.r* nnri t.iflfl Ilia hnw fnv him hundreds of times !' cried Patience indignantly, her face exactly the color of the crimson cloth she had thrown over the cockatoo's cage, and her knitting pins are going at such a rate that one might have expected to see sparks fly out from beneath them. Her lips moved rapidly also. It seemed as though .she were counting the stitches with telegraphic raps. In reality she was repeating a formula which had been in general use among the young ladies in tho boarding-school she had just quited. It ran thus : I wish you woro in tho land — I wish you woro in tho land — In tho land whero tho pepper grows. It let off the steam so to speak, and it was suggestive. Frank felt this curiosity as to Jack's personality at rest. He strove to effect a diversion by asking a randon question as to the portrait of an an cient-looking individual which hung over the fireplace. 'That,' said the dootor, biting his upper lip, and wrinkling his brow furiously, ' is tho portrait of Sir Geoffrey Marren, the last owner of the Manor House. Jt does him more than justice. I am told he was hideous to look at, through his unfor tunate habitB of facial distortion ; he had a trick of blinking like an owl in daylight whenever he yras Bpoken to.' ' Is ho living now ? ' asked Frauk suddingly, at a loaa for words. ? Ho died fifteen years ago in Italy. I bought this property oE his executors, who were glad enough to get rid of it with its evil reputation. Tho story goes that — ' But hore there came a flutter and a sudden movomont from tho window seat. Up jumped Palience, stuck her knitting needles into her ball of cotton with a positive stab ; and then covering both tier ears witli her hands, made as fast as possible for the door. ' I won't hear that story,' she cried ; ' it'n all a make-up from beginning to end. - I don't beliovo in ghosts — I won't believo in ghosts. It's wicked to believo in ghosts. I won't hear that story. If I wore to listen to it I should never sleep another night, in the house — no, that I shouldn't, But, for all that, it's all made-up from beginning to end.' Herjast words carried her out of the room. The luncheon-bell clanged as she opened the door. The Doctor roeo in response to it, looking grimly after the girls's vanishing figure. ' There' ho said, turning to Frank, there's logic for you! She doesn't believe in ghosts and she won't believe in ghosts, yet she won't listen to my story, because, if sho hears it, she couldn't sleep another night in the house. There's a woman to the back bone ! Who can wonder at the miseries of married lifo ! Do you want to know why there's so little common sense to be found in the ?world 1 On the theory of heredity tho fact stands explained. All who have ever had the smallest modicum of it have died bachelors.' 