iiiMHrr Ti r i r i ifir Trrf--rri— TTiT|-rTwip-irrm r-gi /;-'. 's.p, ft.-i.-i ; s-jJ /.« «?> pieeiiKii lot, j dAnimaJIciA v ,x«d oe i< beebmingrnoreand mora a jjJiup in the English Parliament. I Thfecavj "estimates 7 vrere before Ihe Hoage al Gammons m Sew ' ;!;ftfiidoeia ito announced thatvory ./X-. IstfgQbdrtitiohi'are being mafletbtoBlmperfal iuiitytoremunmeBd !th>S :eriqdia visits is ehbaldbe made by . pdweful : .eMj&jfobs; M \- » hfthe Taoifip, -a .«g$iree on- qoBrtionaKyntrengthen Briti Jnnuenoe in \-- ibssa waters.- > . -'>. -,\ . '_:' "'"? .nbio oFlbr AMbntcA sftcp. '-- "_V r ; : $ii« ship l|an| itfonei sniet jtUi bbmtsapd vrtTof Captain T-H. Winn, left Melbourne a few \- flayaago in ballast for Calcutta, to obtain cargo - which she -:3u&;i fatted'.- j to. obtain in Melbourne. On Friday, >M the ' 7 Captain was sitting down < to bis dinner, , c V'toekn" wsiw ' smelt, aHfltit rapidly became knownth&t; toe ; vessel - was -hopelessly on \- fire. Captain, officer®! nndorSW5 did ail thfy ponld to save the vessel, but ultimately mm mnmnpll fifl to tftkreio the bd&id; The inward-bound vessel Antiope had observed the vessel in distress, and made towards her fa - time to see bet wreathed in flames, and to receive the crew on board. "_ Later on "the Llguria mail: steamer ' Ptood over to render help if needsd ; bat, as ; theship bad been abandoned, nothing more " . required tb he done, except to relieve the anxiety of psoplein town, who- were awarea vessel was burningbnt had ho kaewledge of , it# identity. . . The Prtul Jones , was an \- American vessel of 1.2CH5 . tons - register, \- built t»f pine, and r painted white : inside and otrt. ?his was her first - appear ance in Yfatorfah "-' waters. How the ' fire occurred has not been revealed, hat . that it broke nutin the lazarette appears io be cart&in.; ;Tbs sptotsdle of the burning, ship fa said; ho have haen awe-striking, arid likely to haunt the imagination, of, .those who witnessed it. Portanatoly, the Ibss pf the '' vessel oeourrednear toiand.and within reach of help. ; MQD AT.TrTbo oolouiee are constantly . being' threatened ' with . FjreBoh: designs npn . the New Hebrides, and the iatentions of the Government of . the Bsjpablic to ship large : consign ments of convicts to New .Caledonia 'Lately we have been informed, over and over again, that it is io'eaded to ship a . thooeapd more convicto t© New Caledonia, ..t ' and "the Agents Geherai were asfasd to prick the Colonial Office on to aotvbn to stay soeh a dqplprable coarse. No Bcbner, however, have lhe aathorities g propsriy extited ' over the matter than word is received that there is no trath wh&tever; in the story. . 5et there was nnqqestioaalUy : a great deal of troth in the a report. Bat ior Aastralran \- protests throtrgh: the Foreign GIBce, the convlet8 wodld have heeniflenfaent,' and the New Hebrides would have received them. tJot 'New i CAiedonia, for "New. Gatedonia is /alieady :" ovif-crowded. by - French prjscn .1 «wam; Becaara New Caledonia is over- . .crowded', the -New-Hebrides ;arp odetod,;ac.d, . asvfon as Bngland coasehts to France annexing those .islands, 'they will be made ooBviet depdis. British politician s; are 'V reported to he quite agreeable to France . taking the New Hebrides, on a flimsy promise that; they are not to be made' penal " - . seitlemeniseven atthotigh the whole bf the ealonies protesCagaihat the ifijastioQ of sach a course, and .the donclhHbn ls bepig forced . npon the colonists that Gladaiohe intends.to saorifica colonial interests aAecofld time. He should remember that ' a silken cord " will not bear much tension. V THE liffSH QUESTION. Mr. - Gladstone 4s : not: likely , to find the hrkh : . .qnestioq a r problem esBy of eolation, -suid appears to be &Dxioas; 'to make some iittls altoration in the scheme " origlnly propounded of handing over to An "Irish Parliament the " expenditure of \- £200 000 000, for the pdrehase of the holdings . of the Irish landlords, "it islbOw discovered that £1S(),006,000 will cpvOr the soheme. Mr. Gladstone, toe, may : be. loohd to have . materially altered bis opinions in view of . the, \- ' discussion npon his firat annoanced projects ; end the fact that Messrs. Gbamberlun and, : r Trevelyan have abandoned him ; and John ' Bright haavxpreBsed bis dissatistoction with . the Irish policy "of the Premier. Mr. Gladstone . . |« . shortly to make A spetoh declaring What the policy la to And. inthe "meantime, he asks hon. , . mcmheto.L'tQ!h siwpiical. ol the \- various reports which iro Oarreht as to his prop08»to on the sn&jedtr; , ' ' . ; 8UNDAY OPEKHfO OF DIUSEUIIS. + Ihere lib piuoh satisfaction expressed \- . Amongst . those 'who tfesire tc-.:brask ' '. down the i)f ol Best, And introduoe the Con. ttomital Bnhday, at the faiA that the Hoase of Lotos has paesiedA r<«oluttbn favrmrable to Ahe opening of mueenmsAnd protare galleries onTSnndays.' This is the flrst pooasibn npon which the Hoase of 'Lords has ponsented to the demands of thoro who desire to make Sunday a day for pleas arieg, although the voting On a simitar resolatron, introdaoei by Lord Tharlbw in March/ 1885, oat£ie very close to p defeat . of . ' the Sunday observance :party inAhe Chamber, the vpting being a tie, . sixty-four to sixty-lour. The motion was negatived hy the casting vote of the Lord '' Obauoellor. It is anticipated that an attempt will be ma.e daring next session of the V ictorian Parliament to carry a .similar r \- - nBtlAiai; ; DISUPBAEANCB pyA/pAN: MANAkR. / / Banking icstitatidne-are eabjeet to many trials And viciBBitades from .bsnkraptey to toe paltry pccalatiom Seldom, hpweyer, Is it recorded that a bank manager has 3 titpes red without any deficiency, appearing in his accounts, and with no visible doe to his whereabhts. . This to the' case, however, with Mr. E B. Holt, the manager of the Sydney branch of the Btok of New Zealand, who, on Thornday iat, was found to have mysteriously vanished from bank, home, and aecuetomed haunt?, and who has not since been t-een. Mr. Holt, it is testified, was a discreet, careful, and popular roamgsr, whose rotations with the bak were very satisfactory, and the greatest surprise is fiypri«»nd ooDoerpiiJg his sadden disappear- '119011 toason given fo whtah' i8, toat; he' Ae:ehgagea In a camber jpl nsliy and unfprtnhate specula . tioDs,v which have involved him personally in serious fictancitf trouble. . \- THESDAY;With the - diligentse and Able&tioh; to details for wbicA the management Of' -the Gommissi oners' Savings Bank Af , Victoria Is -rema,rk». Able, -«ui Axhaastive ; retoni of the hmiinARft done durihe February has Deeh ' compiled.-. showing, "as customary cow-a- days% Jurthemcrease on that of the previous month. No less thaA L2,204,327 rwaS held to the credit of depositors on the 28th hit., of Which totaMil,3I3,132 was due to clients in : Melbourne and suburbs. The Ahmher of; transactions : during the month,-— that is, the number of deposits and number of payments — was no ' less than 43,944, the vast majority, of course, being in Mel- bourne proper, although both Fitzroy and South Melbourne have a respectable total. The Increase of deposits over payments reached L31,315 4s. 3d., while there were 105,446 accounts open on the last day of last month. Thus there was an average credit per head of L20 2a, lid. TheBe figures speak volumes for the thrift- of the people of the. colony, and yet in tlm return before us there are some unsatisfactory features. Why, for instance, should Geelong contribute fewer accounts by 2,0C0 thai Fitzroy, which "Sandhurst equata ? Again, if the latter city has 9,906 accounts open, it does no credit to Bailarat that it has only 8.222, although it is noticeable that during the month there has bsen a larger increase than in Sandhurst. Belfast and Portland, again, do not appear to afford much support to this admirable institution, for, although established over a quarter of a century, there are less than 750 accounts open in each city. On the whole it would appear that white the dwellers in Melbourne and suburbs give evidence of their prudence by investing their moneys with the commis sioners, those of the country either place " their spare cash elsewhere, or else require a considerable stirring up to. prevent them lapsing into imprudence — that bane of the rising generation. VICTORIAN LICENSED VICTUALLERS, The Licensed Victuallers' Association of Melbourne have taken up the position of law breakers, and at the meeting of the .association which attends to the interests of the trade,, several membera distinctly avowed their intention to defy the clauses in the Act which prohibit Sunday trading. The association has, it appears, agreed, "in View of the serious loss which wculd accrue to some- members by not selling on Sunday, to allow publicans to net as they pleased at their ovrti risk. ' As -a matter of fact, the law Is being broken by a large number of publicans, although some of the more respectable of the class consider themselves bound by the Act to refrain from the illegality. The obvious reply to the challenge of the publicans to the Chief Commissioner of Police should be decided and vigorous activity to uphold the law to the fullest extent of its stringency . ' AESBNIC IN PANCAKES — A. TRAGIC MEAL. . A terrible tale reaches us from Border Town, in Sonth Australia. The tragedy, which Is the cobsequenee of carelessness, has eventuated In the loss of three lives, and there is a possibility of others of the nine victims succumbing, or at any rate being seriously affected, by the infusion of the poison through their systems. Mr. Oliver fa one of the leading storekeepers of Border Town, and his wife -conducts a large dressmaking business in connection with the store. The family, store assistants, and Mrs. Oliver's employes were in the habit of dining together, and on Monday ail eat down together to a me&l;, which included rabbits and pancakes. The diners were Mrs.- Oliver, E. T. Peate. Mary Cunningham, Ellen Fleming, Edward Ksesehagen, end Elizabeth Binning ; Frank .Oliver, aged six years; Walter Oliver, avad four ; and Flora Munt, aged seven, Mr, .Oliver was absent from the meal. Soon after dinner there were symptoms of sioknese amongst the party, the child. Walter befag -the first to appear ill. Mrs. Oliver, it appears, thought there was something wrong with the food, and/ desisted from eating; but she does not appear to have warned the rest. Boon After, all became sick, and she then com- inenoed to adminls«,er remedies; but the girl Fleming left, and got to har sister's honse" where she was treated by Br. Mountain, who at once detected symptoms of arsenical poisoning. After treating Miss Fleming, the doctor started to ne uuver8 place, . wnere rus prsend services were refused bv Mrs. Oliver, who thus made a second mistake. She declined the doetors's cervices on the ground that she had administered remedies to the poisoned ones. Later, a clergyman called in Dr. Steven to the patients, hut the "pbfaou bad' made great headway Frank Oliver and Flora Munt died during the evening, in spite of the attentions of Drs. Steven and Mountain, and the others were in jeopardy, Mary Cunningham, the cook and house keeper, being especially ill. The remedies applied proved timely enough for the majority of the company, but not for Cunningham, who died , at four o'clock on Monday .morning. The inquest on the bodies of the deceased did not reveal who was responsible for the cooking of the mel, a fact which appears somewhat strange ; bat the manner in which the poison got into ths kitchen of the Olivers' huse has been explained- A psperhanger named Dais was employed in a honse opposite, belonging to Mr. Oliver, and left there, an unlabeled packet of arsenic and flour, used in mskirg paste to kill vermin prone to eat th<> fmeb paste laid on to a walk Mrs. Oliver, apparently economically inclined, carried this off to her kBehen, where it was used by whoever was cook — the name has not transpired —in making sauoe for the rabbits, and, being added to other flour, for the mixing of pancakes. ' The jury came to a sensible verdict. They censured the ohemiet (Peato) for selling arsenic without labelling it ' poison Dale for giving up the key of the premise io which he had been working whilst the pofar-n lay there ; and Mr? Oliver for using the flour under the cireumstancfs under which she obt ained It. . The moral of the ttogio otoprptoto is tifa flaying wltii pcfaoA, like playing with fire, fa apt to le to mhkt trsgic disaster. - Yet' how many there are, especially itf the' bush, who ato u tteriy repkless in the way they leaVe pofaons ; Within reach of the thbughtiess. ; c r pee A FOB A WEAPON- 1 AX- ; Unless we wish to revive in Australia tbfi t; custom common in the f digging days " of carrying firearms, and . to acclimatise the practice tn the - wilder parjfa of America of |- ;whipping out a revolver on -the - slightest ; provocation, and doing a little1 persuasive : sbnntinor we should CTtainiV takeEOme j steps to put down the free carrying pf weapons which is gradually becoming1 fashionable amongst a certain etas of . roughs./ The case of the draper's employe Richard M. Steel, who was before., the City Police-court .recently - for threa- , tening the life of an unfortunate bar maid who had been his paramour gives point to this argument/ "We have from the evidence proof that the fellow actually kept the woman, who was thoroughly afraid of" him, under duresB in the streets of Melbourne for many boors of th eoight by the forcible argument of occasionally presenting a re velvet loaded and capped to her sight, with threats that unless she accompanied him " she. would not go home that night," . and that he would sboot her, and then kill himself in order to relieve the Government of the necessity of- banging him. The cowardly fellow had been livicg on the girl, and on the night of his raena ees actually borrowed a few shillings : from her. The Bench bound the fellow ' over in a surety of £100 to keep the peace for- twelve months , — a quite inadequate sentence ; bat the question fa still left out of eight by the authorities — Why fa suoh a free use of fin- arms allowed ? There fa no necessity for an , honest citizen to arm himself in Melbourne, except in very rare cases, whilst tragedies , through the practice are all' too common, i Had teel been a little more insane, : intoxicated, or reckless, possibly murder wcu'd have been the outcome of bis possession of firearms. - j WEDNESDAY.— The cae cf the young j woman Hostage against David Henry, a j money-lender, to have acconnts settled in ! connection wicn certain irautfaunuB the parties, resulted ia a verdict for defendant. The young woman was entitled, under a legacy, to £501. She wanted to realise cash npon her prospects, and, as she stated, agreed to sign a mortgage of the amount to Hery. He g&ve; her, during eix months, a sum of £50, and, finally, upon paying her another £100. secured her signature to a document absolutely relinquishing her right, title, and rquity cf redemption of the whole sum of £501," For this document the woman ap pears to have received a sum of £5. Altogether. Miss Hostage got £155, and Mr. pfenry £501. The former, in the judgment of the Gourt, had signed a release, and Henry was entitled to a verdict. This is the legal aspeot of the matter; but what has a i ' paternal" Government, anxious to protect the weak and oppressed classes, to say in reference to the harpy system of usury which is so common In this colony ? Money- lending and pawnbroking systems may be groat blessings or great curses. All the evidence so far goes to prove that they are , terrible means for " grinding the faces of the ' poor," and depleting the pockets of the weak and inexperienced. A PROSPECTING VOTE. The mining associations are thoroughly In earnest as to the necessity for altering the present system of petty Government grants for prospecting, hut have net decided to cease ' calling on "Jupiter." At a conference held in Bailarat, it was thought that the proposal to raise a million by losn for prospering was rather too huge an undertaking, and it was accord ingly determined to revert to a former r demand upon the Government for £100 009 as a prospecting vote. . The conference approved a suggestion of Mr. George- Williams, the able president of the Amalgamated Miners' Association, that, in the event of ths.money being' granted, mining councils should be appointed to distribute the money. The adoption of this course will be another decided blow to " political in fluence." , TRAMWAY FATALITIES. The tramway between Richmond and Spencer street has been running only A few months, yet witbin that period there have been several fatal accidents upon the line. The saddest yet recorded is that of young Master Jamieson, aged ten years, a Son of Dr. Jamieson. . The lad, a promising knd intelligent boy, arrived at Prince's Bridge, station from the school he had been attend ing at Toorak, and ran across Flinders street . just as the tramcars were .crossing each- other. He paseed one oar, hat a parsing waggonette obscured his view of the tram coming in an opposite direction ; and be was knocked down and run over by the bars.' The little fellow was taken to the hoppital, and. After suffering „ the' agony of having his right leg amputated, expired. The sad fatality " must have the result of compelling better regulation of the traffic at the intersection of streets where the traffic is large and continuous. A RIVAL TO THE DILKE CASE. Adelaide has had a divorce case wbioh resembles in some of - its features the Crawford Dilke ease. . Rtehard Watson, a surveyor and engineer in the Government serrio«. sued his wife, Elizabeth Watson, tor divore?, o the ground of her adultery with Charles Cameron Kingston, a prtvminet politician. Nritber respondent nor oo-re- spondebt appeared, and, it having been proved that the respondent and Kingston had frequently cohabited together at the residence of the respondent's sister, th jury found that tha petitiohei's statement was true. A divorce follows the verdict. AN ABORIGINAL DEPUTATION, " Lo, the poor Indian," has been the butt of American humourists ever since the time when the poet wrote the verse which tells us how he, " with untutored mind, Sees God in oloiHs, and hears h>m in the wind,' and we are afraid the blackfellows w ho to day waited upon Mr. Berry to present him with a valedictory address will also become the joke cf " puny whipsters of the Press, " for fat. reality tpere fa something comical ip ithe autoor of ick/Weiindsd robbttog withvtbfa r black < recognition of itw torvtoes. tYetoWfe have very little doubt otnat Mr. Berry / -deserved the compliment of _ the adtf&a; W Barafe-and bis fellOTr itaffdi tot attention to their wants during the tune he ;iu office; He has evidently oarne. their graiitade, and it is something to je&To; in ffche twilight of the race, that fche-maoh despised Australian savage has a perception of gratitude apart from the cynical view of it as "a lively sense of favours to come." j / THURSDAY.— Tfce first annual conference i of the Railway Employes' Union was com meuoed in Melbourne to-day. Out of 9,000 railway employes Ia Victoria, there are 4,000 enrolled on the books of the association, whieh is a greater proportion of onion men than is shown in the ranks of English \- railway employes. The union iB fairly well off for funds, and their relations with the Commissioners are, satisfactory, although I there are numerous grievances which the i union desire to see remedied amongst many classes of the men. The discussion of the 'Various points of interest to the railway servants occupied twodays, and were very fully reported in The Daily Telegraph, The excellent good sense and courtesy which marked the discussions reflected great oredit on the members of the union. EMIGRATION TO THE COLONIES. The recent London and Leioester riots , have convinced the Imperial Government of i the necessity for relieving the labour market The Home Secretary has communicated with the Agents-General in order . to disoovsr whether the colonies are prepared to assist wish funds to bring out a number of the : working classes anxious to immigrate. The present is not the most opportune time for the suggestion, icasmuoh as there are many unemployed in the sister colonies of New South Wales and South Australia, a fact of which those . in Victoria opposed to assistei immigration in any shape will not fail to mske the most of. In New So'ith Wales a very large number of men have been assigned relief work ; and in Adelaide a meeting was held oi Wednesday, at which it was decided by | the working men present, That it is | absolutely necessary Parliament be at once I called together to deal with the commercial | depression now exieting, and for the purpose : of initiating works of a seasonable and i reproductive charaatsr, and that it fa ( desirable the dGties on the neceariea of i life : bs abolish 3d, and in li u thereof au i increase in the loud fax be substituted.'' Clearly the mention of immigration just now fa hkriy, from a working-man's point of view, to be considered inappropriate. A JEALOUS FOREIGNER. A German named Augutte Anderson eeeme to have gone completely mad with passion at findinghisadvanoes resented by a child scarcely thirteen je&rs; of age, living with her parents at Strawberry Hills, near Sydney. The scoundrel deliberately drew a revolver" and shot the girl through the bead, and immediately after blew his own brains out. The girl is likely to reeover, as the bullet has been extracted, and ebe has youth on her Bide ; but, luckily, her jealoifa admirer so effectually used bis weapon upon himself as to save any farther trouble to his victim or the State. TESTIMONIALS- Sir James M Culloeh, a former popular Premier ; Mr. Berry, a more reeent popular Premier, and subsequent popular Chief Sec retary ;- Mr. James Servioe, a Premier who has not been popular in the vulgar sense of the word, but who has earned the sincere good-will of bis fellow-oolonists by his display of gpod judgment during his occupancy of the position of Premier in an exceptional pdlitieal period, have each been made aware that the colony misses them. Dr. L. L Smith and Mr. Bosi&to;, also, have been informed by select parties of friends that they, too, will be missed on the occasion of their trip to England to thoroughly enjoy themselves at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, which appears just now to be the loadstone both for -politioians and private oittzens. FRIDAY.— Oar asylaras for the con trol and cure of insane persons are certainly far from what they might be. It needs no ghost to tell the public this, tor the Lunacy Commission has already elicited sufficient evidence to prove the urgency of re'orms. Yet we may accept the evidence of Mrs. Catherine A. Thompson, who entered the Ksw Asylum as a Press re presentative-as a "spy," according to Dr. Dick — in proof that the institution is not up to the standard to which such institutions should attain. Mrs Thompson, who seems to have got a position as attendant in the asylum for the purpose of furnishing accounts of the internal management of the institution to a newspaper, in order to afford a "sensa tion," showed that, there wbb need of very much improved system of inspection, and a higher idea of the duties devolving upon attendants. The whole subject of )un»cy taw must he grappled with in the next Parlia ment. THE QUEEN INSULTED. Amidst the obeers of her subjects, Queen Victoria, on Thursday, drove through the streets of London to open a new medical -hall. The royal ceremony, wbioh, owing to the Queens constant seolusion tor yearB past doubtless struck the popataoe with surrrisa on aeeount of fas novelty, ovjne off with e<la Toere was, however, a H fly in the ointment '» for an amy pensioner eoEsidered the occasion opportune for throwing a petition into her Majesty s carriage. There was great excitement in ooneeqhenoe of this " outrage,1' but as nobody was one peony the worse in coW quenoe of toe decayed soldier's rough-acd «ady way of reaching " the foot of the Throne, the outrage was not a Very serious one. Jt is to be hoped that the perpetr ator will not be punished in the same rough and severe ay as the half witted photographer Who recently was sentenced to six years imprisonment for threatening the Prince of Walts. A SUCCESSFUL LOCAL OPTION POLL, At S raticr d 395 votes were polled to determine the number of pnblichonses to remain open, the third required to make a yahd poll being 284. For the toll reduction, from jsfesteem hooser to . nine, 8013 Nine fa therefore declared to be tbe nomtai determined civ but it ia questionable how th! compensation will be foncd for the ten publicans rwho are to be " blotted off tb reap." , .. 