THE DARK ROOM MYSTERY. It will be recollected that the' lt-jtired trades men," whose airings experiences were published on tbe 21#t June, invited an investigation of She 100m to which he referred on condition that te locality of tbe house wm not mode public. In the interest cf the reudere of Thu Hbuald the offer was eooeptod. A representative was «<nt to the house, and tbe result of tbe visit ie ss follows Tta bouse, though batelv uvea mills from tbe General Post Office, is In a very lonely spot. Tbe building is tn old one, built ot stone, aad is. set all a-kew half-way down 0 hollow It mnrt bave bwn designed and built tn those devs wbeo a colonist would have eo trned him- aif aw a newokum if he thought of coosaUlng au srebitect fu such a simple matter at build- ing abouaeonly one-story high. A nice looking old gentleman in a well-fitting black frock cost came te tta door, one en learrit g tbo bnrit>e<;B of his visitor, hs at once oommebced to reiterate (he story of the dark room, Interlarding hie aocoant of tht ftffair with varlou- viswton spiritualism. He Memfd to haverome sort of a tmlirf that his brain con'd be " taken pinne-cion of" by di#om- bodird rrliite if he chc to g«ve up bit will to thvm. But si I had nut com# to talk spiritual- bin, but to investigate an alleged mystery, I die n< t pay much heed to tbe discourse save when hr. itfvmd to tbe olkged mystery. By tbe war, in parsing, I may mention tbat tu htur ' was very oomfertaoly faroUh-d inrul-#tonUal,but rathnold-fasbtoued style Tho old gentleman wa« apparently of opinion that if eno utilrd strongly fn oom- pany with a few others — for one inkodiAd tbind waa 110a strong enoaeh ta In. finance a iHeembodied oae— the spirit of what ever dfcearvd person yon dMired would take pos«-e#sicn ef your brain and peak, or writ#, r>r set through yon eo Jong a# you rslluqulihed all mind coptrtl to it; bnt tta mooieut yon resumed the (xmiseot your own will it fled. After some 1 ulk, during which «h# old gentle man c utlontd m# that when you hare made some #tnc j lu s;irifcaalim yon must be careful or fbe spirits wiu pay yun tricks sometimes I was thuwu into the (uppcFeo haunted room It was ctrtelnly a very gloomy oae | it would almost seem, not- wlih.tanairg its old-farbintied window, to have been rpedaUy bnllt to exclude ibe snuiMni. Tbe/e wo a comfortable bed in it, and a new carpet. I examine! ihe walls and th floor, end for.rri ihem to be solid and substantial. From the oli gentleman's conversa tion I hf\d Utile doubt but that the mystery ex isted in bis own imagination, for it was evident tbat his mind was a little unhinged by hi brcding# ovrr tbe unknowable. However, I formed a conjecture that the room wa built purposely somewhat dark, and later on I found this wee eo. The old gentleman pointed cut to me the place where ta beheld the a»fnl 0; paritmn described In his commuldation to Th# Hguald, end bad himself no doubt whatever tbat he actually saw what ho dccrlbed. In re#ponre to my request that he would alio me to remain all night in the haunted room, he repltei that heffind no oKjeo'-ton, but that be mast first cqMOft his housekeeper as to wtan it would be convenient for her to have a viiltor, and that, ur fortunately, he wa# not then at home, nor would ta h< me until late,as #be had gone to visit a rick relation He gave me the addreee of the relative, iu due time I found tta bow keeper- a lady who did not appear M If #h« eiifTUtnod any spurnalistia notions. In eniwer to my ioqulry, she said she had real ths nccooot of the affu in Tin Hirald, and biw at once tba! fast mailer bad sent it. On other mnttere be Is a most #en#ible man, but on this one subject ta U quite off his head, #eid ibe, and eontlnooi : "There isn't no n yetvry to explain. There's nothing In it at nil. You oan rcme acd #ee for yourself U you like, bnt you will only WMteyour time." It is, perhaps, neediest to add I did not (Ml called upon to make further invutigarions, and I felt quite euro that many ghost stories and a ful mv#terin would, on inquiry, prove to be of a similarly ihsdowy nature. 8i'h»»qu»T.tly I learnt that the haunted room bad bsen specially built for ths origisal owner cf the rlso, en eooentrlc gentleman, who #uff red a painful dioraee of the ey«, and who found tbe strong light of the Australian summer ui brarahlt, ucabe cs had the room built dark a » retieot la aummer tiote. With re#n#ot to Mental llael#M meny wlB donbtlirs r> collect (bat Charles Dlcken some tlmo altar tbe t'ltlbl railway accident, from whh-h brrcpcd, the doctors eaid, with a "idtgM btkit-g," euddmiy found tbat fiat object eta-1 <>t he g-sted, such #« names ovr bop, woulu t" uch tbemselvo a few test f'om the wall and ivmain ippartn ly suspended in tbe sir. Most doctoie oan relate more etartUog inoMrnts tbea this ewouget thslr gatieute euffsr- Ingf/cm tbe firetlnridlouatteehof parelysfaof the brsio. Most people nfferlag from Mural- g4# have been cqirod at tta pauotaatlty With wL>« h the acute p«io commenoa eaoh day, and la ever oases delirium will recur at the a" me honre/ery evening, leaving the patient quite » -ne during the day. I re ltect mj'elf or e evening, after rinding a blood curdling a 'telling dreadful," dreaming tbat n vilain seLed me by tta wriet in au Icy gtMp, ervl if a broken bntoou on my wriaibind cratcblni my arm bad not awakened me to my .ight band ciaapiug my laft wrlt, I n iht bava beau abrfiieverin gfiosta myelf. To oi# it i# > rtfectly c>ar that the mystery of tbe ocm" it \ ky Gturge tb# Fourth's bviivf tbat li mm at the battle of Waterloo— icquirt-d by conetanil — well no, say rather that it hae ta#n bnilt up like the aeooont of fib ex eolith iu tta Mlkaco, and that it is bat tbn thudcW Of s Shade." "HERALD" RE PORTE R. 