TWICE A BRIDE, BUT ONCE A WIFE. CHAPTER Y.-(Continued) 'There, Marian, you are altogether wrong. Jessie's mind is far too well balanced to be biassed by her. Indeed, for a woman, she is too logical; she will take nothing for granted, good or bad; shewants everything proved, more or less You must have noticed this.' 'I don't pretend to understand Jessie. When we have conversed on serious topics, she expresses herself in a mniuer lhat, I confess I do not not in the least' understand. She quotes authors l-have never heard of, books I have never read. If I endeavour to explain matters to her, she always listens respectfully; she does not flatly cokitradict me; but I can p'ainly see she takes no heed. Indeed, her man ner implies that I have been wasting time. Perhaps, as you say, it is her superior mind. That may be the reason why I do not understand her.' 'Your speech would have been bet ter without that last shot, Marian. You know I never pay complinents, there fore don't fish when the pond is dry. As regards Hannah, I do not think you need be under any apprehension that she will in any way corrupt Jessie's orthodoxy. I feel grateful, however, for your affectionate interest in my child's welfare. At herage she needs amother's care and lo re sadly. With all my love for her, I feel Icannot be to her what a mother would Letthe mutual lovebe as deep and the sympathy as great as they may, there exists an insuperable barrier, no matter how close the relationship, between a man and .a woman. Unless,"- he added, sorrow fully, after a pause of a few moments, during which his mind recalled his beautiful wife and the perfect harmony and unity of their wedded life ' unless they happen to be man and wife, and truly one' Charles Hargrave could never forget his wife, or cease sorrowing for her loss -a loss to him that could never be replaced-a loss to Jessie for which there was no substitute. He was no philospher, able to throw off sorrow or care.. When once over taken by it, the wound was indelible. This is the sentiment that consti tutes, in'the eyes of the adamantine world, weakness. All tenderness, grief, affection, pas sionate, earnest love; all the more delicate and purely unselfish chords still thriving to retain the God-like image-in man's heart; all the unutter able yearnings for human sympathy, intense love for the pure and beautiful; all profound pity, deep compassion, kindness, delicate consideration for others; all sensitiveness, the smallest ray of a poetic nature, the betrayal of the faintest portraiture of the original divinely made man, is weakness. Let us have no sentiment! What have railways, telgraphs, consols, com merce, or any other practical matters, to do with sentiment? No tenderness! Leave that to the few silly women who can still love a bad husband, an erring son, a scapegrace lover, a fallen sister, a disgraced daughter. No love ! It is a romantic, idle toy. M arriage a mere ocial contract for the better ordering of domestic economy and comfort. Let us have money, method, mathematical exactness, 'and punctuality; plenty to eat and drink, good houses and clothes, and let every thing else be ignored! There was a pause of some minutes after Charles Hargrave spoke. Mrs. B eadley did not reply, but took up some knitting from a work-basket, aud commenced a few stitches. She was generally knitting of an evening, but it was doubtful whether she ever finished any one piece. Probably she stowed it away secretly with the intention of one day astonish ing the world by its nroduction, or some half-clothed divine by its gift by way of legacy. 'I think I'll take my evening's stroll now, Marian,'- said Charles Barrave, looking at his watch. 'I shall not be gone more than an houri; and if either of the Miortimers drop in, ask him to wait until I return. Mrs. Headley merely nodded in acquiescence without raising her eyes. CHAPTER VI. IT was past six o'clock, yet the office in Southampton street was not closed. Every day for the last week it had been the same business was more than usually brisk. The clerks had left an hour since, and only the messenger remained to .shut up the office when his employers departed. He sat, alternately yawnine and dozing, at one of the desks in the clerk's room. In his sleep he was dreaming he was at home eating his supper, and heartily wished his m ister's elsewhere as hihe was brought to his real sesewes by his arm slipping and his head coming in contact with the desk, which woke him with a start. The old man was the first to finish. Olosing his books, and putting on his wide-brimmed hat, he walked into Jack's room. 'Well, my boy, have you nearly finished ?' he asked, looking over Jack's shulder, who was writing with astonishing rapidity. 'I shall not be many minutes now, uncle,' he remarked. 'I'm finishing the Fontaine brief. Serjeant Moore must have it the first thing in the morning.' 'Fontairne, oh ? That's a bad ease, Evidence dead against him. I say, Jack, that the evidence is dead against him.' ' Yes, it is; but I have some hopes that Serjeant Moore may pull him through. He has wonderful tact in making the most of any weak point in the evidence, and one or two of the witnesses are shaky customers. Moore hammr.ers away so persistently at one weak point, that he invariably succeeds in creating a doubt in the minds of some of the intelligent twelve.' 'He hasn't the ghost of a chance. Don't lay that flattering unction to your soul, Jack. There's no doubt the man is guilty of the forgery, and he will too surely pay the legal forfeit. If a man can't go through the world without robbing his neighbours, he deserves to be hanged; I say he deserves to be hanged I' 'Don't say that, uncle; I know you don't think it ! You remember Doctor Bodd's little pamphlet on the abolition of capital punishment? If my memory serves me, I have beard you express entire concurrence with his arguments before now.' 'Doctor Bodd's was a rascal, sir ! an unmitigated scamp, who, like a sign-post, pointed the way he never went himself! You remember the case of the highwayman, who, by his evidence, he caused to be hanged?' 'No. What was it?' 'Why, sir, this: Doctor Bodd was robbed on the highway, shortly after he published his confounded pamplet. People thought the doctor would not appear to give evidence; but they thought wrong. He did, and the fellow was sentenced to death. The man's friends got up a memorial to the Home Secretary, te mitigate the punishment; and you are aware that in such cases, unless the prosecutor himself signs the petition, the Home Secretary refuses to take the matter into consideration at all. In all con fidence, the friends applied to Doctor Bodd to sign. Well, sir, notwith standing all his. fine rigmarole about the cruelty, barbarism, national dis grace, and the like, in hanging a man, even for murder-hang me, if the rascal didn't refuse to sign the memorial, and the wret~ch had to swing ?-I say, he had to swing1' 'What a villain!' exclaimed Jack, indignantly. 'S8till, you will admit that a man's bad practice does not make his good theory wrong ?' 'That's true enough, my boy; I don't dispute it. I think,' continued the old man, with both hands up, like notes of exclamation, 'that Doctor Bodd himself was hanged, after all. Retributive justice is beautiful! solemnly beautiful! The mere fact and the contemplation of it, is to me, as intellectually enjoyable, and carries with it as good a moral lesson, as the perusal of the ,finest homily ever written by man. One can see the finger mark of the Almighty in such a case.' You'll become poetical directly,' said Jack-' a great phenomenon in the literary world-a poetical lawyer write briefs in rhyme, and wills in blank verse! But seriously, uncle I belive you would have pardoned him, your indignation against the man, and your poetical love of retributive justice, notwithstanding.' 'I pardon him, sir ?--pardon a fellow who-who- Never !-I say, never !' this with great warmth and apparent anger. gerStill I bejieve you would,' said Jack~ , provokingly deliberate and calm. ' Rather than pardon him I would have been hanged myself - I say, I would have been hanged myself!' 'Still,' 1ersisted the other, with great emphasis, and a significant smile, looking him full in the face,-' still, in spite of your protest, I believe you would!' 'Well, well," replied the old man, catching the contagion of the smile, and speaking in a softer tone, 'perhaps I should. In any case, I hope he is pardoned elsewhere.' 'Amen to that with all my heart! Now, uncle, if you don't let me go on with this brief, we shall be here all night. By the bye, suppose you go on to Mr. Hargrave's, and get a cup of coffee, before we go home ? I'lljoin you as soon as I've finished.' ' Go to HIargrave's, ch ? Well, I think I will. You haven't cared to go there so often lately, Jack. What's the reason?' There was just the suspicion of a sly twinkle in the corner of the old man's eye and a twitching about the mouth, like a suppressed smile, as he put the query. 'No reason,' said Jack, carelessly. He was writing, and did not see his uncle's face. 'Oh, didn't know !' said the old man, demurely. 'You find the old people rather slow, I <daresay. A lively young lady in a house makes a difference-I say, a lively young lady makes a difference.' He reached the door as he uttered this quiet bit of banter, and wenrt down stairs and into the street, chuckling to himself in high good humour. Jack went on writing, not daring to look up. He felt his face would tell a tale. Though Jack had never said a word to his uncle, nor, indeed, to any living soul, of his love for Jessie, yet Mr. MIortimer had perceived it long before. (To bte continued.) 