\----- ---· -- - - LilS CLIFTON. LnsrEtn xvi, (Continued.) ' Aunt -my dear Aunt !' Catherine began to say, but sho could not utter another word. A violent burst of tears came to her relief, and leaning her head spon the table, shn sobbed as if bLr heart would break. ' Come, come, my child,' said Miss. Clif ton, always overcome by the Eight of: tears, ' this will never do. Speak out to me, my child-and tell me what troubles you so much. Let nus share it together, and so lighten the load.', " , I would,' said Catherine, 'indeed I won.d tell youe all that I know 'myself-I wish at this moment that youjcoul& look into my heart and see all for yourself-I would gladly tell you everythling; hut partly it is not my own to tell, and partly I do not know what it is that I have to tell.' ' There is something wrong shabout the young man, Henry Lindoe, I lan afraid,' said the aunt. " Nothing wrong, exactly ; but you know lie was very much hurt about that letter of flelonu'shurt by her not coming here-hurt altogether, I thinkt I may say.' ' havO you any suspicion that his own feelings are changed, Catherine ?' I ' Indeed, aunt, you press ma too closely with that question. If you will have patience and bear with sme a little while, I will tell you everything that I really know, indeediElrill; s-' a isapledgeiorathis,.1 will tell you I.have, \- _ tai' moorning reccived'?' note -from- Henry; == and that he has left`London for Parsi .:' ".' Already.' -'Yes, already.' 'Did you know of this last night.' ' Not at all.' ' Does he give you any reason for going,in riinOte?' o' , none.' -:. Can you gather from the note what his I reasons are?' - 'No.' ' Have you the note by you?' ' I le t in imy desk. Catherine tried .with all her might to espe, 'and to heir this nuestioning without the betrayal of any emotion heyond an ordi. nary amount of anxi ty; but .anxiety does nut usually callup blushes to the cheek; undjyet bhlshes would come to hers, and looksYsof fembarrassmont whioh gave -her coutitnciance altogether quite an unwonted anpearance, exciting suspicions on the part of her aunt who watched her narrowly, and \- with feelings not the most favourable, nor ye' altogether just. i- iss Clifton was not accustomed to enter tai nuch. She was not aciettomed t. this kind of iquestioning either, iind:finding that she ir lade'litt'e our, and failed to elicit the whole truth, freely and frankly told, shie garb the matter up with a deep sigh, and a look of Snx.ios:I' cri)wtlt, mre p:llnfull for (' atheri'e ir tls?t,'.u?,lhal thiemoot angry exairession wni'l1 haaleseen. " W vtIIl,' thought Catherine, 'there is ni help for it at present ' but ua she i aw lhr Snauint aboiut to turn silently away, teh v-n. Otued to say, 'eWould you likp to se zpy let ter to Helen, dear aunt? it is quite at your) service.' ' As you please, child,' said Miss Clifton; 'if you wish it, I can look at the letter, but I desire toavoid being too busy in these matters.' Catherine unfolded the letter, and placed it before her annt; saying, as she did so, 'I do wish you to read it, dear aunt. I cau have no secrets with Helen that you may not know.' . 'Only with Helen's lover,' said Miss Clif ton. rather sharply. Catherine blushed again, and tried to Emile, as if the words had been spoken in jest ; blu the smile would not come, only the bll'h ; and this remark made her feel even more uncomfortable than before. 'I have no secrets with Helen's lover,' she said. I But may not be have secrets with you !' asked the elder lady. 'Oh, Catherine,' she went on to say, 'if there should be anything false, anything treacherous to poor Helen, going on, I know not hcw I should ever forgive you.' ' Aunt I' exclaimed Catherine, now blush. leg with indignation, not shame, ' if that were the case, you could forgive me sooner than I conid forgive myself ; in this you mnay , imn!ed depend upon me, that my sister's honrour is as dear to lime as my own, and that I will watch it with an eye as jealous, as if I were'wateling for myself.' . ' Take care, Citherine,' said Misa Clifto,. .take care; that isalt.I have to say to youaa at present: - 7.: - - ." 'ý..ý r"' , -Give me the letter and leave me for a little ` while. I By the way. when do you" expect that extraordinary young gentlenan to return ?' ' In a week,' replied Catherine, 'from this time.' ' Very well,' said her aunt; 'now leave I me, child.' Miss Clifton was loes in reading and con sidering the letter; but it seemed to have met with her approval, for when she entered I the parlor where Catherine was seated, she said she had folded it up with one of her own, and if Catherine had nothing to add,I would send the packet off by the usual mes senger. Catherine said she had nothing, and the No further remark was made upon what? Miss Clifton herself had added, and much as Catherine wished to know, she felt it im possible to ask. The week upon which these two ladies now entered, proved to be one of unusual silence for them. There was on both sides a want of their accustomed freedom of communication, I which no effort of theirs could restore. Both made what effort what they could, and by each their failure was felt painfully. Time passes but slowly under these cir. eumnstauces, and although Catherine went every day to the houase, and employead herself there as well as she could for several hours at a time, still there were many left on hand, and it was very melancholy to her to sit beside one so kind and genial as her Aunt Ann usually was, and feel that a sort of wall of separation win rising up between them, and that they had now no real heart inter course on subljects which most deeply iter ested them both. Wearisome days and heavy weeks, how ever, pass over as well as others ; and the day before Henry Linden's intended return, Catherine thought shle would spend a longer time than usual at the house, would hasten the workpeople more, so that the master himself should be satisfied with the amount of work which had been accomp!ishedl is his absence. Two or three little plans of her own, too, Catherine had ventured upon. which she felt sure would give satisfaction ; and these she was anxious to have in .so forward . a state as to produce a- favourable effect on Sfirst observation.: :-':K-_ '.'_:,,?:~- -?, I h i-Intent a upoitlC"e .ln-1v**Catherine:tah-l-; -he·rau n othit:ihnt' shouid'ake ahbiseuitawitii her that day;? Snd should not retnrii lioiao to dinueri 'andbsliss Clitton,.only substituit ing a sandwich for a biscuit, willingly agreed to the proposal, iaying it suited her quite as well, as sheiherself hadite take her part that day in superintending some charitable insti tution situated at a considerable distance frot, her own residence. To a disposition like Catherine Clifton's there is always a relief in trouble, and a sat isfaction in perplexity, in the simple fact of being busy. On this day, in particular, the satisfaction was peculiarly welgome. Catherine had provided Iherscif, with im plements of usefulness. She cared neither for the coaronecss of the material, nor the roughuess of tihe work. With black thread and a montrous needle, she stitched away, growing almost happy in the thought. that as nobody meant any harm, things would be sure to work round, and come right in the end. 'What was there to fear?' she said to herself continually, 'where all coucerne:h possessed hearts so good and so warm? It was only a little cloud which had come amongst them; the sun would be sure to shine again brighter than ever.' In this manner Catherine fixed much of her attention upon what she was about, and stitched as busdly, perhaps more so, than any of the workpcople around her. They were continually passing to and fro, preparing to return to their different homes, and altogether there was so nmuch bustle in the house, and such frequent opening and: closing of doors, -that Catherine paid no attention to the sound of an approaching foot, which she supposed to le that of somei one busy with the material she had in hand. Still intent upon her work, she was at length startled by the feeling of a hand upon her shoulder, and looking round, she saw - Henry Linden himself. 'You start,' said he, ' as if you had seen a ghost.' - ' I should almost as .oon lave expected to see a ghost,'as to see you," said Catherine. SHow so? Am Im not-in my own house ?. Where else should I be expected ?' '-In your own house, certainly; but I thought to morrow was the day.' . ' Any day is the day, if I choose to make it so.. - Bat come, say something more pleasantto me than that.---..----.... _- . - '-Tre you-iortglad tosee'a ehere again ?'-i 'Oh-;very. - I am del ghbte. • ' You do not look so. Or, if that is your expression wh-n you are pleased, I must tell you it is a very grim kind of delight.' ' But I am delighted -indeed I am. As a profof f my sinceri'y, I put asilde thisnwork which I.had determined upon i finishing to-day.' ' Ase you doing this foir me, Catherine ! - ititehing your loor fingera to the bbne so r : : (To e continued.) 