How a Man Who bad Cheated Him Came Back After Death to Apologize. Utiiontown, Pa., News, " I never go much on ghost storied" began Contractor Van Dyke at the Clinton House the other evening. The old gentleman bad been listening with more or less attention to a series of fables being told by the guests of the hotel. "Well, I don't know," the old contractor replied. " My experience- in that direction has been somewhat remarkable. I don't suppose you will believe me, but the story I will tell you is true. I can produce a living witness to it, and I will at any time make affidavit to its accuracy. Two years ago I was building a piece of railroad down in the eastern part of this State. Among the people who furnished me ties was an old trader in Whom I had little or no confidence. As the bills for the ties came in I paid them promptly and took receipts from every man. I knew to the tie the number used. After my contract was completed the old trader sued me for the price of fiftyties. The case was tried, and I was compelled to pay the money. The old man bad sworn to bis bill, and little or no defence could be made When I paid the money I warned the old fellow. I told him he had perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhappy ending. About six months ago I was awakened at one o'clock in the morning by this same old trader. It was dark in my room. Just ai plainly as I can see you now he was there in life. He wakened me by calling my name. My partner was in bed in the same room just a few feet from me. I called him and told him of the visitor's presence. He said he could not see him and laughed at me.; He toid me I was dreaming, and suggested that I go to sleep- While we were talking the pld trader called me by name. He said he had been mistaken about the ties, and offered to return me the \- money. The vision then vanished. My partner talked with me of the matter before we went to sleep again. The next morning be told the story on me as a joke, but while, we were at breakfast the news reached us of the old trader's death. He had died' within ten minutes of the time of his visit to me. I have no idea how many more calls of the same character he had to make, but I am satisfied his visit to me was the last one. That story is trae as holy writ, the old man concladed. A distressing silence followed its telling and the party broke up before all recovered. • Father (irascibly)—" Who's got my boot jack I" Cora (smiling archly—" The cat." t —Puck. 