CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. : (from our own correspondent.) Melbourne, Thursday. — Though there was a strong wind blowing, a large number of spec tators mustered on the course to witness tho final gallops of the Cup horses, an early start being made. It wns rumored when the Western District horses, Jim Cain and Little John, gal-' loped in company ovor the Cnp distance nt day break, that the latter had his younger brother In difficulties at the finish. Kenneth went in lor some long, slow work, and Ben Bolt started t >ff f or a mile und a-haif gallop, Chuckstcr assist ing the Cup candidate the first part of the dis tance and Warfield the last half mile. He is a irather lazy customer in work and requires a :great deal of riding. Fair Western slipped along a mile, and Lady Ashton and The Loufcr circled a couple of rounds for good strong work, Bonnie Lad and his stable compauion also brushing along on the sand. Louisa Berta was given a good, useful pipe- opener; Highland Chief travelled a ronnd on the grass ; and Carnarvon started and fiuisliod a useful round on the sand. Ellington and Toronto put in some useful work on the grass. The -former looks fresh. Crown Brand strode along over eight or nino fnrlongs at a good, .triding pace, Land Shark doing good work on the sand. Cricket and Patience performed satisfactorily. The Tasmanian pair, Clarendon and Young Horatio, traversed a round of the grass, the latter getting a good stnrt of his. companion and finishing in front. Silvermine was the next to take possession of the grass. The son of Napoleon, Silvethair, was dispatched for a good serviceable working gallop. Starting from the half-mile post on the course proper in company with Bonnie Doon und The Chanter, lie rattled along nntil six furlougs from home, when the latter pair cased und allowed Sirocco to finish with the Cup favorite, who completed ' the fastest round of tho morning, pnlliug up fresh as paint. Zeno, utoviug along on the grass for useful exercise, seems to have done a . lot of work. Epicnrean, who is famishing \- a nice horse, had Mia Mia for a companion over four furlongs. Goodwood, Stag nnd Mistako went for health exercise. New-master traversed nine fnrlongs at a good pace, while Waiter, Morman and Victor worked on the tan. Carni val and Nectarine ran a sharp five furlougs. ' Bohemian, who is looking fresh and well, putin i two strong rounds on the tan. Berkley and Cadland slipped along for five furlongs iu fair time. Footman, Albanus and First Pop wore separately treated to strong work on the tan ; and Millstream and Grace Darling completed a circle for useful work, the former being a bit fractions. The Ghost and Gadfly ran six fnr longs, the former showing to advantage nt the finish. Mustang covered six furlougs in good style. Moonlight strodo along the tan, aud King of the West and Jack were also brushing aloDg the tan. GlentwortU and Lady Lovell ran Bmartly home front the four furlongs . .Post. 