SP0ETIN Qt NOTES. By "Newmabkht" The appearand of the weightl for the HawkeBbury Stakes and Hawkesbtuy Handi- ap early in the week afforded racing men Congenial foed for discussion. Id the first- named event, Mozart heads the list with 8st 121b, and, despite tbe disappointment he oaoaeioned in the Newmarket Handicap; it bB elied upon that bis patty had svery justification in supporting bhri for the Fiemmgton event, for whieh he carried th 2lb le8B on hia„ baok, he Jhoald be able to pick his pretty i ar% over six furlongs, ana, if | goes well with him, I fully expect him to ' |how something like his best form' gjwkeabury. FartherdowntbettstTbn" Ghost and 8taffdrd, ' at I , Wei and Here's and Bemim can get the distance ry tedlb AioanuB ie another slippery eustomer. while D88tou stable has msaf nl seSohd strings v; an Deer. Astcera at 7st. 21K, £ngBgrove, Bcrrilda, Magnifier, Moriau, jjevotion and Prince Begefii all look wifl bn j I For the Autumn Handicap, Graoe «jfiri-nrDoe Dnperial, Oerise and Bloe, | aSli Aii irBfc Demon, Arsenal, BcmuB" old strike me as posseasing the. s, /a7onrBWe chances, ' and If I" bad to re- I rw number to a couple 1 should select I il ® ftnd Blne end AU Gold to do battle I <or me. , I w;SB Wfii8bta for the Sydney Cup were JM ®ver so late on the eve oi dhr going tb I SS! ?f 0Dr ooontxy edition of the We£bS& oil?8 bat only bad time to havea cursory Si aP® ®f ' Mr. Scarr'a latest production. In tonnm8 ¥alua al 10rt' ab; the Sydney bandi- I fl£vr has very properly not been in- I y bia running in the Champlon. I 6 before Mr. Soars were that with jteat ease : and Cap with big k np' waM M aoon eland _Malua M 'anything in thc race. - WwblhowMw, m?y pftier -toi wait_ for— the Melbourne Cup. I have" no fancy for Sheet , Anchor or Nelson, lr BDy of the others down to maejew. who is nicely placed at 8it. 4lb. Chestfir at the same weight, u hi® running in the Derby that he is;very 4iule inferior to Nordenfeldt. Impria I has thoroughly recovered trcra the.|ete of the accident.- whieh befell him in tfikJiMtilfield Cap, he Should .carry his owner 'sboloars very promteebtlj with8st. 2ib. in the saddle. Off Cokuri numerous defeats have induced leniency, and if he is anything like the: - -horse be is understood to be, he is afforded an excel- cnt phance of winning when placed at 8st. Estimated on her Australian 1 Cap running, - Oerise and Blue is badly used,.compared with Maine; In that event she only earried 6st. 131bi, and I am rare, few will deny, that Mrwho&lie;'s horse gave her r quite a 101b. beating. Yet in tbe-8yflney 0up"the gallant little daughter of Wiiberforoe is put up a stone, while her vanquisher is only raised -IDlb. , No dcrnbfe, the subsequent form die. played -by -Mr. Oxenham's mare has in fluenced - the hahdicapper. The fact, bow- ever, remains -that M&lua; easily defeated- Oerise and Blue at a diffemnoe. of 2st. lOlb., and in the SydsejrGup she meets him on 41b. worse terma j while, being a little mare, the inereas of weight is likely to trouble jhpr more than " -the son of St. Albans. Uailoola, the champion hurdler&cer; of New South Wales, bears a great reputation ; so that at 7st. 71b. he is not harshly treated j no more is Cyclops at lib. less, though I much prefer First Prince and Sivermine to either. Indeed; Lsnay state thst I regard the chance .of the T&8mania& horse as a very rosy one. Of the light weights, Remus and Maroondah stand out prominently. The most remarkable feature of the racing at Caulfield on Saturday waf the different way in which. Studley shaped in the :?Steeple- „chase fromwhathe did atFlemington tendays previously. At the latter place he waB altogether not of the hunt with Lady Ashtcn and ? Bob Cooper, but on Saturday, he completely turned the tables- on the South Australian. Of oouree, the eirouinstanoe was readily noticfed, and those who ignored Studley . in the betting were not a .little mortified at the result. The real reason for improvement in the rnnning of Mr. Miller's Horse was said to be that he tired very much Over tHe Fleinihgton jumps, whieh are much more numerous than at Coalfield. At Flemington, too, Studley was very fretful, . and broke out in a heavy- sweat before the race. On Saturday he was kept very quiet, .and. to prevent his getting excited he OAS Itadd ed up outside thejpaddook. To "this Circumstance, -together with the f&et; that the Jenees at Caulfield are fewer, 'and do not require eo much effort to get Over as those at Flemington, and that the horse is partial to the YA.T.C, course, and haB always performed well there, Mr. Miller attributes the success of the son of King Tom. . Gardenia' supplemented her easy triumph over St."Odille in the South Yarra Handicap by wibning the Shareholders' Cup, at Elsternwiok Park, on Wednesday. J. King is deserving of a word of praise for thepatient and skilful manner in which he steered Fusee in the Hurdle Race. S. CrAekneil made bltf first appearance in the saddle at Caulfield since the memorable acoident which resulted in the death of Donald. Nioolson, and nearly lost Orackneil bis life. Sam rode with all his cunning in tbe St- 'Kilda. Cup, landing Dcnlop a clever winner hom Cerise and Blue. A well-known owner eame Into collieiftn with . 6 cash bookmaker in the saddliog phddbek at Caulfield on Saturday last ; but though , they locked daggers, and mutual threats were uttered of bringing the matter before riie stewards, the subject was allowed to drop. Pocahontas arrived from Tasmania re cently, and has joined Hatty's lot at Caul field. From Tasmania I hear that Pyrrhus, a veteran performer, has quitted the racecourse, Add i« being utilised in the shafts of a waggonette. Mr. George Ward writes me that the Bupanyo£> Race Meeting is fixed for the 9ih April. Nominations will be due on the 29sb March. " The following Btakes, won at the reoent VE.C. meeting, have been paid over:-— Mr. A. R. Robertson, fiiSt St. Kilda Cup, £229 ; Mr. 8. Miller, first Steeplechase, £187 Mr. J. PoUioV. first Selling Raoe, £150; Mr. S. Nathan.' first Maiden Selling Bade, £100 ; Mr. . J. Orbiokshank, first Hurdle Bane, £100 ;Mr.f C.- Wilson,' first South Yarra Handicap, £90; Mr. J. Pile, second Steeplechase, £40 ; Mr. H' Oxenham, second. St. Kilda Oip, £25 ; Mr. J. Ware eeemid Hurdie Race, £20 Mr. .J. Harper, eeoond Smith Yarra Handioap, j£;to|alv'£9jfilfr \- Dwing to Mr. Haines having gone on a trip to the old country, young Gorry, who has become quite a favourite with 4he publie, hap Joined Mr. Joeh Duffitt's netahlishment at Caulfield. The Hon. W. Pearson is at present enjoying his otiitm cum dig, in IJef ealand. "'The Gippaland squirt, however, oOnteixiates an etnrnJp Yietoria. : STlfiam Clarke's pair, Menotii, by reQ---Rommaf! by Forward- JoMphiiier have joined of the fiunbury baronet's ' string at Ht -Yeen'd's stables; - Z """ - ? ' Granaetes eon, Vty v has been oaslrated, as itis found mucheasitte totrain gelidings than stallions. ,r t Acolyte and others ofMr. A. Hafiitibourg's , string have hea irithdrawn irmn T. Coffey 'g eteble. - &\- _ - t Trainers ate cautioned about employing a lad nateed Samuel CoHhw, who has left Mr. j. BefifCrn!s employ without giving the necessary nCtiob required by the Y.R.C. rales. The numerical strength vt H. Yteud'e stable has bwnfwtha strengthened by the addithfv by Robinson CrcteC ' brother,I)eloe fromPetraa ISaturtiterd of April, is the date mosen by Mr.,,vr Cox forhia next meeting At Mocnee Valley. - On all Bides the South Australian colt — Afflaecpe, by Winterlake from Suocess, was, voted teal" jam for the Albury Cup. II was pointed out Ih t he coold beat all hiscocutry- rnen opt of , sight, and it was contended that toUOraeknell was to have the mount the colt u must " win. This emphatic assertion, like many Others of its kind, was all wrorg; for Affluence, who itaikd favourite, failed to get a place, victory falling to that good, but somewhat uncertain, little mare, Sandal, who carried 8tit." 71b , and ran tbe mile and half in 2m n llsfc. Lesbia ran remarkably wel?, und was only beaten by a length, while Genoa wae tbird. Iiidian Qaecn was ascther source of c disappointment. She led to tbe last hurdle where she ran off, and allowed Letitia to win at her leisure. Bayers were again sadly unfortunate in thv 'Mares' Produce Stakes, whioh was popularly supposed to be practically reduced to a match between Munwyrtina and Brigantine." The pair, however, had to be content with: place honours merely, as Devotion, a daughter of Goldebrough and Benevolence, by The Barb, got away with the start, and showed her esteemed opponents a clean pair of heels all the way. Two actions were brought against tbe Postmaster-General on Wedneed&y; last to test the legality o! the officials of the Melbourne Post-office intercepting letters addressed to persons outside the colony. It will be remembered that when it was decided to legally prohibit " sweeps," speoial powers were conferred on the Postmaster-General by the Post-office Act of 188B. For some time there has been great doubts as to whether the Act gave power to detain letters addressed to the other colo nies. It was with a view to determine this question that action was taken. The plain tiff in the first case, was Mr. J. Hartle, addressed a letter to Mr. J. Miller, York hotel, Sydney, which was stopped. The second action was that of Mr- J. A. Miller against the Postmaster General, for detain ing a letter addressed to J. Miller, Sydney, tbe father of the plaintiff. On the recomt mendation of counsel, his Honour Mr, Justice Holroyd waB asked to reserve a case for-the consideration of the Full Court, an understanding being arrived at that if the section nnder which the actions were taken did apply to letters to be sent out of Vic toria, a verdict should be entered for defendant, while if it did net apply, the verdict should be for plaintiff for la. and costs. In view of tbe " unpopular'' tactics of ifce Judbpore stable during the late Calontta race meetings, tbe stewards of the dab have caused the following notification to be published fn the Indian Plainters\Qazette : — " The stewards of the Calontta Turf Club and Calcutta R&oes; have thought it necessary to take into consideration the running of the hordes Moonlight, Shotover, Gcldfiuder, and . Tynedale at the late Calcutta race meetings. They ooneider the same suspicious, not sufficiently so as regards Moonlight and ' Shotover to warrant any eteps being taken against theeeborses, but the horses Goldfinder and Tynedale they hereby debar for one year from this date from tanning in any races on the Calontta racecourse, or any other course where races are held under Calontta Turf Club rules." Racing men of the old school will remem ber the jockey W. Southall, who for some years past has been employed as trainer for Messrs. Apcar in India. Sonthall went to India with .the well-known grader Mr. E. Weeks, in charge of Palmers ton, who is described as the very best all- round horse ever sent to the Orient Subsequently he returned and took over Caractacus — who was at one time in Mr. E. deMestre's stable — and Blackthorn, a hurdleracer. With those three horses he was singularly successful. Somerset and Paragraph were others of Sonthall's selection, and in his next visit here he selected. Statesman, with! whom he won the Grand Gup at Hyderabad and the Yiosroy's Cup at Calcutta. Tbe Indian Planters' Gazette has a long article on the subject, and in concluding says We wish Southall lack in his mother oonntry and trnst the; name he takes away from India will stand him in sufficiently good stead to ensure, should he still eontinue in the business, Mb securing a good string of first-class horses to train in Australia." I see from Indian files that Ringwood won the Cesarewitch 'Btakes at the Lnoknow Spring Meeting last month, beating Slander and! Jack in the Greon. Ringwood, who was ridden by young Robinson, carried -9st 111b., and ran the two miles in 3min. 40seo. Mosidora another Anstralian, walked over for the Grand Annual Steeplechase. She waSi ridden by S £optt, wh.o, it will be remembered, steered Fusilier, in a hurdleraoe, at SandHurst some little time agq, and was disqualified by the Bendigo Jockey Club stewards for an act which was; afterwards believed to be more the jresnlt of an aocident than any desire to "Infringe the rules of raoing. On tbe eeoond day of the meeting, Regulator, by Kelpie from Rosalie, who seems to be quite the champion over short ' distances in India, oarried lOst. 71b. and won the All Horse Handicap, five furlongs, beating Gudarz, to whom he was oonoeding Bat. 31b. Song; by Gloripes from Songstress, and consequently iuU brother to the steeplechaser; Songster, wafcjfche only other starter. The conalading event of the meeting, the' Trial Stakes, " resulted in a walkover for Rihgwoo'd. . . .One of the most remarkable features io oomtebtiHn with the great three-year- old : "xaoevjto he ran for at Newmarket, Epsom, and Doneaster this season (says an English 1 paper) is the marked diminution in -the j nnmlipr jof foreign hpracs nominated for, ?tbftn. Three years ago there were &B; m&Py; as 1$9 foreign- bred horses- out oLa total of ; 80S ; nominated .- for, , the , Two Thoqsand Gnihea8i the One Thousand GaiMas. »thafl Derby, the afid the St..'Lefeerrpuf . thtee figures, WHfdfi had da$ltoto 7fi oh| of, 670 in 1884, and to 55 out of '691 last yCar, Have dropped very irnch more, this scison being only 19 out of 677. br does the quality of those whieh are nominated make up for the paucity ..of numbers; andthere seeoM fur less chance than there was a twelve month EMgc when Xsihtteille thra com>- nsfccicg His : jteteeyeartold t career, Wad a - favourite fbrjthe Two THopEard and Derby, of njt»vt the eteps of FiHe de' PAir, Gladiateor, Reine,> Kieber, Oamelia, Eoguerraodi,. -B-ryou d'Or,and Iroquois Outof tbejoiteteen foreign horses entered . this jear, there is not one which; jbo far as is "at present knows, has the most remote chance of even starting for acy of the great races. M Lsfvrp'sVenctte is the only foreign 'entry (out of 83) for the Two Thousand ; while there arennly tbrRft out of 58 in the Oqq Thousand, six oat "f 202 in the Derby, four out of 140 in the Oaks, and five out oi 194 In ihe St. Leger. Encouraged by success of Metal, Lord William BefeBford, who is the sheet 'anchor of the Indian turf. Has -just imported another English horse fo the land ; of 4he pniflteh. The new arrival is a three-year-old colt by Hermit, and is spoken highly qU The Indian Planters' Gazette, however, despite the success of Metal, fearlessly asserts that for soundness and stamina, to stand the climate and coarse, , for. cheapness and general utility all round, the Australian bred is the best for Indian sportsmen to import. There is a strong feeling throughout New South Wales in favour of the introduction of the totalieator. The Grafton Jockey OSub orrried _ a resolution " that, in the finininn of thifi muffttnty it ia iKal tbe totalisator should be legalised for nse only under the sole control and direction of a committee of management of the various registered clubs respectively throughout the colony, and that the principal clnbs should j be eommnnioated .with ia view of united : action in petitioning Parliament upon the subject. " It is not unlikely too, that the enbjeot will be introduced at the next session of the Yiotorian Parliament. Perhaps the most popalar sportsman that ever owned a racehorse in Australia is Mr. John Tait. The .veteran has played a prominent part in tbe history of the colonial turf, andnojcolours were once so well known as the formidable " yellow and black" banner of Byron Lodges. Advancing years, however, oauEed '' HoneBf John," as he was familiarly termed in days gone by, to withdraw from an active participation in a sport he loved so well, and which his exemplary conduct as an owner had done so muoh to elevate. Still, he generally contrived to put In an appearance at the principal gatherings at Randwiok and Flemington, where he was always sore of a genial welcome, Mr. Tait has now re&ahed; the allotted age of three score and ten, and is still hale and hearty. He intends making a second trip to England on the 23rd iost. and prior to bis departure it is the intention of his many friends to tender him a public banquet. To that end a meeting was held at the Oxford hotel on Tuesday evening last, Sir John RobertBoa occupying the chair. An executive committee consisting of Messrs. G. H. Reid, G. W. Thornton, C. Baal, J. Hunt, and J. Wilson was formed. Kohai has been purchased by Mr. R. G. Talbot, and will, 1 understand, be trained at Kingston with his countrymen, Mozart, F.F., and Sorcerer. I observe that Lord of Clyde, who at one time occupied a box in T. Coffey's stables, at Flemington, won a oouple of races at Warner Town South Australia. Though the reoent ramour regarding the probable nnion of Fred Archer, the English jockey, and the Dcchees of Montrose was scented, the lady appears to have a strong liking for " the tinman." Fred went over from Monte Carlo to Cannes in January to spend two days with the Dowager Dnahess, who did her best to entertain him snitably, and tpok him with her to one or two smart tea parties. After the trotting match at Elsternwiok Park on Wednesday last, the stewards of the club met and decided to disqualify Strettoc, the rider of Tommy, for life, : for deliberately palling the horse at the back of the course. Tommy was ' aleo disqualified for life. Trotting, at best, is & swindling game, and the low place it holds in the estimation of the pnbtio is quite merited. - The . action of tbe stewards in this matter, however, is to be oommended. They have previously come down heavily on wrong-doers at Elsternwiok Park, and if they, continue as vigilant observers of the public interests they will soon strike terror into, the " Armstrong" division. Agitation, the hurdleraoe mare, and a couple of o there were despatched to Western Australia during: the week. Mr. D. Cooper has named his eolt by St. Albans— -Pardon "Bbwmont'and the filly by the same sire from Idalia " Oaeana." The eolt by; Darebin from Atholine has been, named Huntingtower. Flanagan, the rider of Lavington in tbe St. Kilda Cup, has -been suspended for a month by the Y.A.T.O. steward® for die obedience of the starter. Flanagan states that Lavington was rendered unmanageable through being kicked by Yellow Qam i.er, who was afterwards ordered to the outside of the horses at the start Williamstown will be tbe rendezvous on Easter Monday, when a really attractive bill of fare will be decided on the marine race eonrse. The: programme -Includes the Handioap. Hurdle Racp, of 75 sovs., one mile and n half ; Maiden Plate, of 56 sovs., six furlongs.; Selling Baoe, of 75 sovs., half mile ; Attoiia" Handicap, of lOG sovs., seven furlongs ; .Handicap, .of I00sovs., twp telles"; and ; Seaibrd ' Handicap, of 50 sovs., - five fcrlongtoj: As the prizes ate allotted on to 'libeteli Boale, there ought to be a ,;veiy numerouB response -tan- the part of racing men ion the lSthAfli Aha dhy bl grileral entry. .. Velocipede, was regarded as quite a moral for thjs .last Caulfield Cup, and for whom at tHat time £l,0u0 tenld have been the diffnt tntetingB inT the Wimmeza dirtrloti' h®® ehteged . bands, -r the ppyhaeertyipjMr. Relhan, of - Dimbpola, Handal followed up her AIbu«y Cap victory by Winning tbe ISb. Patrick's1 Hindis ttap jon the following day in a . cantfr Afahfcnoa web second; while Lesbia and Genoe ran a dead -heat fox third plus. Sir Heory ouxied eff the £ttep&bft6es; W& Genod the Flying HaiidiCTp rfhe Selling Race was wop in a eaBtsr by Green "leti, » f Hitte yenr-old daoghi er of Kmerald Ud iBritisl er'a dtjp. who wss eubspqutntly bought bf Tj C-.ffsy for £02, Inrermay tbe Two-year-pid ritakes easily, bfeiting Mon wvr tina and five others. Those the.plditores " ; ; of toctrip Into the eb'antry with the sport of Horse- racing should pay Cr&nbonrne; a visit to-diy when whst. premises- to tie- ew enjoyable gathbrioSt" wltf be hr!H. A train will leave P inces' bridge rtstion for Daudecong at- 9.14 U, m , whe' 0 en territel teaches will be io rradiness to <r»r- i vay Visitors to the course, which; \\. distant about nine miles. I thould take Fuseo and , Cnqte a? the most jikr'ly to futeiili the j1 winner in the Huidle Roe, white Gil, ... /Bonnie Scotland, and Yellow JSammer look . ! best in the Cranbourno Handioap. 3tas . should win the Steeplechase, and Gardjter or . Clarendon the Ladies' Bracelet. > - : - ! 