ECHOES OF MELBOURNE I'By the Ghost.i The business of legislation has run Smoothly during the week, and the Govern ment has been able to make satisfactory progress with the Irrigation Bill. This re sult has been achieved by the tactics pur sued by the ministry. Instead of sur mounting the obstacles as they present themselves in the measure, the clauses that would have produced debate have been postponed, and the discussions in ?committee will be revived. MeBsrs. Gillies and Deakin have shown themselves so ready to fall in with the views of the opposition that criticism of the measure has been disarmed, and when the Irriga tion bill emerges from the Assembly after its third reading, it will be sadly shorn of ' the charms which caused its advent to be so joyfully hailed by the farmers, for there are to. be no 'free grants' and in all probability the 'postponed' pro posal not to charge interest on loans, for the first five years of their currency will .also be negatived.' Moreover, it has been determined that the amounts to be paid by the farmers for water are to cover the interest on the amounts expended on the head works coming under the category of National works. The farming community will thus only get what they are compelled to pay for. They were certainly led by Mr. Deakin, when the Irrigation Bill was first ?introduced to expect much more favour able treatment. There were to be. free, .grants, large reservoirs constructed by the State, no interest charged on loans for five years, and in some cases, no interest at all to be paid. All these boons have now been denied them, and it will not give cause for much wonder if the ' country party,' composed as it is mainly of representa tives of the agricultural constituencies shows its feeling of disappointment on the first critical division in which the fate of the Government is at stake. ...... In the absence of questions of interest to the communitv elections for the .Council are not as a rule provocativo of much ex-, citeuient. A stranger in Victoria on Thurs day last would certainly have failed to realise that an important event ., in the Parliamentary history of the colony was' taking place over a fifth of its political area. Yet on that day elections in six of the provinces, into which for Council electoral purposes, Victoria is divided took' place. In three instances the retiring mem bers were re-elected,the fortunate aspirants for Upper House honours being Messrs. Win. Pearson, W. E. Stanbridge, and James Buchanan. In two constituencies new men replace the old members, Messrs. Roberts I and Dowline: taking the places recently occupied by Messrs. Meares and Wettenr I hall.; The change will in no/degree affect the constitution of the Second , Chamber. Both the rejected ones belong to the class of,, 'respectable mediocrities,', and— to borrow from the Mikado—'' they.never .will b'.e, missed.?' , The only close .contest fwas, in the, Wellington proyince.^whieh/claims Ballarat as its capital, where only bne.'votes divided Messrs.,,H.;iW.:Go'ri and [I, ','Xj,, W&nliss;, ,the: .numbers;, being; irespec-; tively 2512.and2511.i ? It.is to be regretted that , Mr.. Wanliss,. , who, '..founded, /the ' Ballarat Star,', and was for .years, its able editor, did not secure the, seat. His talents as a writer on Constitutional laware widely known,, and his, presence, in the. Council would have materially added to the mental calibre of that House. '.,;i ?-? .. '. . .-.,i,;. It is to be hoped that the offer of JSoOO and a , free - pardon ;to the accomplices will insure, the discovery of j the .wretch / or wretches who attempted a fe«v mornings since tohurl a train, to destruction by,. re- moving a rail from a culvert on the line from Melbourne , to Geelpigj . A nacre, wantonly, diabolical act,of senseless mischief has never . before be?n perpetrated. ;Np, motive can be assigned for ithe intended crime. His Excellency, the. governor was to have been a passenger at a later period of the day; but Sir Henry .: Loch is, so, widely and ? deservedly popular -t that the attempt at murder cannot have been planned, in his regard, and , even , a, dis-, charged railway servant would; pause ,ber fore endeavouring .to seek .''revenge'1; .for, his, supposed wrongs, on an innocent public; Black trackers, detectives,, and policemen have all failed, to .afford any; clue to ,, the offenders, who in all probability ,will escape M.L.A., would, fain make it — which they, richly deserve: ,, .,; / ; , ; : , ] .. Mr. Gillies is evidently, a believer in the idoctrine that prophets should enjoy no honour in their .own country. He has granted free railway passes to members of chambers of . manufactures of other ; colonies, to. visiting firemen, and to all and \ sundry who come to Victoria from 'foreign parts.' Militia men, members of the Vic torian naval forces of all grades, and members of the legislature of all the Aus-. tralasian colonies can use the Victorian rail ways at their sweet will and pleasure withr out the disagreeable formality of first pro viding themselves with tickets. But he hesitates at extending the privilege to the pioneer legislators of the colony, who in the early days before payment of members brought ' patriots' of the stamp of the representative of Rodney to the front, gave their gratuitous services to the country of their adoption, and framed the Constitution under which the Premier now flourishes. The Minister is awaiting the decision of the Assembly, and it is to be hoped for the credit of that body they will show a keener sense of gratitude than the 'Pooh-bah' pluralist at the head of the Government. Coming from the popular House the recipients of the long deferred favour will certainly appreciate it . more fully than if they owed it to the will of any single individual, and they will, moreover, have the satisfaction of not being under any sense of obligation to ' the ; honorable Duncan Gillies.' . ; That Mr. William Lockhart Morton deserves well of the squatters of Australasia few will deny. He invented the sheep-dip and swing gate, thus saving many goodly amounts which would otherwise have been expended on futile labour. But why whould this gentleman who has only specially benefited one class be rewarded by the entire people of the colonies ? There are many thousands — in fnct the great majority of Australasians — who never saw a sheep dipped, or drafted by means of the swing gate. Why should they be called upon to pay ¥ Forty years, too, is a long period during which to allow gratitude to slumber, indeed few aro in a position to awaken it after such a lengthened sleep. Mr. Morton's 'select committee' of the Legislative Assembly now sitting will in all probability affirm that the credit of the invention named is due to Mr. Morton, but the committee; should not recommend any apportionment of Government funds as a recompense for his ingenuity. The pastoral tenants, of Australasia have surely cash and gratitude enough to obviate the neces sity for any such '?' free grant' , of public funds. , i , , ?, , What to do with a b'ust of Sir' Samuel Wilson, which ' after lying on one of the Melbourne wharves for : an indefinite period has1 at length fouad a temporary loine iri.the precincts of the ? University — ' is the question' now 'exercising/ the mindB of our Academical dons. . Noone seems to know whence -'the' 'counterfeit present ment' of the founder of the Wilson Hall has cqme, and all that can be told about it is that thci widow of Marsdale Wood the, sculptor has written 'asking for a cheque.'. To this request tho Council of the Univer-: sity strongly demur. They consider it 'very unlike the original,' and have, ordered the ' imperishable marble' to be, 'forthwith, removed.' The most curious1 part , of the affair is that no one knows whence the .bust comes, who ordered its execution, or who is expected to pay for it. Even Sir Samiiel Wilson himself, writes1 professing his ignorance on these points. Perhaps the best way of , disposing of the despised work of art would be to ship it to; Portsmouth where it might be erected ona i a suitable pedestal to serve as a reminder' to the, electors of the borough that their choice had fallen on an individual, whose olassic features .unknown artists ; were proud , to transmit free of cost to posterity. ., _, ,.;. i 