THK#£Ejjrrsr~ TO THE EDmVRi ~ m Sir— I have left thiB question for a. con siderable time in hopes some dawning publio spirit might enable the authorities to see the matter in its true light. I am not going. nowever, io aavocaie a resurn 10 the system of payment by results, or, as it iB callea, the scalping system. If any direct human means could have extirpated the bunny, that would have done eo. To this ead every fair en couracement should have been given. The permanence of the system— for a tew years at least— should have been assured, so that the otherwise unemployed might be induced to engage in the work, and those* already engaged might not be constantly scared by prospective changes. Moreover, the Government should have been pre pared to gradually increase the price per scalp according as the . rabbits became fewer, even though half a crown 01 half a sovereign apiece Bhould ultimately be paid. In this way it is possible the last rabbit might have been seourfd. This was a feasible plan and not altogether unreason able, though even it would probably haye cost the country too much. At the same tune it should never have been laid aside for an infinitely worse plan. If the rabbits are ever destroyed it will be by the introduction, accidentally perhaps, of ' some disease or plague among them. ThiB is what the Go vernment should have set about at the very first. It would have been a trifling matter to send a Commissioner, or half a dozen, if necessary, to Europe, to look the matter up and import some disease. The fanciful objec tions of those who, say it would bo cruel to introduce an infections plague among the innocent rabbits could easily be lulled to rest. They could .be told that we were merely utilizing the meanB God has put at our disposal, that it was folly and sin in us to neglect this means, and that we were justly punished for our neglect by the spread of the rabbit. They could also be referred to David's choosing to fall into the hands of God rather than into those of man. They would then be delighted to think that even diseases were intended and calculated- to serve some useful purpose. When, ? many months ago, Professor Watson published an eBsay or lecture, I forget which, on a rabbit disease that he had cood reason to believe had extirpated these poor little graBsrobbera elBewbere I must say in my simplicity1! thonght the Government would at once act upon it, and I expected that even my insig nificant self would promptly be furnished with the means of infecting the iabbits of my own immediate neighbourhood. Failing this, I expected that Professor Watson would be *at once convicted of baselesaly raisingfalse hopes (I hope he will forgive me). But no such thing. The Government, who are prepared to go on spending thousand upon thousand, and, indeed, ten thousand upon ten thousand in war against the! foe do not go the length' of even £5 to find out how the said foe may be destroyed without further doBt. Perhaps it is economy. They think they will be deserving well of the country by waiting for Professor Watson to introduce the required plague without any expense to the community. It was hoped the Professor would see to the matter during his holiday leisure, while all the time an immense ex penditure was going on to barely keep the enemy at bay. We now know the result of Professor Watson's well meant bnt unpaid efforts. Accident prevented him attaining his object; small blame to him. I submit to you. Sir, that the Government are not really trying to destroy the rabbit, but are trying to gull the people at any coBt, and remain in office as long as they can. ?„ After that their successors can take up the ball. Previous Governments perhaps were! no better. The payment of 2d. per Bcalp-waB kept up as long cb it did no good, and no out cry was raised against it because compara tively little was spent. Bat as soon an the thing began to work, and bunny began really to go to the wall, because large money was necessarily mid out the Government, to gain credit for economy, stopped the game in tbe moment of success. The rabbits had been enormonBly reduced, and a relief must soon have been felt by the Treasury on this account had not the thing been etopped, and another system, demonBtrably vastly inferior, been substituted to humour the public for a time. I do not now by any means advocate a return to the payment - by - results system. ? It ? is pretty certain that, not even that wonld do more than keep the evil in' check, since, those who engage in the work can get no assurance of being fairly treated. It would be, I think, a monstrous folly to attempt it again under all the cir cumstances, But how much greater folly must itbe to make any attempt to gain the desired end ty time payment? Will any one say that each man engaged on the work destroys on an average' thirty rabbits a day, presuming 5s. to be the dafly rate of pay 2 Mr. Howe has visited the camps, and appears to believe that the peat has been reduced by them.- Postibly it baa in the immediate neighbourhood of the camps. But it must bs borne in mind, firstly, that the rabbits had been immensely reduced by the simultaneous and willing efforts of those who were; only paid for the work done, and. that the great sum paid to theBe men was not paid in vain ; secondly, that there has been no breeding season .since. Government camps were in troduced ? and, thirdly, that we -have had a dry season, which in itself would have actually decreased the number of the vermin, let alone prevent an increase. For I know by daily observation of their insides that, since the time spoken of, Novem- - ber last, they have not been breeding, and £ have also very good reason to believe that seme of them have yielded the ghost from actual starvation. Then as to the matter'of expense. If the Government parties are sent wherever there are rabbits this will be enormous, and far greater than the South Australian revenue should be called upon to hear. It will far exceed what could possibly have been spent under the scalp system, though under that the money spent on wild dogs, kangaroos, &c;, was included, and, strangely enough, debited to the result system as though it were an unavoidable accessory of that system. Now for the question— what is to be done in the future? Leave the rabbits alone by all means until an infectious disease that will meet the case is found. In the past season very few farmers attributed the smallness of tbe wheat yield to the rabbits. Nearly all gave other reasons and neglected this. Those who want to grow crops or grass where rabbits abound muBt fence the ground off from them.- In this way something can be done without saddling the revenue with a ruinous expenditure. Foi , as I have already shown, finality can never be reached by the present method. The rabbits may be kept in check at enormouB cost, when an occasiopal dry season would do just as much. And it iB a question whether the Government parties do more harm or 1 good. They kill the cat3 and iguanas and other allies of ours as well as the rabbits, and when all is done the rabbits, more prone to emigrate and travel than the others, find a safe place to multiply on the recently cleared ground. It is to be hoped, then, that the cocky and small settler wiil not be worried and driven away by unnecessary interference. I do not believe all the Government parties together could extirpate the enemy in Vermin District No. 20, . or event in the Hundred of Younghusband alone, though the hundred were fenced: in.' There are too many rocks and porous cliffs along the rivers and ekewhere. At all events it would be beyond the power of Govern ment to clear the one district ; and if this could not be done, where is the use of hoping to clear the entire colony ? The country will never be purged by such means, and it will never be purged by the introduction of any number of ferrets, or mongoose, or other noxious animals. Wherever 1 have been rabbiting there have been iguanas and cats in plenty, that live and thrive most luxuri antly on the rabbits, A cat will eat more than a ferret, and if Troy could have been defended— I mean, if the deed desired could have been done by an animal, the cat could do it. It is no- use whatever, therefore, to introduce animals that will be, perhapB. more harmful and harder to get rid of than the rabbit. Equally ardently is it to be hoped that no disease dangerous to man or cattle, such aa bovine tuberculosis, Bhallbe set going. The rabbits are a miti gated evil in themselves, for, at the worst, we could live on them: but this (the being mitigated, I mean) can by no means be satil of many of the suggested and even attempted remedies that have been brought forward. I will conclude by expressing my confidence, gathered from the scarcity of rabbits in fte older countries and from many other reasons, that by a little well-directed energy on the part of the Government eome rabbit disease that will fill the bill may easily be found.., lam, Sir, &c.; , E. M. URCO f T. Mannum, May 20. 