SI'OltTING NOTES. TT1 R TirRP {BT "THE NOVICE.") Derpt Dat. The racing carnival of the Australian colonies com* mencca to-morrow, when fchc JJluo Riband of the Vic torian turf will be decided. Tho spring meeting of the V.R.O. iiow upon us is looked forward to from far aud near, and Melbourne will daring the next week been fete. Already visitors from the adioiniug colouie? are betfinniug to urrive to witness tho Melbourne Gup. Lord uud Lady Carriugtou and suite, Sir Willintii ilobinsou, Governor of South Australia, tho Governor of Tasmania, and Admiral Tryou have accepted the invitatiou of Sir llcnry Locli to become his guests during Cup week, and thoy will no doubt arrive in titue to see the Derby rut*. Should the weather prove fluo the Darby nud Cup should Ikj witnessed by hnudreds of thousands of porsons. For some days pust the forth coming ovouts have occupied the grcatont attention here, and business has boon almost at a standstill. Sandhurst will no doubt be well represented through out tho meeting, and the only harm I wish them is that they will prove successful in backing tho right horso. But to return tj tho racing ou the tlrst day (to-morrow)^ Busiuess will commence at one o'clock with tho Mel bourne Stakes. For thin event there are 21 entered, including some of tho best performers ou the turf. Amongst -'thorn may be mentioned Sheet Anchor, Isoiiomy, Commotion, Silvormine, Trenton, Grace Darling, "William Tell, and others equally as success ful. Taking thorn in'tho order named Sheet Anchor's powers arealready well-known, the manner in which ho won last year's Mclbonrnb Cup stamping him as a good horse. Tsonomy of late has been performing well, his latest wim being the Caulfield Slakes and tho Moouee Valloy Cup. Since wiuning tho lattorthe horse has been well supported for the Melbourne Cu p, and he may bo reserved for tho big stake. Of Commo tion the samo remarks may apply, as the old horso is reported to bo doing splendid work over tho Cup dis tance. Silvermine is a dangerous horso and only lost the Caulfleld Cup by a ghort head. He should run well forward to-morrow. Trenton has recovered the slight Bhock ho got at Haudwick, and is a:?aiii doing good stroug work. Grace Darling and William Tell are racehorses, but the latter has not done what was expected of him on tho last couple of occasions. Of this uumber I erpact to see the winner and will place them as follows:—Sheet. Anchor, 1; Isonomy, 2; Com motion, 3. Best outsider, Bravo. Tho next race will be the ilotham Handicap, for which a good field will start. Duulop heads the weights with Sat 12lbs, following by SardiusSat lOlbs. Of their chaiices I think very little when a glance is given over those remaining with lighter weights. With such horses as Little John, St. John, Lesbia, and a few others let in at over a stoue lighter, I cannot have Dnnlop or Sardins at any price, There are in all 33 entered, but it is probable that this number will be reduced by nearly a dozeu before the race. Of those left in I like the chauccs of Little John, Lesbiu, Kingmastcr, Britisher, Hoxhain, Zeno and Hen Bolt, and venture to place them thus—Little John, I (with a start), otherwise Britisher, 1; King master, 2; Uexhaiu or Zeuo, 3. Tho Maribyraong Plato comes next, and should prove an exciting event. This year the V.R.C. com mittee have uddod Lbe large sum of £1,000 to the stake, and this alone should be a great inducement to owners to give their two-year olds a fair chance. There are 3t youngsters entered, and some of tho number come from excelleut and sound stock. Tho principal sires represented are—St. Albans, Musket, DarriwelL.The Drummer, Gang Forward, The Marquis, Chester, Maribvrnong, Grand Flaneur, 'ilio Pontilf and others of almost equal fame. Amongst the nominators are Lord Uarriagton, Hous J. White, W. Pearson and W. A.Long. Tho tlrst named runs ft filly by Grand Fla neur, but the stable carrying the blue and white should hove sometbiug bettor in their striug. Hortense, Perhaps and Lady Lovell rcquiro watching, but I fancy the places will bo tilled by the Hon. J. White's Lava (Sales), 1; Hortense, 2 ; iluntiugtower or Per bans. 3. THE DERBY. The event of the clay is tho Derby, or Bluo Riband of Victoria, and the result will be eagerly awaited by thousand** who will be unable to witness the race. The list closed with 133 subscribers, but within tho lust few days the number has been greatly reduced, and when the post is reached, I expect to seo less than a dozen face the starter. Tho wouderful speed of Trident, in. stalled him a strong favorite some couple of months ago, and backers would take nothing else. The horse has been backed for a heap of money, both in doubles uud straight out, and should anything upset tho calculations to-morrow, the bookmakers should be tho happiest of men. From lout? odds Trident ad vanced to 9 to l 011 him, at which figure ho remained for some • time as if on a rock. However, during the past couple of dayB he slightly eased, and yesterday G to 4 on him could bo obtained from the local bookies. Trident is without doubt tho best in the hou. J. White's stable, aud rumor has it that he is the best horse that oyer trod Australian turf. So much for that, for wlien ho is beaten he takes a back seat a. la Martiui-Heury, Nordenfeldt and others. Tho easy manner iu which ho has disposed of his Holds warrants the strong support ho 1ms received, aud with Hales iu tho saddle, ho should win easily, barring acci dents. Volcano, another from tho same stable, is ro pitted to bo tiy top, but tho choice has evideutly fallen on Tridout. Of tho others the moat dangeroud are: — Maddelina, First Cousul, Chesham, Crossfire aud King fish, and I expect to see the numbers go up—Trident or Maddelina, IjChaaham, 2; Kiugfish, 3. Cockboat—First Consul. Of tho Selling Race X am not well acquainted with those ontorod, so will concludo with referring to the last oveut on the programme, viz., the Coburg Stakes. At present there are 48 competitors, William Tell carrying the top weight, Ust Gibs. Tho race should bo between Mtddlemaroh, Recall, Burrilda, St. John, The Agent, and Hogmanay, and out of this half dozen I fa no j*—•Recall, i, The Agent, 2; Middlomarcb, 3. Tho following are the probable starters aud riders for tho Derby Trident, 8st lOlbs, Hales; Volcano, 8st f>lbs, Ellis; Maddelina, 8jt f>lbs, Colley; Aglaos,8st lOlbs, Power; Kiuutlsh, 8st lOlbs, M'Grade; Chesham, 8st lOlbs, A. Robertson; Whitebait, 8st lOibs, Stonnell; Acme, 8st 5lbs, Huxley; Crossfire, 8st lOlbs, William son; Trojan, 8*t lOlbs, O'Connell; Gadtly, 8nt 51ba, Williams; First Consul, Hst lOlbs, W. O'Brien; Dufferin, Sst lOlbs, Brown; St. Julian, 8st lOlbs, Campbell. Melbourne cur. On Tuesday the big event of tho soasou will be decided, nn'l after to-morrow's racing attention will be centered principally iu tho Cup. My remarks anent the horses engaged and opinious on the other events will appear iu Monday's issue. At present I have a decided liking for the following half dozen, Trenton, Grace Darling, Silvermine, Little John, Commotion, and Isononiy. I venture to place thoni thus—Silver mine, 1; Trenton, 2; Commotion or Grace Darling, 3. AMONGST THK TlPSTERS. " Vigilant" in tho " Sportsman." V.R.C. Derby.—Trident, 1; Maddeliua, 2 j with Whitebait as tho best outsider. Maribtrnontj Plate.—Perhaps, 1; Lava, 2. Melbourne Cur.—Tridout or Hoxham, 1; best ont sidcr, Aflluonce. Melbourne Stakes.—Isonomy. Hotitam Handicap.—Hexham, Couuuci Stakes (very open).—Tho Agcut or St. John. " Sterling" in tho " Sportsman." Melbourne Stakes.—Isononiy, 1; Crossfire, 2; Com-, motion or Sheet Anchor, 3. Hotham Handicap.—Hexham, 1; Affluence, 2; Litilo John or Brown aud Rose, 3. Maribtrnono Plate.—Aberdeou, 1; Hortenso, 2; Perhaps or Miranda, 3. The Derby.—Trident,!, Maddelina, 2, Kingfish or Chesham, 3. Selling Race.—Stafford, 1; Medoa, 2; Elliugtou, 3. Couuho Stakes.—Tho -Agent, 1; Middleuiarch, 2; Sirocco, 3, "Ausrnr" iu tho "Australasian. Melbourne Stakes.—Sheet Auchor, 1; Isonomy, 2; Bravo, 3. Hotham Handicap.—First Prince, 1; Brown and Rose, 2; Tho Pencil, 3. Maribyrnono Plate.—Mistletoe, 1; Horteuse, 2; Lava or Aberdeen, 8. V.R.C. Derby.—Trident, 1; Maddeliua, 2; First Consul or Aglaos, 3. Melbourne Cup.—Silvermine, 1; Isouomy, 2; Sheot Anchor or Ben Bolt, 3. "Asmodeus" in tho "Loader." Melbourne Stakes.—Isouomy, 1; Silvermine, 2; Sheet Auchor, 3. Hotham Handicap.-First Prince or Ringmaster, with Urowu and Rosa and Claptrap most dangerous of the others. Marjbyrnonu Plate.—Lava, 1; Mistletoe, 2; Per haps or Miranda, 3. V.R.C. Derby.—Trident, 1; Volcano,2; Maddelina, 3. Selling Race.—The Ghost, 1; Stafford, 2; Mr Oxenham'8 best, 3. Coburo Stakes.—St. John, 1; Goldlake, 2; New market, 3. Hurdle Race (Tuesday).—Blue Mountain or Sir Lauucclot, 1; The Agent, 2; Ocean, 3. Melbourne Cur.—Little John, 1; with Silvermine, Beu Bolt ami Tiident to fight it out for places. "Newmarket" in tho " Woekly Times." Melbourne Stakes.—Industry, 1; Isouomy, 2; Cross fire, 3. Hotham Handicap.—Ringmaster, l;Browu and Rose, 2; Hexham, 3. Marjbtrnonq Plate, — Hortonso, 1 ; Lava, 2; Tabard, 3. Victorian Derbt.—Trident, 1; Chesham, 2; Maddo lina, 3. Selling Race.—Salvo, 1; Stafford, 2; The Ohost, 3. Coburo Stakes.—The Agent, I; St. John, 2; Don Giovan, 3. Hurdle Race.—Ocean, 1; Cftloola, 2; Lady Carring. ton, 3. Kensington Stages.—Mistletoe, 1; Suusbade, 2; Eekcrsloy, 3. Melbourne Cup.—Malua, 1; Britisher, 2; Trident, 3, The " Sydney Tribune." Melbourne Stakes.—Iaonomy. Maribyrnono X'late.—White's best, probably Aber deen. V.K.C. Derby.—Tridont. Melbourne Cui\ — Trident, 1 ; lsonomy, 2 ; Britisher, 3. (ntOM oun own correspondent.) Melbourne, 2*th October. I Some excellent trials were done this morning at Flemington, when, according to custom, the Derby horses were indulged with their final gallops, nttcudance was, an it always is ou the Derby Thursday, very large. Cyclops, llexham, Trident, Maddeliua, and Lava did the host work at Flomington, Hexham maUiuir regular watchbreakinir time. Ilia gallop caused hiui to receive strong support in the rooms, the layers leaving oil at hundreds to uine. LATEST DETTINO. 1 By Electric Teleorapii.J (VR051 OCU special CORRESPONDENT.) Melbourne, 23tb October. Bnsincss on the coming events was very dull to* night, ou!y a few wafers of any itnportunce being re corded. About llexham for the Melbourne Cup, 1,000 to 70 was accepted, aud at oue time Little John went back to 100 to 10, but later on he recovered, and was quoted at his former price, 100 to 12. The following are the latest quotations Melbourne Cup.—100 to 20 against Trident, 100 to 10 Little John, 100 to 10 Isonomy, lOOto 11 Ben Bolt, 100 to 7 Hfxhain, 100 to G Trenton, 100 to 5 Silvcrmine, 100 to 0 Malua, 100 to 5 Sheet Anchor, 100 to 7 Meteor, 100 to 8 Arsenal, 100 to 4 Lord William, 100 to-4 Cross tire, 100 to 3 Bravo, 100 to 2 Salvo, 100 to 2 Cyclops, 100 to 3 Commotion, 100 to 3 Bohemian, 100 to 2 Metal, 100 to 2 (jrace Darling, 100 to 2 AQueuce, 100 to 2 Boolka, 100 to 2 ICingiish, i00 to 2 Lancer, 100 to 2 Myall King. V.li.C. Derbt.—2 to 1 on Trident (off), 5 to 1 against Mialdelina (oil). 10 to 1 Volcano (off). (FROM ANGLO-AUSTRILIAN PRESS agenct.) The only alterations in the betting market to-night arn as follow 8 to 1 Ben Bolt, 10 to 1 Little John and Isonomy, 15 to 1 Arsenal. LATEST SCRATCniNOS. :'iho following are the latest scratchinga Derby.—Blondin, Lord "William, Bosmond, Sweet Marion, Munwyrtina, Comas, Louise Berta, Daystar. Melbourne Stakes.—Commotion, 4.LL Engagements.—Mentmoro, CRICKET. Tho match Bohemians v. Eaglehawk resulted in a victory for the former by 7 wicketa and 20 runs. Tho latter made 12, Case i bein^ tbe'hi^hest scorer. Harry got 7 wickets for 7 runs, and Bowman bowled five ovora iu succession and secured one wickets at a cost of two runs. The Bohemians bad lost 3 wickets for 32, when time was called. T. Clicks contributed 10, Baldock and Graham bowled well for Euglehawk. Golden Gully v. Cherry Tree to-morrow at Cherry Tree. Golden Gully team—Barnard (3), Hayes, Chap, man (2), Mainoun»;yPSchunke, Hickey, Vafopolous, Be Wilton, Morgan, Skimmings, Mumford. Cherry Tree team—Herbel, Park3, Cooper (2), Morgan, J. Parker, Hondry, Doble (2), ilatthews, Griffiths. Bohemians v. Capulets at California Gully to-morrow, Bohemian team—Harry (2), Bowman,Smith, T. Hicks, 'Bottrell, Pub.st, Cutler, Keerhut, Roberts, Payntin^. Reserve—Nerron and Sandoe. Capulets' team Comber, Thompson, Stokes, Skimmins, Harris, Wren, Robinson, Conroy, Donovau, Lyons, Considine, Trc varrow, Pab3t, Murray, Oliver, Doble (2), The match Goldeu-souare v. Crown resulted in a victory for the former, the scores being Goldeu-square 50 for 6 wickets, Crown 46 runs. Kangaroo Flat v. an eleven of B.U.C.C., to-morrow, at B.\ck Creek. Kaujjaroo Flat team Parker, Sim monds, Fox. Field, Munro, GiiiBths, Cooper, Carter, Smith, Yates, Bird; reserve, Wnugh, Burchill, Connor. B.U.C.C, teamAbbott, Crabbe, Coope, Davis, Harvey, Junkc, Jennings, Kilfedder, Quin, A- Roper, Solomon. Reserve—Holmes, Bayliss, Fox, Barnard'fltrcet v. Hustler's Hill to-day on tha Con« rep^Oyal, .Barnard-street t$&m;—CcxkJoq (0), Cmvo^ (2). Truuible (2), O'FiaUorty, Boers (2), Itoaclie, O'Hair, Uulmsco. -R^scrvo—Condon, Montgomery. Caps 2nd Klcvcrr v. B<n>ni,{0 Flat in (lie Reserve to morrow. Cups team-- Crowe, Trayes, Wilde, Johns (2), Pipor, Earle, Budds, Brown, Burridge, Trengrove, Billing-, Lamraon,Carre, O'Neill. West Becdigo t. Quarry Hill 15 at West Bendijro, "West Bendi^o team — Bashford, Roper, Gardiner, Bouehier, Elliott, \Vi<ldoi» (2), Moore, il'Orejor, Samson (2), Glen, Sproat, Davill. ' Park View v. Alabama at Itedau Hill to-morrow. Park team—Glen (2). Condon, Keating; Carr,' Bruce; Connelly, Culmsee, Wheelright, Weurne uud Rotre, Reserve—Truinble. • . . North Benditfo v. Viewpoint at North Bcudigo to« morrow. North Bendi^o team — Cavnl, Tateliell, Steward, Mnttcott, Roach, M'Kenzio, Osborne, Pearco, Youlden (3), Hickn, Lcntou, Pearce. 