TRIP ACROSS KANGAROO ISLAND. [By our Agricultural Editor.] (Concluded.) There is good fiBhnig and hunting in the neighbourhood of Karratta for a patient man. In the river where, the brackish water commences there are Dream ana otner nsn, peaiaea aucKs, swans, and other waterfowl. Bythe way, one of Mr. Harpur's sons and I managed to catch four cygnets 'after about two hours' chase in a rowboaK TDi the scrub there are wallabies in plenty, but the scrub Is altogether too thick for shooting. Parrota and other birds are plentiful amongst the . tall : trees MgTiAr , np, and '.' amongst 7'the' 7 Ihicjic' jungle where three or four creeka * join in the flat to form the Stunsail ? Boom River there- are wild- pigs. ' One oE the .hands upon the station used to go ouV, on Sunday meditating, aided : with , the '. services of the station gun, and he fre quently came home laden with choice' morsels of pork. Upon the coast at the mouth of the river there are rocks from which, in calm weather, fish of all kinds can he caught, and crayfish are hauled to the surface upon a piece of meat tied to a rope, and then grabbed by the horns. A After: a few days' stoppage at Karratta — I cannot say 'rest,' because. we were exploring and collecting from daylight till dark, except wheff taking TpuTitoeala-v-Mr. Harpur kindly ojQfered to take^uTacroas to Cape de Coudie, near -' Remarkable (Rock' and the Camanna' Rocks, known las ' The Brothers' to1 the islanders. Mr. Tepper decided not to- go, because he ?wished to collect— notwithstanding that :the day was Sunday-^-therefore we. started with a+ lighter : loadj which, as it turned' 'out, was rattier fortunate:' For the first' 5 miles the country is rather poor, directly after leaving the valley of Stunsail Boom River, consisting chiefly of a sandy clay (pipeclay), covered with sedges, and gene rally scrubby boshes and heath, with small timber on the low rises. At 7 miles' distance from Karratta we came to the South- West^River— the'point referred to on Captain Sutherland's map as the terminus of his journey across the island and the site of the sealers' huts. Between here and Karratta we passed several lagoons, one called 'The White Lagoon.' There seems to be an immense number of lagoons of this name— indeed they are as common a name on the island as that of Smith or Onetree Hill or Stone Chim ney is upon the mainland. To the left of the track, upon approaching the South West River, is a swamp and a high sand Mil, with limestone beneath and some ironstone. There are Beveral treacherous holes in this hill, and into one of them a man and horse fell not very long since. The man got out again, but the bone3 of his horse remain to puzzle, the naturalists of remote ages to come. The swamp 2 miles to the eastward of the river Is filled with true bullrushea, which are ex tremely rare upon Kangaroo Island, and only known in one other swamp as yet, and at about 2 miles across from the track Is a fine belt of sugargums— all dead, and the hark off, the ghosts . of a former forest. The wood, I was told, Is as solid and as sound as can be. . There is a good area of splendid garden ground in this neighbour hood, and from here onward and to the right of our track: there is a very great improvement. The scrub is very dense, and rises to 20 or 25 feet, with a thick undergrowth. There is a considerable quantity of wattle (Acacia pyenantha), and a great many dwarf acacias of Beveral varieties. At the river itself there is, as usual, a lot of timber. From the South- West River to the Remarkable Sock is about 8 miles, and in going to the Rock we cross the belt of good landr which continues away to the right of our track diagonally away from us. We then came to a low scrub upon a sandy and then a limestone sou. To the right of us, at a distance of apparently 4 miles, is a high range of thickly scrubbed hills, chiefly formed of sand. Between the range and where we are is a deep de pression, from which there is no outlet— that is, the depression is like an immense basin, and at a mile or two from the Re markable Rock we cross a valley which leads into the amphitheatre. The surface is a hard limestone rock, but here is a strong outcrop of granite in three immense round -topped rocks. At about two miles, eastward from the rock the country changes for the worse. Limestone becomes more and more abundant, and the constant jolts Bend electric shocks through each vertebral column. Now and again the party in the buggy take a' sudden flight heavenwards; but the sordid earth still exercises her ^Iftjmg to their bodies, and they come down with a jerk, which Is generally accompanied with a grunt oca groan. To those who are used to rough roads, as we all were, these upB and downs are accepted as part of the programme j but I' heard of some calico men who went over the same road a year or so since, who apparently suffered tortures, and whose cries and groans would have been discreditable to a girls'' boarding-BchpoL ? At about half a mile from the Remark able Rock we had to get out of bur buggy and walk; The scrub was almost im-' passable, notwithstanding that a track had been deared througlilt once. -We came to a huge round-topped boulder of; granite, like a great haystack. . A very short1 distance beyond this; we came on to sand, then limestone slabs, and then the Remarkable Rock itself stood boldly ;beforeus; :-' ':-::: ?','.' '' '?- -: ' -??'?:^'-'' '' -' ? ; -' j The Remarkable Rock consists of three immense rocks of granite, standing high above the clifia of granite which form the base. To seaward the clifis descend at an angle ? of about 90 degrees ; f or a distance of perhaps 300 : feet,- and it would be L a difBcult' feat for a goat to scale them. To landward, onfthe- north and west aide^ ^there is the bare granite hfll upon whiclt 'the0 rock is sup-; ported,'and one' has to be very careful in7 ascending lest he shouldH&p; and come on Mb face upon the smooth rounded mound. To the eastwaxd the slope ia' still Bteeper, and there ia a fiaaure' about. 6 feet wide and about the same 'depth,- by following ?which seaward .down the cliff a nice ppol oi .water , is t,.an-L : :3n every direction landward the granite runs under limestone '(travertine), but -t* lOOyards to the east-' ward there is another large, granite rock, perhaps 30 fe^tr high.' The landward rock of the three1 iorming the 'Remarkable Eockia chambered on iiie northern' side/ j quite a large chamber ~ exMtihg'iat1.:an* ? elevation of about 15 f feet above the bed rock, and a kind of natural stairway leads; !np -'tp.it fxomiteyr&^'ThB easfcraimost ; rock has7a large chamber at-ihtf eastern lend, - witii.' a - 'curtani of l- rbcE^ hang ?ing down %' within 10 feet' of tiie bed' rock. Immediately beneath a wall rises iaboutT.^ feef Kgb^ 'and 'fcsTde~ fher room ithtis formed - ttere~ are two 'benches; ror I banks of rocfc slightly f honowed^-' .which,! I when covered witii brush] serve a¥-bed-^ steadB f or any one -who may- make ^this^ places residence. ^O^V of these: ?benches ia next'fo the i dwarf wall, 'wb. the bthte ia at the back of the room, and above this i is another bench which is called the cup- ? , board, where stores and skins are placed. The wallaby hunters and sealers have ?often made this their home.-. And once a woman with 4wo children occupied the : cave by themselvea for several months whilflt thehuBband was ahearing on the. ; mainland.- I believe the Tnari and two ; children axe now diead, and the widow UvesTbj herself - mites and. miles from all human -aid or 'sympathy, gaiidng ?& Uvtog7b^. -trapping.' , wallaby. Looking at the rock, -froriv Wo \ northward^ the eastern irbek' looks a 'good deal like . an elephant upon -its- knees, the curtain representing |he ?i^pmk.._ The staircase rock7'm{h7Weupp^ '.chamber, stands at the hip - of the elephant, and might be likened to a tiger rampant, but^fadng1 away from the other animal, and rising head above the couchant elephant. From lie westward the rocks looklike three shep herds' huts standing close together upon a high bare promontory. The rock is truly 'remarkable,' not only for ita strange appearance, but also in being granite so much elevated above the old travertine. The travertine is qnite bare over large spaces, and in some parts is only a thin scale of 2 or 3 inches upon the granite, whilst further inland it is up to 60 or 80 feet above the granite. Beneath the slabs of limestone were great numbers of lizards, chiefly geckos, of which I found no less than five under one piece. As the Museum is well supplied with specimens of our geckos, I let the pretty creatures alone. ' From Remarkable Rock to Cape de Coudie is only 3 miles, but it is the roughest 3 miles I ever travelled over in a buggy. The surface i3 all limestone, and the hardest of limestone at that. We saved a long round by taking a short cut across, the country of course being iBcrub, but shorter near the coast than further inland. We made tha old cut ^ck at two miles, and in about a mile more came to a small open place, sur rounded by dense teatree, with a wide jwell-defined gap towards the coast. The place bore most evident signs of human settlement, for there were ancient tins, pieces of rough clothing, old camp fires, a wurley or mi-mi, and other relic3 of civilization. Skulls of wallaby and. opos- Bum were abundant, as well as: bones of Beveral animals. ; Upon enquiry: of our host I learnt that thiB was the sealers' and wallaby trappers-' camp— a nice shel tered place. It was sundown when we reached here, so we pitched our camp,; swung the billy, and deferred our visit to the wonders of -the neighbourhood until the morrow. Mr. Harpur had allowed one of the station hands— an aboriginal from Narracoorte district, who speaks best English, and knows no other tongue —to accompany us on horseback, and I think it would not have been possible to keep the track for half a mile out of the 11 had it not been for his quickness of vision. Ted is a very fair musician, play ing tile concertina by ear vith remarkable precision. Generally I detest 'constant Bcreamers,' but it was pleasant to listen to Ted. During the last 3 miles his quick eye caught sight of a porcupine ant-eater, which he caught, but it got away from us at* -3ueensclnTe . afterwards. He tethered it for the night at our camp, and I watched its method of burrowing. The animal has very strong feet, armed with long claws, which it doubtless uses when digging upon hard ground. But upon the sandy soil it merely fluttered its quills and sunk as a flounder will sink upon wet sand. The quills appear to be set in circles or crowns, and when the animal 'shivers' its skin -the i quflls work in' a circular direction, so that in reality the echidna bores its way into the earth. In [ess than a minute, it was completely' covered— even ^the:'x[uula' were .'out of sight— and no one would have thought that an animal had ever stood upon the spot. At the camp,. Ted set some snares, but in eleven snares he took only one wallaby and two . opossums during the, ttJghr^..^ ' '.,,' ' ,.„ ;_._;! ' '--, ' ' . ;' T ?''. : 7 I Next morning -we; w;ere up./betimes, packed up our tent; and swags, and after; giving the horses their feed, started before breakfast to look at the ? ? Sealers' Bridge and the Cassowary: Rocks, caUed IVThe Brothers' by the sealers, and. islanders. From the camp to the edge of the clifis is about half a mile, on can incline, over a solid surface of limestone, except that it is. full of deep fissures and holes, some of which lead into caves probably, and others are sometimes filled with rain water. One such waterhole is almost permanent, and. Ted got water for the horses out of it. Its position is '? marked by a short stick': with seme stones about it, and it is about midway between the opening in the scrub and the Sealers' Bridge. In the fissures of the rock are growing numbers of shrubs usually found near the seacoast, but they are all prostrate, and with their heads turned away from the sea. This is a strong evidence that the winds are strong in this quarter, and prevailingly from the south and west. Off the end of the cape are two small islands, limestone, with a little vegetation upon them. The first is about a quarter of a mile from the cape, and the other about a mile off, with deep, water all around* They are noted as being the resort of fur seals, and it was upon the nearest of the islands that the two men were imprisoned about twelve months ago through their two mates going away with the boat and getting drowned. The story of their rescue, as told me by my host, was a thrilling one, and I felt almost as much excited as. though the rescue were then being carried out. I am told that the islands stand about 60 feet out of the sea j but standing as it were quite over them upon the high cliffs they look quite flat, and not nearly so high. The weather was dead calm when we were there, and it was almost impossible to realize that there could be much diffi culty in landing on the islands at any time.- ; '? ' ' ' ?' ''? : '-??' '-- ' ?'? - '-'? ? ? After looking at 'The Brothers' for some time and listening to the story of the rescue; my host led the way towards, the point of the cape, and when, we had got probably within 100 yards of it, turned to the left and began descending a narrow and difficult path way down the side of the cliff. After descending about 100 feet we came to a vast arch beneath the hill over which we had previously walked unconscious, of the chasm beneath our feet. The arch is 60 to 70 feet high at the crown and quite 200 feet wide at the base and probably 200 to 300 feet broad. From the roof descend innumerable stalactites, and the floor consists of a hard black schistose; rock, with a dip to the southward and running east and west. To the westward a reef extends some distance with a narrow channel of water up to the floor beneath the bridge. In this channel are growing algae of all sorts and colours, a veritable sea garden amongst the plants of which are fish of varied hues, and chitons, limpets, earshells, and many others, which I should have liked to get for my scientific friends, but could not on account of the slipperiness of the rocks and a 'game' knee. Ted, however, got down and cap- tured a rare crab and two or three other curios, but got caught by a surge, and desisted at my desire. He also caught a couple of penguins amongst, the stones at the base of the 'bridge.' By clamber mg over rocks we turned a corner on the westward, and revealed another curious cave. In this cave there had once been a soft vein in the adamantine black rock, and the constant Barging of j the. water 'from, the west has washed all the soft rock away, leaving a causeway into the cliff of about 10 feet wide, 80 feet long, and 25 feet deep. At the seaward side a' large black rock stands as a block in the causeway, so that we stand here and look straight down into a still dead pool of water—as the tide is out — about 6 or 8 feet deep. The chasm slopes downward, until1 the roof touches the water, and we are left to guess how far it extends, or whether it goeB^right under the hill and. : into the sea on the other side. I Upon the. eastern aide of the cape there are channels between reefs running out for a short distance from the land, and at the end of one of these channels is what is called the Sealer's Cave,, where they sometimes run in a boat, pull it up, and then clamter up the interior of the cave and out at a hole on the flat land above. We had no time to go round to this place, nor was the prospect of a dangerous climb _ sufficiently ' enticing, therefore we returned to camp and had a late breakfast. .... .7 .. .. .It is impcolible rtb ;dq7 justice, to ., the ^au^ of. tna natural.bridgeji.ifacayiesj its cHflB, and its other features, anlfcpio-- bably there are very few men who within fhn Tio-rfc Ifm vpsirw -mil Ituva tVio opportunity oi seeing wnac naa oeen my irivilege to see. It is a very difficult' »lace to reach— quite 80 miles from the learest place where horses could be hired, nd even then there is no feed upon the ray, whilst road there ia none for 30 oiles. There is just a possibility that i lighthouse may be erected either here -r at Cape Bedout some day, since there iave been several deplorable wrecks about his part of the island, and since the border light is completely shut out here. ' if such a lighthouse should be erected it irillbe absolutely necessary to cut and nake a road from Yivonne Bay, where here is excellent shelter, and where some lay. there will probably be a township. tn that case the Sealer's Bridge, the Sealer's Cave and the Remarkable Rock will secure a large number of tourist dsitors. After a hearty breakfast we nade a start, and managed to get over lalf a mile of sandy ground, when just is we got on top of a sandhill, upon level ground, the three centre bolts of one spring }roke all at once ; the spring separated nto seven parts, the kingbolt on the fore larriage broke, and the buggy looked like i coachsmith's yard. I thought we had a ;wo-days' walk before us, but Mr. Harper ;ook out the toolbox, and with the aid of Ced and a lot of patience got the spring ;ogether again, fitted ia a kingbolt, ^paired the other damages, and in i couple of hours we were again upon our journey towards Karrata. At sundown re reached South-West River, where Ted showed his agility in walking a log arid iumbling backwards into the water. We ^ve the horses a drink here, and then itarted again, making Karratta at half past 9 p.m., thoroughly tired but lelighted witiv our visit to Cape da Coridie ind its adjacent wonders. After another day at Karratta we started back for Queenscliffe, going a ittle further to the eastward of the track we took in going up. The deviation was nade at the White Lagoon Station, but ;here was no difference to note in the diaracter of the country. The soil east yard of White Lagoon Station is decidedly nferior to that to the westward, and there s an improvement always as the west ward 1b crossed. Along the beds of he watercourses, on the flats at their sources, and generally when we get )ff the ridge, or backbone, the soil im proves. The centre of the island is high —very high— and there are plateaus or tats along the ridges, which seem to have i pipeclay or calcareous 7 subsoil, inter mixed largely with ironstone nodules, rhe water cannot get away, and the flats produce sedges in place of grasses. Where chere is drainage tile soil appears to be of & much better character, though grass stows nowhere upon the island except apon sandy patches near the seacoast, and upon the' cleared' land near tile water-: curses. I believe that if the land were thoroughly clearedbn some, of the batter' lolls that good grass, good cereal crops, md.good crops of vegetables and fruit x»uld be raised — indeed this has been proved in' several' cases 7 by the gardens and cultivation paddocks that iave been,' established. We reached Queenscliffe at about midday on Friday, ind managed to enjoy ourselves very well ffith collecting and fishing 'until Monday, when we started per James Comrie at 11 urn., and arrived at Port Adelaide at L0.15 p.m. Mr. Harper came up to Ade laide with us upon business, and at Ade laide ended one of the most pleasant ioUdays, -through his kindness, I ever jnioyed. ;. : - ; ? -; .- ;. . , 