The Story Teller. A TRUE GHOST STORY. By Galen. If you look at a map of Donmark, you ? : will soe in tho oxtromo north-wost of tho country a narrow and attonuatod spur of land running put betwoen the two seas -'.named Skager Rack and Cat'togat, and . ; ; . ending in a claw-liko promontory called tlio Skaw. The Danish, town of Predorikshavn ' lies a few miles southward and on tlio op posite Swedish shoro is Gothonborg. Between flows ono of thoso channels 'which have to be passed in entering the Baltic, ? and. which aro fraught with so much danger ' to the mariner. Mjr fathor was muster of the lighthouse on the Skaw, and by means of trading -with the skippers who came our way, and a part ownership of several small r . craft, ho succeeded in keeping his some what large family in circumstances which, ^ . in a part of the world so far romoved froni the extravagance of cities, might bo con-, sidered affluent. Thus in my early youth my chief acquintances lay amongsthe bluff fisher folk by whom tho region was sparsely populated, and I had many opportunities of hearing the strange sayings and of boing awed by tho numerous superstitions that, 7 ' ? were rife amongst them. I often wonder . now how such fallacies could havo taken so deep a root in the minds of these simplo people ; but perhaps if it had been my lot to havo remained for evor amongst them I might myself havo bocomo affccted in a like degree. Often wore the men frighten ed into staying ashore, when they ought to ? have put to sea, by some sago member of tho Community imagining ho had scon a peculiar light of ill omen hovering far out over the sunken rocks. Many events wore prognosticated in truo oracular stylo by tho appearance of the sky by night or day; evil things must of necessity betide the man who killed a stork purposely or by accident, and the women wero frequently in- secret lamentation because they had seen a blue flame in tho fire or some special appearance in the candle betokening a death in the family. The belief in these matters was almost universal; an exception, however, was found in the person of Carl Jansen, whose . derision and somewhat boistorous ridicule „ -grated harshly on my young ears, tingling' ? .as they, were with the weird stories of ghost \- ; and demon. In a kindly mannor he had at times tried to persuade us boys that there never were any such things as ghosts ; but . with little success, perhaps because we wore already too deeply impressed, or may be, found something too much to our liking in the romantic idea of the thing to be ready a- to relinquish it. If anyone could have persuaded us I am sure it was he, for he ? was very popular with us, being the cap ?tain of the lifeboat, a man imbued with that hardihood, admired alike by. boys and men, and tending to inspire faith. I often came into contact with Carl, for on account of the prominent position of our house it devolved upon my father to keop a sharp look ont for wrecks or ships in danger ?and to report immediately any casualty to ? the captain of the volunteer crew, who would then proceed to call out his men and . . launch vthe boat ; and my father often sont me as tho messenger. -It was one night at the end of November before '.we had gone to bed — for in those latitudes the night leaves us early at this season — that my father saw signals of dis; tress from a ship that had probably got on to the reefs, and called to my brother and ? me to bear the tidings to Carl Jansen. The heavens were black and threatening, and the pitchy ; darkness was but little re lieved by. the light reflected from tho sno-w, ? but the road was so well-known to us, and the distance not being great, there was no ; apprehension either on our father's part or our own about the safety of the journey. It was deadly dark and still, excepting for ? - the sound of tho waves which broke with '? a long rumble along the shore ; but we were accustomed to this, and beguiled tho time as we proceeded with a lively chatter i about a great-many unimportant things. ? Amongst the little cluster of fishermen's cottages which we were approaching one had long been held to be haunted. It is said that a man had once hanged himself there, and that his ghost had 'taken pos '. session of the place. Wo had to pass this. \- particular cottage, and as we drew, near it our conversation ceased, for by a not very ? remarkable coincidence our minds were simultaneously occupied by thoughts of the. ghost, and our senses of sight and hearing were keenly awake to any sign ; that might present itself, in a manner per ' ? haps familiar to most people at one time or / another of their lives. Imagine then our. feelings when we distinctly saw a white form issuing from behind the house : \ in question' and moving with a rapid and ? gliding motion within twenty paces off tlie spot where we stood. Wo ^clung to each other for a minute in speechless horror, ?' ? whilst an awful tremor shook our limbs, but then, with tho preternatural strength of foar, wo rushed to the door of Carl Jansen's house, and stood beating it hard and wildly, till the _ astonished master ? opened it and let us in. For some little . .time we' could answer nothing to his queries save an incoherent ejaculation of ' The. ?, ghost !' But in the light and warm room, . 'and under the. influence of his soothing words our presence of mind at length re turned, and by degrees wo were enabled to give an account of what we had seen. 'Come, my lads,' said Carl, ' you have .? 'imagined this; you shall come with me, ?and I will show you you are mistaken.'' . ( Wo wore quito sure we were not mis taken, but after a little persuasion wo each took one of his arms and returned- with him to the scene of our fright, feeling pretty safe in the presence of our hardy friend. We reached the house, walked round it, looked through the windows into tho dark and silent rooms. There was .no fhost, and Jeven my brother and I were eginning to incline to the possibility of our being deceived, when I felt the muscles of the strong arm I held suddonly contract with great forco, ' and looking forward I saw a tall and spectral figure clad in white, ' with sharp features and long. bony hands, moving slowly towards us. Carl Jansen was a brave man, inured to' hardship and danger, and accustomed to look death in tho faco, but ho could find -no voice, and stood still, irresolute, as the awful form approached. Closer and closer it came, until within half-a-dozon yards, ' . when it appeared first to see us, and throw ing up its skinny arms, with a hellish shriek, seemed to sink into the ground. \- Wo turned to tho cottage without a word, \- and by the light of tho lamp that was burning there, I glanced at Jansen's face ; . the blood was trickling from his' bitten lip, and contrasted strangely with tho death like pallor of his cramped features. ' My .' lads,' he said ' we must got to the bottom of this,' and taking a lanthom he called . on two other men, and once again we pro ceeded to the placo. On the spot whero the apparition had soemed to disappear lay a woman'in her nightdress, insensible. She proved to' be a poor creature suft'oring from acute mania, who had eluded the watchful ness of her friends, and promenaded tho snow until exhaustod. .Carl Jansen launched his boat and wont ? out to tho wreck with ono moro addition to his list of oxporioncos, and my brother and , I returned homo 0 tired for OYor of all boliof -ingbosts. , , 