AMI. .S7'RONG AND TlI. MEL. BOU IINE PIWI SBJYT'ERL. StR,-I do not think your " Ghost " is altogot.her impartial. Ieo scarcely "judges righteous judgmnlot." Mlr. Strong got into tihe Ioelbolrno Probytory upon their laddor, which he swvoro to stick by and maintain.. lint scarcoly had he climbed it than he gave' it a kick and nmde anothor of his own. When ho had perched himself on the top of it he boldly claimed that to be the ladder of the Presbytery, and that they too must adopt it, ''hi P'reshytery howeror--oing qnito satia flied with their own, which they had proved. good and true-told him if he wished to be one with them he must beo ontent with tho 1ame. lut no-hoe stuck to his ladder, and so they lot him until he was tired. This conduct; on the palirt of the P'resblytery in styled by the "Ghost " as that of " hanging, drawing, and quartering." The Argus, however, seeing Mlr. Strong mounted on hin lonely perch, took pity upon him, raved again.t the Presbytery for their nofioling behaviour, made a now ladder for In'm to mount up beside it (the Argus), but oh-horribile dictu-the ingrate turned against his now bonofuotor, kicked the now ladder asdeo also, and called it (Argut) bad names into the bargain. Tho Argurs got angry at this ingratitude, turned him adrift, and has left him to hlis fato. Now, the "Ghost," instead of calling the Argus "unco guid" and drawing attention to its "brotherly love," says Mr. Strong has just got what he richly desenrved. Wily is the conduct of the Argus not called " hanging, drawing, and quartoring ?" This puts me in mind of certain Universities in days gone by, whose professors preached the doctrines of pasoivo obedioenceo as long as they thought the blows would fall on others; but they soon changed their tune when they saw the results of their doctrines turned against themselves! But, however, thanks to the " Ghost" for bringing forward such a noble witness in favour of the Melbourno Presbytery. People will see that there are worse folk in the world than the " unco guid," after all. Bllt " Could we see oorsols and we seeo others "r wad free us aft frae mony bothers." An' keor us fran be' in sae persistent In hand n views quito inconsistent, It is not the first time, however, that a " Saul has got among the prophets."-Yours, obe., MucH OnLIQIiD, June 17. 