[?] IBowUsL THE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OF THE WORLD. , By CKROSVENQE BURSTER- . CHAPTER IY. — (Continued). " OF course I do,'' he leiorted, j&eringly.; » Think I don't know you, sir, hey ? Better believe I do 1 What"! Would yer?" With this he raised his left hand to ward off tbe blow he shoug'at i was noous io him. I countered, and hit him under his jawwithastrengthtbat fauly lifted him off the ground, only to dtpsit him on his back upon the gravelled oath way. My father, amoDg other matters, had taught me boxing, and in my course tbr'.ugh life I have found it:a very useful accomplishm1". t. Howeve--, this heavy youth was no cur. He got up, and ' ishspad" in a clumsy sort of fashion, but with such energy that he split his tight fitting jacket up the back. He was no match for me, so that in the course of five minutes I had given him a beautiful pair of black eyes and a tap upon his snub noEe, /_ which did him moro good in tho direction of phlebotomy ih.in any surgeon's skill could have accomplished with lancet or cupping r- glass. " That's enough," said he, dolefully, as the blood streamed from his nose. "My word 1 here's a precious shirt. Won't I get it from Missus. tOh, no, rather not 1 And won t you get pison. I shouldn't say so. .Well. And my jacket busted. Good-bye, Barnaby, my boy. You're to let. Tenders invited. 'Cos why? You're as good as saoked. Lemous ! there's the missus," with whioh he slunk into tho shadow of the wall. But not before the lynx eye of my worthy aunt had seen him. She called him, in a peremptory ' manner, and he obeyed. A shout of laughter rang from my lips as I beheld him shuffling towards the good lady ; his unwholesome, pasty looking face besmeared with blood, his jacket split fropi " stem to stern," his \\. and crooked legs at last a foot too far through his trousers. Ho looked like a dissipated and damaged grasshopper, arraigned before a court of bis kind, To say that horror and indignation were alternately reflooted on my aunt's coun tenance is to Eay nothing. The impression, which her looks, her attitude, her fixed stare at Barnaby conveyed to me, was, that she was in evident doubt as to whether she was not the victim of some optical illusion. Doubtless, Bhe considered whether it was really possible that any person could have so out- raged the sacred character of her domain as to strike one of her servants. Slowly her gaze turned from Barnaby's bstteredface to mine. It was smiling and genial. I approached, doffed my cap, and bowed to the lady. " I am distressed, Madam," said I, " that owing to your servant's insolence, I have been compelled to chastiso him." " Then you — you, Bir, have been guilty of this outrage?" - I smiled, and shrugged my shoulders, and at this moment my father, accompanied by a dark, fat, heavy-looking gentleman in clerical garb, joined my aunt on the balcony. " ."What is the matter, my dear Ellen?' " said tiia heavy cleric, whom I at once identified as the Rov. Mr. Porter. " Matter 1" exclaimed the lady. "Matter jenougb. A precious youth this son of yours, brother. Look at my page, Barnaby." "My father did so, and burst into a fit of . . laughter. Nor was the Reverend Mr. Porter ' .unimpressed by tbe ludicrous aspect of his page, who, in good truth, looked, with his swollen eyes, and pulpy mputb, and dilapi dated garments, very much like a defeated and demoralised dunghill rooster. \- : To say that tlie lady was disgusted is to ; eay little. She past an indignant glance at Her husband, and tfaeD, muttering some remark under her breath, stalked away. Mr. Porter told Barnaby to go to his room, and wash his face, and I joined my father. _ " Well, master Jack ," said he — " this sort of thing won't do. You are already in sad disgrace with your aunt." "I am very sorry." I answered, "but really Sir, the fellow was most insolent. Ho called ms a tramp and more than hinted that I was a thief." " Then," interrupted the reverend Mr. Porter with emphasis "I cannot blame you. You served him right. Tho fact is, my. wife spoils that lout, and between ourselves, I'm not sorry that master ecspcgraca here, lias taught him a lesson. There gpes the luncheon bell." With thi?, he led the way, while my father pinching my ear, whispered to me that he was not angry, but on the contrary pleased by the spirit I had shown. And as his good opinion was ail I oared for, I sat down to luncheon in a very happy frame of mind. With my.usual audacity I joined readily in the conversation which was somewhat slowly carried on by the seniors at the table. I addressed myself to my cousins with easy familiarity ; and. was in no sense deterred from this course by the efforts they made to oheck me. My aunt preserved the most frigid demeanour towards me. This however, I did not affect to notice. Indeed, it afforded me some pleasure to ignore her contemptuous bearing towards me. and to take every oppor tunity of addressing myself to her ; in this I was enoonraged by observing that my father took the cue, and enjoyed the mischief. \- "Why do you call that grave yard a garden, aunt ?" said I as I trifled with the leg of a chicken. Mrs Porter stared; my father grinned, the good Mr Porter looked frightened, and the girls glanced appre hensively at their mother Toe High Church butler however, turned aside to hide & smile. My tactics were evidently to his taste. " I call it a garden, little boy, because it if a garden" at length answered my aunt. 3 laughed. " A garden I" I echoed. " I counted seven daisies, all of which wore in articulo mortis, s debilitated willow tree, and a dozen or so of demoralised looking wall-flowers. A garden, aunt 1" " Yon are impertinent, little boy," said mj aunt with some irritation. " I presume tha; we may expect to. find ourselves and oui .whole surroundings subject to your criticism." "Nay," I answered deprecatingly, "I did not mean to offend you auut. I was about to propose that you should permit me tc ' improve your garden. ThesoU is good, and although little or no sun reaches it, I- do not donbt that I could make it bloom." "Come, now," cried the good Mr Porter; " that is a handsome offer, Mrs Porter." yf' A sprat to catch a mackerel" grumbled thi lady. "We shall see whether deeds follow fine promises. Meanwhile, little boy I have h6t forgiven you for your assault upon my page-" "I was jealous of his favor with you aunt." I ' answered demurely. She could not help joining with the others in the laugh which followed ; and in this humor left us. "And now," said Dr Porter, "we will inspect the Cathedral, and then pay our visit to Dr Wrinckle. If we reaoh the school by four o'clock we shall find him disengaged. This we did. Having seen the Cathedra1 and listened to Dr Porter's dissertation there on, we repaired to Dr Wrinckle, whom w< found a meek and crushed out sort_ of little gentleman with a kindly face and nervou- manner — one of those men who, having married a stronger nature, at onct yield up all personality into her hands. " My boy," said my father," it strikes rnt- that the grey mare is the better horse. A the same time, there is no question which i- the more worthy. I like the Doctor. He comes with us to- night." CHAPTER Y. A LITTLE DINNEB. The two gentlemen now accompanied us for a walk through the principal streets of the town, in the course of which we were in troduced to several other clerical gentlemen, all more or less of the type of the Reverend Doctor Porter or the Reverend Doctor Wrinckle. Any body who may have resided in a Cathedral town in England will remem ber these types, and will, I am sore, acquit me of any exaggeration in my description o! these representatives- Clerical life in such towns has been ably dealt with by the let? Anthony Trollope. It is characteristic of English life, and is seen nowhere else than in Cathedral oities. And It bears with it that sound, perfumed spirit of conservatism and dainty gentlemanliness which is nowhere else discovered in the churches, save in the Church of England. The parsons of this church may be prejudiced, proud, and narrow of thought, and aristocratic in their poli tical opinions, bat they are essentially gentle men. At least this is my conclusion, and I have had exceptional opportunities of judging. The doctors too, accompanied U3 to the Guild Hall, over whioh ancient buildiDg we were ehown by the Town Clerk, a gentleman by the way, who died not many months ago at Ballarat. And presently wo returned tc Dr. Porter's residence, where we partook of some slight refreshment, and' where I learned from the High Church butler that Barnaby, the page, had been put to bed, &nd; that leeches had been applied to his swollen optics. "Which I will say, sir," remarked the bntler " they are orful. The ladies in tbf kitchen, sir, are delighted. For if ever tber; was a pup as needed kickin', that there Bar naby's one. But sir, bless yer, 'tis as mucl as our places is worth to say a word agir him ; Missus i3 so took up with the huglj hirap." It will be seen by the reader that I bad oreated some interest in the minds of thos' with whom I had come into contact. And this was what I desired. I could never bea- to remain in the background. My pbliey bar ever been to push myself to the front, as i believe I shall show in the course of thi' narrative. Bidding Dr. Porter farewell for the present. Dr. Wrinekle and my father and myself let the house, and wa.lked down the high street. Here the Doctor ported with us. "You will ba prompt to half-past six Doctor ?" said my father. " Remember, n' apology can excuse a man who keep3 a dinnei waiting." " True, true. I shall be there to . th minute, Captain," and then the little mar walked off, muttering asides by the dozen. " A decent little gentleman, Jack," said mj father. "What a pity one cannot say a.- much of the gentlewoman, his wife." " " She is an ogre," I cried. " And did yon see her moustache, sir?" "Faith I did, Jack; there w&3 no need for a microscope to do that." Then he rane the bell, and summoned tbe landlord, Mr. Becker. Mr. Becker was tbe very type of an English boniface of olden days. His conntenance beamed with the spirit of hospitality. He was stout and hearty, and red of face, and of husky voice. He looked as though he had been suckled upon rare wines and fed upon roast beef from bis very advent into this world. He listened to my father's instruc tions with grave attention. "A dinner for three," said he. "Dr. Wrinokle — an excellent and most learned gentleman— yourself, sir, and your son. At half-past six o'olock. You may rely upon me, sir," and with a bow and a flourish he left us in order to personally superintend the pre- peration of the feast. . At six o'clock precisely came the doctor, scrupulously attired in solemn black, and looking, for all the world, like a mummy dressed for a funeral. But he was in high spirits. Indeed, he oonveyed the impression that he had been let off his chain in order to enjoy a run. His face was puckered with smiles. He laughed and chuckled. He quoted Latin moralities for my delectation; in a word, he behaved very much as his pupils might have done under similar circum stances. At half past six o'clock Mr. Becker an nounced that dinner was served, and we all sat down to a positive work of art. A dish of oysters preceded the feast. Then came clear soup, followed by some delicious soles fried to a turn, with a marvellous dish of stewed eels. Ahaunch of Welch mutton came next with a couple of tasty entreps. £lome snipe served on toast, some capital sweets, to which, with a youngster's palate for such matters, I paid particular attention. These good things, with a noble dessert, made up a very tolerable dinner. I do not know what the Doctor thought of the matter, but 1 cer tainly judged from the expression of his face that he was at once delighted and astonished. An after acquaintance with the domestic eoonomy of his household explained to me that our little dinner must have" been a revela tion to him. " Well" said the Doctor, as he sat baok in his cbair, and surreptitiously loosened three buttons of his waietco&t.; " I must certainly say, my dear Captain Abberton, that your hos pitality is overpowering." " Ah," said the Doctor, smaoking his lips. " an excellent wine, albeit Dr. Johnson sneered at it. Claret for- boys, port for men, but brandy for heroes. He ! he ! He was an emphatic personage truly." " We should have heard but little of him, Doctor," said my father, " had it not been for his toady, Boswell." " Positivelyou are correct," returned the Doctor, as he drank off another bumper. "Boswell's tittle-tattle is most entertaining.' " Try these olives Doctor," said my father, and the liftle gentlemen courteously accepted . the offer. Never, I think, shall I forget that wrinkled countenance as its owner cautiously plaoed an olive In his month. He puckered up his eyeB, twisted his lips, and expressed in his face the most exquisite disgust. It was evident that olives were not to tbe taste of the little man. However, he bolted that which he had placed in his mouth. " Ahem ! " said he, "really, now, that was an olive. I have read of them in Virgil, but positively never have I before tasted of them. What, now Captain, may be your idea of the flavor." " Well," laughed my father, " if the truth must be told, the impression oonveyed to me when I first ate an olive was that the frnlt had been preserved in what sailors call " bilge- water." But olives flavor one's wine im mensely." "Do they,' now," said the Doctor, dubiously. " Humph I I think that I prefer thq wine without the olives," and he dipped into tho claret 'again. He was so simple, so innooent in his ways that really it was im possible to check the impulse of friendship towards him. And, presently, as the wine mounted into his head, he displayed festive qualities of the most charming kind. He sang ne a song, in a little, thin, piping voice, about Chios and Stephron, and so on, with many remarkable trills and qnaverings. He told us some little stories of his early college days, when he was ' a naughty boy, sir, and a sad, young dog." In a word, he made himself very agreeable, and my father, whose spirits were of that elastic kind which is proof against dullness, surprised even me by his happy wit and humor. He sang some noble songs, with a deep, baritone voice that rang and echoed through the long room, and brought to the door an admiring audience of waiters and ohambermaids. " Now, Jack," said he, as he finished ' The Old Temeraire.' Come, boy. Ii2t us have your song. Sing us one of the ditties Monsieur" Tondeur taught you," 'and he winked knowingly. Nothing loth, I burst forth with Beranger's " La Vin et la Coquette," singing the ditty with spirit and emphasis. The Dootor's face was a study. " Bless my soul 1" he said, presently, turn ing to my father, whoso eyes were danoing, and whoao lips trembled from suppressed mirth. " Where did the lad learn suoh a song. French too. Well I'm- ruBty as to French — but still, humph;" and he Bhook bis head and drank off another glass of claret. My father laughed aloud. " A young scamp, eh 1 Doctor," he cried. " You must teaoh him to forget his Bohemian education. I'm afraid that I have sadly neglected him." "Nay, nay," said the Doctor, gravely, hold ing up one hand in deprecation. " I do not think that. The lad is clever, no doubt, and has picked up many matters whioh perhaps it would have been well he should not have learned. Bat serious study will soon banish these toys of fancy," and again the Doctor paid court to the claret. He had passed frotil the first to the second stage, and wa3 now as solemn and didactic as, a few moments before, hs had been lively and volatilo. It was now nigh npon tan o'clook, and the Doctor protested that he must return. " A married man, sir," he said, with some thing very like a hiocough. " I must keep good hours. Bless me — what a singular phenomenon. Will -you be kind enough Capt'en to inform me— inform me— how many there are of you," and he gazed piti- ously at my father, who burst into laughter. At this moment, the door was opened sud denly, and Mrs. Wrinckle entered the room with" the stride of a grenadier. Without noticing my father, she approached her hus band an seized his collar. " Pretty goings on, truly," she said, " ten o'clock and not abed yet," and she tugged at her husband's coat. The little gentleman's imbibition of sound olarethad aroused within him that species of valour which is known as Dutch courage. He struggled to his feet. " Madam," said he, " what means this unseemly conduct? Are you aware who I am ; who I am !" " Come along," said the lady, " who you are, you pitiful, little, dried up, sapless bur lesque upon a man. I should think I did. Good night gentlemen. Your hospitality has been too much for this poor creature," and with these words she gave a sudden tug and the little Doctor disappeared with his captor through the door. My father shook with laughter. " There, Jack," said he, " there you behold an illustration of tbe influence of lovely woman. %I do not think that your mamma oould have distinguished herself so graphically. But come boy, get to bed. You must see me off to-morrow morning. We shall not see each other for some time to come, after -we start for the other end of the world," and he drew me towards him and kissed my cheek. My heart was too full to answer him. When I got to my room I threw myself upon the bed and wept bitterly. A sense of loneliness and desolation seized upon me ; I felt for the fiist time m my life, the utter misery of one who was about to part with his true friend. I cried myself to sleep. In the morning when I awoke, my father was standing by my bed. His eyes full of tenderness and solicitation met mine he smiled. " Come Jack," he cried, " up with you, I have only an hour for breakfast and to reach the train. While you dresB I'll have a litte talk with yon. I jumped up and began to dress hastily. Meanwhile my father briefly instructed me that I was to writo to him at least once a month. " He gave me twenty pounds. " Of course Jack," he said, " you need not dissipate this large foitnne. But you will need a little money. As I understand, there are some youngsters at this school whose friend ship may serve you. There is nothing, my son, which can be so readily bought as friendship. Be discreet, therefore, and you may turn yonr twenty pounds to good profit. At the end of every quarter yon shall have another tip." Then he was silent, sitting by the window, looking ahroad with that self-contained look which tells that the- infiuence of all exterior matters are unfelt. He was very grave daring breakfast, and said but little more as we drove to the station. And then, merely repeating his injunctions to write regularly, ho warmly embraced me, and we parted. Blind with the tears I in vain sought to control,, I made my way back to the hotel, and there, getting my traps together, drove to Mr. Porter's habitation. If its gloom had oppressed me the day before, I felt_ its Influence tenfold to-day. A shudder thrilled me as I walked up the damp step3 and rang the bell. .The High Church butler admitted me with a deferential bow. In him I had certainly found an ally. CHAPTER YI. I AH cobbed. Received with formal cordiality by my aunt and her family, I sat down to the break fast, which they were oareful to inform me they had delayed upon my account. After this I was shown to my room, a ghostly apartment, f airly furniehed, however, and looking out upon the Cathedral yard. It was now nine o'clock, and I hastened to school, the duties of which had already commenced ere I arrived. Tbe little doctor looked somewhat shame faced as I saluted him, but as I was careful to preserve the utmost respeot in my J- demeanour towards him he soon beoameat ease, and questioned me as to my acquire- j" % \ ... ; : - ' meats. He told me that I must commence forthwith the study of the classics, concern- ing the value of which ha was most enthusi- " The modern languages my dear boy," said he, " corns afterwards. The basis of an elegent education are the classics. As for French, he added, with a faint smile, "I am afraid you know more than I oan teaoh you." With this he handed me my books and con ducted me to my class desk at the lower end of the large hall which served for the sohool- room. I was mortified to find that my class- mates were in all cases my superiors, and deter mined to do my utmost to acquire the position held for the moat part by those of my own age. Filled with thi3 resolution, I conquered my curiosity in respect to my sohool-fcllows, and set to work with a will to master the initiative steps of Ccesar'a Commentaries. My memory was excellent, and as I possessed (and still possess) a superior faculty for con centrating my thought and energies npon any subjeot which I took in hand, I was quite ready with my lesson when the class was oallednp. The Doctor was very pleased. "I see, I see," said he„" you and I will get tlong together," and he patted my head. At twelve o'olock ths work ceased for two hours and we we were released. With a rush the boys passed into the play- ground whither I followed them. I was instantly sur rounded. " How old areyou, yokel," asked a big hulk ing fellow with the visage of a cowboy. " What's yon dad ginger," inquired another referring to the auburn tint of my hair. " Let us cob him. Fine or cob, fine or cob, and the cry was taken up as half a dozen of the bigger boys seized me and threw me on tbe ground. " Now new boy, said the big fellow to whom I have referred, as he proceeded, in common with others to tie hard nots ill his hand- kerohief. " It is the custom of this sohool to initiate every comer into the mysteries and ceremonies of the guild. You have the option of buying off, you know," and he stood ever me ready to strike. I was fnrions, and setting my teeth swore that I wonld have a mighty revenge. " Turn him on his faoe lads," cried the big fellow, and in a trice I was set with my face to the gravel. Then at a given signal, each boy struck me with his pocket handkerchief, chanting the while. ' " New boy, new boy, why has he come to ' us ? Cob him, cob him, pugnis et calcibus. So he'll learn, so he'll learn doeendo deeimm \ Let him know, that we rule, propria qua mart- but, It was with the greatest difficulty that I controlled my cries, for the pain was intense. At laEt, however, my flogging ceased and my captors sprang aside. I leaped to my feet, and withont more ado walked up to the big bully who was the ringleader in my torture, and struck him with my beBt strength straight between the eyes. For my age, I was very powerful and in this case rage and pain lent me added force. The bully dropped upon the ground, stunned and insensible. " Now," said I as I brushed the dust from my clothing, " you fellows have got hold of the wrong pig by the ear this time. I'll thrash you one by one before a month is out," and with this I walked off. As I left I turned my head to observe that my bully had arisen and was being supported into the house by some of his comrades. " Well Master Abberton," said the Reverend Mr. Porter as we sat down to luncheon, " and how did yon get on to- day. " Very fairly," I answered, as I disposed cf a slice of ham. " Sir, I had to thrash one bully, and, I suppose will have to deal with the lot." My aunt looked at me, sghast. " I'm afraid little boy (she used this phrase to take me down a peg,) that your disposition for fighting will biing yon into trouble. You had not been in Exeter an hour ere yon blackened Barnaby's eyes, so that he is now unpresentable." " I fancy," said I, " that my friend tbe bulljr is in a similar fix by this time. The fact is madam, I do not choose to be in&nlted; or imposed upon." " In your journey through life," remarked the reverend Mr. Porter, sententiously, you will find, I think, that you must put up with many insults, many impositions. 'I don't think I shall," I answered, " unless indeed it should be expedient to do so. May I trouble you for another slice of ham." I saw the girls glance at each other, as the reverend Mr. Porter, first staring incredulously at me, proceeded to cut me a minute slice of ham. " Thanks" said I, "another slice please. Sohool work makes a fellow hungry.'- The ghost of a grave smile was to be seen for a moment upon the High Church butler's countenance, as he banded me my plate ; and I waB not displeased to note that Lilian the youngest and fairest of my cousins, was entertained by my cool end audacious manner. As for my aunt she stared at me haughtily. I met her gaze. " What is it madam," I asked. - "I was thinking, little boy," she answered with a frown, " that nowadays children are wonderfully impudent." "You are right, madam," I answered, " though why the thought should have caused you to stare so at me, I do not understand." " Then you have less wit than I give you credit for," she replied. "Possibly, madam," wa3 my answer, "I donbt not however, that my residence here will serve to sharpen it. But as to your judicious observation concerning tbe impa tience of the modern boy, I quite agree with you.' He iB an audacious young cub. But have you not considered, my dear lady, that the cause of his impudence may be traced to hia natural rebellion against the tyranny of his elders. Positively it is so. Tbe modem boy objects to be snubbed. In his revolt he perhaps goes to extremes, and so snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation." It is impossible to convey any idea of the expression of the reverend Mr. Porter's faoe as I delivered this little address. Always heavy and etnpid of aspect, his visage now ex pressed the ntter bewilderment and conster nation of its owner. Ho Eet down his knife and fork and gazed at me. As for my aunt, her frown grew darker as she Bharply rejoined, " You talk too much, Sir, for a little boy. Children should listen, not speak." " Nay," I laughed, " my tongue must wag. . And I suppose, aunt, that I am an impudent fellow. The Spanish saying doubtless ap plies to me; "Poca barba poca virguenza and I drank my small beer with aa air, "And what may that mean young Sir," said my reverend host, at last finding his tongue. " Little beard little shame," I laughed, as I glanced at Lilian, whose blue eyes were danoing. " Then," said my aunt venomously, " the sooner your beard grows the better »for your modesty." And with this Parthian shot sho arose. I flew to the door, opened it, and as she passed out bowed to the ground. It was .evident that our relations were scarcely of a peaceful character. When she had gone with her brood, the reverend Mr. Porter called mq to him. " Have a glass of wine my boy," Baid he. " And I like you none the less for your impudence," and the reverend gentleman chuoked. " To tell you the truth," he added, " you are the first who has- ever had the courage to taokle her. It seems a strange thing for the master of the house to say, Master Abberton, but the fact is my wife is a trifle overbearing. In short, I don't like her temper." "And so," I laughed, "you rather enjoy the spectacle of another's Rebellion against the lady's eccentrioities." (To jet$ininA.£ 