TEE GERMAN SUNDAY. In Berlin the manner of observing the Holy Sabbath is nothing Bhort of a disgrace to Protestant civilisation. God's holy day is no.t regarded as a day only for pious contemplation > and religious works. It is a day of permissible rest and devotion, but not a day in which one is morally obligated to absolute abstinence from every secular work and worldly amusement. On Sunday vast throngs of people crowd the principal streets, Unter den Linden, the Lust Platz, Friedrich Street, Wilhelm, Leipziger, and other streets, at all hours ; many shops and all the cafe3 and beer-halls and saloons are opened; the concert-halls, beer-gardens, where are bands of music, the theatres and the operahouses, all are well patronised. It is not an extraordinary event for the undoubtedly Christian Emperor of the German Empire to occupy his box in the Royal Opera House on Sunday night with some member of the Imperial family. It need hardly be said that the churches are not attended by the male portion of the people. This, however, must not be taken as true in every instance, but only of attendance on Church services in general. A Continental Sabbath ! In the city of Berlin, which has 900,000 Evangelicals, there are seventy churches ; and these have a seating capacity for only 40,000 persons, so that if all the churches are full at the morning service there are still 860,000 deprived of that privilege ; and if they are filled again at night by those who did not attend in the morning there are every Sabbath in Berlin 820,000 people of the Evangelical faith who did not attend Divine worship that day. Why, there are not enough churches in Berlin to accommodate even the servants, for the number of these in the city is nearly 70,000 (65,981.) In the suburbs, meaning surrounding towns, there*are 700,000 Evangelicals, but only 20 churches and 30 pastors. In the pariah in which I am living, which is about half-an-hour's walk from the heart of the city, there are nearly 30,000 souls ; but they have only one church and three ministers. Similar figures might be given of other cities. The parish of Schonfeld (Leipzig) has 40,000 souls, one church and three ministers ; the parish of Reudniss, 17,000 souls and one preacher. But this is not all. Would that it were! Not only is it impossible for the people to attend church, it is impossible for the pastors to give spiritual attention to the people. If we take 21 from the 120 ministers in Berlin—the 21 being workers in various institutes—we have only one pastor for each 9,000 souls. A sad state of religion that. It is not to be wondered at that the people wander away over the city, or, in multitudinous mass block the entrance to railway stations, or find their way, as some do, into suburban fields and meadows where the "cattle lie in unhindered rest, the soft sunshine on their dappled bodies, instead of priests' vestments," but where neither the " tender wilderness of glittering trees " nor the " misty lights of evening on immeasurable hills " are visible. Carlyle somewhere likened the Church of France at the outbreak of the Revolution to a dumb ox tied to the stall waiting to be fed ; butthe State Church here is by no means so bad as that. It would be utterly false to so describe it. Yet, as might be expected, it has little influence with the masses. Romanism has none at all, and no John Wesley has as yet arisen to save the country from the im- pending social catastrophe, as he helped to save England from the results of its period of Deism and the influence of the French Revolution. A recent writer on Socialism has said that in the German army alone lies the safety of Germany. Yet Berlin is only one city, and things here are growing better, so that we should not look at the question of Sunday observance and the problems of Church and society wholly through pessimistic spectacles. The Continental Sabbath is not a thing of yesterday. It is an inheritance from the long past, and is connected with that period when men paid more attention to saints than to God, and gave more attention to saints' days than to God's day, and so reduced God's day to the level of a saint's feastday. The Roman Church, previous to the Reformation and since, had a totally different conception of the holy Sabbath from what we have, and this view was easily domesticated among the peoples of Europe, and was not eliminated in the Reformation. Nothing but a Holy Ghost baptism will ever destroy Sabbath-breaking. Religion has no greater enemy than the Sabbath-breaker. Destroy the sense of sanctity in the heart of a people for the Sabbath, and the religion of that people is a mere parody. There are many questions concerning the workingman connected with this Sabbath question, but the most of them are social questions, and muBt be Bolved as such, though the Church must interest iteelf in all that pertains to man ; since, if it is of any worth, it is only of value in so far as it is a continuation of Christ's life while upon earth. ThiB much is certain—God knew there would be a nineteenth century; He knew there would be_railroada and steamboats, and printing presses, and museums, and crowded cities, and all that we have ; yet He gave the commandment, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. '"—Christian Advocate. 