PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. THE ANNUAL SESSION. The twenty-first annual session of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales was opened yesterday evening at St. Stephen's Church, Phillip-street, in the pre- sence of a large congregation. RETIRING MODERATOR. The Rev. Roger McKinnon, retiring Mode- rator, preached the opening sermon, taking for his text Psalm xxxiii., 11 — "The counsel of the Lord standeth for ever: the thoughts of His heart to all generations." MINISTERIAL CHANGES. The following report on ministerial changes which have taken place since last assembly was adopted:- Deceased: Rev. James Milne, M.A., St. John's Paddington; Rev. John Evans, M.A.. Moss Vale. Demitted: Rev. William J. Cuthbert, Liverpool; Rev. Allan McDougall, M.A., Grafton; Rev. W. F. Fraser, M.A., Lis- more; Rev. John Fowlie, Pitt Town ; Rev. John Ayling, Scone; Rev. Robert Inglis, M.A., Cootamundra; Rev. Evan Bissett, Cooma; Rev. David Allan, Upper Manning; Rev. Alexander Dandie, M.A., Woodburn. Translate : Rev. Philip Norman, from Wallsend to Scone. Admitted: From the Established Church of Scotland- Rev. James S. Scott; Rev. T, R Fullerton. From the Free Church of Scotland— Rev. J. Virtue McNair, Rev. Andrew Barron, M.A. From the United Presbyterian Church — Rev. Alexander Millar, M.A.; Rev. H. A Hutchinson, B.Sc. From the Presbyterian Church in Ireland — Rev. W. S. Frackelton, M.A., B.D. From other Colonial Churches- Rev. James Lawrie and Rev. W Anson Smith from Queensland; Rev. George Hay from New Zealand. From the United States of America — Rev. D. Whitehill Macfie, M.A. Inducted: Rev. Archibald Gilchrist, LL.D., St. John's, Paddington; Rev. W. Gibson McConchie, M.A., Mudgee; Rev. S. T. Dickenson, Yass; Rev. C. Naismith, Liverpool; Rev. John Ayling, Pitt Town; Rev. W. S. Frackelton, M.A., M.Sc., B.D., Randwick; Rev. H. A. Hut- chison, B.Sc., Leichhardt ; Rev. T. Gordon Molyneux, M.A., LL.B., Manly; Rev. John McNeill, B.A., Waverley; Rev. D. W. Macfie, M.A., Cootamundra; Rev. W. F. Fraser, M.A., Murrurundi; Rev. Simpson Millar, Bourke; Rev. Andrew Barron, M.A., Grafton; Rev, George Hay, Cooma; Rev. Robert Inglis, M.A., Lismore. Ordained and inducted — Rev. Alexander Millar, M.A., St. Andrew's, Sydney; Rev. W. Weatherstone, Grenfell; Rev, J. Lawson Forbes, M.A., B.D., Eden; Rev. Thomas Steele, M.A., Moree; Rev. E. J. Thomson, Tenterflield; Rev. Alexander Fraser, Middle Clarence. Applying for ad- mission — Rev. James Milne, from the Congre- gational Church. Licensed — Rev. Charles Crane, B.A. Returned— Rev. Roger McKinnon, St. Leonards. THE ROLL. Revs. John H. Craig, M.A., Wm. McKenzie, M.A.. Edward Holland, Jno. Taylor, W. Gibson McConchie, M.A., Boswell Berry, M.A., Andrew Barron, M.A., Jno. Burgess, M.A., A. Fraser, Simon Fraser McKenzie, M.A., Robt. A. Steel, M.A., S. T. Dickinson, David Moon, B.A., Chas. Naismith, J. D. Murrav, Thos. E. Clouston, B.A.. Jno. Ayling, J. Cameron, D.D., P. Fitz- gerald, Andrew Wilson, M.A., James Lamont, Jas. Benvie, J.S. Laing, Wm. Bain, J. S. White, LL.D,, Jno. D. Dymock, A. A. Aspinall, Thos. Nisbett, Wm. Gardner, J. A. Archibald, J. L. Forbes, M.A., B.D., Robt. Kay, M.A. (C. and S.), Andrew Armstrong, M. A., A. McClinchie, Jas. Cosh, M.A., G. Grimm, M.A., A. Osborne, M.A., David Smith, M.A., Andrew Gardiner, M. A., Henry A. Hutchinson, B.Sc., T. G. Moly- neux, M.A., LL.B., Robert Collie, F.L.S., A. Gilchrist, M.A., LL.D)., Hy. Macready (C. and S.), Wm. S. Frackelton, M.A., B.Sc., &c.;, Thos. J. Curtis, A. Millar. M.A., Roger McKin- non, Robt. Steel, D.D., A. Milne Jarvie, Jno. McNeil, B.A., John Kinross, B.A., D.D., John M. Ross, Danl. W. Macfie, Jno. Walker and J. C. McDonald. The following elders answered to their names Messrs. Alex. Dean, J. H. Goodett, Jas. Barrie, Jno. Aldcorn, Jno. McCal- lum, A. Affleck, A. W. Thomson. John Shand, Wm. Lamrock, Wm. Walker, Robt. Turton, C. S. Boag, Joseph Cunningham, A. Sheddan, Thos. Nicoll, Wm. Tombine, Donald McTavish, Jas. Anderson, R. Anderson, Jas. Little, W. Henderson, D. McAlpine, R. K. Sidey, Wm. Wood, Wm. Wallan, T. R. Steel, Alex. George, Wm. H. Tindell, A. Halkett, J. D. Rutherford, D. McConaghy, John Ross and Jas. Anderson, sen. THE MODERATOR'S ADDRESS. The Rev. Andrew Gardiner, M.A., was elected Moderator, and after being inducted to the chair, delivered the following address: — Fathers and Brethren, - Allow me first of all to thank you for the honor you have done me in electing me to the chair of this assembly. It is a great honor— the greatest which you can confer. I trust you will give me full credit for sincerity when I say that while making ail grateful acknowledgments to you in accepting this high office, I have a deep sense of unworthiness and of unfitness too; for the position to which you have called me is not only one of honor, but of work and responsibility. In order to the right discharge of its duties, qualities of a high and varied order are needed; a thorough knowledge of church procedure; the power of judging quickly and clearly, and a firm dignified and yet kindly demeanor. Many of you know how far sbort I come of these and other qualifications which go to make up a good moderator. At any rate I am very sensible of my deficiencies; so much so that I wonder why I am elected, and being elected I now look forward to the varied duties of this high ofiice with much apprehension. There are two reflections, however, that uphold me. I feel sure you will bear kindly with my deficiencies, and I know that the Master gives help for any work to which His servants are called. Looking to Him for His guidance and grace and to you for your kindly support, I can only promise to do the best I can. Very generally the modera- tor's address gives a summary of the work and progress of the Church during the past year, and directs attention to the more important undertakings on which the assembly may enter in the future. It thus nearly always falls under the two heads of Retrospect and Pros- pects, and breathes the spirit of the apostle when he thanked God and took courage. And all this is very natural and fitting, and I do not think I can do better than follow the good example which so many of the honored fathers who have occupied this chair have set me. Let us look back first then on the work of the past year, and on what we have been doing as a Church and what progress we have been making. Of course, fathers and brethren, I do not need to remind you how difficult it is to estimate spiritual results. We can never absolutely say how much good has been accomplished. God often blesses the Labors of His servants though they do not know it, and often again the fruit only comes after many days. And I believe we are in danger of under- stating rather than overstating results. The Lord does more and greater things for all of us than we think. Remembering then that much good work is being done in all our congre- gations which can never be tabulated or set forth in statistical papers let us judge so far as we can of the work of the past year. The various reports which will be laid before you will be found on the whole to be of the most encouraging kind. Without anti- cipating the brethren, let me call from them a few facts which will show the progress we are making. We have now 111 ministerial charges in the colony. During tho year, 12 settlements were made, and in addition to those, three have been settled since January 1. We have heard now and then about the large number of de- missions, yet while there were 19 settled last year, the number of charges rendered vacant bv death or demission was only 10— a clear gain of nine for the year, which is eminently satisfac- tory. Indeed, I do not know that any of the colonial churches can give as encouraging a re- port. Several of the new charges recently started have been attended with remarkable success, so as to rejoice us all. Among those I may be allowed to name Waverley, Leichhardt, Gulgong, Granville, Randwick, Manly, and there are others in the interior whose returns may not appear so well on paper, but who have done no less nobly when we remember the great depres- sion of trade in many parts of the colony. Not- withstanding such depression, the colony is grow- ing, on the whole at a marvllous rate, and it is highly gratifying to note that our great historic church is growing apace and producing in this new land, as she has done wherever she has taken root, a type of Christianity greatly needed in our day — intelligent, outspoken, manly and scriptural. Not only has the year been remarkable for the number of settlements but for amount of church and manse building. New churches have been opened at Mitta- gong, Burrowa, Ballina, Waverley, Leich- hardt, Granville, Moree, Silverton, Botany- road and other places. Important ad- ditions have been made to Chalmers Church and Paddington Church, Sydney; and magnificent churches are in course of erec- tion at Newtown and Ashfield. At Annandale, also, a fine schoolroom has already been built, and in the same district a splendid church is to be erected, both at the solo expense of Mrs. J. H. Baillie, in memory of her husband. For her many gifts to the Presbyterian Church Mrs. Baillie deserves the warmest thanks of this Assembly. The erection of such buildings in and around Sydney will help to remove a weakness and a reproach. Visitors to the metropolis from the old country or from Mel- bourne or Dunedin often wonder why so many of our church buildings are so poor and set down in such out-of-the-way places. We have suffered in the past as the Presbyterian Church in England did in former years from want of visibility, but it is to be hoped it will be less a hindrance in the future. That there has been less manse building than church building dur- ing the year is not to be wondered at. In the new charges churches are the first pressing necessities, and only after a while, if at all, is a manse built. There should be no exceptions to this rule, especially in the country where a good manse adds greatly to the comfort and power for usefulness of the minister. The briefest estimate of this work of the past year ought to contain some reference to the important services rendered by the evangelistic deputies appointed by last as sembly. The earnest labors of those brethren have been greatly blessed as the reports will show. Indeed, I believe that results of the most glorious kind which only eternity - can reveal have already followed their special efforts. Without depreciating the ordinary means of grace, experience has very fully shown the wisdom of these new arrangements. It is worth noting, too, how very naturally and easily all this evangelistic work has been done within the Church by our own ministers and in harmony with our Presbyterian system. There are many outside agencies— some ot them of an irresponsible kind, and some of them pre- senting characteristics of which this assembly could not approve. Yet our very indolence and formality may have made such ways of working appear to be necessary, and it is, therefore, specially unbecoming in the Church to criticise sharply and to find fault when good is being done and souls are being saved. For example, however much we may object to the methods of the Salvation Army, we must all rejoice in the work of God which they have undoubtedly done in many places. But there is much of this work which the Church can do and do more thoroughly if she set about it in an earnest, unconventional spirit. The plan of evangelistic deputies is a most lauda- ble move in this direction. Only let this plan be extended, and carefully and prayerfully directed. Let the most suitable men be chosen, and the whole church will be stirred, and many of those beyond the reach of our ordinary efforts will be brought to the Saviour. Depend upon it we may fully rely on his word, "And if I be lifted up from the earth will draw all men unto me." The im- portant movement towards a federal union of the Presbyterian churches of Australia and Tasmania began six or seven years ago, has made very considerable progress of late. A conference composed of representatives, from the various churches interested was held in Melbourne in the spring, at which the subject was very fully considered and discussed. The feeling of the brethren was unanimous and very heartily in favor of federation, and the first federal assembly of this united church will actually meet in Sydney in July next. Surely we may hope that this happy result of all the negotiations carried on so long and in so bro- therly a spirit will greatly tend to strengthen the cause of Presbyterianlsm in these new lands. In former years our colonial churches were weak through divisions and the large dis- from one to another. But these difficul- ties are being overcome. We have for many years now been a united church, and the long miles of separation are no barrier to union and cooperationas in the old days. Melbourne, Adelaide, Brisbane, Hobart are practically nearer to Sydney than Bourke was 20 years ago. The abundant facilities for rapid travel- ling are steadily breaking down misunderstand- ing and prejudice, and making of these Austra- lian colonies one great nation of the south. And in the same way the various churches of our denominations are becoming one great Presbyterian Church of Austra- lasia. Thus, this movement towards federation is not only likely to be followed by practical results of a most beneficial kind, but is in har- mony with the spirit of the times. It is very desirable, however, that our people should be thoroughly interested and in sympathy with this movement. I fancy there has been a ten- dency in the discussions hitherto (undesigned, no doubt) to talk of this question and to deal with it as if it were merely a minister's affair. Brethren, if this proposed union is to be a union in reality and not in name,— if it is to be a source of increased spiritual power and useful- ness, as we all hope, then our people should be informed of its progress, and really interested in its consummation. During the year the validity of our ecclesiastical orders has been largely discussed in the newspaper press. The discussion had its rise in a very small affair— the exchange of pulpits on a Sunday afternoon of one of our own clergymen with an Episco- palian minister. This very brotherly arrange- ment filled the minds of many of our high church friends with indignation and alarm. In excited letters our church was attacked and the validity of our orders denied — we were only a sect, an association of dissenters, our ministers only laymen, with no authority to preach the word or administer the sacraments, and so on. It was a surprise to some of us to note that many of these letters appeared to come from lay- men, and it was painful to discern the un- charitable, pharisaical spirit with which they were filled. In the discussion, however, our position as a true Church of Christ was well established, notably by the clear and vigorous letters of the minister of West Maitland. In the course of this controversy it struck many as somewhat remarkable that the one man who more than any other should havo spoken, was silent. Dr. Barry, the Bishop of Sydney, might by a few words have brought two great churches nearer each other and strengthened the cause of Christian unity, of which he has often so eloquently discussed. But these words were not spoken. In all this controversy, so far as I know, Dr. Barry has not written a single line. But this question is not to be shelved in such a way as that. It will be brought forward again and again uutil it be answered somehow. And if the Church of England in this colony, clinging to the figment of apostolical succession, persist in her policy of isolation and opposes everything like an ex- change of pulpits, then it may be our duty as a church to consider if we ought to cooperate with her in matters of small and indifferent moment. Then she need not wonder if she be left out by the other Protestant churches as individual ministers of the high church type are often left at the present time. But let us hope and pray for a better future than that. Let us all seek more of the Master's spirit, and it will be easier to acknowledge one another and to love one another for His sake. True and suggestive that thought of a godly Puritan when he spoke of Christ as a great centre, and His people all around ever drawing nearer to Him, and as they get nearer to him getting nearer to one another. While we are leal and true as Presbyterians, may we ever remember that we are called by a higher and a belter name — the name which is above every name. Before everything else, we are Christians. Far before the interests of the denomination come the interests of Christ. And so all Christians are our brethren by whatever name they may be called, and we are all one in Christ. Our relations with the other Protestant churches in the colony are of the most friendly kind. Many of ius have felt it a privilege to hold communion and to cooperate in the work of Christ with brethren of the Methodist, Congregational and Baptist Churches. May this fine catholic spirit prevail more and more, and at last overcome the narrow bigotry which has been asserting itself so noisily of late; and we shall see the truth as well as the beauty of the Christian song— We are not divided, All one body we; One in hope, in doctrine, One in charity. Fathers and brethren, the year, like every other, has brought its changes. Some of our comrades have fallen in the fight since our last muster, and their faces we shall see on earth no more— Dr. Beg, the scholarly minister of Chalmers' Church, Mr. Evans, of Moss Vale, a thoughtful and earnest preacher of the word, and the vener- able Mr. Milne, who so long occupied the dis- trict of Paddington. Some of our most useful and liberal laymen have also been called away John Marks and John Smith, not only men of large means, but also of Christian worth and animated by the spirit of liberality. Many of us also mourn the loss of Pro- fessor Smith, John Little and Lewis Moore, all of them long identified with our Church and deeply interested in its prosperity. Let us not doubt that the Master will fill the vacant places. He buries His workmen, but carries on His work. On the whole, then, looking back, have we not reason to thank God and take courage? While we cannot but feel that more might have been accomplished if we had been more earnest and more thoroughly consecrated to the service of Christ, yet it becomes us to glorify God that He has enabled us to do so much. It has been a year of peace and active effort and very considerable progress. We have not been oppressed by heresy or rent asunder by schism or strife of any kind, but we have gone steadily on with the great work to which God has called us in this new land. Indeed, may we not apply the descrip- tion of the Primitive Church with some degree of truth to our own. "Then had the churches rest and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied." About the future and the outlook ahead a few words must suffice. There remains yet very much to be done. It is the high and noble purpose of the Presbyterian Church of New Smith Wales to plant a church in every centre of population throughout this great and rapidly-growing colony. Wherever our people have scattered over the vast areas of this land we feel bound to follow them with the Gospel and the worship of their fathers. And fathers and brothers, as many of you know much of this work is difficult and discourag- ing in no ordinary degree, you could tell many a tale of hardship endured in the name of the Lord Jesus. You know what it is to struggle single-handed almost with the powers of unbelief and indifference, worldliness and sin; but to struggle thus is to fight the battle ot the Lord. This great conflict with the world, the devil and the flesh is the very conflict of a true Church of Christ. What a poor thing is denominational ambition, and many other secondary aims which sometimes influence us compared with this great aim! Remember then, that it is for this high and heavenly pur- pose that we seek to extend our organisations over the length and breadth of the land, that we may destroy the powers of evil, proclaim the truth of God and bring sinners to their Saviour. From many quarters of the colony, from crowded centres of population, from many townships in the interior and from the far-spreading bush come ap- peals for ordinances and the preaching of the Gospel. So fast is the colony growing that there appears no limit to the need for church extension. In order to go forward with this great, though arduous and trying work, two things at least are very plainly needed— 1\. More men. 2. More money. These are urgently needed to occupy the spheres that are opening up throughout the land. Where are they to be found? Many of them ought to be found In our own church, among the young men of our congregations. It is a sad and painful reflection that so few of our native youth give themselves to the work of God. They go forward in great numbers to the study of law and medicine, to the public service, to business. Many have distinguished themselves in sports and pastimes; but, alas ! how few seek to dis- tinguish themselves in the work of God. Why is it that so few of our colonial youth enter the ministry? I believe if the matter were looked into the fault will be found more ours than theirs. Other churches are not hindered as we are by this difficulty. Our Episcopalian, Wes- leyan and Congregational neighbors have more students than we have. There is a twofold reason — I do not say there are no others— which I maintain keeps many students back. The course of university study is too expensive, and the standard in some re- spects is too high. If the churches I have named were to adopt our regulations, the number of their students would speedily de- crease; but they have more sense. Too often, I am afraid, our common boast of having a highly educated and trained ministry has been made a delusion and a snare. What is educa- tion? What is training? May they not be got outside our University? May a man not have both without giving years to the dead lan- guages and the higher mathematics? By all means let those who have the will and the time and the money seek the very highest scholarship; but let us beware how we turn away young men from the ministry by our insistance on these things. Let us make it as easy and as cheap for a young man in this colony to be- come a minister as it is to become a doctor or a lawyer. There Is our Bible classes and Sabbath schools — let us encourage more than we have done hitherto godly and promising youths, and show them how it is possible for them to begin, and complete their studies for the ministry, and I am convinced we will get students in consider- able numbers. Our brethren in Victoria have set us a worthy example in this respect, which we would do well to follow. Any increase to the numbers of our ministry in this way, however desirable, can, of course, only be reached gradually, and after several years. But we need more men now, and we can only look to the home churches for additional laborers. I believe as the colonies become better known, and as the work of our church is brought under the notice of students and preachers in the United Kingdom, we will get a larger supply of ministers. Our great concern must be to get men of the right stamp— men of a missionary spirit, earnest, thoughtful and good preachers of the Gospel. For the Christian minister of this type there is a noble field for work in New South Wales, but it is the worst place in the world for the minister who has failed at home, or the minister whose first thought is his own comfort. and his first questions about the manse, and the stipend, and the kind of society and so forth. This sort of man will get on better at home and if he comes ought to provide himself with a return ticket. But of earnest, self- sacrificing Christ-loving men we cannot have too many in New South Wales. We need such men, and only men of this spirit can do the work and cope with the difficulties of our colony. And there can be no question that we need money. It is false sentimentalism which sometimes keeps us from speaking plainly on this subject. The work of the church, so great andi difficult and varied, cannot be carried on without money, and why should there be any difficulty in tel- ling our people this and showing them their duty in regard to it? Almost every scheme of the church is hampered through insufficient support. Our Sustentation Fund, our Church Extension Fund, our Church and Manse Loan. Fund especially are in this condition, and they are all essential to the prosperity and extension of the church. For some time leading brethren in the ministry and the laity, seeing this neces- sity, and also the necessity for advancing in this work have felt that some very special effort should be made to strengthen these funds. The present time has been chosen as suitable for in- augurating a scheme by which it is hoped the sum of £50,000 may be raised. It is now 21 years since the various branches of the Presbyterian Church in this colony were happily united. This year, so to speak, we come of age as a church, and ought to enter our greater work and responsibility. But coming of age usually brings a better financial position, and it would be very fitting at this time if as a church we inherit some of the wealth which is really our own, insomuch as it belongs to our own people. And when we think of God's goodness to us during these 21 years, of the difficulties through which He has safely led us and of the position of honor and usefulness in which He has placed us as a church in this great colony, such a sum is surely not too much to return to Him as a thank-offering. Or, to bring this matter home still more closely, it we all reflect on our heavenly Father's goodness and mercy towards us as individuals, when we think of all He has done for us and given us, we shall not grudge to give Him such a sum as that to help us to carry on the work in which we are so much interested. £50,000. Such a sum is not too much; no sum can be too much to offer to Him who gave Himself for us. It is not too much either when you think of the extent of our church and the wealth of many of our mem- bers in the city here and throughout the in- terior of the colony. It is not too much when we think of the work which remains to be done- and how our various schemes are suffering for want of better financial support. I trust this proposal so closely affecting the future ex- tension and usefulness of our church will meet with the hearty approval and support of this assembly and our- people generally. Let none hold back, saying it is only for rich men to give to such a fund as that. We need the help of all, rich and poor alike, and He will not despise the smallest, gifts given cheerfully as to Christ. Let all give as God has given us, and this noble pur- pose is accomplished. Well might I say here, as good John Milne, of Perth, used to say to his people, "I don't press you to give; I only say, 'Give your purse to the Lord Jesus, and let Him take out of it what he wants.' " Fathers and brethren, I thank you again for the great honor you have conferred upon me, and ask you to bear with my deficiencies. There is much business before us; let us give to all our close attention, and let all be done in the Spirit of Christ, our Great Master. Of course, dif- ferent views will be taken by brethren on various subjects, and they may express their views warmly; yet there need be none of that anger and bitterness which has sometimes sadly spoiled our discussions. May all that is said be said in a courteous, kindly spirit. While we speak the truth, may we not forget to speak it in love, and surely the smile of the Master will rest upon us. 