SAM STITCIILY AND THE GHOST.., SAM STITCHLY was a tailor neat, And hailed from 'yont the Tvxed, And Sam he was a poet sweet, And hemmed his lays indeed. And Sammy used to say, " You bet Some day I will be rich, Because I mean to get so yet By slitck-iag or Ai- stiich. " And though it's sew-seto now with me, I'll t(A)vead a wealthy way, And soon the fell-ows all shall see My Aabit-atioa gay. I'm not ashamed to use the goose, I'll make my pile and then be spruce, And take a nap I will. " But list, I'm not a billy-goat, For bntt(o)ing ne'er was made, I do not like, though cloth I eew't, This thimhle-rigging trade. It is the muses I adore, On them I really doat, The mighty poets, o'er and o'er, I fondly love to coat. " I claim a vested right in those, The Roman and the Greek, And I can read them to the clo(thc)n— Yes, read without a bre(t)ak. Their metaphors are Jitie drain), quite, I read them till I'm hoarse, And ravel with a wild delight The thread of their discourse. " Ah, well, this tailor bard one night Was working fast and hard, When, lo ! a something robed in white Came through the door mi- barrW. A tall and slim and shady thing, It stood before poor Sam, And then it asked, while wavering, " Come, tell me who I ham ?" Sam dropped the needle on his shirt, And gave a heavy pant, Then said, " Well, may I never, sire, I real, really can't.' " Well," said the other, "I'm a ghost, A real ghost you sec ;" " Indeed, sir," said the tailor most Polite and spiril-ly. " Pray, can I suit you with a suit, A sac (k) would match you best : My stock is small, but just look through %J I really wish you'd rest." " Your frame will suit me, tailor-bard," Replied the phantom guest; " I'll cotton to it tight and hard And then I'll take the rest." " Shade, shade that seams a shady go, I'in slopped, I really am ; But, ghost, ere I'm a (joest, oh ! I'll sing a psalm," said Sam. Sain knew what sweating meant, you bet, And sweating looked askance, Then said, " Eye'll hook it if I get Tlie ghost of half a cliance," Sam watched the phantom's icy nose, And felt its chilling breath ; And thought, " He knows his nose's blow. ; Are friezing me to death." 1 The phantom knew what Sammy thought. " I'll fell you down, you muff. You're in a pucka•—so you ouj- lit— You've fleeced mc long enough." So spoke the phantom to the bard, And then he said to Sam, " Before we leave for the churchyard I'll tell you who I am. Well list, oh ! listen to my tale, And tremble at my name, I Aam"—and here he grew more pale— " The ghost of Jerry's Fame. " Yes, look upon my face," said he; I represent a sage— Or ' rundown dingo'—but you sec I linger in the J J age." A thump upon the tailor's back, Another on his head, And ere a person could say "Jack" The ghost of Fame had fled. 'Twas Sammy's missus had awoke The tailor from his dream; For on the board he'd slept, the bloke, And puckered all the seam, " Hey ! What! Where ami!" Sam exclaimed In accents of contrition. " I'll wager cabbage, or be—blamed, I've seen some lorap/erition." 