OF YEOTHORPE .. CHAPTER XIII. Ad UNLUCKY ACCIDENT. QN the following evening, Colonel and Mrs. Olive were returning from some festive gathering in the neighbouring :town. They sat side by side in a light drag, drawn by a spirited mare. The lady was in high spirits; and the Colonel listened 'to her flow of ani muted conversation with all the more enjoyment, because it was on very rare occdsions indeed.that his wife thought it worth her while to be charming for his benefit alone. He was devotedly attached to her-was totally blind to her faults ' Do you know, Ernest,' Olivia was saying,;' I feel unaccountably happy to-nigh.' 'I am glad to hear it, my dear,' was i.her esponse. 'I wish it were in my power to make your life for ever happy -one uninterrupted dream of bliss. So you do not agiin begin to grow tired of your poor old husband, my love ?' ' Tired of you, Ernest ? That would "be wicked! You are my husband; nothing but, death could separate us !' And Olivia stifled the sigh that rose 'to her lips. ' By the bye,', she added; in order to change the subject,' ' I wonder if that Warren has been captured yet?' ' I shouild think not, my dear. He ^has the ,advantage of being well acquainted with the country about ?'*"hiere;. :Krampton has, been 'on horse , 11:baek 5 ; lday,' X am'.told,: searching ..''f:or'tie poor wretch:' 'What a shocking affair it is, to be sure ! Such a dreadful scandal! The Waters' are very nimuch to be pitied. Justgfancy that horrid Wigby person turning out to be a married womanI Oh, I'll tell you what we'll do, Ernest I Let'is-go round by the Grange-it is nearly as short as the other road-and hear all the news. from Mr. Krampton.' Of course the Colonel made no objection. The evening was now pretty far advanced, and it was growing rather dark, for the.moon was hiding behind some dense clouds. Colonel Olive knew every inch of the ground he had to travel; hlence he was enabled to go ahead at a 'riaker pace ,thtn he w.·uld otherwise have been able to~do. Theyo!;hdd approached within a hundred yards of the Abbey Grange, wvhen,. on too sharply turning an angle in the road, the inside wheel of the vehicle struck so violently against a projecting kerbsgne, that both horse and drag were turned clean over, coming to the ground with a tremendous clash. It all happened in the twinkling of an eye. The Colonel having occupied the drive?'s raised'seat, was flung into. the side of the road, where he lay in sensible; Mrs. Clive miraculously escaped un. harmed, ve for a few insignificant bruises. 'She, also, found herself sprawling upon the road, sorely be wildered, and hardly able to credit her esoape. The shafts of the trap were smashed in pieces, and the noble m.re was killed on the spot. Olivia called to her husband, but he answered her not. Fortunately the lodge-keqper of the :.Gmtnga had heard the crash ana' given the alarm. luDuit Krampton, with soverad of his serval,?s, was soon on the spot. They carried the still insensible Colonel into the house, and Mrs. Clive followed in silence. He was not dead, they said, when they had lain him on the dining room sofa, and stood around him anxiously awaiting the arrival of the doctor, for wlhom a mounted messenger had been despatehed. After awhile Rupert Krampton drew Olivia aside, and questioned her as to the manner of the accident. To do her justice, she was shocked at what had happened. But she made no fuss, was quiet and composed in manner. No tear dimmed the splendour of her eyes, nor did the carmine of her cheeks for a moment blanch. As nupert stood by her side at the window, somewhat removed from the sofa whereon lay the insensible form of thi good old Colonel, he regarded her with no little surprise and curiosity. He could not read her thoughts. Ex ultation, pity; remorse, fear-none of these betrayed themselves in her coun tanace. He was puzzled. Oiitside,: all was dark ind gloomy. The wind sighed mourfully thbrough the 'trees, and the lake sobbed and wailed iuceessantly like a creature in distress. Still Rupert and Olivia stood at the window, waiting for the doctor. Suddcnly a change c.me o'er the scene. The moon darted from behind a dense cloud, flooding the earth, with silvery light. The lake no longer frowned.in concealment, but like a love-lit coun tenance did it smile and glow. A terrified scream from Olivia Olive broke the stillness, as with one iShud dering hand she pointed out through the open window. Her face had grown doady pale, and her eyes seemed as though they were starting from their sockets Rupert Kramptn clutched the window sash with a grasp of iron, and there he stood--a horror-stricken, petrified man, tongue-tied, anablo to move a limb. The servants rushed to the windoW s; some, in their eageirness, flew' to the hall door. Then ecream afterscream rang through the old house. Out on the lawn, not twenty yards from the house, stood a female figure, draped in snowy white. The clear rays from the "moon fell fuil upon her sad, beautiful face; her head wvas bare, and thick masses of golden hair floated over her neck and shoulders. Her slight airy figure was bent slightly forward. ebe looked like some lovely vision in a dream. F or some moments Rupert K.ramp ton stood spellbound. Then his speech returned to him, and he cried out, 'It is Marion-Marion, my wife I' The figure on the lawn appeared to have heard him. She made a few steps forward, and held forth her arms with a gesture of the wildest entreaty. Then she drew them back and wrung them in the air, as if in despair; and the next moment she turned and walked, swiftly towards the ruined monastery, midway between which and the house she had been standing, ' Oh, sir-oh, sir, dcn't go after her I' cried the old housekeeper,1'as she saw her master stepping out on the lawn. ' Something will happen to you sir!' said another servant. 'He'll be carried away or be witched !' declared a third. Olivia Clive said nothing. Heedless of these remonstrances, Rupsrt quickly followed the retreating figurp. He distinctly saw her enter the precints of the ruins, and dis. appear from view. He followed and searched every nook and cranny, hut without avail; the mysterious, white robed lady was nowhere to be seen. CHAEPTER XIV. ROW IT ALL ENDED. MATTER-OF-o CTc and unsuperstitious as Rupert Krampton undoubtedly was, he could not be expected to disbelieve the evidence of his own eyes. Besides, had not everybody in the house witnessed what he had-the appari tion of his diseased wife ? There was no misfaking that graceful form, habited as it had last been seen in the flesh, amid the burning flames; .the pale, sad face, the golden hair, the light ,liding carriage--all were well remembered to have belonged to Marion Krampton. But the lady was dead; therefore this fair vision must have been her ghost-if not, what was it? Rupert returned to the house, his head bent, his brow contracted, as though in deep meditation. The doctor had arrived, and h'ad pronounced Colonel Clive to be in no immediate danger. A slight fracture of the skull was 'the only cause of anxiety. On no accountwas he ?to be moved from the Grange; and, under the. circumstances, it was imperative that his wife should remain to look after him. Olivia was not sorry for this. Dr. Kelps was au. elderly, clever looking man. He asked Rupert to give him an account of the so-called appaiition. lupirI complied. 'It is very mysterious I' declared the doctor; ' but of course,' he' added, 'you must all have been deceived. Optical delusions are of frequent occurrence. Your imaginations must have conjured up this ghost out of the not unphilosophic materials of a phos phorescent light, rising from the earth. Or may not somebody have played a practical joke ?' 'Impossible, doctor. The appari tion had the form and features of my late wife, and I saw it as distinctly as I now see you standing before me. The doctor had not seen th' vision, therefore he was sceptical. He was astonished, he told himself, to find educated people so absurdly super stitious. A few says passed away, and noth. ing more had been Loen or heard of the, White Lady. Colonel Clive w.as pro nounced out of danger, and he was shortly to be removed to his own home. Meanwhile, Rupert Krampton went about, the ghost of his former self. He had grown pale and thin, and the slightest unexpected noise startled him.. The ill.fated Marion was ever before his mind's eye. His lifo was a burden to him. He shuddered to recall the past. Bitterly, most bitterly, did he upbraid himself for that eon duct of his which had driven his gentle wife to distraction and an early grave. Olivia Clive watched him closely. She knew every change in his dark, handsome countenance. Never did she lose an opportunity of trying to win him from his solitary musings. The grey ruins adjacent to the Abbey Grange were shrouded in gloom. The owls had already deserted their ivy-olad retreats, and their shrill hoot now and then broke the stillness ocf night as they darted through the air in pursuitof thieirhelpleas prey. Shrouded by the deeper gloom cast by the crumbling walls in the interior of the ruins, an old woman kept her solitary watch ; and so silent was she, so motionlo-s her attitude, that it would have been difficult to distinguish her from the gaunt shadows that fell around her. Presently, aJight footfall was heard, and another dark figure timidly and hesitatiugly entered the ruins. . "' ' Nancy,' said the new comer, in *a half-whisper, ' are you here ?' A croeking voice made answer, ' Ay, by the will of fate !' Then old Nancy Blyght (for it was she) stood up, and. turned :a' broid flash of light from a dark lantern upon the form and features of the other peron, who was "no other than the tair Olivia Clive. They approached eouch other ; and Nancy having turned ioff the light, all was again dark and gloomy.. 'Oh, Nancy!' ..began the. lady, falteringly, 'it ih cruel of you to bring me here, when, as far as I could see, any-0other place would have done as we 1! . I am no coward, but--' 'No, my. lady,' interrupted the woman; ' you are no coward. But let us to business; time flies, • First, tell me if you repent of last night's determination to get rid of your hus band with my assistarce?' There was a moment's pause. Then, as with an effort, Olivia replied, "I repent of nothing. Life with him is a living death to me ! I have brought you fifty pounds; the rest you shall have in due time. Are you satisfied ?' Do you repent ?' ' I? Ha! ha! ha!'-' laughed the old crone. ' I don't even know the mean ing of the word. Does this look like repentance ?' And as she spoke, she passed the cold' steel of a dagger across Olivia's hand. The latter started, and shivered convulsively. , ' Oh ! no, no ! she said; 'not that, Is there no other way ?' ' Poison ?' suggested Nancy, coolly. 'It'Would be detected?' 'I know a herb that tells no tales that drinks the life blood to the very dree s!' ' You are quite sure?' Ah; certain.' 'Then be it so!' said Olivia, in a hard, bitter tone. ' I will leave it all in your hands. It must be done speedily; before Mir. .Krampton leaves.' 'I understand. Remember, my lady; this is the barglin: I am to get your husband out of the way, and you are to give me one hundred pounds for the job ?' The other made a low assent, adding, 'It would be useless for you to betray me, Nancy, for no one would believe your word against mine; so I have no hesitation ii, trusting you.' 'My task is finished,' said the old woman. 'Come forth, RupertKramp. ton, and behold your would-be bride!' And as she spoke, she turned back the slide of the lantern, and a broad stream of light flashed forth. To her utter surprise and conster nation, Olivia beheld Rupert Kramp ton standing almost at her very elbow. He had been concealed by a low wall, and had heard every word of their con versation. Mrs. Clive was completely taken back-not a wori had she to say. The young man himself was almost as astonished at what he had over heard. He had yielded to old Nancy's entreaty that he would pay the ruins a visit at that hour on thatnight, she having declared that something of a very strange nature would occur.. But a still more startling discovery yet awaited him. 'Mrs. Clive,' began Ruiner4, gravely, 'I think I owe you some apolhgy for miy presence:here. .I assure you, had I known--' 'That will do, Rupert. I Don't trouble yourself to make a speech' interrupted the lady, sulkily. I see I have been duped-and by a wretched old half.witted gipsy !' 'Can my ears have deceived me ?' went on Rupert, wonderingly. ' Qlivia Clive plotting against the life of her husband !' She faced him unflinchingly, an angry light in her eyes, as she passion ately returned. 'It well becomes, you Rupert Krampton, to upbraid me-you of all persons in the world-you, for whom I was willing to burden my soul with the blackest stain! Call me heartless, depraved, unnatural, if you will! It is only what I might have expected !' ' Would to God I had never seen you !' burst forth Rupert, with heart. felt fervour. ' It was you who came between me and my gentle wife, whose noble affection I, in my blindness, scorned, or thought I scorned, for I loved her then as I now revere her. memory, though your more brilliant ,beauty dazzeled and attracted me. I have no desire to defend myself. Heaven knows, I have suffered for my past misdeeds !' Olivia was about to answer, when old Nancy interposed, delivering the following announcement: -' 'upert Krampton, your wife still lives. She is listening to you at this very moment P There was a rustling sound behind them, and another figure was added to the group. With a faint scream Mirs. Clive sprang back, appalled; and even Rupert, strong man as he was, was obliged to lean against a wall for support. The new-comer, who was a woman, advanced slowly, and stood in the bright gleam from Nancy's lamp. She wore a thick shawl, and her head was concealed in a hood, from which, how ever, a few stray looks of golden hair had managed t' escape. Her face was pale, but touchingly beautiful; while her eyes, of heavenly blue, were bathed in a mist of tears. Her low, plaintiff voice, like the sweetest music, seemed to linger in the still night air, as she murmured, 'Rupert, my hus band, do not be alarmed. I am no spirit, but your own loving Marion her self. Sreak to me, Jiupert! Eee, I am flesh and blood !' And she held dute hdr 'fair' white arms. Rupert, like one in a dream, ad vancedr to the speaker's side, and took her hand in his. They were indeed flesh and blood. Mechanically h'e kissed her cheek. It was soft and warm. Yes, it' was Marion Krampton herself that stood before him. 'Speak again, [Marion,' he said, wonderingly. Bhe wound her arms round hIis nedk. ano smiled up at him with tlhe old smile he remembered so well. "What shall I say to you, Rupert ? That I have pined for you'ever since that night of the fire? It was wicked of me to pretend to be burnt, but I was very, very miserable !' Here she glanced round, evidently in search of Mrs. Clive; but that lady had taken flight. 'Can it be possible,' cried the still bewildered Rupert, ' that all this is not a dream ? They told me you were dead', Marion-that you were seen in the midst of the flames.' 'Yes, Rupnrt,' she resumed; 'I ap peared at my window for the furthorance of my wicked ends. Then I escaped by a secret passage through the thick wall of the eastern corridor, the existence of which pas sage Nancy Blyght had made me acquainted with.' 'A secret passago along the wall of the eastern corridor!' echoed Rupert. Yes,' put inNancy, who was still standing by; 'and that passage leads to this very spot where we are now standing, and was constructed by the monks in the troubled days of old. That is the outlet from the passage. And the'old woman pointed to the family vault of the Kramptons, close to where they were standing. 'That large tombstone in the right hand corner of the vault,' resumed Nancy, 'is simply a door moving upon wheels. A child might move it aside, if it knew the way.' 'As yet, I can ihrdly realize my happiness!' said Rupert. ' All this is so strange and unexpected And where have you been all this time, Marion ?-not in the vault ?' he added, with a shudder. ' No,' said Marion; and she actually laughed at the recollection. 'I was on a visit to Nancy.' Then Marion told Rupert how, on the previous night, Mrs. Olive had paid a visit to Nancy at her cottage. She (Marion) had overheard all that took place; and she it was who had arranged to-night's meeting and exposure. 'And Marion,' asked Rupert, 'what put it into your head to act the ghost the other night ?' She blushed, and hung her head. ' I knew who was in the house, Rupert, and I was jealous; so I thought I would give you a warning. Oh, believe me, I, kept a good watch over you' (And Nancy helped you ?' ' Yes; she has been very kind to me.' ' And well I ought,' put in the old woman herself; for I would have starved long ago but for you.' .But we must here leave Marion and . Rupert to their mutual confidences. [ On the following day, the body of Olivia Olive was found floating among the weeds at the side of the lake. This circumstance very naturally threw a deep gloom over the happi ness of the reunited husband and wife, who immediately started for the Continent, where they remained. till the events which we have been record ing had ceased to excite the wonder-: ment, and elicit the comments, comp.i mentary and otherwise, of their friends and neighbours. Good Colonel Olive recovered from his illness, but he never heard the story of his wife's faithlessness. Oscar Hamilton and Edith wore, of course, married; and as be and his father had become reconciled, there was nothing to mar their happiness. Old Nurse Mullens lived with them, and often did she remind them of their courtship in her humble cottage, Earl Warren was never seen or heard of after the night upon which he had been so effectually unmasked. We must not forget to 'add that Nancy Blyght lived to a good old age, and that her disposition and general manners very considerably improved as she advanced in life. THE END. 