THINGS A1\TD OTHERS. I Several carriers are now mustering their beasts of burden so as to begin operations on thc roads. In another column will be found a notice to creditors in the Commercial Bank liquidation, referring to the date up to which claims may be rendered to the official liquidators in Adelaide. We hear there is a probability of Mr. J. A. Macartney establishing a general store and hotel at the Victoria Uiver at no distant dale, the idea being suggested, no doubt, by tho rather constant overland communication between thc Northern Territory and Western Australia VIA the Victoria Uiver. The steamer Menmuir is due here from south about this day week, EN BOOTE to King Sound, W. A. A number of passen- gers and horses will be shipped from herc for tho Sound, but according to tho great interest being manifested in Western Australia by miners and others in North Queensland, wc calculate the accommo- dation for either men or horses wilt be limited by the lime thc vessel reaches here Mr. T. Watson, the newly-appointed general inspector of Mr. J. A Macartney's stations in Queensland and the Northern Territory, is now in Palmerston a wailing an opportunity to go round to the " Florida " station, Castlereagh Bay, where he will begin his tour of inspection. Mr. Macart- ney has largo herds of stock on the road from Queensland to his Victoria Eiver runs, which will all have the required number of stock on them \>y the time stipulated in thc lease. Mr. Daly is making considerable head- way with the contracts under lu's charge. As fast as the lighters can land the railway material, it is being run from tho now jetty to the stacking ground, where about 1G00 tons are arranged in apple-pie order. 120 tons have yet to come out of the Duke of Conuaught," which means three lighter loads ; and about 200 tons have already been taken from tho "Dochra." It is estimated that it will take 18 vessels lo convey the material necessary to complete Mr. Daly's contract. Tho next two, the " Samarcand " and " Coromandel," are ex- pected in together every day now. Tho earth excavation work is showing a very good face, all things considered. The E. & A. Co's, steamer Tannadice, which arrived hero from South on Sunday afternoon, brought as portion of her cargo a smelting furnace for tho Eveleen Silver Mine, near tho Union. Competent authorities alluded to the machinery as being extensive and excellently adapted for the work before it. Captain Good fellow is laking all necessary steps to ensure the plant being landed at its des- tination with the least possible delay. We hear that the s.s. Menmuir has among her cargo a 20-horse-power portable engine and other machinery for tho mine. Mr. Uhr has received orders to push on the work of forming a road to tho mine, brickmakers, masons, carpenters, &c;, are being engaged, J the Company has heaps of capital to expend, and tho password appears to be " progress." It is rumoured that the class of labour employed at tho mine will bo a mixture of whito and Chinese. Tho con- tract for carting the Company's loading to the mino from Southport during the ensuing season has been lot to P. Morck. M. C. Copinger, late counsel for the Daly River murderers, was on Wednesday remanded to Fannie Bay gaol for a fort- night for drunkenness, pending the issuing of an order by the Court prohibiting pub- licans and others supplying him with in toxicating liquor for a term. Ahem! Ye EDUCATED gods ! It will be seen from the following para- graph, taken from the ADELAIDE OKSEKVBK of April 10, that Mr. W. R. Cuthbert- son, who left the Territory a short timo back with the professed intention of making another of his grand tours round the world, has somewhat altered his plans-.-"Wc understand that Mr. W. R, Cuthbertson, I the well-known Northern Territory sur- veyor, who is now in Adelaide, has been negotiating with the High Commissioner of New Guinea in rcfereuco to surveys on that island, with the result that a condi- tional promise has been given that he shall be engaged in the work as soon a* thc details of the government are m >r¡ definitely settled." Mr. Cuthbertson lux proved by his work in thc Northern Terri- tory that he is possessed of all the requisite qualities that go' to tho making of a good pioneer surveyor, and for his sake wo hope the " details of New Guinea government will soon be cefinitcly settled," and Mr. W. R. C. appointed to the position of Government. Surveyor. When starting upon her trip from Sydney a fortnight ago, the s.s. Tannadice met with some very severe weather between Sydney and Brisbane. Leaving Port Jackson she encountered a southerly burster, and for 24 hours 01 so ber decks were under water from ste^ to stern through the sea rolling over her on both sides. Much of the loose deck " furniture" was smashed beyond redemption, and tho brass Uttings in many places on the lower decks will give visitors to thc vessel ample proof of the strength of the gale. At times one could have swam almost the entire length of the ship-a little fact which was practically illustrated at least once, when the chief engineer was carried off his legs and washed from one end of the vessel to the other without being able resist thc force of thc water. Fortunately, however, he suffered no further injury than a slight bruisiug. Passengers describe the gale as terrille. Tho remainder of the voyage up was monotonously calm. It will bc recollected that some three or four months ago the schooner Douro, Captain Sorensen, was seized by tho authorities at Cooktown for alleged piratical practises in the South Seas. The seizure was made on the strength of charges con- tained in a letter written by one or two of the crew who had succeeded in making their escapo from tho vessel. Captain Sorensen took a bold stand in thc matter, and immediately on hearing of the charges made saved a lot of trouble by sailing for Cooktown with the professed intention oi disproving them and punishing his tra- ducers. It now appears that he would have shown more wisdom if he had put his vessel on some other course, for Mr. Justice Mein, after a long and patient hearing, has just sentenced him to lifted] years' penal servitude-ten years for assault and robbery under arms on the higl] seas, and live years for assaulting Charles Leslie, one of the crew. Mr. E. B. Holt, tho defaulting Manager of thc Sydney Branch of the Bank of Nen Zealand, the news of whose arrest in Bris- bane a week or two ago was published ii our southern telegrams, effcetcd his escape from New South Wales in a rather nove manner. It appears that he travelled overland from Sydney to Brisbane dis guised as a priest, under tho name of thc Rev. Father Rea, and it. was thought h< had gono on to Cooktown in the steamship Dacca. However, it was subscqueutlj discovered that ho had taken passagi north in another vessel, and then doublée and returned to Brisbane by the stearne Keilawarra on the morning of April 5, sf il personating a priest, but under the chaugeii cognomen of the Rev. Father Payten Information had been received in Brisban that he was returning from his short ex cursion north, and le arning by some mean that he was watched, tho rev. fatiic donned another suit of clothes, with lix exception of the priestly covering for thi head, and on arrival put up at the Trans continental Hotel as Mr. Tinks. But thi wily little manouvre proved of no avail as Detectives Nethercote and Wyer inter viewed him shortly afterwards. Ho a first denied that ho was Holt, but subsc quently admitted his identity. Ou bein; searched two hundred sovereigns wer found in his possession, and a biü o exchange for £500. A popular cricketing and general sport ing veteran, who flourishes under a ver; unattractive surname, and who is constantl, perpetrating humorous jokes, caused ai avalanche of laughter on hoard thc laune' Zulieka during the return pnssago of on local cricketers. The wheel of thc vcss( is located amidships, and can bc discoi uected with the tiller so as lo be ineffeclua Our friend occupied the responsible pos of helmsman as the vessel was leaving th Southport wharf, with thc wheel in on hand and a pouderous sandwich in th other. Straight ahead in the steamer track was another craft, and thc laune was making for this as fast as her fu complement of "steam could take her, to th dismay of the amateur steersman. H jammed the wheel hard down with on hand, hut tho steamer kept heading for th lighter. Next he reluctantly parted wit his sandwich and strained at tho whei with both hands, but still the boat n mahned obstinate. Then, seeing nothir but a collision and big smash before hin he turned to his follow-passengora with face that would do more than justice the "man who saw a ghost" for the pu pose of informing them of tho coniii catastrophe, and was just in time to mc a terrific roar of laughter from tho atti part of tho boat, where all hands had bec let into the secret of the wheel being di connected. It is needless to say our frier joined in tho laugh as soon as tho jo! dawned on him ; but his interest in stee. ing steamers has waned considerably. The Northern Territory is mentioned in the list of places where it is intended to establish new Roinan Catholic Bishoprics. The following gold was received per fortnightly escort this morning :-Port Darwin, 165 ounces; Southport, 235 ounces ; total, 400 ounces. On Monday next, May 3rd, tenders for the Pine Creek railway will be opened in Adelaide, but we presume judgment will be reserved till Parliament meets early in .lune. On Tuesday, at the Police Court, a Chinese thief was found guilty on two separate charges of larceny and sent to gaol for twelve months -- two sentences of six months each. We hear tho liri tish-India Co. intend sending their steamer Khandalla round to Kin ,r Sound (calling at Port Darwin and Cambridge Cult) on the occasion of her next trip to Calcutta. She is to Ww Adelaide about the 10th May. We understand that news is to hand that one of the drivers on Fisher and Lyon's station on the Victoria River has been speared by the natives. No particulars concerning the outrage are as yet forthcoming. Tn another column will be seen an advertisement notifying the departure for Derby, King's Sound, during the carly part of next week, of Messrs. Wood and Ericson's pearling schooner, Annie. Wo believe the vessel has first class accommodation for some ten or mon' horses, and with the present south- easterly winds should make a quick passage down. It will be seen by reference to a tele- graphic item that the past week has wit no-, ed two railway calamities in South Ac-india, but fortunately for the cohwry oin- resulted without injury to passengers. Une train concerned was returning from an excursion, and we may presume it was loaded with excursionists. Now, if each of the.M.- had received a shock to the system worth a thousand sovs. in au Adelaide court, the colony would have tosend home the conditions of another loan so as to be able io -(j un re up with claimants. A night, or two ago a certain European undertook to break the bank at one of the fantan tables in China town by continually doubling on the one number. He had kept the fun up for a considerable time, until the banker dropped to his little game, when the lights were put out and silver on the table raked in by the banker, who beat a hasty retreat. The white man came out of the joke forty shillings poorer than when he started. Great progress is still being made with thc jet:y, which has now been extended oui a thousand feet, thus leaving only 120 feel fun her to go. This, together with the work ''f finishing off, is expected to occupy another hall'year, when Port Darwin will be able to boast of a jetty second to very few in Australia, in point of dimensions as well as substantiality. Several miners for thc Daly River arrived in the Tannadice from south on .Sunday, under engagement to the proprietors of the Daly River Copper Mine. Captain Dunstan, from Wallaroo, also arrived by the same boat to take tho place of Captain Wills as overseer at the claim. The syndicate have still room for a few dozen more miners on their vast property, upon which great developments will doubtless be made during the ensuing season. The South Australian Government have not yet succeeded in disposing of the steamship Palmerston. They made an attempt to do so in Sydney, but the price offered was so much below thc amount asked that negotiations collapsed. She was then taken on to Adelaide, and an effort made to dispose of her by tender. Only two tenders were received, however, and each for such a small sum that it was decided not to accept either. Accord- ing to latest files the Minister of Educa- tion is now considering an offer from a well-known southern shipping firm to charter the vessel for three years, with the rigid of purchase at the end of that period. The pearling schooner Hygeia, which left Port Darwin early on Monday morning last, with two luggers in com- pany, for King's Sound, caused a con- siderable amount of surprise and specu- lation by her unexpected return to this port on Wednesday evening last. As far as wc-, can gather we believe her re- appearance was owing to the fact that soon after leaving this port she en- countered some very rough weather, during which her attendant luggers parted company. Thinking they had probably put back here for shelter, the schooner returned in the hope of picking thuin up. In this she was disappointed, and sailed again for King's Sound on Thursday afternoon. Mr. E. O. Robinson's boat, the Tom, arrived in Port Darwin on Tuesday from Port Essington. They report that on tho voyage up they sighted a cutter rigged sailing boat close under the land at Melville Island. If this bo true, it was in all probability the boat belong- ing to the ship Duke of Connaught, in which two Northern Territorians wont pleasuring a week or two ago, and which has not since been heard of, al- though we can scarcely see what they would he doing clown there after thia interval of time, unless they have de- termined upon entering upon a Robin- son Cru.-iO" state of existence " far from the madding crowd,*' and chosen Mel- ville Island ns their head quarters. We understand there is no other bonton the coast of a similar rig and size to the one described as having been seen except the missing ship's boat. Beaders will find the various prizes to be given by the Goldfields "Racing Club inserted in the advertised programme this week. Added money to the extent of about £230 is to he run for, which is a Tast improvement on last year, and if the meet is not a successful one the want of funds cannot be held up as the cause. Our local club's operations, like those of many other institutions, are to all intents and purposes " pending thc railway." "Xo doubt the liberality of our country friends will be the means of placing a large num- ber of unknowns in the field this year, and it is but natural to anticipate something pretty sultry from the stables of thc jolly sportsman who so cleverly '-'scooped the pool " at the meetings of 1835 with the sturdy Hilltop. 1 At the Freethought Hall, Adelaide, on April i, a lecture was delivered by a Mr. I. Singer on the question of " The Premier's Reply to the Deputations from the Unemployed." In the course of his remarks he asserted that the Attorney-General had no policy, and had resorted to the alternative of grossly insulting those gentlemen heading the deputations. Class had not been set against class as the Premier had asserted, but the people were seeking to abolish class legislation and the spoliation of the masses. The past history of the colony was of a legalized system by which some people benefited hy the labour of others without giving any return. Surely if tho depression at present existing in South Australia was duo to natural causes tho way to remedy the evil must lie in everybody working harder and producing more, but the very fact that large numbers of people were walking about unable to get. anything to do was the strongest possible evidence that the depression was due originally to bad laws and not to natural causes. The man William Whitton, who brought, information into the Roper River a short time back in reference to an alleged fatal affray that had taken place at Mr. Davy's station on the Wilton River, has been arrested on suspicion of knowing something more about the matter than he at that time revealed. It will be remembered that he interviewed Constable Power, in charge of thc black trackers on the Roper, and stated that a man named Spelacy, a Chinese cook, a blackboy, and himself, were the only persons on the station ; that Spelacy for some time previous to the affray had been mad, and amused himself by wantonly shoot- ing horses and cattle ; that the fight between the Chinaman and Spelacy had occurred at the camp during the absence of the blackboy, and had resulted in the death of both parties and the slight wounding of the witness. But some doubt was thrown upon this story by the statement of the blackboy that Spelacy had never been mad. Constable Power proceeded to the scene of the tragedy and examined the bodies, but they were in such a decomposed state that very little fresh light was thrown upon the case. We understand that the whole of the circumstances were regarded as being so suspicious that the police were instructed to closely watch Whitton, and to arrest him if he attempted to leave the country ; and we believe it is because of such an attempt on his part that he has now been arrested, and not owing to the. production of any fresh evidence. 