spiritualism: self-exposed." The fourth lecturs' of the series, entitled " Spiritualism is opposed to all law—is des tructive of the distinction between right and wrong; and a3 a consequence is destructive of moral character and moral responsibility," was delivered by Mr. M. Wood Green on Thurs- ; day evening. The Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. W. Bundey) presided over a good audience. Mr. Gkekn, referring to recent letters in the press, said he considered the bright side of spiritualism was the communion with deceased friends, and to this subject he had referred in his first lecture, proving therein that it was an absolute impossibility to identify any par ticular spirit. Regarding the lecture of the evening he admitted the gravity of the charge he brought against spiritualism, but he left them to judge whether the quotations he had to bring before them did not bear out his asser tions. Hudson Tuttle, in the " Arcana of Spiri tualism," said, "Spiritualism canhaveno creed; every individual must be a law to himself." In "Flashes of Light," a spirit calling himself "Lorenzo Dow," said:—"I believe that the judge of every intelligent being is within themselves, and I believe they are accountable only to that judge." In answer to the question, "Is there any standard of right and wrong in the spirit-life?" a spirit, calling himself the Rev. Joseph Lowenthall, :said:—"No, none whatever, save those standards that are erected in every human soul. Each one has a standard for themselves, and no one can borrow of another." In "Holy Truth,"by Mr. Browne, a spirit said:—"Our conscience is the only judge, and to it alone are we responsible; that moment that conscience pronounces sentence, the moment of judgment is passed." In these quotations the statement was again boldly made that the only judge to whom man is responsible is himself; that there is no standard of right or law but that which man makes for himself; and that there is no day of judgment at which time man will need to give account of his deeds. On pages 181 and 182 of "Flashes of Light," the question was asked—"Is it ever right to exercise revenge ?" and the spirit of Theodora Parker answered—"Yes, it is right to those who exercise it, but to those who see the dark, deformed side of revenge, it is not right. It surely is not the better way. The soul that exercises revenge does so because it is ignorant of the better way always." Thus, revenge was right, if the one taking it think it right. Human ignorance, passion, or perversity was allowed to be its own law. In the Age of Freedom, a paper published by the spiritualists at Berlin Heights, Ohio, oc curred the following: — " What a horrible phantom, what^a soul-crushing superstition is this idea of an overruling, omnipresent, all powerful God. . , . Belief in a God is de grading, whatever the character ascribed to him. Where is your God ? I can stand up and look him in the face, and affirm that I have a right to ' life] and liberty and hap piness,' whether it is his pleasure that I shall enjoy them or not. It is perfectly plain, then, that his Godhead or mv manhood must suc cumb ! If I can beat him even at one point, he is no C!od. But, if I can make a case once, I can a thousand times, in the' case of every single l ight; and if I maintain my manhood in spite of Him, so may every other human being, and so the God is nowhere—utterly routed." A, J. Davis, in a work called "Truth versus Fiction," commented on the revolting murder of Dr. Parkman by Professor Webster, which was openly shielded on the ground that the murderer had acted in Harmony with the indwelling law of right, set up by and for himself, and that no other Eerson had a right to sit in judgment upon im. On the same principle every crime was justifiable.' (Hear, hear.) Spiritist teachings destroyed all distinction between right and wrong, virtue and vice, good and evil; in a word, they destroyed the word "sin," and all distinction between human actions, regarding the most infamous of actions as not deserving of blame, and the most worthy deeds as un deserving of praise. A. J. Davis, on pages 88,89, 91 of the "Phil, of Spirit. Intercourse," said— "Since it is incontestably demonstrated that there are no intrinsically evil or fiendish prin ciples,. passions, or impulses in man's interior nature, we are constrained to conclude that it is impossible that there should beevil spirits existing in any of the great regions of the spiritual universe, Thus, sentence might be added to sentence in amplifying the philosophy that all evil is but imperfection tending to its ultimate perfection." A. P. Coombes, a spiri tualist, in a tract entitled "Whatever is, is Right, Vindicated," said—"I will not contend about how Pope or anybody else viewed the axiom, or into what departments of God's universe they give it entrance; I believe that 'Whatever is, is Right,' in its fullest and broadest sense, covering every act in the past, present, or future." In the "Banner of Light," for November, 1861, the spirits were represented as saying:—"We say, as we have said a thousand times before, there is no such thing as sin, no such thing as evil. ... Now, then, if there is sin anywhere, God made that sin—he is the author of it. The foundation of your religion is fast fading away. Soon we shall find you shaking hands with these new things. This must be so. . . . Jesus of Nazareth, if he were here to day, would tell you as we tell you." Another said—"Spiritually and divinely considered there is no sin. Full well we know the book you call the Bible teaches of sin; full well we know the' whole Chiistian world recognises such a condition; but to us there is no sin." The following was taken from Dr. Carpenter's work on spiritual ism, pages S3, 35:—"At the Rhode Island State Spiritualists' Convention, heM at Pro vidence in 1866, Mr. Wheeler said—'Drun kenness is juBt as good a3 soberness; vice is just as good as virtue; the devil is the equal of God, and hell is just as sweet as heaven. (Sensation.) Hell itself, if you raise it high enough, becomes the golden floor of heaven. As spiritualists we have not acknowledged that there is such a thing as moral obligation.' At the same convention Mr. Perry said—' As a spiritualist I have yet to learn that we hold anything^as sacred.'" Another spiritist writer said (and let the advocates of social purity note this)—"I cannot think that liber tinism injures the immortal soul." (Oh.) That intercourse with spirits will injure, was clear from the character of the spirits given in preceding pages. In " The Spirits' Book," by Kardec, was the following:—" Spirits are in cessantly in relation with men. The good try to lead us into the right road . . . the bad ones tempt us to evil; it is a pleasure for them to see us fall, and to make us like themselves. Why do inferior spirits take pleasure in in ducing us to do wrong ? From jealousy. Not having earned a place among the good, their desire is to prevent, as far as in them lies, other spirits, as yet inexperienced, from attain ing to the happiness from which they are excluded. They desire to make others suffer what they suffer themselves." It might be that the. spirits of our departed friends were sent to us sometimes as spiritual ministers at the behest, of God, and in this respect there was a great truth underlying the doctrine of spirit intercourse, a truth which often gave him great joy, but it must be patent to all that a voluntary association with beings such as those described above, and the yielding oneself to their influence must destroy morality. That such was the result the following testimonies would amply prove. Hudson Tuttle, in the Ohio Spiritualist for August 15, 1868, said—" I sicken at the black list of abuses which have weighed to earth the divine philosophy. When an immortal agent steps into the domestic circle, bearing the upas branch of enmity between husband and wife, insincerity, instability, and social anarchy are at once inaugurated. A large class of spiritualists have allowed this to occur." Dr. Potter said—"I am told by prominent spiritualists that the ablest and most influen tial spiritualist in Boston has long been the worst" libertine in the whole city ; that the most prominent and influential spiritualist in New York has' been guilty of more cases of crim. con. than any other man in the United States; that I am told in Detroit they have organised and put the most licentious man in their ranks into office. In Chicago, I am told, the most wealthy and influential spiritualist has a wife, lives with a mistress, and patronises affinities. Of spiritual editors, no less than six are free-lovers. Spiritualists tell me that a large house is kept in Boston by a prominent spiritualist, often honored .with office, to accommodate affinity hunters. Mrs. Spence said in a public lecture in Worcester that spirits compelled her to leave a husband with whom she was very happy. She said that nearly all mediums had like commands from spirits. An enthusiastic spiritualist who had long boarded speakers that came to Boston told me that she never had a trance speaker in her house that she thought capable of taking care of herself." Dr. Randolph, who was for eight years a medium and a lecturer, gave his opinion of it in the following:—" I enter the arena as the champion of common sense, against what in my soul I believe to be the most tremendous enemy of God, morals, and religion that ever found foothold on the earth—the most seduc tive, hence the most dangerous, form of sensualism that ever cursed a nation, age, or people. I was a medium about eight years, during^ which time I made three thousand speeches, and travelled over several different countries, proclaiming the new goBpel. I now regret that so much excellent breath was wasted, and that my health of mind and body was well - nigh ruined. I have only begun to regain both since I totally abandoned it, and to-day had rather see the cholera in my houBe than be a spiritual medium. A, J. Davis and his clique of haimonialists say there are no evil spirits. I emphatically deny the statement. Five of my friends destroyed themselves, and I attempted it by direct spiritual influences. Every crime in the calendar has been committed by mortals moved by viewless beings. Adultery, fornication, suicides, desertions, unjust divorces, prostitution, abortion, insanity, are not evils, ! suppose, I charge all these to this scientific spiritualism. It has also broken up families, equahdered' fortunes, tempted and destroyed the weak. It has banished peace from happy families, separated- husbands and wives, and shattered the intellect of thousands." Pr. Potter said—" Hundreds of families have been broken up, and many affectionate wive3 deserted by' affinity-seeking' husbands. Many once devoted wives have heen seduced, and left their husbandB and tender helpless children to follow some 'higher attraction.' Many well-disposed but simple-minded girls have been deluded by ' affinity' notions, and led off by ' affinity hunters,' to be deserted in a few months with blasted reputations, or led to deeds still more dark and criminal to hide their shame." He would now depart for a moment from his habit of only quoting spiritualist writers, and give them some of Dr. Talmage's remarks on spiritualism in his sermon on "The Religion of Ghosts":— " I bring against this delusion a more fearful indictment: it ruins the soul immortal. First, it makes a man a quarter of an infidel; then it makes him half an infidel; then it makes him whole infidel. The whole system, as Iconceive it, is founded on the insufficiency of the word of God as a revelation. God says the Bible is enough for you to know about the future world. You say it is not enough, and there is where you and the Lord differ. You clear the table, yoit shove aside the Bible, you put your hand on the table and say' Now let spirits of the future world come and tell me something the Bible has not told me.' And although the Scriptures say, * Add thou not unto His words lest He reprove thee, and thou be found a liar,' you risk it, and say, 'Comeback, spirit of my departed father; come back, spirit of my departed mother, of my companions, of my little child, and tell me some things I don't know about you and about the unseen world.' If God is ever slapped square in the face it is when a spiritual medium puts down her hand on the table invoking spirits departed to make a revelation." It was in Melbourne that his attention was first directed to the evil effects of spiritualism, and it was there that he first opposed it in the person of Mr. Walker, who had since gone over to the mate lialist platform. Subsequently he spoke in Dunedin against spiritualism, and in the latter city he might say that since he opposed Mrs. Hardings-Britten and other spiritualists on the platform, the system had never raised its head or been able to make way to any extent. (Hear, hear). In conclusion he adjured them not to give up to the Bible for an association with demons, or to attempt penetrate beyon I those things which God has Been fit to reveal. (Cheers.) On questions being invited, Mr. Reimers ascended the platform, and excitedly asked whether the lecturer considered spiritualism was completely developed? Mr. Green" thought the leader of the spiritualist party in Adelaide should be the person best acquainted with the subject, and with the amount of pro gress it had made. (Laughter.) Mr. Reimers— Do professed Christians subscribe to the trash and theological stuff current among some of them ? Mr. Green said that leaving out one great body of Christians, and another which seemed to be more closely approaching the first every day, all Christians considered the Bible alone, without any accretions, to be the religion of Christ. The lecturer having, in answer to Dir. Reimers, stated that his actual acquain tance with seances was very small, the latter gentleman said that confirmed him in hi3 belief that Mr. Green knew nothing about spiritualism. (Laughter.) Mr. Reimer3, con tinuing, said the world was only standing on the threshold of spiritualism, and all canting and ranting on the subject seemed to him only ridiculous and amusing. Dark seances only formed a fragment of his investigations, which had been conducted in the daytime, and mostly in a dim light. (Laughter.) He then made a somewhat incoherent statement, in which he was understood to say that his gnidiDg spirit had commissioned him to bring people back to the church by teaching the existence of a great cause of all, and he had chivalrously undertaken the charge which she bad confided to him. He believed millions of people had been led back to the church— though perhaps not in its fulness—by means of spiritualism. Mr. Green did not deny that some people might have been led from darkness to light by spiritualism. He had been informed by a gentleman—2,nd he mentioned the subject "because he thought Mr. Reimers thoroughly worthy of respect—that Mr. Reimers had shown his disinterestedness by expending a fortune of £40,000 or £50,000— (Mr. Reimers—"Oh, no")—in the pursuit of spiritualistic phenomena, and he wished to give him credit for it. (Hear, hear.) Still he must say he thought Mr. Reimers gave them all evidence that he was following the spirits to his own sad hurt, and was chasing an ignis fatuus, which had led him at least to financial disaster. Mr. Reimers said it would be necessary to strike a cypher off the figures to make the statement correct, and the loss in question was not in any way connected with spiritualism. Mr. Green said he would like to reply to some questions asked him in a very in teresting letter signed " Justitia," appearing in that day's Express. The first question was whether ne could really say that he found nothing within the volume of the sacred book itself to perplex him 1 and his reply was that he found much to perplex him in it, but not with regard to anything appertaining to his welfare on earth. (Hear, hear.) He was then asked—If an intelligent child were to ask him, "Do you believe that God really did command the Jews to massacre at times not only the men but the women and little children and animals 1" would he answer ' yes ?'" He would answer " yes" in one case at least, and was prepared to vindicate that case by all our principles of justice. As to the denuncia tory passage in the psalm referred to, no doubt "Justitia" knew the explanation which might be given to it. David's dancing before the Lord was the overflow of his spirit towards God, and the Jews never danced with the other sex as we do. He appealed to the audience whether he had not substantiated all his statements made so far regarding spiritualism. (Applause.) The meetiug concluded with a vote of thanks to the mayor. 