NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Mr. Qaong Tart has joined the Benedicts, Customs collections at Brisbane for Auguet, £48,881. Queensland farmers are going to cultivate American seed maize, A number of spurious shillings are being circulated in Newcastle. A movement is on foot for the formation of Bulli into a municipality. A woman named Joyce was burned to deatb by a fire in Dunedin.last week. During the month of July 168,896 rabbits were killed in New South Wales. There ia plenty of room in Queensland for farm labourer?, but not for artisans. The total number of visitors to the Sydney Art Gallery last month was 17,302. A new mail coach servica has been commenced from Tenterfield to Cassino. The schooner Mooeeyan has left off mission work and gone in for dugong fishing. A barque left New Guinea last week with 192,000 feet of cedar for Melbourne. A little girl named Cook died at Newcastle from the effects of eating tinned salmou. The Fiery Cro9P, which arrived from 'Frisco on Sunday, brought 2091 tons of wheat. It is proposed, not only to amend, but to consolidate the present Civil Service Act. Mr. Justice Innes quite agreed with the verdict of acquittal in the Redfern poisoning case. The first section of the Homebush-Waratab Railway is to be opened on or about the 17th inst. Wanted, by New Zealand, the reduction of cable message rates with Australia to 6J. per word. It is stated that IbeHon. Jas. White intends to have a portion of his string trained at Caulfield. Sir J. Q. Innes is amused at the position of a judge's associate being regarded as a coveted sinecure. The number of failures in New South Wales during August were 121, with liabilities .£207,981. Sir John Robertson is to be banqeted at the Exhibition Building in Sydney on Saturday (to-morrow). The residents oi Bombala who want a railway propose to tickle Mr. Lyne's palate with the usual banquet. Mr. Dibbs'a proposal to make the law dealling with Civil servants clear, is a step in the right direction. The excess of human arrivals over departures at the Queensland ports during the year 1885 was 1567. Tbe commercial public of Sydner are sore touching the official interpretation of the new Stamp Duties Act. The result of last week's smelting at the Broken- hill proprietary, Silverton, was 42(287oz. of silver. A recent arrival in the colony, named J. T. Phillips, was found dead in his office, at 267 George- street, Sydney. At the Maitland Quarter Sessions, John FraBer was acquitted on a charge of stealing the racehorse Lorraine. The new Technical College at Goulburn was opened on let inst. by Mr. W. D-ivie?, J.P., and is a great success. No Ibbs than £38,500 was collected on behalf of the Congregations] Church Jubilee Fund of N.S.W. in three years. A conference will shortly be held in Sydney between the chief inspectors of stock in Victoria and New South Wales. It is reported that a man named M'Z£innon was shot dead at Daly River (Q) by one Heath, who has been arreatcd. It is not generally known that Consul Grifln, of Sydney, is uncle to the celebrated American actress, Miss Mary Anderson. Hailstone* as large as pullets* eggs fell at Raymond Terrace last week, and as large as pigeons' eggs at West Maitland. .A little hoy fell down a well at Inverell, a depth.of 56ft, with 2ft. bf water in it, and escaped with a few slight bruises. Mr. A. Town's horse Monm'outh, by Yatten- don, won the blue ribbon lor thoroughbreds at the Agricultural Society in Sydney. The proposed centennial census hae not proved a very happy idea. Victoria ribicules it, and Tasmania rejects it altogether. It is understood that the. Government will abandon the Income Tax Bill, and propose an increased duty of l&d.; per lh. on tea.- The drgiuremarkethat Sir Patrick Jennings's programme for the celebration of the centenary of |jie colony ia "certainly am bilious." •fte volunteer ball held the other day at Armidale was an unqualified success, nearly 3O0 tfdies aud gentlemen being present. IBM officially announced by th»» French Govedunent that in future all recidivisles will be ftedpio the Isle of Pine®, New Caledonia. "Since tbe inauguration of the parcels post, ..the number of parcels received io Sydney has been 126, and the number dispatched 294. Mr. C. J* H. Dickson cut his throat at the Imperial Hotel, Townsville, on Sunday. He had recently arrived from tbe Lynd River. Mr. J. P. Abbott believes that from ,£500,000 to £100,000,000 a year may be eaved by judicious retrenchment in the civil service. The Queensland vital statistics show tbe birth rate during 1885 to be 39 per 1000 of the population, and tbe death rate 19 per 1000. It is understood tbat the Orient steamship Potosi on her arrival in Sydney will proceed to Newcastle, and there load wool for London. The Queensland Treasurer's taxation resolu. tions were passed with an amendment exempting machinery from the increased ad valorem duty. During the jumping at tbe Agricultural Show in Sydney, a lady rider, Miss Geogeghan, had a nasty fall through her borae coming to grief. Twenty-five pounds were collected Carruigtorr HalJ, St. Leonards, last week, for the benefit of tbe Paymeut of Irish Members Fund. The proceeds of the Scientific aod Engineering Exhibition in Prince Alfred Park, Sydney, which closed on Saturday, have been about 41500. Carriage by team from Glen Innes to Emmaville, 35 miles, hae advanced to £2 10s. per ton, in consequence of tbe bad state of tbe roads. Tbe Highland Society of New South Wales celebrated their annual commemoration last week by a concert at tbe Protestant-hall, Syduey. Two men named Leslie and Smith, alleged to have stolen the race-mare Actress at Herberton (Queensland), were captured after a chase of 15U miles. The Bullionist states that it is able to put its linger on syndicates that would be " happy to purchase tbe entire Aasiralisn railway system at the sum which it now represents in the national debt." One of the reasons why so few holdings change hands in the Western district is tbat the general condition of affiira protects the individual si ttler. At the Water Police Court, Sydney, last week, Stephen Locke was committed for trial on a charge of stealing 100 clocks the property of Moses Mo?s and Co. Tbe land law* in Queensland are about to be amended. The principle of giving land to unassisted immigrants will probably be adopted by the Governmeut George Augustus Sala's lacast comparison : Sydney like Boston; Melbourne, Chicago Adelaide, fair Adelaide, resembles Baltimore ; and Brisbane, Charleston. News has been received at Brisbane that the French in the New Hebrides are putting up sheds for a batch of convicts now on'their way from France to Noumea. Dr. C. W. Lacey, of Kiama, was found dead on the road near Omega on Sunday afternoon. He is supposed to have fallen from his horse while in an apoplectic fit. The total ol £2,113,295 was realised by the four leading colonies from land sales during tbe year ending June 30, as against £2,485,015 for the preceding 12 months. The people of Armidale are considering seriously tbe question of inviting the Governor to visit the town, and have called a public meeting to consider the subject. A verdict of found drowned was returned at the inquest on the body of E. H. Waring, late fourth engineer in the e.s. Australasian, who was found in Sydney Harbor. In reply to a deputation of protectionists Sir Patrrck Jenniogs said the Government would not depart from its present financial policy, which was one of free trade. According to Mr. Pulsford, secrttary of the Freetrade Association, an error of £100,000 has l»een discovered in the returns of the value of boots and shoes imported in 1882. Tbe division in the Queensland Assembly »p_the separation question resulted in a decisive victory for the non-Separationista, the numbers being 49agasnsfc and 9 for. Mr. Edmund Barton, tbe Speaker, has consented to act as chairman of the conference between the shipowners and tbe Seamen's Uuion i the proposed reduction in wages. The second annual parade of Bullions at Lismore is fixed for September 15th. The Lismore A. L Society have spent nearly £700 in improving their new show-ground. _ Mr. Fotherngham, well koown in connection with the Ly-ee-moon dtsatt*r, is shortly to be married to Miss Pattie Lewis, sister-inlaw of Mr. W. H. Traill, late of the Bulletin. A motion affirming the desirability of placing the porta and harbors of the colony under the control and management of local boards was discussed in the Queensland Assembly on Friday. At a special committee meeting of the Hunter River A* and H. Association held at Maitland it was decided that the annual general meeting should be held on Monday, the 27ih September. August R. Johnason was sentenced to four years' penal servitude at the Criminal Court Sydney for being an accessory to bigamv marrying a woman knowing her husband to be alive. The most heavily taxed of the four leading Australian colonies last year, in proportion to the population, was Queensland, next New South Wales, next South Australia, Victoria coming last. Tbe police have very little to do in Maitland. At the West Maitland police court for three days in succession there were no cases to try, & fact which speaks highly for the morale of the town. The schooner R«nard, which arrived from tbe8olomon Islands on Sunday, reports that nothing had been heard of the schooner Young Dick, which is supposed to have been lost with all hands. To ere were over 300 children born in Sydney in July—146 males and 145 females. There were 147 more births than deaths. The mortality during the month was considerably below the average. At a meeting of members representing agricultural constituencies, held io Sydney, it was decided that the question of the proposed tax ou agricultural produce should be introduced on the first day of the next session of Parliament. A constable named Thomas Hackett died at the police barracks near Belmore Park, Sydney, on Saturday from tbe effects of injuries received through being thrown from his horse whilst going through bis drill the same morning. Mr. George Forbes, son of hie Honor Judge Forbes, has written a new comedy called 1 The Family Tree," which is about to be produced in Melbourne. " The Philanthropist," from Mr. Forbts's pen, has met with great sue- 3?. A man was arretted in Townsville (Q) ou suspicion of being tbe person who escaped from the penal establishment on St. Helena three years ago. The description of tbe man and certain peculiar marks upon him correspond with those of tbe e&capee.; A man named White, while apparently under tbe influence of drink, presented a loaded revolver at tbe head of Detective Birry Townsville (Q ). Tbe weapon was knocked out of White's haud. It was found to contain two charges. White was placed under arrest. Tbe report which emacated from Tamworth an ex-editor from tbat town baviug committed suicide in Newcastle has been proved to be without foundation. Mr. Connors, tbe gentleman referred to, is engaged on the reporting staff of a Newcastle newspaper, and is alive and well. meeting last week, under the presidency of Cardinal Moran, It was decided that the expenses of the appeal to the Privy Council by Mr. T. M. Slattery, M.P., against the line inflicted against him at tbe iostauce of tbe Petersham cemetery trustees, be defrayed by public subscription. The public is warned th.it there is in circulation a number of counterfeit coins representing one-shilling pieces. The coining has been very skilfully done, and were it not the marked difference in weight, it would in tbe course of business be impossible to detect the spurious from the genuine piece. At the Water Police Court, Sydney, on Friday, G. B. H. Drew, alias Arthur Adair, waa committed to prison to await his retdrn to Eogland on a charge of embezzling £320. His defalcations, it was stated, amount to over £4000. A detective has arrived from London to see him safely across the oceau. Dairying pursuits are taking a strong hold in the Lismore district, and large and increasing quantities of butter are being sent to Sydney. The carrying trade between Lismore and tbe metropolis is also brisk, five steamers being employed in tbe trade, their cargoes being principally sugar,'maize, and timber. Some time since, in view of tbe drought, the Rail wry Department made a concession of 25 per cent to paBtoralista removing their stock from places were feed was scarce. That concession is now, we are informed, about to be withdrawn, as the recent copious rains have rendered its continuance unnecessary. At an adjourned meeting of the E ist Maitland Borough Council, an offer ot Mr. Billyard to loan for the gasworks at East Maitland the sum of £5000 or £6000 on debentures, for ten years at ger cent., secured on the gasworks aud special and general rates, was considered. It was decided to accept the offer. Robertson and Sjn, of Dundee, proprietors of E^hertson's whisky, have lodged a claim for £500 damages against Perkins and Co., limited, wine and spirit meichauto, Brisbane, for using an imitation of tbe manufacturers' label. Messrs. Robertson also claim , an injunction to restrain Pet kins and Co. from using tbe label in question. An irrigation experiment on a large scale is about to be made at Carcoar. A lauded proprietor in the district is making preparations to irrigate 1000 acres of his estate, and the preliminary work is now being carried on under the supervision of a gentleman who, was sent to India to study the systems ot irrigation employed in that country. Duty was paid ou Saturday, in Sydney, on over 400,0001b. of tea, owing to a rumour tbat tbe duty »aa t> be increased by li 1. per lb., became tbe Government were obliged to find a substitute for the income ttx, which, it was stated, they bad decided to abandom! The Colonial Scretary declares tbat the rumour is totally unfounded. The Herald reports that:—" A remarkably well-imitated £5 Australian Joint Stock Bank note was passed at Spaiu's Barley Mow Hotel, Park- street, a few evenings ago. It was an almost eXitct copy of a genuine note, and it had been evidently drawn with a pen in different colored inks. It is now io the possession ot the 4 fficials at tbe Detective Office." A band of larrikins broke into a stable in Newcastle tbe other night, and maltreated two horses therein stalled, by applying light* io their tails and lego, and sticking a pocket knife in the shoulders of tbe poor beasts. It is said that the motive for this dastardly cruelty was " fun." The supposed perpetrators were seen loitering near the stable, bat no arrests have yet been made. An elderly man named-Archie S ten house was run over by tbe train near -Loggerheads Gates, about five miles from Dub bo, one night last week. His head-was nearly severed from hie body. It is stated tbat ho had been drinking heavily in Dabbo. It is presumed that he was going to bis home in Marrumbidgerie when he met with his death. He was -well known as a sleeper- cutter. In answer to a correspondent " Ignoramus," who inquires if the stormcock is an English or Australian bird, we quote as follows from Whites Natural History of Selborne:—" The people of HfemDahire and Sussex call the missel-bird the storm-cock, because it sings early in the spring in blowing, showery weather; its song often-commence with the year; with us it builds much in orchards." Mr. W. T. Coonan, member for Forbe?, addressed a large meeting there last week, tbe Mayor in tbe chair. The meeting was a thoroughly representative one. Alderman Thomas moved, and Mr, J. B. Rsvmond, J.P., seconded, a vote of confidence in Mr. Coonan, which was carried, only five hands being held up against it. Mr. Wilson, a former opponent of Mr, Coonan, supported the resolution. On let inst. in Barry's Hotel, Dubbo, a Farmers' Protection Union for the district was formed. Several members were enrolled. It was decided to send a circular to every farmer the district, urging the necessity for their joining the association. A general meeting will be held in Dubbo ou October 9. A delegate was appointed to represent tbe local uniou at the forthcoming conference to be held in Sydney on the 14th inst. We understand that great efforts have been put forth with the olject of procuring a mitigation of the sentence of 10 years' imprisonment recently passed by Judge Docker on the man Berner for embezzling railway moneys. The matter has not yet beeu dealt with, but various petitions have been sent in on bebalf of the prisoner. Tbe case has been referred to Judge Docker for his report, which is expected to be given in a few days. There is much difference of opinion about tbe spelling of the word " centenary," but little difference about tbe pronunciation, for hardly anyone pronounces it correctly. Everyone calls it centen-nary, with the accent on the "ten," whereas the accent is on the first syllable, the same as in "centipede" or "centralizing." And there is no double " n" in it, although there is in "centen-ni&l;," in which itbe accent falls on the second syllable. An old man named James Gouban, formerly a servant of the late Dean McCarthy, was found dead last week on the Blayoey and Carcoar road. He had on his person a bank deposit for ,£100, and at tbe time of his death he was on his way to BatharsS to spend the remainder of his days with a friend there. An inqueat was held on the body, and a verdict was returned to the effect that death resulted from natural causes. It is rumored tbat Mr. Targett intends to resign big seat for Hartley, and take a billet. In consequence of tbis rumor there are a number of aspirants for tbe seat. Among those that are spoken of as sure to come to the poll are—Messrs. John Hurley, ex-M.L.A., C. J. Passmore. and Brisbane Doyle. Messrs. Hurley and Dayle are tbe only two that have announced themselves as being willing to contest the electorate. Io the Queensland L°gialative Assembly, on Friday, a member atatecTthat the gaols of the colony were overcrowded, and also accused the gaolers of being in the habit of levying blackmail upon the friends of prisoners. He moved that « Royal Commission be appointed to thoroughly investigate these matters. Tbe Government promised that inquiry should be made, and a report submitted to Parliament next session, but deemed a Royal Commission undesirable. Tbe coal proprietors at Wollongong have formed a defence association, end tbe new body at cnce sent out a circular notifying the intention of reducing the rate of wages all round. Appearances point to a general strike, but the hope is expressed that arbitration will settle matters. " Blackleg*" continue to arrive, though some retreated when they heard the uuion men were on strike. There is no sign of a settlement at the collierieB where the men ere on strike. A narrow escape from being swept away by river is reported, from Qlen Creek. It ap- pears that one of the Tent Hill teams wete taking the lower crossing ot the creek while going for Webb's tin. Tbe current took the horses and dray and carried them down the creek, washing tbe leaders against some oak trees, where they took footing and pulled the rent out. If they had been carried past the tree*, in all probability they would have been drowned. The driver had to strip and swim across. Several lots of land blocks, containing 1000 acres and upwards, situated near Old Junee, were submitted to auction on 3rd imt. by Mr. A. T. Bolton on behalf of the executors of the late J. J. Donnelly. Tbe first lot, of 1590 acres was sold at 44». per acre. Tbe tight remaining lots put up were pasped in. Tbe total amount submitted was 17,329 acres. A farm containing about 300 acres at North Wagga, including a house was sold for .£900. A bouse in Gurwood-street,named<( Chillingly,''fetched £1250. Other town properties were put up and withdrawn. At tbe sittings of tbe Centra! Criminal Court, held in Darlinghuret, before Mr. Justice Inner, a juror narrowly escaped punishment fiom an offence deemed to be contempt The associate having called out the juror's name, he was told that be mispronounced it. His Honor observed that that was of little moment., when the erring jnror at the top of his voice replied, "Yes, it do." His Honor then ordered him to the bar of the court and named him. THe delinquent apologised to the court, and was allowed to tike his seat on the jury. The permanent survey of the Glen Innes railway line has been completed. Mr. Surveyor Cummings, who was engaged on the work, has received instructionB^Jb take up a portion of the surveyed Glen Innea line and connect the same with the Grafton-Tweed line in the vicinity of Copmaohurst. The difficulties of bridging the Clarence will be thus rendered less expensive, and there will be an immense saving ia the Jaying of the permanent way. By this route, also, the bridgiug ot the Orara will be avoided. The following is the report of the Rabbit Branch of the Mines Department for the period comprised between July 1 and July 31 last:—Thirty-eight inspectors have reported that they have travelled a distance bf 15,631 miles, and lound that 3,693,955 acres were infested. On 254 runs rabbits are decreasing, ou 172 they are stationary, and on 82 increasing. On the infested runs 1439 men are employed rabbitting, and they deem 1521 required. The number of rabbitB reported lo have been killed during the month is 168,896. Mr. J. H. P. Murray, son of the late Sir Terence A. Murray, whose successful career both at tbe Sydney Grammar School apd at Magdalen College, Oxford, we have previously noticed, returns to Sydney by the Chimboraza to practice his profession as a barrister, he having been called to the bar of the Inner Temple in May last. To tbe athletes of.the colony tbe return of Mr. Murray will be a mattej of interest, as be is the holder ot the Queensberry Cup, is a foremoBt member of the Hatlfquin Football Club, and has the distinguished honor of being a " dark blue." With a view of running a fortnightly service between Marseilles aod the Australian colonies, the directors of theCompagnie dea Messageries Maritime^ a short time ago decided to build five large steamers at their famous shipbuilding yard at Liciota. The first of the new fleet has been launched, and christened the Portugal. From advices received by the principal agent, the Portugal is a marked improvement on those at present engaged ia tbe Australian trade. She is longer than the Caledonien, and will have a gross measurement of something like 6000 tons. Her carrying capacity will be enormous. Shortly after noon on Saturday a man named Andrew Brennan, collector for a sewing machine company, reported to the ^Redfern police that be had lound a woman named Mrs. Mary Campion lying dead in her residence, 16, Webb-street, 'Waterloo. It appears that the woman had been living separate from her husband, who is supposed to lein Sydney, and that she recently baa been earning a livelihood as a tailoress. Breooao, itseemff, had called to collect the payment for a sewing machine let out to her on hire, when he found tbe remains in a state oi decomposition. Deceased had not been seen siDce last Friday week. It is reported from TVmora that a night watchman named John Newman committed suicide there. He had been drinking for some days, and his only son lately met with an ac- cident by which his leg was broken, which circumstance is alleged to have affected the father 1 * mind. About half-past 3 o'clock in the moraine, the unfortunate man went to Lincoln's Cordial Factory, and there took some sulphuric acid. An icquest was held. Dr. Crawford deposed that death was caused by suffocation, owing to tbe closing of tbe glottis. A verdict was returned ia accordance with the medical testimony. A groat number of prisoners have just been sent from Darlinghurst Gaol to the country. Twenty-three were sent to Goulburn Gaol, where the system in force is similar to that carried out in Berrima. Among them were— George Berner, who was sentenced to 10 years' penal servitude for having embezzled certain sums of money belonging to the Railway Department ; and Phillip Galloway B)oty, who WAS sentenced to five years* penai servitude for having appropriated to his own use the sum oi J£U5, which was entrusted him to pay into the Government Works Department for the erection of a railway eidiug at Capertee. An alarming shock of earthquake occurred at Young last week, travelliug from west to east. The shock was the most severe on Gamp Hill. The governor of the gaol was awakened by the report, and rushed into the prison yard, ••hinking tbe wall bai fallen. The warder on guard was in great alarm, and says he distinctly heard tbe western wall vibrate. Travelling through the town, nearly every resident was awakened by the report, which caased windows to rattle most unmistakably. A storekeeper found several tins of preserves thrown from the shelves on to tbe floor. For some seconds after the shock rumbling wae very audible. The sky was bright and no appearance of thunder. A shocking occurrence took place in Carcoar, A little boy, aged 12 yearc, named Scott, was going to put a dog out of the bous?, when the animal turned upon him, and tore hip leg fearfully, separating the flesh from the bone. Mias Scott ran to her brother's assistance, when the dog flew at her throat. She, however, succeeded ia keeping the dog from her throat, but received severe injuries to her arm. The dog again attacked ihe boy, and ture him in a dreadful manner before help arrived. Young Scott is now in a very critical condition. The dog is a massive Newfoundland. Hitherto it has been perfectly quiet and gentle. Attempts were made to shoot the dog, but they were unsuccessful. A somewhat interesting elopement took place from Warangesda a few days since, tbe heroines being two girle, who laugbed at missions and set tbe laws oJ quarantine at naught. When their departure was made known a zealous officer of tbe station went in pursuit, a*»d overtook the fugitives upon the road to Tubbo, whither it was supposed they had been attracted by the shearing. As habeas corpus has been suspended within the charmed circle of Warangesda iufluence, tbe damsels were captured and kept iu custody until their captor went t:> hail a passing buggy (belonging to the " Mission"), by which he thought to obtain a simpler mode of transit for his interesting convoy. The maidens seized the welcome opportunity, and " bolted" lor Darlington Point, where it is related they indulged in a royal spree. At tbe diuner ot Mr. F. W. Chesson by the members of tbe National Liberal Club, Mr. Stanley is reported by a London paper to have said : "Now that London is crowded with thousands of * Colonial?,' my thought goes back to the spectacle of a few hundreds ol people, poor, anxious, often even to despondency, apparently useless members of society, with nothing except a spark of faith left, crowded between the decks of emigrant ships. Then I see their little white tents spring up in unknown and lonely parts of the world; these gradually give way to log huts, then come tbe frame houses, and at last the towns which we call Melbourne, Adelaide,'Wellington, Cape Town, Toronto, Winnipeg. So now, when I want illustrations of greater than Roman ' manhood/1 turn towards theEaglish colonies." The Education Department have published statistics respecting the cost of the educational system of the colony. The figures for tbe past three years are as follows1883 : School?, 1706; teachers, 2980 ; pupils, 155,918 ; total expenditure, £821,852 16*. 3d.; less school fees, £51,424 7s. lOd. ; net expenditure, £770,425 8s. 5d. 1884: Schools, 1912; teachers, 3175; pupils, 167,134 j total expenditure, £774,357 0*. 6d.; lesB school fees, £56,766 13i. Id. ; net expenditure, £717,590 12*. lid. 1885 : Schools, 2046 ; teachers, 3502 ; pupils, 180,929 ; total expenditure, £663,696 Us. 93.; less school fees, £58,925 17s. lid.; net expenditure, £604,770 18s. 31. The Department is pursuing a policy of strict retrenchment with regard not alone to the erection of buildings and repairs, but in every other particular. An Adelong letter says :—" Two of Dr. Lyttleton's children had an exceedingly narrow escape from death on Saturday afternoon. Whilst playing on the bank of the creek at the rear of the doctor's residence one of tbe children, a little girl about four years old, slipped into a deep hole which some miners had recently excavated whilst searching for gold, and the water in which was about 8lt. deep. Her brother, who is only about six years old, at once jumped in and tried to save her, but both children would have been drowned bad the doctor's attention not been attracted by tbe cries of a third child ; as it was, he hai just time to plange in and save them. He was almost too late, as the little boy was just sinking when he was rescued, and it was some time before be eonld be restored to consciousness by the application of the usual remedies.*' Gun explosions are very frequently the cause of death, but we learn from our Vegetable Creek contemporary of a gun explosion having saved a whole family from a dreadful death. List Saturday night a fettler named Pinto and his family, residing near Deepwater, retired to p>st as usual in a temporary domicile of bark. The fire had been swept np with a millet broom, in which some sparks remained unobserved. These soon developed into flame?, which ran rapidly up the end of the hut, against which tbe broom had been placed, and in a minute or two later tbe whole of tbe but and its inmates would have been enveloped in fire but for the explosion of a loaded gun banging from the roof-tree, which went off as soon as the fUiues reached it. Tbe report awoke the fettler and his wife, who bad just time to snatch their children and escape from a fearful death. Oo Tuesday, Parliament was exactly 12 months in session trying to do the business which should have been done iu 1885 ; for the Estimates and tbe Appropriation Act which have yet to be passed before tbe present cession can be closed, should have been passed last year to cover the public expenditure. This present session will on the 17ih instant have extended over 10 montbf. The session preceding commenced oo September 8 last year, and although between that date and the time at which the present session commenced, there were three changes in the Ministry and a dissolution, tbe business which ought to have been done in tbe September session was not transacted, and therrfore the House has virtually been in session a year. During the year 71 publicand 49 private bills have been introduced, of which only 17 public and 31 private bills have passed. A rather amusing instance of the innocence and simplicity of that" Heathen Chinee" has cooie to light.' He was (says the Times) engaged hy a prominent member of the Deniliquin Municipal Council to do some work in a garden. John bsd a garden of his own in town, arid is'considered an experienced hand at the work. He did the work for tbe alderman, and took two days in doing what should have been completed in one. Then he called for his money, and requested 10s. for the two days' work. He was told the charge was excessive, but be rose to the occasion and intimated that "Me usee lottee watee in garden. You charges me loltee money for it, and me chargee you lottee money for work. Savey !" The aldermanic mind took in the situation, paid the money, and John went off feeling like a Mandarin, and rtjoicing that he had " done" the barbarian. An article in the S. M. Herald under the beading of "TheJ/quor Traffic" deals with the question as it effects Queensland. Some rather startling figures are given regarding tbe enormous consumption of intoxicating liquors in that colony. Estimating the population at 318,000, the following results are brought out:—For each man, woman, and child in the colony, 2*82 gallons imported and 6'28 gallons colonial l>eer; one g-illou of brandy for each 2*06 of the population ; one gallon of rum for each 2'46; one gallon of whisky for each 164 ; one gallon of geneva for inch 4*40 ; one gallon of old torn for each 47 62; one gallon of cordials for each 93 28; one gallon of imported wine for each 3*35 ; and about tbe same proportion of colonal wine. The little "liquor bill" amounts to no less than £1,750,000, or an average of £5 10s. per head of population ! Mr. H. O. Taylor, the officer in charge of the Babbit Branch, Department of Mines, left Sydney at the beginningof the week for Bourke, trom which place he will travel to a point on the Queensland border near Barrigun, for the purpose of ascertaining tbe best route and preparing specifications for an extension of tbe rabbit-proof fence about to be erected between Narramine and Bourke, and obtaining, where necessary, tbe consent ot the owners of pastoral runs to tbe wire-netting being attached totbeir boundary fences. It will be necessary to erect about 100 miles of rabbit-proof fence between Bourke and tbe border, and at the border it wilt connect with 260 miles of similar fencing which is being erected l>y the Queensland Government. The work of erecting tbe fence between Narramine and Bourke will, we are informed, be commcnced this week from tbe Bourke end. Those who believe, and perhaps very properly so, in the value cf the newspaper as a popular educator, will regret to learn that a most valuable auxiliary in this distinction has met with a premature end. The Norfolk Island Pioneer has given up the ghost. And the odd part of the business, and perhaps tbe saddest, is that it did not succumb from lack of support from the inhabitants, but from a cause never before heard of in tbe obituary notices of pnblic journals. A short m'emo. from the Norfolk Ula&d; correspondent of the Brisbane Courier thus details the melancholy news: "Our little paper went dead a few months ago. We had only one compo. From no fault of ours he refused to print it; consequently, we were up a tree, and could not even publish our obituary notice. Otherwise the little rag was paying. Two meetings were held last week to treat with tbe printer, and there are hopes that the Pioneer will next month be resuscitated. At the police court, Bathurst, on Friday, it was clearly proved that a man named Davis was the victim of mistaken identity on a charge of damaging a Chinaman's property. The Celestial swore that defendant was the man who injured bis property, having broken down the door of his house with an axe. The case seemed clear against tbe man until tbe evidence of a constable, ol defendant himself, and of a third witness, was beard. The conetable swore that when he went to the house one of two women there said she did not know who broke the door. Defendant swore positively he was never near the house, and other wit leases saw tbe door smashed by a man whose name is not known, and they swore defendant was not at tbe place when it wte done. It was apparent that the identity of tbe offender bad been mistaken, and the charge was at once dismissed. The Chinaman keeps a house which is frequented by bad cbaiacters, with the result that rows frequently occur. At a special meeting of the Artnidale Town Council it was decided by seven votes to one to let the town-bull to Miss Elith O'Gorman, tbe "escaped nun." A letter was read from the K-v. Dean O'Connor, protesting in vigorous language against the lecturees being allowed to deliver her leciuresin tbe hall. Tbe Dean went so far an to state that he.would not be responsible for a breach of the peace if the ball were given to Mrs. O'Gorman. Alderman John Trim also protested against it being graoted, stating tbit the woman came only to sow tbe seeds of. dissension. He moved that tbe use of the ball be not allowed ; but the motion was not seconded. Mr. John Moore, of Armidale, received an anonymous letter threatening tbe destruction of the hall with dynamite, should the use ot it be granted to Miss O'Gorman for her lecture. The matter has been put in the hands of the police. Few, if any, believe the affair to be anything more than a hoax, or an advertisement for Mis? O'Gorman. Mr. Thomas Walker, of Concord, died on the 2nd inst., aged 82. The deceastd arrived in the colony 60 years aeo, made a large fortune, retired from business, and devoted bis time very largely to works of charity. He employed an agent to Peek out deserving cases and relieve distress. He was very liberal in his donations to the charitable institutions and the Sydney IToiversitv. About fouryears ag.>, ou bis departure for England, he It ft £10,000 for distribution amongst the charities of Sydney. He was for many years a director of the Australian Steam Navigation Company, and he was one of the founders of the Bank of New South Wales. He was president of the board of directors of the bank at the time of his death, and for many years previously. He was a man of high intelligence, but he abstained from taking any part in public affairs, although he contributed largely to the discussions on the land laws through tbe press. His relatives in the colony are a daughter and a sister. Mr. Walker leaves a fortune of over £2,000,000. Under the amended Stamp and Probate Duties Act, which was only passed into law a few days ago, this estate will contribute £80,000 to the revenue of the country. A gentleman who has just returned to Sydney from Western Australia gives gome particulars in connection with ihe recent discovery of a dead body on the track to the Kimberley goldfield. It appears that on July 10th two diggers, named Alfred Betts and Henry Morton, while en route to the front from Wyndham, came across the body of a man, which was lying, in a state of partial decomposition, on the track, about 60 miles from Wyndham and eight from the Denham River. The deceased was an elderly man, and, rather strange to say, wore a long swallow-tailed coat. From papers found in his pockets it appeared that his name was Graham, and that formerly he had been the proprietor of the Golden Age Hotel, Sandhurst. No horse or saddle was visible, but by the side of the body was a swag. This, together with his papers, and a sum of money which was found on him, was buried with the corpse in a grave which Betts and Morton dug near at hand. A mark was set up indicating who tbe deceased wae, and it seemed to be evident that he had succumbed to exhaustion. It is understood .that he left a daughter residing in Sydney, but her residence cannot be found. At the Bourke Police Court on the 2od inst., J. L. Parsons appeared in answer to a charge of having been found drunk. Dr. Sides (says the Central AustralianJ and defendant gave evidence. It appeared that Mr. Parsons bad taken some large doses of morphia during the previous day to alleviate a severe attack of neuralgia, and, while under the influence of the drug, walked into the billabong in the middle of the night. From this extraordinary position he was rescued by the efforts of the local poiice force, assisted by several amateur lifepreservers. As we have already pointed out, Bourke possesses police of a high order o£ intelligence, so a charge of "drunk" was entered. The case was dismissed, but we mention it for obvious reasons, although it is unusual to note disgraces. In the first place we are the accused, and if we omitted to publish the interesting fact, capital might be made of it. In the second place tbe presiding magistrate attempted to make as much of the matter as be could; in fact he has the weakness of taking down depositions as he fancies the witnesses should give their evidence, preferentially to that which they actually do give. For instance, the constable when giving evidence said, "Defendant was dazed and stupid ; he appear:d to be drunk." This Mr. Mr. Brown entered down as "he was drunk." Again, in giving our own evidence we stated as deliberately as possiole "my name is so and so, I am a journalist." Mr. Brown" entered this, " I am editor of ihe Central Australasian " —a statement we never made. 