RMYSTERY or MOOR FAR? or IiENRY FRITII. * &mon; oW igieI .tor If/e,"'7AIAesgA Flood throug £Fire,' 0te Wia sp'inge ofth 'inas t., lrlc : , - ·i.. · tr o or ' . . ..;· · CIIAPTIII XXIX. · tOZW, DaPAnruns. . Ioe rlates the Cslamp, the Cort, the GrOae." Stri-o rached Moltou~mne in safety, Augusit , Shelton, without in any way commu scating with, Shis agent? for fear of tengd7ctainedl and d ecovcred by the munrs, haastened aboard- a vessal bound for . England. There were few passenlgers, and An?u ,tua ad no di~ficult in securing good acomxmodatson. * The few months he had pased in tho colony had greatly changed him. lie was etonter, bronmer, nd more heasded. lie looked like areal colonist returning to his native land; and no onel on board toubled thomsel.es about Mr. Randlo, for .?so hua-tu still called himraelL . There were not many parwsengers, blt :Skelton " managed to pick up an nequaintane with a man who had lately married, and was with his wifeo and a daughter rurnig to Eng!and afte mnmy myeara' absence. Theladleadidnotat first appear, for the eta was somewhat rough and theo wid bdolsteres; but Mr. Addleston and Skelton (or tundle),'who was a good-looking young man enough, got into conversation as people, particularly on beoard shipi, will do, and after a few days 1rcame quite corn panious. They walkeid about the deck, pla?y?l crds, and smo'ed together, and although Ir. ddltestoan mentioned the fact that he was a married mau;· and that his ward was also on board; he made no over* turus towards introducing them to Aziguctus. Ieo thought this singular, and the glimpse he one day' obtamied of the younger lady preponsed hirm very much. Skelton, aswe know, was of a rathemr inuam mabledispositibn; a pretty face and trim tshapo, allied topleasunt manners, would easily mak hima ap tivepro tem, at any rate, or finally if the girlplayed her d promperly. ? 'L ' q 4 : : m r Buthoe would not hare been so uch atonioe that Miss Addle?ton did not appear had he known that'she'was an invalid. The temnspdeous voyagr had notimprorved the bealth of cithr of the ladies- both somewhat delicate; and it was not for come foew weeks that Augntust t encountterd lis? Addleaton;: By that time his curiosity was whetted,' nd had she been a designing, instead of. as she actually was, as innocent ofintigue as a baby, hs could not have playod a matrimonial' game with more certainly of inning.' One morning Skelton was on deck r?ad. ing, when the young lady carefully emerged from thecabie, hut being unaccuastomed to thoe hatchwa ledge thonraised rim of the compaon) she tripped against I, and would have fallen probaly if Slheiton w?h6 hadhben watching her, had not sprung upand Scaught her extended hand. . Aplasant smile and a few words of thanks com pletd the introduction. Augutus~ replied, and before long the yosin people were chatting very pleasantly. The usual topics of the voyage were touched upon the weather, the rate of progrosa, and the landthey had left tehind them. ~ That was a dreadful fire," said Augustns at last? "I lost some relatives in the lmsh--poor people. They must have suffered." " We lost a good deal, mt none of our friends perishod. I can quite Synlttbino with you," she continued. Then fearing the had mid too much, she changed the conversation. Mr, Addloeton soon came on deck, and, addressing the girl as laura, sent herbelow to her mother, and then entered amiably into conr-enation with Augustus. int he was thinking of the voice he had beard,'snd wondeuinu whether Ellen's last accents were evertohenangng inhiaseara. Wasthis the Svengeanm of hcaven P as this hil piinishmmontP Was it posesible that women towhom he spoke should Sremind-by voice; or word, ar reference-to some fact passed away; of the g1 e hacd bieeved he loved a. year ag4.oad whose5' memory he ithu cherished affeetienately in the beast of hearts P r The sad cifrmlstanco s still waished upon him. SThe reastletei of crime was upon Augaus Hs feltlabecouldnow nererbehapssunanl l hahadatoned, so far as he could atone, for is tatkher's misdee, and ,hi own wild, if not criminal, acts. His return toEngland was with this nad in view, and when a man of Augoitns Shelton's 'impesi: tap ment has madeup has mind to stone, to or to zeatoreanyiiing, the aonesnt the~ Jogy, and the r aerw itayights b be anpoite r and fu .' o ehalf measures would thus asth Augustus. ie' wai on his tray to do jastice, and justisnebe would do be 'the coat to himsel what it might. Sobe srguedwith'himself. 'tiofarhehad addarouidrotact auptohisdetemination. Whethter the enter attractis of this young. lady on ioand the hmeward-bl~.omul liper woul srre to under ni,?s all his good resolutions remained to be sewnm. It will not smprise anyone to learn that, under the' peculiarly f-avourable circumtancec, and the ':finatien whih posseaed Augustus as he day by day landied he' could deated a still more marI-n rEsemblace to the lujt Etlle, Shelton and h-ss Addleton becaame atteachrel to each other. Thcre is no placefor flirting or for making love ?o a ship on along voyage. The nurnisr of ,iepprtuniti, wehich a young man, if he only phys his ?crd, with eelL nary care, coon cluan far the si' ce of iir:ctie'n nre rractieslla-nl-anboied. Thlsisbfec n'1ry na ons. Once is undoubtredl that a msans othe:t :XS s:rh:.rlv en?aged. and do r.et re.i'e the r:t. nreather gient aetant of Cn;,ii i is Idn?s. i it h, true, and. w? think it is, tL?t For ?/? h&:.·i$ to cO," then itis und't: ily thE f5'ct stiat Cupdt finds ovme lovers snif (vcry qui't, in,?ll, m·: i '-hn,), and love-making for thn r to do in the ns iiirous conm fortable nruks ln ?l cmern' of ia :-all-'luiuppe'd 'hip. There are b'ts and ittle tclsude.d otlol whiIh, even : in rainy w'eathec', ean te conivet ha' a taRtaulin into a waterpruoi tent, whrsi'n much aiet conviere, can be enjoyed in that lo., confidntlia! tone, supplementedl, when actu:,! woI d are pecrhti:p 's vet too direct, :and nmight be prctiure, tr y qtut thand. Spressure, or perhC6s a cl~.ie :i: in th' tuilight of the tropIica. Oh! tho? trolcs! 'fTivhy hiasn : git deal to ansnwer for, althongh thtero se o ea-ple ivlio will flirt seriouslh Iefore th ?hip is well in the IBlv of Bistcay on her outward 'oya.'e. But this I:ind of S tcrqluet'ydoesnotlast. laoltage'imerillva'iesitout, ube. caue your long-trip passenger i-ill tmake: his chcice of a companion, and hesit:ate ro (;ib be rachead (I am now speaking of the Indian i.ervice) to commit hrim self to a flixtation with u lbdy lwho tay go ashore to-morrow. However, none of the considerations troubled Augubstus and clie Addlleston. lie had iaheadv learnt her name was Laura, and the pi:ir walked n t 'ltcdked all the way up Ohannel, speculating upon futuro meetings, and day by day rhivtting their bonds more finrmly, Auguubt had mnde iup his mllnd to Ipropose to Laurn, and she, on her part, while being very careful not to give him any n n:.rson to i'ap to conclu alone as to her feelings, vwas certainly disposed to accept him should he uliho in ofler. Ier mother's delicate health kept Larii a good deal in attendanceo upon her, and mnuch, anxiety was manifested concoern. .i-g the old landy, whom Skelton had never seen. At length the English coast waen sighted, andl that evening, lwhile awaiting tho lrrival of m pilot, Augustus and Laura found themselves on the dci almost alone. She was leaning onhis arr--not now at all an unusual naction on her part-and with himn was gazingut u over the gently ,wellitng sea. lio was the first to break the silence between them. "We are near home at last, La?ura," raid Shelton, as he gently laid his right hand upon her left; "and here, within sight of Old England, I have omnething to tell you." laura felt ehat was coming, and made no answror. She felt thathut one anawer would be possiblo whun the question had been asked, but till thalnt question was putit was her duty to he silent. She did not withianw her hand from tho contact, and Auguatus procooded. " Laurs, you remind mo viey mtuch of 'ont who was for a short time very door to mo, and-anay 1 tell you I-T loved tier I believe for thnt littlo timo. Inea-er foncied I should cars for iiny other awomiiu in quiteo the caue nimo y; hiut I find how mistinken I hliive buroi. I lore you, LIaiuisa, sven uosis desoeotdly thun I did her, lwhom you in miiny ways no ?frangely aresemblo, .She did not love me." lio paused ioif expecting a reply, but ho weas dis. teporinted, kLra s?alid nothlingi; indeed, what coall bo, a Py? It was seorcely to boar another yeoman cotpsrriend to hertelt that she ohnd come to tho side of the v'A:el: that night. Anog~llents, in hitl ncrvoius wsa, was determiriced to idceivo no one. 1is would tell tI' truth, and niothing lint the truth b; whetlher io wsould tell the whole truth rjmanine:? to T, c'alt. " De:lre?,,t f',T¢~aurn,-- TmCi h dII· *ov)ed. I ?a"n eurricrd Iaway;. I cl? ret.'il.'d-rejected. Now, 1 ]love you ivotsiidl', I lu.icre. ie hlvo boeen great fiendst .go o.ard. ~Sihl oisr fricrsl'lip c.ease? haiill all Sthro happy days togottejs and pass away V Can youconsent to prolongthermasamywife? Lsure, ,' .," eoe rcplicd. "The days Aare bcn vwry, very hsppy. It would nmake me very happy ntil to be your wife." So, for the time, all Skelton's doubts and fears were at at stet. He clasped his beautiful intended wife in his arms, and vowed reverently to love and cherish her during his lifo. .Hro e, darling,"' he said, as they were Iparting for the night. "lero iithe o nly trinket I possess, and ithas hitherto escapedmny mernory. It belong<d i toone who loved not mO. Will you acept it as a pledeo of my affection,and my bneosty and trust i Still Ican nrlco t it with a better ?l" ".Yea Auasutus,-' the repldj. "I trust you all c in all, "? s ded then " ' SOh yS, dead tome~ and dead inde d. But," he I addted, writh an' effort, "'we omust not part thrs L dolefully., Ikt me pat tho loc. t over our uce, ? dar ing;and wish you good night.;? will eao your father and explin.o' i Inura nailed merrily, and, with a pretty maidenly kisa, disappeared. r iBat Augutus did not tell Mr, Addleston that he was engaged to his daughter that evening, ,he: nuse he didn't see him, and laura did not tellhermother of the great changey in. hr pr s opt; .ecause.hor m'other was ill, and just then asleep, and coiuld not be disturbed. Next day aill was bustl andoonfuaion c -packingnp, rand Iaking:thing~iOady for port. lr. - and, Mrs. Addlerton-. anroly aulpiared when Augustus was -below; hut Ijurri had told her mother, and had . bimsed, and thd I 'to wait. Augustus had told Mr. Addlioston his intentions towards Laura,, and lund. been informeds thatuatil some explanationmof'his means, &c.;, had been entered upon, and that now waa impossible, he I could only ansent prorisionally., This was quito enough for Skelton. He and Lauia had one aong fifte-i-.te up the .river, to Graevet-send, where the Addledtona left the sahip, and ,their addrea, with Skelton; who promised toncl next day 'at'their hotel r. Then thoe vessel csaio up to the :docks, and Augustus landed. A numlber of peopla were h wandering about looking at the shipping. Augustus looked about him, and; starlingbhck, turned pale. As the vessel came up he had pased close to a spectre. A ghost, .Ellen" itihard'wasgazing was alive and well. She had "not apparently recog. -isedhim, and-Anguetus look.d again. Yes, therro ahe was leaning fondly on a smn'a.arm, and that k man Amos!--An E, Ellen's husband. Could it be? Augustius had rn aw:ay havting, as he fancied, put an insuperable barrier- a grim bar inde'd - be- d tween Ellen and tho world. Yet here she is before o hit, happy sndlaughing clinging to the urn of her hsi~su~d-2Ajuos lia~twm. it was too much. Such a termination to the voyage he certainly did notr expect. r Suppose Ellen had recogniscd him. No doubt she had told Amos all about the "accident," and hir husband would doubtleios take summary vengeance. C: Then all the country would hear how he, the young ci farmer, who onc~ had a reputation for courage, had t permitteda girl to dI own soener he nm e lc hr mar-. ned to his rival. Now she was nlive, She had a marrniedthat rival. How could Augusotus ever howt o his face at Beecht ombo ? What goest were th, . estates in Australia or their i roce?oe now to him ? hie must leave the Moor to tering, rs. lie mit i quit (minnonleigh. The drcad myolsry e till h tsin g i over the farm could not now .e cler:ued up I him. ??. his friend the viotr would shrinol: from hilm, al- ci worst of all-Laura! Laura would dseii.e ],im. Her voung life would be blighted. 1lr ple r-ts ci woull curse him and deoounie him. There wsa no i escape. to m tear his ithar n, hh eavy thou gh it a was, and almost talbenrmble. lint, bad as things loodc, AugiL.ctu ill is:,l a t sort of Confidcnce in Ellen. le Lha, ustil hlr vic-l i and cruelly. Hie had not heloil hter. ie hi . behaved like a cur and a coward, aund et hi- .aii rn inEllen wasnot shaken. lie haid as--.'vague in.e p of security in her kinianid genrvs h'art that .he would rather ahirdd than acheu him. Ial as h, was at times, we lknow kelten hLd not rtally atlad heart. He was impulive, urtisiplinird, cowardlh - but not beyond hope of reionr-catin; ud, a -e i i havoe seen, his repentalic, if nely er nt.red on, I wassincore asfarasit ,rint. Cro trhadtire sr all 11 i men and women are, Augistus only w:anted Rf'.rm?as and a little more morcl ccrtis,. iHe fel t wihat h'e lacked, ansd endeavoure, if niot too alte, to ritrievo I his; erroris. "T Tlhnsk G(od., Ehe's allv-i" 'ia. his inward fee ing. "I'm not a murdertr, andrl nec:l not fear." lThere spoke the tzue iSkelton. "'Self" uprpenrost, evsn 0i when he had e?SaOId a great danger, Thiere was something manting still. Augustus haed boCn c.ogriilCd ait once hy Amos l and rar:ially vby Elln. She had r again expriceid a wish to coEn to L~nlin anrd csee about hips and owners with a velr: to recall he-r scattered rcolle.- L tions ;'acd paslyd to pilea Iher and parilv to amusieo himnelf. Amos hid ,:omen down to tile dclss to ee theIs Austraiaun and olther r-·o-lis, and to ponder upon lerlt's carioua !-ertinacity roapeCtirg lithe f a Iertric. 1 Thiymlead many inquics concerning the IWi!. rriine arnd the Qrcl of (ice 6"iut. The ships blcoagecl to different ownera, ibut beth had stailed two year-s tefore and both halsd be:en wree?-ksl. Could any in forma:tion bo obtained concerning the passencgers? No, unleeis from the captaiin's lpapers, or perhaps the t recoeds of the ogent in M-3lbourne. 'The casltain and all hiris papers werec then at the Ibottom of the sel ; and the agent at Melbourne? Well, he ,ca, at 3elhonrme, arind that w~as all sboat it. So Amos and Ellen dietermined to ciEc their in vcitigiation. What good jA it," slid Amos. "who will evetr trouble ahbot it? You are now ilrs. Aminos I:ri?raum, and won't clurnigo vour namelc unless ;oe comea in for ari fortunme, which un't likel!y; or utkshes come man who'is plenty of lron-ey vauts srn heir to it, and thlen ,we'll owapnamies. You're mine, lassv, and mine you'll orver be-, nrime osr no nrtme, for ill tlhe Wolvecrine- that ever sged, or all the Southern Qucen that over reigned. 'That's thetalck " " But I slouid like to remember it all, dear, and mothler and father and listter. rm suro I hall mso m day." ' Well, don't worry obout it, mly pet. It will all cormei right. Noe l'r tire- of this river- builtplahca., Let's go lack to the sta, Nell !" 'JI'us it haicpenedl tha:t they trc.el tiswards homo again. AuguiituS Shelton, holsceCr mI chi e he had been frightcened, was not disos-ed to rehnqlruish Laurn Addle ton, eo next day he betookl himnelf to the hotel in the city where MIr. Addleston had taken up, his aibode. IIe was shown into a pri-vato room, and waited. In a few minutes the doer oplened, and lShelton roeo to clasp his affianced in his arms. But inteoad of Laura's comowseit pale but beautiful face, in elderly lady, Mrs. Addlestaon, as heo judged, entered. '' Mr. lRundlo, I bIelieve?" she said, in en agitatcd Then it occurred to Augiustus that he had norever slpolen to her before, and that his name was not liunilo. But he only bowed, being too mulch taken aback to spealk. "Mr. Irundlc," continued Mrs. Addleston, "I nm glad to see you for mydaughter's sikec, Lecauso some explanation is duo to me. In the first place, may I iuquiru hIow you became possesseed of this locket'" Ai alos spoke oho produced the. trinket which Augustus had so thoughtfully given to Lusuri. It wsi Ell-n'a locket; the camo that had iocome un loosed from her neck when sho had fallen or Leen pushed into the sea. Whait could Skelton aunswcr ? io had ho felt already committed himself. Ilo lal alrceady con fes- edl to Lanmrn the former existence of an attaeh. mont. iHe could not confess hii share in the holrrib'o businesr, althourgh Ellen wer' arlive ; for that very reas nr indeed he could not confess. "Well, Mr. hRunile, will you pleaso tell mo ? I ai very, very anxioas about this. Mluch masy dlepeind upin it-a great deal moro may he depoadinrg upon it thtlu vou imrsgino." A?rlguesihtr ,el quit' at loss. IIo mrutterril csm thing, and ,rnn thought he would bravs it out rambigiously. " The fact is," he said, " that be onried to a former lhurno of mino. Weo had a quarriel, and ios ohl-well I enatched tihe locket from her. "You mow, es a woman of thie worlc, .thieo things wrill occur. I liked her, anrd shlo didnl't asro rbout me trhen. So--" "Stop, sir !" eaclainmled iiri. Addlestoi. "The poor girl i--dead-I believeo. ]ut if I coulld be asurctd, lMr. Rundlo. \'hero did you lasot met, the younug weroan you spoke of "We will not say more itbout her, poor thing. But lhow did you become possessed of this locket P" W\hy was the lady 1o mnoved ? " it iwsia hers." " 'iThe young lady's P t Ye?s, certlainly. Sho was quite ii girl." "And did you over rao the oritginal of tho pltura wilth her? h MrL.Rrrdle, upar.on me:; formoa my (Imnble ridy;ti't-l mn, o m~irc7 tall me, di.? -, ne re6S th = oitnl~ h of te s lttii?re-r " S.-lcton bhe--s to fancy that 2!re. Ielett: wee dsasged. The c rto tr cs ec- as clcar t? to im that he hsartilSy c klyud trhey .u.l Eae b a ~c:i cneefort to It, her. Bat he prt har tr?ict, or d dcr?eznrg nth- to s seronag c:yaet. d ot, ki do r h n:Aw , I fcwl turn rus the ori.iL . Sho?ras it herawt Tr irl- I p:Rk f, Ic mlt Tsppped ? to b ei, Is .- orf onl oC th' iii nas,. Gre t heo:i-sr, srht s Av- I am! f.d Skca?lten mishlt Igllehis Mc.ert. dictl:"i 'sd fainted. Assir?·rta sas qsickly prors-es , and tiotr v lng interval tbhe rld ro-verd --c-io . S Ic?,?ced dobtfull- ar elteon, rand m "de m i re rtta one effort to ,eak. ?io sid noy dare to reire, foer it ryas evident rhe is-heli him to r-m iO,-" - V( I did not know how twins a Bould torn up for him. So, ho scated himwelf at the ceindow and waitcl till t e cranteI h ud r githdrawn. Then approrhking the sofa hpon which the edy lsv, he said, "Dner liMr. Addletton , I am ofrteid I hi?a?e rsed you some annoyannce and much p in. I can erplain all I gave this locket to bLreen ars my pledge of affection. I tools it-by accident (hti felt he was getting inuvlved)-by accident frem the n?e of the girl who--" "Lahera is he " criled Mrs. Addl?rtun. "7oire her back to mo! etha is my daugeater-my eded child! " " Your-eldeat-child! .Mferciful Powers! That girl -our eldest child-Ellen I-" S no; not Ellen. Inut when my child, Florence, left us for England she wore thatn lore. with her likeness. The ship was wercted - (Augusitna Ehidrd)-fondered at eam-the I'is rerin, from SMelbourne. 'ht wlas thr e oname. 'l perished. How could the locket haro been pnre. served? The child was nmy child-laura's sicir.e" "lau u's siter' " exclaimed Augustus. "Fsrens -not-oh God!-not Fwonesc Ssrun.rorP" " How did you ledrn that "d exclaimned the dis tracted mother. "Yes, yes. I was Mrs. Skelten seforen I mrried Mr. Addlston. Loweu is sti:l L3urn Skelton. Florence came to England to soe her uncle -" "John Skelton. Oh, retribution!" eaclaimcd Augustus. "I deserveoit all." " Yes, John Skelton. Bnt rhoaerre you I Speacik ..-epeak--quick! " implored Mrs. Addlrston. Augustus knelt down, and, busying his faco in his hands, sobbed out: "Your unhappy nephew, Augustus Skelto?n (To e cotinued.) 