iafag and ffatchesu [NOW FIEST PUBLISHED.] THE BROKEN SEAL. A Novel, By DORA RDSSELL, Author of ' Footprints ia the snow,' 'The Vicar's Governess,' 'Oat of Eden,' &c.; {The Right of Translation it AewrewZ.] Chapter IU— The 'Bcblekjh Aejls.' Nearly every afternoon the bar of the Bur leigh Arms (the old- fashioned Plymoutn tavern, into which John Lester haii been carried half- fainting more than twenty years ago) was crowded with customers. The house had a good reputation for one thing — the drink sold was said to be good drink ; and for another — the Laudi&dy; was a popular woman, and many of the frequenters of the Barleigh Anns had knew her since the days when as a slim, pink-cheeked young girl, old John Burleigh had first brought her to preside there. But she was no longer slim. A rosy, comely, very stont woman, stood tnrning the tups, where she had stood for thirty years. She was a good-natured creature, and had a smile nearly as bright now as when she had won the old landlord's heart, and he had married his sister's nursemaid. She had her jest and her laugh with her customer* always ready, bat she was known to be a highly respectable person, and do ami ever said a rude word twice to her. Her second marriage was a well-known fact, and her second husband was generally considered to be a very foolish man not to take full advantage of all the good things that had fallen to his lot. He had had several rivals for the hand of the fair and well-endowed widow, and a certain Captain Daw, a retired master of a sailing vessel, bad felt himself particularly aggrieved Vben Mrs. Barleigh wedded John Letter, the handsome soldier. Not that he had any real reason to feel aggrieved, for Daniel Daw was a man of slow and steady ways of life, and be had never yet hinted to Mrs, Barleigh that he wished to marry her, when to bis great disgust he found she was going to marry somebody else. He bad only sat and stared at her, and drunk his rum with unfailing regularity from her hands. And now for twenty-three years, he had drank his nun a'^ stared at her stall, fie came so sorely, and sat down on the bench opposite to her, twice a day, that Mrs. Lester took no more notice of him than she took of the glass bottles that decked her shelves. She never thought of him, in fact. She was a married woman, faithful and fane to her husband, absent or present, but this old, wicked* nun-imbibing 8ea*capfaiin sat there and thought of her day after day, always hoping t^iftir MfunfltMng would happen to the absent soldier. Daniel Daw reckoned his chances in his slow way. and hope never died out of his heart. There was the sword first — the old, sad words of Holy Writ so often fulfilled, that he who t&keth; it up shall perish by it then there was climate, the cholera, fever, frnnjrp bitfw, shipwrecks. Sur«Iy a mnn ex posed to all these dangers would not hold on so fast to life as the steady- going person who sat there darkly staring at his wife and wishing hin) dead ! The only danger that seemed to threaten Daniel Daw's existence was too much rum. Bat he was prudent witfaaL He kept none at home : he drank four glasses every day at the Bnrleigh Arms, and he was a seasoned cask. In person he was stoat, very stoat ami short ; in visage round and red, in. speech slow and sore. He wss sitting in hfe mmal place, at his usual boor, and at bis usual occupation, on the day following Major Doyne's Ql-omened visit to fioden Court. It was about three o'clock in the afternoon, and the bar was fairly full Petty officers, dock yard men, commercial travellers, soldiers and sailors, to his second glass, and his round eyes were fifed on the buxom landlady with a persistent stare. There she stood, florid, comely, with blue eyes, and a large, flat, shining face, and her light brown hair in crimped bauds ou either side — her dress apparently made purposely to attract attention to her excessive rotundity. At least, it was light-coloured and flowery, and her bibbed aprou was light-coloured and flowery too, and trimmed with white lace and tied with a coloured ribbon. Bat ebe had been a pretty woman. She had a clean, honest, smiling look, that won plea Bant to the eye, and a dimple in her round, white chin. She was very busy, when a bandsom cab, containing two gentlemen, drove up to the door of the ' Burleigb Arms, and a minute later entered the bar. No one can stand thirty years' looking at their fellow-being* without getting some knowledge of what people are by their appearance. As the brown, slender little man, with the long, tawny moustache, ad vanced towards her, Mrs. Lester knew very* well he w&s; a military officer. Army men (officers) were oat of her line of business, but she nmi seen dozens of such as this in the streets, and she at once addressed the two with marked civility. ** What can I get you, gentlemen -' The little soldier pulled his tawny mous tache, and looked up at his taller compaiiiou before be replied, who gave a. very feeble smile in return. They had forgotten they were expected to drink something, and they were not thirsty. They had come there on an errand that made bodily requirements seem as nothing *» them. They were both, very pa.L«, and Major Doyue was nervous and mlgetty, and Alau Lester cold and reserved. He had made up his mind ; he uu, hilling tin* 1 titter blow that he hud received under a little -.:ktra calninesH and steadiness of demeanour. 'I'll have a brandy and soda, 1 think,' jerked out Major Doyne. ' Can we have a ' private room, landlady.' j ' Certainly, gentlemen. Rose [Rose was ( the barmaid] show the gentlemen into the blue \ Hose proceeded forthwith to usher Major ' Doyne and Alan Lester into the very room where John Lester had been carried all those long years ago ! It was a little room behind the bar, neat, tidy, flowery, as the landlady , herself. The fnrnitnre covered with a bright j blue print ; the walla were painted in two ' shades of blue, and the mantel -piece was ] adorned with quaint offerings from foreign | lands, brought by Mrs. Lester's various sea- j faring acquaintances- Big shells (awful to be- ' hold when we reflect on the living monsters that mutt have inhabited them), little Indian ivory figures, and in fact strange things wrought by strange people— bits of Chinese embroidery, massive in gold and silver, and rich colours and extraordinary designs. Alan Lester looked at these things vaguely ; the thought crossed his mind *lid poor John bring any of them here 1 Sad he sat here ? Was his pale ghost perhaps here now to see justice done to his wife and child ? la the meantime Rose had brought in the brandy -aud-soUjL, aud given, the bright maAwa gany table a little unnecessary polish with her checked white muslin apron in passing. asked. Alas, poor Rose ! Wert thon given that sweet name in mockery to thy dull pitted skin, thy uncouth features ? For certain reasons of her own Mre. Lester always en gaged a plain barmaid, and she bad certainly done this with a vengeance when she took poor Hose. Vet the girl was honest, handy, would work and wait while others played, though nature had indeed served her a scurvy trick. She stood there, perhaps, conscious of her ugliness when she asked Alan and Doyne if they required anything else. There was none of the coqaettishness of young womanhood. She had a humble deprecating Took ; the look yon see on the faces of the very poor. 'Can we see the landlady here?*1 asked Alan Lester, in a low, steady voice ' The missus — Mrs. Lester V* inquired Rose. 'Yes,' said Alan, and a little quiver passed over his pale face as he heard her ' HI see, sir,' said Rose, and she disap peared ; and a few moments later Mrs. Lester ' Ii there anything I can do for yon, gentlemen?' she asked, with her pleasant smfle. ' I want to ask you a few questions,'' said Alan Lester. Mrs. Lester looked uneasy. She lifted the end of her flowery apron as if to examine the pattern ; she heaved an anxious sigh. ' My Jim's not been getting into any fresh trouble, I hope, gentlemen?' she said at length. ' Your son ?' *sked Alan, quickly. '* Yes, sir, my only one — and his pa's not here — and he's getting past my manage ment.' ' It is not about jrour son I came here to speak,' said Ahui, forcing his words from his lips with a painful effort: ''I want to ask about your marriage ?' '? My marriage, sir V1 answered Mrs, Lester, sharply, her complexion deepening in tint. 'There's nothing to be said against that, is there ? That's all right, anyhow.' ' I mean your second marriage.' ' Yes, sir, I married John Lester twenty one years ago gone June — do you know any thing about my John ?** Alan hesitated. How could be tell this poor soul tliat her John lay cold and stark ? '* John's a. soldier,' went ou Mrs. Lester i 41 folks say I should have done better than that,' she added trembling and with a umile, ' but I just took, to him, and I bad no out: but myself to please — my first old man had been dead and gone these three yeans when 1 married John — but I've had a lonesome life of late, for John's regiment has been iu foreign parts these five years, ;uid they've ouly jnst got home, luiJ I'm looking now to have my IP'-*1 l«u:k, and I've made up my mind I'll not be parted from him any more.' Lester looked at Major Doyne, and turned away his head. lie felt the task was beyoud his strength ; he could not give the poor woman this cruel blow, and Major Doyne understood . 'I am sorry,' said Doyne, casting dowu his eyes, and pulling lib; moustache, 'to bt obliged to tell you bad news. Your huaboud. 'He ie there,' interrupted Mrs. Lester, turning very pale. ceeded Major Uoync. ' and, 1 regret very deeply to tell you, that John Lester di«! quite suddenly iu the barrack -yard the day before yesterday.11 The shriek that Mrs. Letter gave when she heard this dread ul news rung through the house. The men standing romij the bar jumped to his feet, and ran as fast 'as ho could go iuto thy little blue p*rl«ur. ' What's the matter T be anketl. Poor Mrs. Lester had flung herself on her knees on the floor, and hud tlirmvu her aprou over her head, 'Oh ! John : Johu :' she wailed, wringing her bunds ** shall I see you uo more ?'' ' What's the Mattel V' again asked Daniel. ' John's ileari. (Juptain iKiW,' answered the Daniel Daw said uutliing. TIk- hour uaJ come that be had waited for nu long, a.u.i a dull sense of pleasure and oatisf action crept mUi Uis Uti&rt.; ' Perhaps Mr*. Lester would like to see her son ?' said Alau Letter, gently aud cum passionately. 'Oh ! yea, sir, -uu-l for Jim. mii.1 for Jim:'' cried Mrs. Lester in bitter distress. '* He'll be at his billiards — tell him hid poor pa dropped down quite sadden ia the barrack Alan went out of the room to despatch a messenger to seek young Lester, and Major Doyne tried to say some common place con soling words to the poor widow. ' Se was a good soldier, and a brave man,' he said ; ' we have all to die, you know, Mrs. Lester, and his sufferings were very brief.' ** If he had only been at home, sir l' wept Mrs- Lester. 'I've urged him so often — he had everything comfortable here — oh ! why, why, did he go away !' Daniel Daw upon this went back to the the'hands of Rose. Then be sat down on his old seat, and began vague speculations for the future. There was a row of Dutch-shaped bottles on a high shelf just opposite to him, and he fixed his round eyes on these, and thought they would look better and be handier lower down. He thought of various altera tions and improvements and was only inter rupted in his mental calculations by the entrance of young James Lester, who had been sent for from a neighbouring billiard room. Alan Lester was walking slowly up and down before the door of the Burleigh Arms, waiting for tLis youth, when he made his appearance. Naturally Alan looked at him with strong interest He was about twenty ; good- looking, fresh -coloured, with a bold prominent blue eye, and rather a swaggering manner and gait. He blushed when he saw ^Inw. He thought he was the officer who bad come to tell his mother of his father's death, and he was ashamed of his father having been a private soldier. He little guessed the keen and miserable interest with which Alau Lester was regard ing his face. His brother's son, bis near IrjYiFTnqrit the heir of the old name ! These thoughts passed like lightning through Alan's brain as be stood there looking intently at James Lester, and beneath bis fixed gaze the bold blue eyes shifted aud felL ' Are yon the gentleman who has come to tell my mother that poor father is dead, sir '.' the next moment asked James Lester, again looking up at the grave, sad face before him. 'Yea/ answered Alan, briefly, and be turned away his eyes with a stifled sigh. ** I regret to be the bearer of ill news, but yonr father died the day before yesterday at Gortmouth.' ' Awful sudden, sir — what did be die of ?' asked the young man. '* He died of spasm of the heart — he had had attacks before— but this one killed him in a few minutes.' ' Dreadful thing, sir ; Fm awfully sorry ; if s very good of you to come and tell mother; won't yon come into the house and have ' No thank you, but I will speak to yonr mother. I will call on her again about some arraug ements , ' 41 Yes, to be sure ; where's the funeral to be?' ?* We p'i arrange about that to-morrow ; I will go in now and speak to your mother.' As he said this Alan Lester re-entered the tavern and went straight across the bar to the little blae parlour at the back, followed Mrs. Lester was still there, crying bitterly, and Major Doyne was trying to say some kindly words to her, but at the sight of her son, she rose aud fiong her arms round his neck. ' Oh ! Jim :~* she cried, *' have you heard, have you heard? your poor pa's gone ? he'll not com^* hank anv more — he won't be here at Christinas as he promised — and the pudden's made — I always sent him a Christmas pudden, sir,' she continued, wiping her streaming eyes with her flowery apron, and addressing Major Doyne ; 'wher- ec-er he was, in the Ingies, and a\L, John had his pudden quite regular, and this one he was to have at home, aud he won't be here to cat it.' And again sobs choked the poor It was impossible not to sympathise with her. Her genuine bitter sorrow, her homely language, touched Alan Lester's- heart so much that lie went up to Jier aud wrun-' her said ; 'try to take some comfort. Your husband waaTu good man — a brave aud f^ood limn. .Major Doyne will tell you 60, who would Like to see poor John again. '* Oh ! ves, sir ; I was going to ask about that,'' said Mrs. Lester, u«w looting 'P liktt, I cjui remember nothing ; but may 1 have him home, sir — may 1 have his Uoily honied And she looked at Major Doyue. 'Certainly, Mrs. Lester.' he aniweml ; '?I shall see about all uecewai-y arrange ments. And now we sliy.ll leave you with your sod.' And he put bid ami through Alau Lester's, aud the two bowed auJ were j just leavini* tlie iuoiu wlieu Ala.ii Lester 5U' l'»iu'il!l'v' ZT,' jrXT 'iii' sai.l, - aii.l lie did this, dlttl after lie was {^on£ vouog Woken at tlie uews ut liis ucber's death, for John Lester iveiit away, toot up Alan Lester's card with some interest. '? Hello ! neither,' lie said, ' wluu's thU I Had pour father any swell relations -sir Alau Lester, Kodeu Court— on tliii swell be \- l)jiii talk that light-hearted, Jim,' wUe'e J'weUsIiSjr no 'swells liT\h^UT iherv's 'no difference there— but poor Joliu Ua.%i qo vul&tu;&u;& tUaX- 1 U.uov-* ou v tiiM jiMUvlt ** The name's tiie tame, uuvbow.' iirief, wailing and beiuoauinii * she would not be comforted. In the meanwhile Daniel Daw had fallen into a gentle doze, ou hi* accustomed bench before the bar. He had gone on counting the bottles on the shelves until sleep overcame htm, and. he went on counting them in ^*W dreams. Suddenly, however, he was aroused by -- louder wail thin ever from poor Mrs. Lester. Daniel started, rose to his feet, rubbed bis eyes, and remembered what bad happened. Then be stood listening* moment with great apparent satisfaction to poor Mrs. Lester's cries and sobs. ' Ay, ay,' he muttered to M'HWftlfi as he walked out of the bar with his rolling gait, ' she'll aooc get over it — them that squeals so hard don't squeal long !' (Tab CoiUi-Mwit) 