" IODERAITE. BUr PROGRESSIVE." (Published erery Tuesday &Friday; morning.) TUESD.AY, SEPTEMI.BHR 28, 1886. NEW .LAND ACT AND. SURVEY -FEES. ON several occasions we hiave drawn attention to the excessive charges made for surveying.land under the new Act, in conmparison'witli those clarged uui der the old Act. Selectors have co.n plained pretty considerably about the matter, and with just cause,.. since tihe survey of a block of about 200 acres costs them nearly £20,..while under the old Act the cost would only have.teen. £7 or £8. Another griev ance is that selectors, supposing they might.pay half the amount of the sur vey fees down, and the balance in yearly instalnentS, had to make cash payments. Before the late general election, Mr F. C. MBsoN in his address to the electors at Traralgon distinctly said that. when the cost of survey exceeded £10, £5i might be paid, and the Minister would arrange for the balance to be paid during a stated number-of years as an addition to the rent. This was the prevalent idea respecting the survey fees under the present Act, and there was good reason for the idea being' entertained. When Mr TUCKER was Minister of Lands, he arranged, at the request of Mr Dow, that selectors should be al lowed to pay part of the fee down, and the balance in inlstalnlllts, to extend ovei a number of years. This, how ever, selectors are not pIermitted to do, and there is a widespread feeling that a breach of faith has been made by the Government in this respect. However, we aie glid to :notice- ttat. the com. plaintsmnade througllh this journal, and through other mediums,have had some good effects, and that the Minister of Landle has now the whole question of surveys under his consideration.. Mr Dow:has decided to act tipon the av rattencents made.by Mir TUCKER, his predecessor,so we have no doubt that as fair as the method of paying the fees is concerned, there will be no more trouble. The next thing to be con sidered is why the rates :re higher now than they were under the late Act. It is said that: the mileage fee charged makes up the difference. But why should such fee be charged now and not before i There is something terribly absurd in the idea that as railwaysare extended, and coach rouls improved, themileage fee should be increased. If, ten years ago. when travelling was much more difficult in the bush th itn it is now, a 200-acre block could be sur veyed for less than £10, why should the charge now be 120 for a block of similar size? This is a problem which we 'trust Mr Dow will be able to solve to the satisfaction of.the selectors. In ste?adof throwing obstacles in the way or sawnals~a ..1e8 ***;y Tr-r eMe.im chance'for success should be 'given to tl.e:n. What compensation can a man get for his loss of time and his expen diture of strength and money on a wild selection in the bush I His family may get benefit from it, but he, except in some exceptional case, gets nothing out of it. Men who go into an unsettled part of the country, and make the wilderness a habitable place, are en titled to the warmest thanks of the community, and to every indulgence that the Government can grant. According to the latest European tele grams, there has been £5000 worth of colonial wine sold in glasses at the Colo nial and Indian ExhibitioLn. We uaderstand that a new journal is to be published in Morwell, to be called "The Morwell Advocate." Its enterpris ing proprietors intend issuing it almost immediately, the arrangements for which ,ic being pushed on rapidly. It will be Itnder the management and editorship of Mr W. Seccombe, a gentleman well known in literary circles, he having been. for many, years editor of several Victorian newspaplers, and also the paid leader writer for some of the principal journals in the colony. Mr Seccombe has also a prc tical knowledge of printing in all its lbranches, and is a thorough master of shorthand. A football match was played on Satur day last at Traralgon, between the local .juniors and the Rosedale Rovers which re stilted in a win for the visitors by one goal three behinds to four behinds. A correspondent who has evidently the interest of the townspeople at heart sut gests the supplying of a trank or some other reservoir for holding water at the local recreation reserve and show grounds. This would be a decided boon to visitors not only at the coming show but through out the summer months, when cricket and other sports are indulged in, and it is to be hoped the matter will not be lost sight of by those whose duty it is to look after such things. ManIr A M'Lean and Co. will hold a clearing sale of MrF. P. Stuiths's furniture, horses and township allotments to-mor row. This sale has unavoidably post poned twice, but it will take pheic to morrow without fail. To-morrow evening a ball and suppler will be given in the Mechanics' Institute under the auspices of the local Quadrille Assembly. The prize list of the forthcoming show will be published in a couple of days. The show will doubtless be a great suc cess this year, as the prize list is a good olne. !Mr Rolbert Pratt, an old resident of the district, died at his brother's residence on Sunday evening after a' very lengthy ill. ness. The fiuneral will leave for the Toongabbie cemotery to-morrow at twelve o'clock. A boxing match, or more correctly speaking a prize fight,' (states an "Age" telegram) came off at Foles's Athletic Hall, Sydney, on Satturday night, between Tom Looe, of Melbournue, and Professo* Jackson, of Sydney, for £00aside and the championship of Australia. Jackson had the better of it from the start, knocking his opponent all over the ring, and he was eventually declared. the winner after fighting for over two hours. There were nearly a thousand people present. the charge for admission being £1. A libel action of some interest will be heard in the County Court this week pro bibly on Thursday. The plaintiff is Mr John James Lillis, a police constable, the defendant being MrSydney Arthur King, thepublisherof the "Licensed Vietuallers' Advocate." The paragraph to which the policeman had taken exception appeared in the issue of the paper of 10th July, under the head of Bar Talk and contained comments upon an alleged attempt by Con stable Lillis and his wife to trap an" hotel. keeper into Sunday trading.£150 damages are claimed. The ghost ofa dead juryman haunted the Cent;al Criminal Conrt to-day. He was suttmmoned tattntend the court on Thursday last, but as his busitess in thle otherworld wotld notallowhimn toput in auappearamce Mr Justice Holroyd coutld not, as he did not kttow the reason, consider that as a :valid excuse, and fined him a couplo of guines. A friend of the juryman who camte tp to the cotrt this -mornig and expla!,ned thnat the jurymga was defittce sinhe last February. Under these cirmum. stances there is no prospect of thle Govern ment reaping the fine inflicted for non attendance."Herald"' SMr Rutsell, blacksmith of this town has recently sold his business to Mr J. Thomp. son, from the Shepparton district. Mr Thompoon takes possession on Friday, Ist October. It may be stated thrIt Mr Thompson has won a great inumber of prizes in the Shepparton district both for his style of horse shoeing, and also for agricultural implements. \- Mr. Alex. Hall, ldentist of Williamstown, may he consulted in private roomns at Mill's Club hIotel, on Thursday next from 9 a.m. till 12 noon. MrW. H. Solomuon, a resident of Mac nrtlhur-street, near the Old Ce'etery, Ballarnt, some days ago was- playing with a cat, which bit hIim on thle hand whlile frsaking about. The Iito was not coan sid~red serious by Mr Rolomont at the time, but next day the hanid and wrist comnmenced to swell. and finally the arm became swollenI, and the stfeibrer, at the request of friends, sought advice at the hospital, where Dr Morrison, tihe resident surgeoe, lronounced thie case one of blood pois~uig, and said serious eonsequeumies woul robnla?ly ensue. This has been the case, for Mr Solomon died at a late holur otn Friday nieht His body, lets, anl'ltarns were' swollen to a considerable extent. Thebite aplpearod anythintiig biut .cti-Pu to thie uirforttunate mana's friends, antd the injury wasi citsidered one that other persorts had frequently sustained withilrt even itncn'renience. Deceased was a strong healthy ytnog man, about 30 years of nage, proprietor of a grocery store, and was unu1arried,--Age." The following telegram, referring to the Kimberly guldfields, has been received from Mr. Hare, the Government Resident at Cambridge Gulf, by the Government: "Sergeant Truslovo returned front fields on 10th, 27 days away. Reports some men getting from 2 dwt. to lot. gold per week. Many men doing nothing at all. Every thing quiet and orderly on fields. Warden had not arrived on 27th August. Trus love makes distance to fields 230 miles; fitir road, bht required attention atcertain places Many partiesprospecting. Tris love reports nothing as yet to induce men to come here; far better wait until more satisfactory intelligence comes down. Disappointed diggers still returning; many go to Palmerston." It is generally re garded in Perth that the rush occurred too soon, as definite knowledge as to the value of the finds cannot be ascertained until the December rains occur. The best medicine known is SANDEn and Sos's EUCALYPrl ErrRACT. Test its emi nent powerful eff..cts in conghs, colds, in fluenza; the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases, and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings,bruises, sprains i is the safest remedy-no swelling-no in flammation. Like surprising effe;ts pro ducedl in crouun, diptheria, bronchitis, in flammation of the lungs, swellings, etc.; diarrhsna. dysentry, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use at hospitals and med cal clinics all over the globe; patronis`d by Ils Majesty the King of Italy; crowned Eluxhibition, Amsterdam.. Trust in this ap proced article, and reject all others.-AavT. Best Brands of Tobueco and Cigars to be had at A. H. KSSI.so'S, Walchmanxer and Jeweller -ADVT. 