COUNCIL OF TRENT. ( 0 ontinued.) v ery little was done in furtherance of ecclesiastical reform. The legate's furious opposition, his haughty and tyrannical demeanour to those who resisted his measures, aud the uumber of Durchased votes, left no chance of success. Many prelates would have retired in disgust, but for the solicitations of the imperial ambassadors : despair enfeebled their energies; they began to think that nothing short of a miracle could cleanse away the corruptions and abuses of the church; and some even suspected that the Pro testant interpretations of the. prophecies respecting antichrist were founded in truth. ' _ An occurrence, that happened a short time before the session will illustrate these statements. , The ; legate; proposed that no bishopric should be igiven in com- mendam to those who had not attained the age prescribed by the cations. Many objected to this, as it seemed to imply a tacit approbation .of commendams, if bestowed on persons of suitable age: the article wa3 ultimately withdrawn. In the course of the debate, the bishop of Verdun said that such a reformation as was evi dently intended would be fruitless, unworthy of the council, aud ill-suited to the exigencies of the times. In the honest warmth of his zeal, he ventured to utter the words " pretended reformation." The legate was much enraged, and grossly insulted the prolate, calling him. an ignorant, stupid fellow, and using maay other opprobrious epithets. This conduct was repeated some days after, and when the bishop attempted to defend himself, he was silenced. All this took place in the full assembly of the fathers ; yet so completely had they the fear of the legate before their eyes, that no one ventured to say a word Ju defence of his injured brother. Stifled murmurs and low whis pers were the only manifestations of concern and anger. " Tell me, now," said the Archbishop of Cologne to the Bishop of Orenza, as they left the place of meet ing, "do you think that this is a free council?" "My lord," replied the bishop, "you ask me a very difficult question. I cannot answer it immediately. All that I can say now is that the council ought to be free." " Speak plainly,", rejoined the archbishop, " is there really any liberty in the council? " " I beseech you, my lord," answered the timid prelate, " do not press me any further with the subject now, I will give you a reply at our own house." Towards the end of October, John Theodoric Pleninger and John Echlin, ambassadors from the duke of Wirtem- burg, arrived at Trent. They were in structed to present the confession of faith prepared by Brentius, and to demand a safe-conduct for the divines who were ready to enter the lists with their Roman Catholic opponents as soon as that docu ment should be received. In the follow-, ing month they wore joined by.. the ambassadors from Strasburg and five other- cities; among them was Sleidan, the celebrated historian. As they all engaged to act in concert, and refused the offer of a private audience with the legate, lest it should be construed into a recognition of the pope's authority, their arrival was regarded with no small anxiety and alarm. The pope wrote to his legate to take particular care that the papal authority should not he infringed ; to avoid mild measures and temporising expedients ; and to propose as many doctrinal ques tions as -possible, partly that the Luther ans might despair of auy accommodation without subjection to the ; council, aud ; partly to furnish em ploy ihent to the prelates, and prevent them from thinking on reform. If he found himself compelled : to yield to the bishops, in regard to the increase' of their authority, he might do so; after having resisted as long as possible ; because, should anything be done prejur dicial to the interests of the court of Rome, it would- be easy ; to'= restore things aft'er- ; wards :to their former state, if the papal authority: were 'preserved uninj urod. At the' fourteenth' session, - held No vember 25; the couucil; issued its decrees on penance and extreme unction.- -The decree on penance; contained' nine expla natory chapters and fifteen canons. It is affirmed that " the'-'Lord specially insti- ; tuted the sacrament ' of ' penance; when,5 after his resurrection, he breathed on his disciples, saying, "Receive ye the Holy G-host; whose sins you shall forgive; they are -forgiven them ; and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained," John xx. 22, 23. By this remarkable action, and by these express words, as the fathers have by universal consent always under stood the same, the power of forgiving and retaining sins, in order to reconcile the faithful who have sinned after bap tism," was said to be " communicated to the apostles and their lawful successors." The " parts " of penance are said to be contrition, confession, and satisfaction. Respecting confession, the council asserts, " that a full confession of sins was insti tuted by the Lord as a part of the sacrament of penance, not explained, and that it is necessary, by Divine appoint ment, for all who sin after baptism : because our Lord Jesus Christ, when he was about to ascend from earth to heaven, left his priests in his place, as presidents and judges, to whom all mortal offences into which the faithful might fall should be submitted, that they might pronounce sentence of remission or retraction of sins, by the power of the keys. For it is plain that the priests cannot sustain the office of judge, if the cause be unknown to them, nor inflict equitable punishments, if sins are only confessed in general, and not minutely; an d individually described. For this reason it follows, that penitents are bound to rehearse in confession all mortal sins, of which, after diligent examination of themselves, they are conscious, even though they be of the most secret kind, and only .committed against the two last precepts of the decalogue, which some times do more grievously 'wound souls, and are more perilous tban those. which are open and manifest. For venial often ces, by which Ave. are' not excluded from the grace of God, and into which wo: so frequently fall, may be concealed with out fault, and expiated in' many other ways, although, as ' the . pjous custom of many ; demonstrates, ; they may . be men tioned in confession very properly .and usefully, and without any presumption. But peeing ; that.vall mortal sins, even- of thought, make men children of wrath and enemies of God, it is necessary to. s'eelc fromhimpardonof every one of them, with open and'humble confession. There- fore, when the'faitbful iniChrist labour to confess every, sin, til at o ccurs t o their memory, . without doubt they.: place: ; all . before the Divine, .mercy,;; that they may be pardoned. Those who do otherwise, and knowingly conceal any sins;' present" nothing to the Divine goodness, to be forgiven by the priest ; for if the sick man is ashamed to show, his wound to the surgeon, that cannot be cured which is unknown. Moreover, it follows .that even those circumstances which alter the species of- sin are to be explained in con fession, since otherwise the ; penitents cannot fully confess their sins, , nor - the - judges ' know them ; and it becomes im possible to form a right estimate of,' the heinousness of ; the offence, , or inflict : . a suitable punishment." As : confession is only to be made to priests, so they only can grant absolution, and " even those priests who are living in ; mortal sin exercise the "function ,of for giving sins, as the ministers of Christ, by the : power of the holy spirit conferred upon them in ; ordination." Again, ; though the priest's absolution is the dis pensation of a benefit which belongs to another, yet it: is not to be considered as merely a ministry, whether to publish the gospel or to declare the remission 01 sins, but as of the nature of a. judicial act, in which sentence is pronounced by him as a judge." . J: The sentiments of the council on "satis faction V are fully, expressed in the follow ing canons : — \- " "Whoever shall affirm, that the entire punishment is always . remitted by God, together' with the fault, and therefore that penitents need no other satisfaction than, faith, . whereby they . apprehend . Christ, .who has made satisfaction for them: let him be accursed." " Whoever- shall affirm, that we can by no means make satisfaction to God for our sins, through the merits of Christ, as far as the temporal penalty is concerned, either by"punishments inflicted on us by him, and patiently borne, or enjoined by, the priest, though hot undertaken- of our own accord, such as fastings, prayers, almB, or other works of piety ; and there-; fore that the best penance is nothing more than a new life : let him be accursed." ' " Whoever shall affirm, that the satis factions by which penitents redeem them selves from sin through" Christ Jesus, are no part of the service of God, but, on the, contrary, human traditions, which obscure th e doctrine of grace, and th e true worship of God; and'the benefits of the death of! Christ : let him he accursed." (To he continued.) i .-L-i 'Hi; - . 