CERTAIN LECTURES Bv"'rse WinolwIDeyro.' YE SPORTTNG PROPHET.?: No: I didn' tgo out ouSarday,lir.'Kno. emalL. I've something better todo with mj tine than attendingrace meetings. Eh . Did Ibiotico how near you camne to tipping the winner t: No; I did not ;.I noticed t.at yoi selected Little John, but I believe the horse was scratched, so r don't see how you-could have got oery near.?:Oh I if- Little Johi hadn't been. scratched; h'd: have won,. and you'd-have been successful, eh? Is that the way you mukoeitoot!. Ohyou'did; dld'you? You-said that the winner, if notLittleoJolm, :must come from. Ben Bolt, Boolka, Britisher, Silvermine,' Millstroam,- Lesbis, Mentmore, lurrilda, Recall, or Tarpeia, did you ?'And, might-'Iaskol' why did you leave Lout The L?vite, Bonny Dboon, Jim Cain; First Consul, oeno; Remus, and St. John?' It was so hazardous, you know, to iestrictyour choiee .to sucli a few? Oh, you tipped The Baron for the Scllin5 Raco, St. Mlichael.foir thb Nursery Handicap, and Grace Darling for the Caulfield Stakes,, did you But none of 'em w?on, r MiKnoemall- so .I don't see where yourforesight: came in.s ' Mighthave won "if. the othersihadh't, of:?oursoc w'by bresa my roul, so tbcy nsh t' I ne¶ver thought of tha. Told a fellowto back Ben Bolttwo montlh -ago,,did.yo ?n' :Well, ,hy didn't yon'back hamst yourself'? Ohlyou wore pat all by e friend, were you, But if you knwew.theo horse was such a sure thing,; am surprised thatu you didn't.have resolution enough ,to, put your money on him, and let yourfriend back his own fancy. :My son, Pat, was told about Ben Bolt some time ago, but: he went and backed Millstream ii spite of advice, and now he's regretting it. Seems to me, Mr. Kn.d eniall, that everybody.told everybody'else thatthe horse that won was.the only.horse that .cold win. I! am surprised ?that .the owners of the other horses didn't withdraw their animals and let Dr. O'Hara have the course to himself, if everybody' knew that Ben: Bolt was the only thing in it." . . 'Eh ?Got a good tip for the Derby, hauv you!': Well,'.what isait? Oh, Trident;"well, I hear' verybody say the same thing, butL think ydu know-allsawill look' very funny :hen tho race;is oye~, and Trident.doasn eves- geta place. Impossible,.isait? Henm! -There have.beon greaterertainties that have ;turned: outfailures before .now. ,By all n-. ,oiunts.the:Derby and Cup are both morals for .Trident, but in the end those:wiseaccrs' who won't touch anything else may find that there- is niorethan one horsoin botli'the~ races.. Tipped, a sinner five- years ago" did you? Well; wht's thatgot'to:dowiththis year? Elh! Oh, it shows that you do know' something. about it, dpe it' I see; you tipped a winner fire years ag6, and will trade on that for the next fifteen years. But don't you ever think' that the public'get rathEr weary of your continual blarney; about-thbA one' success? Eh?!Tipped any amount 6f thirds,' have you? ' That's afully clever, I'm sure; only, unfortunately, itheplbtlic' don't go in for backing: for third place. as much as tlheylo for-first.. But, I have'tio doubt that if you keelon you-will tip another winner some day, and then -you'll be able to bore the people even more than-yon do now, if that is possible. Eh? uld a dream' about the Melbourno Cup. Well, what Was it? 9 Oh,'dreamt that two witches were quarrelling about a'branui new trident, and' that one wrestled it, fromi the other, and held it aloft with a blue and white flag fluttering from the top oL it Arid. -from that you think of Trident and itscoloia for the Cop, do you!? Well;Ihad a dreamntoo. I dreamt that I was walking through the' Fitzroy Gardens dce day, and I saw'a lnian with a gun steal round a tree and'?ait'till:a bird flew from its branches; when he'liftsed up his gun and shot the bird dead-it waas!a fine Kingfisher, and Pat told me that it really means that the horse called. Kingfish illwin the 31elbourne Cup. Eh ? Hasn'tgot'a ghost of a show, hasn't it'? How. can you tell? Most of the horses lhavoe a show, and I don't see why mine shouldn't. ... But, Mr. Knoemall, don't you think it is foolish for you to stick youiself up as auchls a great authority on racing matters, when, after all, there's any amount of luck in it? Where is it! 'Vhy,-an accident might leave the worstihorse the winner, heavy weathlr: might give the top weight. all the chance that the favorite.light weight would hate on a fine course; there are liundreds of things that might put the most certain horse off, and then'wliere are you? -Ehl Mr. Tooral looral stands to win £50,000, does he ! VWell, the first time I heard it was £5,000, then £10,000, then £20,000, and nowit's £50,000. I suppose if mauy more people tell me about it, it may eventually reach a million. Eh?- Oh, no,; won't forget, Mr. Kno emall. .Your tip is Trident, and your Caul-. field,Cup tip was Little John. IIl remem bher that, you can be sure ; and if you're suc cessful on the Derby I'll also remember not to go too near you until the fever has gone off a bit. Ta-ta, pleasant dreams to you the winners of Derby and Cup, and, perhaps, a good .well-bred, two to one night- mare. 