C a u l f i e l d T r n l n i u g I V o f e s here was a fair sprinkling of visitors esterday morning (says Thursday’s ge) who seemed to take great interest in he various Cup candidates. Lottery was he firft totake possession of tbe sand, and •#8 treated to a couploof turn-sal a good orktog pace, Patience finishing the lest two or three furlongs wi*h him. Cricket brushed along on the ton. Lord Alien, with O’Brien up, after putting in some slow pace, moved along fir a furlong or two to wind up with. Highland Chief strode gaily along the grais for a round. Kenneth was given a round on the sand at a good workinr; pace. Master John and Beckwith wont suitable work. Glenworth and Lady Lovell, 2-year-olds, were despatched for a spin over four furlongs, both finished together, and had colors up. A rati er nice looking co'.t by RebinBon Crusoe, oot of Dagraar, atd Golden Fleece, were cantered. Eugene and Louise Berta were extended over six furlongs. Warfiel! and Anarchy strode along on the grass. Footman ana Berkeley, whoareongaged at Ballaraton Friday, covered a coup'c of rounds on the sand for good work. Carnarvon, Bonnie Lad, and Betort were tried over the five furlongs, and answered the ta«k very satisfactorily ; the latter finished a mile alone. Lady Ashton went long serviceable work on the sand. The cup candidates, Silvermine and Bonnie Doon, after doing a turn on the grass at a very mild canter, were despitobed for a good working gallop, which they completed very moelv, the pair moving freely and well. Chicago and Faithful were doing from medium to half pace exercise. The Chanter, Sirocco aud others in the same stable were doing useful oxercise. Clarendon, with a good big weight was given strong work over (he pP’ .^fA JJ™ eourse^in comnanv* with ' gt. Albert and Yonn? Horatio. Geraldjne 6nd fi, , c:c canto ion and spurting. Mill-tream, who was asked to c&uter; and obstinately refused, was ultimately persuaded to go the reverse way. Nothing went bettor than Grace Darling who, with a light boy up, circled a very good turn round the hurdles on the course proper, the mare having Empress to help her home the latter part of the journey. The Stag, looking well, went a strong turn on the tan. Epicurean, with Doogalston, cantered and spirted from the home tun,. Mia Mia brushed along for a coupleorfurlongs. I<ouis II., Dolamia and Violet were similaely treated. New York, with G. B air in tnc saddle, pul in &round; on the gross at a good swinging canter. Bohemian and Bufcza arrived here yesterday from Sjdoey. Gadfly and Hot Iron ran four furlongs ia company. The Crane went at slow pace Fusee went slow pace work, moving along at a good sharp cintoi to finish up. Preston did some UFOiul work, a little over a mile. Cestus, Isabel, and Alexandria were moving along for useful work. Btn Bolt with M. O Bneu in tbe pigskin was allotted a turn orthe grass. Chuokster, as usual accompanying for about a mue, the old horse cosing off, and allowing tbe Gup favorite to finish alone. Western, in the same stable, also strode along for useful work. The Ghost, with T. William* up ran a very strong three quarter* Little John traversed a round on the course proper, Jtok going with him tin first part of the journey, and Jim Cain the last three furlongs; the former, as usual had to be driven along to keep company with his o. mpanions. Grmculus Esurians King of the West, Victor, and Symbol wero on the ton, brushing along a intervals. There were numerous other? at work daring the morning, but nothing worthy of note took place. Tbe Tumanton A m genaru pnoauf oflioat are 4 Murrtr street. Orden from tbe tountfjeit ted eritb tbe atm oat deapttoh,—Advt. 