GRANVILLE* CONFIRMATION SERVICE. ON Tuesday evening laBt bis Lordship TBE Bishop of Sydney conducted a confirmation service in St. Mark'it Church, in which he was assisted by tbe Rev. Canon Gonther and the Rev. W. A. Phillips. The regular confirmation service was celebrated, concluding after tbe solemn laymg-on of hands with the hymn " Thine for ever." Twenty-nine candidates were confirmed, nine of whom were married persons. The church was. densely crowded, and the address by the Bishop at the conclusion of the service was attentively listened to. When the finalhymn had been secg, The Primate, after explaining that bos address would concern the privileges and responsibilities of a Christian fife, and quoting a passage from St. Paul as showing the ideal Christian, remarked that they did not require to be less manly ami womanly as Christians, and while tbey retained ell the duties and privileges of human life they had to look forward to something supernatural —something above nature—something Divine. Fonng persons were prevented from coming forward because they thought that to be a Christian they must give up the interests and pleasures of common Ufe and human joys. This was an error. The Christian life was the most manly life—the true womanly life. The great impulses or desires of humanity were—to think, to work, to play, and to love. First, to think, to learn to know what God gave us to know. They should leara all that God had given them to learn, whether from the book of nature or from the book of life. The best Christian was the best student, who would find it. better to know the book of God. Let tbe Bible be a real study for them, and let them study their lives and themselves. They would find that the Bible would light up all human knowledge, and be a key to all its difficulties r and perplexities. As to the seoond impulse— work. God had ordained that the world was not to go on without the work of mnn. All honest, earnest work was given us by God to do, ami they would find that the best Christian was the best worker. But while they had the work to do in their profession or their daily labour, or for their country in political or sociul matters, they had a higher work to per' form, and that was the spiritual work. That work did not merely mean to save their own souls, but to spread the knowledge of God's truth and love and advance the kingdom of God. If they all felt that duty towards the kingdom of God, there was nothing on this earth they could not do, and there was nothing that cculd stand against them. Then there was the impulse of pleasure. They were by no means to pupp&se; that Christians were to .stand aloof from pleasures or innocent joys. They all knew how children were made happier by pleasures arranged by their parents, ana was it likely that their Heavenly Father would interfere with their joys? But th'ey should keep their amusements free from coarseness And bom those things which added dis- mace grace to to men. them. Then men as as to w the we impulse .mpmooUJL of Jove. rove/ He He hoti-ifl hotiSCl they they knew knew what what it it was was to to care care for their homes, * fsrtheir \- - brother, father, sister, • -and mother. And then there Were friendships, which eometimeB were dearest of attachments. Even our Lord had i special friend in the apostle St. -John. All the actions were sabreia things—they - were made by G?3>. But they had a Father who was nearer to them than their -earthly father, and He was in heaven. He was also dearer to them , than any earthly friend, and would chasten them with heavenly love, and could realise all the ties .that bound man to hid fellow man. That belonged to " the Christian life. But there was a higher life; and that Was the . spiritual life and the-power of the Holy Ghost in their hearts to Conform them to the spirit of -Christ and takB them to heaven. They must do this by communion with God, whom they, should-, worship at all times. Let nothing deter them from the 'aervioe of God. They .should, never -let a '.day pass without prayer—asking God's:blessing for the day. his forgiveness before they went to sleep. Then there was another' form of prayer, and that was in their church. They. thould : make time for - taking part in tbe services dur- ing the week, but 'especially nothing should be allowed , to influence them to dese* crate - the .Sabbath. Then there wat the .highest, form of worship—that is, Holy Communion, which was the highest act' of worship in the Church of . God. It was -the nearest communion they had with Christ in this world. He would earnestly entreat them not to follow the example of those who called themselves Christians, and turned their -backs on the church at the time of Holy Communion, which would give tbem more -knowledge of Christ and impart a higher.'spiritual life. They were entering on alugher spiritual life, and he wonld pray God to keep them steadfast in the way. A collection: was then taken up in aid of the Church Society, and. £2 9s wjis. realised. The service concluded with-the benediction. 