Cljt Staitlrarlr. MARCH 11, 1 8 8 (j. The Primary charge op Edward White 92nd Archbishop op Can terbury. Continued, from our last.) The following paragraphs about Religious Instruction in schools might have been written for our selves and every word is golden. " Religious Instruction in Schools. — " Duty of Maintaining Schools. " But no responsibility is so direct " or immediate as that for the institu- " tions in which we awaken, and givo " the first definite systematic training " to, intelligences on which the world " is just opening. If we believe the " Christian faith to be essential to the "true expansion of the intelligence " as well as to a substantial foundation " of morals the responsibility of the National Church for religious in- " struction cannot be estimated, and "the bindingness of that responsibility " on every Churchman cannot be evad- " ed. The quiet abandonment of "religious schools for insufficient or " unworthy motives, and any difficul- " ty thrown in the way of religious " teaching by party spirit, by indiffer- " ence or by avarice will bear very " evil fruit for the next generation. It is a first duty to maintain volun- " tary schools, never to be tempted to " trausfer them if it can possibly be "averted— a duty far beyond that of " church restoration (as it is called) " or church decoration. "And when the change has been al- " ready made the Church has only one " line to follow — humbly, industrious- " ly, and energetically to do just as " much as we are allowed to do. "lam most thankful to believe that " there has been no desire at head- " quarters that board schools should " be irreligious, but, quite the contrary, " a sincere wish to forward religious " teaching. And more thankful still " for the really good foundation on "which many boards insist. No " clergyman may lightly decline, and " many have found high spiritual "reward in willingness to serve " honourably the board schools of " the district for the Master's sake. " But in fact, if we have not in our " national education all that we de- " sire, we have much, as religious " men, to be thankful for ; over and " above what it would be wrong not " to delight in, the gathering in for " education of masses so vast that no " voluntary combinations of citizens " could have touched them. "We have " much, 1 say, to be thankful for " religiously ; we have more than our " fathers had — and we have more than " many of us use. " It is not always a loss to any one " to have to work under restrictions " and limitatious. But the way to "lose what we have is to refuse to " do w hat we might ,siuiply because we "iiei restrictions to be " " hard oil " us." ' Many a teacher may find encourage ment in the words with which a prac tical suggestion, which the least skil ful of them would carry out, is en forced. " May I once again press upon all ,l the great power there is in teaching " their children some prayers by " heart ? It is the one true way of " getting what you teach to enter into " the child's spiritual life-blood. You " perhaps heard of the epidemic a- " mong the children of one of our " western towns, in which many dying "children were the consolers of their " parents, and consoled them by teach- " ing them prayers learnt at the Sun- " day-school. The Holy Ghost, the " Comforter, had assuredly been pres- " ent at that lesson. It is perhaps a mistake to make the children learn a fresh Collect every Sunday, it might be far more useful to select a dozen of those most likely to be helpful, and have them said more often, and it should never be assumed in any class that even the Lord's Prayer is correctly known. Those who read the remarks of the Archbishop on Committees, which we published some months back, will not be surprised at the tone he takes as to the manifestion of " the spirit of counsel ." "Deliberation." — III. The Spirit " or Counsel. " Counsels Apostolic. " Of all Apostolic habits the most " habitual was the usage of counsel. " The Upper Chamber, the House, " the Home of Mary, Jerusalem, An- " tioch, the School at Ephesus, the " Hired House at Rome, were so many " conciliabula and scenes of his de- " bate. How full is the Acts of the " Apostles of mentions of ' Disputa- " tion,' ' Conference,' 4 Reasoning ; ' " and of such expressions as these : " ' they came together to consider the " matter,' ' it pleased the Apostles " and elders and the whole Church,' " ' being assembled together with one " accord,' and the like. How strong " are the injunctions ' to assemble " themselves,' ' to come together in " the assembly," " to be gathered to- " gether with my spirit.' " So essential was this usage of " counsel that, among other divine " gifts, it seems as if the power of " an Apostle to be present in the " spirit, with something more than " sympathy, at great Church acts re- " mote from his bodily presence, were " spoken of as practical experience. " But what certainly is infinitely " more, the moulding presence of the " Divine Spirit Himself, is assured to " His counselling Church while they " debate of things that pertain to life " and godliness, and do not outstep " their measure or mingle the things " of sense with spiritual realities, " mastered by the fleshly mind and " not holding fast the Head." Our circumstances are however so different from those of the Church at home, that the advice given on this point in detail scarcely comes home to us. " The Spirit of Strength " is treated first with reference to Confirmation, and we think our readers will not wish the passage curtailed, Some correspondence which took place a while ago in our columns shewed how some of our laity look and long for this manifestation of the spirit. " Scripture Clear as to the Helps " towards Strength provided 'for the " Individual Christian in an " Intelligent Spirit. '"All we received"' these gifts, "says St. John, appealing to the " Christian society surrounding him. " Whatever vast overflowings and com- " pensations and reparations and " makings-up to losers still may be " about and around His kingdom of " grace, it presents itself distinctly to " the gramatipal and historical student " of the Acts and Epistles that the " course through which it was origin- " ally meant and planned to assure " to each member the gift of strength, " to pervade ajll and to unite all in a " harmony of strength, was through " spiritual powers answering to the ' successive steps of baptism, confirm- 'ation, communion. " First, the principle of spiritual " life, liable, to extinction, needing " care, warmth, light, and food ; then " the added power, the seal of develop- " ment, and the influx of invigoration ; "alter that the uufailing nurture of " the heavenly bread, with the stiinu- " lating gladness of the immortal wine. "Thus wisdom, understanding, " were by the Word : strength — atreugth which implies life — " strength which requires sustenance " — was by sacrament and ordinance " Such seem to be so far the myste- " riously yet certainly described lines " of the order of the Spirit's energiz- "iug within the Church. " No thread of language and history " is more distinct than that which " connects Christ's promise of the " coming of the Paraclete to be an in- " dwelling power in all His chosen " ones with the institute of the laving- " on of hands by the Apostles. Upon " the Twelve He came with a visible " epiphany, as every analogy would "expect. On Christians at large He " came in this plainest simplicity. " I " will send him unto you .... " They laid their hands on them. . . " He fell on them." And ever after " in the letters of the Apostles, such "is the frequency of verbal and " phraseological allusion to the custom, "that, as a scholar since remarked to " me, " confirmation seems more pre- " sent to the earliest Christian habits " of thought than baptism itself-" " It is obvious how easy of malad- " ministration, how liable to misunder- " standing, how subject to misrepre- " sentation, every external rite in a " spiritual dispensation may be. That " under the Gospel there should be " ordinances at all constitutes the " most constant call to the presbyte- "rate to be ceaseless in their other " ministrations and above all unflag ging in their expositions. No irn- " aginable system could demand such " bodily, mental, and spiritual activity. " Hence also under the sagacious dis- " ciplinary order of the English " Church as to the age of confirma- " tion — ' the competent age,' ' the "years of discretion' — the quicken- " ing of the intellectual along with the " spiritual life makes it impossible for " either the recipients or those respon- " sible for them to look upon the invi- " tatiou as a summons to a registra- " tion, or to a formal degree of " membership, or to a ceremony which " ' can make no difference.' Confir- " mation faithfully pressed will either " win over hostility or give it a tan- u gible form. It will arouse the con- " BCience of the adult who has " long suspected that the Crucified " Master expected from him more of " an avowal, more of a decision, more " straightforwardness in the sight of " his neighbours. " Accordingly what should give us " more satisfaction than not merely the " increasing number of confirmees, but " their increasing years, and thechang- " ing tone ? We bear little of ' It is "only a form,' we hear more of the " avowal ' It is too great a cross. I " cannot yet face the ridicule,' among " the poor. ' 1 am not yet prepared " to give my heart so to God,' among " the rich." 