The :measureless Deeps., i tlink?sometimes that the silence' ilf has" a soundless ghost, .A stillness deeper than. ocean, where gather 'thc countless host : Of sades' thont aress shade's" reflections, of glooms that are shades 'of gloodm, " And echoes of -thoughts Unfathmed: which never in words find room. There are thoughts which move at midnight too deep.for a visioni's jonch '; Thereare wavcadeoepdo' down In silence, too S strong for ihe grnsp of speech , And-a mystic Intuition in infinite. depth of Too firto imprassreflections?or shades on a miiortail fae. We know i the silent chambers the beats of a distant-heart,-.. "':!,.:: :.':, : ,,; ., .We hare seen wvith an'inner :.sion: the cur tains of silence part,:::". :''-. :: And far in the shaded distance have read, as The words no sound could utter, addresscd.to an earnest soul;? There are things so deep iand sacred they flee the approach of sound, There are ideas'.pur' and holy no natural hldgerows bohund,, Anid somewhcre, , ell adjosted, unseen, un. heard, intense, "Are the truths which reach us only'thrdugh" a sercnth'mystcrious sense. We hear not, speak notfeel not, yet :we think, and trust, and know, While the viewless mystic currents sweep hby Sin their endless flow, While above the mirrored crystal there flutter the ghostly-wings, And a song too sweet for language its jubi lant anthem brinus., The grandest truth of the ages have entered the heart like this, The things we can never utter producing the greatest biliss; . Mysterious ifituitions,, swift shades of a shadow-thought, Have-.flooded tloe soul with sweetness in miracle wond?gs wrought. We know there are soul vibrations, 'a subtle and glorious bond, Uniting the world material with a something . so far beyond That it reaches us in soul waves, too delicate . " far for touch, That the brightest words are heavy and burden them overmuch. 'So we 'learn its bdentions uwisdom. Its Speaceful currents fl"ow Tdo'far for thereach of evil, too high for the touch of woe, Too deep fof our words to fathom; too soft for the grasp of sound, In a place which God hath guarded with a silence most profound.. Then weloeme the mystic message,.the peace beyond all compare, Toe sweet to be grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer; The sign 'of a higher- presence, a rapture which may not cease Till it reach the great Nirvana and blend Sinto endless peace. A symbol of something coming, revealing some time to be, The ripples of glory lapping the shore of an endless sea : The secret of life eternal, too grand. for the bonds of speech, ' Coniveying a soundless messa e to the wait ing souls on the bi??bh. So the soul receives its message, by a route we may not trace, .From the deeps wherefathomless silence. broods ever in endless space; . Where the finite may not measure, with its puny rule and rod ... The truths which the soul, receiveth direct from the heart of God. J. EDGARi JONEs. 