_EÍL!l^J15Ly_£Ji:_ tORfiERUNfi: A COUNTRY-TOWN CHRONICLE BY JESSIE FOTHERGrILL, Authob of «The Fibst Violin," »Kith and Kin," "Peobation," "The Well FIELDS," AND "HEALEY," CHAPTER II. MAGDALEN AND THE NEIGHBOURHOOD. ..' ß Otho's arrival had been in the early part of October. The intimacy be- tween him and Gilbert gradually in- creased, and the visits ot the friends were not by any means confined to one party of the alliance. Otho was lound as often seated io an old arm- chair m some one of the now faded and shabby rooms of the Red Gables, as trilbert was iu the statelier and Detter preserved apartments of Thors garth. Gilbert and his father lived alone together. They had so lived eyer since Michael, having finished his medical studies, had come back end been made Doctor Rowntree's assistant. -Mr. Langsfcrota was une ot those men who undoubtedly exist, who, by some means not to be account- ed for by any personal charm or fasci- nation, always have either a devoted wife or a friend who seems willing, nay, eager, to give of his strength m ordeno make up for their weak nesaess. So long as his wile had been living, Mr. Laugstroth, had had a prop. After her death, her place, as pi op, had been taken by Dr. Kown tree, an old. « f,iend 0f the family," Whose yellow-washed house, with its green door and brass knocker, stood almost opposite the Bed Gables, on the other wde of the broad old square which formed the west ead of Brad Btane town. Doctor Rowntree had in- deed been one of those friends who stick closer than a brother, who get little and gire much, and who seem quite satisfied as long as they may go on giving, and getan occasional word «ignificative of trust or appre- ciation. Sometimes, it seems as if they could exist without even so much aliment for their regard. It was at his instigation and by his advice that Michael had adopted the medical profession as his calling in life. Something had to be done; their fortunes no longer per- mitted idleness on the part even of the eldest son of the house. Michael was utterly disinclined for the church, and his father for the expense of pre- paring him to eater it. For « doctor- ing,' as they roughly and ignorantly called the healing art, he had always shown a liking; and, as most of his spare time had always beeu spent at the little Quaker doctor's house, it was considered that he had had ample opportunities of judging whether this calling would suit him or not. He had elected lo follow it, greatly te the jubilation of his old friend, and, hav- ing finished his student life, it had been decided that it would be to the comfort and advantage of all if he were to take up his quarters with Dr. ¿town tree, instead oí remaining at.home. " You won't really be separated from them, you know," said the doe tor; "and, being on the premises, you'll get so much better broken into it." Mr. Langstroth agreed. In his heart, he despised the doctor's calling, and was angry and Ashamed that a son of his should have to gain his liv ing by it; but, like many before him, he took the benefits that be hated, and was satisfied solong as they were not put before him too prominentlv. He would have been satisfied *if Michael could have followed his 41 trade," as the elder man contemptu- ously called it, away- from Bradstane and his nobility; but the advantages of the present arrangement were too great and too obvious to be thrown away; there were no premiums to pay. 110 struggle, to make. So Michael to make himself acquainted with the far from easy life of a country doctor. I His temper was sweet, and his spirit | beyond all idea of shame in his posi- tion, or complaint at having to work. He said little, but went to work with a will. Gilbert had all along, and as it were, by a sort of tacit consent of all parties, remained at home with his father, who was now a querulous in- valid with a heart complaint. Inci- dentally, too, as has been said, he devoted a good deal of his time and mind to the contemplation aud man- ipulation of their affairs, family and financial. While Michael had been studying in London, letters had now and then come to him from Gilbert, suggesting that it was advisable to sell this or that farm, this or that lot of timber in the woods which still be- longed to them. To do so would lessen their debts by so much, would ease their father's mind, and increase their income by diminishing the amount they annually had to pay away in interest. To all and to each of which propositions, Michael had been in the habit of yielding unqualified assent, saying that he thought it very good of Gilbert to sit boring his eyes out over accounts, in the days of bis youth. He might as well have con- ' gratulated an old spider on weaving i webs so skilfully, or complimented a shark on his kindness in following that which he best loved-prey, i namely, or, in short, have thanked ' any person warmly for being so disiu- j terested as to find pleasure in follow- ing his natural bent. Michael was very young, and hated all such tasks as those in which Gilbert passed his time. He might bave had Gilbert's i office, and Gilbert his, bad he so, chosen; the option had been given hitn ; but he did not so chose, and it j alwayH seemed to him that his best thanks were due to his brother for i industriously doing that which he j would have so hated to do himself. Interested in his studies, and seeing a | good deal of society, in which he was popular, by reason of his good looks, | good birth, and entire absence of sel- fishness or self-consciousness, Michael often thought what a good old man Gilbert was, and what thanks he, Michael, would owe him, for this sacrificing of the days of his youth to an invalid father and a complicated account book, in a quiet little country town at the world's end. It certainly was a very quiet little town, as it is now, and probably always has been. "Castle Bradstane," says an old chronicler, "standeth stately upon Tese." At the time of which he wrote, he probably literally meant the castle, the grim brown pile which stood on the Durham side of the stream, cun- ningly planted just at an outward sweep of one of its many curves. Gradually it had fallen into decay ; I other houses and a small town had gathered about its feet. Ivy and other creepers and climbers now clung about its fierce old towers. Wallflowers, ragwort, and the ivy-leaved snap- dragon peeped and nodded in at the narrow little slits of windows ; kindly Nature did all in her power to beautify what had been so cruel and so hide- ous, till now the grim old fastness sat harmless al ¿ft, and the river rushed and murmured far below, as of yore. Any one who chooses, may learn how Sir Waiter Scott, with the seer's eye of genius, pictured Bradstane Castle, aud the prospects which from ita " watch tower high gleamed gradual on the warder's eye;" and to this day, the prospect upon which it looks is little changed. Though the stream sweeps by beneath it, laden with the tale of severa) centuries more, their woe and bloodshed, grief and tragic story, yet the outlines of the land it- self, the woods, the hills, must bo .similar to »hat they were when old Leland, looking upon it, recorded, *'Castle Bradstane standeth stately upon .Tese." The inhabitants, who gradually built houses,,and clustered about the old pile and; beyond it, to -the east, had been,, -taken jail iu all, a wild race of people, a border .race» To thbivday they ¿»ire^oJd, sturdy, inda* cities have their great sins, their great faults, wrongs, iniquities ; and we are very much in the habit of speaking in condemnatory terms of them, and of lauding the beauties of the country, and the simpleness and gentleness, and, above all, the naturalness aud absence of pretension in the life there. And, certaiuly, city life, carried to excess, has in it a morbid feverisbaess and unrest which is no true life. Bul in country life, when it is lived in out ot- the-way spots-moorland firms, secluded dales, places far from rail- ways and. trafile-there is often a eejr taiu morbidness, as well as in the life of a town. The very solitude and loneliness tend to foster and bring out any peculiarities, any morbid charac- teristics, and to confirm and strengthen eccentricities and idtosyncracies. One of the good things that much-abused progress will do in time, will be to sweep away some of these ugly old country habits of indolence and clod- dish ness, and selfish, soulless sen- suality, which .still exist, and that sometimes amidst the sweetest and moBt exquisite natural surroundings. At this later time oí which I write, Bradstane was more the abode of con- firmed Philistinism than of anything else. There were a few wealthy and well- born families, who possessed seats in the neighbourhood-Hails, Parks, Courts, Houses-and who shut them- selves up in them, and led their own lives, on no evil terms with the shop- keepers and dissenters vi the village itself, but quite apart and distinct from them. The only one of these houses which stood within theprecincts of the town was the Red Gables, Mr. Laugstroth's dwelling- place. It was a large old house, rising straight out of the Btreet. The land that belonged to it consisted chiefly of farms in the vicinity, and some woods, more dis- tant still. Further out, at a fine old place higher up the river, situated like Thorsgarth, on one of its many ** reaches ," and called Balder Hall, lived an old maiden lady, Miss Martha Strangforth, at whose death, which, said wise report, could not be very far off, seeing that she was older than the century, and a martyr to rheumatic gout, her estate and fortune would pass to a nephew of the same name, ¿our Íears ago, there bad oome to live with er an orphan grand-niece, one Mag- dalen Wynter by name ; a cold, hand- some, self-contained girl of eighteen, who made no friends, and was seldom seen walking outside her aunt's grounds, but who sometimes passed through Bradstane town, driving in one of the Balder Hall carriages, dressed with a perfection of simple elegance which the Philistine inhabi- tants called " plainness," and looking as if, for aught they could say to the contrary, all the world belonged te her. Sometimes she stopped at one of the shops, and then she was treated with respect as the niece of rich old Miss Strangforth. On these occasions, she was wont to give very clear con- cise orders, in a very clear, decided voice, low and geutla, but too monoto- nous to be called musical. Her beau- tiful young face w*s seldom, if ever, seen to smi'e; and yet, one could hardly have said that she looked un- happy, though she might have beeu accused of appear tug indifferent. Once, some few weeks after her arrival, stopping at the stationer's and bookseller's shop kept by Mr. i Dixon, in the main streef ot the town, j the footman opened the door, and she got out, and went into the shop. Mrs. Dixon came forward to attend to her ' wants, and was followed by a pretty j little girl of some ten years old, a child with a delicate skin, small, oval face, straight little nose, brown hair and eyes-all very neat and clear, and clean and pretty. She hid rather shyly behind her mother. " Is tuat your child ?" asked Miss Wynter, pointiug with her parasol at the girl. t"Yes, miss, this is Ada, our only one." " Oh, indeed 1 How old is she ? " "Ten, was a month last Sunday'" " Ah, she is a^pretty little oreature. ¿Does -she goto school ? " ?' 'l i i>^'Ies, miss; *>ut it's her holiday The last words were spoken io the quiet, uninterested tone ia which one says, " What a dull day it is ! " as if they hardly referred to herself, but to something outside her. " Oh yes, rnies, she may go. I'm sure it's very good of you. 8ut I fear she'll be a trouble to you." "Not at all, or I should not have askod her. Would you like to come with me, little Ada?" asked Miss Wynter, turning to the child neither coldly nor' unkindly, but with no change of expression at all-no light- ing' up of her soft, dark, quiet eyes ; not the ghost of a smile upon her tranquil, sculptured Ups At first, Ada hung back; and her mother began to expostulate vith her, saying how good it was of the lady to invite her to go with her. The lady, in the same soft and gentle tone, remarked presently " Oh, she won't understand that, of course. If you will come with me, Ada, I will give you a pretty necklace, aud a ribbon." At this prospect, all hesitation fled. Ada submitted at 'once to be made ready, Mrs. Dixon remarking admir- ingly " fib, but you have found the right road to her heart, miss, and that cleverly." "I will sit here, and wait till she is ready. Don't put on her best frock, or anything of that kind, you know. She will do just as she is." MisB Wynter furthermore promised to restore Ada to her horne and friends late in the evening, but Mrs. Dixon said she had to send her servant to the Balder Hall farm for butter, and she should call for the little girl and bring her back. Ada was perched in the carrage beside Miss Wynter, in which position she was seen of sundry comrades as she drove away. They called to her ; asked her where she was going, and cried " Eh, but, Ada, what a grand lady you are, to be sure ! " Ada took no manner of notice of them, but looked straight before her. *' Why do you not kiss your hand to your friends, and say good-bye to them ? " asked Magdalen, turning in- differently, as she lay buck, also iu difierently, and looking with languid curiosity at the little, flushed face and small figure, bristling with importance, beside her. " 'Cause I'm a young lady, and they are little, common, village girls," was the reply, so unexpected, that even Miss Wynter's eyes were opened wide, and her eyebrows were raised as she heard it. "Iadeed?" she said, "And do you think you are really a young lady ?" " Not like you, yet," was the roply, " because I'm not old enough ; but I shall be sometime. M amma says I'm so pretty I shall be sure to marry a gentleman ; and I'm going to learn French and music." " Oh, indeed !" drawled Magdalen. " You are going to marry a gentle- man. What is a gentleman? Did your mother tell you that, too ?" " ¿abe didn't tell me, but I know," replied Ada. " Well, you tell me. Then, I suppose I shall know too." " A gentleman is rich, and has a large house, and-" '* Does a gentleman keep a shop ?" " No." " Then what is vour father ?" " Oh, I don't kuow." Magdalen proceeded, in a languid, indifferent way, to draw her out. In a very short time Bhe had gauged the depths, or rather the shallows, of Ada Dixon's mind. It contained nothing but shallows then ; it was destined never to contain aoythiug else, hence I forth and for evermore. From that day she was more or less Miss Wynters protegee and plaything. Sometimes the connection flagged ; sometimes when the winter weather was bitter, or the summer heats over- powering, when Miss Wynter was in- dolent, and when Ada was promoted to a boarding-school, there were gaps in the intercourse ; but, the acquain- tance wai'never broken off, and itwaB not withou|its influence on1>oth lives, and on more destinies than} their* sense of the word. He had grown fat by charging fivepence, by a con- sistent practice ot telling many lies during the week, and dilligently re- peating bim of his transgressions and bewailing his 6ins twice every Snuday in the Parish church. That is, be bewailed his sins with his mouth, and wbeuever bewailiug happened to be printed in the Prayer-book ; but he knew much better than the Prayer book what was the way in which to get on in the world, and perhaps, if he bad spoken out his whole mind, cleanly, honeBtiy, would have said that since the Lord, by putting so such competition into the world, had mad? it such a hard business for folk to hold their heads above water, he must' even excuse tnem from doing it in the best way they could. Mrs, Dixon, like a faithful and loyal wife, had aided and abetted him in bis praiseworthy efforts to get on in the world. Tbey had succeeded in their aim, and were respected and looked up to by all who knew them. He was a vicar's warden, au overseer of the poor, one of the best known men in public and parochial affairs ia all the district. He could afford to send his daughter to school ; to keep her out of the shop ; to dress her " stylishly," as they called it ; to give her a piano, and buy pieces of music for her to play upon it ; and all these things be did with a good grace, and looked to Ada .to form an alliance which should be to the credit of 'tiie family and her own glory. There were other well-to-do trades- men in Bradstane, and many who were but ill-to-do. There was the lawyer, Mr. Coningsby, who lived not faraway from the Langstrothe ; there was Dr. Bowntree; there was the vicar, Mr. Johnston, with Mrs. John- son, his wife, and their numerous pro pony. They lived in an old brown house, in a kind of close, near the ' church, with a walled garden contain- ing apricot and plum trees. Other re- ligious bodies were represented by two dissenting ministers and their flocks, and by a Friend's Meeting the bead and front of which was Doctor Bown» tree. These denominations, of course, had churches and chapels in which tbey worshipped. There were some curious old houses in the main street, and ' there was alongand unlovely thorough- fare called Bridge Street, more like a slum than anything else, where the women were pale, and the children stunted, and the inhabitants of which, taken all in all, did not enjoy the best of reputations. One side of this street was built to the river-bank overhanging the stream; and in the spring and autumn, or when thunderstorms pre- vailed, the lower rooms of those house» . would be flooded. Going along Bridge Street, one did not guess how near the river one was, till one came upon an opening here and there-a gully,, or a tunnel, or a narrow, dark passage -and looking down it, one could see the rushing, brown waters flowing ceaselessly on, without haste and with- out rest, from the fastnesses whence they had sprung " Where Tees in tumult leaves his sonroer Thundering o'er Cauldron and High Force.'» . Such was, superficially, the outward', aspect of Bradstane town, when Otho Askain and the two Laogstroths met after their many years' separation;, such it had been tor years back. It was not what is called 'a growing, town,' and whatever drama might be played played within its precincts, its exterior, objective Bide, was not likely to change very much. 