HONKY WITHOUT WORDS-: POLITICS WITHOUT EXPRESSION. '(' English Illustrated Magazine ') It is mure than six years since Lord.Shurbrooke made the painful discovery that his career ns a parliamentary orator was drawing to a cl"su. Emly in the session of 1879, being then in the Hou'o of Commons, he rose to take part io a deba'e i n a vote of. censure on the Government moved by Sir CltarleB Dilke. A great deal was looked for from this interposition, and Mr Lone had evideutally made a special effort to meet geueral anticipation.. He gut along successfully for a quarter of an hour. Then arose the necessity for citing extracts from Blue-books in support of his argument. Taking up his notes he began to search for a particular memorandum, but could not find it. He floundered on for a while, and abruptly resumed his seat. That was his Inst seat iu the House of Commons, and he bat n.-t attempted to tight against fortune iu tbe House of Loids. Oddly enough many of Mr Lowe's contemporaries in the House of Com mons have acceptt d.: their translation to the House of Lords as a eondenma ion to habitual silence. There is Lord Aledore, who, as Mr Bruce, . sometime Home Secretary, was well known in the House uf Commons and a regular participator in debate. He lias net been wholly silent iu the Lords ; but is so rarely heard thai bis Dame is forgotten by tho public. Lord Emly. lute Mr Monsell. Post mast or General in Mr Gladstone's former administration, is equally dumb. Nor does Lord Cardwell speak now that the in tack upon the short setviee has lapsed. Luid Catlingford, the Mr Chichester Eortescue ol eat her times, is more successful in keeping a front j-l-ice. But Lord Alington. who, as Mr Gerard Sturt, once eleciified the House of Com mons and delighted tbe Princo of Wales, who hspjienid io be in the gallery, by a disquisition 'it horre- fiesh, rests' on his laurels. Nor does Lord Lumingtdn (Mr Biliie Cochrane) ever con>- tide to the House of Lords those deep thoughts on foreign affairs with which, in days gone by, the Bouse' of Commons was made peril dically familiar. Lord Wolverton, who as whip in the Parliament of 1868 was not accustomed io make long spiiechos, has naturally subsided into the grave Bilence most popular in the House of Lords. So has Mr Cowper Temple, now Lord Mount Temple, who grows more than ever like the ghost of Lord Palmerston. Even Lord Cole ridge only rarely favours the House of Lotds with one of those e'abnrnte aud bloodless oral inns, dropped in silver-toned notes that may sometimes affect the mind but never touch the heart. In no respect is the physical and material. difference between tbe House of Lords and the House of CummnDS more strongly marked than in respect of the lobbies. Tne lobby of the House of Commons is one of itB most important aud indispensable appanages. Recent regulations have tobbed it of seme of its bustling appeatance. But the fact remains that there are many nights in the session when more real business 's tiansacted iu the lobby of tbe Houbs of Commons than under the eye of the Speaker. The lubby of the Lords is much smaller than that across the way, and ie glorified by a brass gate that ia woith a j urttey tu see. The. principal members of the Commons stroll out into their lobby to talk with each other or wi h friends fr- nt the ou'.i-r world. The L irds never gossip, and save when they come streaming forth after a big division the lobby Ins a deserted, almost ghostly look, intensified by tbe upright rails and hooks |>laced for bats nnd coats. All the peps are labelled, and tho highly-favoured stranger strolling in here will lnuk'with awe upon a big. tather broad brimmed hat on a peg labelled " M-uquis of Siliabuiy ;'' oil a walking-stick which is all that represents the grace.aud court'iueas of Earl Granville ; ou the mysterious cloak attached to the name " Lord Strathr den and Campbell," and reeming to wrap within its dark folds the secret history of European statecraft ; or a time-worn ittvi-rn iihss over which the name of Lord Sherb:oke blinks. Bexry W. Lucy. When Turkish baths were introduced into the United Stat -s, a great many doctors started (hem io one form or another all over the country. One was opened iu Chicago by Dr. Winters. One day a tall lank man came in ; he was at least Oft 2in. high, and, with a frame to carry two hun. fired and fifty pounds, actudly weighed on - hundred and thirty-five. Tho doctor agreed to cure him in six baths at two dollars and a half each. After a Turkish bath lie shut the man up in a glai-s baking-box. There was a litile ther mometer inidcator on the'outside. The doctor took a riewspaper and sat down in the rocking- chair, where he could watch the indicator. When if indicated 120deg. the patient tapped on the glass, " Ia it all right, doc. ?" he asked. " Be cause its mighty hot, I can tell you !" Tlie doctor assured him that lie could stand it up to 190dez. Before the bulb had pus hed the record to 140. leg. lie broke out again, and again the doctor pacified him. The loOJeg. point was juat passed, when the victim shouted out, in a voice of sh- er desperation, "I say doc. ; bring me a fork, won't you V " What do yon want a fork for ?" asked tbe doctor. " I want to stick it into tne to see if I am done. I know I am !" 