DOLLY VANSITTERT'S OTHER LOVER. A GHOST STORY. BY JULIAN H?AWTIORNo.E. ClurrFan III.-Continued, Mr. Vansittert had already made the same observation to ihimself, but iad forborne mentioning the fact aloud, lest he should alarm his, wife. Aftoerdebating the matter, they agreed that they must have left the hall by another passage than that by which they entered it, and that their best plan would be .to return? thithor and take a fresh departure. They faced about accordingly; but it grow evi dent, before many minutes, that they had become immersed in a labyrinth leading everywhere and nowhere. At all events, it led everywhere except in the direction they wanted to go. They speedily lost all sense of direction, and each now turn of the path soeemed to be carrying them further riand further down into a sub-u terrancan world. Mrs. Vansittert,. whi6 was in no 'way fitted for a long walk, and had already passed the safe limits of exertion, began to lean very heavily on her husband's arm; but the passago soon'beoame so narrow as to render walking abreast impossible. Mr. Vansittert went first,.and she fol lowed, supporting heIislf 'as'well as she could on his shoulder. Neither of them felt inclined to speak much. They did not feel terror, but the reali sation of their position produced an emotion of'deep solemnity. "I am glad we are together, Fred," Mrs. Vansittert said once. And that indi= catod the fooling that was nearest to both their hearts. ," By George !" exclaimed Vansit tort at length, " I believe we're got ting back to that hall again ; at least this seems to be-" Before he could complete the son tence, both the torches were suddenly extinguished. This was the more singular, inasmuch as neither of them had been sensible of any draught of air. The flame had simply disap peared without warning and and with out apparent cause. Vansittert had a box of matches in his pocket, and he at once attempted to:rekindle the torches by means of them' But, as he struck one after another, they bursied feebly for a moment 'and then went out. The young American also became sensible tor the. first time of a quality in the air that rendered breathing difficult and produced a sensation of giddiness. This discovory gave him a pang of alarm.'" 'What if they' should be smothered in some mephitic vapour 11 With a vague idea that they would be safer in the spaciousness of the hall, lie caught his wife's hand and drew her forward. But his foot trod on air; hdfell forward and down ward, and lost consciousness. CHAPTER IV. In a few moments (as it seemed to him) he regained his senses, and looked about him. It was no longer dark, though what the nature of the light was or whence it proceeded he could not:toell. It ,was of a pale red-', dish hue, and was equally diffused, revealing a chamber of moderate dimensions cut out of the solid rock, and shaped'in'an oval form, -like the mould of a gigantic egg. There was no visible entrance or exit to this cell ; but near one end stood a tall block of polished porphyry, cut in the shape of a triangular prism, and probably de signed to serve as an altar. This and a long narrow ledge or shelf hewn out of the wall, on which he. himself was lying, were the only objects in the place. Mrs.,Vansittert was nowhere to be seen. _ ThI? appalling fact had scarcely dawned upon Vansittert's still con fused approhezisid when w hoe bocaeo: aware that he was not, as ho imagined, alone. Whence the strange resonceo came he know not; whon he first saw him he was on the other side of the porphyry altar, and was in the act of advancing toward him. Possibly, in the bewilderment of tlfo first moments, he had failed to notice him. The figurodwas of commanding height, anhd was cliadin a lon" habit of coarse dark material,,confined at the.waist, with a cord, and furnished with a cowl, which was :dirawn 'over. the head, and party shaded the face. His eyes had a dusky intenisity of expression thatl fascinated Vansittort's attention; his complexion. was dark, and his features ddnioted strength 'and com posure. The American, however, paid no attentionto these details at the moment. Not unnaturally connect ing the stranger's appearance with the disappearance of his wife, he asked him, very peremptorily, where sho was. The stranger, who was standing within two paces of him, made no reply, but contemplated him fixedly. Vansittort, suspecting some treachery, sprang forward to seize him. But he liands had no sooner touched him than they fell to his sides, strangoly blenumbed iand powerless, and it'the same moment the light in the room vanished, and he was once more in total darkness. Immediately he felt himself grasped with irresistible strength, sis eyes were blindfolded, and he was raised off the ground and borne swiftly forward. In a few instants he was again set on his feet, and the bandaged romoved, He was in an izmense vaulted apartment, hown out of red granite, and lighted from the roof "by a repre sau tion of the sun .and the edbme planots, disposed in a cireular plano of: azure.' The frieze" of this of room was sculptured with designs emblematic" of various Oriental religions, beneath whlich was inscribed in gold a series of sentences in San serit. Tall offigies of the doities of Ind45hlIi1Raelaklea extended from thence to the floor, dividing the walls into panels, on which were wrought mysteermrl diagrams and hieroglyphlic figures. In the contre of,4h?xr·a mogg , fxq a truncated pyramsd? of ?Th a blackf marble, the four sides 'hioaierd eig flights of steps, while upon the truncated surfaco rested earronnrmous sphere of crystal, whic)i.,e~gpceed to absorb all the sple'idi~6{i the reat tomplri.: ' iicrf'ge)g 9 rth agaiin streams o riant largeo urns of,:wrosgTtt silver, from which arose a faint blue stream of in cense, th?:mrag~qnCu ,ofs'hji~h per .mo~tcd the warm atmospheore. And upon the cushions of a divan, be tween two of the urns, lay the form of Mrs. Vansittert, pale, and with closed eyes. Ieor husband ,' .finding 'that his strength had retur;ned to him, wont hurriedly`' forward to her. He knelt beside her, took her hand, and bent to listen for her breathing; but she appeared to be lifeless. The horror and beiwilderment of this moment were fiovor forgotten by Vansittert. But in the midst of his anguish he heard--a grave and melodious voice- tpeaking to him in English, and look ing up, behold the same cowled figure ivo had .lately confronted him in the oval chamber. He was standing on the black marble stops, and the smoke of the incense rising in front of him gave him the appearance of having emerged from one of the silver urns. " Do you find all you seek," in quired. this personage. The calm and gentle tone in which the question was put did not diminish the seeming inhumanity of the taunt implied in it, and the American turned white with wrath. S" Who -are you ? " lle cried out, leaping to his feeoot, " and what have you done to her ? " "We do no evil," replied the other, with unaltered composure. ' This woman has not suffered at our hands, although she and you have ventured beyond the limits proscribed for. the unauthorized. Yet she lies in danger of death, unless help come speedily." The bearing of the speaker. was so impressive with serene power and dignity, and the manner of his speech, as well as the . superb accessories:of the scene,' suggested such boundless resources, both physical and spiritual, that Vansittert could not but recognise his own helplessness under the cir cumstances, and perceive that his wisest course would be to invite the assistance rather than provoke the re sentment of the being who had him at 'such advantage. Moreover, so far as ,he knew, the speaker's disclaimer of responsibility for the calamity might be true. Indeed, so far as appeared, 'the situation, but for his interference, 'might have 'been even worse than it was. "She is my wife," hosaid. "Icare (more for her than for anything else in the world. I am a rich man, and I am ready to give all I have to any one, .who can help her." " The hands that builded this temple and erected this altar have no need of, riches," returned the other, mildly. "What can Ido then? " exclaimed Vansittert. "You are a' man, I suppose; have you no humanity?" S"We study the healing art, and it is a part of our purpose to do good to the body as well as to the spirit," replied the cowled figure. "If you ask our help, it shall be given you, but gratitude as well as charity is wholesome to the soul, and we,'in re-_ turn for restoring life to this woman whom you love; shall require of you something that is dear to us." "You shall have it," exclaimed the American, impulsively; "if it were tho last drop of blood in my body " "What we desire will perhaps never 1be felt .by you as a sacrifico, though your solemn promise.that it shall be givenisnottholess essential. Eighteen years will. have. passed. before we" shall claim our recompense. Before that time you' and she also may have passed into th" agessof, repose which down and fix your eyes upon this those of your faith call heaven." "If you mean a: bequest; that is easily managed,' said 'Vansittert ;. "and you may'take it either to-mor row or any other time. You only have to name what you want, and I 'will give any assurance you please., But what is t ?". "That you shall.know hereafter,". replied the other, ' and by a sign that you will not fail to recognize." What sign, is that?" demanded' Vansittert. "It will be communicated to you on your return to..Benares, where you; will go immediately after leaving here. It is the cipher of our Brotherhood, and will be reproduced upon that, one of your possessions which we shall hereafter. claim of you.. It only re-. mains for you to take the oath. Kneel down 'and' fix your eyes upon this cryVansittert complied, and 'the other, administered to.him a form of. cove 'nant, the ternis of which the Ameri-. can 'never' revealed. 'Then, having motioned to him still to remain upon his knees, the cowled figure mounted the marble steps and waved his hands above the crystal sphere. Immeditely the latter bogan to increase inibiright ness, while the light proceedingfrom: the planisphero in the ceiling dimi nished in the Bame proportion; so that it seemed as if .the crystal were collecting. 'into itself all the bright ness of thetomplo. In a few moments all around was dim and shadowy, and only this contral lustre remained. Meanwhilo the smoke from the silver urnsrolledforthinperfumed clouds and filled the hall, in the gloom of which the American fancied he could partly discern shadowy figures mounting tier above tier, like the myriad spec tators at some gigantic amphitheatre, and all with their gaze directed solemnly' upon him; and murmurs fell upon his ears, and the rustling of garments, like the stir and whisper of :a vast assemblage. The light from tho cirystal sphere was .now concen trated in a singlo dazzling ray, the radiance .of which fell directly. upon the figure of his wife as she reelinqd upon the divan. It grew so. bright that he involuntarily closed, his eyes, and an irresistible languor overcame hIis senses. Thomurmur of yoices be came louder, and swelled into a chant, whlichl throbbed through his brain and charmed it.into slumber. Slowly the light and the sound faded away, as if rbmoved into a greator and still greater distance, and all .seemed a dream, until consciousness itself waned and was extinguished. A hand was laid upon his forehead, and a well-known voice spoke in his ear. He raised his head and stared about him. He was lying near the entrance of the cavern, and the sui shine rested on the landscape boydtid the poi'tals. His wife was beside him, smiling and calling him by name. Was it a dream, indeed ? CHAPTER V. " When Moorfield told me this story (ihicl lhe did in a very colloquinlstylo • Lt.£'T ""I f,?.?%,,-,qt: ,;H-?;?'.A~~ih '~~tt.?';m;-ql I found inyself constrained to ask him several questions. "Do you believe. alhthat ?" was my first inquzry.: . 1 Ol' man,.Yansittort seemed to, whe?i he told it:o nio,'" Moorfield re plied. " I thought that some parts of it sounded steep,.'myself; but, of course, it was none of my funeral." "I guess he must have dreamed nine-tenths of it," I suggested, Moorfiold ksiocked' theash from his cigar. "By-theoway,'".hesaid, "there was a queer point that I forgot to tell you.: WWhen' they came' out of ,the cave they, found 'tlie Whole country was oit after them, ~and ipon makinig inquiriesthey fouhd that, 'hereas it was " Monday. afternoon--when they went in, it was Wednesday morning when they came out. Yes, my Christian friend, there was devilry about somewhere." "' Did anything come out of it?" "'Well, aDolly--Miss Vansittert, I mean-was born about four months afterward; and--~ I don't "know whether you ever saw the birth-mark she has behind her ear, low down?" I shook my head. ." Well- But pardon me I'm. giv ing it to you wrong end foremost. You remember that the fellow in the. cowl had said that the thing he wanted Vansittert'to give'him would befound with the cipher of the Brotherhood upon it ?" " I know." " When Mrs. Vansittert? got to Benares that evening she found some thing round her neck that she never put there herself. 'It was a fine gold chain, and attached to it was a sort of medal with a hieroglyphic stamped on it.`' They showed it to people there who knew about such things, but no body could tell what it was. But a fakir happened to see it, and it' scared him bald-headed. He went down on his knees, and rubbed his nose on the floor, and acted toward Mrs. Vansittert as if she were dynamite. So this birth mark I was telling you of---" "What about that ?" "Is the exact reproduction of the hieroglyphic on the medal." "But," said. I, after some medita tion, "that might all be natural, you know. .... " To be.. sure it might," assented 'Moorfield; '! and then, again, it might not, you know. That is the peculiarity about all .these. things. The. case presents .itself to. me. in this way: If: the mark: on the medal was not the cipher of, the, Brotherhood, what was it? And .if Miss Vansittert was not 'designated as that one of her father's possessions which the Brotherhood meant to claim, then what was ?"' "Where is the medal now ?" " Miss Vansittert -wears it round her neck. I have often' compared the stamp with the birth-mark, and they're as -alike as one pin to another." "At the end of leighteen years, the fellow said. Let's see-1866 to 1884; WVhy, its about eighteen years now, isn't it?"' "And by the same tokenMiss Van sittert is eighteen years old." ' This becomes interesting., But of course ,the whole thing's absurd. What should a lot of jugglers in Thibet want witli a New York girl who wasn't, born ? Besides, her father and mother.are both.dead,.and :her aunt, if I'm not mistaken, is not the sort of woman to- send her niece to India on any such' fool's errand." " If her aunt is'thb, sort: of 'woman, it will be found that'I am not the sort of 'man," rejoined' ·Moorfield, with 'decision, "and I. guess I have some thing to say abdut it.",,'; This was, undeniable, for he had been engaged to Dolly ,Vansittert for ,eight or nine months past, and, .the wedding was to come off' early' in the year.. . "Does Miss Vansittert know any thing about it ? '' I asked. "And believes it, too." " What does she mean to do about it ?" "Well, if she doesn't do anything about it I shall be satisfied." " Did Mr. Vansittert leave any papers ridferring to it, or anything of ithatkind?",.;. ' ,.. . ' None that I ever saw. If he did, though, I.. know who has them, and that is no otherthan our venerable and reverend friend ParsonShenstone, who 'madeMr. and Mrs. Vansittert manand wife, .and is to perform the same kind office for, Dolly and me. He was Mr. Vansittert's executoer, and he knows more about the true _inwardness of this yarn than any other'person alive. In. fact, I suspect he knows more about thohgs in general, including the brotherhood itself, perhops, than any other geitleman 'in tliis pairt of the mniverse. I've seen some queer books in his libraay, and I've heard him say some queer things. And he looks on Dolly as his dauglter, and if there's going to be a fight about her, I should be considerably surprised if Father Shenstone wasn't in it." This conversation took place some time previous to the poker party de scribed in the beginning of my narrative. It left me with the impres sion that my friend Moorfield was more disposed to put faith in the story of the caverns of Ellora than he cared to admit. And when, at the poker party afore-mentioned, some thing.was said about the mysterious Mr. Chesunder having come over here t6 marry a New York heiress, I thought I noticed-: tlht Mloorfield 'changed counteinaice, and it oc curred to ine that, under the' circum stances, 'he might: choose' to'regard tho suggestion from a point of view personal to hiimsblf. This made me curious to form my own conclusions about" MIr. Ohesunder from actual inspection ofh'lim. : f 'o(T . NT aO unen.): ' 