Prom the "Sydney RaEletiu." A "Woman's Reason.—Maid of All Work—"I don't gineraJlj give my reasons for leavin' a place, but if yoti wants to know, I'll tell ye. In the first place, I don't like to sleep with children. In the nest place,- you don't help enough about the work. In the nest place, I only gets seven nights a week out. In the next place, there haint no young gentleman in the fami ly, and-I am dull for company. In the next place* there is too much work. In the next place, you don't pay mfe enough. In the next place, I've been offered more. In the next place' I'm goin' to marry the butcher ; and, in the next place, Vm ar-goin\ a&yhow; 1 .Many of the anecdotes with; which Mr. C. B. Jones enlivens his lectures are fairly new, "and many more are as old as the world, but ail are told;with a easy vim which would draw a; laugh even out of one of the pickled Pharoahs. In his lecture on the 'Mor mons, for instance, he told a tale of Joe Smith, the polygamous founder of the Mormon creed, who, by way of proving the divinity of his; mission, undertook to show off his power of walking on the water. The time fen* the fun having arrived Joe found him self in a rather awkward fix, as be bad neither the' trustingfaith of St. Peter nor the keroseiiCj^aii jboots of sculler Haulau. Baeing his flock, however, Joe declared was ready - to tread water, but explained that it was not only necessary that he should have faith, "kit all present must have faith in his power as well, or the chances were he would strike the bottom. A show of hands was then taken, and all assembled declared they had full faith upon which the artful Joo observed : " As you all have faith in my power it is no use tempting Providence for a sigh "—after which he trooped off with a long-legged elder, who said he knew where there was a "durned^jood. place for fishin'." This is painfully like the anecdote told of one Nasr-Ed die the Hodja, or Turkish abbe, who flourished during the rouseabout days of Timour the Tartar. The first time this Hodja, who was a sort of Babe lais in his way, rose up to preach, , he said: " O true believecs! do you know what I am about to say?" " Yes," Toaredtbe smart congregation. " All right, . then," returned Mr. Nasi* ; " there's no use of my saying anything more about it." Next day, however, the same question was put, and! the people shouted " No," upon which the preacher replied, " Well, if you don't it's no use talking to sucb a set of ignoramuses." On the third day, the faithful determined to corner the jocular Hodja, and when he fired off his usualquiery, the answer was, " Some of us know, and some don't.*' " Is that so?" exclaimed Nasr. " Well, let those who know tell .those who don't, while I go round and take up the collection," Mr, .Tones* second1 at Joe Smith's expense was better, and it turned on the time when the arch humbug entered his pulpit and an nounced that the Holy Ghost would now descend on his head in the form of a dove. As no sign of the dove appeared, however, Joe repeated his announcement in a much louder tone of voice.. This happened for the fifth time, when suddenly a trap door above the preacher's head opened, and in stead of a milk-white dove a coal-black darkey's head was thrust down as the owner shouted: <{ Mass'r, I guess dat descent business won't come off ter day. Der cat hex gone an' eat yer pidgin." And then Joseph came out of that pulpit with the subdued air of a man who had just been rapped over the head with the butt end of a pew cushion. 