Widow Watson. 1 By R. P. WHIT W OR VH. A wet Christmas. Ton know what that means on the diggings. It means hot, mnggy weather, mud up to your knees ; damp, dirt, and discomfort generally. But it also means . a Dig wasning up, ana consequent ptenty ox gold, with its concomitants, drinking, gam bling, riot, disorder, and devils' dance gene rally that characterise the diggings, or rather, did characterise the diggings of, let us say, twenty years since. What a dark yet lurid shadow the early days on tne gold-fieldB seems to cast over the memories of those who have lived long enough to recollect them. The days of easy getting, and reckless spending, of desperate toil and mad revel, of hardships and danger, and thought less waste, of crime perhaps, and Buffer ing. And yet from out of thoBe dark days, from amidst those bands of careless and lawless adventurers, ever now and again, shine out vivid gleamB of God's own sunlight, that show all the more brightly for the murky clouds by which they are environed. Suoh an one, of many I have known, occurs to me now. A wet Christmas, or, rather, Christmas Eve, on the Walhalla diggings. There bad been a week's rain, and Stringer's Creek and the Thompson were running bankers to the lakes below. The rounded hump of Mount Baw Baw loomed hazily through the light drizzle, looking all the miles he was distant instead of, as he was wont in fine weather, appearing almost to overhang the valley on the Bteep hill sides of whioh the miners sought their rich treasure. The roads and tracks, suoh as they were, were covered with a thick layer of yellow mire and Blush, and all nature seemed as miserable and dejected - as she usually does under such conditions. In the afternoon, however, the rain partially cleared off, and ithe sun even got a chance now and again to lighten up the prospect with a tearful smile. But melancholy as everything looked out side, within doors there were very high jinks indeed, and the sound of revelry, not to Bay devilry, impregnated with the fumes of to bacco and the odor of rum, and fringed with a garniture of choice digger blasphemy, is sued from every hotel and shanty in the township. In a word, money was plentiful, the men were in high spirits, and Bullooky Ben, the burly landlord of the " Pick and Shovel," who was usually of a grumbling disposition, waB heard to deolare that there hadn't been such a "roust up," since held been in the country. Drinking, swearing, smoking, dancing, singing, quarrelling, and, above all, card- playing, were in full blast, and poker, euchre, cribbage, Yankee Grab, and other devices, by whioh the unholy alliance of gamblers and shanty-keepers ease the miner of his hardly won gold, went merrily on. Why try to describe the scene further ? Those of the olden time who have been in it and of it, will easily realize it, thoBe who have not, never can. That afternoon, or rather, evening, just as the sun was giving a farewell glint, prior to going to bed beyond the Western ranges, the slosh, slosh of a heavily shod man, might have been heard leisurely tramping through the wet scrub and deep mud, from the direction of the Tubal Cain mine, and making for the township. Presently he emerged from the bush into view. He was a big, stalwart fellow, black-bearded, and em browned by exposure to the sun and weather. Hard-handed, hard-featured, with that far off, yet determined, almost defiant look that tells so surely of the stern battle of life . fought yet not always won. He waB clad in the inevitable slouched billy-cock hat, a rough blue jumper, and moleskin trousers stained with slush and bedaubed with clay, he looked the very picture of what he was, a hardy, fearless, rough a%d tumble old time digger, equal to either fortune, and ready at any mo ment either for a feast or a fray. Curly, for that was the soubriquet by which he was mostly known, was indeed a hard case, honest indeed, industrious, and true as steel, but somewhat, it is to be feared, of a hard living, hard swearing, graceless reprobate, a type, in short, of a class of which there were so many in those days. As he came down the hill and approached the fallen tree which served as a bridge over » the yellow rushing creek, a sudden, heavy downpour of rain caused him to turn aside for shelter, in a little Bhed attached to a small slab hut a little way back from tbe track ; and, without intending to be an eavesdropper, his could not help overhearing what was being said in the sorry dwelling. By-and-by his attention and his curiosity were aroused, and as by moving a little, and peeping between a slit in the logs, he could see without being Been, he looked in. The room was meanly and scantily furnished, and by the empty fire place, seated on a low stool, was a woman of some lhirty years of age. She had a gray, faded, sorrowful look, the sad, wan look that patient resignation to evil fortune stamps on the face so certainly, and alas, so indelibly, Leaning on her lap, and gazing intently into her face, was a little boy, barely a baby, hardly two years old; and, on a roughly constructed bunk of sap lings, sat two other cnildren, girls, of about four and six respectively. They were the widow Mrs. Watson and family, the widow and fatherless children of Harry Watson, an industrious miner who had been working at the Long Tunnel, and who had been accidentally killed by the fal ling of a tree, eighteen months before. The company had buried him, and had done something for the widow; certainly, but oh 1 so little for her needs, and she had eked out a living by washing and doing needlework ; but she overtaxed her strength, and had long been ailing, and as she was very reserved, and never paraded her poverty, she seemed to have dropped out of mind. " I'se doin' to hand my 'tokin' up fo' Fanta Flaus to put Bumfin' in, den we's have a dood dinner, eh,, mamma ?" the little fellow said, as Curly peered in. The widow's eyes filled with tears, but Bhe made no reply. " S vnta Claus doesn't come so high up in these ranges as we live," said the elder girl. «; Yes he does," said the younger, " dop't you remember, once, at Christmas, he put something in our stockings. I got a bright new sixpence and a doll. But that was be fore pa died." , . "I'sedoin'to be a big man soon, I' is," said the little boy, bravely, " den I'se doin' to be a didder 'ite pa, and 'den I's det p'enty money an' fings. Isn't I ma ?" " Oh children, children," said the widow, choking back a sob, and smiling, or trying to smile through her falling tears, " we are. . . poor, very poor, but never mind, we'll be better off some day, and then — and then — " But the poor woman fairly broke down, and wept silently. "What mates you always try so, ma 1" asked the little fellow, gently stroking the faded face with his chubby hands. " Oh, my darlings, my poor, innocent, help less little ones, you'll break my heart with your prattle. I cry because I have no food to give you, hardly any firing, no money, no anything. A little dry damper, that is all. When that's gone. God help us." "God will help us, mamma. You have often told us so, and you always Bpeak the truth," said the elder girl, caressingly, and clasping the widow round the neck, and softly L tt D J TIm Vtnnnvn . Kissing lib £ JUCQlUcB 1 Hi uuv am least, not very." J Curly could bear no more. He made once as if he would have knocked at the door, buH after a moment's hesitation,1 he turned away. The " Pick and Shovel — matter of that, every other .in the township — wasdoingHH . that evening, and Bullocky Ben, his wife, Jim the barman, Moll Dowd, the big, red- haired servant girl, and Hoppy Joe, the odd job man, was as busy as they could be, reap ing in the golden harvest. The bar was full, the parlor was full, so was the long dining- room, so was the kitchen, The atmosphere was thick with tobacco smoke, the noise was uproarious, as Curly strode in from the mud puddle that did duty as the main Btreet. " Hello, Curly I" shouted Long Ned the packer, as he caught sight of Curly's face in the doorway. " Where you been 7 Darn me if you don't look as scared as if you'd seen a ghost." There was a lull in the hubbub, as every one in the room turned to look at the new comer's solemn oountenance. He did look scared enough, in sober fact. "Boys," said Curly, impressively, "I have seen a ghost, and such a ghost as I can't say I'm sorry for seeing. And it's fetched me, you bet. Fetched me up all standing, as a feller may say." There was a dead silence, and someone asked : " What have you seen 7" " A ghost, mates. The ghost of days long gone by. The ghost of forgotten things. The ghoBt of undone duty. The men looked at him, and at each other in surprise. Even the card players suspended their games. "Boys," he went on, "I've seen this blessed evening what's brought the salt water into my eyes, and by George 1 I ain't 'ashamed to say it. You all remember poor Harry Watson, as was killed at the Long Tunnel two year since oome June 7" " Yes, yes." " Well, I happened to be passing the Widder's this afternoon, and turned into the lean-to to shelter out o' the rain, and there I see and hear summut as laid me out, knocked the sawdust clean out o' me. There was that poor oreatur' a-sittin' cryin' over them fatherless babbies — cryin', mates, o'count of havin' no food to give 'em. Think o' that, boys, this bleBsed Christmas time, and no food to give 'em. I couldn't stand their in- noeent talk, by George I couldn't, I had to out and run. If I hadn't I should ha' blubbed right out. Now, you've all heer'd o' that Santa Claus as bring things for kids on Christmas eve ?" "Yes, yes." "Very well. This 'ere'B Christmas eve, and we've had a good washin' up, all on us. Now, what I mean for to say is this 'ere, that Walhalla's not goin' to be played so low down on as not to have a Santa Claus of its own. And that Santa Clause is goin' to the Widder's this very night, on the quiet, as it were. We ain't a mean lot o' Bkunks on these diggin's, not as I knows on. There's my hat, and there's my pound note in the orown on it. Anybody can cover it as likes." , Bendigo Sam, the biggest rough and bully, and the most inveterate gambler on the held, rose quietly from the table, saying in, for him, a wonderfully soft voice : " Put down your cards, boys, I'm in this I reckon. There's my pound. Who's next 7" There was no need to ask. In a moment Curly was surrounded by a sympathetic orowd, and noteB, gold, and silver were poured into the hat as if by magio. "PaBB it round here," called someone from the bar, and the Pactolean stream rolled in. " Pass it round the township," cried one enthusiastic contributor, " I reckon we mountain boys do things right up to the nines when we do 'em at all." And it was done. Some gave in money, some in kind. The . affair by some means had spread through the place, and all gave something, the result being that Santa Claus must have had a very big pack indeed to hold half the offerings of these rough and ready, but generous, dwellers in the wilder ness. Tue township appeared to be oppressed with some great and profound secret all that evening. Men who met in the hotels, stores, or street, whispered to each other myste riously, or conversed in low, solemn tones. Even the card players at the taverns seemed to be preoccupied, and Bendigo Sam twice made a misdeal , a thing he had never before been known to do within the memory of his oldest acquaintance. Quarrels were made up, old friendships which had been severed, renewed, and, singular to relate, for the first time in the history of Walhalla, the eve of festival was allowed to pass without a fight, or a solitary individual being "run in" to the police oamp. It was as if the inhabitants had had premonition of some vast, moral earthquake or volcanic erruption. \- At a little after midnight half a score of stout fellows, each loaded up with a package more or less bulky and weighty, might have been seen moving stealthily along the valley in the direction of the widow's residence. The rain had ceased, and a watery moon shone in the firmament, now visible, now obscured by the driving scud overhead. There was not a sound save the harsh brawl ing of the swollen creek, and the querulous whimper of some belated 'possum in the dis tant buBh. Noiselessly they approached the log cabin. All was silence, all darknesB. Noiselessly they laid down their burdens at the door under the little overhanging porch, and as noiselessly they glided away again, fading out into the semi-darkness like so many shadowy spectres. Meanwhile the children slept peacefully, dreaming, it might be, of the angelic quire Vioilnd f ho natal daw r>t fKn f'nd nhtld with exultant carols of transcendent sweet ness more than eighteen centuries before. Slept, each with its little stocking pinned above its head in childish faith in the dear old legend we all know and love to teach. The hours of darkness sped. The bell bird and magpie hailed the advent of the sacied morning with the metallic music of their joyous notes. The rosy blush of dawn spread over the eastern sky, lighting up the peakB that rose tier after tier in the grey dis tance. 'The fresh crisp wind rustled the leafy screen of the lofty gums and the sweet scented wattle blossom, and the mother rose from her lowly couch to prepare the meagre morning meal with the moisture in her eyes, and the dull aching of blank despair in her heart. No need for her to look into those poor little stockings hanging at the bed's head. No need to wake the little sleepers to the dis appointment that must come too soon. She went quietly and silently to work, built up some kindling for the fire, then opened the door to get a stick or two of wood from the Bmall Btore in the Bhed. Great heavens I what was this 7 Was it a dream 7 Was it a mockery of the senses 7 Was it witchcraft 7 A heap of packages huddled into the door way, and on the topmost one a card securely sewn, and bearing the inscription: "The Widow and children Watson, from Santa Glaus." She staggered back into the room, and, in a voice that seemed scarcely her own, called on the little ones to wake and see this marvel of marvels. Marvel of marvels indeed. Wonder beyond all wondering. The very embarrass ment of riches. The children had never seen anything like it 'before. Flour, tea, sugar, butter, cheese, bacon, a fat goose, tinned, meats — why go on enumerating. There was everything human eye had ever seen, or human heart could desire. Food of all kinds, materials for clothing, Buch few toys as the township could afford, poor things enough, but, to them, of priceless value. And, last of all, the little boy came to a small parcel carefully stitched up in a piece of canvas. "Here mamma," he said, "he's a ickle heavy one, I tan't 'ift it." The mother raised it from the ground. It was heavy, very heavy for itB size. On opening it what kaB her astonishment to find it filled with ey, paper, gold, silver of all denomina- heart was full. darlings, " she cried in an estacy " we shall never know want Burever, Kneel down with me and pray God's best blessing on those who at this festive season have not forgotten to remember the Widow and the Fatherless in their affliction. Yea, and they shall be blessed. Amen, and Amen. Behind a clump of bush, not very far dis tant, might have been seen the stalwart form of Curly. As she fell on her knees, and lifted her pale face to heaven, he flushed red through his bronzed skin, turned awkwardly away, and slunk quietly through the bush as if afraid of being detected. Let us go with him, and leave Widow Watson to pour out her soul in gratitude to the One who reigneth eternal in the heavens, and whose mercy endureth for ever. 