II Local Items. OURSELVES—With our next issue, will be given a four page Christmas supplement consisting of an article on "Christmas Mor- alities," " A Christmas under Difficulties," a "Twoomba Ghost Story," and a "Garland of Christmas Carols." We had hoped to present our readers with an illustrated large sized calendar, but the pareil lies beneath the waves, engulfed with the ill-fated Keilawarra, The order has, however, been repeated and as soon as they come to hand, they will be at once sent out. A NARROW ESCAPE—Mr. McKenna, plumber, of Sandgate, had a very narrow escape during the week from a serious acci- dent. In carting a case of galvanised iron from the railway goods shed, down Rainbow- street, he had omitted to raise the end of the case, so that that the horse would not be touched by it. Of course the horse began to kick, and Mr. McKenna who had no proper seat was thrown off, and one of the wheels passed over both legs. then the horse bolted but, luckily turned off short by Mr. Hale's shop, and was brought up all stand- ing, by the railway fence. Mr. M'Kenna was none the worse for his spill, save a few bruises, but the cart suffered some damage and the harness (a new set) was considerably knocked about, and will require Mr. Arnold's services to set it in order. THE BOROUGH VALUATOR—A corres- pondent writes questioning the right of the Borough Council to appoint a valuator with- out first advertising the same. A valuator is not a servant of the corporation but is a person who enters into a contract with the corporation to do certain work. By the 161 clause of the Local Government Act, we find it is not necessary to advertise at all unless the contract entered into amounts to £100 pounds or more. In this case the remuneration is only £50. In every way Mr. Lascelles is well fitted for this most important duty, having considerable experience as town clerk, and he will thus be able to avoid the gross errors of his predecessors. We venture, to prophecy that the ratepayers will be agreeably surprised when they get their rate notices next year. Whatever Mr. Lascelles' failings may be, he is level headed and open to common sense convictions, so we may rest certain this coming year we shall have no such exhibition of valuing as we had last year. . iaiid rector, chair and fryer, ex- dw/elluig.m ville.ańa,thej» sen.étidseco the rectorbe trustees purpose ofo 1 on a.Sunday; & that thé'first in the bemg_the aemecs mil then abrcpared' ïjâfter an ii&gresultit.; er a£ońgregaof "England itiaù, Nssh- •jMr, T. Beat That With the for the .'building " to the the.iUBe tor prp • .entSfSO ©o'clock proximo; ifeenewyear. A he beldreguiarly every Suhdây alternafcéW, ai ^ au «ad..S- p.in. After the bèiiWMi fcfortoriouticed, the meeting thén «ajfitirnbd tift Thursday ev(Bniflg,23isd rosfc^ jifc.S p m OPEN THE POETS —The following well aa.&evtto;àt6d anèedote 1b very suggesti re the prohira that the danger of i and, q uaran - I prohibitibn ïreboarfrom ^Inspector of ane> to land him, • fruitleas^ffbrtsto dbtaui' withdrawal of the $rohibltwn. &sawthe; animal would have to sail forEnglandagaih as jsoon as the ship cleared outwards. :~8o I bought a black Berkshire as ntar huttwe.aa I could get and had him carted to a quiet place on Sandridge beach at aquie$hour. A boat was in waiting, and toîttîfjîflinm out t6 the ship, put bra aboard co usure berth,- and soon af te styp ut łfó* aboard next day 4 hesuspectedtbe^j if he -did not .watt not «eem easyinJ Barhhtrt had Hadthe ports» stnetumathiss ha*f occurred, a n^pet promwe ports. to Victoria : pneumonia:' and-mouth i for a fame, whether, bystrinc traductions beenprere Itiswel but_ VÎclïh^ereéjfê nttfer stxKngera,' «iwc - -«ffenk- łiBL for a pound er; ov«rit.ThfeJi~ The*e were ł pink, angels? colours «T jttii food, but dŁncaMhpg whydidjln*' 1 - attend «o f However, liave 12UL of course,^ ation, we i fcjlfttp Me new-chum f-vthe latter ashore, L' very comfortable j.mepector came v days, as . „ «Utepęd away > wellj jft&dhe; did mported mad" —, ,^-jpër reslandingcould not ihw^łlong taken amtaud^gclóBed ; we are indebted t^^łŁStmt- Quoting there "lyarise ibltiouand iiianmtfoe.lbein- 'cońht not have — " ' ' Imrsdayevening > h&dan; assembly ifflallj to celebrate râtet season. It was but lor all that jlîtïAway. merrily^ i had annotmced his' loratng. :. The hall iw.wjtliflagBand ferns, jt^^'^sAfieni pit-' l^jg-^nnlimited 1 ^ .drinks The îCbçitter, and "or eUsp fo, and Mwaya yâppr, Jhótłgh ISTiW.* tibmmàbootmaker, .Kate.street ; D. J. and content ^ldividual- Chîlde, " ' ^ " ehttouriceitiwnames '«f .... „ iir . ;r à» rtheresàïi more .than the required number of. caudidates, apoll will be trtm on ^iiesdiy, îiSflî iûfet/,atplàc€st<Sbfeherékfter nąmća. ST. NICOLAS 1 CHUBCB.^-A ^Confirmatibn service ;will be Ueld ou Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at 7 o'clock. Conies of thé service ąnd hymns will be supplied^, ; We underatatid that the Biéhop expects tb receiVe thé collection in the ; occasion in .aid of bis MUsion Clergy Fu'nd ; but weiare of opinion that the ; work , in Saudgate is of ąuch a, character as not to warrant taking any of our litOè resources from us, and tlie best way twobviafce th» dtfficiflty tfould be ïdr the meinbfers of the congregation 'to m&ko; « i i 6 -r ; 'iffR^S? the-morning . servjpe, and thus npl.allovr the church to suffer loss. Thfe Servîèés ' on CHristmàs Day will " be Holy Communion at 7.30 a.m. Matins ànd Holy Communion at -11 -a m. ! SCHQOL OF A&RA;^P/EOPIÊ ar<S bfeginnirig to ask, when, oh, when Î is the Building Committee going tó gi ve a hint of theirs vitality by getting plans utid Bpecifica tionof the proposed School of Arta, and call ing for tenders for the erection of the same,! " The'hours creep on apace j " better by far strike while tlić iron is red, and the public have some interest in the • matter. Besides, the very fact of the piles being'driven would help to briugin subscriptions, for then the residents would be satisfied that business really, was meant this time. We understand that something like £200 is promised already ; surely that ought to spur on theseBIOW coaches to action, and that promptly. WHO ADTHOKISED IT?—Lagt year, when M"r. Cooksley was Mayor of Saudgate, there was a terrific row'raised about a road he caused to be made adjoining the Hon. J. E. Dickson's property at Brighton, without proper authority. This road oost £60 or £70 to make. We fehould like to know by whose authority was it that the overseer of works lately ciit a canal through it which renders that road utterly impasBable on foot, on'horseback, or by vehicle ? If he did it out of his Wn head, we consider he had no earthly right to do it. Granting that private land adjoining would be flooded, we fail to see that to benefit any individual, however exalted a position he may hold, a public road, made with public money, and for the public convenience, should be destroyed, and to restore which will require from £15 to £20 more outlay. Alderman Coward asked .the satile or a similar question at heads this par. at the laBt Council, meeting, The Mayor s answer was anything but satisfactory, and doubtless but that Mr, Cóward was hardly in condition to follow the matter up then, we : should have heard more about it. We çan i^uite appreciate Mr. Maxwell's, desire to'finish his year of office in peace and qnietness ; at the same time, it is just as well- to let the ratepayers - know how many bosses there are on board the ship, so we hope Mr. Coward will make,it bis OUBInèss to find out all about it. at ^he ne^ct meeting. JMXJINU By EESDŁTS.—On judging milchcows by results the Queenslahder says : "In offering a prize to be competed for at the next exhibition of the National Association, for the beBt milch cow, to. be judged by results, Mr. Gill, of the Moreton Mau,' takes a sensible view of the best means of encouragingimprovementin our dairy'stock. Judging dairy cattle by points has failed in Eńglan^.,. where the services of any number ofprao tical breeders ai» available. How much more is it'likely to fail here where societies have the utnost difficulty in Securing men as' judges who even profess an intimate" knowledge of dairy cattle ! At the jLast «how. of the English Dairy Association it was a remarkable fact that niat one of the ten cows which gave the largest quantity of, and richest, milk had been picked by the ' ' point" judges. It is no use blinking the fact that many of the dairy cow» introduced into, Queensland within the past twë yeara from' New South Wales, Victoria^ and New Zealand, and sold a* Ayrshire*,'have proved utter counterfeits it the paiL : Whether this has been the result of .the milk-secreting qualities having become latent by long disuse, or whether the pedigrees^ trhich tracé back to some pf the best milking atraihs in Scotland, have been râfinu&çtâred for the occasion, it is difi^ùlt te say ;: "but the fact remains that as milkers many of them cannot compete with ordinary bush cows picked up in the Brisbane yards for a few pounds. The milking test, H carried out as it ought " oniy in the showyard but also in yard, .would soon result in a vement in our dairy cattle, [est tb tiiè fument wid dairyoreton that ijiey establish a dairy cattle, On the same the ;American Trbtting Uotte Stuà'Bbë'l^toaking the record oi the animals,* instead of pedigree, the test, of iond tiiat nolrallsbe flash^b 