DOLLY VANSITTERT'S OTHER LOVER. A GHOST STORY. Br J3vrLAN IIAWTIron'E. CluirnTa IX.-Continuod. " The experience of her father and mother in the caves of Ellora was the beginning of a scheme which has been ripening ever sinco. The society of which Chesunder is the representa tive, and the very oxistence of which would be denied by most people, is in need, in order to the proper conduct of certain researches and deeds which they comtomplato, of a subject or medium of a very excep tionat-I may say unprecedented organisation. You know the event which preceded Dolly's birth; the consequence of that event is that as regards certain elements and ton doncies of her mind and spirit she is congenitally the creature of the society. Tlhpy have a hold upon her which is rooted in her very nature. Heor temperament would in any cases have predispoced her to abner mal experiences; but the magnetic influences brought to bear upon her in the earliest stages of existence render her peculiarly subject to this Thibetan circle. The oath they exacted from her father is .only.another indi cation that they were resolved to omit no means of tightening their hold 'upon her." ." I:ought to fool. flatterod by their evident dependence upon her," re marked Moorfield. "I will say that no man ever had a more dange orous rival than you have," said Mr. Shonstono. '"What was the object of that affair this evening ?" I asked. " Simply another link in the chain they aro forging around her. The girl is already in magnetic accord with Chesundor. She is aware of him by other senses than physical ones." I remembered what she had said that evening about her perception of Chesunder's presence, and I could not but fool startled. "`The illusion which he practised upon us was strange and impressive," continued the old gentleman; "but it by no means represents the extent of the powers with which he is endowed. It was based upon a comparatively simple occult principle, one phase of which is commonly practised by our .own scientific men. The special ap plication of it, however, was sugges tiveo; and it brought Dolly much nearer to her fate than she was before." ".You've shown us the bad side; now for the good side," said Moor field. " What is your plan of cam paign against Chosunder and Co.?" "Whatever it is, you will have to. play amain part in it." Count me in, every time." " The first thing to be done is to got exact information "as to Chesundor's future lilanis and movements. I have boon able to arrive at nothing more thali generalities. But we must have the day and the hour. There is only one means of obtaining them, and your.co-operation, Mr. Sarcoy, will be indispensable." "Go ahead!" said Moorfiold. \- "ully, ..- w -ell know, io unjft to nervous headaches and hystoric attacks. Now am I right in thinkir" that you have occasionally reliovei her by magnetic passes P' "Yes," said Moorlield ; "I have puth lieh to sleep in that way occa-. sionally." "Very well. That simplifies the matter. I should not have been wi;ll ing to experiment upon her myself, and of course we could have called in no third person. But since you have already established that kind of rela tion with her, and sincoe-. But, by th6 way, this is a most vital point, and you must pardon my asking you a very direct and personal question." Here the old gentleman. faced squarely toward Moorfield, and con templated him with a searching glance, " Do you love this girl as a man. should love a woman-with all your mind, heart, and soul, honour ably and unreservedly ? " "I do, sir." s " If I had not boon sure of it, my * dear boy, I should not have brought you here to-night. Now, then, my plin is this. We must arrange for a scance with Miss Dolly. Of course she is to know nothing whatever of our e intentions. We three will be ,present. I have found a trio noces sary to obtain the best results. You w illpu.t her into the magnetic trance. Then?elavo the rest to me." "'You mean to fight the society -with their own weapons ?" said I. ": hat is just it, sir; and I expect the result may surprise you. After the experiment is over, we shall know better what to do next. Meanwhile, * of course; she is to be kept as much as. possible out of our: Oriental friend's way. That's all our business for,,to-night, gentlemen. As a gone ral thing, I disapprove of these prac tices; buit we must do what we can; and, to my thinking, the best defence against the machinations of onchan tors is the magic of love." CHAPTER X. A few, days afterward Mr. Shen atone and Icealled at Mrs. Trafalgar's. Mrs. Trafalgar. had' gone out, but Dolly was. within and 3Moorfield was with her. All this, of, course, had been arranged beforehand. ' After talking on several matters for a few minute, fr. Shenstone said "Dolly, mydear, youldon't look well. What ai you! ._ "I'hveo littl headache,I-believe," : M,' h'ich I Was about to remove : whe: ;,whenyou-came in," remarked 0Moor field. SDon't let ursdterrupt you," said I. ', .By no means," added Mr. Shen atoni'. :"O, it'sdof no consequence," said DDolly. "However," she added, "it -a ould take only a few minutes, and perhaps then I should not fool so stupid. Will you, Moorfield ?" foorfield rose, stood facing her for a:moinent, and then, raising his hands, Smade a slow pass downward, allowing ..he-tis of.his fipgers to-pass within-a fe inclieisi ofhie face. After two or, three of these passes the girl's eyes closed. In less than five minutes she was thoroughly entranced. Mr. Shon stone and I approached and looked at Lcr. " Spoak'to her," said Mr. Shenion a to me." "Ask her if she is asleep." I complied; but Dolly made no re ply, though I had spoken loudly. "Now, Sarcey, will you oblige me by going to the further end of the room, and asking her, in as low a voice as possible, any question you pleaseo?" Moorfiold did as he was requested. What he said neither Mr. Shenstone nor I was able to hoar, but Dolly immediately replied, "It is gone; I; feel no pain now." "I asked her how her headache was," explained Moorfield, returning. "The conditions seem- to be satis factory; now to .business," said the old gentleman. " In the, first place, take off that necklace. We? need it for our inquiry, and it might incommode us where it is." Moorfield removed the necklace, and gave it to Mr. Shenstone. "Now," continued' the latter, "you. will ask her the questions that I shall communicate to you. Keep as cool as you can, and try not to think of anything outside the present affair. Here, take the necklace, and hold the gold medal in your hand. Ask her if she knows what it is." "What is this, Dolly " said Moor field. "It is the medal I always wear,'. she replied, in a low, even tone. Tho dialogue then, proceeded as follows, Moorfield asking the questions, as prompted by the clergyman: " Who gave it to you ?" ",My mther." " Froin whoim did she receive it ?" After a pause she said, " I can not answer the question as you put it.'. " Was it the gift:of any particular person ?" " No." " Of a number of persons ?" ," Yes." "Who are they ?" She seemed to make several efforts to reply, but at last said, "I am not allowed to say." "What prevents you ?" "Something that touches my life. I can not speak the names any more than I can look into my own eyes. It is a part of me." We had some consultation as to the next question. At last it was put in the following form: "Have you lately seen anyone con nected with the- persons referred to ?" " Yes--yes-yes ; at least, there lias been a connection." "W hat was it ?" "Mr. Chesunder." "Is ho what he appears to be ?" " No." " Can you find him ?" "I can try, but it will be dan gerous." "Will the danger be to you ?". She hesitated, and at length said: "There is danger that he willbe aware of my presence. If so, he might pre vent what you are attempting.!' " Take, her hand," said r. Shen stone to Moorfield. " Give her your whole support and sympathy. Now ask her if she can venture." The answer came, " Let us try." " Do you see him now ?" " I see what you seek. But it is' an emissary-a messenger-not what he see ms." "' .or conveoniuoC0e0e Will, call him r?r. ChesundeN. Whoro is he ?" "At thle - hotel.', "What is he doing?' ' "Nothing; he is in his room. He is-de-ad., . S"Dead! What:do ou mean? ' (This question was not prompted by Mr: Shonstone.) " He is not animated by those who sent him. l He is like, a torch, when it is not lighted. I can not explain it better. He only lives forthe errand on which he was sent." "Can yofi see what that errand is?" 'Yeqs; it is for me. Be careful or he will be aroused." " How will the errand be carried: out?." ? . " I shall be taken away.: I shall be carried to the place from. which I came." " Is it'to hiedone by force ?" "I shall go secretly, and as if of my own will." "Will not 1Mr. Chesunder accom pany you?" ".Yes. No. :Bothare true. I can not explain." "How willyou go ?" "By traii to Mexico.; thence to the coast, and by steamer to-. Be quick! They have discovored us'! He will return to life !" "What is the day and hour of your departure ?" "Next month - no! at once! Awaken ine, or-- uick, 'or it will be too late!" Moorfield hurriedly reversed the passes; but there was evidently a struggle going on in the unconscious girl to prevent the return to the normal condition, the singular part of which struggle was that the op posing element did not seem to be anythlng belonging to .herself, but something alien and hostile to her as well as. to us. Once. or twice she spoke in a voice unlike her own-reso nant and masculine; but the words were uttered in a language unfamiliar to us.' At last, however; with a hoarse, sigh. that was almost a. groan, she opened her eyes. and stared at us, at first without .recognition; but gra dually, consciousness ieturied ;she sat up, pressing her hands to her face and laughiiig a. little' in a hysteric fashion. "Has anything happened?" she, asked, in a faint tone. '`,' Our friciid here gave you a little too:mnch electricity, I think," replied Mr. Shenstone, in a comfortable voice. " You will. be ?all right directly, my d'ear. You had better go to bed early and keep quiet. Ah ! there comes Mrs. Trafalgar. Keep an eye on this young person," he added, as the lady entered the room. ''Let her see no one, and keep 'her as quiet as possible. ,When she is married, Sarcoy. must take her to Florida, and. give her plenty of fresh air and sea-water." (TO DE CONTINU?D.) Payments made for the scalps of the following noxious animals destroyed in the Queanbeyan :district'" during" the six months" ending Decemb'a '31 last :--509 kangaroo, 341 wallaroo, 7635 wallaby, 5200 rock wallaby, and .34 native dogs, making a total of 13,719. The majority of the scalps came from the east and south-cnst portions of the distriot. Ash for Dyason iroes' Peach Jam,-Anvr. 