The Storyteller. Damocles \umber Two. By Hkniiv J. Byrox. I was n plain boy. My parents admitted it, and as boom ns 1 was able to distinguish between the handsome and tlie hideous I admitted it myself. My nose was posi tively nowhere, whilst my month was actually everywhere. My eyes were large but no* expressive, and my fiqrure was neither diguifled nor well propor tioned. I was a plain hoy, and as years roiled on I became a plain man. But if Nature had been unkind to me I as regarded form aud feature, she hud | been bountiful in the matter of hair. My head boasted curly locks, of a rich brown j colour, and plenty «f them. ' He is not i a handsome child,' people would ob serve ; ' but wliiit a head of hair So j much laudation was lavished ou my locks that I began t - ievote great attention I and all my pocket money to my redun- j dant curls. I w-.,s always putting some thing on them. Whenever a new thins: in pomades or an\ novelty iu ' topdress ing' generally name out, I would rush to the shop aud purchase it. 1 flavored the premises as T went about the house, and the collars of my coats would become stiff with oleaginous mutter a week after I put them on. The fashion of cutting the hair very .Oiort was just becoming prevalent as I arrived at man's estate. It is needless to say that if Society (tho male portion of it) ehnse to consider it tbe proper thing to walk about with a crop head, it was nothiug to r»r. Nature had given me a head of hair which was simply a sight, and to have shorn away the elegant ringlets that fell ill graceful profusion over my coat collar, and bun cnen tueiuseives in iw, umuuiui on the sides of my head, would have been ingratitude indeed. I now began to attract attention. Peo ple would turn round and make remarks about me iu the street. Male frieuds would joke me aud send me udy valen tines ou the fourteenth of February. Ladies would say cuttiug things, and boys home for the holidays would poke their juvenile but no less offensive per sonality at me. Policemen even would watch me suspiciously, aud all this be cause of my beriutiful hair, Sarcasm, iu vective, and persuasion were alike iueflec tual. I listened to all that wa« said, and let my hair grow loneer tbau ever. X was now six-aud-twenty, and as yet bad not met with a congenial female mind. One afternoon, however, in Rams, gate, I mrt the mind. Or rather I ran after it, for the possessor of the mind had lost her hat and was vainly endeavour ing to catch it up. If her head bad gone with tile hat she could scarcely have been more upset. The wind was high, ami the prettv little hat danced along tlie cliffs like a II vim* creature. I am of an agile nature, and in a few moments I captured the runaway and returned it to the blushing owner. She bad louti ring lets (a fashion at that time somewhat of the past), and these ringlets, rendered limp and flaccid by the sea-side atmos phere, hung from her lirow like seaweed. My curls were in a somewhat similarc'ii diition. and as we stood l-owinn to each other I felt inwardly that I had at length met my destiny. My destiny lodged over a bakei's. She bad a mother who also had ringlets. It is true they were grizzly aud somewhat meagre, but tiiev irrrr ringlets, and defy ing the enervating effect of the mo=t sa line atmosphere, retained to tbe full their norma! twist. A younger sister of my destiny also exhibited corkscrew curls, and a cub of a younger brother revelled in the same hirsute adornment. Riug lets evidently ran in the family. I was invited to tea, at which, by the way, the brother ate everything, aud in a week's time found myself quite inti mate with the Quinces. Matilda Quiuce was the most charming girl I had ever mK. I still hold to thai remark, aud look in vain for her equal in a heartless, frivolous, and hollow world. It turned out that she loved me for my locks. For she did love me. She admit ted it freely, and when her brother sug gested inquiries into my pecuniary con dition, she turned a look of scorn upon him. and replied, ' A man who has the courage to wn:ir bis hair as Algernon Potts wears hi*, in an age of Vaudalism, and 'brushing by machinery,' has no ue--d of lucre to re commend him.' This was lucky, as .'uere was not my strong point. We were engaged. As it was against my Matilda's wish that we should marry whilst her mother was alive, I w^s forced to be content with tbe prospect of making Miss Quince mine as soon after Mrs. Q.'s demise as mialit appear decent. Mrs. Quince was very old. Sbe was, however, one of those tough old ladies who insist upon lingering in tbe world for a considerable period after tbeir friends and acquaintances have settled they 6houId leave it. She had a complication of complaints, which she would describe iu detail after supp r, with a pictorial minuteness that was very depressing. According to her own account, any one of tbe half dozeu ail meutji to which she had been a martyr for years, ought to have settled any or dinary mortal ages ago, But, she would observe with a wink, she was not an or dinary mortal, and then she would take her second tumbler of rum and water and look more alive than ever. As I diii'd, tea'd and supped every day with the Quinces, I awaited, with exem plary patience, the blissful time when Matilda should be mine. Meanwhile the ringlets of the family flourished apace. With the dry and bracing atmosphere of her native Camber well, each lengthy side-curl of my Matilda assumed such strength ana architectural perfection, that it might have been the Monument turned inside out. And so time went on without old Mrs. Quince going off, and with the exception of occasional passages of arms with the cub of a brother, all was peace and hopefulness. * * * *' * * One morning whilst at breakfast (the only meal I did not take with the Quiu ces), I received a communication from my Matilda, which xtumlrl have saddened ?ne, but which I admit, after tlie lapse of lime, had precisely tlie opposite effect. It ran thus:— JIAItMKi: klM~i - ' Gome rf,u»d nh booh at jwsbible. J Icar inamraalK breaking last. Your auKiouh MA'I'IV. As I happened to he breaking fast fin Another sense) myself at the moment, I poatpoued going round until I had finished. I own (after these years, why disguise facts .') J own mat so lar irau the news upsetting my disgestion or destroying my appetite, I ordered another egg on the strength of It. 'I went routid lo tlie Quinces and juiw the family doctor. JJis eyes twiuklnd aouiewbat comically (J fancied,) as he informed me that Mrs, Q, wat very bad. A somewhat sinister expression l[ im agined,! slightly marred the effect, ever, as he anded, ' But she fs a remark able woman, and may hold on for arty time.' I turned on my beel with an expression of disgust, and mentally re gretted my second egg. I passed a sleepless night, so annoyed rtpas I at the remarks of the Quiuftes' ?doctor. I remembered, as I tossed about ?on «jy pillow, the unpleasant facts that ' ald'Gwum (Mrs. Q.'s father,) had reached the absurd age of ninet.v-seven, and that Mrs. Gorum had outlived bini some years. Tlie Gorum long'-vity b-i I b the subject of many a converse i n 'f t Sunday afternoon at the Quiue s, ami as , Matilda had drink her mamma's health j iu exceedingly fruity port, and bre\ih',i u wish that 'she should emulate her parent*, I uinst admit I bad felt some qualms of conscience as I added a faint ' Amen.' Having breakfasted, I rose, aud I weiii to get my hair cut. I very seldom went to get. my hair cut. But it is as well (as all my lady read rs know,) to have ' the ends' clipped at intervals. Ou this occasion, as ou others, I simply neut to have 'tbe ends ' clipped. I \v;n the delight of my hairdresser, because he too nourished and cherished a ' head of hair.' Instead of dismissing me with a snip or two he would linger lovingly, as it were, over my head, aud gently pat tbe curls that embellished it. When, therefore, the person iu question i started, dropped his scissors, clutched the chair convulsively ami seemed generally , overcome. 1 felt, to say the least, sur prised. But 1 didn't only feel surprised when lie said what lie did say — 1 felt horrorstruek. And I ask any reader with a ' head of hair'' if he wouldn t have felt the same. 'Sir,' exclaimed Mr. Ion Curling, when he had sufficiently recovered him self to speak, 'Sir,— vou are — you are THINNING AT THE TOP !' Yes, I t/'f/s thinuiug at the top. There was no getting over it. Something very like a bald place began to assert itself at the apex of my 'knowledge box,' aud —there was no' gettiug over it, my hair was holding out signals of distress. To say that Mr. Ion Curliug assured me a few applications of his Infallible Snntpson Sump would set tne all right again and speedily recover tbe lost ground, is to simply state a fact that the reader would inevitably auticipate. But I objected to the word ' Syrup' uuder the circum stances and to the price, which was three-and-sixpeucefor a very small bottle. Besides, I hadn't come down to that sort of things yr. It was a common occurrence for a person's hair to show signs of weaktiHs- at p'Tiodica! occasions, and even the Newfoundl-md -icg some time sheds his coat. So I laughed ' Ha : ha !'' but neverthe less delennind to sit witli my back to the light for the present whilst iu the society of my charmer. As time went on, mv hair went oil'. So eventually did Mrs. Quince, and now or never, thought I, was the season for settling future matrimonial arrangements will) Matilda. Of course I allowed some weeks to elapse before touching upon the important subject, hut oue eveuiug I diil touch upon it, and (the brother being absent,) came to tlie point. pretty sharply. Tbe combined effects of grief ami a little ready-money had driven the brother to billiards a good deal latelv. so that I passed much time with Matilda, who was now, in her small way. an heiress, and her manner had assumed a more firm and sometimes, I fancied, a more commanding, not to say domineering tone than had previously characterised it. Oneevening— I may, I think, consider ing everything, say, on ejntnt evening— 1 forgot my resolution as to sitting with my back to the light, aud Matilda found me out. ' Algernon,' she exclaimed, iu what 1 may call stentorian (for a female) tones, ' Algernon, you are getting bald.' I smiled faintly, i,.ry faintly. I wan getting bald, and mv feeble smile, or rather attempt, was, I felt, a failure. From that moment Matilda be--'-.. ? ???? far as 1 was concerned, auotber wum ,u. /did not chauge, except, of course, so far as my hair went. And my hair did go rapidly enough, I can assure you. I became morbidly sensitive, and dreamt I felt it falling off in handfuls. I shuddered as I looked at my comb, aud winced as I glanced at my brush. I bought not only Jon Curling's Sampson Syrup, but every hair-producing fluid or compound that I could procure.' The life I led my head for many a weary month no tongue could tell. The miserable covering of my cranium was treated in themost irritating, stimulating, aud maddening tnauiaer. Tlie pillow-cases on my bed made the servant sneeze as she shook tliem. Aud all the time, despite tbe eflorts of art, I was growing balder aud balder; and Matilda was growing colder aud colder. Finding all attempts to stimulate my languishing locks fruitless, I bethought me of a change of scene. Probably, the bracing air of some foreign seaport would work the desired change. I would try it anyhow. Sol went to Boulogne, which is a blowy and bracing place. But, alas, I left traces of my presence along the shore in the shape of stray specimens of what a late gifted artist was wont to describe as 'Knob-thatch,' for my hair was now coming off at railway speed. Knowing the cunningdevices of Parisian coiffeurs, I sought inland consolatiou and advice, for I felt the sea air was too much for me. T visited one hair-dresser after another, tried nostrum upon nostrum, submitted to stimulating operatious by tbe score, dieted myself, lived by a rule, and grew rapidly as bald as a valetudi narian vultme. The worst of it was that as I grew more and more bare-headed, tbe natural short comings of my countenance seemed to assert themselves with increased eflect. I could not disguise tbe fact that without my locks I was a very mean, insignifi cant, and paltry little Sampson indeed. I will go farther, and admit that I was simply an ugly man. I knew Matilda objected to ugly men as a rule, and I have observed that the sex generally go with her. That a man who loses his hair witli increasing rapidity, must eventually corns down to the hint one— the sole survivor of its myriad companions — is a self-evident fact. Tbe self-evident fact iu my case asserted itself aggressively one morning, when I looked into the glass, and beheld one solitary stranger standing up a little to the Wt of my shining head ; being black it was clearly noticeable to the naked eye, aud I could not forbear smiling at the forlorn appearance of the melancholy remnant of a once blooming family. The strange part of tlie matter, how ever, consisted in the pertinacity with which that oue hair stuck to me. H even appeared to wax sir nger day by day, atid at length J began to feel a sorl of affection, not entirely unmixed with awe, for the faithful if eccentric be haviour of the weird one. In a weak moment I imagined that possibly Matilda might bee matters in t he same light, thatshe might look upon the lingering faithfulness of the last of his race with a pit.viug and approving eye, r had reckoned without Matilda. Miss Quince on beholding me— or rather, it— remarked ? An angry woman's words are seldom worth recording, unless tbey are to collie iu as evidence in a prospective breach of promise case ; ai.il 1 will not dwell upon the diatribes of my charmer. The gist of her remarks consisted ill tbie remarkable senfetice, given with all aceoiiipaijinient of semi-hysterical laugh ter, at once contemptuous, irritating, and (to an extent) delimit, 'Wear your one hair, f wif.li a. dif ference,' curl it round the right side of your head, and then let's see what you i ok like.'1 To cur) one hair, seemfe,1 'to say the ? least of it, u hazardous experiment. But 1 'id curl it as desired, and preset! (fed myself at Matilda's oil the fol(n\\\'ine ' ? ?v.'iiinir witli mv one hair twi-fd, I inn- say almost jauntily, just above my ; right. e'ar, culminating iu a curl (in a ; iu inner of speaking) just iu the centre of j my forehead. j But Matilda would have none of it. | ?' You look more ridiculous (ban ever,' she half giggled, half hissed. 'Let me [ see how you look with it ou the uth r : side, aud close to the head, please, for i that attempt at n skeleton riugfetputsine in mind of the ghost of a consumptive periwinkle that had been crossed iu love, and taken to Bautiug in the last stages of its rapid decline.' 1 had never known Matilda so fluent, so picturesque, so deuuedly unpleasant in every way. 1 saw I was beiug trilled with, but I was determined I would play the game out till tbe end. Had T known a fat auil flourishing youug tallow-chaudler was iu the habit of— but 1 auticipate. The . left-sid.'d lock was received iu the same I spirit of scornful derision that had eharac- i | terised the reception of the right- handed I one. ' You have tried right side and lelt,' sneered Matilda, with a side glance at an open door through which 1 plainly dis cerned the fat figure of the afore tiiuted at tallow-chandler, a sleek person, with a , head of hair like a lion's uiaue. ?' You have tried right aud left, Alger non,' (the first time she had addressed me by my Cliristiau name for, oh, so long !) ' and I feel I have trifled with you. But 1 am prepared to carry out my promise aud become yours.' How my heart beat ! 'I am prepared, I say, to carry out my promise and become yours, to share with you my saiuted Ma's small competency aud shower upou you all the devotion that I was always ready with when you had your— iu the happy past — if you come 'to me to-morrow with your hair arrauged according to the prevailing fashion,' ' 1 will do so, Matilda,' I exclaimed, all my old passion pouriug over me like a showerbath ; ' tell me bow I am to wear it, and it is done.' ' I'lIKX J'ART IT DOWN THK MIDDLE !' exclaimed Matilda ; aud as she vanished through t be door that concealed tbe tal low- chandler 1 felt that all was over, and with oue fatal tug at the ' L ist of tile Mohicans,' 1 left the premises aswiudled and a self-scalped man. P.S. — Ou lookiug into the shop re cently — /icr shop, I was much struck witli the spacious proportions ol'a bladder of lard, which was placed alone upou the Counter. Whilst admiring this ptize specimen of oleaginous matter 1 observed a fly settle on its apex. 1 was still further surprised at beholding a human hand come from uuder the counter and swoop malevolently upou the liy. 1 was most surprised of all to observe the bladder of lard lift itself up and assume tile appear ance of u human head.' Ha ! Ha ! I was avenged. It was A'* head — Bald ! Bald ! It could not boast of even the siugle hair that bad held tbe fatal sword over Damocles Num ber Two. 