THE UNIVERSITrEXAMES'ATIOXS. TO THE EDITOE. Sir— In myprevious letter anent the troubles of 'Argus' I adopted the r6le of verbum sap, and hoped he had taken my word to his heart. However, I regret that such has not been the result. I must therefore diagnose his weak ness again. A very excellent authority leaves a good deal to the judgment in the treat ment of similar cases, for does not the wise man say ''answer a fool according to his folly' in one place ; and in another, 'answer not a fool according to his folly.' So a choice is i left open. Let me say that when a fellow struts around and dubs himself 'Argus' any man ot ordinary reading tnrnKS or. tne pea cock and its tail feathers— while as to Tiresias the poet laureate has just unearthed bis ghost. Three cheers for tne blind prophet of our school days ! Let not ' Argus ' delude himself into the belief that I art; going to follow him through all the quag mires of evil- thinking that he so madly rushes into. Xiike most ot the half-demented he shows much cunning, for he craftily refrains from noticing the gist of my tetter at alL . I said that what most concerns the public is how is it that oat of all the candidates sent up to the University examinations from all the schools in the colony— except Prince Alfred College, of whose pnpils forty out of forty-six that went ap passed — two out of every three failed to pass. Now this is a very serious I matter to all those parents who send their sons ' to these schools, as well as to the teachers who secure no better results. The only reply ' Argus ' has to this important question is an ' owl-like silence, and Minerva was wise. To aid him I suggested, after Huxley, that the papers set might be too hard — in proof whereof only one candidate out of three was able to master them. To an unsophisticated mind, this looks ! very -much as if they had been the victims of j 44 cramming' — a process that-usually fails when j brought' to the test. Conversant, as no doubt 'Argus' is, with the practice of the uni- j verities, I was a little surprised that he does not trot out the more respectable word 'coach' j from his vocabulary. Mr. Eouth, of Cam- . bridge,' has the unfortunate habit .of getting j the students who place themselves under his charge to the top of the lists. Some misguided ] people think that Mr. South understands his j business, but if he happened to belong to I Prince Alfred College he would be ranked by j Argus' and bis friends as the evil spirit of j cram, whoaddedtohisotherwickednesBesthat ' ofsurreptitioudygettuiffholdoftheexamination I papers beforehand. I have lonff been of : opinion that the doctrine of ''cram' ia an ignis /ofiras- that 'alternately attraBtssaal . pursues weak minds. They t*v its- «ffecti *nd it: fails-them_in_the hour of -need. They hear of other schools' success and they cry — 'Ah, .that cram again.' If. -the headmaster of ! Prince Alfred College and his -staff happen to understand the business of presenting know ledge to the minds of the boys under their charge in such manner that they can appro priate it, .let the detractors of that institution go and do likewise ?:-. they wilLthen deserve the .thanks of .'the community. 'Acgua' refers to .his knowledge -of the ways of Prince Alfred College a long time ago. To-day I encountered an old . scholar of that institution who re .membered that the then headmaster succeeded in introducing -into the colony -for the first time local examinations in connection with the Melbourne University — the gentlemen who took charge of the examina tion papers here being ±tevs. Read, of Mitcham, and Field, of Glenelg. There were six candidates from Prince Alfred College, all of whom passed, and two others who did not .pass ; so it seems to be in the air that Prince Alfred boys should succeed. Cannot 'Argus ' and 'Theoretikos 'get up a ring to suppress the effendirjg institution? In my previous letter I euggested that the other schools should profit by their own failures, calmly doing their -best, and hoping that the nest eight or ten years .that 'Argus' looks forward to wdi be less favorable to Prince Alfred College than the -last fourteen or fifteen years have been. It was iiot till Sir Win. Jervois with his chivalrous Knglith idea of fairplay appeared .on the speech-day platforms of both Prince Alfred and St. Peter's schools that the mag nates of the latter institution ever let it pass their lips that there was a competing high -SchooJiin the colony. I have ever held myself to t-e a friend to higher education, everywhere, and have been specially pleased to hear of the successes of St. Peter's. I therefore much regret that such ill-ad vised advocates as 'Argus' and ''' Theoretikos' should mislead the public by affording them grounds to think „ that envy, malice, or uccharitableness finds au * abode within the time- honored walls of the older high school. ' Argus' prefers to ' divi nities and snakes.' I answer him according to his folly— to men who ought to be divine the words of Virgil may too often be applied— Tantaenc animis coelcstibus irac? — while snakes hidden beneath the grass are still dan gerous to wayfarers. — I am, &c;, SUB-SILENTIO. P.S. — Since the above was written the able reply of *' Verus' has appeared ; the only fault I find with his letter is that he expends too much powder and shot on such small game. — S.S. 