ftetcDer, TbcLositlleaipItnnters. . . CHAPTER I. . It was Daocmbsr In the early part of, tho' present oentnry. The winter had commenced in good eorncflt, althought the fall of show was less than usual in Canada. Timo has' 'wrought changes in tho distriot of London, Ontario, since then. At tho date of oor story it was' vory thinly peopled tbo aottiomonta wera fow and fsr between. ; Facilities for : emigration wore. few; thero were ho' steam ships to bridge .tha Atlantio; railroads had not been droamcd'ot; tho .British government woro less liboral with land-grants, and there woro fewer induoomchts' for that varied enter prise which is how making the wildornbss to blossom bo tho rose. ; ' ' Some gontlcmcn "in roduosd oiroum- etencss," whom ncocBsity had driven to oeek to repair thoir fortunes in tho land of deep snows and long winters, had obtained posses sion of largo tracts of land, whiob thoy sought to 1st nt a vory low rental to tho pooror class of settlors, in order to found for themselves or their suoccsscrs extensive estates as landed proprietors after tho, English model. Mr. T- — - held oho of thoso cxtonsivo ttaoto, almost equal, to a moaorn-sizsa county in dimensions, Among tbo tew. who accepted biB tormo oo oettlore were John Howay and; Thomaa Nowlnb.' Howay was nn Englioh- msn by birth, and had- been somo yosrs in Canada. Nowlan was an Ameriosn, and had' apont the whole of hia llfo aa a baokwoodc- man, whioh means' that ho was inured to all kinds of diflioultios and dangors, and that ho whs not lacking in tho ordinary rcsouroes of' a man who had epont his best years in the wilds. Howay, though a young, man, wau ;pant tho middio ago.: ' ' ' 'Early one Deoembor morning Howay started from his log hut for u day nt/wood'outiing,: Dssidcs hia nio, ho had hie gnu and his dog Lion.' Ho noon disooverod tbo traoka of thriso bearaj whioh they traood to n largo trco three miles distant. Dears are. not oomfortable neighbors ; nnd oowa and ehoop and pigs nro not safo/withiu their- reaon; besides which, thoir pkiun could bo/utiliiied Ifor various pur-' posse;, whilo;. if young, thoir - flesh would provo on acceptable addition -td the wlntcrt stock of food nnd, moreovor, the fat, if not sold for bear's grcaso, . would bo useful for many othbr'purpoBoa.' Forhapd It wan bin eagerness to scouts ono. of tha bears, or oven nll throo, sb his own prlzo, whioh lsd him on to immedioto attack, < instead of returning to tha ccttlomont for holp, as he nhould hnvo dono, Ho began, theroforc, at once .to cut down tho treo. / But as tho. tree .was.- at least sixteen feet in oir- oumforenoo, thin was no light work,' It waa needful, too, 'that ho ehbuld keep a good look out, in oa«n hia inovcnientsohould di iturb tho bran." Thin' tie began to do, but; nlnckoning . his eltorilioh, ho wnu prosently pot .en tho alort by tho fall of a largo pieoo of bark, Looking up into tho trcobo'dlacovorodi to hin no nmali ooontornution, tho largest ..of- the bears doabcndlhg/thotroo, lallfbramoat..:- The .' eppcarausa of tha'bsar warnod him to pro'- - para for the worst ; so putting down his. fixe, ho eoized his gun, with tha intention of firing. Sbobnd thoughts; bowovor, lsd him to .hooi- tats. Ho might wouod but not kill the oui- - msl, and so cxaaporato him, and increase, hia. own danger. y Whilo ho -was- thus deliberat ing, the bear bad nearly roaohedtho ground, : when tho dog cot. Up sach a furioua barking . that the bear .workodewiltly.up the tree again. On reaching thatop ol the trunk -where tho limbs branched out, ho paused, .and turning . round, surveyed both man nnddog .with 'a. fiijrcenoBS whioh waa truly alarming, . V Howay wished now that bo had sought tho botp of hia. neighbours, for /his position scorned mora, and mora porilotia. . BUlying hia oonrago, however, bo seized hia gun, and lodged a faall'in.tho animal's nook,' whioh brought- him lifeless to tho ground./ But, strango to say, this snoooss rather exoitcd tho fears than stimulated ths oonrago of Howay. Ho oonld not make auro of killing tha others, and in turn lie might be thoir proy. InBtoad, therefore, at telling tbe tree, ho made tho best of his way to oattln tbo aid of somo neighbors. Hs returned with two mon, threa dogs, and another axa. Tno tree was aoon out through, but in falling, it.straok against another, and broko off just about tho middio, at tho identi cal part whero the bsara had stationed them selves. : Stunned and oonfused,' the animals ran ao oloso to ono of tho men that ho aotually put tha muzzle of his gnncloso to the shoulder - ot tho larger hoar, and lodged two balls Id its body. Tho other made off and osoapod un hurt, while tho dogs engaged tho wounded one nntil ha shook thom off with their flash badly torn. ' _ It was now nearly sunset, and the men re turned to their homes for tho night. Thonoxt morning, Howay waa again on tho traok of tho bears, having now only ana eompanlon, Thomas Nowlan. They wore provided oach with a rifle, an axe, about six charges of powder, and broad and meat sufficient for ono meal, hoping to bo back bcioro nightfall. The manner of hnnticg bsara in .Osnoda is that of tracking thoir footstops through tho Bnow to . their winter retreats; and the knowledge that these traoka sometimes take ' tho banter forty or even fifty miles from his starting-point, ahonid .have forewarned the men to have been better provisioned, know ing also that their return mast bo on thoir own footprints, and that if thoro should coma a thaw, or a snowfall, thay would bo lcltwith- ont a trail of ooy hind. Tbo 12th December passed, and tbo adven turous huntsmon did not rotnrn. Tha next day, and tho noxt, came and wheat in Ilka manner, and still tbo; did not appear; tho only tidings of them boing that about two o'clock on tho I2th thoy had boon observed crossing a river, whioh, in accordance with- the name of London given to tha district, i called the Thames. It is a couBiderabl river, and flows in a direction south-west-by- weat into lako St. Glair. , ; Their friends and neighbours now beoams alarmed, and concluded that thoy had perished with hunger and cold, or bad been killed by tho wonnded boar. A son of tho proprietor of tho diBtriot, under whom somo of them hold their farms, end lots, therefore assembled a large party ot tbo settlers pertaining to tha townships of London and Nassouri, with ths Snrposa of seeking tbo lost . men. Thoy oubtcd not, howover, that they had fallen a proy to ths weather, even if thoy had csoaped. '.harm from the bears, for ths cold was intense, their' clothing was slight for the winter bob- : eon, they baa no tinder . box, and'- wore! en tirely without mesne of any kind to proteot Ithom from the severity of the weather. The party in quest prepared themselves in every , way for their hazardous undertaking; Thoy stocked themselves with provisions, pocket- : compasses, trumpets, nbundnnca'of ammunf- ' tiou, sufficient olothing, and the apparatus for lighting fires; . and, in addition, they. : took with thom some of the best doge in the oountry. There was ono thing whioh added to their difficulties— a thaw bad takon pines, and the onoW . had wholly disappeared .from tho HrUUIAUr t;AUtt|lbliK.AU 1U» utiu anrouijf/ tions. They had, thoreforo, no trooks what ever, and no ides of tho dircotion tholoBtmen might have taken,' only tha hint obtained : from the men -who had scon them brassing tho rivor on: tho day of- their doparture. They. . had, aaa oonscquenee.no very sanguine hopes ': of finding tbom.: They eontinued their sosroh, however, for two days, exploring thousands , of cores ot forest and nwamp, whore thoy saw no trace of tho foot of mail. Giving up all hope of finding them, either living or dead — for thoy had .'not' ones oomo upon thoir traok : —tho party returned homo. ' Thoro was onie consideration whioh tended .to mitigato the distress of the situation,, to , render the, event loss distressing than it might ' have beon ; the men had no family, oo tar as - was known, to moam thoir Iobs, or to' suffer, by thoir death ; it was Bimply tho neighbours : who were grieved by the sad an paiufal end ' whioh they obholaded Howay and Nflan heu come to. ' M' ' Thus day following day, and Obriatmas / morning dawned.'- Young Mr. T. — -was jaet . in the act of despatohing messengers to take an inventory of tho property of tbo lost '.men, when the news roaohed bim that thoy had re- tornod a fow hours bofore, .alive, but in a : con/., dition of the moat titter witotohedhess. As -soon as possible, therefore;, ho- went, to seo. thom, being anxious to know for himself 'ba' . they, wore really allvo, and to hear from them . i au aooount ot thoir odventurea and Bufferings. '. It was a sight no one need wish- to see, .nor,: . haying onoe scon, to ' bohoid. d: eeoond time, -Thoy wero;Bpcotaoles of woe and misery and ; wretchednesa almost/ hoyond , description— : . their garments torn, their oonhtenanooa omaoi- atod, thoir oyos sunk, their floeh wintered t away, and thoir whols appearanoa, more like spcolres than/living men, Thoy woro only tho ghosts of their former selves, and to oon- vorso with thom seomed liko hold ing - intercourse with tho opirita of the de ported. Thoir privations- and eufforings had boon no groat, that tho record of them , seems more liko romanco than sober history ; -thoir protrnotod eadaranoa was so notonish- ing, and thoir doliveranoo so xomsrkablo, that it may bo alike interesting and profit- ablo to listen to a relation of thoir advon- . tu'ros.- . / ' . : CHAPTER li- lt was on tho I2th of Deoombpr, that Howay and Nowlan atartod in pursuit o? tho boar. Thoy soon camo upon bia ttaok, /whion tney 1 followed in a noith-wontcrly. direction for &« loaat twenty milos, whon rDtglit camp on. With diCQonUy thoy sucoBodcd in . maUing a .fire, getting a light by placing a of dry linen on tho pan of a flint-lock .gun while flashing it. Bupporless tboy lay down to rest, and oleoping thoy.opont tho night, whioh wao : exceedingly oold, its rigour, boiug modoratoa by tho warmth of thoir ample i firo. At day- light,' aftor broakfnating on tho small frag- ' moots remaining from yoBtorday'o dinner, thoy otartod again on tho track of tho. bear, thoir faithful 'dog , having ; Bbared. with thom the crumbs of yesterday.. Tho bear s track- now beoamo very muoh Involved, winding and - doubling In a manner no porpioxmg that, about noon, whoa they mnet havo proceeded twenty . miles, .thoy resolved to givo up tho ohaso ; lot having no compass, and tho stm not boing .visiblo; thoy wore uuablo to .dis- tiognieh north'from aoiith. ®hsir condition wao moat poriloua ; in tho depth : of f winter, without food or oholtcr or any know odgo,of tboir rolativa : position, , -ioafi in tho bonnd- ' loos forest, ta moktf matters worse, o thaw bad set in ; tho snow was . disappearing, and the rain wao iuorcaeing hour by hour, Thoy . how reoollcoted that in tho early part oi tho day thoy had brossod tho, track of. anothor boar, whioh thoythonght might lead thom to soma Battlement. Thoy- hoped, too, that if it did not conduct thom to tho abodes of mon; it might lead to tho! bear's retreat, and that if they wore eqcooceful in killing him, its flesh - -would afford thom food, and "its akin, adrva: aa a bed. Thoy followed tho traok, therefore, until thoy -lost it by roadon of tho molted ' snow. What to do or wbat.courso to tdko, thoy did not now know; Hunting tho bear ,'gavo plaoato on effort to word off Starvation and to' got homo. : ... Thoy soon fonnd thc-meolves on tho bank of a nmali river, which thoy conceived to ba a confiuoat of the Thames. Here thoy pssssd tha seoond night, at tha oloso of a' dap of hunger, disappointment, vexation, and fatigue. . Tho situation was dreary onongh. It rained in torrents, and thsir only shelter was a fow strips of bark. Tho. wolves -howled around them, and tbd'tompest wad eo fierce that trees wero torn np by tho roots and etrewn- around in wild contusion. Tbe Boeno.was unobanged when morning broko. About noon, the vio lence 'of tho etorm abated ; bnt tho/rain fell relcntiesely the whole of tho day, while the, oold waa nnabated. Thoy again pursued their journey, etill auotainod by hopo. Towards eunsot, Howay fired at a partridge, bnt miseed it, and-thoy went eupperlces once more. - : On the fourth day, thoy felt tho panga of hunger, so that they oould havo eaten almost, anything, and their thirst waa so insatiable that they wero oompolled to drink overy fow minuter. Sixty hours had now elapsed since thoy had tinted food, and tha appalling idea ot death by utarvation forced itself upon them. Joat before sunset, Nowlan Bncceedoa in shoot ing a partrldgo, hall of whioh thoy /consumed tor supper, and devoured tho othor bait for breakfast tho noxt morning. Bnt eo ravenous wore thoy that, as thoy afterward deolarod, thoir hunger waa no moro appeased by oating this bird than it wonid havo baon under ordi nary oiroumatances by swallowing a oherry. - Little moro than ono oha'rgo .of powder wau now left them, and ibis thay determined to reserve for lighting fires ; for, as the frost had now again sot in, oxposoro for a singlo night without firo would result in speedy death. Tho fifth night was extremely oold, and Nowlan found in tho morning that biaicet wero badly frozen. But tola was not all. To tho excruoiating tortures of froBt- bltton feet were added an nnappeasablo thirst and burning tovor. Hitherto, they had walked or rather run, from sunrise to eansct, doing about fifty miles a day ; but now it was with great difficulty, and. with almost anbearablo pain on tho part of Nowlan, that tboy accom plished halt that distance. 1 On tbo ailcrnoon of tho sixth day, tbo_ sun appeared for a few moments, and convinced thom that they wero not on tho banks of the Thames; and as thoy hod crossed that river to the north, tbey oonld only oonolado that thoy were on ono of tho rivers which flow cither northward into Lako Huron or west ward into Lako Bt. 'Glair; In eitbor oaao thoy would no a long distance trom nomo, ana in a region then unsettled by whito people. Still as it led somewhere, thoy ohoto to follow its courso, as it might conduct them to aome Indian settlement. In a short timo thoy discovered a boat on the opposite eide of tho river, and, a littio further down a canoo. Tho appearance of those craft inspired thom with tho . hopo that there might bo some human habitations or foliow-oreatorcs near. But after travelling several miles, they came . to the oonolueion tlmt the boats had been' driven down the river daring the recoiit thaw andetorra. They were juat oommohcing to out down n tree for tho night's fire, when they . observed a stack of bay/a abort , dietohco . be fore tbe'm, ah' tboir eide. of the river. The haystack convinced them that thoy woro noaj some: settlement, and it afforded them u oomfortablo-bed/for ' tho night, where they slept oonndly for aoine honra, whjoh wae tboir first: proper /Bleep -sinoo/ leaying home. Be. itreshed by tboir repose, thoy started with new/ energy, etill; keeping tho bank of tho river. The dog, - however, thoir faithful companion hitherto, oonld follow them no longer; when' .thoy atartod,' ha staggered a faw' paces, and then fell. Tho gnawinga of hunger suggested that they Bhsuld kill him to. help to sustain their own lite ;'hut humanity, and affection for tho companion 'whioh -han sorved them with enoh fidelity, got'the better of all en oh promptinga; They had hardly proceeded a mi'lo nn flioir innrnnv. this 'seventh : mornino. when a now. difficulty appeared in the shape of an impaetiblo swamp, which ' oompelled them to leavo tho bank'of tho rivor and atrike out into tha pathlcso waate. They walked all that dBy: and tbo next, and about four o'olook on tlio ninth day they come upon tho tracks ot twp men and a'dog. / -Hope : leaped to/ tho oonalusion that/they wore now near' some . settlement, and that their toils and sufferings and tho withoring hunger would eoon bo over. Alas 1 they were doomed to disappointment. After following the traoka for soma timo, they were brought to tho very spot whero thoy had rested a few nights' bcioro. The footprints:, were thoso of their dog and thomsolvos. Z ' Despair now seemod to lay firm hands on thom.. Thoy eat down -without evon. taking; the troublo to' kindle : a fire, feeling : that it : would ba hotter -to bo frozoai to death than, to seek to prolong a miserable existenoo. : OUUU UbUtlA WlkU UUUUitiUlUJUUO full /of tho' moBt painful emotions ; tears flowed Iroely down their haggard ohceka;. and . tbeir dliief dread waa that one might eurvivo the othor; to dia anpitied and unseen. Tho , apprehenBioh, too; that their bodies would bo devoured by animale, was oho that- addod point to tbeir miseries. ' ' / " \- Aft'or they bad both boon the proy of melan- oboly for nn.hour or more, Howay seemed to regain hie eomposuro, and told hie companion it was their duty etill to employ, means for . their own preservation, as He who gave them . being had alone tha right to tnho away their Hvea. Itoueed by theso considerations, theyaot about kindling a firo, using their last flash of gunpowdor for tho'purpono. - Thoro seemed, then no hopo that thoy oould: possibly- exiot beyond tbo night of the following day. ./ Tha morning found thom.in a statu of apathy ; : but thoy roused thcmoolvea tq pursue thoir jour-' noy, and at/iifghtfall thoy reached, tho hay- ; etaok whofo they hod hod thoir only elcbp. Tho dog wao still alivo, but nnable to rise, and wao d mero skeleton; Tho desire of lite onoo moro revived in their broasto, and thoy oto with ravenouo appetite a largo quantity ot tho inner bark of a specioa of elm. This eoon produced delirium, and thoy lay down among tho hay in tho greatoot mental agony. By daylight the next morn- ing thoy wero better, and w.tuld havo rison; but reoolleoting that their materiiilo for. .mak- ing a tiro wero oxhanstfa, tuey resoivcn ro . roll themBolvcs np in tho hoy again and await tbe hour of death, ' Boaroely had thio resoln- tlon been formed; when thoy heard the sound of a cow-boll, coming apparently from thuop- poolto side of the'river. The sound of a cow- ' boll, they know, .was a oertain slg-s of a hatnan hkbitation at no great distanoo : thoy there fore arose at /onoo, aa if gifted with now energy, and'socu porooived a leg-house, as if- rocontly ereoted ; but no sign of inhabitant. Thoy oould hardly bolicyo thoir oyos, thinking . tlio log-houto might bo,' after all, a creature of their imagination, disordered by long ab- ' Btinonco. At length, convinoed of its reality, thoy began'to search for means to ford tho. river, whioh .thrhed: out to . ba tbo Banblo; - Finding a crossing-plcco/thcy woro not long iu 'reaohlng tho oppoBito shore, where they wero met by a white man and two IndianB, who took them to tho honso of a man named Townsend, who wae woll- kaown to them, and from .whom thoy rcoeivod every mark of kind--, noss thoir forlorn condition required, Tho ringing of - the cow-boll waa a happy oirenmstanco for them, Tho rivor flowed into Lako Huron at-n-point ono hundred milea . from any oottlomont, and they were only , thirty milea from tho lako when, meeting with , -the owamp, -thoy had inadvortontly bent their otopobaolt into tho wooda along thoir ovrni track.' .TowDeond'a log.hnt wao 'fifty miles from i'wir. homo, and had only rroently beon oiecied /War a ealt Bpring ho had dijeovered .somo timo before. : t Mrs. Townecnd attended to tho frozen feet of Nowlan ; and after tboy bad rested and euffloiontly recovered otrength, tboy started for tbeir own eottloment by tho aid ot a blazed lino— bark taken from treea with an axa by a previous travollor— arid ' oii Ohristmaa ovo, thirteen days after they bad left thom, thoy' bad onoo mora tbo happiness of entering thoir own homes' and enjoying tho comforts of tboir own fireBidcs_i—_>-i . 