ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. TURF. F.S. — The respective positions were — Coronet, Middle- I march, and The Ghost. I Hawksburn. — Your conclusions may be perfectly I correct, but we cannot insert your letter. Why I not communicate with the owner of the mare i He | will, perhaps, be able to satisfy you. j H.H.— Donald defeated The Nun at Geelong. I 8.S M.— Morven has fallen every time he has run in I Victoria. No ; it was Echo and Denmark that I Straggler defeated. I WAV. — It is not an infallible sign, as though to the I eye a horse may Pok perfectly trained, he may be I very sore on his legs, which would account for his I running in the race. In our opinion, there is not I half as many cases of "pulling" as some persons j suppose. It is well known, hewever, that a large j percentage ©f the horses in some races are not I running on their merits. I M.M.— Silver Mine occupied the inside running. j observbr — The bare appearance of the Israelite's i neck was cause 1 by t-,e horse having hiB mane I closely eut. Hog mane is the technical term. Denmark.— The "Fi ld," in answer to the same question recently, says : — " Chandler jumped 37ft. (u t 39ft. as frequently misprinted) in the Leami gton Hunt Steepl chase, on 22nd March, 1S47. He carried list. 71b., and was ridden by Captain Broadley. It occurred before ''The Fie d" came into existence, but a full report will be found in " Bell's Life" of 28th March, 1847, pace 6. which states that the jump was measured by Captain W. I Peel. i Querv.— The jockey T. Enderson was disqualified for ! malpractice in connection with the mare Bloomtield at Buln Buln. Tasman. — We beliere that it is the intention of the owner erf Blink Bonny to put the mare to the stud next season. C.S —Bonnie Scotland, by St. Albans— Mayflower ; Prodigal, by St. Albans — Zillah. J.S.P.— No ; it is not by any means so remarkable as you imagine -.for, at Bombala, Tantawanglo, by Yattendon — Lady Belmore, and his two-year-old daughter, won two events, ea-h «»ne of the five races on thi programme The one jockey rode the horst-s and was successful four tim» s in succession We gome recollection of W. Yeomans ridi' g five winners in one fay at a race meeting somewhere in the Riverina district. Stratagem. — The celebrated Israelite coup was effected in the V.R.C. Spring Handicap over two years ago. H.L.M.— We beleive that the steeplechaser Clarence is still at Dowling Forest. SrcDMASTKR. — Sterling was second on the list of winning sires in England in 1884, with £20,307 to nis credit. Constant Reader. — Barrett, a colt by Bonnie Scotland, as a two- year-old carried 7st. 121b , and ran six funongs in lmin. Msec, at Monemouth Park, America, in August, 1880. The fastest time for five furlongs is that of Nydla, who is said to havH run five furlor-ga in lmin. Jsec. The above particulars are taken from a record compiled by the "Turf, Field, and Farm," an American paper of some standing ; but as eeme of the wonderfully fast performances contained in the list were accomplished at obscure and out-of- the-wav places, ws would not advise too much reliance beingpiaced upon th? authenticity of those given. Subscriber.— Aiantom was knocked down to II. Yceud, the trainer, for 290 guineas. Yeendfwas acting for Sir William Clarke . Phantom ran the mile and a half on that pccasion in 2min. 41|sec. D.N.M., Rosstown.— Stockwell ran unplaced in the Melbourne Cup won by Martini- Henry. P.S.G.— Ringwood carried lOst. 5!b. when he won the Hurdle Race at the V.R C. Sprirg Meeting, 1883. Lady Hampden (list. 21b.) was second, and Agita tion third. 2. Nordenfeidt was bred in New Zea land. Not at all; as Martini Henrv won the St. Leger and competed for the Champion Race. ATHLETICS. S.R.B., Gooroc.— Yes ; though what the original shape of the feet were before commencing athletic 0rsl nlngf could no- be determined. Tbe effect of . athletics, according to its application, is to develop muscle. If much runn ng or \va king exercise were practised, the feet would develop muscles which would not be conspicuous i« the ordinary avoca tions of life. C H. — The match took place at West Maitland. . BILLIARDS. D L R — ' Billiards," by J. Bennett (t-x-champlon), is the latest work on ttie game, ihe Engli.h selling price is half a guinea. 