£Cotes nd Notioii. ' br " vlgilanli" SAND WICK BEFLXCTIOJIB. . 'As ia-rule one exjiects-to'-get aline to the Derby thyough the running of die Isro-year-olfis 'at the Randwick AiUunm 'Meelinij, ' but' '.die . performances Or ' the youngsters nave oeen or sucn a perplex ing nature that the more one ponders on ' them the more puzzled begets. Acme, Blatrgowrio, Maddelina, and .Trident, each of- whom has. won -A. rkce or faro i over, onr aide, -vcre each badly .beaitai gt Randsrick, while fflalinowrie and volcano rang i the chanM»by ret ettlrogthepwtonriphs of hia stable' com panions, Tamarisk and Acme, very easily at the finish) tHV question as to which is really the bc;tof the Hon. James Wliite's batch isj\Jn itsoif, exceedingly open. For -my owh part'.I. must confess to a great pajtiality ' for tbe brown gelding Volcano," who 'disposed of Blairgowrie with consummate ease in die First Foal S tikes, and fairly left the big ohesnut son of Vespasian standing still when Hales asked htm to race. There arc few horses now in training in Australia who owe tlie public more money than the little mare Brown and Rose, whom I know to be a good 'un, and who has been. remarkably unfortunate -of late. The daughter of Somnus, as a two- year-old, was second to none over a mile, and her performances both Igst season and this : have demonstrated her staying powers. Yet, somehow or other, she has always encountered the worst of bad luck lit big races.- -la the Melbourne Cup. with little Gongli up. she got wedged in amongst the ruck, and never got the ghost of -a show of making n run. In the Hawkesbury. Handicap ebewss.botb kicked and blocked; and now, still more recently, at Randwick she managed to get away badly in tbe Sydney Cup, and tben got wedged in amongst the body of runners. Being a very small marc, she of cours.e got knocked about, aud, although «he managed to finish amongst the first flight, her chances of victory were from the first extinguished. Still her -backers stuck to her, and in both the City Handicap and tliq Place i "a-.'i'li.r i-i'l t 1 ti'-v I I»ia«tiic.Sx». Da-.:. -I - - - i r-i'h r.ud ic:;.-":. p..; I-.,;. " ! A a.-'nor fat Ills best) on te.j ! " 1.1. ail going well, vet proi - f ir. liihvenotpeeni.ixina.il,...,. c.n" .xl .... I By-f'.p.wi-y, "twouid be vor; 'iai , lin::-.- i. | j on the firs - oeeic-ioa that ...le'.-eis " get j I sick" ot tbe mere. w. - ; »nc;.e iime:. for i;,r ; _ . . ' i r - - by winning a big handicap. I am sure no win would be more popular in Sydney, as her owner and trainer is highly esteemed. Afteh Maddclina's behaviour in the All-aged Slakes, her backers for next season's Blue Rlhuud enn scarcely feel eouifortuhle, and although it is just possible that, with a man on her back, sbc may steady down as a tliree-year-old. I fear that her roguish propensities will ratlicr increase than otherwise with age. One of the most promising two-year- olds that we were introduced to at the meeting is Crossfire, who, to my think ing, is as good a fillv as Maddclma, and much ntorc honest. With seven stone iwo pounds on her back- in the Freo Handi cap she came through her horses iu tbe last hundred yard's like a shot from a gun, and beat a big field in a fast- run race with at least seven pounds in hand. If the sister to Arsenal does not make her mark next season in Town Hall Ball company I shall be very much dis appointed. A few months bock Cairo was knocked down for seventy gum-as, and I believe about a fiver more would have kept the colt in Victoria. Now, I don't : - I : x ; . , t , " - . 5:m>" .l to say, evyiyfn, '.a- right explanation of Sandal's running in the A.J.C. Plate is given in both the Sydney and Melbourne papers. The mare is said to have been " running in tbe interest of Cerise and Blue," etc., etc. ; whereas, as a matter of fact, the cause of the trouble was patent to everyone as tbe field sw.ept past the stand, when Gaghan was seen wobbling about in his saddle. A stirrup iron was gone, and with it all chances of Sandal's victory,' and, indeed, after rnshing away' to the front at the back of the course, she took no further part in the race, and walked in. Taking a line through her running in the Cum berland Stakes with Matchlock, the little mare would have troubled" tho Cjiampion winner iu the Plate, and -we have yet to ascertain how good she really is. The in-and-out running was the prin cipal feature of. the meeting, and the eccen tric' form of the two-year-olda was even less 'marked than that of fhe great guns. Nelson, Sandal, and Mateluock each won a weight-for-age race, And. each was badly , beaten under almost parallel circumstances.- Sandal ran no where yn the . Autumn Stakes, and then cameout ,fn the Cumberland Plato, and ran,«xray, from Matchlock and Nelson, each of 'Whom beat her at weight for age during lhe meeting. The correct ex- planahon.iof Matchlock's defeat in the two-mile race.-ds probably afforded by the fnct lhat Hales had to make his own cunning on Matchlock from the fall of the flag, and this just suited Sandal, who likleB. to oome with one run at the <ud'of<K tlpw. race. . '-T ,, It seemed strange -to see Mslua -and! .Sheet Anchor in i receipt 'of weight from the two maresr Sandal and Cerise and. Blue, in the handicap! for the concluding, days of the ffieeting, but both the Mel. bourne Cup wishers were so manifestly out of form tnM.-'Mr. Searr acted, very 1 wisely in takingtlie weight off in lumps." .Handicapping a horse up to his; best .'form is all very well in theory, kvhen nothing is known of his present condition or form, or when a month- or tire-has to elapse between the publication of the. handicap and the dafefof; tr race ) but )e. this cash, where th| ktelghtST ifflWared Jflie fiay before the Yare, IffTearr, despite ,t1te rpm8,.'to -the wnteary, jmado jie .'thtmVigrrA tbem waigHE' Malua seems to hate: lost - his dash of -foot entirriy,- and— although he -at one time looked dangerous , io the Autumn Stalrtes.'nearirig the-fiSme turn, he was the first, Jiorse beaten- when tbe pace was made warm." and drbrijied bock at once to the rear.. . The last fohr furlqngs of this rfceJ by-the-bje,Wcre'vrun in forty-nine Seconds." ' . X ill told that Lord.Carringtnn won a small stake on Cerise end-Blue. .Whether this be the case or not, his Excellency took a lively interest-in -the toilet of tbe daughter of Wilberforce both" before and after tbe Cup nnd All-egcd Stakes, and Seemed immensely pleased when -she won each of these cveiits. Mb. OxF-XHAM and his little nnre have made themselves so popular on tbe turf that Cerise and- Blue's victory was received with much acclamation, in which winners aud losers alike joined. Lady .Ca'rrington, in handing the Cup to Mr. Oxenbam, made a pretty little speech, to which the lucky recipient suitably re plied. Mr. Oxenham wins about fifteen thousand .altogether, as a result of tho mare's two wins at the meeting. A ronTRiiT of Cerise and Blue, by Woodhouse, will. Mr. Oxenham tella me, be presented to Lady Carrington, who donated the cup won by tbe mare. Altiiouoji the ring aa'!n body had a little the best of tbe wagering on tho whole meeting, some of the prominent pencillers lost heavily. The victories of C.-'.-e .1 Blue (twice). Matchlock >-. ' -. -fire (twice). The Jewel,. . : rood, and Scobcloff taking ley out of tbeir books. : i»-'rs the biggest losers are the I'liugent. who have dropped i ;-ey. "When I write that )'l<! . Ji.- -lie six davsof the Hnwke«- ' : ... I 'i i.lwick meetings not a »oli- ' ...! -. v-.i ,.i. horse succeeded in winning I i; ; h:rty-four races, the losses ; i.: t'- - i-.a -firige garden puuters can bo -l " HMa-ia.nf. lliannsatiifliaa- I o.i tii-.i i; : .is . of the meeting by plunc- iuc i .iviiT en Matehloek and Scobeloff, s hiii -. In- i - i :'-: ->f the Vietorian cash re- i !'.ej\ The handsomest horse saddled up to do battle at Randwick was, unquestion ably, the New Zealander, Nelson, who looks every inch a gentleman, A bright big chestnut — Nelson is as beautiful as his dam was ugly. and. with all his weight the son cf King Cole would, if lie started, make the bust of them travel in the Queen's Birth day Cup, or Royal Stakes. I notice Mr. Searr has only allowed him two pounds in the Birthday Cup for the licking Cerise and Blue gave him in the Sydney Cup, aud this, at first sight, seems scarcely fair, until one remembers how well tbe Maorilander ran in the Cumberland Stokes, Place Handicap, and A.J.C. Plate. ' If I were asked to state succinctly what Were the features of the meeting. I should say, the in and out form, phenomenal time records, and liad starts : the form I have already referred to, the timing on the whole, despite the general incredulity with which it lias beeu received, was really accurate, but tbe records will be materially discounted when I mention that the starts were flying, the course very fast, and moreover that some alterations have recently been " ' ' possibly have made "be starting at Rand- : i c as satisfactorily i . : j .emiugton, owing to ,? u. l -. ation of tbe two 1 -"ir,i-v ;r.i! , . suppose even George thing like as surcess- ..-lbourne; but, apart j ..s --I-! ii'-r :Vs, Mr. Devlin was .. Aim: ! .!.: uite in despitcbing \- ; ,. ds> uoticeably the . 1 Flying 11 andicip, — -j -batch of jockeys lisqualified for three :. --thing more, than \- "- - .. for the position of a I- . .thankful office. I don't remember ever seeing a horse come so fast at the finish of a two-mile race as Britisher did in the Sydney Cup. Altogether out of the race at the turn, ho seemed to drop from the clouds, and, running -right through the beaten' division, tackled tbe leaders, iiuished third, and, a dozen lengths past the post, passed Silvermine and Cerise and Blue. As all-round horsemen, either acrosB country, over hurdles, or on the flat, there are no two better in Australia thau Batty and King, and tho resolute battle between the pair of Caulfield jockeys at the end of the A.J.C. Steeplechase on Saturday will rank amongst their best efforts. As a matter of fact, despite the judicial ver dict of a dead heat, there can be no doubt that Batty just got home by a' neck (and this the jockeys themselves would testify to) ; but if Goodwood had not blundered sliriitlv ait the. last iumn the positions would have been' reversed, as Scobeloff was stopping all to nothing, while Goodwood was catohing him every stride, thanks , to King's determined riding. - ; .-It sounds' rank heresy to speak about lack and the game little Cerise and Blue in the same breath; hut the most ardent admirers of the pony will admit that she would not have won the All-Aged' 8 takes if Maddelina had- not taken it into her obstinate head to bolt across the cbnrae. After playing up as usual at the pott,. Mr. Long 8 filly, the moment the flag fell. Stood on her hind legs, made a couple of bounds, and was in front before they had gone fifty yards, and, linereaaing her lead every stride, was -apparently winplng easily when she gotta the home turn, when evidently desiring "to" jpj straight on in- atead of turning tbe fcorner, she took young Gorry right acrSss the course, and the other two-year- old g '.also 'opening put very Wide, Colley saw his opportunity, .and at once hugging, the fails .gained a couple of lengths, aq.'with Maddelina having a little-fightisrithiGorryDb; herf own account, the Oiipcarinner- wtm some what easily. 1 -had £> good look at hep after the race, and -She was veally more distressed than afterher Cap Victory. - Ose' pfthel fewj-I think 'the only papfr— wlucli tipjpedjefise and Blue for. the... Sydney <5u>_ the ' Bathurtt SanGnel,, jkn ),$aitor.,x4)£ - whieh— dya nerr-wea jakaaktylo see; an fferihg th)rio«rij'.from automaton the eve .iff the race. i, hope he . bucked her 'and ' got home" all right — both pecuniarily and in health — on Wednesday night. Twentt-two was the total o'f the little school of jockeys reported by.Mz. -Devlin, and brought before th£qt$wards, for dis- obedieuce at the post, prior he tbe start for the Sydney Cup. It is, 'perhaps, worth noting that thsxonly three who were not reported were Hales, FllisVapd Steeper. Batty and King, vyho rod® Scoheluff and Goodwood in the , Steeplechase, fioished first and scqn'd ih' the xaine race last year on Deceiver ahd Frugal respectively. 