Thirst for Gold. . ATkrUliag Story of S"o»day. , ; ? CHAPTER XXII.— (Oonffcned.) " " ®bo patient was onpped on the nape of the neck -by Mr. Osmond, and on the glasses drafting, showed signs of conseiousnese, and the breathing was r ; Relieved j these favourable symptoms were neither n .aea nor increased by the subsequent applies- tlon of the capping needles. . 'We have turned the corner/ said Mr. Osmond, cheerfully. : . Bap ! rap ! rap ! came a telegraphic message from Dr. Sampson, and was brought up to the stok room. 'Out visiting patients when yours came. In apoplexy with a red face and stertorioas breathing put the feet in mustard bath, and dash muoh cold '" water on the head from .above. On revival, give emetic: cure with sulphate of quinine. In apoplexy \- " with a white face, treat as for a simple faint : here, emetic dangerous. In neither apoplexy bleed. Coming down by train.' This message added to Mrs. Dodd's alarm j the whole treatment varied so from what had been done. -She faltered her misgivings ; Osmond reassured her; 'Not bleed in apoplexy,' said he superciliously . 'why.it is the universal pr -otice. Judge for your self. > You sea the improvement. Mrs. Dodd admitted it. f.Then as to the cold water/ said Osmond, ' I would hardly advise so rough a remedy. And he is / going on so well. But you oan send for ice ; and meantime give me a good-sized stocking.' He cut and fitted it adroitly to the:patient's head,. ..., then drenched it with eau-de-Cologne, and soan the I " head began to steam. By-and-by, David muttered a few incoherent / v words, and the . anxious watchers thanked God _ " aloud for them. " At length Sr. Osmond took leave with a obaerful . countenance, and left them all grateful to him, and with a high opinion of his Judgment and skill, especially Julia. She said ,Dr. Sampson was very amnsing to talk to, but she should bs sorry to trust to that rash, reckless, boisterous man in time of danger. About two in the morning a fly drove rapidly up -to the villa, and Sampson got cut. \- ; : He found David pale and muttering, and his wife andr children hanging over him in deep distress. He shook hands with them in silenos, and eyed the r patient keenly. He took the nightcap off, removed " the pillows, lowered his head, and said quietly, ' This is the cold fit come on : we must not shut our eyes on the paBhint. Why, what is this Pjihe has been cupped 1 ' and Sampson changed colonr, and his countenance fell. Mrs. Dodd saw, and began to tremble : ' I could \- not hear from you ; and Dr. Short and Mr. Osmond felt , quite sure, end he seems better. Oh, Doctor , Sampson, why were you not here? We have bled bim as well. Oh, don't, don't, don't say it was wrong ! He would have died ; they said so. Ob, = David ! David ! your wife has killed yon.' And she knelt and kisBed his hand, and implored his pardon insensible. Julia clung sobbing to her mother, in a vain at- . tempt to comfor fcrr. Sampson groaned. ' Ho, no/ he said, don't go on so, my poor soul ; you did all for the best, and now we must make the / best of what is done. Hartshorn, brandy, and oau- tion ! for those two assassins have tied my hands.' ; While applying these timid remedies, he inquired : iC the cause was known. Thay told him they fcnaw nothing, but that David had been wrecked on ths \- . coast of France, and had fallen down senseless in the -street A clerk of Mr. Hardie's bad recognised , him, and brought him home : so Alfred said. ' Then the cause is mintal/ said Sampson; ' unless he got a blow on the hid in bein' wrecked.' He then examined David's head carefully, and found a long scar. ' But this is not it,' he said, ' this is old.' Mrs. Dodd clasped her hands, and assured him it was new to her : her David had no /car there when he had left her last. Pursuing his examination, Sampson found an c-pen Wound in his left shoulder. He Bhowed it them ; and they were all as pale as the patient in a moment. He then asked to see his coat, and Boon discovered a corresponding puncture in it, which he examined long and narrowly. ' It is a stab — with a one-edged knife.' There was a simultaneous cry of horror. Don't alarm yourselves for that/ said Samp- . son, ' it.is nothing : a mere flesh-wound. It is the .... vein- wound that alarms me. This school knows nothing abont the paroxysms and remissions of dis ease. They, have bled and cupped him for a passing fit. It hBB passed into the cold stage, bnt no quicker than it would have done without steal ing a drop of blood. To-morrow, by Disease's \- nature, he will have another hot fit in spite of their bleediBg. Then those iijits wonld leech his temples; \- - and on that paroxysm remitting by the nature of Disease, would fancy their leeches had cured it " The words were the old words, bat- the tone and \- manner were so different : no shouting, no anger : -..all was spoken low and gently, and with a sort of sad and weary and worn-out air. He ordered a kettle of hot water and a quantity : . of mustard, and made his preparations for the hot fit as he called it, maintaining the intermittent and febrile character of all disease. The patient rambled a good deal, but quite inco herently, and knew nobody. But about eight o'clock in the morniog he was . . quite quiet, and apparently sleeping : so Mrs. Dodd Btole out of the room to order some coffee for Sampson and Edward. They were nodding, worn out with watching. Julia, whose high-strung nature could dispense with sleep on such sn occasion, was on her knees praying for her father. Suddenly there came from the bed, like a thunder-clap, two words ottered loud and furiously: ' liabdie ! Villain !' Tip started the drowsy watchers, and rubbed their eyes. They had heard the sound but not the seDse. Julia rose from her knees bewildered and aghast; she had caught the strsnge words distinctly ; words that were to haunt her night and day. They were followed immediately by a load groan : and the stertorous breathing recommenced, and the face was no longer pale, but flashed and turgid. On this Sampson harried Julia from the room, and, with Edward's help, placed David on a stool in the bath, i and' getting on a chair, discharged half a bucket of cold water on his bead: the patient gasped : another ; and David shuddered, stared wildly, and put his hand to his head ; a third, and he staggered to his fe-t. At this moment Mrs. Dodd coming hastily into \- the room, he looked steadily at her, and said, 'Lucy! She ran to throw her arms round him, but : Sampson interfered : ' Gently ! gently !' S3id: be ; '. we muBl have no violent emotions.' 'Oh no! I will be prudent.' And she stood . . quiet with her arms still extended, and cried for joy. They get David to bed again, and Sampson teld Mrs. Dodd there was no danger now from the ; malady, but only from the remedies. And' in fact David fell into a state of weakness and. exhaustion ; and kept muttering unintel ligibly. . Dr. Short called-in the morning, and was invited \- to consult with Dr. Sampson. He declined, 'Dr. Sampson is a notorious quack : no physician of any eminence will meet him in consultation.' 'I regret that resolution/ said Mrs. Dodd, quietly, 'as it deprive me of the" advantage of your skill.' Dr. Short" bowed stiffly : ' I shall be at your Bervice, madam, when that empiric has given the patient up.' And he drove away. Osmond, finding Sampson installed, took the politic line; he contrived to glide by fine grada tions into the empiric's opinions, without recanting his own, which were diametrically opposed. Sampson, before he shot back to townatked him to provide a good reliable nurse. He sent a young woman of iron : she received Bampson's instructions, and assumed the. command of the sick room, and was jealous of Mrs. Dodd and Julia ; looked on them as mere rival nurses, amateurs, who, if net snubbed, might ruin the pro fessionals; she seemed to have forgotten in the hospitals all about "the family affections, ard their power of turning invalids themselves into burses. I" The second night she got the patient all to her self for four hours ; from eleven till two. The ladies having consented to this arrangement, in order to reoruib themselves for the work they were not so mad as so intausfc wholly to a hireling, nurse's feathers smoothed themselves pereepiibly. At twelve the patient was muttering and mur muring incessantly about wrecks, and money and things : of which vain babble nurse showed her pro fessional contempt by nodding. At 12.30 she slept. At 1.20 she snored very loud, and woke instantly at the Bound. She tsok the thief out of the candle, and went like a good sentinel to look at her charge. He was not there. She rubbed her eyes, and held the candje over the place where he ought to be ; where, in faot, he must be ; for he was far too weak to move. She tore the bedclothes down : she beat and pal ted the clothes with her left hand, and the candle began to shake violently in her right. The bed wsb empty. Mrs. Dodd was half asleep when a hurried tap oame to her door : she started up in a moment, and great dread fell on her ; was David sinking ? ' Ma'am ! Ma'am ! Is he here ?' ' He ! Who ?' oried Mrs. Dodd, bewildered. ' Why him! he can't be far off.' In a moment Mrs. Dodd had opened the door ; and her tongue and the nurse's seemed to clash to gether, so fast came the agitated words from each in turn; and crying 'Oall my son! Alarm the house !' Mrs. Dodd darted into the sick room. She was out again in a moment, and up in the attics rousiDg the maids, while the nurse thundered at Edward's door, and Julia's, and rang every bell she could get at. The inmates were soon alarmed, and flinging on their clothes : meantim9 Mrs. Dodd and the nurse scoured the house and searched every nook in it down to the very cellar; they found no David. But they found something. The street door ajar. It was a dark drizzly night. Edward took one road, Mrs Dodd and Elizabeth another. They were no sooner gone, than Julia draw the nnrse into a room apart, and asked her eagerly if ber f-ther had Baid nothing. ' Said nothing. Miss P Why he was talking all the night incessant"-.' 'Did he say anything particular ? think now?' 'Ho, Miss ; he went on as they all do just- before a ohange. I never minds 'em ; I hear so much of it.' ' Oh, nurse 1 narse ! have pity" on me ; try and re coil ct.' ' Well, Miss, to oblige you then ; it was mostly fights this time — and Wreoks— and villains— and bankers — and sharks.' ' Bankers ?' asked Julia, eagerly. Yes, Miss, and villains, they come once or twice, but most of ths time it was sharks, and ships, and money, and — hotch-potch I call it the way they talk : bless your heart they knew no better : every thing they ever saw, or read, or heard tell of, it all comes out higgledy-piggledy just before they goes off. We that makes it a business never takes no notice of what they says, Miss, and never repeats it out of one sick house into another ; that you may rely on.' Julia scarcely heard this. Her hands were tight to her brow, as if to aid her to think with all her foroe. The result was, she told Sarah to put on her bonnet, and rushed upstairs. She was not gone three minutes ; but in that short interval the nurse's tongue and Sarah's clashed together swiftly and incessantly. Julia heard them. She came down with along cloak on, whipped the hood over her head, beckoned Sarah quickly, and darted out. Sarah followed in stinctively, but, ere they had gone many yards from the house, said,- 1 Oh, Miss, nurse thinks you had raueh better not go.' ' Hur36 thinks ! Hurse thinks ! What does she know of sae and my griefs ?' 'Why, Miss, she is a very experienced woman, and she says Oh dear! oh dear! And such a dark cold night for you to be out!' ' Hurse ? H urse ? What did she Say f ' Oh, I haven't the heart to trll you ; if you would but come back home with me ! She says as muoh as that poor master's troubles will be over long before we can get to him.' And with this Sarah burst out sobbing. ' Gome quicker,' oried Julia, despairingly. But after a while Bhe said, 'Tell me; only don't stop me.' 'Miss, she says she nursed Mr Campbell, the young curate that died last harvest-time but one, you know, and he lay just like'master, and she ex pecting a change every hour ; and oh, Miss, she met him coming downstairs in his nightgownd, and he said, ' Hurse, I am all right now,' says he, and died momently in her arms at the stair foot. And she nursed an old farmer that lay as weak as master, and, just when they looked for him to go, lo and behold him dressed and out digging potatoes, and fell d >wn dead before they could get hands on him mostly; aud nnrse have a friend, that have seen more than she have, which she is older than nurse, and says a body's life is all one as a rushlight, flares up strong momently, justly before it goes out altogether. Dear heart, wherever are we going to in the middle of the night?' ' Don't you see ? To the quay.' 'Oh, don't go there, Miss, whatever! I can't abide the- sight of the water when a body's in trouble.' Here a drunken man confronted them, ond asked t-hsm if they wanted a beau, and, on their slipping past him in silence, followed them, and offered repeatedly to Ireat them. Julia moaned, and hurried faster. Ob, Miss,' said Sarah, « what could you expect, eoming out at this time of night ? I'm sure the breath is all out of me ; you do tear along so.' ' Tear ? we are crawling. Ab, Sarah, you are not his daughter. There, follow me! I cannot go so slow.' And she set off to run. Presently she passed a group of women standing tilk'ng at a corner of the street, and windows were open with nightcapped heads framed in them. She stopped a moment to catoh the words ; they were talking abont a ghost which was said to have just passed down the street, and discussing whether it was a rra' gbo-t or a trick to frighten people. Julia uttered a low ory, and redoubled her speed, and was soon at Mr Bicbard Hardie's door, but the street was deserted, and she was bewildered, and began to think she had been too hasty in her con jecture. A chill oame over her impetuosity. Tbe dark drizsly silent night, the tall meals, the smell of tbe rivir, how strange it all seemed, and she to be there alone at such an hon<. Presently she heard voices somewhere nesr. She crossed over to a passage that seefied to lead towards them/and then she heard ths voices plainly, and among them one that did not mingle with the others, for it was the voice she loved. 8he started bask aod stood irresolu'e. Mould h« bs displeased with herP Feet csme trampling slowly along the passage. His voice came with them. She drew back and looked round for Sarah. While she stood flustering, the footsteps came close, and there emerged from the passage into tbe full light of the gas-lamp Alfred and two policemen carrying a silent, senseless, figure, in a night- gown, with a gre3t-eoat thrown over part of him. It waB her father, mute and ghastly. The policemen still tell of that strange meeting under the gas-light by Hardie's Bank, and how the young lady flung her arms round her father's head and took bim for dead, and kissed his pale cheeks, and moaned over him ; and how tbe young gentle man raised her against her will, and sobbed over her; and how they, though policemen, oried like children. And to them I must refer the reader: I hare not the skill (o convey the situation. They got more policemen to help, and carried him to Albion Villa. On the way something cold and mysterious seemed to have come between Julia and Alfred. They walked apart in gloomy silence broken only by foreboding sighs. I passed over the tempest of emotions under which that sad burden entered Albion Villa, and burry to the next marked event. Next day the patient had lost his extreme pallor, and wore a certain uniform sallow hue, aiid at noon, just before Sampson's return, he opened bis eyes wide, and fixed them on Mrs. Dodd ond Julia, who were now hi« nurses. They hailed this with de light, and held their breath to hear him speak to tbem the first sweet words of reviving life and love. ' . But toon to their surprise and grief they found he did not know them. They spoke to him each in turn, and told him piteously who they were, and implored bim with tears to know them, and to speak to them. But no, be fixed a stony gaze on tbem that made them shudder, and their beloved voices passed 0' er him l'ke an idle wind. Sampson, whoa he came, found the ladies wesping by the bedside. They greeted him with affection, Julia especially ; the boisterous controversialist had come out a gentle, sealous artist, in presence of a real danger. ... Dr. Sampson knew nothing of what had hap pened in hiB absence. He stepped to the bedside oheerfully, and the ladies' eyes were bent keenly on his face in silence. He had no sooner cast eyes on David than his countenance fell, and his hard but expressive features filled with cono9rn. That wbb enough for Mrs. Dodd ; 'And he does not know me,' she cried ; ' he does not know my voice. His voice would oall me back from the grave itself. He is dying. He will never speak to me agaiD. Oh, my poor orphan girl !' ' Ho ! no !' said 8ampson, ' you are quite mistaken ; he will not die. But .' His tongue said no more. His grave end sombre face spoke volumes. CHAPTER XXII. To return to the Bank : Skinner-came back from the Dodd's that miserable afternoon in a state of genuine agitation and regret. He was human aud therefore mixed, and their desolation had shocked him. The footman told him Mr. Hardie was not at home : gone to London, he belived. Skinner walked away dejected. What did this mean P Had ho left the country ? He smiled at his fears, and felt positive Mr. Hardie had misled the servants, and was quietly waiting for him in the Baok parlour. It waB now dusk.; he went round to that little dark nook of the garden the parlour window opened on, and tapped; there was no reply: the room looked empty. He tried the sa»h : it yielded : Mr. Hardie had been too occupied with embezzling with another's property to take common precautions in defence of his own ; never in his life before had he neglected to fasten the iron Bh utters with his own hand, and to-day he had left the very window un fastened. This augured ill. 'He is off; he has done me along with the rest,' thought 8kinner. He stepped into the room, found a lucifer box, Bhut the shatters, lighted a candle, and went peering about amongst the banker's paper?, to see if he could find a clue to his intentions, and a3 he pottered and peered, he quaked as well; a detector by dishonest means feels thief-like, and is what he feels. He made some lit tie discoveries, that guided him in his own conduct : he felt more and more sure his employer would outwit him if he could, and resolved that it should be diamond cut diamond. The church clock struck one. He startled at the hour, crept out, and closed the window softly ; then away by the garden gate. A light was still burning in Alfred's room, and at this Skinner had another touch of compunction. 'There is one won't sleep this night along of our work,' thought he. At three next afternoon Mr. Hardie reap peared. He had gone up to town to change the form of the deposit. He took care to think of it as a deposit still, the act of deposit having been complete, the withdrawal incomplete, and by no fault of his, for he had offered it back ; but Fate and Accident had interposed — he had converted the notes into gold direct, and the bills into gold through notes ; this was like going into the river to hide his trail. Hext process : he turaad his gold into £300 notes, and oame flying home with them. His return was greeted by Skinner with a sigh of relief. Hardie heard it, interpreted it right, and sent for him iDto the parlour, aud there told him with a great affectation of frankness what he had done ; then asked significantly if there wbb any news at Albion Villa. . Skinner in reply told Mr. Hardie of the distress he had witnessed up at Albion Villa, ' And sir,' said he, lowering his voice ' Mr. Alfred helped to carry the body upstairs — it is a nice mess altogether, sir,, when you come to think.' ' Ah ! all the better,' was the cool reply, ' be wilt bejuseful to let us know what we waut : he will tell Jane, and Jane me. You don't think he will live, do you?' 1 Live ! no ; and then who will kno w the maney is here ?' 'Who should know ? Did not be say he had just landed, and been shipwrecked ? Shipwrecked men do n"t bring fourteen thoustpd pounds ashore.' The speaker's eyes sp irklsd Skinner watched him demurely. ' Skinner,' said ho solemnly, 'I believe my daughter Jane is right, and that Providence really interferes sometimes in the affairs of this world ; you know how I have struggled to save my family from disgrace and poverty ; those struggles have failed in a great degree, but Heaven haB soen them, and saved this money from the ssa, and dropped it into my very hands to retrieve my for tunes with. I must bs grateful ; spend a portion of it in oharity, and rear a noble fortune on the rest. Confound it all 1' And his crestfallen countenancs showed some ugly misgiving had flashed on him quite suddenly. ' What, sir? what?' asked Skinner, eagerly. 'The Receipt!' CHAPTER XXII E. 'The reospt? Oh, is that all?' you have got that,' said Skinner, very coolly. ' What makes you think so?' inquired the other, keenly. He instantly suspected Skinner, of hav ing-. # , ' Why, sir, I eaw.it in his hand.' ' Then it has got to Albion Vil'a, and we are ruined.' Ho, no, sir ; you won't hear me ; I am sure I raw it fall out of his hand when he was taken ill; and, I think, hub I wont be sure, it fell out of his hand when he was. taken ill ; and I think, but I won't be sure, he fell on it. Any way, there was nothing in his hands when I delivered him at Albion Villa ; so it must be here ; I dsre say you. have thrown it into a drawer or somewhere, pro miscuously.' ' Ho, no, Skinner,' said Mr. Hardie, with increas ing alarm ; it is useless for us to deceive ouraelvrs ; I was not three minutes in the room, and thought of nothing but getting to town and ca'hing the bills. ' . He rang tbe bell sharply, and on Betty coming m, asked her what she had done with that paper that was on the floor ? 'Took it up and put it on the tible, sir. This wsa it, I- think.' And she laid her fiDger upon a paper. Ho, no 1' said Mr. Hardie, ' the one I msan was muoh smaller than that.' ' What, said she, with that astonishing memory for trifles people have who nevsr rsad, ' was it a littls crumpled up paper? lying bv the basket?' ' Yes ! yes ! that sounds like it.' - ' Oh, I put that into the basket.' Mr. Hardie's eye fell directly on the basket, hut it was empty. 8be caught bis glance, and told him she had emptied it in the dust-hole as usual. ;Mr. Hardie uttered an angry expatriation. Bit'y, an old servant of his wife's resented it with due dignity by toB-ing her head as she retired. ' there is no help for it/ said Mr. Hardie, bit terly ; we must go and grub. in the dust-hole now.' 'Why, sir, your name is not on it, after all.' 'What does that matter? A man i3 bound by the act of hie agent ; besides it is my form, and my initials on the baok. Oome, let us put a good face on the thing. And he lead the way to the kitchen, and got up a little laugh, and asked the scullery- moid if she could show Mr. Skinner and him the dust-hole. She stareed, but obeyed, and the pair followed her, making merry. The dust-hole wes empty. The girl explained : ' It is the dustman's day ; he came at eleven o'clock in the morning and carr'd ail the. dust away, and grumbled at the paper and. the bones, he did. So I told him beggars musn'fc be ohoosers; just like his impudence! when he gets it for nothing, and sella it for a mint outside the town,' The unwonted visitor left her in dead silence almost before she had finished her sentence. Mr. Hardie sat down in his parlour thoroughly discomposed; Skinner watched him furtively. At last the former broke ot : ' This is the devil's doing flhe devil in person. Ho intelligence nor ability to resist euoh luck. - I almost with we had never meddled with it : we Bhall never feel Bafe, never be safe.' Skinner made light of the matter, treated the reoeipt aa thrown into the sea. ' Why, sir/ said he, j 'by thiB time it will have found its way to that monstrous heap of ashe-o on the London road ? and who will ever look for it there? or notice it if they find it?' Hardie shook his head : \Tbat monstrous heap, is sll sold every ye\r to the farm ere. That receipt; worth £14,000 to me, will be strewed on the soil for manure. Then some fanner's man, or farmer'a boy that goes to a Sunday-school, will read it, see Captain Dodd's name, and briDg it to Albion Villa, in hopes of a sixpence-- sixpence 1 Heaven help -the man who does a doubtful act, and leaves damnatory evidence on paper kicking about the world.' From that moment, the cash Hardie carried in his bosom, without a right to it, began to blister. He thought of telling the dustman he bad lost a paper, and setting him to examine the mountein of ashes ou the London road, but here caution stepped in. How could he describe the paper without awakening curiosity and defeating his own end ? He gave that up. If was bsttir to let tbe sleeping dog lie. Finally, he resolved to buy security in a world where, .after all, one has. to buy everything, so he employed an adroit agent and quietly purohased that mountain, the refuse of all Barkington. But he felt so ill used, he paid for it in his own notes; by this means the treaty reverted to the primitive form of barter : ashes for rags. This transaction be concealed from hie confederate. When he had completed it, he wa« not yet secure, for another day had passed and Captain Dodd aliv6 still. Men often recover from apoplexy, especially whan febey survive ths first twenty-four hours. Should he live, he would not now oome into any friendly arrangement with the man who had so nearly caused his death. So then good-bye to the matrimonial com- binafion Hardie had at first relied on to patch bis debt to Alfred, and his broken fortune. Then as to keeping the money and defying Dodd, that would be very difficult and dangerous ; mercantile bills are traceable things ; and criminal pvosccutione awk ward ones. He found himself in a situation he could not see his way through by any mental effort ; there were so many objections to every course, and so many to its opposite. ' He walked among 2 res,' as the Latins say. But the more ho pondered ths course. to be taken should Dodd liv6, the plainer did this dilemma stare him ia the face ; either he must refund or fly the country with another man's money, and leave behind bim the name of a thief. Parental lovo, and the remains of self- respect, writhed at this thought ; -and with these combined a sentiment less genuine, .bub by no means feeble ; the love of reputation, do it was with a reluctant and sick heart he went to the shipping office, end peered at the posters, to see when f h« next ship sailed for the United States. Still he did not go. Intent ou his own sohemes, and expecting every day to be struck in front, he did not observe that a man in a rusty velveteen coat followed him, .and observed this aofc ; and indeed all bis visible acts." Another prrpl -xily was, when he should break. There were no objections to doing it immediately ; aud no objections to putting it off. With all this the man was in a ferment. By day he sat waiting and fearing, by night he lay sleepless aud thinking, and though his stoical countenance retained its composure, the furrows deepened in it, and the iron nerves began to twitch at times, from strain of mind, and want of sleep, and that rack, suspense. Hot a night that he did not awaken a dozen times from hio brief dozes with a start, and a dread of exposure by some -mysterious, unforeseen means. It is remarkable how truths sometimes flash on men at night in hours of nervous excitement ; 'it was one of these nightly reveries David Dodd's pocket- book -flashed back upon Mr. Hardie. He saw.it before his eyes quite plain, and on the inside of the leather cover a slip of paper pasted, and written on in pencil or pale ink, he could not recall which. What was that writing ; it might be tbe numbers of the notea, the description of the bills. Why had he not' taken it out of the dying 'man's pocket ? ' Fool ! fool ! ' he groaned : ' to do anything by halves.' Another night he got a far severer shook. Lying, in his bed, dozing and muttering, as naual, he was suddenly startled out of that uneasy slumber by three tremendous knocks at the street door. He sprang out of bed, and in his confnsion made sura the officers of justice had come for him : he began to huddle ou his slothes with a vsgue notion of flight. He had got on his trousers and slippers, and was lookine under his pillow for the fatal cash, when he heard himself called loudly and repeatedly by name: but this time the sound came from the garden into which bis bedroom looked. He opened it very softly. in trepidation and . wonder, which were speedily doubled by what met his eyes ; for there, right in front of his window, stood an unearthly figure, corresponding in every particular to that notion" of a ghost in which we are reared, and which, when our nerves are healthy, we can ridicule as it deserves; but somehow it is never cleaned out of our imagination so thoroughly as it is out of our judgment. The figure was white as a sheet, and seemed supor- nat-urally tall ; and it cried out in a voice like a wounded lion's, ' You villain 1 you Hardie ! give me baok my money, my fourteen thousand pounds. Give me my children's money, or may your children die before your eyes : give me my darling's money, or may the eternal curse of God light on you and yours, you sooundrel ! ' And the figure kneeled, on the grass, and repeated the terrible imprecation almost in the same words, that Hardi3 shrank bavk, and, resolute as he was, cowered with superstitious awe. But this eentlment soon gave way to vulgar fears the man would alarm the town. And in f set, Mr' Hardie, in the midst of his agitation, wa3 dimly oonsoions of hearing a window open softly, not very far from him. But it was a dark night. He put bis head out iu great agitation and whispered, ' Hush ! huBh ! and I'll bring it you down directly.' Internally oursing his hard fite, he got the fatal cash, put on his coat, hunted for the key of the Bank parlour, and having found it, went softly down the stairs, unlocked the door, and went to open the shutters. . At this moment his ear oaughfc a murmur ; a low buzzing of voices in the garden. .He naturally, thought that Captain Dodd was exposing him to some of the townspeople ; he was puzzled what to do : and like a cautions man as he was, remained passive, bnt on the watoh. Presently the voices were quiet, and he heard footsteps oome very Blowly towwds the window at which he. stood, and then mtke for the liifcle gate. On this he slipped into the kitchen, which faced the atraet, and got to a window there, and listened. His only idea was to catch their intentions, if possible, and meet them accordingly. He dared not open ths windo t ; for above him on the pavement he saw a female figure half standing, half crouch ing : but soon that figure rushed wildly out of his sight lo meet the footsteps, and then he ventured to open the window and, lieteniog, heard cries of deshair, and a young heartbroken voice Bay her father was dead. Ah ! — that is all right/ mu'tered Hcrdie. Still even lira profound egotist was not yet so hardened, but that he felt one chill of horror at himself for tbe thought ; a passing chill. He listened and listened ; and by-and-by he heard the slow feet recommence their journey, amidst sobs and sighs; and those sorrowful feat, and the sobs aud sighs of his causing, got fainter and fainter, retrea'ed, and left him in quiet possec- sion cf the L14,000 be had brought down to give it up : two minutes ago it was not worth a3 many pence to him. . He drew a long breath of relief. ' It is mine I am to koap it. It is the will of Heaven.' Poor Heaven! He went to his bed again, and by a resolute effort composed himself, ani determined to sleep. And in fact ho was just dropping off, when suddenly he started wide awake again, for it recurred to him viriily that a window In his house had opened, while David was cursing him and demanding bis children's money. "WUat window P Half-a-dozcn people and more slept on that side of the house. Whose window conld it b3 ? He walked among fires. (to be continued.) Or exchange of commodities withouttlie aid of i money. 