The NIovelist, ILMARAPIAEIL ACTRESS.. BY INA LEON CAS ILIS Author of" The Young Widoroer," " M Cadell's C~arpet Bags ~c. fc. "Can't say. Might know 'is voice again; but, Lord !daresay Ishouldn't. HIe was a riglarlong ghost o' misery, yourfriend, mawater--walkin' about to save burial expenses-haw, haw ! An' he was in a bloomin' 'urry for the body-must 'ave it in a week. I wasnt again to murder nobody for im; he could do that job for' issel, i seckon. And then the body musn't be to tall or too short, or wary stout or wery thio. I was a'most a tellin' the chap as 'e'd best make a body, What did a sturgeonu want to be so (adjective) pertikler for -that's what I want to know ? ,, "' What, indeed ?" Ilma said care ]essly. "It is neceasarysometimes to have a body of a particular build." "'Is it now ? Well, that's what the chap said; bus, tell the truth, I didn't :arfbelieve him-thought, maybe, he wanted the body for some mischief; but that wasn't my business-'special as he paid a good long price for the ' commodation; soit was worth while takin' some trouble abbut it. I might pr' aps ' ave managed to get a body off a chap at Millwall as I knows on; but, as luck would' ave it, the very next night I come across jest what was wanted-feller about five foot eight-and looked like a clerk, or somethin ' o' that sort-your friend wouldn't have a labour in' chap that wasanother thing. (How intent ly the girl listened to these sickeingo details!) I was in a small boat a-look in' about for a body so I 'ad 'im abroad in a minnit, and brought 'im in 'ere-the chap come that same ,ight again to know if I'd got his bod ;'an there it was just the right thing. " '" But how did he get is away ?." asked lima. Her heart seemed to be ±heobbing in her throat. " Easy enough, mawater. He'ad the body took to a place jest down by •BlackfriarE-maybe ye loau't know the place ?" "No; I know very little of Lon d?on. " 'Wll, let me tell ye, " said Bran confidently, "' it's mighty 'andy for this sort o' thing. Nobody don't notice nothinkin them parts -'special at night. Tbere's a sister o' mine livin, down there-in Londons, Rents-and, Lord ! yer might murder yer mother thexe and nobody'd med dle. So this ' ere doctor he tells me to pull up there the next night an' he'd meet me. So I takes the body up, au' there he was, sure enough, chap; and they shoves the body into a box, and drives off. " "Theyhad acart?" ' In course- you're green. They couldn't carry a body far betweoen emr without 'avin' somebody atop o' them could they?" " Was the other man a surgeon . " saidIlme, knowing that Bran was now too far gone to attach anysus picion to a direct question. '" Lord ! no-a rough-lookin' chap. I didn': 'ardly see 'im-it was dark .-as pitch. I'ad'nt no call neither to bother my 'ead 'bout 'im." "IMy friend had a surgery near, no doubt, " said Ilma, shaking the ashes -from her cigarette. "Maybe! " said Bran, winking, and then bursting into a loud guffaw. "You seems to think there was Sfoul play, " observed the girl, quickly. "Not a bit of it, mawster-I dessay it was allright, " returned Derrick, Schecking his merriment-" but he scas bloomin' pertikler' bout the body. Any'ow it was 'is business, not mine. " " You're a wise man, Mr Derric k ls Miss Derrick still in Lodon's. Rents ? " * The proprietorsof the "Herald" have pur chased the sole right of publishing thisstory in tte Colony. ', Miss "oo0? Liz Brown, d'ye mean ? That's my sister's name. She's buried two' usbands--Miss Derrick -haw! haw I 'Course she's still in London's Rents; she've 'ouses of her own. Say, mawster, any more gin in that there bottle ? ' Ilma poured out all that remained, and rose. " I must be off now," she said. " See here, friend "-laying a bright sovereign on the table--" that's pledge money, and I'll run down again che day after to-morrow-some time at night. When shall you be in ? " "Day arter to-morrow ? "said Bran, clutching the gold. " Not be fore nine. " " All right. You'll see me at uine then, and if I do levant, " she added laughing, " you'll have got a sov. for nothing. " " By the way. " She paused on her way to the door, and came back astep. "I suppose its being Nfnter will not make any difficultry ?" " Why, 'couree not, it makes it a sight easier. Nights is darker. " " It was in tue winter you got tho body for my friend?" " Jest on Nowomber. I mind that well, cause it was just afore that murder up in Blackfriar's where the chap killed the cashier and looted the bank, an'' asat never bin' eard on as I knows." "You seem very positive about the time, " said Ilma, :pleasantly. "' Course I'm positive, younug man-' causeI knows,. There was a dealtoo much talk ' bout that there murder to forgit it; makes o' land mark like. " "It might well do that. Good night, friend." nGhood night, mawster." Bran had drunk the remaining spirit, and was now gettiig rather stupid. Ilma opened the door and went out; in another moment she was in the street. There for one moment she paused-.atching her breath drinking in even this foul air with thankfa!lness; it was fresh and pure jomparedl with the horrible atmosphere she had just quitted. Her heart, too, was will, every pulse was throboing -the goal seemed all but gained; the hideous bondage in which she lived almost ended. Oh, she was webll repaid for what she had gonie through that night! But only for a moment did she stand still; she dared not lin ger in this dreadful place; she hurri ed through the wretched street, and breathed more freely when old Gravel lane was gained. Behindt her--on I the other side of dck bridge-rose the walls of St. Peter's Church; on either side of her rose drunken shouts and songs-the words of which wero happily undistinguishable, roared in drunken chorus. At the top of th,, lane a fight was going on between some English and foreign seamen, a small crowd looking on laughing. Ilm a saew a t.ll priest in cassock and biretta trying, it seemed, to part the combaptants; but, site did not wait to see this issue; she kept well in the shliadw, and walked quickly into the Hichway. It was now nearly ten o'clock, and Ilma more tltan once found her onwitrd passage impe:ded. A half-tipsy soIman asked for a "bit of'bc:ic,," anti had Ilma been less self-posse.ssd and ready witted, would have bemn ,bstr pertus; "I never sa ike 'leaep," she said, cheerfully ; I "but here's lwhat will get you baccy or a drink--whihever yu like," and she g.wave tihe fellow twplonce. Shame less women spoke rto her; but.she an answr'ed them a jest, and escaped; yet all the time she was tromblingin wardly, and when she reached the Mint, and felt herself really safe, she stoplpe!, h-lf-lizzy with agitation, her knee, shaking, her tongue feeling like iron in her mouth. She quickly, I however, regained her self-command, aided by the fierce elation that tiled lier, and continued her way. She had now to get back to the house in Up.- i per- Brook-s:reet unobserved. SIte had left this part of the business to be managed at the time, trusting to her I own quick wit, and it did not fail her. I She would try a coup doe mait. She i hailed a cab at the top of the Minories I and was driven to New Borid-staeet. CHAPTER XXXI. THIE ,IAN IN THE ULSTER. A sharp rat-tat-tat brought the in imitable Jarvis to the door of Randal individual, w ai with a rather off.hand manner, if Mr. Kynaston was in. "No," replied Jarvis, coldly. "Nor?Mdlle. Raphael?" ".What do you want with Mdlle. Raphael?" still more coldly. "Well," if you'll tell her I'm a friend of Miss Rbsie Ashford, I think she'll see me. Mr. Johnson, if you want my name." Jarvis softened a little "I'll see if Mdlle. Raphael is in," he said, if you'll step into the hail. Ilmna obeyed, and Jarvis went across the hall and along the passage to Miss Bertha's sanctum. This was lima's opportunity. Quick as any Sexpert thief, she, whipped an overcoat from its peg on tile hall rack, and sped noiselessly upstairs, gaining her own room just as Jarvis came out into the hall again. She heard the man's loud exclarnations of wonder, presently followed by Miss Bertha's deep mas culine tones in stern reproof, and so irresistablo is the influeuce of the hu morons on a temperament keenly alive to comedy, that Ilma, little inclined as she was to laughter, laughed with in tense amusement as shle heard the commotion below. She wasted no time, however, but hastened to remove her male attire and the stolen coat and lock it safely away, and to wash the paint from her face and don the garments of her sex. In ten minutes she was ready, but she did not intend to go into the drawing-room again to. night; why should she go throngh the torture of meeting Kynaston, when every nerve was on the stretch. It was near eleven now; she could say she was tired and needed rest; but she had never telt less tired-she was far too much excited for fatigue. She put on a dressing gown, threw her self in a low chair by the fire, and rang the bell. We had no idea you were in, Miss, said the servant who answered the summon9, and MIr J8arvis is in such a way about a thief that came and ask ed for you. I came in a quarter of an hour ago, said Ilmna, with my latch-key, of course I passed a man on the steps-a man in an ulster and felt hat. 'That w.s the thief; said the maid volubly, and htow one of the master's ,oats was missing. Ilmna laughed. Poor Jarvis! said she, tricked for once. I don't know any one namea Jolhnson. Bring me some tes, please, Mars!hall, I am tired. I shall go to bed soon. kIarshall retired, and in a short while brought the tea, and Ilma was more lone. She drank the tea, for her throat was parched, but she could not eat anything, and felt, no need for fond. She must think now, not what her next s'tep should be, for. that she had decided upon ; but how to accomp. lish it. She must seek out this Liz Brown who dwelt in Loudon's Rents, 3Hlackfriars, and ascertain if the woman had anything to tlail her; lut this would be a more perilous aiventure than to-night's and to-night she had had more than one inarrow escape of inconvenient, even danogerous notice, Loudon's Rents was evidently a dis reputable place; very likely even worse than Bran Derrick had stated it to be, and his account was significant enough, LizBrown's abode might be one in which no one, man or woman but woman especially-would be safe. Liz herself was amore formidable per son to encounter than her brother. Woernen are keener sighted than men: women of a low class more brutal than men: let this creature once imagine that there was any attempt to find out anything, and short work would probably be made of the enterprising questioner. MIake up, act as she would, II.na could not banish all re finement from her person and speech; youth and beauty move for the first time in her life against success; she i was to tall for a street boy; besides, in that character, how could she gain any "confidences " from Mrs Brown ? ' " What shall Ido?" she said to t herself, "if I could have asked him I to come with me; but that is impossible: I if he saw me now he would turn away from me! Oh, Vere, if you could I only know the truth-if you could 1 only know my heart! Will you ever know it? Will you ever take my hands in yours and say ' I forgive.' I could not be your wife; you would orglvo you--only tell me st ty useve true-and 1 can face the blank years *to come. She covered her face, sobbing con vu]lsively. If she could have seen Vere Estcourt at that moment-known bow he struggled with the forces that were drawing him to her side again, she would have taken comfort;but there was no diviner to lay bare to her lover's soul in this hour, and so she must suffer still. She lifted her head presently, and rallying, turned back to the stern purpose in hand. Shecould not sitdown and weep beneath the willow, she said to herself; she must work on steadily to the goal; but when morning came she had not arrived at any definite plan for visiting Loudon's Rents, and at dawn she sank into a troubled sleep, and dreamt weird terrible dreams, in which she always saw the great ebony cabinet in the drawi ig-room below; but at last she dreamt that Vere Estconrt was sitting by her side, and that he bent towards her and kissed her, and spoke her name softly. She woke with her lips quiver ing and her eyes full of tears. CHa?pTER XXXII. Ail ODD REQUEST. ILMA kept up the next day her capricious treatment of Kynaston. One hour she would talk to him, smile at his gallantries, sing for him; the next vote everything a bore, turn his best speeches into ridicule, and audibly wish for the evening when she would have somebody else's company than his. By the way, she owed Sir Capel Tollemache his revenge, she liked Sir Capel, he atole a flower from her last Sunday, and he flung a lovely bonquet on Thursday night. Then she would relapse into silence, take up a book, or play pieces she knew Kynaston could not understand, him if he epcke to her. Miss Bertha looking on, observant but sdlent, philosophised on the rank folly of men who allowed themselves to be made the playthings of beautiful coquettes. Ranual must be mad to suppose that this girl would ever marry him; more mad yet to dream that shbe cared for him. But le, even when hie writhed under her sarcasms, or secretly fumed at her neglect, had no more power to shake off liher in fluence than he 'had to live without breathing. IThe most slavish of all passions is thpt which has init no element of true love. " Why do you treat me s'?" he said, coming near to Imn as she sat at the piano in the drawing ron p;laying in half careless fashion. It was luncheon, and Miss Bertha sat t her usual knitting, at the other silde of the room. Kynaston, bending down to ILma, had his back to his sister. " Treat you how ? " said the girl, coolly, striking a new chord-" No, that will not do- a wrong harmony let me ses"-trying another combina tion, " Yes--that is behotter. I have a great mind to essay to cposition, " she added, laughing. She soemedto have forgotten Kynaston's question. "You know I am no judge of harmony, "said Kynaston impatient ly. " What if the use- " " Of assuming that I asked your opinion, " interrupted Ilma sauci'y. " I shouldl never dream of such a thing. Lord Estcourt, now-" A quick movement-a smothered exclamation on che part of Kynaston, made her stop playing and look up at him with a cool, innocent stare. " Well, "sihe said, ' what have 1 said ? Has Lord Estioatt ever done you a benefit that his name is to you an offence ? " It was not easy to face the impas sioned look she met, but Ilma did face it steadily, without a change of clour. ' You are trifling with me, " said Kynaston, in a low voice. ' You know why I hate Estcourt's name." " Because you are jealous I sup p. s , " returned the girl, nonchalanmly. " but it is really very absurd, as I told'you once before. I have heard that sort of thing as often and seen how little reality there is in it, that I often think the stage and everyday life have changed places, and the peo ple one meets~in the world are made up and playing parts rather than the people behind the fo stlights. Do talk in adifferent strain. You do not know how these platitudes weary me.' bo youa bo~~lWanato liSve me mad ?" The girl started, and shrank a little. Her head drooped. Do you really care so much ? " she said, unde: her breath. "You know 2 do." Helaid his hand on hers. Asit rested on the keyshers was trembling a l;ttle, on that or sapphire in a ring she wore flashed and scintillated. She drew it away quickly. " Mnr Kynaston, "she said, coldly, " we are not alone" " Forgive me! -let me speak to me alone then ! " "No, no, not now; and truth to say, " resuming her bantering tone again, "I have no faith in what you say. You are like the rest-your life at my feet-devotion-death for my sake--nod old galmut-and yet there is not one real sacrifice that one of you would make-you would not even give up smoking. " " l'ry me-prove me-you shall find one man trub at least-more true, ten thousand times than these prin ces and nobles----" " Oh, Mr Kynaston ! " the girl lifted her hand, laughing merri ly-" that is so exactly the kind of thingthe impecunious lover says in melodramas;the great are always wicked and forget that, after all, I have tried you, and found you wanting. " " Tried me. How ? " ' Oh, you have forgotten all about the dog" Kynaston paused, changing col our. " If you knew what T suffered,'" he said, flatteringly. " Did you be. lieve me ? " Ye-as, " a little doubtfully. "Well, I will put you to another test. " She turned round, looking.coquettish ly about the room, as if seeking some mode of to ea sing her would-be lover, and suddenly her eyes flashed. "I have it, "she said. "A small thing that cannot tax very severely your capacity for selfeacrifice. Satis lymy feminine curiosity-open that great rabinet "-pointing to it as she spoke- ' and show me its contents ! " She looked up into his face with a straight, clear, wistful gaze, as she had done when she asked for the dog, and she saw in his eyes a flash of fear ? She saw thathe held his breath; and slight and orief as was that loss of self-command, it must have been something that came upon Randal Fynaston with a terrible end wholly unexpected shotk to make him (and that was the second time) to show that he was startled-startled to the soul; this time, too, the failure was more marked; the recovery was complete. He laughed almost at once -but the tone was forced-not forced (as Ilme's fine perceptions showed her) by the recoil from deep emotions to a triviality whicn she had compell ed, but in the effort to control a new feeling-a fear which her careless, apparently merely trifling, question had evoked. Thereis nothing in that cabinet, he said, I told you that the first time you saw it; and also that I have not the key. Do you want me to break open and damage the doors to display to you-a vacum? Not a word was lost on Miss Ky nasten. Ilma was convinced of that, though the knitting needles had not ceased, and the grim head had not even been raised; but now Mise Ber ashe paused in her work, and said "Mdile. Raphael cannot wish to have a work of art spoilt for the sake of a passing whim. Certainly I should object to any such folly." "Hush, Bertha!" Eaid Kynaston, frowning and gnawing his lip. Ilma rose up without speaking, walked to the cabinet, examined thle doors and then turned round. " Prizing the doors open would damage them a little, Mr Kynaston, no doubt," she said, with a kind of cgrave sauciness. I do 31O care about looking into an empty cabinet; I only wanted to prove the equal emptiness of your protestations that you would donnythingforme. A whim! What then? A man once sprang into an arena before an angry lion to please a woman's whim. "A romantic story.:' Kynaston was pale with mingled feelings. You cannot believe that, Ilma. 1 do; but that was in the days "i en kTIga s d .g?a gent les, foraIady's love, Would spear a dragon. Yet even in these times some men will do more 'for a lady's love' than damage an old cabinet. The Prince de-swore that he was dying for my sake. He was a connoisseur; he had a priceless Psyche; I bade him, if he spoke true, destroy it; he raised the hammer to obey, when I arrested hisarm. You think him a fool; yet you profess to do as much, or more. Lip devotion, that is all-' words, words, words!'" Sbhe broke intomer ry,mocking laughter-Jeanne Samary could not surpass her laugh, on or off the stage-and moved from her place towards the door. Kynaston stood still-speechless, dumb foundered. This girl set at nought all his ideas about women; set him at nought with the most imitable sang frold; played shuttlecock with him, or set him up as a but for her wit and fun, as school boys set up a snow man to pelt it into the chaos was Kyaston's mind just now; yet as the girl reached the door he turned towards her with a half-con fused passionate gesture, as if he would arrest her movements. She stopped and looked at him care lessly. "I thought you were going to open the door," she said. A red flush rosii to the man's face; he stepped forward and laid his hand on the door knob. " Are you fiend or angel?" he whispered, bending down to her. "Neither, " she answered, readily -"only a woman; perhaps a woman is a make-up of fiend and angel! but that question can hold : just now I want to dress for dinner." Rynastcn opened the door Pbruptly, and when Ilma had passed out he fol lowed, but he did net offer to inter rupt her again; he went quickly down stairs into his study and shut himself in. But Ilma, when she reached her room, clenched her hands S"As if to hold her soul's great agony," and paced thelfloor like one distracted. "Oh, God 1" she said, "to laugh, to jest, to flirt-in that room-and yet -yet, I may be wrong. No; his face- the fear! Father, father!" 'she stopped still, choking with emotion-" is the vengeance near at last-at last!" CHAPTER XXXIII. LOVE CONQUEBS. Thestar of the Atlas Theatre had never shone more brilliantly than she shone that night in the saloon over which she reigned in the dubious splendour of an empire without hon our' No lack of guests where Ilma Rapha61 could be met. Was she not the fashion? Were not even ladies who pounded her charaeter into dust over tea-tables glad if they could talk ofhavingspoken to her, o seen her any where ? nor did some of these ladies go to ' KEynaston's, " and rather took pleasure than not in the more than spite of naughtiness attaching to the the proceediug. After all no one couldbe more delightful than Rap hael. she was not an atom like ether comic opera singers ; she was a per fect lady, highly accomplished, a girl who would grace a cornet, &c.; ; thus this evening there were some female faces notolften seen in such company as that of the Vansittarts, Bonfantis, and La Clercqs--ladies who would have been indignant at any aspersions cast on their own fair names, and would open their eyes in professed stonishment if told that they were gossiped about the clubs. The rooms were rather full to-nigh~t but not inconveniently crowded. Ky naston, masking his feelings, as was habitual with him, made himself even more than usually agreeable to his guests. He had not the least intention of quarreling with Ilma; he had gone dangerously near it that afternoon; but it would never do. If he felt jealous to see her receiving and en couraging the homage of other men. he must not suffer his feelings to get the better of his worldly wisdom. The Atlas Theatre was a splendid success i company; and the salon Ky. naston was, through her, becoming; the rage. The girl knew her power, and used it; she could make him feel it bitterly if she chose: besides, the men really was enslaved by the beautiful artist, and if he hbd no worldly interest to serve he could not have shaken off the chains that bound him. Play at the card tables went merri ly and briskly; but Ilma:did not play to-night. She looked on care lessly now and then, flitted about, talk ed sang, and flirted sometimes flatter ing the men. sometimes mocking them; but she avoided Kynaston, though even he did not perceive it. He was playing ccart5e with Lady Melton-a lady who patronised Monte Carlo and Newmarket, but against whom nothing could be said; and a popular opera tenor was singing a new song in the next room, when the door opened softly, and unanounced, L,)rd Estcourt entered the cardroom. Every one looked up-several ex cla;med. Kynaston gave one swift glauce into the room before he laid down his cards and rose. Ilma was sitting apart, talking with Sir Capel Tollemache ; her head was bent down wards; she was evidently not aware of L',rd Estcourt's entrance. " Pray don't let me distnrb you, Mr Kynastom," said the young man, shaking hands with his host, " I heard singing in the drawing-room, so I told Jarvis not to announce me, and came quietly in this way. I see Mdlle. Ra phael over there. I will go and speak to her." It was at this moment that Ilma, perceiving there was some movement among the guests in the direction of the cardroom, looked up and saw YoVere Estcourt. The wild thrill that shot through her heart took her breath fur one second; the next she had master ed herself, and when Estcourt came up she rose with a careless grace and gave him her hand, smiling. "An unexpectedpleasure," she said coolly, almost coldly, immediately withdrawing her ha'd, though-or perhaps because his touch made every nerve quiver; and she sank back into the fauteuil from which she had risen, adding, mockingly, "Perhaps you ran away to show us all how little we could do without you!" Estcoult understood too well the bitterness that underlay the taint to be wounded by it; perhaps he deserv ed it, and in that reflection there was pain; but his self command, like hers, was equal to the occasion, land with a slight bow he answered " I am sorry I have given you cause, Mdlle. Raphael, Ito :credit me with so much vanity, and so little gallantry. 'Bravo! my lord-quid pro quo, is it not, Sir Capel? • 'fot bad," replied Sir Capel, who did not at all admire Lord Estcourt's appearance on the scene, and was de lighted to seehim snubbed. Estcourt leaned his hand on the back of Ilma's chair, and observed, glancing down on Sir Capel's not unclouded oounten ance " I am too happy to have gained Sir Capel Tollemaihe's good opinion; it is some compensation for the loss of Mdlle. Raphael's. Tollemache bit his lip: he could not take overt offence at the speech, because it was made in a manner of studiously free from the contemptuous irony which the words themselves contained. He tried toturn the mat ter off with a laugh, but Ilrna camei to the rescue. •' Faith, my Lord Estcourt, ifI have a poor opinion of your gallantry, you do your bes: to justify it, she said. She did not look up to his face; she dared not do that; but she rose from her seat, and giving him a sweeping glance that did not reach his eyes, she turned and sauntered away. Sir Capel sprang up and followed. Lord Estcourt's teeth were set tightly for a moment, ane he drew a long deep breath; but he moved quietly from his position, and taking a vacant place by Miss Yansittart, began talking to her in his usual manner. Ilma went to the piano and sang an Italian bravura; but when the guests crowded round and asked for something else, she rose, and shaking her head, went into the cardroom. Would she play ? She glanced back into the other room; Estcourt was watching her, she knew, though he did not seem to do so; she had half amind to play because she knew it would pain him; for an instant she wavered; but her better angel pre vailed. She turned away; no, she would not play now; bah! how, hot the rooms were. In tiath she felt suffocating; this tension was agony She must have a few mo mente alone-a few moments to collect herself, She lifted a heavy curtain that veiled a long ante-chamber, ter minating in a conservatory. The air was cooler here; but it could not cool the fever in her veins. She sat down at the farther end of the room, near the conservatory, and the fragrant scent of flowers and leaves was waft ed towards her through the open doors as long as she lived she would asso ciate that vague sweet scent with a memory rf ineffable pain. She clos ed her eyes in a dumb agony. She dared not give way for an instant; she must struggle for calmness-for perfect self-command. Her hands were trembling now; they must not tremble. She wasbreathing in quick unequal breaths; she must breathe steadily, as usual. But she seemed to be struggling in vain; the passion of her anguish racked her to the centre. " Cruel? cruel?" was the cry that never reached the quivering lips, "he. might have spared me this shame, he might have spared me? A light stop on the polished floor made h.r start and open her eyes; to spring to her feet with the hot col our flushir g cheek and brow; but look ing beyond YoVere Estoourt with a frightened gaze, to the curtained door way. Now, alone with the man, she could not taunt or bauter; there was appeal rather than reproach in her half whispered question "Why have you come to-night? . Why have you sought me now ? No no "-recoiling-" do not touch me? I want strength, and you make me weak ?" But Estcourt paid no heed to her prayer; he caught both her hands in his own, drawing her forcibly close to him, such passion in his heart that at first he could not speak, and when he did his voice was hoarse and trembl ing Why did I come to-night? he re peated, because I could not keep away. It was you who brought me back, no will of my own. That strove to drag me from you, but it was pow erless- "( Oh, hush! hush !" Ilmainterrupt. ed, "spare us both; it is only torture to meet. You have condemned me Ithe world has condemned me. Leave me, for God's sake?" " 1 have not condemned you? Is that what you believed that you flung a taunt in my teeth the first moment I met you to- night? If I thought you false to me-t:o yourself-all the love I bear you would not bring me to your side and make me clasp your hands in mine, aa I do now- my life my soul? " "VYore ?" There was a mist before your eyes-the "sickening rush of joy made her dizzy-he still believed her true, despite the damning weight of evidence against her? No; that could not be; in the bewilderment of her ecses she must have misunder stood him; or he was carried away by passion, and scarce knew what he said -perhaps, for the moment, he thought he had faith in it; but graver mo ments would condemn that faith as folly, infatuation; then, too, in the sharp reaction, came upon her again the woman fear of prying eyes and prating tongues, end she tried to draw her hands from her lover's clasp. "You must not speak such words," she said, hurriedly. "You cannot mean them-oh, no, no-notnow" as he would have spoken again "leave me-I beseech you- this room is free to all." "Then come with me here-one mo .ent, "said Lord Estceurt, draw ing her towards the conservatory. " We can be alone for a little while. You must come Ilma." As she still hesitated, his clasp tightened. Look and tone warned her that it would be usuless to offer further resistance. She yielded, and suffered him to lead her into the conservatory Then, when glancing back, Lord Estcourt saw that they were screenedt from observation if any one should enter the ante-room, he paused and took her in his arms, folding her to him, pressing his lips on hers and so close he held her to his breast that each heart :scarce seemed able to beat, and the long clinging kiss seemed drawing her life into his. Oh, if she could have died then, before her cruel fate tore her away again from this mighty love ! •' Ilma! " YoVere whispered esent. ly, "look up-look~ into my ey es." she obeyed him; his gaze held her's for a full minute then he spoke aftn. " Doyou tnrst me now, Ilma? Do you still belicve that I doubt you ?" "No. Oh, Ven, if I could die ,ow ! If I could die now I " It was allshe could say. nhe old dizziness came over her agair, and she leaned tremblingly on her lover's heart. "' Mly own love "-his lips pressed her golden hair, her brow, her lips again-" I have so much to cay to you that cannot be sid here and now. Do not start. I only claim to be your friend. I ask no confidence in re turn. You shall nt deny me this me light. I mu. see you alone, to.morrow. if possibe. Tell me when R"?ay come. " "'You ask me !" said the girl, passionately,' to rccept too much I You crush me to thi earth. I cannot bear it. " " You will bear it, for my sake flma. Your will ?my resist my will, but love cannotreist my love. " "' Oh, God-no "' He bent over hir tenderly. "When may I come to you, lma ? " i " To-morrow--at twelve. '" "My darlin--thsnks I "Once more he kissed th, beautiful face, and with an eflort, rehiased her, and left her alone. 'Bhe came back to the drawing-room five minutes latei, and no one saw her. If some, who had missed her and handsomeVere Estcourt to gether, thought there had been a tete-a fete between them, what then ? Women in Ilma's position are free in such matters. Kynaston was too wise to breathe eren a passing word of pleasure ;but ne was uneasy as a manager, as wellias jealons as a man. It would never do it Ilma should break her engagement and run off with Lord Estnurt. She was not likely to take such a step as this; but there seemed a possible contingency of her transferring her patronage from Upper-Brtok-street to some house of Lord estcourte's choosing. ]Might not the attraction'of being the lawful head of Randal Kynaston's household weigh something against the doubtful honours YoVere Estcourt would confer? It seemed, Kynaston reflected, as if the time was quickly approaching when that question must be put to the test-and why not to morrow ? When Lord EEtcouit was taking leave of Ilma, she contrived to say to him in a low voice, " Will, you come to-morrow, bring Unser Fritz with you ?" " If you wish it "-" he smiled a little-" but some people do not care about admitting too large a dog into a house. Will Kynaston object ? " The giri's eyes flushed. " Only bring him, " she said. " I will care that hers not refused en trance. " And Estcourt gave the required promise. CHAPTER XXX1IV. EaTCOWUT rxEEPs HIs PROMISE. " T.dlle Raphael, can you spare me a few minutes ?" It was near twelve o'cleck, and llma having been all the morning in her own apartments, busy over profession a'iwork-at least she had said so ?as just entering the drawing-room ostensibly to fetch a book, when Ky naston met her at the door. She looked at him in some surprise, then glanced at her watch, and hesitated, in .order to gain time. rShe knew what it was that Kynaston wished to say to her, and sme had no intention of re ceiving an offer of marriage from him at this moment; but-she reflected rapidly--Estcourt would be here in a few minutes; he would be shown into the drawing-room with his dog (for she had purposely abstained from giving Jarvis any special instructions Sconcerning him); why not, therefore, grant Kynasten's request, take him into the drawing-room, "play" him ..,'tI Estcourt arrived, and so bring about the situation which she desired, and which-bnt for this lucky rencoatre -she could not have hoped to arrange. "I have an engagement at twelve," she said, after that brief pause. " An engagement! You mean that you must go out? "No; someone is coming here Lord Esicourt." A quick frown contracted Kynaston's heavy brows. S"Stil!," he said, mastering himself, and laying his hand on the drawing room door, " it is not twelve yet, and Lord Estcourt may not be punctual." He is always punctual, and is certain to be so to-day," said Ilma. Lord Estcourt would never be remiss where v lady was in question. Pardon me? I meant no reflection on his conrtesy-or-o.r devotion ; but is mine nothing to you ?--1 ask only a few minutes. He half opened the door, Ilma bowed her head, and passed slowly across ihe threshold, Kynaston follow ing. SWhat can you have to say to me ?" she asked, turning round. She had glanced at the clock over the mantel piece, and saw that it wanted but one minute to noon. * Kynaston stepped forward eagerly, and would have taken her hand, but she drew back. " No," she said, quietly, " I will not pretend any longer to misunder stand you. I divine, at any rate, something of your purpose; but " even as she spoke her quick ear caught the sound of hoof strokes-"I have given you no right to assume that what you shall say to me will bs wel come," "You do misunderstand me!" ex claimed Kynastpn. Yon think, no doubt, that I, as others have done, would urge on you a dishonourable suit-" " Bold," cried the girl, suddenly; " I hear footsteps-it is lord Estcourt. No more now-it is impossible." Perhaps nothing is more exasperat ing and discomfiting than to be in terrupted in the midstof a declaration and few men, if so caught tripping, by a third party, are able to assume, with even approximate success, the air of unconcern which is proper in the altered circumstances. To Ky naston, however, self-command was second nature and angry and awkward though he felt, he instantly-stifling an oath- walked towards the window (it was too late, he knew, to escape from the room), while Ilma, stooping over a table, began turning over s me of the books, as if looking for one. The door opened, and--- I will tell Mdlle Raphael, began Jarvis; then, seeing Ilniam, changed his note with the readiness of a well bred servant. Pardon, Ma, amselle--Lord Estcourt. Ilma had lifted herself, and held out her hand, smilingly. Kynaston turn ed from the window, and advanced to meet the visitor, but halted abrupt ly; then, as Ilma noticed, moved a few steps onward again, so as to be nearer to the ebony cabinet. A gigan tic wolf --hound had followed Estcourt into the room, and on this splendid animal Kynaston's eyes were fixed with a look of shrinking horror wholly distinct from fear, as Lord Estcourt saw at once, for he glanced swiftly from Kynaston to lima as if seeking on explanation. " Oh, my lord," said the girl, quick ly, ~r. Kynaston cannot endure dogs. He has a kind of antipathy to them as some people have to snakes; but what a beauty Fritz is?" She bent over the hound, caressing him tender ly. I am very sorry, said Lord Estcourt, addressing Kynaston, "I bad no idea, of course, that you disliked dogs; and my friend here is such a general favourite Oh, my lord, pray do not apologise. I am ashamed of my weakness--but these things are constitutional. "We will take Fritz away with us, said Ilmn. Will you come with me, Lord Estcourt ? Fritz shall not come near you again she added to Kynaston. She put her hand fearlessly on the animal's collar, and led him out of the room. Lord Estcourt, pausing only to bid adieu to Kynaston, follow ed her, and she led the way to her boudoir. This apartment opened from a small ante.room, and before crossing this, Ilma. somewhat to her companion's surprise, stopped and locked the door. You will understand presently, she said, and opened the door of the boudoir. This room-which was of medium size-was luzuriously furnished; but had it not been for the upholstery and the velvet pile carpet, one would have thought it rather a study than a boudoir. The piano was in a plain but handsome case; a writing table (evidently often used) stood near the window; there wrre several objects of art and profusion of books and music; but the usual bruc-a brae of the "bou doir" was coaspicious by its absence; nor did spider-legged tables, loaded with trumpery ornaments, lay snares for the unwary visitor. Just now, however, Vere Estcourt had omly a vague and general impression of the room; all that he saw definitely, and all that he wished to see, was its mistress, and to her he turned, open ing his arms. " Ilma I " She did not resist the appeal; nay; she clung to him, as he clasped her in his arms. Why not drink all the sweetness fromt-he cup while it was hers to taste ? Soon enough she must drink the bitter dregs again-but they would not be as bitter as of Vere Est court's faith was hers; their lives might be diided, but he would love her and honour her always. " I told you lest night, " said Estcourt, breaking with an effort the long silence, " that Ihad some things to say to you; but ;now that I am with yJa, and hold you to my heart, I was only to keep you there, and be silent ; and you-do you feelthe sime Ilma ?" "Ah, yes-but we may not. I have something, also, to ask of you; but speak to me first. " Estcourt placed her in a low chair near the fire (before which Fritz had already established himself)' and. drawing bark a few steps, leaned his arm on the mantel piece, looking down on the girl for a minute or two with out speaking. Then he said "Ilma, when I saw you last, when we parted, yon told me that your life was vowed to a purpose, and that purpose compelled you to °be in this house-" " Yes," she said, as he paused. She gave him a fleeting, hlf-.appre hensive look. " Do not be afraid." he said gent ly, "I shall not press any question, and whether you snswer me or not it will make no difference in my sac tions. Kynaston holds, or you think that he holds, a secret that you must discover-so much you have told me-and to gain that secret you " he paused, and set his teeth for a second-"you use your woman's in fluence with Randal Kynaston; you encourage him to believe that he may oneday win. Yes she said again a little wonder in her tone for there was no sternness no reproach in his. And is this bondage indefinite ' The girl locked her hands suddenly together. Mother of God! I will not think that! she said. It may end soon ;but if the clues I have dis covered fail me then I must go on and sooner or-later I must discover the truth. You still withhold the secret from me Ilma ? I dare not tell you! So be it ! iHe stepped forward and knelt down by her side passing his arm round her and drawing her head down on his breast. Ilma, he said, very softly, putting a stern command on himself, "I told you last night that I would be your friend. I mean that all that a friend would do for you, I will be, not lo- ! ing you only as a friend; that can never be. My heart, my every thought my life are yours; but--now that you may be free, fettered by no sense of I obligation-it is as a friend that I would serve you. If I can help you, come to me I am your slave, to do as you shall require of me, asking no questions, seeking no confidence-not a lover from whom you would shrink as looking for a reward exacting deference to his primary claims; but one who asked no reward, whom you can trust as a brother, though it is not as abrother he loves you. Will you grant me this prayer, Ilma? " How could she refuse? To doso would have been almost to force upon him the position he renounced. He had left her in pain.and grief, if not in anger. She wronged him by the apparent sacrifice of her fair name; she chose to consider herself bound by a higher obligation than any their mutual love could impose. But he could not so abandon her; he had striven to seep away from her, he had striven in vain. Yet the relations he had sought once he would not seek again; that was impossible; she was free from guilt; bot her name was blemished : he must ever love her as a lover; but he would not be more to her than a friend ; a friend she must need, and as such he could serve her; beyond that servtc he probably did not or would not look; the future must take care of itself ; it was enough that as a friend he could help Ilma--be some times with her, even though she lived in Randal Kynaston's house, and the world justly condemned her; so Ilma read Vere Estcourt's prayer; and if there was some added bitterness in hearing his renunciation from his own lips,yet she had never hoped to see him her lover again, and there was sweetness in his presence-in his help; a happiness that sbe would not, daredl not cast aside. Vere, she said, at length, for she did not answer him at once, you are very, very generous to me! I do want your help-I want a man's help and of all the men I know, you are the only one I can trust. I am nof generous, Ilma-only sel. fish. It is such joy to serve you that I cannot wish you independent of my help. I would you had been with me two days ago, aaid the girl, shuddering a little, for I went on a strange errand among strange people, and more than once 1 would have given worlds to have had you with me ? Ilma ?-a little sternly, as he drew her clcser to him, you put yourself in no peril? Where did you go?-tell me? Where did I go? she said, lifting herself a little to a den in Ratoliffe-; no, no! not in woman's dress; I am not mad. I-was disguised as a youth. I had to seek out a man that could aid me in my quest. I went down to the East End on Saturday night and found the man in a public-house in Old Gravel Lane- Ilma ! Estcourt went white to the lips passionate with pain. Oh God, that you shouldrun such risk and I not near to shelter you ! He bowed his head down on her shoulder;he had been so impotent then. Ue could not even ask her. Why could you uot have sent for me ? There was no real danger and it is all over now Yere whispered the girl, tremulously and passing her fingers carelessingly through his dark curls. You make me fear to tell you these things. No no! he said, hurriedly lifting hishead again. I will be a stoic if showing any fear for you make you keep anything from me; but would you have me feel less keenly the pain of knowing that you were among such scenes and such people ? Ab, no, Vere it is not that; and indeed T will keep back nothing that I can tell you. I had nothing to fear from the man I went to see; he is rough and common, but not criminal, and my journey was a success. When I tell you all the truth, Vere, you will think I am reading a page from a romance. Would that it were! Do you want to hear about my adventures in East London-my first experience of Ratcliffe? You know I do, Ima. So Ilma told him all-only keep ing back the nature of th secret she had learned from Bran Derrick, but telling him the man's name and who he was. Estcourt was true to his promise ' he asked no question. Ilma went on' after a pause. I told you that Der rick was not a criminal. His share in the crime that I am tracing out was only collateral. What he did was with no knowledge of assisting in a crime. Estcour:, do you know London's Rents, Blckfriars? No; I never heard the name. (2o be continued.) 