WAKES. ? ? ♦ ? « Waking' is one of those ancient, but by no means laudable, Irish customs which still hold their ground, yet by no means to the extent nowadays that they used to do, amongst the peasantry and poorer people of the towns, in spite of remon strances, both lay and clerical, as much on sanitary grounds as any other, apart from the wretchedly indecorous exhibitions they involve. Some most shocking tales ?bafe been told of theouteomeof these ex hibitions, specially in those daysof old when ghoste aud hobgobblins, witchcraft and sorcery held sway «3««ng the masses, both in Ireland and England. A contributor to a Sydney paper has recently furbished up many curious facts connected with some serious phasesat wakes, both over the liv ing and dead. The most hideous wakes that took place in Ireland, the writer in ques tion says, were those that were held over the patient in anticipation of death— namely, when a capital convict was allow ed to be waked in prison by bis friends the night before bis execution. I have seen persons who have been present at these orgies, which the laxity of prkon discipline permitted in former days ; but now they are discontinued. One of these horrid exhibitions is celebrated in the famons slang song of ' The night before Larry was stretched,' the authorship ot which has been variously attributed to John PhHpott Curran, Peter Bnrrowes, and a facetious Waterford shopkeeper, nicknamed ' fiurl foot BilL' The gaol on those occasions was in an uproar all night, and the unfor tunate convict, as often as not, joined in the ghastly revel, rising from bis coffin for his share of whiskey, aud mingfin^ as well as his fetters would allow him, in the free fight which not infrequently followed amongst his mourning friends. The custom is noticed by the author of ' Ireland Sixty Years Ago.' I cannot better con dude than with an extract from the work in question : — ' When so many petty offences were punishable with death, and commitment oa suspicion was so often bnt the stepping stone to the gallows, it was natural that, to the unfortunate felons themselves, an execution should be stripped of all the salutary terrors in which alone the utility of cap ital punishment consists, and should be by them regarded as an ordinary mis fortune in their coarse of liCe. The nume rous instances recorded of utter levity and recklessness exhibited by convicts on the very verge of eternity clearly shows this to have been so, not merely in Ireland, but in tbe sister kingdom. The practice of pris oners selling their bodies to surgeons, to be dissected after their execution, was common, we believe, to both countries, and tbe anec dote of the felon who took tie money, and then told the snrgeon, lnnaftiwgj that 'it was a bite, for he was to be hnng in chains* — we believe we can hardly claim as Irish wit. But there was one trait, evincing a. similar careless indifference, which was peculiarly Irish. The coffins of condemned malefactors were usually sent to them, that the sight might suggest the immediate prospect of death, and excite corresponding feelings of solemn reflections and prepara tion for the awful event. From motives of humanity, the friends of the condemned were also allowed free intercourse with him during tbe brief space preceding his execuv tion. The result was that the coffin wasi converted to a use widely different from that intended. It was employed as a eaaT table, and tbe condemned, wretch spent his last night in this world gambling oa it.' 