r Table Talk. JIJI, tlio Princess of Wales, Is In n vory unaatls L state of lionlth. Sho Is suffering .from an pcly itupleasnnt affeatlon of the oya. It npponTS [the trouble Is not in the oye itself, but is con Ll with the severe clipthoiio sore throat with |h the Princess wits ivttftokeci this winter. Curiously ph, the young Princess Louise has caught this eye llion from her mother,, The Princess of Wales is lufferlug from a bacl foot, and is so out of health 1 spirits that she requires a thorough rest and Itoisk Mr, James MnoBuin has made a grievous Tab in making a kind of an apology for identifying jell with The Women's Hospital Bazaar :—" He »that some people had qualms of conscience as to (her it was right to support auoh an institution, but ku perfectly satisfied in his own mind that this Station did not enoourago vioo. To alleviate dis |iid not give n premium to vloe or wrong-doing in pe whatever," Anyone who knows how to read Jeer, these lines will at onoe see that the question jopriety had been debated in many a drawing-room ■that some ladies had oome to the oonolusion that pgh the object was deserving of their sympathy as ji Wr pocket was eonaerned, they could, however, it with their personal efforts at the bazaar, |fwllain evidently had that idea in his mind when logised" for opening the bazaar. IhUlrald that the spirit of mutiny develop [wong the mediaal students of the Melbourne I Jtnity will culminate ona of these days in open P». 'I'ho young 11 sawbones," as Mr. Sam Weller ! to call tbem, aomplain, and with some show of It that the medical faculty is not represented as feht to be in the Council, while law and arts have preponderance. The civil engineering stu 3i>ho grumble in very muoh the same strain ; and ^ something is done, and that speedily, the best f5lj ot University will' suffer. It is oharacter r the llv,vyera that they should get the lion's i anything they couoern themselves with, and. r ® the University is concerned, they seem to [Wpretty will I ^''D that the conference which, was L?6Wl A^miral Tryon and the Australian" 1111 Admiral's Cabin of H.M.S. " Nelson' must have been a vory edifying spootaolo. Mr, Girl filths, Queensland, la ft lawyer, Sir Patrick Jennings, of No^v South Wales, la a squatter, and Mr, G-ilUes, of Victoria, a professional politician—all honorablo men enough no doubt in their roapectlvo spheres, but whoso knowledge of naval matters Is scarcely moro oxtonsive than that of Sir Joseph Porter, K.O.B. In plain unvarnished English, the conference Is a ridiculous farce, for which the colonies, at no very distant date, may have to pay the piper at a very exorbitant price, If we aro to have a oolonlal navy, the details should be arranged by com petent men, who will hold the balanoe true betwoon tho interests which are broadly Imperial and those wliioh are exclusively colonial, I have the most com plete confidence In Admiral Tryon's patriotism and seamanship, but 1 do not forget that ho Is an Imperial officer, and dlreotly responsible for his actions only to the Lords of the Admiralty, * * * JUDGING- from a notice by Mr, Edmund Yates, In The World, Admiral Tryon Is not considered such a great personage In London as he Is in Australia. "I wonder,1' says Atlas, " who it is who has the burning anxloty to know the every-day whereabouts of Bear Admiral Tryon, Oommander-in-chiof on the Australian station ? I aissume thero must bo people curious on this head, sinoe no day passes that the Naval and Mili tary Intelligence column in the Times does not afford the information. Now the great ' George1 is at G-lenelg, now at Sydney. Who pays for this momen tous telegraphic information ? and whom, in the name of Neptune, can it interest ?" When the mail left London Dr. Tyndall was lying ill at Albermarle-street, where ha had been confined to hia room for six or seven weeks. Prof, Tyndall suffers from a cerebral ailment which shows itself in the dis tressing form of sleeplessness. m * Princess Metternioh has at her own expense sent a Viennese doctor to the French capital to study M. Pasteur's method of inoculation. Is it not time that the Victorian Government officially recognised this' now method of treatment, and took steps to render it available in this colony ? I AM informed on good, authority that Mr. Stuart Cumberland's father was a butcher at Oxford, and that the family name has not always been Cumberland. !I AM glad that Mi'. Stuart Cumberland did not succeed in bamboozling the Sandhurst folks as he did the , Melbourne, people, Tho: attendance at the first •imhov, according to tho local papers, was so wretchedly small, that Mr. Oumborland would not glvo his porfor manoo. Tho Sandhurst pooplo evidently know better how to Invest their spare sliver than pay for witnessing Mr. Oumborland searching for a pin. - , * * * The Hon, Ivo Bligh has recently joluad the art class which Is conducted by Mr*, M'Oubbln, In connection with the Public Art Gallery, The distinguished crick etor Is a dally attendant at study, and Is making rapid progress. * * *. Ih a breaoh-of-promise suit recently brought against Mr, E, J, Baldwin, a Oaliforulah millionaire'the plain tiff claimed £100,000 damages, and tho jury awarded her £15,000,' * * SPIRXTUAX.XSXIO olrclos have'received a severe shook, J-Iitherto the faithful have, by accommodating mediums hold loving intercourse with tho spirits of the departed, and have been rendered happy by learning that exist ence in oxtra- mundane realms Is altogether blissful. But now it appears that some of the communications written on " spirit-slate3," have been horribly blasphe mous i and it has dawned upon at least one Spiritualist that it is as easy for bad as for good ghosts to present themselves for interviews at mimes. Geokge Augustus Sala's article under the head ing of "Australasia on Wheels," is a really amusing effusion. He devotes three columns of the Dondon Daily Telegraph, to explain the reason why he hates the Australian buggy and loves the "hansom, which he considers even superior to its London prototype. " I abhor the buggy," soys the much travelled Sala. " Why do I hold it in detestation ? Because the Austra lains seems to have buggy on the brain. They not only revel in riding in it themselves, but strive to inflict it on the stranger within their gates. You arrive ip a town ship after a wearisome journey by ooaoh or by rail So soon as ever you reach your hotel somebody's buggy is waiting to drive you to some place miles away, per haps, in your seeing which somebody takes the keenest of interest, but for which you do not care twopence halfpenny. You want to rest, to change your attire, to read, to write. No ; that infernal buggy is at the door ; and if you put your foot down, and resolutely decline to be driven, you know not whlthor, by you know not whom, it is certain that you will run con siderable risk' of finding yourself denounced in the local newspaper as a " snob " and a " cad," as one who " gives himself airs," and " puts on side." All because you have refused to be driven to M'Kockey's Gt-ully or Bon Bandicoot's Jump in a buggy. Ab a raoonttmr Sain Is occasionally good, bub I am afraid ho is glvon a littlo to romanolng, I oxtmot tho following us a spoelmon, "Nor throughout my oab oxporlonoos of near a yoar did I moot .in. Australia with raoro than two oabmon who wore abBolutoly drunk, Tho llrHt, In Molbourno—It was lato at night, and at'tor tho thoatras wore ovor—was an abualvo ruffian who wanted three thuos raoro than hla faro, and , was anxious to light mo for tho clifL'oronoo, Tho sooond in Sydnoy—It was also rathor lato at night—was raoro embarrassing than irritating in his behaviour,. Ho was alfootlonatoly, effusively, and tearfully drunk, ITo doolarod that ho had known rao from a ohild, and that ho loved mo as a brothor, and when, dosoondlng from ills box, ho flung , into tho gutter—as though spurning ignoblo dross—tho half-crown whloh I prof forod him, and, tolling tho howling mob of'larrikins who surrounded us that I was tlio " grnndost Professor on tho . Plannerforty 'pon tho 'olo Hearth," foil in a passion of weeping on my shoulder, ray feelings may bo more easily imagined -than described, I fanoy that :tliis good follow was a roaonb importation from London, and that somobody had told him that I, too, was a Oookuoy, and in some way oonnootod with him, Ho did not do mo any harm, and a friendly polioeraan oamo ttp and gently shunted him," Thmum is ono little inoidont in ooxmootion with tho Easter manoeuvres, trifling onough in itsolf, but prog nan t in its suggestions, which should not bo lost sight of. It: is reaordod that Mr. Lorlmor and General Downos, Ministor and Socrotary of Defonco respectively talcing a hint from the voracious chronicles of tho Arabian Nights, set out on a voyage of adventure, and aotually succeeded in sealing the parapet'of tho Queons olifE fort, and having a line of pickets on the isthmus without being peroeived, while the whole garrison Svas presumably on the qui vim to repulse the attnok of an imaginary enemy. That two oldorly and not over active gentlemen should accomplish such a feat is a very remarkable oiroumstanoo, and stands out in bold relief from the unqualified adulations which have been heaped upon the vigilance and efficiency of our citizen soldiers. . * * A oobrespondent writes':—"Tho thanks of ovory respectable man in tho community is duo to Tattle TALK, for the fearlessly outspolcon way in which it has oondemned tho action of thq IleraUl in connection with the prize fight between Lees and Farnan, There can be no doubt that sensational, reports of these biutal 'exhibitions have a most degrading influence upon the morals of the rising generation, and your evening contemporary in publishing them is incurring a responsibility of the gravest kind." Just let ma pick a few holes in tho Herald's " Our London Lady's Letter," published on April 27th, The information that Lady Olark did give Miss Thomas a sitting for a portrait, was published in Table Talk on April 22nd. The mythioal lady in tho Herald an nounces that " Miss Hodgkinson of Melbourne is en gaged to Commodore Warren, a cousin of Sir Charles of that ilk." The marriage took plaoe on March 1st' and the particulars were published in Table Talk, on April loth. The omniscient lady of .the Herald states that "Madame Eugenie Legrand' is at present at the Hotel Continental, Paris, but returns to London next season." This will bo news to Madame Legrand who has been in Melbourne nearly a month, and whose arrival was chronicled in Table Talk at the time. The Herald is a great authority on church doings and prize-fights, but its society news will fail to cause a sensation. A paper like tho Herald should be above "scissors and paste" without acknowledging, and it would not make such absurd mistakes. ~ " Messes. Jubal, Fleming- and T. Stapleton, who, when in Melbourne, belonged to the "Swindling Sweeps' ■ Fraternity" have, sinoe tho Gaming and Lotteries Act made it too hot for them inJVictoria, transferred their sphere of operations to tho cooler and more congenial climate of Hew Zealand. They started in partnership as "sweepists" in Christohuroh and ran the "Robin Hood Company" for the purpose of promoting "Consultations on Ilaolng lOvonta," llooontly tho partners foil out, and l>y Homo means ono of tbom managed to wooop all flio money, standing to their joint credit, out of tlio Hank' Both partloa aro now blackguarding oaoh other In letters liisortod by way of advertisements, In tho Ohrlstohureh nowHpapoi'H, And a protty quarrel lb Is, Tho affair HuomH so far to have boon nobbled, by Fleming paying ovor to Staploton td()17 11 a. 2d., as his share of tho pro fits, Tho quarrel now hqwovor Is about "woundod honour." \Tn Ylotorla thoso mon would have tliolr woundod houour salved by His Honour In tho Criminal Court for running swoops, * ' + * , Paiu's Sooloty has boon greatly interested and scan dallsod by tho rooont duol botwodn tho Prince Amdddo doBroglloand tho Vlsoomto do Tnklorn, These two gentlemen married two oo-helrossos of tho Ghlttonu do Ohauraont, a famous hlstorloal onstlo on tho Loire; Mv and Madame do Trddorn havo lately , boon judicially soparatod, owing to his behaviour j and tho quarrel between the two brothors-ln-law, which ended In a duel, Is supposed to liavo arisen out of soma dolloato question rogardlug tho torms of the separation. Neither separations nor divorces—slnoo divoroo has boon legal ised—aromuoh In tho oharaoter according to tho taste of the French, who think lb more dignified and <lo molUeur go (It to Ignore, as far ns possible, marital offences, and simply to live each their own life, but under the same roof and bearing tho same name. The London scandal arising1 out of allegations of cheating at cards; has lb appears, come to a head, and a certain Mr. Rioketts has ooased to belong to Boodlo's Olub and the Orleans Olub because ho has failed to convince the Committees of thoso Clubs that ho was not In league with persons who turned t the king at doartd with a frequency so groat as to be suspicions. » . ; Dublin Sooioty is just nt present discussing the conduct of Mr." Parnoll, as disclosed by the following statement which had been received from New York through a Oontral News telegram;—"Mrs, Parnoll, 'mother of the chief of the Irish Parliamentary Party, is in a nearly destitute condition, and lives on tlio fourth floor of a malodorous tenement. She has boon confined to hor room for four months past, suffering from neuralgia and gout. She says, however, that she is quite comfortable with good friends. She hoars from 'Charley' often; the letters are of an affectionate oharactor, never political; If it were not for her friends she would be without money, and would pro bably bo evloted from her lodgings." ~ * . # I AM informed that Mr. Peter Campbell has written a letter to the Hon. Alfred Deakin, Chief Secretary, claiming £5,000 for having been detained 20 months In gaol on account of his wife's proceedings. The sale of four hundred and eight pictures from the Dulce of Marlborough's collection will take place during the last week in June and the first fortnight of July. Amongst the pictures to be sold is Carlo Dolol's match less " Mater Dolorosa," for which the late Lord Dudley first ofl'erod 15,000 guineas, and then 50,000 guineas, in conjunction with gems which afterwards only realised 110,000 guineas, and:tho Teniers gallery of one hundred and twenty paintings. 50,000 guineas have been offered for the picture of the third Duke of Marlborough and his family, and 18,000 guineas for theFortune Tellers,", by the same artist, but Mr. Justice Ohitty could not be prevailed on to give the necessary sanc tion. In addition to the pictures, Messrs. Christie and Manson will also sell on aocount of the " Blenheim settlements" the famous Marie Antoinette Sevres table, for which the late Duke refused 0000 guineas, and the collection of Oriental china bequeathed to the fifth Duke, as a reward for having given it houseroom in one of the lodges during the lifetime of its eooentrio owner. * * " There is every indication that the Onkaparinga races will, be unqsually • successful this year. Horses are being freely backed, and at present no money can be had about popular doubles. The sporting public is hoping bookmakers will come from Melbourne, in which case new life will be instilled into operations." This is an extract from an Adelaide telegraphic message in a Melbourne dally paiitsv, and only n wholes,, for tho law of llbol, i\h rooontly laid downl,yhul Mi\ Justloo Hoh'oycl, prevents mu from c\p(CJ oandld opinion o£ It, Why hIiuuUI liookmJ Incited to descend lllto wolvos on tiro Onhl lambs through tho columns of an ostomy 1 ablo.pnpov ? : ■1 * * _ A CHtAKAO'i'MUlHTKl talo oomon from ImlJ Mngllsh oflloor o£ a particularly short toin|i« i interview. lately'with a petty Indian prince,wl tho lli'st a98umacl,au all1 of superiority, wldchl tho lilngHshmnn, At last, as tho Interpreter cd to ropotfc remarks of the Hnjnh's, which, to i least, wore not wholly complimentary to Hngl oflloor oonld stand It no longer, but mlalug 1 qulolcly ho gavo the Interpreter n sounding su tho f aoo, " Thoro," lie orlocl, turning on hUkctfl translate that to tho llnjah, will youf" Atult^ vlow olosod abruptly, M u. B, L. I1 Ait<n<;oN Is a voiyftttto genius n(l sometimes of the Australian colonlea l,0 Wvif Bomotlmos with wonderful pathos and J sight of the Loudon guttor oUUdvon, wholt.prl time beoomo gaol birds, sud of tholr surroinidi] of many phases of humble llfo, ntul now lie tail] into an elaborated allegory In throe volume.). is fascinating is to bo expected ; that Ithm al purpose; than the more amusement of Itlm dawns upon the rondor by degrees. HU Intetl the island sot " in a Sllvor;Si!a.!:,.is a kind of I the men and women who live tliure lend sltnplel the orthodox type, and their chief error Is thl attitude they assume towards those who M from the paths of virtue, To their shores coi course of the narrativo, two polished men of t from whof^boy hold somowhnt aloof; Am r" * 1 and n hunchback who speaks ^'foplgranu, al ultimately reads thom some pretty sharp lesson book is a very straugo ongj|full of poetic Imaa noble thoughts, Its aspirations arc far Grundy's standard of morals, and the ciosinJ where two men, dying in a cave of weird heal clinging to the arms of a glgantlo cross, bid eaJ good morning, is very lino. * * , Miss Hastings, aunt of Mr. G, W. Hiutlol died at her residence at Malvern, England, oij 12, at the extraordinary age of 103 years, lived another day Miss Hastings would have col her lOlth year. Notwithstanding her greatf retained the use of her faculties to the lad, j only boon ill a few days prior to her death. * • M', T-EIiTjIEU, the well-known Paris boat-b deolined to sell a rnolng boat to the CreWdj Club, on the ground thnt the order given to only a German dodge to procure designs ofl workmanship, that tliey may be imitated, thoughtfully adds that, when ho has helper, In' the taking of Berlin, as he hopes to do, In able to deliver the boat personally, Ihd widow of Prince Ypsilanti, the hlj Minister in Vienna, has, in consequence o band having left his aifnirs la a state of < ment, declared herself bankrupt, The Princj amount to about £-100,000, The Princess to] herself liable for nearly £30,000 of this Jtifflj dorsing some of her husband's bills, » * * ,1 It would appear, according to the Cardial bishop of Sydney, that the verdict of the vh| ised world -in condemning tho ngrngrka o Ireland has been a false one, On the coot tragedies as the Phoenix Park murder, mid thej burnings, and dynamite explosions which taj panied the crusade of the Land Leaguers nothing more than " the dispassionate acceofl dom asserting the national rights of frciaruljj Mr, O'Donovan Kossa and the gentlemen enST him in preaching tho gospel of murder aj cease at once to be bloodthirsty, blundcrhijj and are surrounded by His Eminence with if halo of pure and disinterested patriotism reign of terror justified, with far more consil the sans culottes of the French Bevel"''011' mT^iwh Imigimgo. lllt» tl10 Mn«llsh, has just BciifWifid '■>}'n IWW tum oi: 01'lm0, 'J,'° throw tile HLer of n /iiftocy cut of window, that ho may |)0 ■ llHl („ dciitli In tlm stroota, la to " Wntrlnlao " ■ bccniiw U'uti'iii \m tho immo of fcho englnoar ■w,j[n,s miirclorod by tho dlaciontontod minora nt tllie. ■ *' ■ivwiJiTVllloln tho Unltod Stiitoa Is rapidly <to« lrte|ilotiiwJ(i«on«a In whloh, ua oompnred with Hil Buro/wii 80Ilts loa|,n'ntfi It lifts ' hifchorfco ■ihilclciit. Advlooa Urora Yftlo, for oxnmplo, allow llidfnahmon and the Sophomoroa liavo onllvonod Imilwrwv of Washington's birthday by a frbo [Wtwn tho two bodlos, In which. "hungers " I ciww) mid "oaiinon omokors " woro utilised Lily- :■ ' riERHfi Jt/r.KS Hurath, Uio well-known pub [,wh'odloJ ftt Monto Carlo on Mru- oh :17th,.,was '»(chartnM, Joth January, 18U, and wont to at the ago of II, to continue hie studios nt tho jto College, Ho afterwards truvollod for sorno ladcrniauy and Switzerland, returning to Purl's 35, Ho wrote in connection with many woll uulliors, Including Alfred do Mussat. Ha was ome ten months Ohlof of tho Ministry for pi Affairs, but resigned his post nttor the.election ehXnpoloon as President. Ho was exiled from eafter tho coup d'etat, and retired to Brussels, i he published the works of "Victor Hugo. In lie returned to Franco, nnd founded his publish ujinejj, o( which sorno years slnoo he resigned mgmoat to bis son, nnd loft for the South to a strength. '&(■ * * * iiould like somo aquatic authority to explain tb that while the professional soullors of New Mm are iueonto3tlbly the finest in tho world, mteur oarsmen of Victoria are dooldodly superior lit confreres of tho mother colony. ; The ease rtich tho Victorians won the boat race on Iw shows the superiority of our amateurs, and suppose thoro are a dozen soullors in Now South could easily boat tho best professional- that iu could produce. This is'roally a mystery itlsetrouble of elucidating, Imy younger mid (I trust) more foolish days, I lolien been struck with tho woll nigh universal Hedge, approaching almost to oranisoieueo, which jibrought to bear In tho exorcise of my profession [descriptive writer. Marriages and funerals, lufal ccvemoriiBS ancl blood-curdling tragodios, j»l Ccmmoneements and Hold sports, have all, IjupMenlly pourtrayod by my pou, and I do (member any occasion upon which an excess of (kit nwdesty prevented mo from freely cfitioisiug |f:!b*Uadapted by tho principal performers in the ■sit ww my privilege to publish to an admiring 1 have no doubt that if tho Battle of Waterloo fought in these days, and I had happened to pUn my professional oapacity, I should havo | Wellington unci Napoleon a few hints on mili pics; and if [ (iat\ assisted at the construction paez Canal, l should have read Baron Lesseps a [®r tw°QQ hydraulic eugluoerln g. To sum up in 1 just such a pragmatical, self-sufficient, IH empty •headed young prig as tho gentlemen i'e !w,v nDflertaking to form publio opinion jjhie medium of the Melbourne Press. I have . p iKiturally enough, into this train of' reflection kg the reports which have appeared in the. I Ms describing tho Easter manoeuvres. The ° military knowledge displayod by these . ,eet young mon j3 stmp|y marvellous, and I »ht that it has considerably astonished' tho W(!t8i who have spent all their lives in (il N the att of wi £«mmitVV't'1 -®^Sht t ^ ' Ce mai^e a great mistake in placing . ^othles at tho head of the bwy ,at ^e Melbourne workmen were it was not a good sign. Tina railway botwoon Molbourno and Sydney In a groat aonvonlenoo for arblstas, and puts monoy In their purse. Madame Christian, 11,A.M. (Cor so the gifted vocalist is now announood), was ongagod by a Sydnoy spoautator (or throe oonearts on Good Friday, Satur day,"and Master Monday. Sho was porsuadod to stay ovor to sing at a fashionable matlnoo muslaalo on Tuesday. On the following aftornoon sho sang two 'lovoly German songs at Mr, Guenotb's Popular Con borb in Melbourne, and last night sho dollghtod tho universal audionoo whloh assomblod at tho Bnllarat Liodortalol's Oonoerb, In tho Alfred Mall, by her splendid interpretation of Sullivan's Lost Chord, On tho 24bh of noxt June-—tho forty-ninth anni versary of Hot' Graalous Majesty's Coronation—a week of foabivltloa will oommenoo In London, to which no parallel was over witnessed by its oldost inhabitants, Tho 24tli of Juno will fall this yoar on a Sunday, and it is in contemplation at the Mansion Houso to invito the most distinguished Colonial and Indian visitors who will then have flookod thibhor for tlio Exhibition to attend a solemn sorvioo in St. Paul's Cathedral, at which the Lord Mayor and the Corporation will bo present in state, On Thursday, March 11th, Mr. "VV, H, Pannoll, ttho Chairman of the Colonial and Indian Oommibtoo of the London City Corporation, prosontod a report stating that, so far as the Corporation is concerned, it will be aomo them to recognise tho arrival, in London of their (distinguished fellow- subjects by iuYitiug them on tho first day of the weok to attend the service at St. Paul's, and also to entertain them later in tho week, first at a rooeption, and thon at a ball to be given in the Guild" •hall. In addition, it is intonded to hold a conversasdono in honour of the guests at South Kensington, to enter tain them at a public fete in the Crystal Palace, and perhaps to invite them to witness tho driving of tho first pile of the now Tower Bridge. Such a series of festivities has hardly taken place in London since the Alliod Sovereigns woro received there by tho Prinoo Eegent in 1814, The most successful gambler at Monte CSarlo is tlio Hon. Mrs. Spencer Cowper, nee Miss Jessie McGleau, tho daughter of Oolonel MoOlean, a fashionable man about Now York some forty years ago, She was a splendid brunette and had a fine figure, and In her early days a fair contralto voice, which caused her to join a company of singers. After many romantic adventures, she very fortunately secured the admira tion of Spencer Oowper, the stepson of Lord Palmer ston, who had just lost his wife, Lady Harriett D'Orsay, ' widow of ithe celebrated Count, who at his death in Italy, shortly after the marriage, left her a large fortune. The Hon. Mrs, Spencer Oowper is still a beautiful woman, much of summer's bloom still linger ing around her, and she is the observed of all observers at Monte Carlo. The Princess of Wales has been seriously distressed by the attitude of Great Britain towards Greece, which > lias placed her brother in such an embarrassing position that there has been some talk of his abdication. King George of Greece, who has grown very stout of late years, is a good constitutional sovereign, but has not the genius to give the 'oasting vote in a political crisis. He leaves everything to his. Ministers. His consort is his superior in intellect, but being a domestic motherly woman is chiefly absorbed by the cares of her largo family. * . * One of the most tiresome mon in Berlin Society—a 'modern Paul Pry—is the brother of Count William von ; B,edern. He is the most incorrigible gossip and pitiless scandal-monger who oyer wore out shoe-leather in running round to gather news, either true or false, and then retailed it from house to house. His mischievous tongue makes him everywhere feared. That he is disliked goes without saying; but he is tolerated for the sake of : his wife, a charming old lady, who spends most of her time in trying to undo the mischief her husband has wrought, and in slurring over the escapades of her only son, who has made the principal continental cities familiar with-his follies. Apvopott tho heavy damngos awarded to Mr, Bryoo, tho Natlvo Minister of Now Zealand, tlio Pall Af(tU Uudf/et writes i—«'if Mr, Nrnnols G niton, In tho oourso o£ his anthropomobrla ox pari men ts, will furthor distinguish lilmsoll by tho invention of n oharaotor gnugo, ho will bo a liundrad tlmos tho bonotnotor to his spoalos that hols alroadly, Nor it is qulto olonr that no oharaotor gnugo oxlsts In tho minds of tho British judgo and jury, Mr. Ndwln Hughos's ohar aotor, though ho Is a publlo mnu, Is worth ono farthing, aooordlng to tho vordlot of tho twolvo gontlomon In tho box, Mr, Bryoo's, howovor, also a publlo man—in tho oolonlos, Is worth £5,000, which has just boon awardod at tho aonolttslon of tho llbol onso of Bryoe v, Rusdon, Wo rotnarkod on this a few days ago that it addod a now torror to doath, but tho torror that It adds to llfo is altogether grantor. Mr, Justin McCarthy and all historians of our tlmos must shako In tholr shoos at tho thought of this truly propostorous vordlot, A oharaotor gaugo, which could bo lifted no ouratoty to a man's head in public court, and which would instantly iudioato tho valuo of his moral char actor in tonus of £ s, d,, Is imporatlvoly roquirod," I H15AH that Mr, Humpreys Is about to vacate the. position of loadoro£ tho reporting staiLonktliV, iVgc,/ • ancl that Mr, Goorgo Vosey Allen, of tniylbaiiy 'Jhie- '' graph, is to talce his place. / '7 1 > , , V-ix * * ' \ The widow Emma Tyrill, who was ilnod aydr""" at the Melbourne Oity Court, on Tuesday Inst^ti-l-for.1 -S' "gambling" with a wheel of fortune outsldo tho Friendly Societies' Gardens on tho previous day is, according to Mr, Fisher,-tho barrister who defended her, not more culpable than tho'Vprotnotors of tho Bacc game at tho Womons' Hospital Bazaar, Mr/Stewart, the Mayor, was of the same opinion, but was obliged by law to inflict a lino. But why does not Mr, Stewart use his iniluonco to stop tho gambling at tho Exhibi tion 7 It is setting a bad example to the thousauds who visit the Exhibition nightly, Dit. At,niK Lurk, of Collins Stroot, sends mo his "Aphorisms on Electricity in Mcdiaal Scieuce." Dr. Lurz is a specialist 'for norvous, rheumatic, and joint diseases, and he follows tho treatment of the famous Dr. Metzger, of Amsterdam, who lias won a world-wido reputation by his Massage cures, In reference to elec tricity as a remedial power, Dr. Lurz says:—'"The pre judices at present largely existing among the public against electricity as a remedy are quite groundless, for the majority of failures of the electrlo current arc ow ing either to its too late employment, or to its non-dis criminating, defective and wrong application, as prac tised by operators—non- medical and medical—inex perienced in the electro-therapeutic field; but these pro. , judices dwindle away with a timoly and rational elec trisation. The administration of tho electric current is generally mild, agreeable and pleasant, and can be en dured by any one." Messbs. Eldis and Sobxitton, of London,5 have sent me their latest " Catalogue of Raro and Valuable Books." One of the gems, described in four pages of this cata logue, is a unique Memorial of Victor Hugo. The volume.was prepared by the author as a gift to his god daughter, familiarly known as Madame Quatre A, on account of her name being Anna Alice Addle Asplot. Here.is a touching, if slightly incoherent advertisement "Matrimony.—"Widower, 'fifty seven, alone. A lady with means and christian charity, to add the cup of comfort to a pilgrim." The pilgrim's, appeal would be more touching than it is if his eye to the main chance wore a little less obvious. The " comfort " for which he pines must evidently, to suit his views, be contained in a " cup", of price. * I AM told, on very good authority, that Mr. Charles; Bright has been engaged by The Age to write some of its leading articles for the next twelve months. How about Mr, Bright's free-thought proclivities ? SiDVifliiATv important; notions havo boon oommonood in tho Suprumo Oourt. Mr. Louis Tramponborg and Mr, Ohas, Beamish, oil Blohmond, tiavo oommonood soparato notions against tho Viotorlan Hallway Oom« missionors, olaitnirig damages for injury done to thoir business by obstruoting the publlo streets, Messrs. Joseph Bogors and Oo,, Liraitod, aro suing Messrs' Bosonthal, Aronson and Oo,, to obtain an injunction restraining tho defendants from infringing oortain trado marks, and for aooounts of profits made by tho alleged Infringement, Mossrs. Thomas Bont and B, J, Fink, M's.L.A,, aro tho plaiutlfls in au action against Mr, J, P, B, Vans, of Toorak, for spooifio porformanoo of an nllogod contract for sale of land, dated 20th Ootobor, 188f>, This Dean of Winohostor has ordorod tho tomb of William Bufuo to bo roplaood in its old position boforo the Bishop's tlirono in'his oathodral, Lord WAttU'AGUfl has given 20 aoros of land at Blowbury, noar Walllngford, foi' the sito of tho Gordon Memorial Industrial Schools, It la a very admlrablo site for tho purpose, being sltunto on rising ground( backed by tho Berkshire Downs, and only an hour's •journoy by rail from London, 1<\ K., Gregson, formerly nssistant-mnnagor of tho London branch of tho Commercial Bank of Scotland is now a qabdrlvar, Embosszlomant, of course, was the cause of his downfall, According- to a despatoh from Romo, Monslgnor Gibbons, Archbishop of Baltimoro, Monslgnor Tas choroan, Arohblshop of Quoboo, tho Papal Nunolos at "Vienna, Paris, and Madrid, and Monslgnor Masolla, formerly Papal Nuncio at Lisbon, have boon orontod Cardinals. Lady Ploea Wilmot's doath took plaoo In London under very sad circumstances, for sho succumbed to the influenoo of chloroform administered for the ex traction of a tooth. Sir Charles TurrER, tho groat Canadian states-' man, was a working shoemaker in Fredoriokton be foro ho betook himself to voluble politics, UNDER M. Gravy's humanitarian rulo crimes of i violence have become so common in Prance that (according to ISEobnemcnf) a Parisian father, deter ■ mined that his son will grow np in aooord with the spirit of the ago, has giveni him the name of Dagger Revolver Fisticuff. In order that my son shall grow up with the spirit of the age in Australia, I intend to call him—" Cricket Football Bicycle Sports Banquet Boswell." Roman gossip is full of the princely scandal which is making a sensation at the.Vatican and the Quirinal. The Princess Gonzaga, the young and fascinating wife of Prince Ferrante Gon/.aga, has implored the Pope to annul"her marriage. Her husband, it seems, has not treated her well. Indeed, if rumors aTB'truo, tho; honeymoon was hardly over when he began to neglect his spouse. Neglect was followed by violence, and ono day the Princess, tired of matrimony, packed up a few clothes and jewols in a valise, and left her palace with her maid. * She fled to Vienna, where she soon became one of. the belles of the Austrian court. Tho Prince, taking things philosophically, sought comfort in farm-, ing his estate. A public, scandal might havo been avoided had not the fair run-a-way fallen in love with, an Austrian Archduke, whom she hopes to wed if the Yatican will let her. The Princess bases her appeal on the alleged irregularity in the marriage ceremony, but it is whispered she has other arguments in reserve if this fails. ■ \ - , ■ ' ■ ■■■ " ■ . : ■■■' ■■ BOSWEEL. : 