Stalked by a Pama. Br FBGDKBIOK BOYLE, F.R G.8. "Tbe other night," said I to Frazer, "you spoke of a puma following your trail for two or three days. If tbe story is not' Sabbath gee,' I should like to he*r it; for, though tbey tell a similar tale.of lions in Africa, the fact has always seemed doubtful to me." " I've piped off Sabbath gas in my time, I don't deny, but under tbe woods we mostly fell truth. Them Btories you mny swear upon. I've been tracked myself, and BO has Pike County. He's just a hairy devil, yer pnma, playful, an* cowardly, an' cruel, like some women as one sees. Bring him up from a kitten, tense him as thoroughly as you will, stuff his skin till be nigh explodes, an* still you can't trust a child within his sight, nor turn your back upon him safely. " The ugliest skrimmy I ever had with lionB (pumas) was down the Serebpiqui, lifter that etarnal raid of Sclilesingei's upon Costa Rica. We didn't travel for, sir, UB you know, for the Greasers gave us the durnedst whipping at Santa Rosa, that ever I had since my old grandmother deceased. How they did it, or what WBS the sign that scared us. no one could plan out, an' I believe—ay, by the Etarnal I believe—some of our boys was witched! It was a right down whipping, anyway I There was a couple of hundred of us in tbe corral [cattle yard]—every man ready an' droughty to face ten Greasers, bragging all his pile upon the trick ; there was nary one among them boys but bad been suckled on a six-shooter, an' vaccinated with a bowie ; but we ran sir, every man of us, before a hundred and eighty Greasers I We did so ! The yeller faced cusses was heard in the bush five minutes before thoy broke out, an', as far as I could see, every man of us WOB at hiB post. Naow, it's no good blowing, Beasley ! we was fairly whipped, an' you an' I ran with the rest; BO what's the use of gas ? I eny we was mostly all at our places by the palisade before they charged across the open. My man fell clean an* pretty, with the bullet fair between his eyes, where a) ranger's bullet should be; an' then, before the smoke had cleared away, they was over the fence an' swarming down among ns. Twenty of us rangers would have mussed—ay, an' had done, an* did after— the whole darned drove of 'em; but—but, CUBS it, we ran like sheep 1 Who led the way, I don't know ; they said Schleringer, but I didn't see hiin. I only know there wasn't twenty of us killed, no, nor yet disabled, when we cleared out. Eb 1 one feels mad yet, a-tbinking of that day. Us '-the pick o' Walker's army, Western men two out of three on us—to stampede before a drove of Greasers! I eee men cry that day as hadn't cried since they were out their cradles. We had our turn with the Costa Rican cusses many a time after that, but there's never a man of UB can think of Santa Rosa without feeling wolfish. Ay! an' that were Walker'« first check, too! If we'd taken Cartago or San Joee he might have been President of Central America now, maybe ; an* Beasley I been high-Greaser generals, with fifty dollars pay per annum, finding our own gold buttons." " But, man," I snid," San JOF6 has Beven thousand inhabitants, and Cartago has twelve thousand, and the two cities are not fifteen miles apart. Were you going to attack those mountains with two hundred men ?" " Guess we were 1" returned Frazer composedly; "leastwise, so we thought in the army, an' I never heerd that Scl.leBinger'e instructions was different. But you see a hundred am' eighty Greasers was enough to turn us about an' send ns into tbe woods with the loss of all our plunder. Yet you know how they stood against us at Rivas an' Granada, an' I guess we'd a stepped out just as free for San Jot6— eh, Besley ?" " Guess we would so, hoss 1 But Santa Rosa took &U; the stiffening out of my neckcloth. Lord 1 0 Lord! a hundred an' eighty Greasers!" " Wal, some of us surrendered on good terms, an' some made straight tracks for the San Carlos, an' some kept down tbe river. Jem, there, was one of those that made for San Carlos, an' a queer story he'll tell you of his voyage, if you can squeeze it out of his modesty some night. As to whether it is true, I don't give no opinion, but it kinder does one's ears good to hear." " Why, did yer fall in with the Guatusos, Pike ?" asked Vensten laughing. "That's just what he did," said Frazer. " An' stranger things than Guatusos there is in the wild Frio country. " There was five or six of us started together down the river bank, walking through the Bballows, an' cutting our way where the water was too deep. Now, I guess I've seen the tropics mostly everywhere. I've travelled through the East Indies an' the West Indies, an' round about the islands, but never yet did I sot eyes on such a forest aB stands round the head waters of the Seiebpiqui. The only place that can hold agin it tor beauty is Ceylon, an' one an' t'other should be put under glass, an 1 kept for sinful folks to stare at. There's no such trees here as on them bills, an' no such feme, nor JiansB, nor flowers. Where we struck it first on our retreat, tbe Serebpiqui is a little tumbling brook, all full of purple stones, an' fringed with great leaveB an' fern. The water leapB an' foams through the bamboo thickets in the valleys, so that its spray always bangs above it, like the spray of breakers on a sand-bar. Over-head, the forest palms join their shining tops; an' big tree-ferns crowding to the brink, shake feathery beads all day long to the quick beat of tbe water. Tbe shallow banks are thick with Bowers, the wet moss sparkles like jewel work, scrub palms, an' climbing vineB cover tbe rocks like a banging carpet. There's the greatest variety of painted leaves there that I ever see, much greater than in Borneo, where they do good trade in such plants. I tell you, sir, the Serebpiqui river runs through a fairyland such as few could pictur', an' I guess the hardest couldn't go along the trail without feeling kinder grateful there was so much beauty left on airth. I can't describe them to you, an' no man could— the flowers, an' golden leaveB, an' happy Bunshine. Jem can run off high-prime gas sometimes, but my father never gave me a chance to leBrn such accomplishments. " The minister" says he,' may flourish anyway, because he daren't reel off his feelings manlike in honest swearing; but don't yer give us anything of that sort, my son, because, if yer do, I'll apprentice yer to the county newspaper, an' make yer responsible for the weekly poetry.' " We didn't take tnnch painB to keep together, for all was good woodsmen, an' the Serebpiqui track was more lonely then than even now, so it was little danger of meeting enemies. Nor was there fear of starving either, for the fiBh lay in shoals under every rock, an' all had their rifles an' lots of ball. Empty, darned empty, as we were, six or seven days Bhould have taken UB to tbe San Juan mouth, to we hung back in twos an' threes, prospecting for gold an' ell that " At the end of three days from 8anta Rosa, Jed 8mitb, on' Gregory of Gal veston, an* I found ourselves alone. Jed nolioned that whatever gold might be in the stream would be found at tbe mouth of it, an' we pressed on, thinking to get down first. None of us knew there was any muelle [place of embarkation] at all upon the river ; we thought its banks was uninhabited the wbole way down. It wasn't worth while to make a dug-out; en' besides, tbe r»pidi would Live been right down dangeron* to su< h a craft; so we held on to the water-course, an' went into the woods when needful. " I can't rightly say whero we was about the sixth morning after taking the forest; but on that day we oat to break fast, of cold monkey and lizards' eggs, just at the bead df a: thunderiog rapid, ^that skirled and whizzed' iri*a manner "quite pretty to look at from the bank. I can't help thinking the muelle has been changed of late, for thry tell^jue. there's ahig rapid just below as it.stands now, auM kinder fnn<-y that's the spot we cbose to breakfast in " " The present muelle of the Serebpiqui," I said, " has ceitainljr a big_ rapid jusi below it. Tbe channel is bard under the left-hand bank, an' there's quite an island of snags in mid- stream." " That's the golfired place! I remember them snags well, all twisted up together like a net, an' holding long gray reeds that twine like rock- snakes in the water. We were sitting, as I said, upon a fallen tree that overstood the river .someway. It didn't rest flat, ferthe broken crown held it up; in front was a thick curtain of snags an' flood-rubbish, not solid, but nigh so. Suddintly, as we sat there—Jed and Gregory emokingan' laughing at one end, while I baited for guapotes at tbe other—three or four rifles cracked on the other hank, an' I heerd the ' swish' of a bullet mighty close to my pictur'. 0' course we dropped straight, for, hit or miss, that's alius the Bafe tiling to do when there's shooting round in which one don't take no interest; but Jed an' Gregory never rose 8gin. Gregory fell backwards off the log, dead as the parish ghost; while poor Jed fell on his face into the waterman plunging about, got swept into the current an' down the rapid. " I wasn't hurt a mite, but I felt kinder mad ; so I slipt down beside Gregory's body, got all -the rifles Into my claws, chose a loophole through the drift, an' waited. Thunder 1 I seem to look on that reach now, just as it were while I 'poBBumed for them murdering Greasers! The day was dratlily still, as on those levels it mostly is at noontide; there wasn't a bi eath 6tirring in the tbick-prr ssed leaves, nor a motion, except where a bough dragged in the. racing water. Up the Btream an* down, nothing but blue Bky, an' gleaming swirls, an' leaveB that glittered in the still sunshine. No bird nor beast came out in those honra of silent hent. Great fish swBtn slowly round in the deadwater by the bank, under shade of rocks and glossy boughs; one would have taken oath they WBH the onty waking things for miles. I beerd no noise except tbe beat an* the shrieking of the rapid, an' presently the sharp buzz x>f flies already clustering round. " But here an' there the Bun- rays shot through over-hanging boughs into deep hollows, where the bark-eddy slept an' rotted from flood to flood. In such a gleam, after ten minutes of ghastly silence, made more stilly by the roaring of the rapid, 1 suddintly caught sight of a pallid face, that looked aB scared as a Padre's in an earthquake. Then a head was pushed through the leaveB, an' a pair of yellow eyes stared across —a green-faced cuss! There's two more of you somewheres, I thought —bound to be! An' I'll mark every mother's son! So I waited. Presently a small canoe came pushing out from « white flowering bush. Three of 'em was in it; an* those Greasers made more noise about crossing a brook than all Walker's array would have raiBed in shooting the rapid. But it was all as paddles could do to take 'era over, for the stream was sluicing down like a mill-race ; but at last, keeping her bows allurs up, an' working for life, they got into deadwater, an' come towards me larfing. " About a yard from shore, two of 'em shipped their paddles, an' the bowman stood np. That was ray count. I took the steersman first, to overset the canoe, hiB forehead . I marked as right as a compass. He threw up the paddle, swung over the canoe, an' was swept off slick. Tbe other two were not so much in the stream, but before they reaehed shore I dropped another. The third rifle, which was Jed's, miesed fire. I pulled agin, an'missed at agin, an' by that time tbe Greaser had touched ground. His gaspipe [rifle] bad gone with the canoe, an' he stood looking the durnedest fool, so I larfed out. But the CUBS began to handle his machete ugly; an' so, not to waste time, I gave him a New Orleans slipper between hiB eyes. The good old bowie whizzed like a Pawnee arrow, an sliced bis headpiece up to the ' y.' "- " Whynot handle him with yer clubbed rifle ?" asked Vonsten. " Durned good reason for that, Tank 1 There's few would stand a chance so agin one of them Costa Rican peons with hie machete—I'll say that for 'era. It's a weapon I don't make much 'count of, is a clubbed rifle. " Wal, the Greaser dropped in his track, an I haflto pull hard to get the old knife out. Then I took hiB machete an' two or three gold dollars he had about him, an' pitched his body into the stream. HeavenB! bow slick it flashed an' rolled through the rocks, an snags, an' dashing water 1 After that, I picked up poor Gregory, stretched him on the trunk, piled all tbe drift around, an' sot it afire I knew't were dangerous, for there's keen woodsmen in Costa Rica ; but I couldn't leave an old mate to the turkey-buzzards. When the wood was fairly blszing, I made into the forest, an' sat down to think. " There wasn't much choice of roads, so I struck out a straight course for the San Juan. Three days I kept steadily northward, an' nothing particular happened; but after the very first night, I felt there was something on my track. I hadn't seen living man since I left the river ; warn't much afeard of Guatusos in them parts; an* more'n that, I knew any Ind'an would have fixed me long since. But I sure, though I had sot eyes on nothing nor heerd any sound exactly, I was sure my trail was followed : we've lived too long among Ind'ans not to know the signs of that knowledge, which is more than eyesight or hearing. How can I say what it iB ? But this I tell you—if any man means to do well in the woods, an' to keep his life in, be must have some sense more than eyes or ears to trust to; an' that sense warned me now. Perhsps I'd seen tbe waving of the bushes on my track, when no wind stirred in the hollow wood; perhaps I thought to hear the crack of broken eticks as a heavy foot pressed on them ; perhaps, through my shut eyes at night, I'd seen great green lamps glaring on my fare, an' wakening i*> the black stillness, bad beard a etealthy rustle of undergrowth. On the third morning, I said to myself,' You're tracked by a lion, boy; there's a lion on your track at thiB moment 1' An' I turned cold all over. I went round on the back-track It weren't needed to go fur. Within ten yards o' the camp, my footprints of yaster day were bidden by a broad round pad with a little heap of eoil thrown behind : that heap told me it were a lion's, not a tiger's. Last night's trail, too, for dew still lay in the deep hollow. I took tbe back-track for a mile, maybe, thinking as like as not there were two of the Tannin. Once or twice, the prints seemed confueed an' tangled, as if the beast had gone into the bush, and come back to roll himself an' paddle all about; or else it had been a pair of tbein at pl«y. After ha'f an hour, I turned round, feeling more like a sinner than other men, an' most greatly in want of praying for. " About a hundred yards from the turn toy eye* suddintly got » light tbit Btoppw, me dead like an In-Pan.sign on tho Pricto —there was prints atop* of the old irack, an' turned the other way I GreBt thunder ! ilic vnrriiin was on'my trail'agin —at that very minute he was wat.hing me from out of some black bush. I w« nt on after a while, for, yer see, it were nothing worse than I knew already, only more etartling like; but before reaching camp, on throwing a look behind, I saw— thunder! it were an ngly siplit—I saw t|io bushes waving gently alou^ my trail 1 It were ugly to see—that's what 1 thought it, boys. Half an hour {eat by the fire scheming, while the red brjote glowered at me out of sight, or roller!- about with his mate. At last, I drove my boot into the logs, for no two pious could ^haouuerout, an' the day was slipping on. First thing wanted were a 'congo,' for the lion likes thom noisy baboons above everything. After an hour's tramp—an* you may swear my head was over my shoulder pretty constant—I hc?rd one of theni howl, an' in a very few minutes a ball was through liis head, his throat was sliced, an' the body trailing behind me. The report, I knew, would stop the cowardly beast for a quarter of an hour, an' meanwhile I reached a small glade, some thirty or forty yards across, in the middle of which I threw down my congo, making a splash of blood all over the so ft moss an' many-colored carpet of convolvulus. Then, cutting sharp across the trail, but keeping my feet clean, I got behind a tree an' waited." " Why not round beside the track? What use was the congo ?" I asked. " Tou don't Buppose a lion is such a golfired fool as a human ! If I hadn't stopped the crt-tur' with the crack of my rifle, he'd never have given me time to get far from his sight; an' without the 'tice of that blood-smell, he'd not have shown on at y clearing; of that you may take yer oath out loud. " Five minutes after I was stationed, the bushes moved this way an' that, but he was too cunning an' cowardly to show himself. Now an' agin, I caught sight of a red hide an' pale throat shiftingly ; but at length a breezy gust carried the Teak of that congo so strong into bis nostrils that he tbrast bis head right out, an* sniffed with eyes half shut. 'A pretty-looking beast be were I But I shot snapping, cut bis jug'lar, an' he rolled into tbe open, pretty nigh dead I was loadingagin mighty lively, 1 tell yon, when the varmin stopped struggling, an 1 broke into a low soft cry that Pre heerd times an'agin, an'allurs with a thump of the heart. It's a sweet sound enough, sir, isn't it?—sweeter than one conld have expected from such a throat— but it's been the death-cry of many a stont tigrero—the last sound he's heerd on airth. 1 pushed the ball down with a jerk, an* my ramrod snapped 1 The lion lifted his beautiful bead all stained with blood an' foam, an' called agin faintly ; then bis great green eyes opened an' closed, an* his head fell backwards heavily. I drew my machete, an 1 tried to slink through the bushes j but as I turned, the cry was answered, an' his mate bounded into the clearing, eyes all aflame like lamps, an' hair bristling from nose to tail. She smelt the blood, an lapped it, rolled her mate over, an' dashed about ro&ring.; Ay, that would ha' been a fine sight in a cage 1 I said to myself, ' Your father's son, Jos Frazer, should have spunk as good as a dirty Ind'an.' Then I drew a long breath, took my bowie in my teeth, wiped the handle of my machete, an' stepped clear of the bushes. She roared like sudden thunder, then crouched closely down with her belly to the ground, an' tried to get behind me. I stepped on. She Btretched her tail straight out, an' strained down closer. I planted my right foot faBt, an' leaned forward. With a roar like the shock of an earthquake, she sprang up, claws outstretched, an' big mouth gaping an' bloody. I struck fair as an Ind'an tigrero, an' cleft her skull like an apple ; but she threw me over, an' cut my legs an' shoulders badly before I could push from underneath. It were a near thing, boys! "That's how I was tracked on the Serebpiqui, sir. I carried the skinB to Greytown, got the reward, an' sold 'em. But such a scare as that was dear at twenty-five dollars!" 