The Mystry at the'Old(Grdify I ma one of a large and chieery fami ly. 'My faithr is he'doitor fin the brisk little towin tof Jiin frid; and year by yc?arý his olive 'branches have so flourished"rounhd his table that his comtfortable indo're ' Ths narrowed 'tb somewhat small dimen I odoýnot, however,. feel sure that people are any the less happy for being, obliged to. cut and con trive a little. My sisters and I had to turn our dresses instead of 'having new ones, but even in that there was a pleasure, for the family group would assemble to admire and congratulate and protest that the costumes looked as well, if not better, than new ones, and the ten der-eyed mother would whisper that we should have the new ones as soon as she could manageit. In such a household there was not much time for fancies, as may be' supposed. .Our lives were thor. oughly busy ones. Each :member of the family, old and young,, had his or her daily duties. Our par ents'wisely made as all useful, and so we were all happy. ;I was - not the eldest, a brother, and a sister had been born before me ;. but. if my. lear, just parents had a favourite 'I believe it was' my self. ?. 0 Perhaps it was that I was totally unlike .the rest.-'. In a family of brunettes I was the only blonde; anid I was /very fair indeed.: The fair Miss Raymond was my sobriquet wherever weiwent. -Dootors are obligedi to entertain, even if they are poobr; their patients expect tit, and ,my ,father made a pointpf giving'a party every Christ mas. All these' parties I had attended, year after: year,, biutrthat which took plac . my eighiteenth biit da; proved the largest land mark in 'my sholtt ?o°areer--the, first,: milestone upon, the new. road I was .to travel. It all "came about so strangely,. too, just asif it was to be. \--,Our -rooms were,.looking very pretty ; we had twined. the gasalier, with evergreens, and festooned the' rather shabbywalls. with ;holly and mistletoe and the: great bay win dow was iturned into ar bower, with pillars a?Id trellis work of greenery ands flowers,and was, hung;with tiny lamps of varied hues while;a few Turkish ,lanteras within aided the effect ; ad-- on this bower' hung a gift;for. every guest-nothing much worth having you may be sure, buit just little. souvenirs made by our girlish'? hands ; and the people of Langford, being easily' pleased, accepted our trifling offerings; and: treasured them for our sakes. Per haps ''am conceited, but' I think e 'are, favourites in Langford. ;: When, the first peal was heard at the bell, a little before the" proper time, we ran down helter skelter to receive our guests, but only found youngiRobert Hillyer, the lawyer's .s6n? waiting in the ball. ' Oh, Miss Lily,' he. said;', as he 'iighted' me, "do you think :Mrs. Raymozind Would objeot'to our bring ing a;friend ?' :,T, iady fr gentleman' ?' I replied :cautiously.;. 'A. ' nid'diicing'man would be an acquisition;' then. sud denlyremembering manners, I end ed politely, ' but any friend of yours ,iill i"Wtreleome and mamma will *not'obj?ct one little bit.' ' hank you--I, think you will "like lii?i, and our old, playfellow Bob turned to the floor, then he stopped, and. added .sheepishly, 'i'but don't like him too much; for my sake, Lily.' "~Pooi'rBob! he was perpetually; vex i'ing me with:?foolish speeches, yet I *do? not know why ishould ihave been really ,vexed, for I don'"t think they would have ann6yed my sister P`M~ryr at all. !,:I. wont in and told my mother ?othat we were to have an addition to .?t, party, and the guests came drop -aping in one, by one. 'The Hillyera were rather late, but we had not be gun toqdance when they arrived. 'Miss Lily Raymond, Mr. Fair fax,' that was all our introductioi, and we know each other. P9rerhaps Mr. Fairfax was not ,:handsome.- People say that Bob's 'i; t reas are far better. biuit 1 thiought his was the kindest and best faoe I had ever seen in my Two honest gray eyes looked into ?iy?own;, landu a well-shaped mouth smiled at me, 'dsplaying, ..sound, powerful, white teeth, with no mous tache to hide 'he sweetness of the the expression, and as I met those ~yes my '-eart fluttered like a caged bird, as it never done before. Yes, it was love on first sight on both sides, and before the evening was over we each knew that such -,was the case. \- The presents on thebower had been ditributed. and.there :was not one left when i Mr. Fairfax stood before me ;. there was no one near enough to hear iis words, and I was just then taking a pin from a small heart-shaped pincushion to fasten a ienit which . some one had torn in my gossamer white dress. ' And wherie" 'is my'gift,; 'Miss Raymond ?' he asked stepping be side me beneath the bower. ' I did not. think,' you ,would. care for such trifles,' I answered,"D my face aglow; 'and :I fear every thing is gone.' :' No, not everything ;; youi are not given away your heart,' and he stretehed out his hantd toward' the' little pincushion which I, held. ' You wouldn't care to have that,: would you ?'..I asked, my eyes.fall itig beneath his gaze. . i Try me,' he'answered, and in an other moment my fingers were ii-' prisoned in his. ' You will never ask for it back,, darling,' he 'pleaded, and having se cured my scarlet bernouse which lay near at hand, he led meout by the open window into the moonlight beyond. i' Lily, I love you,',he whispered, and wrapped 'an opera cloak around me with tender hands: Then there was a silence between us---the silence of happiness to great for words. The following'Autumn: we were married. It 'w~as,.somewhat a trial to me, that miy? husband's' mother .was to' 'share our home, but to this arrange menit' I 'M iould"i' eitainily "m`ke ;no objection, as she lived in thatl hiouse all the days of her married life. My WaltBr's father, like mine, had been a doctor, and he had first been his., partner, and' at the old man's death 'had succeeded' to 'his practice.. Our homie'was in a village, the village? of }Mears'!Norton,'-and' yet i't .could:' hardl bel said to be in it, it did'i;ot' "tand' 'in the '-main street a's oi many doctors houses do, brit was the' very:last'in that strag-: gling little place and virtually itood alone. My ihusbiand's practice did not de penii upon the&inhabitants;' of? Mears Norton only, for his father and he were.well known in' the country both' as followere i f'f he'hounds as -well as of EsoeuJapius. i;,;: Our' "pretty? domain !: was,.,called. ' The(Gray'House'?,,bat 'lio1had', so' named -it cannot' say. 'irs. Fair fax t'toldme it had been .alled so before her tiinie, and tl -oldeste i-; habitant of jthe :parish: had'- never knowni'it by any otiher hailme' ' The Grayho-use must hayebeen. very old,"for' not one ' knew~iwhen it had':buen built ;.it'mnight ' have been' there.,' for ,l centuries but,' for' the wonderftjl state of'its" preservation.. It iwas?'of -gray:'stone and, well clad with' 'ivy, " while 'pyracanthus clung, tenaciously to its massive portals, !hiding :its :columns with green leaf and. scarlet berry. Being. an old house, it was little wonder that whispers were afloat to the effect that it was haunted.::. r : That I heard those whispers tis'a matter of course, but I' had never been of a meditative turn, andthese rumours found no echo in my mind. Ghosts seldom appear in a family of ten, where the father and?,imnpother are not counted, and I thought no thing about them. . The lonelihess' of the GrarydiHouse like a pall. My husband :was very busy. The November fogs?--followed by.KfDe cember chills, had:playedi an ugly tune upon the 'vodsl chords' and bronchial t~ubes bf; old; and young ; and it was a good time for the! dootors, but scarcely so for the doctors' wives.' My :husband, Wal ter, did not think me very strong, and his great love made him careful of me, 'so I had not begun to go those promised rounds with him. I must wait till the Spring for that, he told me, or at any rate till my cough was gone ; so the days proved very long ones to me, and our evenings and nights were often disturbed too; Walter was, so frequently wanted. I loved him and did not regret my marriage, but life in the Gray House was a wonderLul change from thu dear old life in our busy home at. Langford. There was no solitude there, and but little time fdr thought. One of those dear elevei' of whom I made the complete dozen, was always wanting something, it' it were only companionship. Now, there was no one to speak to but my+ mother- in-law, and she was in a low state of health and almost confined to her room. This I did not at all mind. when my husband, was at home but during his many hours of ab sence, I well nigh iegretted the fact., There was no need now for me to turn 'dresses; my trousseau had been a good one, for all that my father was not wealthy, and I had en'ough .good clothes to last mo for years ; my stockings were new and didn't want one stitch. Walter's shirts were all perfect, I couldn't fi.d one button off. I was not the young lady who had 'nothing 'to wear, butfI was certainly one who hIad nothing do. All my calls had been returned"; the few,.festivitis given in 'myhonour hd bieeon atten ded, and Christnmas was drawing near. ,We were to have given a party to acknowledge the~'civilities 'of"`our neighlbours, but'Mrs. Fairfax's state of health precluded the possibility of anything of the sort. As thet year waned, so did her strength , `and Walter was ~eriouily alarmed about her. ' n Christmas eve he' passed his arm around' mnie,' *' Lily, darling,' he whispered, 'I am' sdrry you should have such a dull 'season ; I'fear you must feel it after. iruon-own bright old home. \- I feel nothing but happiness, love, when .I have you with me,' I '.answered, raising my face for thio 'kiss he didnotfail to give me. :; ' I .fear,, my "'mother :is very? =ill, little wife, 'he',continued in a? low v oioey :'but,. .pleasesi God, she 'may pull through. I have done all my work for to-night, my white lily,' a'nd we will hang our holly wreaths together ; it will be pleasaat: to do that our first year' in our own home.' ' I thought of that and waited,' I answered him with a smile. - ' Of-course you: did: 'little one ; love's intuition told'me so,' and 'he smiled too. 4 During that evening we went up to see 'Walter's mother many time s wand we 'stirred' thepli ddling' when we came down again. The last piece of holly was being plaoed behind one of the pictures, when a violent, peal at the surgery bell;'told- its own tale.. Mr.' Fairfax was wanted immedi ately ! ' I thought I had visited every one who could by any possibility need meti i he said' in4 a vexed tone, as he :listened to its clanging. ' They seem in a hurry, I had better. see what is the matter.' He left the room "acoordingly, but soonrettirned. " . . I :'.I-must .:go, little woman:!' he said regretfully, '-anid'I ; shall be lucky if I am home by midnight; I' shall have ridden twenty miles .be fore we meet again ; look after my mother, there's a darling. 'Y.esdeariand I shall send the the servants to bed ? I can let you in.'- - '' It wouldbe as well, perhaps ; I'll ring for Martin to put away.the: horse when I return. 'He will get. half.a night's rest before then,' and with one'kias, -and' he was gone. It was the first Christmas-eve -I ever had spent:virtually'alone; and'I' felt very dull indeed. Every sotind seemed to increase in.volume and intensity ; the very tick"-of the clock upon the" mantel piece seemed to.bear an: unusual meaning, seemed like thie'beating of a human heart, of human pulses, to "have human hope, and human A. wuu uL UV AVVL yu AZL. £aU&LA; -she was asleep. I came, down again and played a game at solitaire struck a few, notes on the piano, and shrank from the noise I made. :At' niine I rang 'for prayers and read them, then gave my. two maids and the lad their dismissal, telling them all to go to bed, and that Mr. Fairfax woultd ring the night bell for Martin when he.returned; and once again I was alone. ' The fire was getting low, I replenished ,with a log, which threw out, fitfdil gleams, while :I sat beside it:think ing of my old home, and wondering if they missed me this first Christmas that their number had not been coin plete. From i them I began to think of Mrs. .Fairfax again, and, questioning whether she still slept. I?t certainly.was a bitterly ,old night, and; a,shiver would run every now and then, down my back, but some how I did not think it was alto gether the cold which kept me crouching over that fire, watching the gas jets and the blinking flames. "i_ want/d to go upstairs to see my. .moth inaw,.abujomthing..nkhni ed me where I sat. Surelyit could not be fear? i . 'I had: never felt· afraid- that, I could remember, during those 18 years of my life in the old home at Langford. -'I had listened to ghost stories and had laughed at them, and yet as I sat -there that Christmas eve; I rocalled the runmors I had heard of there being something uncanny in my.presehtihome, and I felt uncomfortable. I could not remember any definite tale or le gend," but vague stories came to me of there being something amiss, and settling upon my miiid, almost para lyzed it. ' akmI myself ~', cried at length ; ';this will never do,= Lily Fairf?a ; you're a ooward !' This self-accused. I sprang up from 'myichair and shook myself' as a'Newfoiiudlaid dog 'might do, after indulging. in too long: ainap:: when -his -master'spremises want lookinig after, and. with-a feeling akin to fear :-if not of'fear itself, which ?con tracts the heart' and' tightens 'the, nerves--I orossed the room and as tcended the-stairs. SHow'gladT:I was that I went! i Mrs. Fairfax was awake., and .~'an ted .some: beef., tea, ..and her firen needed' repleniihing; she was quite in- a 'tal?kative mood, and I forgot myself vwhile attending to her wants. ' 'It was eleven o'clocn when I left 'her. I knew the hour, for the kit "ehen ,lock had struck it out and I bade h'erigood'night.. SI `hall very soon be asleep again,-:.my dear,. sh'e said§ kindly as I left her. ve my lov.to 'Walter,. and wish him a happy Christmas, Lily, and the same to -you, dear.' You =. are adgood' wife and a go0d daughter, a'td when I am gone it" will be? a satisfaction to me that Walter has made such a wise ch6ice.' I-kissed :my mother-in-law _and went down` sttners, vaguely; wonder ing':whether' Mrs. -Fairfaxi would have the satisfaction she had spoken of? or whether in that rest of the grave her sleep would be too sound for any earthly thought to reach her ; but work, slight as it had been, had had its good effect. 'I "walked down the stairs with a firm step, and looked all' the doors inithe house, or saw that they.'vere bolted, kitchen and all ; and I put myi husband's slippers to the fire, Not only so, I went into the larder and- fetched a cold . chicken , and .a a tongue, which I spread. out. iupon a white cloth, with-knives an'd forks and a' tu'mbler anud a winoe glass, and surveyedmy, efforts with satisfac tion. All looked fresh. and clear and homelike.. , ' A -vase of flowers to complete it, :I murmured to myself, as I put some` Christmas roses mixed with red-berried holly in the centre of the table;. ':There.! it does look: nice, and Walter will be hungryafter his long ride.' . nrafeh Once more I seated myself by the fire, listening only to theicontented whisperzsof.,my own heart, and for the footfall of my husband's horse 'till again my senses began to feel strained, and my nerves at tension. I" had left the door of the dining= room open, and I could hear the dull, monotonous~tik of the kitchen clock 'whiohf·iomehowi refused to keep pace with the one on the., mantel piece, and.in .vain my.pulses strove to beat in unison with both: i leii sudderijya sound I could not under stand smote myears-knock- knock knock! , . If I hadbeen in bed I shouidchr un doubtedly have prut. mny.headunder the clothes; as it was, my hearing seemed to grow doubly acute, and I sat bold upright to listen. Had I then possessed a dozen ears I should have listened with them ;all. After a time, hearing no further sound, I crept to the foot of the stairs. Could Mrs. Fairfaix :have been knocking ? If so I ought to go to her ; but if on the contrary she were asleep, I should be wrong to disturb her. TWhat ought I to do ? No sound whatever came to, me now, -:but the even tick, tick,, of that old clook in the kitchen: so with quie?t foot steps· I returned to my easy chair beside the dining room fire. Half-past eleven had struck out. from the village church tower. I had heard it borne upon the frosty night air, and I had heard it echo ed in my own kitchen. ' How distinctly that clock does tick to-night 1' I thought, yet I had never noticed the fact before; no thing else broke the silence, and the tick became painful to me. I bore it till a quarter to twelve; :thenthe esire to scream grew upon me, yet I bould not tell why, for was I not C inl my own home, sitting by my own bright fire awaiting the return of my own. husband? .It was simply, absurd to imagine that there, could be the faintest' possible ciuse for nervousness. - i' Twelve o'clock I When ' wili~ LWalter be back?' Stroke by strok.i _ the hour,was:tolled out, then~,again,. those mysterious sounds I had heard before- knock, ;knook ! M1y heart gave' agreat bouind; 'a sense of fear paralyzed' me, and then I 'determiiied'to coijrbt it. I -'braced my nerves and' rose-. rose and walked with firm steps, but beating heart into: the-' passage ; once more I listened at the foot of the stairs, at the patient's door, but there was no.sound. i Then I aescended and i searched the kitchen, but 'there was: ,riothing unsual, to be seen there; the cat lay before the dying 'embers, and the old clolk tickeid'" onii'tio6toniiisly; I! even .wentf to them scullery, -but there,too,silence reigned, and° nota thing was ouiit of place. I listened at the outside door which led 'into the yard, and could hear the snore of the dog(i'°ihis kennel ae.ihe lay dreaming of his last day's.sport,, or.. his much-enjoyed bones; with this exception all was still in the yard.' Perhaps,'after all, my ,mother-in law was'ill; and "I 'asceinded the stairs again and; again listened at the` door; I was.afraid . to, disturb her,; 'for I knew how much my' husband had wished that she should sleep. Slight as was the noise I made she i eard me and spoke : S'Lily, is anlything the matter ? (T be Continued.): . ' 