THE EX-PRESIDENT'S ALLOW. SANOE. TO TUE EDITORPO' TIIR SENTINEL. Sma,-Si theu grUt .DMr.. UN neU -or I mudiatised prince, shlidl 1 call hilit I-haus a Ithiln skin after all. He does not hku to' bo told that the president's allowance was intended by the Local. Governmwnt Act to be expended in charity, public hospitality, or uther acts of buuiceuncu. idu lias the lugal right to pocket the cash, but ilorally his cution is not justiliablu. Let illu all upon himi, in thu lauguage ad(loussud by Jonah to hisB'llubber-ludon Eilvihqmi, "Dis-g-or-g-o, i, sol, di.g.o.r "P'li Editor of the BoecUilla .Bia therskite "-the only title now iivailable since the, mining board, the shire coin oil, indl the justices' bunch kniow hli no more--must, in his far away youth, have read the poet Burns' fine aspiratioln- - "Oh, wad sniou powir'tluh giftie glous 1'' 'To se ourauls ic ithers seo us." But, nevurtholous, -hu scors it.1 Ul;dir, thu' shallow: prLtonce *.of .,claiuihigtluU autolurallip of theso lettors, hoe .,u1tu biographically linna his'uwai portraiture. "'A ain of obscure origin "-" of bounid lose impudencu "-" who lives out of Wo., deoga, lug no jsympathy with it, and ex punds his gains in autthor colony." Who does not recognise in this language Mr Newnan's own duesription l When hlo states that it would bu "interuesting, from a statistical .point of,viuw,: to know, what clharitius halv beudlitted ' bYj tho ex-president's allowanue, dous Ilu note oosho the words of half the ratopayers 7 They had a public mueting at Footsorayn thi other day, to irotut agaillst all allowancoleinyl imad t o the iTiayorT l Thl ratoplyuer woro indignalt it thtuid'ea of the Ipublic money bilng 'ipeit6 iil.; ilisto oratic festivities. I wolndelur could they imagine the position of a uniucipal chair-" mall, Of "obscuro origin" and " bound loss impudence," who would expand thu monoy purely for lhis own plub'ian No, no, Larry 1 Take my word for it, puiro, uinglo-mlnnded, unadulterated sel iaslhness will not" do'in the loung run? Peoplo may, anlll do; adlmire those finlnd talents which Nature has gifted you with, arid, on the other hand, they fool. con temipt and loathing for their misdirbctio?i. Make the best of a bad job, old boy, and, ,as Junah said to the whale, &c.-Yours;, ch., FAurrrAr's Gnosr. ' ýBothanga,_ .23rd August. 