The Dingy House at Kensington. CHAPTER XVI.—CONTINUED. " It seems as if all my life is buried with them," Bhe said. " And I amBO useless now. There is nothing left for me to do." Then there flashed aero88 her the remembrance of her mother's words concerning her father. " I wonder if he would be angry, if I went and wished him good-bye before lie goes oat this morning," she thought. " Poor mamma's otoly wish westhat I should be kind to him, but how can I, when he will hardly give me the chance of even speaking to him?" ' She went downstairs and waited in die diningroom, until he should come ont of the study on his way'4o the street-door, but it was a long time before she heard him get up from his writing-table. They had had breakfast together, but neither of them had spoken beyond a passing word. That was natural enough, per haps, though It was no exception to the general rale, on the first .morning of their absolute loneliness — a loneliness which even the lawyer felt, Polly saw that.. Hisface was almost stern -in its careworn gravity, as he sat staring blankly before him, and Polly had had no heart-to break the silence. She rose when hecameoutof hisstudy ready to leave the house for the day, and looked at him doubtfully, then almost awkwardly she went up to him. " Papa," she said, " can I do anything few you now, or while you . are out?" ' " No, thank you," he'answered coldly. She .waited a moment, then she put her 1 hand timidly upon Ids coat-sleeve. " Papa dear," she said softly, almost lovingly, " If I can be of any help or comfort to you, you will let me, won't you?" But he only nodded, and shook her off, and' she had no courage to say more. He turned back as' he was leavingtbe house. " Polly," he Baid, " there are some things of your mother's, dresses, and so on, you had better take possession of them, they will be'useful to you. Take them away, my dear." The- laut words were said mechanically, then was no warmth or affection in them, and PoUy sighed, as she watched him go. "X shall never be of any good to him," she said hopelessly, "never, I fed that. I will take away poor mamma's tilings presently, perhaps he cannot bear the sight of them." She went up-staira, and one .by one gathered together her mother's garments from out of this drawers where they iad been placed, smoothed and -carefully folded by die hands that would never touch diem more. They smelt of die lavender that Robert Welch had sent only a month ago, an she stood still for a moment, rtijnjrinj of die evening when Mrs. Dawson hai first hinted to him to bring home flowers and good things from Liverpool. Then with one long, loving look at the things, as if to remember for ever how they had been put away by the hands that, would touch than,no more, she stooped and took them out one by one —the eolitair silk dress, aad die bits of ribbon ana finery that had been -: so dear to her mother's heart' "Oh, mamma, oh, dear, dear mamma!" die cried out in her bitterneaB as she put diem lovingly away in a trunk. It was soon over/ Poor Mrs. Dawson had had bnt few -things to call her own, no trinkets, not evm a vatch, no delicate laces or rare shalirla -or cambric handkerchiefs,: only pome balf-worn clothes, aM^bune f ^ nL||Hunber. Polly sat down for a moment, %hen it was done, in the zoomi^he called her own—a meagre^ uncolafortable room, like the i«c4an~the tu^iJK, for Polly had no kniA-faaitftttnpllMOul) no little show of daintDy Ixrand books, nothing ^ — ghten np thte room - and make it 1 : Uy her 'oim.. No one had ever gxven her little luxuries, and she hadnever had mon^ tobuy them. "JL wish' I had MuAiiig of mamma^storemain ? in my.sght always, and teoumd me oftor,^ die said,as8he I around hWjbazirian h&t.; Tlito suddenly -shs nmenibered the ^sk, die little dtaaqr deflk^diiGh. her modier had prized ever since the days of her girlhood atBenthwaite. •< I don't think paj&naues; it," she thought, "I should SI? to h^ve it always »kc _ Ji «awthelittlepi«iets the Urn unused sheets of writing paptt, and shut it down quickly. "Ican't, I can't look at it yet, she cried, " and oh, poor papa would perhaps like that one thing to remind him of her," and the left it. But Polly soon had it, for in the evening whenthe silent teawas finished, tike lawyer turned round as he was entering the study, and asked hesitatingly and sadly— "Did you do what I told yon; did yon take your poor mother's things, my "Yes, papa, I took them all except the little desk, I thought you might like " "No, no, take that too, it all reminds me—it isBO sad to be reminded," he added, in a weak helpless tone. - \- So Polly took the little desk and put it on her toilet table. She seldom opened it; she never disturbed the contents, " it shall remain, for ever and ever, just as mamma left it," she said, and so it was. But it was always in the same place to remind her daily of the relationship that, save in her thoughts and memory, she could know no more. And then Polly's life alone, for she saw eo little of her father, it might be called alone, in the dingy house began, and it seemed as if nothing in the world awaited her. But a little of the darkness was soon to fce swept away, and the first person to let in any light was Margaret Albury. She came to see Polly as soon HB die thought it wise to do so, and was gende almost in her manner to the grave little girl she found sitting alone in the old arm-chair, which had ever been her refuge. " Poor little Polly; I am glad to see you again;" and she sat down and looked at her. Margaret Albury, with all her sarcasm and sharpness, had a keen sen»e of beauty, and the soft outline of P< 11 v-'a face always had a charm for her. " Life is not such a delightful thing, is it ?" she asked bitterly. " No, it is not," Polly answered. ''And you must be very lonely?' she went on. " What do you do with yourself all day, sit and think of your mother and Jack?" Then Polly looked up reproachfully. No one had any right to mention the names that for evermore were sacred. "No," she ansve-ed, coldly. A Btrange touch of feeling came into Margaret Albury's voice. " Don't look at measif Ihad done your dead some harm by mentioning their names," she said. "Don't let them pass out of your life, dear, keep them in i t while you can. The rest will not be so hard to bear if you do that. It is a barbarous custom, that of never speaking of those that are gone. It originated with savages, who were afraid of saying a dead man's name for fear of raising his ghost. "Don't be afraid of talking of them as if death were a disgrace," she went on bitterly. "Speakof them whenever you can, or whenever you think your hearer wOl listen with revbreuce or sympathy." - "But if one can't," said Poily, her eyes filling with tears. " If one can't " Tou will learn; it wiil come, and you must try. There is a great virtue in grinning and bearing," she added in her old sarcastic manner. "I believe one can bear anything quietly, no matter what one feels, if one only tries, and it is a duty to try. One can't help crying out when the blow is struck, but he is a coward indeed who does not endure the after-pain in silence, or does not try to do so. So you will gain control, Polly. It will come, though I know well enough that for a long time, even if your lips are smiling, your heart will beBad. But, dear, you will get .to see how happy you were in having had their love, and how blessed you are in remembering it. I don't see why you should not say and feel that tbey love you still. It is always twdve by the clock that stops at noon, vou know." "But want them; I miss them so sorely. I have nothing to do, and no one to love me," Polly said, helplessly, the tears streaming down her face. " Forget yourself, and your own life and longings, in other people, in their lives and longings, then you will miss them less, though loving them the same, and you cm always find something to do. There is your father." Miss Albury's voice was d almost scornful as she mentioned his name, for she had no love for the lawyer. " He won't let me. He never liked us to take much notice of him, and he would not thank me whatever I did for him." "Ton must not do your duty for the sake of the thanks you may get, you foolish little thing," she answered angrily. " Do what you can for him, whether he knows it or not, or thanks you or not. Tou should do right for its own sake; not for what you are going to get by it. I must say I never feel much respect for those worthy Christians who do their duty, and pi into the plate on Sunday, because they think they may get heaven by it I doubt if they will," she added quickly. "But I have nothing to do, and no one cares forme," Polly said again. "Yon can find plenty to do if you look for it, and you won't find it difficult to make people love you, Polly dear," Margaret Albury answered; and her voice was softer as die said the last words. "You must not think of yonrsdf, nor merely seek love to satisfy your human craving for it, but be jBatisfied with giving love. Yon will find pbofy of people glad and thankful te it; poor folk, and sick ones, and little children." " But I have no money for these." "Money!" she said contemptuously. Youcanhdp them without money, love diem and snk for them, «nd enter into their joys and sorrows. Care for^them, and they will care , for "" understand sorrow**" " been in its lagd ge, €^pecially A proToDw tuODi; from getting self-centred. Girls are often a little unfeeling— a sorrow -wakes them up, it*tarts them and seta them going. I-know thia sounds very brutal, but it's true; though I don't mean that you were unfeeling, Polly dear. - But what a sermon I'm preaching. Quite a new line, isn't it, for me to come out as an apostle, preaching love and sympathy," shesaid suddenly,in heroldrasping voice. "Ifeel like a doctor prescribing the hysic I wouldn't take for worlds. And ? don't love people overmuch myself, and they don't love me, I'm thankful to say; I should be nicely bored if they did. I like preaching to you, Polly; it's quite amusing to advise you to be a pattern of virtue, without even troubling myself to be one &B; an example; but I detest examples, and trust I shall never be one, and never cultivate my conscience to such an extent as to cease to enjoy my own diortcomings." Then she got up to go. " I have talked you to death," she said. "Are you longing to get rid of me?" "No; and I was thinking " " Then, yon were not listening to my sermon, you rnde child?" "I was thinking," said Polly, not noticing her interruption, and speaking in a soft, grateful voice, " that you were vexy, very kind to Jack, and I should like to" and die burst into tears again, and struggled with them hopelesdy. " Oh, I will try, I - will try," she sobbed. "I will learn to bear it, but it is so new yet, you see. I can't think of it some "1 know you can't," Margaret Albuiy Baid tenderly, and she took Polly into her arms and kissed her. " I don't want to make a stoic of yau; you could not be one, poor thing. Yonr grief must have its natural fling;; but the self-control will come, and you will be better for it. I am glad you think I was kind to Jack, dear; but I was not. He was a dear, little fellow, and I merely followed the bent of my own inclination in coming to see him, and inviting you down to the sea," and she remembered, though Polly did not, that she had refused to have MTB. Dawson as a guest instead of Polly, and Margaret Albtuy's conscience was not quite as easy-going as she boasted. "1 wanted your company, so it was kindness to myself, rather than to you, that made me invite you. Well, good-bye. Next time I feel in a moralising humour," she said sharply," I will stay at home. Good-bye, again." Polly went with her to the street door, and stood watching her disappear, for she had only the dull empty room to return to; and, as yet she was not able to read, and find an interest in books again. And as she was about to shut the door, the postman came and put a letter into the hand she held out, wondering from whom it could be, for Polly had so few letters Her heart 6tood still aB she saw it, and - she carried it back to the dining-room, and sat down in her chair again. It was a letter written on thin paper, with a foreign postmark, and directed in a thick, indistinct hand. She looked at it vacantly, while the remembrance of the past, which had been sleeping during her recent troubles, came back with all its old sweet force. "It is from Bichard Brandford." she said to herself, as sbe nervously unfolded the one sheet of paper it contained; but the words danced before her eyes and she could not see them. " Oh," she exclaimed, " if it had only come before. I was so happy wheu I saw him last, and yet I did not know it." PART H. CHAPTER I. A BUSK OF BLUE. The months went by until the winter had gone, and spring came again, and it was nearly a year since Jack had died. And Polly, taking Margaret Albury's words to heart, struggled after selfcontrol until it gradually became natural to her, and if her smiles were not as frequent as they once were, there was more sweetnoss in the grave half-sad expression that was often on her face. She altered, even more than she had in the months after she first knew Bicliard Brandford, and far more imperceptibly to herself. She had from necessity to make a world for herself, and she made it. At first, life was miserably dull and lonely; it was lonely still, but it was no longer dull. Perhaps, some girls left entirely to their own devices, and with the longing for friends and admiration, and the appreciation of affection which is in all feminine natures and the lingering vanity which is in most of them, would have filled up the blank days by occupation unlike Polly's. But the lawyer's daughter shrank, not only from all that was bad and on, womanly, but from all that was frivolous, when she once recognised its frivolity. The autumn months after her mother's death had been bitter and wretched— the first griefs of our lives, though they may not be the most lasting, are yet for the time the keenest and hardest to bear — and she longed hundred times, to rush away from the world, which promised nothing that could compensate ner for what die had lost The first break that came to her, was Margaret Albury's visit, and Bichard Brandford's letter, and the last did her more good than the first She was not strong enough, not old enough, and too girlish to Btaxt snddenly on a philanthropic career, no matter on how small a scale; die tyad jio, idea how to set about it ^ She had the h6art to love die poor and sick, and die desire to hdp them; but, as yet, she had neither die energy nor the physique. Bothandht eamemaomedimfttture,if home dubee, and home influence, were impossiblfethingsforever; but the time was not ^%|g||||gtll^<ertain. Still Margaret Auii^Bpl^^spoken words were taken Jto HeaE| a||M>ore good fruit. Butit ,wi§§Bichard Brandford's letter that KMouiScT' her most It was not sentimental. It was merely a short pleaimnt note, which he wrote partly because he had said he would write, and partly for some reason which he did not care to define, for when satisfied that there was no particular harm in them, he never troubled himself to find motives for lus actions. Ho merely told her of his safe arrival, inquired after Jack, and said a few words of sympathy for his illness, and advised her to read some particular book; and then concluded with a few remarks on Spa and the places he had passed through. That was all; but he woke again in Polly's heart the love which months before had stolen into it unawares, and she felt that for the sake of that love her hands and brain must lie idle no longer. There was no harm in the feeling she had for Bichard Brandford no sickly sentiment of unreasoning: devotion (as devotion given too easily often is); no nnmaidenly excess of unsought-for, passionate, affection. For long months, die had almost forgotten that die loved him, though unconsciously, even then, it formed an undercurrent to her life, and now it served, not to make her forget her dear ones who were gone, but to help her to give them a still higher love, and as a lever to raise her thoughts above the routine of her simple eveiy-day duties. Though gradudly it came to govern her life, and regulate most of its actions, it never ruffled its serenity; it was a sweet, pure, almost grateful love, such as might have been given in old days to a patron sunt, though Bichard Brandford was not in the least like a saint in the calendar. "They are quite right,' she said to herself the next morning, as she sat thinking of Margaret's conversation and Bichard Brandford's letter, and putting the two together somehow, till they made a whole. "It will never do to spend all my time in vain regrets, or in occupations that are useless. I have a great deal yet to do. There is papa, even if he will not care for me. I can be useful to him, and then Mr Brandford always said that quiet and loneliness could be both profitable, and pleasant, if one only knew how to employ them." She read her letter again, it was the first she had ever had from him, and she remembered Robert Welch's first letter, and thought how differeut it was from this one. She had read that'a good many times ; but after a few days, die had forgotten all about it. This one she knew by heart before it had been an hour in her possession, and she carried it about with her, and pulled it out a dozen times a day, even when she had not time to indulge in the luxury of spelling over the words. They 'were very indistinct words; but that only added to her enjoyment, for. there was a pleasant excitement in trying to make out the letters which composed them; a hopeless task, for henever shaped one properly, and the words only looked like vague portraits of what they were intented to be; then having given it a little pat, she put it back into her pocket, with a smile and a blush, wondering what 6he should say in return, and how socn it would do to answer it, without 6eemwg to do so too quickly. So Polly looked round for work to do. ?he began with her father'shoiise, which i P ^eanneM, she made more j comfortable; 6 l t e , t s learning careful house I and attending to his lndi- V l d u?] , c o m f o r l repaid her by c; a single , f though he never a n word of acknowledgment, she was yet thankful to find things she could do for him. She tried hard, too, in these days, to win a little affection from him, thinking, perhaps, that now she was all he had left, he might care for her a little more than formerly ; but he never altered, in manner at any rate. He gave her kind words after his own fashion, but there was no warmth, and Polly felt no heart in them ; still she was not discouraged, but showered a dozen little attentions and caresses onhim, which he only tacitly accepted, and never acknowledged. He might havehad some affection for her, after his own fashion, but if he had, he never showed it. It might have been that he was ashamed of taking a first step in a right direction, and was ashamed to confess it, even if he felt touched by her kindness, or grateful for her care. Sometimes she noticed with alarm, how much he altered in the long monthsafter Mrs. Dawson's death. He grew nervous and excitable, and seemed unsettled as to his affairs, telling her at one time that she was trying to ruin h™, and that he should let the dingy, houseand send her to her aunt at Benthwaite, and at another that he should , dissolve partnership at once with Albury, and take to some more lucrative profession. The hope of effecting any change in his demeanour Polly almost abandoned, as the months went on; but hiB comfort dienever neglected, and tried in every way to study it The house itself looked better than formerly. In her mother's time she had not been the responsible mistress, and Mrs. Dawson) though childish and ease-loving, would have resented interference. She now took pains to make it appear at its best And a pretty little housewife Polly looked as she west critically through the rooms, or considerately reflecting that one underpaid servant could not do everything, dusted the chilly, desolate drawing-room, or darned a " Jacob's ladder" in the curtains. \- Robert Welch came t-i town once daring the winter, and when he saw Polly laboriously adding up the tiny items of her weekly expenditure, he fell more in love with her than ever, -and told her "that the very thonght of a pudding made by hear gave him an enormous appetite." Then Polly laughed her old, sweet langh, and bewitched himaaofold. i 0b«ntet) 