TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON. TVESDAT. A considerable amount of good, useful work was performed on the tracks this morning-, and the jroiny was everything that could be desired. ^ eeud and llorrison were first to put in an appearance with their teams, but nothing of moment occurred till shortly after 5 o'clock, when All Gold and Fish o' Silver were put alongside cadi other for a spin of a mile or 60, at the conclusion of which the son of Angler and Nevada had decidedly the best of the argument. Mr. H'Donald was also early at work, and he sent Lara and The Lcvite lor a strong round; Harridan following by striding round the sand. Qortense (Power up) and Success worked together, and galloped fire furlong* strongly to wind up with. The Maribyrnong Plate heroine looks very well, and will be wound up lor her next important essay. Trojan and Lord Wilton were also out during the moraine, with others of the South Aus tralian string. Distiller went a mile and a half; and Mr. W. IS. Dakin's two-year-old Muskets, with Musk j Uose, and the recently-arrived New Zealand filly (full sister to Lurline), were itiven nice easy work, which also applies to Darn odes, Quintin liatsep, however, doing a fast six furlongs. Mr. Whitty's lot did unimportant work, and Duntop was on the tan track, where Com motion strode twice round, moving freely aad well, piioted by Murphy .^The old champion H the picture of health* and revels in his work as of yore. Mr. F. Dakin also sent Bedouin and Qlenliret round the sand for useful striding exercise. The Agent U in rood work, and after moving slowly, went a strong gallop; and lladdelina was moring at a slow pace, along with Sumatra and others of lfr. A. Darles'steam. Goffev hai St John out for exercise on the tan, but Allander and Honeyoomb were treated to a first-rate gallop j and Straight Shot went slowly round the tan. Sardius was accompanied by utmoc on the outer track, doing a ooupJe of rounds at three quarter pace. Messrs. Oripps gave Iteration a long bout of half-pace work on the band; and others of the string worked moderately. Letbia did her morn ing's work inside the course, wbere also one or two jumpers jrere soboslinz. M'Kaisara sent Bdith and the sister to Agent together, aal they finished by spurtine home, while Umbra and Brigantine were gives a strong gallop round the sand. Other teams oat included Wilson's, Hickinbothem'e, Chifney's, and a few of Mr. Glasscock's. CAULFIELD, TCESDAT. This was a beautiful morning for work, and an early start was made by PouUham, who set the ball rolling shortly alter 4 o'clock. Silrermine and Kohai were given a good strong working gallop on the grass ; both these horses look nice and pink, the latter having wonderfully improved sine* his Bendigo vic tory. Bonnie Doon ran a useful round on the grass. Gentility strode along on the sand. Chioago, who is rapidly getting into form, was treated to a pipe opener on the gran. Marm km and the rest of this team were given useful exercise. Connolly started by sending Louisa Berta useful work over a mile. Sweetmeat and Topsail put in three founds on the tan, the last at half-pace. Lady Ash too and Banker finished three tarns on the tan in a workmanlike manner; the former looks fresh aad well. Bonnie Lad, Eugenie, Carnarvon, and Mabocklish went healthy exercise. Kellr gave Revenge a useful gallop over a mile, the hunite raccr moving freely. The £useex co't was al lotted long steady exercise on the tan. Western ran home bom the mile. Anarchy bru-hed done on the grass. Campbell sent Blondin, with Mick O'Brien up, a strong mile; Lord Allan cantered and spurted ; Agnes was treated to medium pace exercise. Highland Chief did not work. Jones bad a lour string at work ; Ware and Epicurean ran a smart jfaJlop over five fnrtanja. Goodwood galloped a mile. Doucalston had Union Jack for a companion over a round on the inner circle; the steeplechaser made things very merry for fiie son of The Marquis. Delamia brushed along over the tan for four or five furlongs. Ilia Mia and Burn went suitable work. Iisette, who looks trice aad big, went three tons on the tan, the last at half paos. Burprise ran boew from the eix-furlong post Leek despatched Kenneth for* ronnd on the inner circle, Dargin bringing him boms the last couple of furiongs. Master John went a strong round on the sand. Beckwith west half-pace, for exercise. Batty had Little Jack with Burton up, lumping the school inr fence*, which he negotiated cleverly. Hazard and Pocahontas were given good sound work on the sand ; while Umberto covered Six or eeven furlongs on the gnus; Townley worked on the sand. Bence treated POotinan to agood strong ronnd on die tan. The steeplechaser Peter bowled along on the sand. aad First Pop went long; healthy exercise on the grass. Berkeley and the remainder of the team went good serviceable work. Collins gave Mew master a good useful gallop over a mile on the grass, the V.A.T.C. Maiden Plate winner going well within himself an the distanoe. Gaatrarner and Little Jim worked on the sand. Eoberls had Patience and Cricket striding along on the tan. Leng sent Alexandria (ran the mile to the half-mile on toe grass. Gestus and Piotx Orand wen doing useful work. Crown Brand worked oo the tan. Bar pet's pair, Carnival and Julian Cray ran a useful four hiriongi on the grass. Phrebe Walton and Unoas were doing nioe striding exercise. Davis bad Oame rine and Dexter working the reverse way. The brothers Moran gave King of the West long useful work on the crass. Little John worked oo the sand. Victor, Waiter, and the remainder of the string were doing their morning** portion on the sand ana tan. After breakfast Williams treated Grmoe Darting to a round on the grass. S» mare, having Goriy in the saddle, went very wdL Kitty Fisher trotted and cantered. Empress, Hot Iron, Crane, and Ghost were each separately treated to a plpe-opeaer on the grass. Lady Lovell and Oientworth cantered and spur ed Albums has left for Sydney. Coonolly has got a ie addition to his string In Fearnought, a jumper. THUBSDAT. A beautifulisomin; for training, and some interest ing work wits gone through. Connolly was the first to put in an appearance. He started by giving Louisa Berta aomalnod aonad work oo the grass. The Jumpers TopdBl and QwseUauat were extended over aooupleof tttbson «?» «aod. Mr Ash too went three useful rounds onlhe sand, the daughter of Paolo moving nioe and free. Carnarvon worked alone on the tan. Banker was treated to long useful work on the tan. Bonnie Lad and Upper Oust were cantering, the rest of the team wore givm ordinary woifctesk gave Beofc^aa^Mstfer John a good working gallop on tbOgaodTltaiMth atfd Darglo went medium pace exsreisa. jUmrt Qunrfral and JaUan Oflur tm five ftHown <M Ijpnrin, who hasfust gScTsraflossoqpfy^w»Ac*«grtowf)sos aortas oa them*. DsouMiilH|«|k*M pipe-opener on the grass. Haiard, with hi* trainer up, and a new addition to the string not named and pedigree unknown, were Jumping the schooling hurdlca, tlio pair answering the task admirably. Townley did useful work on the Band. Jones had a Ion; string oat: Goodwood add Dougalstoo were given a strong Rvlop of about a mile and a quarter. Epkmrean ana The Ware did useful work oyer five or .ix furlongs. Mia Hia also brushed along for Six or .even furlongs, Btuca and Usette were each sepa rately treated to a coupic of turnB on Uie tan for good . healthy exercise. Delamia ran home (coin the four furlongs on the grass. Surprise, Mistake, and Violet were all doing useful work. Leng treated Lady Maokle, Alexandria, and Pro toe Grand to mild exer cise on the sand. Cestus oantcrcd and spurted. Boberts sent Spider and Cricket two strong turns on the tan. Patience went useful exercise. Foulsham sent Silvermine, in company with Kohai, a strong once round on the grass, the unlucky eon of Napoleon and Silverhair going strong and well; his companion still keeps on improving. Chicago and Gentility covered eiv or seven furlonps for nice striding exercise. Uarmion bowled along on the sand. Kelly had Western, Revenue, The Sussex colt. Energy, Anarchy, and Bridegroom doing useful exercise. Yesterday the first-named and The Chief were given a good sound gallop over a mile. Revenge assisting them home the latter part of the distance. Davis sent Heerechaum and Daystar a couple of use ful turns on the tag, the pair winding up by brush ing along for five or mx furlongs. Dexter and Ganio rine were striding along on the grass. King gave Union Jack, who is on the improving side, a good working gallop over two miles on the tan. Benoe gave Berkeley some good, souni work on the sand ; Footman and First Pop galloped on the tan; Gadland has been treated to a dose of physio; Peter, Cbandos, and Reprieve were given suitable work. Reid had Grace Darling, The Crane, Hot Iron, Kitty Fisher, Empress, and the Robinson Crusoe-Dagniar colt cantering. The Moran Brothers had Phenomenon doing long useful work on the tan. Victor was treated to a pipe-openor. King of the West was allotted good, useful work on the grass. Waiter and others of his team were all working. King ot the West leaves to-day for WarrnambOoL 