CHESS NOTES. Mr. H. R. Torode, who was a fellowpaa senger with the late Dean Russell on board the Navarino from England in 1S54, has shown us a set of chessmen which Mr. Torode cut with his pocket-knife for the Dean's use on board. The Dean officiated as chaplain, and was very agreeable to bis fellow-passengers, doing all he could for them to relieve the tedium of the voyage. Mow would a collection ot trie best games ever played by Steinitz and Zukertort any where compare with an equal number played by Paul Morphy ? The answer (eays the Cin cinnati Gazette) is easy. They wouldn't com pare at all. They belong to another and in ferior grade of ability. If anybody has been deceived on this point by the egotistic claims of Steinitz and Zukertort, let him examine the nine games of the pending match. Morphy could have given such blunderers Fawn and move with ease. The friends of Morphy never had to plead that he was ''out of form.' The London correspondent of the British Chess Magazine writes to the April number : — My_ friend of Purssell's amongst his other notions holds very firmly to the idea that good chess-players are short men, and instances Steinitz and Zukertort as strong proof of the truth of his theory. I asked him what about Blackbume? 'Blaekburne may be looked upon as being only an exception proving the rule,' was 'his reply, 'but I am of opinion that nature made a great mistake in making him so tall; now had he been only 5 feet 2 or 3 inches no one would have had a ghost of a chance with him !' 'What facts have you to go upon for your theory,' I enquired. ' Facts, sir, facts ? Why common observation. Look at Potter, or Gunsberg, or Mason, all short men, every one of them. Yes sir, and look 'at Lord, who has juBt drawn with Hirschfeld in the St. George's and City match. Why, had he been a six footer instead of the neat little man he is, he would have been playing at the bottom instead of the top, and a poor player even then !' I looked at my' friend's own stature, and asked him what he thought nature had done for him in the matter of body. 'Scurvily, my dear sir, most scurvily has she treated me I own. I do envy these, little men.' Well, well, thought 3, every man to his humor ! The Nuova Rivitta degli Saacchi, in its double number for January and February, only lately to hand, publishes the programme of the Fifth Italian National Tourney, which w.is to com mence at Some on March 15. There were to be two tourneye, one for masters, the other a handicap. In the former, the prizes would be— First prize, 1,200 lire, or £50; second prize, 700 liie; third prize, 400 lire; fourth prize,1 250 lire. In the handicap the first prize was to bs COO lire, and the rest in proportion. . The following pretty verses by the Rev. J. Pierce appear in the April number of the British Chess Magazine under the heading ' A Game of Chess (opening, rather irregular).' A pleasant sight to see Alice and Maud, With eerious looks intent, Over the checkered board On harmless mischief bent. The stately Maud, with rippling, nut-brown hair And voice like chiming brooks ; Alice, as sunshine fair, And soft, appealing looks. Broken the play by lively interlude (And this we like the best) Of silvery laugh, subdued, That meets the sparkling jest. The saucy 'check,' anon the false alarm, The flush on Maud's fair face, lend to the game new charm, Brightness and joy and grace. The fancy comes that one would like to stand As yon tall Knight and piond, Clasp'd by that gentle hand, To its eweet service vow*d, Amid the reeling squares our way to make, Fill'd with devotiou's breath, The serried files to break, And then to die the death. A fancy vain ; the while the fight goes on, The busy warriors pass. Clash and are quickly gone, Till comes the coup de grace. And so the game is done ; no doubt the play At times ivas very queer, Some plots went all astray, And some were far Irom clear. Well, there is. Chess more sound and hard and deep That may be found elsewhere ; Still in my heart I keep That picture ever fair. 