THEATRICAL MOVEMENTS. —Theatre Royal. " Estrella." —Opera House. " Princess Toto." —Bijou Theatre. " The Majoronis." —Victoria Hal], Clark's " Silk Stockings." —Nugget Theatre. D'Orsay Ogden Company. —St. George's Hay. Perman and Smith's Co. —Waxworks. Tliauma and other attractions. —Empire Music Hall. Dartou's concerts. —M'Mahon and Leiteli "Silver King" Co., at latest Rockliainpton (Q). —Harry Dramatic Combination. Queensland tour. —Rignold. Auckland, 24th May to 26th Juno. —Dampier Company. Sydney. —Hiscoeks' Federal Minstrels. Sydney. —Leon aud Cuehman's Minstrels. New Zealand tour. —Wirth's Circus. Provincial tour. —llidge's Circus. Suburbs. —Hayvnau-Norman Company. N.S.W. towns. —Darrell Dramatic Company. Hobart. Launceston to follow. —Madame Cora touring India, <fcc. —Salenger Opera Co. Indian tour. —Professor Baldwin. Sydney. —Lacey's Circus. North-Eastern Line. —Holloway's Co. Brisbane. —Williamson, Garner and Musgrove liave in the most generous manner come forward to assist Mr. W. J. Holloway. Tlie latter gentleman, it will be remembered, lost all his wardrobe, etc., by the wreck of the Ly-ee-moon, and the Royal management have placed theirs at his disposal. —Wybert's next production should be " Only Rain." —The oldest musical conductor in the world is M. Mezerey, musical conductor of the Bordeaux Theatre who is 80 iyears old, and still wields the baton with the energy of a man 00 years younger. —Iu Cincinnati the Law and Order League has at last triumphed over Sunday theatricals, and the managers have capitulated. A vigorous war on the concert halls will now begin. —Wellington amateurs are doing " Patience." Local playgoers must have patience, too. —Paust Family. Queensland. —Not bad, that levee business. Our printer's devil is about to give one shortly. —Tom Buckley and Hibernicon iu Sydney, advertising for talent. Tom has a neat little show. —A now romantic drama in four acts, by Mr. Dion Boucicault, entitled "Spae Wife," was recently produced at the Elephant and Castle Theatre, London.'The drama is, it is said, a neat adaptation of Scott's novel " Guy Mannering." ' —Geo. Buller the "lightning" advertiser, lis about to take a two years trip through the principal towns of Victoria. —It has been definitely arranged that Miss Minnie Palmer will open in Australia at the Bijou Theatre under the management of Messrs. Majeroni aud Wilson. The opening piece mil be, of course, " My Sweetheart" —The Raynor Brothers, on finishing with Rickards will start on a tour of their own. —Messi-6. Leitch and M'Mahon have hit up a rather novel way of advertising " His Natural Life." They get a chain-gang to perambulate the streets with a warder attached, and so well were these " fixed" that one generous bushnian in Brisbane accosted the warder, and said: " Mister, would you mind letting these poor devils have a drop of beer if I bring it ?" The warder assented to the request, and took a pint liimself. —Mr, Kyrle Bellew (our Kyyle) has joined the ranks of playwrights, and a piece by him, entitled " Ever and Aye " has been produced in Loudon. ' —Wellington Amateurs are thus spoken ofWednesday evening saw the first performance of * Our American Cousin,' by a group of our most cherished amateurs, at the Princess' Theatre. The Benevolent Dramatic Club and Mr. H. Nortnan, their stage manager, have been working hard at rehearsals. I Bhall not be able to judge the full merit of their iniquity until next week." " Cherished" is good. —The Madison Square Theatre, New York, is one of the most perfectly fitted-up dramatic establishments in the world. It was built under particular circumstances by a joint company of wealthy and religious—or, at least temperance advocates, the latter arguing that if theatrical representations must form part of the amusements of the people it would be better to retain the direction of them in their own hands, and by making the theatre very attractive, as well as giving special inducement, the young men might be warned from heavier viceB. Hence, the double stage ; one act would be set whilst another was going on, and could be instantly hoisted or lowered into position. There would be, therefore, no opportunity for leaving the seats to obtain a drink "between the acts." —.Johnny Hall, St. Clare and Co. in B&Uarat.; —An offer of £500 for the colonial rights of 'Peer or Pauper" has been made by Mr. Maitland,m London •who startB for the colonies shortly. —Billy Emerson promises us a return trip in November. , —A sad story of an actress' life from behind the scenes has just come to light by the death of Maud Stuart. She was a western girl, of a prominent family, her father, Major Stubbs, being at one time Mayor of Indianapolis, Five years ago she joined the Madison-square Theatre Co., and was an intimate friend of Miss Georgie Cayvan She left the company when Mr. Frohman gave up the management. Last fall, when playing in "Poquita" at the Fourteenth-street Theatre, she met Mr. Frederick do Belleville, who is well- known in Melbourne, And went to San Francisco with him. About a month ago they returned, she with a young infant. Mr. dp Belleville's domestic relations have been very much tangled. He is now suing for divorce from one wife, while still another woman asserts a prior claim. So when MissStuart died recently people were rather surprised to 'bear him say that she was his wife. The actor was nearly frenzied with grief, and became quite so when malicious stories were circulated. He. would not allow the body to be removed, though every preparation was made to transfer it to its parents in the west. Miss Stuart ^Ms a great favourite, from her sweet ways and fverv pretty face. She came into prominence as the blind girl in " Esmeralda." —Letter at'this office for Geo. Lee, circus agent. —The Helen Vivian Company have been producing "East Lynne" and such like Jiovelties at Tungamah. Company well spoken of. —Trapping the Ghost of Hamlet's Father.—A good story is told of Shepherd, one time Mr. Creswick's partner in the management of the Surrey Theatre. He was an admirable stage manager, and not a bad actor of the T. P. Cooke school, fond of playing nautical parts. Many people had seen him, cutlass in hand, a child liangingon each shoulder,' and a woman clinging round his waist, holding his own bravely against a horde, of pirates, Sh epherd's weak point was his voice, which was wofully thin—not to say squeaky. One night he was plajing the Ghost in "Hamlet," He was not content with the ordinary exit, but must needs go through the trap. Ho gave elaborate instructions as to how ho should be be lowered a little at each " Remember." The time was given too quick, and at the last " Remember " Shepherd descended abruptly. The elide closed too quickly and caught him by the neck. Of course, seeing what had happened, the men opened the slide again smartly, and Shepherd disappeared with a last " Remember—what the are you doing down there, hey ?" —News to hand from Fred. Mills, of whom, by-theway, the Daily Alta, 'Frisco, has the following;—" The Standard Theatre was re-opened last night by Mr. Fred. W. Mills, the young Australian ventriloquist. He came well recommended, and proved worthy of his reputation. No better, brighter, neater performance of the kind has ever been given here. The audience, which was not very large and seemed rather cold at first, gradually warmed up to a pitch of the most friendly enthusiasm before the close of his two-hour entertainment. The first part consisted of four character acts with songs, the best of which werean Irishmen with a speech, song and recitation, Very well done, and a tramp musician in a wonderful make up, who played several instruments and sang three songs in different voices, manifesting great dramatic' ability on the part of Mr. Mills. The second part was devoted entirely to ventriloquial songs, duets, and even quartetts by a number of manikins, including an Irishman, an old woman, a Chinaman, a Negro, a Quaker and a Dutchman, between whom and Mr. Mills an unflagging flow of wit and repartee was kept up for an hour. Many happy allusions to local affairs, and graceful mention of rival entertainments, showed that Mr. Mills is not 'only a phenomenal ventriloquist, but a very witty and clever artist, as well as a genial gentleman. His performance is delightful aud thoroughly clean, bidding fair to prove as great an attraction as the well remembered engagement of Mr. and Mrs. George Case, ten years ago. Mr. Mills has reason to feel gratified at the excellent impression he made last night upon his first American audience." —The Australian Eleven have been to see Minnie Palmer and " My Sweetheart." Hero's a speech made by her:—" Ladies and Gentlemen,—I know you will excuse Tina making a speech; she could not if she tried ever so hard. But you have all been so good to me to- night—and since I first ventured, a little stranger from beyond the seas, to make my appearance on your boards, English people have all been so kind that I cannot leave you without saying, *' Thank you very much.* I have just said that I came amongst you as a stranger; but that is hardly true. England and America are at least first cousins, Beeing that cousins may kiss, they cannot be called strangers, can they ? There is one thing about England: her dear old mother tongue is a letter of introduction to all the best people in the world, and I feel sure that the open-hearted welcome—a welcome much above my poor desserts—which you have'given me, will at least induce my big Australian brothers—I like big brothers, because they are so nice—to hear me when I reach their great home in Australia in next September. I have yet to see a kangaroo—I do not even know if they grow on trees—so you see, although I am going to marry Tony, I have much to learn. But I have seen some Australians—I baveseen the Australian cricketers; and if I had not a sweetheart already—well—I might have chosen a new one. But now, like another sweetheart, one of Shakespeare's sweethearts, I must 6ay 'Good-bye.' I shall never forget how good you have been to me. Good night, good night, parting iB such sweet sorrow That I could say good night till it be morrow." —They're pretty rough on the poor players in Italy. This is how they sum up the production, at the Theatre Fraschini, of " Faust." The performance was particularly noticeable owing to the engagement of Signora M&rgherita;, Giollini, a young artist who has lately attained much success in Naples, Genoa, and Milan. Certainly her performance as Margaret justified the lavish praise which has been metea out to her in those citieB. Signora Giollini is gifted with a charming stage appearance and a sweet soprano voice, evidently cultivated with core. Throughout she sang with true artistic feeling, her upper notes being particularly fine; while her whole rendering of the part was characterised by great refinement and much dramatic instinct. It goes without saying that the audience were delighted, and exhibited their approval ir a very marked manner. The other characters unfortunatelyiwere not included in therepeated applause, and very justly, too. Faust was delineated by Signor Francisco de Angelis, whose poor tenor voice, and total ignorance of acting, combined to give anything but a heavenly performance. Signor Abramo Abramoff as Mepliistopheloa was by no means remarkable, and some thought, might well have remained off; while the Valentine of Signor Ernesto Miotti would have been much more appreciated had he discarded a most horrible' tremulo,' which marred an otherwise fine baritone voice. The chorus sang as if they were at an Irish wake, and were a source of annoyance and derision to the audience. In fact, I never before saw such an ill-clad, ignorant, and voiceless assemblage on any stage. The band was large and well conducted." —G rattan Biggs and;Company. Wellington, New Zeaand. 