«gtavtkcru Miner. J , ? PUBLISHED DAIIA. HON OA r, NOVEMBER S, t8S6~ THE prophets after the event are always the most dogmatical. The tribe of " I told yon so " are the most exasperating and trying to human patience. This tri>>e, after the publication of the Pre mier's cablegram, which apj>c>red ir» Friday's NORTHERN XIiner, croaMnl dismally in chorus L told you so." Ifever a wonl abo"t Charters' Towers, good, or bad. As tli:-re may be some ^ . ©or readers who h«ve not read this cablegram we give i« again. This is Use j message Sir S. W. Gbiffith sent to t «-.o J Agent-General :-"Pies- tclegianis re- I port fltieint'ia being made to in England several (£necnaU«d n"'"' COIU paints. There is ie»s<'ii to fear tl^at eome are notalt'-geth'T hona- jitle. No' li ing is known here of the West Mount Morgan or the Electron. Care should . be taken by investors." The Premier stated in the House that he had in structed this Agent-General to use his cablegram discreetly. There is nothing in this cablegram to that . effect, therefore, it is a legitimate conclusion that there was another cable gram containing secret instructions to Mr. Gaeeick. Mr. LISSNEB. should en deavor to unearth that cablegram. Patting that asi'le, we contend there is enough in. the published cablegram, to justify the action of the public meeting. Why did not the present prophets after .' the event have the pluck of Mr PaULL and stand np at the public meeting and argue against the resolutions proj>ose<! % We admire Mr. Paitll for bis manly stand. Mr. PLANT shared his views, why did he not appear at the public meeting and denonnce the resolutions ? No, be thought it be.tter to hang off, and then try to choke off the cablegram the * public meeting had ordered to be. sent to the Times. Jt is remarkable that the Premier pats forward the Press tele grams as the only source of his informa tion, and they only " repoi t" they do not s»*fe as actual facts. He, on *he . contraiy, goes on " intuition," on that internal knowledge possessed by Bris bane men t>f Charters Towers mines, he says " there is reason to fear." On what ". Is that founded ? Whit reason, in par ticular, has he to fear? I'e does not Fay thee may be a general good reason for fearing that all g"ld mines beget wild cats, but to re peat euch a truism on the Stock ' " Exchange, London, would excite Titanic peals of laughter. They would say this Queensland Premier is a soft one. He is going in for 1 bearing' the Oharters Towers mines, and thinks his little game Is not Been ihiough." The outside capi talists, the widows of depaited generals and captains in the navy would be terrified and sell out . of Day Dawn Blocks. The cablegram says several" Qneensland gold mines had been attempted to lie floated. At the time the Premier cabled this the only mines reported in the Courier were Charters Towers mines. He adds " there is reason to fear that some are not altogether bona fide." That refers plainly to Char'ers Towers mines; that is the fair interpretation of the words. Sue picion is cast on some mines; the only ones known to the public were Charters Towers mines, therefore, suspicion is cast on them. Then he picks out two Jt mines -the West Mount Morgan and r the Electron-"of {which! nothing is known herethat is, in Brisbane. He damns them straight. Yet there is no evidence to prove that- they are bogus mines. The fact of there being nothing .... known of them in Brisbane proves nothing. There are lots of things not known in Brisbane. It is not known, for instance, that the Brisbane Ministry are at zero in public estimation here; that no Brisbane man has the ghost of a chance of being ever again returned for the Kennedy. Why did not the Premier get hold of that fact and wire ft home to London ? Why had he such a down on West Mount v organ ? It would, perhaps, be na'ural for one inter ested in the Mount Morgan mine to T-.s "liear" any adjoining mine. Is that thee t . ^ plana'ion of the Premier's allusion 10 it ? The Electron may be a good show not withstanding the damning fact that it is not known in Brisbane. Brisbane is not the whole colony, is. and there is a little knowledge, * little intelligence, outside it. Our ~V argument Is unshaken. The Charters Towers mines were the chief mines before (he public in England; the suggestion that gome mines were " wild cats" pointed unmistakeably to ces a litres the Charters Towers mires. The warning ** care shon Id be taken by ir vestorB" was calculated to damage all ^ the Northern mines, and that was exactly the effect produced. And we are not going fcoojar in asserting tl>at w%s the effect intended. The proof of intention is the frffecf. The shares of the North Queens -land mines were depreciated by that r"':' cablegram, therefore, it was intended to depreciate them. Jealousy of hia poli tical rival is also a probable and suffi cient motive, and a still more probable motive is a desire to damage the Separa tion cause. Had that cablegram been lead at the public meeting it would not ; have rltered its decision. The * crcakers' who assert that the despatch of the cablegram on Saturday by the Mayor will do as a lot of injury, nePd net be alarmed. Char ters Towers has sold no bogus mines, and the fvoclamation of that fact in the ' ? London Times will go far to counteract the lying insinuation of the Premier of Queensland. The action o£ the public meeting was perfectly justified by the cablegram of the Premier, and the committee, in spile of the remonstrance of Mr PLANT and others, faithfully car ried out tbe wishes of the public meeting. We congratulate the town on the ready response to the call for money. Over £40 was collected with ease in a few hours-almost double the sum required. Money will be wanted to pay for the use of the School of Arte and for the removal of the timber in tbe hall. Tbe Mayor will know what to do with the balance. Perhaps it would be as well to keep it in hand. The cablegram is, perhaps, only the first of a series of "wild cats" despatched by the Great Bear of Queensland, Sir S. W. Griffith. It may be necessary to send a few mote contradictions to the limes. 