Sohool-girl Complaints. In consequence of the inability of personal verifi cation, I am compelled to publish, the subjoined letter, exactly as it has reached my hands. It is the complaint of a girl educated , at the Brisbane Girls' Grammar School, and bears every evidence of being genuine. It runs as follows — Dear • Me. FiaAEo,—Having reawi your " after noon tea gossip," I am glad to see that some one thinks it worth while to try and ventilate the Grammar School Girls' grievances. While admitting the bread and dripping business to be true, I .confess it was much preferable to. rank butter, and bread upon which the afternoon «un f^as shed its gentle rays for hours. There were harder things to digest than these; which were not corn-, pulsory. My mother had often to wait a fortnight for a letter from me, because I had no stamps. Although liberally supplied with pocket money, I' was not allowed to buy a twopenny stamp without the consent of the Head Mistress, who, by the way, was rarely to be seen except for ten minutes at the mid-day meeting for dinner—at vi hich no blessing was asked, no good manners nor etiquette of any kind observed. The girl who was helped last, rarely ever had any dinner, and many left their pudding because the Head had finished ere they ivere served. The light at night during study hours was bad and injurious, but thanks to Dr. Little this was altered. They being compelled constantly to sit up in those rooms all windows shut, giving neither air nor view was simply unbearable to girls who had never been used to confinement during the cool of the evening, and created a feeling of dissatisfaction, and rebel lion, where there might have been peace and con tentment. Our parents do pay very liberally for our board, and until there is some very decided change in the domestic arrangements, the boarding establish ment will be, as it always has been, a complete failure. There is no sitting room, no library nor any other place of rest or recreation, for either pupils or governesses; bare rooms, bitterly cold in winter, where fireplaces are only ornaments, and extra ventilators. The petty, paltry check put upon us girls about our pocket money would make you, Mr. Editor, thank your stars* you are not an unfortunate Grammar School girl in Brisbane. I feel, sorry about the dripping expose, because those remaining won't get any in future, and one gets tired of bread and butter so easily upon hot days. I have told you the honest truth, and all my schoolfellows can testify to this. I remain, "An Old Girl. January 27th, 1886. " The smiling township of Laidleyi situated along the main line about midway between Ipswich and Toowoomba, has for years past been pre-eminent for the harmony of kindly feeling existing amongst its residents in general, as borne out by the number of its social re-nnions, so* numerously attended. On Thursday evening last the party of parties was held at the " great" Fred C's Exchange Hotel, in celebra tion of the Natal day of two of honest Fred's oft springe-Miss Lucy and Master Tommy Chambers. Fred, it is well known is fully charged with an abun dance of " go/' which, combined with his other good qualities, renders him the paragon of a ""worthy citizen. On the day named, over fifty persons claimed the hospitality of this genial host, and all afterwards concluded that life was after all, with its many cares, worth living. A spacious hall at the rear of the hotel formed the centre of attraction^ for those who favored the poetry of motion, ,and the evening being pleasantly opol, unbridled" sway was given to terpsichorean tastes. Competition for distinction, amongst the ladies was particularly brisk. In fact, for a country gathering, the display of millinery was something marvellous. The much envied position of belle was gracefully borne by the heroine of the evening—Miss Lucy Chambers—she looked particularly nice in a costume of light cambric trimmed with pink sateen, while two -other young ladies with muslin skirts, the .one a cardinal satin bodice and the other a light blue bodice came in for due attention. Miss Polly Chambers looked exquisite and formed an attractive charm for a host of swains. Our Hariett was as vivacious, as a cricket; and two sisters from Thornton, were lavished , with attention. The local milliners, were as usual to the fore, while a pretty little maid from Waterford (Logan) seemed a particular weakness of many a cavalieri A young lady from Pocket (Ipswich) won niany, admirers ainong the sterner sex, the obliging M.G. (Mr. Macklin) claimed the honor of beau, while he. was closely pushed by " the grocery man," and one of Laidley's cricketer-cum-athletes. The Captain from Thornton overlooked the lot with a guardian eye and was as lively as a youngster. Towards midnight an adjournment was made to the large dining hall, where a sumptuous repast was laid out, as F.C. alone knows how. Sergeant Atkinson pre sided, and after all were filled, various appropriate toasts were proposed ana drunk with enthusiasm, Mr, and Mrs. Chambers-being " the idols of ..the hour," Dancing was again resumed and vigorously .maintained till 5 on Friday morning, at which hour the company dispersed. There was a very enjoyable dance "St Sandgate on last Wednesday week.^ A young lady in cream with tobacco-brown and cardinal ribbons was the belle, and received particular attention from a Sandgate masher, whose initials represent the 6th, 24th, and 8th letters of the alphabet. The departure of the belle left hihi inconsolable, and he was only com forted by the thought that they should meet again on Sunday. . A propos of the Dalby chatter of my correspondent last week, there is a young feminine lady in Dalby wishes very much to £riow who it was looked so hard at the feet of the-Dalby girls to describe them as widespread. She denies it, and claims to have as neat a little .stand under as can be found anywhere else. But you know there is *no cause to let your self out of adjustment, and you can depend upon it, Pioaeo is not going to 29. If he were to R.R. there would be a loss of ci in this office, and, some of the red-banded staff at the Railway would 8 to 25 on his eyebrow. So, "sweet Dalby girl," Pig. always takes care to 1 (one), so that by a judicious 10 he avoids an unpleasant 48 with the Dalby ladies. I'm a married man, you know, so I mustn't. Now^wasn't it too bad of that Billy Gray to step off his engine and go and get married in the way he did. The ^uiet, sly old boy, he thought he was going to do" it so nicely, but there was the versatile Martin and hi^ chums to spoil his little game. Furness, too, thought he was going to have his little hunkidon, but there wasn^t the ghost of a chance for a tap on the old kerosene tin. Billy slipped out at the back to the church-, the parson put the break hard down, and in the twilight of a " gray" autumnal evening, Billy had the gal of his heart under staff regulations, and there wa% another pair running in double harness. The ladies were disgusted and said that's not the way Constable McCarthy (the Heyetalion policeman, youf know) ^ould do the Marion business. No, indeed! he •would lay his fortune and his helmet at her feet on the railway platform, and show the boys*how a local man would run on the main line and -keep his bear ings cool. It's himself would shpw them how to dq a mash, to dance a jig, or sing a song on a wedding day. . * j ■ On the 26th January, at Bundaberg, a Grand Scotch concert was given in the Yictoria Hall, which was simply packed with people, and, every thing went off most satisfactorily. Ther$ were several beautiful dresses worn, but too numerous to describe.., Mr. ^Walker opened the concert with some" magic lantern' views." J'he church choir then-sang," There was a lad was born' in Kyle," lyith taste and ' expression. The, gem of the evenings was, "Here's to the "year that's (*,wa." by Miss Roberts, who,,later bn, also sang wi^h* great feeling, *" Bonnie Dundee.*? Misfi' M. Roberts' " Auld R»obin< Gray," jwas warmly applauded, and-the same young lafly^atf equally* successful in " Caller. Herrin." Mr. Blakie was the only gentle man vocalist who sang, " Jessie, the Flower o' Dum blane." Thev sword dance (in Highland costume) was done in good style by Mr. Davidson. The choir then closed the concert with*, "Th*e Keel Row," being sung in such style, that it simply brought the house down. f * . - On the 28th January, the Agricultural Show wasr, held in Toowoomba, and was a great success., 4 The day was very pleasant, but, towards evenipg^ | heavy shower of rain came on, and so made it muddy. But, despite all, a large number attended'the. ground in the evening, among which I noticed three young ladies, particularly nicely dressed in black and pink ribbons, with their eldest sister, who looked charming in black and cream. A young lady from the end of Ruthven-street looked well in black and cardinal, and two sisters from Ruthven-street , looked nice in a light coloured dress, bat rather cold for such a damp evening. A young lady from Lindsey-street, in grey and cardinal, looked very nice. Little Morrison was there, of course. Why, who ever went to any socialties at which he and Jim were not present ? These were all the costumes I took any notice of. The exhibits were very good, and some of them looked very tempting. Amongst other things was a galvanic battery, which iseeined to cause a great deal of amusement and excitement. No less than three of the station-masters on the Maryborough railway have made up their minds that their neat little cottages are deficient of proper care, and they have chosen a sweet little cherub each to look after them. The first is the late station-master, Kanyan, who has fallen head and ears in love with, the worthy host's daughter of that place, and a grand wedding is expected shortly, the lady being a little buxom dame of sweet eighteen, enough to melt the heart of a wheelbarrow. Now I pass on to Gundiah, one of the principal stations on the line; had a short chat with the station-master there, who was express ing himself in strong terms against bachelorhood, and who is getting his neat little cottage repaired, and in readiness for one of the belles of the Gympie society, who has pulled down the colors. Passing a little further along, we come upon Tengarie,a snug neat little place a few miles from Maryborough, noted for the sugar industry, had a quiet little tott, who is in charge—a nice sort of a fellow, but, as he says, greatly in need of a companion to keep him in order ; but I hear he has been playing with anart called love, making, along Mary-street, a few miles from his nice cottage door, but was caught, by a nice little lady called, Annie, who has promised to love and obey, and keep our friend in amusement throughout his lonely days. I think such loving fidelity should be re warded. , A Toowoomba belli, who may be described as being a bit of a rogue-in-camp (Cupid's) has returned to RedmudWlle from Esk, much to the blissful de light, of a clerk in the A.J.S. Bank, but who is not yet member for the Burgh. Toowoomba Saturday nights set Ruth ven-stree t all aglow. The mashers of both sexes devote them selves to the gentle art of billing and cooing con amore. Conspicuous amongst the youngsters who are qualifying for matrimony are a taking young cotiple. As good, Pin sure, as any, Is little mashing I)anny; Who spoons with pretty Jenny. His bliss ismll his gain, An antidote to pain, « Although 'tis also Sain. And she illumes his track, His heart'is on the rack, She's fair, although she's Black. A sterling "bit of jam/' - She really, truly am, From Highfields and Qeham. If he were a vacationer, I'd like to be probationer, And court the5guest of stationer.,. That's about as muchi of the mystery I can let out of- this titbit of gossip. \ ; * Charters Towers society mourns the departure of a brilliant social meteor, in the person of a Brisbane gentleman who has returned€own South. ATowers be lie mourns" over him in this style, but doesn't leave sufficient brands for identification:—\ Alas l alasi 'tis ever so, The lovedone speeds away, ■ With tear-dimmed eyes, we see him go Far off to Moreton Ba^. The belles of Charters-Towers are rejoicing that the local branch of the Q. -N.Bankhas received an addition to its staff in the person of a gentleman who has recently arrived from New Zealand. . Match-makers* are looking, . With feelings that tingle; He's young and good-looking, ' - Arid, further, he's—single. • -A lady resident at Charters Towers tanfcalisingly tells me that " engagements " in that Northern totyn are " as numerous as brokers and auctioneers/'■'and. then forgets" to whisper the details of any of the gossip. •* ... ^ A social novelty has been% started in€hart§rs Towers in the shape of "surprise?patties;" which are becoming very popular there., 