HABITS OB1 1H2 CUCKOO. However well known may bo this summer visitant of TingUnd, thoro araetill few point! in itBbtrar.goHfo-hiitory that have been W.-11 worked out. Evon an ornithologist will hesitate to siy whetl or it ia tho male or feinslo bird which utters tho familiar cry, or will bo ablo to say when the young bird moults. In Mr. fTenry Beebohm's imporlunt and just publised ' History of British Birds ' we fiad that the strongest doubts are thrown on the statements that theyuung cuckooo, soon after it is liatchod, ejectB vhe young or epg« of its foster-parents from tho ncrtc. ' Ono feoli irclined,' we road, 'to class these narratives with the equally well authenticated etoriea of ghosts and apparitions,' and this, too, though these narratives ara from tha pens of such accurate observers as Montagu, Jonner, and others. It is therefore not without internet that wo find, from a series of oVeerrations mado with overy precaution as tn their accuracy by Mr. John Hancook (Nat. Sttt Trans., Northumberland, Durham, and NewcBstle-on-Tyne, vol. viii, 1886), that the observations of tho oldor writers were exact. The nest of a hedge accentor, built in a con venient spot for observation, . was found, on January 17, 1884, to contain four eggs of the accentor and one cu*koo's egg. On the 27th the cuckro'g egg and two eggs of tho accentor were hatched. On the 28th the 'murder' began with an attempt on the part of the ouckco to put out of the nest one of the un hatohed eggs. At 10.30 a m. on the same day tbo egg wh successfully thrown out. Getting more perfect with practice, about half an hour later one of the young accentors was ejected ; strange to say, its mother was present, and looked on quite calmly, but the desperate efforts of the young murderor seemed for the time to exhaust it, so that it w:s not until 1 p.m. that it re lumed to the work and pushed out the second egg, and then tried to put out tho remaining accentor. This at 3 80 wub done, and the cuckoo remained solo occupant. No wonder Mr. Hancook writes : 'The cuckoo's procoed' ing, as I saw it, is, in my opinion, the most wonderful and unaccountable piece of business that I ever witnessed in bird life ' Some of our readers may like to learn that one of the unfortunate young accentors was placed in a whitethroat's nest, whero thero wero four young ones about its own age, and that it was properly attended to by its foster-parents, whereaB the young cuokoo was, after a week's ehort existence, found dead, apparently of sun stroke, at the bottom of its nest. 