"l i I , H. . MMLA 1 I."' Intercolonial Telegrams ! '' * "" '", -''i I i ! [BY SUBMARINE CABLE.] at the [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] Victoria's V ~ MELBOURNE.iSumjav. « Two militia. 'men were fined 3 each and £2 2s. costs on Saturday for firing off their rifles in a railway carriage. ' < if Mummery,' who was convicted. of a fraudulent insolvency, has been sentenced to three years' hard labour on each of eight counts, the terms to be concurrent. ..'' "'" HMS. Nelson will be docked in the Alfred Graving Dock to-morrow morning. At the half-yearly meeting of the Land and Credit Bank of Australia yesterday, an 8 per cent dividend was declined. " ' ' At the Central, Criminal Court Harriet Harrison Scott, found guilty of I bigamy, was sentenced to nine months imprison- meat, i ' mu I r in I , " 'Saqui.'thowolI-knoWn'bookinakor reports, a curious robbery of Some £160 from his person in Little Bourke-street 'on" Friday morning. He had been into, the hotel," and the money was taken from him whilst going from the hotel to his buggy. '' -' '' *l " '" ' Some practical joker in Kew has been creating a real 'searcher 'weeks) past, by personating ' a ghost. Police and civilians have been after him, but have, failed, to get him yet. Many persons, mostly females, are afraid to go out of it one s after dark. At tennis, on Saturday, Blackwood beat Mitchell three sets to love. The first set was well contested in several long games Blackwood won 20 games toll, 129 strokes DO 10-4. . i i ;!.!-; Blackwood plays Butler on Monday, 'A NEW SOUTH WALES. ,., SYDNEY, Sunday. ,/ At an inquest on the body of the man Fitzhenry, a sailor, found in the Darling Harbour with a bag containing stones tied to his neck, an open verdict was returned, George Henry Little, charged on remand with the number of the missing publican, Raglan Davey, at Albury, has been discharged, the evidence being insufficient to connect him with the charge ' He has, however, been lc- urieEtcdon a wart and charged with larceny at Puriumattit. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. > . SHAW AND LILLYWHITE'S TEAM V. S. AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, Sunday. ShaWjShrewsburyjand Lilly white's team of English professional cricketers commenced their first match in Australia against a South Australian team on the AdcluidcOval yoB-' to-day. The Englishmen had the first innings, and when the stumps were drawn, for the day they had scored 25 runs for. five wickets. " i -r-. ! ..." [From Melbourne papers.),' ', j. QUEENSLAND.; , ,, lliusiiANi:, October 20. The first prize for a design for the Albert street Wesleyan Church has been awarded' to Wilson and Beswicke, Melbourne. A Townsville telegram reports the death, of a boy, aged 5 years, ft pin, alcoholic] poisoning. He was in town on, Saturday night with his mother, who governing halfway tumbler of > brandy neat. 'He walked home,) but died on Sunday. A 'post mortem showed that death had resulted from iileqlfolió' [Poisoning. 'It is stated" that the. boy possessed u'passion'for strong ethical and iii,-. Seated' on haying it. His ^íno^iiir'lis'^n'i intemperate woman, and his father is serving a term of impr isoninent for wife beating. Captain Jekyll, tim ,gov,urnpr of Brisbane gaol, who was suspended by the k}ueeiiBlaud_ Government in cousequence of his having, been fined at the police court for an assault upon Mr. Bell name for slandering Mr s7 Jekyll has been reinstated in his bf*ieo"w¡th a replied music. ' ",', [,,' ' 'X n , ) The Day Dawn block, Co.,, Charters Towers, changed(tíands finally thiBiiio^niiigi from the original shareholders to the English, company. A dividend' iii adyorti'se'd'by,tho, liquidators of £10 ,1s.'pel1 affair, which goes to the old company. I " j! nil all 