THE NORTHERN STAR. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1886. Local and General News. THE WEATHER.- After enjoying about a month's fine weather, since the three months' continuous previous rain, on Saturday last heavy clouds came up from the westward, and a smart shower fell, accompanied for a time by a strong wind. On Monday evening a heavy rain again fell, and as the air is warm and humid at the time of writing, there is every appearance that we will be well supplied with moisture by thunder storms during the summer season. In- cluding Saturday and Monday 60 points of rain fell. The rain was accompanied with lightning, but without thunder. On Tuesday the atmos- phere was very humid and oppressive, and at the time of our going to press there were indications of a smart thunderstorm. PARSONAGE.- We have been requested to state that the time of closing tenders tor the Church of England Parsonage, Lismore, has been extended to 11th September. OFFICIAI.- The following has courteously been handed to us by Mr. William Argue, of Wyrallah, for publication :- Department of Public Works, Sydney, 18th August, 1886. Sir,- Referring to two letters presented by you from residents of Wyrallah, respecting road from Casino via Wyrallah to Chilcotts wharf, I have to inform you that road vote has been divided, and papers sent to Mr. Williamson to carry out work required in this case.- I have, &c;, P. W. Flynn. To Messrs. Ewing and Hogan, Ms. P. RACE.- At the Lismore racecourse on Satur- day afternoon, a match was run between Mr. J. McLennan's chestnut filly Juliet, and Mr. R. Johnston's black horse Darkie, 9 stone up for half a mile, for £ 6 a-side. Mitchell rode Juliet and Newman Darkie. There were about one hundred spectators present, and although a few would take Darkie at any price from a shilling upwards, very little wagering was done, a few bets only were made at level money. The race was won by Darkie, and was one of the most decided cases of pulling that has ever taken place, the rider of Juliet pulled her in in the most barefaced manner, and at one time nearly threw her down. Mr. McLennan not being satisfied with the result, another fiver a-side was put up,, and McTagget took the place of Mitchell and mounted Juliet. This was a one-sided affair, as Darkie had not the ghost of a show, Juliet winning almost in a canter. An idea of how affairs stand may be gleaned from the fact that the first race was done in fifty-seven seconds, while the second race only took fifty-four. Mr. McLennan in- tends bringing the matter before the Jockey Club, and quite right too, for it is time occur- rences like the one referred to were put down. No person who was present on Saturday after- noon, could saw the race was a square one. GRAZING RIGHT.- The tender of Messrs. G. Clancy and J. Flick of £65 per year for three years was accepted for the grazing right of the Lismore Jockey Club paddock. INSOLVENTS.- C. Meyers, of Casino, coach proprietor ; liabilities £135 6s 6d, assets £2. M. Mann, of Teven Creek, near Ballina ; lia- bilities £154 5s 11d, assets £6. R. S. King, of Teven Greek, near Ballina ; liabilities, £273 18s 6d, assets £39 10s. RECEIVED.- We have received the first re- port of the Royal Commission appointed by the Government to make a diligent and full inquiry into the best method of conserving the rainfall, and of searching for and developing the under- ground reservoirs supposed to exist in the in- terior of this colony. Ninety-nine meetings were held and 137 witnesses examined. The coast district embraces an area of 50,000 square miles, and runs back from the sea a distance of from 30 to 150 miles. For a period of 14 years Port Macquarie has the highest average rainfall with 60 inches 50 points. The Richmond River average is not given but the Clarence Heads during 8 years gave an average rainfall of 45 inches annually. LISMORE BOROUGH COUNCIL.- A meeting of the Lismore Borough Council was held on Mon- day night, all the aldermen being present except Ald. Allingham and Larkin. The following motions of Ald. McLennan were carried,- That application be made to the Minister for Lands to have all reserves within the municipality vested in the council.- Asking for applications from persons willing to act as ganger or working overseer for the council.- That tenders be called for making doors to store at Government wharf. \- That tenders be called for stumping Victoria- street.- That tenders be called for repairing portion of Government road from J. Glasby's to Grass Tree ridge. Accounts amounting to £44 19s were passed for payment. There were no tenders. PIGEON MATCH.- In pursuance with an advertisement in the papers last week, a meet- ing was hold at the Royal Hotel for the purpose of arranging a Pigeon Match at an early date in Lismore. There were about a dozen persons present. Mr. Beaumont was voted to the chair. After a considerable amount, of dis- cussion as to the success of pigeon matches, it was deemed advisable to form a Gun Club, which would arrange matches and sweeps, &c;, as often as practicable. Mr. Beaumont moved, and Mr. W. McLennan seconded, "That a Gun Club be formed to be called the Lismore Gun Club, and the subscription be one guinea per annum."- Carried. Mr. J. Brown was ap- pointed sec. pro. tem.- The meeting then ad- journed to Wednesday, 31st instant at 8 o'clock, at the Royal Hotel, when it is expected there will be a large attendance. JOCKEY CLUB.- A meeting of the Lismore Jockey Club is called for to-night (Tuesday), to consider accounts, &c.; REFUSING MONEY.- An extraordinary appli- cation recently came before the Supreme Court at Christchurch, New Zealand. The liquidator of Montgomery and Co., Limited, a company, which is being voluntarily wound-up, had failed to induce two of the shareholders to accept the money they were entitled to, and applied for an order to lodge the amount in court so that he might complete the liquidation, The amount involved is about £1800 ; and his Honor, while granting the order, expressed surprise that in those dull times persons should find it in their hearts to refuse money awarded to them under such circumstances. POSTING EXTKAOUDINAKY.- Messrs. H. H. Warner and Co , proprietors of Warner's Safe Remedies, have just finished mailing from their Melbourne branch, over 200,000 Safe Cure pamphlets. The postage alone on this vast amount of printed matter, was more than £800. When to this is added the cost of the books and the expense of addressing and wrapping, it will be seen that H. H. Warner and Co. literally "practice what they preach," viz., that if you have a good thing and you know it, let all the world know it also ; and the only way to do this is by extensive, persistent, and intelligent advertising. THE WEATHER.- During the past week fine weather has prevailed throughout the district, broken only by a alight shower which fell on Thursday evening at Eton and the neighbour- hood The density in the cane has risen rapidly in consequence, and all the mills are hard at work, trying to make up for lost time, many of them will have to work night and day in order to get the crop off, and it seems almost certain that the output for this season will be equal to, even if it does not exceed, that of 1885.- 'Mackay Mercury.' FOOTRACE.- A footrace will take place in Cottee's Paddock at 4 p.m. on Saturday after- noon, for £20 a side, between Thomas Tickle, of Lismore, and Thomas Noud, of Grafton, distance 100 yards, Noud conceding to Tickle 5 yards start. 