SPORTING NOTES. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE MEETING. Friday. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) The chief metropolitan winter meeting, the Grand National at Flemington. was a greater success than usual this season, the attendance being exceptionally large, bat during the earlier part of the after- noon the enjoyment and a good view of the race were militated against by the fog, which obscured the running. His Excellency the Governor and party arrived sometime before the first race, and aas wel comed by the Australian Military Band playing the national anthem. The racing throughout was good, and as the details of the running show, excellent time was made. The general opinion expressed at the close of the day that this was one of the most successful Grand National meetings yet held, if not absolutely so The racing resulted as follows it aides Selling Race Mr W. Bailey’s b g Sir Launcelot, 4 yrs, 9st 71b (Carey) . . T Mr H Oxenham’s b g Mackay, aged, lost (Malone) 2 MrJ Clapps’ brhHobart, fiyears, 10st61b(M Leod) 3 The starters were Arganthone, Aristocrat, Pyrrhus, Hobart, Joey, Mackay, Sir Launcelor, and Eannuk Latest betting—7 to 4 agst Sir Laun celot, 4 to 1 Mackay, 6 to 1 Hobart, 8 to 10 to 1 others A good start was effected, Mackay and Eanmil leading over the first hurdle with Aristocrat next Joey then went to the front, but wis unable to remain there, and soon gave way to Eanmil, who coming very fast led past the stand with Pyrrhus, Joev, Sir Launcelot, and Hobart in order, the latter Jumping well Mackay fell back second last, with Aristocrat still further In the rear Approaching the bndge the order was much the same. Eanmil continued to lead round the back, when Pyrrhus was second, Sir Launcelot then ran into third place, and Hobart going, well, took the next position, Joey being fifth, with Mackay coming very fast next in order Eanmil was in the van at the abattoirs, leading by two lengths from Pyrrhus, and Hobart again coming with a rush, and supplanted the favorite for third position Hobart then made an effort, and went to the front, but failed to maintain the lead The favonte now made the running, and going well forward led round the turn, with Eanmil and Hobart m order, and Mackay next, but coming fast on the outside. Entering the straight, however, it was seen that the race was over, Mackay faihngto respond u> the w hip The distance post past, however, and another effort was made, but without avail, and the favonte won easily by nearly a length, in S mm 55£ sec Maiden Steeplfchvse. Mr G Busby's br r W ickhfie, aged, lOst 131 b (Cree) 1 Mr G H Whitehead’s br g Andy, Cyrs, list 91b (Allen) . 1 The starters were Andy, War Dance, Sir Robert, Wickhffe, Consternation, Trooper Latest betting— Even money W ickliffe, 4to 1 Sir Robert, from 6 to 1 others. Consternation, who was the first to appear in front led over the initial fence with Andy and W ickcliffe close up Wickcliffe then went forward and past the stand the order was Wickhffe, Conster nation, War Dance, Sir Robert. The field then began to thin out, War Dance, Sir Robert, Trooper and Consternation all falling round the back of the course, W ickliffe and Andy raced together to the turn, and the former having the the race well in hand, led into the straight. From this out Andy was kept under the whip, but without avail, and the favorite won easily by three lengths Time 5 min 14 sec Grand National Hurdle Race. Mr W Moffaf sb g Ocean, aged, 9st 31b (Ferguson) 1 JlrG OBnensbrm Ruby,aged, lOst 12Ib(0Bnen) 2 Mr S Miller’s b g Koolyte, aged, lOst 41b (\\\ atson) 3 The starters were—Duration, Sheet Anchor, Ruby, Tantahser, Koolyte, Distiller, Hilltop, Grattan, Ocean, Ditto, and Wild Dog Latest betting—7 to i Sheet Anchor, 3to 1 Ruby, 6to 1 Duration The field were got away to a good start, the order imuie diately afterwards being Sheet Anchor, Hilltop, Grattan, Ocean, Koolyte, Distiller, Duration, Ruby, Wild Dog, Ditto, but going round the side Grattan and Ditto went forward, and approaching the bndge Grattan had a lead of two lengths from Ditto Wild Dog then came up quickly, and led past the bndge, with Ocean running well in second place, Ditto, Sheet Anchor, and Grattan coming next W ild Dog continued to lead round the back, with Ocean next, but Ruby then went forward into third place, with Koolyte, Grattan, Hilltop, Duration, Ditto, and Tantahser in order Wild Dog and Ocean continued to make the running, and Grattan then went into third place, while Sheet Anchor, who had dropped back, again went fourth Koolyte coming fifth Fast the stand the second time. Wild Dog had a lead of two lengths from Ruby, Grattan, Ocean, Hilltop coming in the order named Going round by the river, Ruby fell back, and at the bndge Wild Dog was still run ningvvell in the lead, with Ocean second, but Sheet Anchor appeared to be in distress The order now was Wild Dog, Ocean, Grattan, Ruby, Koolyte, Sheet Anchor, Duration, Tantoliscr, Ditto, Hilltop Ocean was apparently waiting, and at the home turn went to the front, while Wild Dog dropped back beaten Sheet Anchor again came very fast, going alternately to the front with Ruby, but entenng the straight Sheet Anchor, Ocean, and Ruby were close together in this order, and m the run home Ocean won by over a length Time, 5 ram 354 sec Grind National Steeplechase. Mr M Loughhn’s b g Game, aged, list 101 b (Corrigan) 1 Mr£ Marian sb g Native, aged, lOst 81b (Fergu son) . 2 Hon W Pearson’s b m Lady Ashton, 12st olb (M’Culloch) 3 The starters were—Lady Ashton, Studley, Game, Bob Cooper, Native, Reticent, Roulette,'Kanaka, Spangle, Brown Eagle, Charcoal, Nuisance Latest betting—3 to 1 Game, 5 to 1 Reticent, 6to 1 Ladv Ashton and Studley, 10 to 1 Bob Cooper Nativ evv as the first to get away, followed by Bob Cooper, Brown Eagle, and Lady Ashton At the first jump Native was the first over, with Charcoal next, Game, Keti cent, and Roulette coming in order close up Much the same order was maintained post the stand and round the mer, Lady Ashton and Native jump mg well At the hack Native stilt led from Charcoal, the order for the rest being Ron lette, Game, Brown Eagle, Bob Cooper, Nuisance, Studley and Spongier Lady Ashton then came for ward into third place and past the abbattoirs the order did not show further alteration Approaching the turn Native had still a slight lead from Chat coal, Game and Lady Ashton being together a few leng hs away with Roulette next. Along the straight Char coal fell and passing the mer Bob Cooper also came to grief At the bridge, Ladv Ashton ran into second place and with Native led right round to the home turn, Game, a length in front of Reticent hav mg third place and apparently waiting At the sheds Gam* came came forward and led into the straight again giv mg place to Lady Ashton but a race betw cen Game, Native and Lady Ashton resulted in the order named. Won easily in Cmm 48 sec Selling Hurdle Race Mr W r Little’s br g Problem, 5 y rs, lOst 91b (King) 1 Mr T Coffey’s ch g Joey, 4 yrs, 9st 101 b (A Smith) 2 MrS Nathan’s ch g Fusilier, aged, list (Floyd) 3 The starters were Wild Dog, Pusher, Problem, Louis, Joey Latest betting—Even money Joey, sto X W ild Dog Wild Dog was the first to show in front, with the favonte next, and Joey third Wild Dog was then joined by Joey, and the tw o led to the back, when Louis rushed to the front. At the Abattoi s, however, Louis while still leading ran off, and order was then Joey, Wild Dog, Fusilier, Problem Entering the straight Problem, who was improving his posi sition, came with a rush and assumed the lead, Jotv made an effort, hut was unable to do anything, and then the favonte was put under the whip, but to no puipose. Wild Dog finished fourth Time, 3 min sec Flkt Race. Mr C Wilson’s b m Gardenia, 6 yrs, 7st 111 b (O Bnen) 1 Mr H Jenmng’s br h Duke of Athol, Cyrs, 7st 21b (T Brown) , 2 Mr W E. Dakin’s ch h Qumtm Matscp, 6 yrs, Sst 21 b (Power) 3 The starters were—Plausible, Meteor, The Ghost, Middleraarch, Qumtm Matscp, Medea, Bohemian, Gardenia, Kitawa Straight Shot Sunnv Dav» Lesbia, Stafford, Kohai, Oakleigh, Duke of Athol, The Kings Son, First Consul, and Menotti Latent betting—o to 1 agat Bohemian, 6 to 1 agst Xhe Ghost, 7 to 1 a a st Lesbia, Stafford, Qumtm Matsep. Oakleigh, Duke of Athol, 10 to 20tol agst others. Duke of Athol was the first to show in fiout, with Straight Shot and The Ghost next, the latter coming through the field very fast. Duke of Athol led into the straight, and Qum tin Matsep ran up on the outside, but Gardenia came with a rush, and from bemga dozen lengths behind at the distance won by half a head Time, 1 nun 424 sec. 