Albury. October. 25. A good many of the local Volunteer corps h&ve; been pretty regular in their rifle practice at the butts, and some of them bid fair to develop into very respectable marksmen. A team, of eight have entered for the ensuing matches in Sydney, and leave here for the metropolis on the 31st instant. There would appear to be some fatality connected with every attempt at establishing a musical association in Albury. 'We have' had au ' orchestral society,' two or three ' philharmonic societies,' and half a dozen kindred organisations for the promotion of a popular taste for vocal and instrumental music. They have each and all started under favourable auspices, there being plenty of musical talent in the town, and the public generally wording very liberal patronage at the concerts periodically got up in aid of the funds. Yet, somehow oi- other, they have all been short-lived. The last institution of the kind, the ' Albury Dramatic Glee Club,' after a tolerably prosperous career, extending over a year or two, has now given up the ghost, the conductor being unable to get a fair muster of members at the regular~practice meetings. A felicitousidea was veiy successfully carried out afewdaya ago at Culcairn. Some money was wanted for church pur poses by the local Presbyterians, and'it was decided to hold a concert whilst shearing was in progress at the neighbour ing station. The district clergyman, the station owner, (the Hon. J. Balfour), and a number of ladies and gentle men, assisted, and several of the shearers themselves also took part in the affair, displaying very creditable musical talent too. During an interval refreshments and fruit were kindly supplied bv Mr. Balfour, and a very pleasant even ing was spent. The church also benefited _ by the enter tainment, though the charge for admission was only nominal. . . - The Borough Council is at length to have a budding of its own wherein to conduct its business. Not, however, the gorgeous edifice with Corinthian columns, pilasters, and other costly embellishments shown on the plan of the Town-hall, tenders for which were accepted some years ago. That magnificent structure has never been com menced, and it is not likely to be for the next 20 years, and a much less pretentious building will m the meantime have to serve. The council has let a contract for reno vating the old telegraph office, which was granted to tho town in lieu, of ihe poition of the Market Reserve ceded tc'the Government as a rite for the new telegraph offiqe. JlencefQrward the municipal business 'will no longer be conducted in hired premises. An accident that befel a voting girl the other day, at Bangowannah, resulted in an injury of a very peculiar diaracter. She was riding on horseback, when her hat fell off, and this frightened the horse, which presently bolted. In order to protect herself from coming in contact with a tree, the rider extended her hands, one of which struck the tree with such violence as to cause the fingers to jtfenetrate the fleshy part of the hand, causing a veiy pain ful wound. . , , The agitation commenced some time ago by a section oi the Municipal Council for the establishment of municipal cattle sale yards, has advanced toother stage. A piece of on the Sydney road, near the Alexandra Park, was selected as a suitable site; and during the recent visit or Ihe Mayor to Sydney he waited on the Minister of Lands and brought the matter under his notice. The site, having been reported on as suitable by the. district surveyor, the Minister has consented to grant the area applied for for ^T^el^ere mlhetoality affected— that is to say, in the whole of the district between.Culcaim and Corowa, are Indignant at the rejection by the Upper House of their railway ; ofcd it must be admitted that they have rather serious cause for disappointment. In certain seasons when wheat ft-»« to a low price, or a few pence per bushel, makes all the difference between a decent living profit and a bare existence; and in the case of many farmers that difference would be represented by the Baving in freight which they wouid make if their produce were conveyed by railway instead of by team. In full belief that the railway would be mode, a good many fanners havo gone to heavy expense in preparing new land for tillage. Thousands of acres irave been grubbed and cleared, which would not have been brought under cultivation in the absence of some Fpecial fiicentivo, and the owners, not -unnaturally, are wroth at ihe action which, to say the least, must have the effect , if shelving the line f«r some time to come. It had been hoped that this branch would be open for traffic before the end of 1887. A monster meeting on tho subject will bo (eld at on early date. 