iFOiynw iQPice. Br m "Sfobmmam" Siaw. It would seem to be good hueinossto back Gorryforthe last race of the day, judging by hu successes during the last month. At Willi amitown he piloted Honeybee to 1- — AL. trew/liftfiH. fiLTin Oil Victory iU Ul« JUimUH UMWS«-P; 7 the following Saturday he had trie mount on Richworth in tlse Wombee Pe«f Handicap. At Geelong, in the last flat race of tike day, the Selling Stakes, he won on Stonebroke, auid on Saturday last he again got home on Honeybee in the Jloonee Valley Essendon Handicap. Bomb of the Sandhurst people appear to hold the occupation of a boolrmsrer in horror, judging by a report of a council meeting, which appears in the local press. Jt appears that the Sandhurst Leviathan, Mr. Alfred Joseph, who is entitled te the position of mayor by seniority, was Offered the dignities of office for the ensuing year provided that he promised to give up. bookmaking. This demand he refused to accede to, and somebody else has been elected. In a sub-leader, , a local paper very properly points out: that, if tbe ratepayers consider a book maker good enough to be a councillor, and .elect him as such, his brother councillors have certainly no right to enforce any conditions ere he mounts the mayoral chair. Bookmakers have attained the highest civic honours in several towns in England, and in Nottingham a metallic mayor has sat more than once. It may also be nevqf to the Bendigoites to learn that John Gully, the British bookmaker, was member of Parliament for Pontefract for many years, being elected, by the way, soon after he won his £60,000 on Bt. Giles for the Derby, and £45,000 on Wingrove for the Leger. Thb ensuing week is a fairly lively one in racing circles. To-day the Stawell AmateorTurf Club hold their annual meet ing, and on Saturday the Caulfleld Grand National Meeting takes place. On Wed nesday, the 25th mat the Wimmera Turf Olub hold their races. Across the border the Northern Jockey Club commences a two days' meeting at Maitland to-day, which they will finish on Friday ; and the Lismore Races take place on Thurs day and Friday. On Wednesday, the 25th inst., the Wagga Wagga Amateur Turf Club hold their first meeting. The Queensland Turf Club hold a meeting on Baturday. The annual report and balance-sheet of the Tasmania Tnrf Club iB to hand. The balance-sheet shows a credit of £469 12s. 2d. Of this amount £424 10s. 2d. was carried over from last year. The loss on the Winter Meeting held under the auspices of the club appears as £78 7s. 4d. The other meetings all turned out profitable. The amount received in entries and acceptances daring the year was £421, while £985 was paid away in stakes. The club reaps a profit of £72 I6s. by the totalisator. A vote of thanks has been passed to ihe hon. handicapper, Mr. P. G. Monaghan, whose efforts during the past season had been very succesfol in bringing large fields to the post. The suspension of the trotting horse Varmint has been removed by the 8ydney Driving Park Club, and he has been nominated for the Distance Handi cap Trot in connection with the Agricul tural Society's Show in Sydney. Mb. John Mato's Ravens worth, by Grandmaster, broke down a few mornings ago while working at West Maitland. The New Sonth Wales steeplechaser Kangaroo was raffled last week, and won by Mr. S. Higgins, of Bourke. The Murrumbidgee Turf Club authori ties should feel satisfied at the entries they have received for the principal events in connection with their Spring Meeting. Both as regards numbers and qualify the entries are good. For the Gold Cap there are 41 nominated, and amongst the number are such horses as William Tell, Moonshee, Hexham, Minerva, Boolka, Silver King, Fraud, Folly, Cerise and Bine, Sardius, and Ben Bolt. The principal horses in the Cup are also in the Grand Stand Handicap and Town Plate, the latter event having a total entry of 60. The Bracelet, Steeple chase, and Hurdle Race have all filled well. The Queensland stud horse, Darebin, was shipped on board tbe Maroroa on Thursday, and is now on his way to his new home in America. The Ballarat Hunt Club have fixed their next meeting for Friday, October, and a very attractive programme has been issned. There is a Hurdle Raee, of 100 so vs., The Bracelet Stake, Steeple chase, of 100 bovs. (presented by Mr. M. O'Longhlin), Selling Race, of 100 sovs., and Fanners' Plate, of 25 sovs. The first forfeit in connection with the Great Metropolitan Stakes falls due on Tuesday next. A fatal accident occurred to a lad named Henry Morrow, employed by Mr. D. Fountain, a day or two ago. The boy was riding a horse from Elsternwick, when the animal bolted, and yonng Mor row was thrown off, and received injuries that subsequently proved fatal. The following explanation of the start for tins Winter Handicap at Geelong Is given In the Advirtieer i — " With regard to the interference with the starting of the race for the Winter Handicap on the Geelong racecourse, we have been re quested to state that it was not the fault of the clerk of the -course (Mr. D. O'Toole). When it was Dotioed that Mr. Watson, the starter, could not get all the horses to toe a line on the course, the clerk was requested by Mr. Robinson, the secretary, to ride over to several of the jookeys near the fence, and caution them to keep their horses behind the starting post Three times he refused to do bo, and then only interfered when ordered to do so by the starter, who foolishly dropped the flog for . a start when Mr. O'Toole was rignt in front of the line of hones. The result was, as stated in Monday's AdvertUer, that j several of the racehorses lost good positions in the handicap. The explana tion does not in aay way exonerate the starter from the charee of having bnngled the start for the handicap, and jeopardised the Jives of Ihe jockeys and clerk of the conrse." Br the Queensland Tnrf Calendar we notice that the following persons were disqualified on Ihe 6th Jnly for corrupt practices in commotion with the Peak Downs Turf Club meeting:— W- Watson, jockey, three months ; M. Parker and W. O'Brien, jockeys, two years each; E. Devaney, jwAev, pulling Orphan Boy, two years. The following horses have been disqualified for two years in con nection with the same meeting:— B g Reprieve, ch m Jennie, bl g Stockman. Hokbtbsi and Hogmanify each incur 61b. penal tiesforwinningat Moonee Valley For the Balaclava Stakes at Caulfleld on Saturday, Honeybee will now have to cany 6 it. 131b. and Hogmanay 6st. 121b. The programme for the Yairawonga meeting on the 3rd September appears in our advertising .colamns. Ihe events comprise — Hurdle Race, Railway Stakes, Yarrawonga Handicap of 50 sovs. (two miles), Selling Welter Hurdle Race, Flying Handicap, and Consolation Stakes. The races will he held on the new coarse, after show day. Entries for all the events, with the exception of the Conso lation Stakes and Selling Hnrdle Race, close with the secretary at the Victoria Hotel, Yarrawonga, on the 26th August. The night of general entry is onrthe 2nd September. In the Essendon Handicap at Moonee Valley on Saturday a mare named My Dream had one of her hind legs broken. As to how the injury was sustained her rider was oblivions. At a meeting of the National Agri cultural Society, held last week, a letter was received from Mr. Sadlier, the superintendent of police, in which that gentleman pointed out to the committee that at the last show the public were exposed to considerable risk during the competition amongst the hunters, and if the arrangements at the next show, which opens on this day week, were to be similar to those of last year, he would not feel inclined to accept the responsibility of keeping the course clear by the aid of his men alone. The secretary has informed Mr. Sadlier that a grand-stand which will seat 2000 has been completed, and, likewise, that the public will not be admitted inside the coarse during the competition, which shonld allay that gentleman's fears for the safety of his charges — the public. At the Northumberland Plate meet ing, held at Newcastle last month, a jockey named Fagan won no fewer than six races — two on the first day, and four on the second. At the Seven Oaks meeting the brothers Barrett carried off five races out of six, George riding three winners and Fred two. On the first day of the Windsor meeting last month, Wood won four races, beating Archer three times. The conditions of the Hunt Club Cup and Flat Bace in connection with the Melbourne Hnnt Club's Spring Meeting on the 2nd October appear in our adver tising columns. The Cup is a Steeple chase of 100 sovs., over three miles, the lowest weight not to be less than lOst. 71b. Only those horses that have been fairly hunted no fewer than three times by their owners, and no fewer than five times in all during the seaBon, are eligible. The horses have to he ridden by amateur riders. The Flat race !b for 200 sovs., over a mile. Entries for the two events will be received np till the 13th Sep tember. From a private letter received from Mr. Harry Haines, who is at present in England, I clip the following : — " T expect to be out again by Oaulfield Cup. They bare warned me up a bit here up to now. I have seen all the principal races, horses, and riders, and I certainly think there are good horses and men, but at the same time s lot of bad ones. I myself do not ' like English racing. I am going this next week to be with Aroher for a day or so at Newmarket to have a good look over bis place, also J. Hammond's horses at Waughe —St.' Gatien ahh others." These will be rejoicing in aquatic circles in ths colonieB in connection with the victory of the New South Wales sculler, Neil Hatterson, over the English champion, George Perkins. The race was rowed on the Thames on Monday, and betting at the start was 2 to 1 against Matterson. The Sydney man won all the way. This is the second contest between the two scullers named, Perkins winning on the previous occasion. Mobe improvements are being carried ont on the Randwick racecourse. Extra accommodation is to be afforded for 30 horses in the saddling paddock, and the animals when the improvements are com pleted may be saddled away from the crowded portion of the enclosure. Both the grand-stand, balcony, and verandah are to be lengthened, and the present ugly stairs are to ue xepiacea. xne saddling paddock bar is also being lengthened by 30 feet. In the St Leger reserve the stand iB being repaired, and an asphalt walk has been laid down at the top of the lawn, and other alterations are also being effected. Hogmanay, who is by Bonnie Carlisle, and won the Corinthian Handicap at Moonee Valley on Saturday so easily with lOst 121b., would appear to have an excellent show of appropriating the Balaclava Stakes at Canlfield on Saturday next, in which event Mr. S. Martin's recent purchase is handicapped at 6st. 71b. At the Hay races, held last month, I. find that the horse mentioned finished third to the dead heatere, Comns, and Abuse, in the Jockey Club handicap with 7st., the two miles being covered in 3min. 37£sec. On the second day Hogmanay ran a dead heat with Comas in the Hay Winter Handicap, hat in the run off he was beaten. As the mile and a half was carved ont in 2min. 44$sec., this son of Bonnie Carlisle can Btay apparently as well as go fast. The horse is now trained by Mr Joe Morrison at Flemington. On Saturday last the Liverpool Races were held, and some of the finishes were pretty close. There was a large field for foe opening event, foe Shorts Handicap, and viotore rested with Paladin who defeated Burrilda, B.Y., and thirteen ofoers. Rebus was' favourite for foe Selling Race and the daughter of Glorious got home in .advance of Sundial and Pirate. Mr. A P. Smart was no more successful in foe Winter Handicap than he was in the Shorts, for Brown and Rose could get no nearer than third to Binalong and Lifeboat, there being a large field behind them. Rylstone was the pot for foe Town Hate, and he inst landed it by half a head from Sundial, who like Pocahontas finished seoond for the second time during foe afternoon. Mr. H. Oxenham's recently-purchased Roobie defeated a munerons field in the Ladies' Parse, TOda and Industry filling foe other plows. At foe Townsville Turf Club meeting, held last week, I notice that Oskwooa, who is by Redwood, from Medora, won a couple of races on foe opening day. Ihe sure of Oakwood, along with the well-known aire Robinson Crusoe, were ! foe only equine survivors of that memor able passage of foe steamship City of Melbourne, from Sydney to Melbourne, when so many valuable racehorses suc cumbed to the severe weather. Amongst those horses lost, it will be remembered, were Robin Hood, foe V.R.C. Derby winner, N emesis, who had just previously won the Metropolitan Stakes, and several ' others. , These ran in the August Handicap at Moonee Valley on 'Saturday a colt, by name Rouge et Noir, who u by Golds- brongh from foe J"1 of foot game little I horse Regulator, who won so many races in India after he left these shores. The latter is now dead, however. Tme name of Mr. P. Martin's Napper was omitted from foe entries for foe Hurdle Raee to be run at Elsternwick Park on the 28th inst. Me. Cox means to make his October meeting at Moonee Valley a most attractive one. The Moonee Valley Cnp, to be run at the meeting, is for a stake of 300 sovs, with a trophy, valued at 50 sovs., added. A race for two- year-olds, the St- Albans' Handicap, is also included, the distance being half a mile, and the stake 100 sovs. The other races are also for fair stakes and there should be a big entry all round. Nominations may be made up to foe 6fo September, at the A J.C. office or at tbe local office. Mb. W. S. Cox was indeed fortunate on Saturday in having the threatening rain defer its visit to mother earth until the conclusion of the final event on the card, for had it eome down prior to the opening race, the attendance would have been bat meagre. As it was there was a large number of visitors present to appreciate a very good afternoon's sport. The First Metropolitan Stake, as its title implies, was foe means of opening foe bBllat Moonee Valley for the ensuing seasom in the metropolis, and it also served to introduce a son of His Lordship, named Firebrace, who bore ihe appear ance of having wintered welL With the exception of Alexandria, wbo was made first favourite, and Prattler, none of the others had faced a starter, but Mr. Wat son did not keep them long at the post ere the lot were sent away. Prattler and Firebrace gained the advantage when the flag fell, and they quickly drew away from their field, Alexandria and Dorothy getting badly away. Along the northern side and coming to the home turn Fire brace, on the inside, and Prattler were together, but rounding the turn the latter ran very wide, and Patience, who is an own sister to Santa Claus, shot np, bnt failed to catch His Lordship's son, who won very easily. Prattler being straightened after rounding the turn, lost more ground through jumping at the white mark across the course from whence the horses for the Essendon Handicap subsequently started, and completely spoilt what promised to be a close finish. The time was very good — 38sec. In the August Handicap, at Moonee Valley, the punters bad a turn up through the favourite, Edith, winning easily from Seaweed and the hurdle- racer, Revenge. Buckley was well supported, but he failed to seenre a place, and Achmet, upon whom Gorry had the mount, likewise found favour amongst a few, but Mr. Whittingham's grey could get no nearer than fourth. Edith, who was turned out in rare form by Macnamara, fairly cantered in. Pocahontas, with Mr. Cox, jun., in the saddle, was voted the correct thing on Saturday for the Corinthian Handicap at Moonee Valley, and the Tasmanian mare went out favourite, whilst the ancient Bathurst had a host of friends who eagerly accepted fours about the son of Maribyrnong. Mustang was next in demand, ana a few knowing ones put down their pieces on Mr. C. Frigate's mount, Hogmanay, a son of Bonnie Carlisle. Shortly alter they were sent off Walhalla made play, hut he was deposed by the favourite, who in torn was passed by the Scotchman, and the latter ronnded into the straight with a good lead. Despite a determined rush on the part of the favourite, Mr. Aenew had to put up with second place, Bathurst being third. Cestos, who was late in going from ,the paddock, did not reach foe post in time, and consequently did not start. It is not very often that, in a field of seven, backers can obtain fonrs to one on the field, but such wa9 foe case at Moonee Valley on Saturday when the Steeplechase came on for decision, but, eventually, Misfortune settled into about first favouritism, Signal, Tandstickor, Fickle, and Acrobat each having a strong following. On the word to go being given, Signal took foe initiative and led his field over foe logs and across the " great water hulls." where, on landing, he serwved and cannoned slightly with Sir Samuel (who made his re-appearance after a much-needed rest), but not sufficiently to cause an accident. Misfortune came to the favourite at the same obstacle, and foe son of Oliver Twist refused the water. Signal went to the front in the meantime, and held a command ing lead as he raced np to the logs again, previous to reaching which Acrobat came to grisf and gave his rider rather a nasty fall. Mr. Miller's recent purchase baulked persistently at foe water- jump and Vowles kept him company, while Fickle, Tandstickor, and Sir Samuel kept close together until the fence that had proved fatal to Acrobat was negotiated. When foe latter was done with, and over foe loga, Fickle drew out and beat bia former victor somewhat easily by a length. Sir Samuel was a moderate third, nothing elflg finishing. Szvrn was the main again for the Selling Bace, and. Mabel Gray was an even-money favourite, with Ariel next in demand. Xdalia, upon whom Gony had the mount! was occasionally supported at outside prices, nothing else being backed. The latter was first away, but she was passed by Ariel ere they had gone far, pin favourite being handy. Coming into the torn Grhy disputed the lead with Ariel, and after the semblance of a race, young Bence landed the favourite a clever winners Xdalia was a good third. On being submitted to auction, the winner was bought in at £110, the whole of which went to the funds. , FaBSTON, on his Wyndhsm running (where he finished seoond to Wairarapa after hyimr knocked all ever the course through The Ghost colliding with him), was held to possess superior claims over the other fourteen starters in the con cluding event at Moonee Valley on Saturday, vie., the Essendon Handicap. Honeybee was second favourite, with Stonebroke pressing her very closely for foe position. With foe exception of Poouontas, none of the ofoers were sup ported for money. ' The favourite, on foe inside, got away as werias anything, but he was steadied, and Honeybee, with Liberty, went on in command, Protector and Hector bringing np foe rear. Raring along tire southern side and along the back stretch Pocahontas was in foe van, Preston laying about seventh. Coming down to foe home torn Pocahontas was still in front with Preston, who had been .v.u to foe outside, making up his leeway very rapidly. Fa wauSifoe turn tine favourite was in dimcuheB, and Honeybee, who had apparently been shepherding then Riot out, and the Tasxnanian-bred mare in the dip, romped home a comfortable winner from Pocahontas, who again secured the barren honours of second, making the third time that shehas borne Mr. Agnew's colours into that position within eight days. Liberty was a fair third the favourite being fourth, and old Hougal- ston fifth — a place he filled an the Corin thian Handicap. Tub three-furlong race for the young sters was traversed a bit quicker at Geelong than at Moonee Valley on Satur day, the time at foe latter place being j 38|secs as compared to foe 37fsecs re corded at Geelong. The torn into the straight at Geelong, however, is a trifle more negotiable than at Moonee Yalley. In the corresponding race last year Inuendo is credited with having covered foe distance in 37|secs. As Mabel Gray's selling price at Moonee Valley on Saturday was nil, the whole of the 110 sovs that the mare realised went to foe racing fund. She was honght in at the price mentioned, Mr. Weeks going np to 105 sovs before he cried best. The speedy daughter of Aladdin cannot apparently go wrong in a selling race of late. Sydney Tattersall's Club has received excellent entries for their meeting, to be held at Randwick, on the 28fo inst. The club offer good prizes, and attract a correspondingly good entry. The Spring Handicap has no fewer than CO nomina tions, a number of foe cracks being in cluded. The Tramway Handicap (three- quarters of a mile) has secured 45, and in foe Hurdle Race there are 23. Mr. Oxenham has nominated his recent pur chase, Harelcek, for this event, and among foe others ore TheAgent, Veronique, Happy Thought, and Caloola. Ourfriends across theway make a specialty of sell- ing races, and the stake of 150 sovs. offered attracts 33 horses. There is an excellent array of youngsters for the two- year-old race. Yetman, foe first winner of the season, and Coralie, who was second to the son of Julian Avenel, are included in the 27 nominated. 