1aO C A 1 > A N D T h e Council E tiuevnou. - I q the Assembly on Friday nieht, when the Estim ates for thp Connc l of Education citne iip for consideration, Mr. James G ray stated Vhal M money a t present spent on higher education was produc* live of no ultimate good to the colony it should be expended on the more humble but UFoful aDd technical education, and for elementary and second-class education to the masse* of the population. The Council pf Education was a plosp borough, they elected members from among themselves, and the Presbyterians, Wesleyan, and other powerful religious denominations had not bad & votretn th at council since it was first called_)uto existence. He had seen in the old Ptesbyterian days that this would not have been tolerated, and h© hoped. tL^t an agitation would be raised td see if this puerile work was to he continued, or tbai the money should be devoted to promotion of such schools, which would train up the youth of the colony to he useful end practical members of the community. The House, notwithstanding M r Gray b eloquence, passed the annual estim ate for carrying on the ’lastnaman floholarships and the other work of tbe department. T h e I nspectob of M aciiinebv.—u n the consideration of the Estim ates by the Assembly on Friday evening, M r Burget* remarked that the fees d e n te d frotp the Inspection of Machinery departm ent was £ 287. conrid tably more th a n onehalf of the whole cost of the maintpnapee pjf the e-t^bli^hmeut. t^onperly, ssa-coing sioamshipB had to receive their ccr iflcatcs in the other colonies, and by the certificates now being granted in Tasmania, come £0000 or £8000 was spent by one firm alone in the colony, which had hitherto been disbursed in Victoria or New South Wales. T h s money was now circulated amoDg thpir o^n people for wages, instead of being os hitherto scattered gwfty in Jhe oilier colonies, The resu lt w as ton, sidered exceedingly satisfactory by the committee, and M r Belbin rose to make a suggestion which even w ent still further, namely, th at a board should be appointed for tbe examination of marine engineer*, so that local m en could obtain their certificates at home, w»th*ut having to go to tbc erpense of going to other colonies to pass th e ir examinations. M r Barrett said they were sadly ib want of the in6p3cting engineer in the North, and the working of the departm ent should be extended pH overthe colquy. In regard to board of cjramiijers inm ariqe engineer­ ing, the certificates should l)e xj*de cognisable not oply ip tl*e pofonjes, but in England and throughout til© world. The Treasurer dosed tbo discussion by stating that as some jealousies and dispates betwen certain bodies in the North had been cleared away the services of tlio inspector of raaebiaery would, in the course of a few days, be equally at the disposal of Hobart and the north of the island. W ith this assurance the item wa* agreed to unanimously. l ’BOlUTES AND L kTTEHS OF ADMINIS­ TRATION.—The following probotes have lecn grantedt—David J . G iifiith to W illiam H . D. Afeher, £ 5 0 ; William Cane to <>^borne Goevcs, £6O | and Rohprt Lyall te tflipy. Phillips, C iii L pttir’s of administration havc^ been grsuted to tb® following esta te s; —laoorge W . Procter jun , to George W . Procter, £167 j and Elisabeth 8t*bie Pegus to W illiam Merten and Francis Charles Hobkirk, £720. T iib T heatre.—The Theatre on Saturday night was completely ’filled in the poi ular parts, aud there was a good reprcseqtatiTC sprinkling ip tup dress ^Vdra“rtod pt c ? m ® h p ia.’ae Jutjienpc must Ee takpn as $ comnliiptat , flpppepiatipn in wkfch My r-? Hugo'a w. Minstrel m l---------- Company i* u-u held, Althoueh there were some alterations the programme, the entertainm ent i semhled that which has teen given p-evious evenings, and to d escru e each item ia detail would be to express tho tfrme unqualified approval of the company's efforts as we did on their lirel apd subsequent appw tnpep. A pryiounded feature on Saturday evening was an Irish aong and dance sketch, supposed to represent some typiial laborers doing the /ir.__atr/ilr* CorporatioB*, rtrokf, ‘ Tlifi nMRnnitmg Tlie perBon.toiB f ihef'o g ra lrj, MeWre Delom-y, Craydon’,' H on.u d .M d W . Ijueo, up and acted irith sufficient reaUah). and yet at the same time introduced, eo much of tha fapetioup pld^nt as to make tlie sketclipiticmely apjuaiog. Mjss Verne’s ileasantrieg and song?, tqe Hu “ Jrdtocr*’ SW>K* dances, and A Gardner'* ecccptricities equal „ well received, and thp pprformancp was brought ton close with "The Crushed Tragedian," an amusing dramatic outrage, in which Messrs W., J., and C. Hugo and Miss Verne took part. The same compnoy will appear to-night. T h e Theaspbe* 4Hi> tiie L ate D r. Cbowtqrr.—A poncspppdent under the aighalure of '* Critic *’ wrilea as'tollowa: —“ The Treasurer, when the vote for ayment of ’ Offiolal Visitora’ was under Sifecuasiju in the Assembly on Friday last, made tbe statement tli^t ho had a statement in writing from llie late Dr. Crowtber settitig forth that he (Dr. Crowtber) did not care aboutthe removal of the Asylum, so long as a Board of Official Vi iters ?*« appointed In the place of the then opining board, and lio was quite poor jnced there would b: bo necesrity of incurring the expense of removing the asylum. Until the public see this statement under the signature yf Dr. Crowtber they will take M r Burges affirmation ram grano tali*. * he pnt»Ji still rtnem or thg steeoou* efforts he aiode to htvo the site changed, and & new asylum eroctod. In his estimation it wouhl not hive been the costly affair that interested parties set forth. He was a prominent nMnitnArifc "speaker 'atMalrar a t '‘ the •enthusiastic s tb u ilirtu ’ meeting held in the T ovn P*1!? lost year, ope of the chief r e ­ solutions of which was to urge th e Government to p'tVe tffeot to the recommondalion of the experts to change the site. H e was also on© of tbo deputation who waited on the Prem ier next day, and it is *till on record how vigorously he plfd for this as well as other reforms. H is views on this point are so well known that it was a bold tiling to cite him as a witness who wub favorable to patching up the New Norfolk gaol, and keeping it as th e future asylum for the insane in Tas* mania. Indeed so thoroughly was the late P r. Crowtber disappointed auil annoyed with M r Burgess a action on this, as well as other public questions, th at it was his refolve, olteii given expression to, ib at he would strenuously oppose his re ­ turn for W est Hobart.” “W here,” our correspondent asks, “ is his father’s son ? and what occult influence has so m ysteriously cooled his a *dor in regard to this burning question P” Citv P olick Copht — A t the C ity Poliro Court tbis morning, the bench was occupied by tbc M ayor (Mr J. G-. Davies) and Alderman Crisp, J.P . Jan e Brady, charged witli having behaved in an indecent manner in E lizeh.th street, was fined IQs 6d, with the alternative erf 14 days' imprisonment. MaTy M urphy pleaded puilty to having disturbed th e peace in Elizabeth street. M r ttaporiu< two girls, who would be subsequently charged with riotous behavior, and if sucli houses were dene away with, tbe unfortunate women m ight lead better and ; more honest lives. M jw Murphy denied keeping the jfirii in her house, b ut a fine of 10s fld was imposed, with the option of U days in prison. CatberincO'Beilly and Anne Mi Kenzie, two prepossessing p ersons, who said they wore 19 ytarso t age, were charged with being women of bad fame, and of having been guilty ot riot- ous and obscene behavior, on the 4 th inst., in Elizabeth street, They pleaded not guilty, Constable Butterworth deposed thht _i Saturday evening the defendants, along with M rs Murphy, who was just convicted, wore walking along Liverpool street, gnd behaving in a m ost riotous mennor, aDd usina obscene and indcceut Ibdcugec towards passers-by. They were in the habit of frequenting houses of bad fame, and wandering Bbout tbe streets late at night. Constable W illiams gave corroborative evidence, and tbe charge being found proven, the Mayor said thp accused was on the very thicfchold of a life which, if continued, would simply be ruination to them, and in order to give them time Tor reflection, they would have to go to prisen for two months. M argaret Haddock, W illiam Wilson, and Michael Belbin, pleaded guilty to having been four.d drunk and inpafqble in tl^o pubjic street*, and were each fined 6s With the option of seven days’ in prison. Janet Wiggins was charged with being an idle and dborderly person, she having been found lying r_ ... the Jl.- bu-h l.iroV <1k at Procter's Ilnvilnr'B D/llit Hoad i-Bt1y early this morning in a very exhtystpd stain. The p o rtable look tho woman to tbe kofqiit«l» but as there was nothing pprious the m atter with ber he laid the charge. 1 he woman, who is an ancient looking person, admitted the charge, and the M ajor, considerir.g the nature of th e charge, dismissed the information w ith a view of the Superintendent of Police communicating with the edminiRtr%tor of charitable grants in order to obtain an order for |bcr oim lttance to the Invalid Depfit. This was all llie business and iho court rOiP. T n a CnAKOE Against a Ti:rrnNi> O fficer.—Considerable interest is mani* festid in tbe charge agaiuri Mt John George Davies. KcturnioB Qffippr to r Hobart, for & broach of tho Electoral Aet. by having wrouglv detained tbc deposit money of £25 belonging to Col St. Hill, a successful Parliamentary c r - didate, which comes before the bench the City Police to-morrow morning. 1 Donald Eitcbic Im strucud by Hookey and Young) will appear for tho C"m plaiuant, at,d M r Alfred Dobson (instructed by Gill and Ball) for defendant. D eputation.—On Saturdsy lost c deputation cousisting of the chairman (M r Whitesides), aud the Secretary of t,bp Ontlands Institute, waited on tbe Oatlands Council with regard tp tbe wants of the Institute- The chairman stated that a num ber of gentlemen fteling the necessity of au Institute ca'ted a inerting, the result being that in I860 the prcscut institute was formed, and no other place was available the old r'llri'om h k.d to be selected. Tbe libffl'y for l*o years consisted of o h so'ptc volumes thaih ad been in existence for the last 20 years. The Town H all was thou finished, aod two rooms were ilaced at tho disposal o* the committee the Council, and shelves were erected. Sometime afterwards a caretaker was appointed a t a salary of £20 per annum. At present the library consisted of about 900 volumes, and last month fV issue about 230. The deputation laid before the Council * 'ictitiou 'signed by 3G members of tbo. jielilute. asking tin t some extra ecccin tpod-ation might be granted M r W hite si^es suggested tljat the )argp room 411 tlie right of the entrance to tho hall handod over instead of tho siqall one nu« oprupipd by thorn, I t was docided to call a goneral meeting of the Council to fully disems tho matter. P astob W . D. Hrem-ENTONR.—T he friends of tbis successful evangelist will be glad to learn th a t bis health has improved rince he left Launceston, end that lie is so far restored as to contemplate resuming liis ministerial dutii hortiy. He arrived Tasmania last week/but his sphere of labor is not y it definitely settled. P«rior Hiddjretone is a nephew to 'o u r rpspcclcd citiz n, Alderiiian H ddlrstone, and the people of Hobflrt will rernomher with plrasure jl|G success that attended his rocs] and musical labors iu thi* cily some few years back in connection with P astor Williams in evangelical work. L o th. O banob S erv ice— A special address was delivered in the Prim itive Methodist Chapel, Collins street, last eveuiug by the Bov. J . G. Wriy Ut ©nrtlie principles and teachings of Orangeism The ftiteudanee was exceedingly large. The preacher and members <f the ordpi wore their prelty regalia. After an opening hjinn and prayer, the choir sang “Only an armor bearer." Mr W right, ju a few pr* factory remarks pointed out the <toti*‘F of ftu Urengemai], and poad from the iu*lfB ‘which, if carried out to thp letter, np one would hpve pause tq compljnj, Choosing as the basis of his remark# Psp'iii 12fl, and 8rd verse, “ 3 )je Lord hath done argot thing* for us whei pof wp are g’ftd.1' the preacher sliowp i wliat Oyancoi^tn—which was Pro outantism pm o and simple—had done for tie, 1. Ai n nation; 2. As individuals ; 3. Ai faniilifS. H e remarked that Orangcisn was the greatest of all principles, the greatest of all blessings—religious freedom. Mr W right then gave an historical rescue of ihj; conflicts which rro]es<auts had to page in defence of truth, jn opposition to error am) superstition, 'lhc a d ­ dress throughout was manifested by intense earneritiess, and delivered with force and powor. An efficient riioir, Jed by the organist, rcr.dercd some pieces very sweetly. TnR iRRASDREtt’s FlNAKCUL STATE­ MENT.—TllO Treasurer’s budget speech has been reprinted and bound in the Govornmcat printing offloe. Tho usual appendixes are attached. B othwell State School. - T ho te n ­ der of Meters Lewis and Hallett, for the erection of a teacher’* residence for the Bolliwell >tate School has been accepted. The amount of the Vender is £060. Salvation Ab e t. — The Salvation Army W'd one of their mcraBter meettou* in the Town Hall last evening, which was well filled, Tbe service was ted by '^Adjutant*' Quick «nd other offloen, and short addresses were delivered ana hymns sung, aooompanled by tbe band. The proceedings terminated about 9 o'clock. M ining.—300 Contributing King Diver shares were sold by auction on Saturday by Boberts and Co. at 17« fid per share, T h e Alluncb Booms.—The Alliance Booms, Macquarie street, which have boen well known iu connection with meetings in the cause of temperance in Hobart for the last thirty years have been so'd by the trustees to Mr E. Gifford. There are many interesting associations surrounding the old hall, and during the long period which it has been used by temperauce advocates, many have taken the pledge and made a fresh start iu life. The original trustees were Messrs G. W. Walker, W- Fisher, P, Facy, T. J. Crouch, W. Jolly, W. 8. Barrett. A. Oairnduff, J. Facy, J. C. Tolmao, W. T. C. Cox, W. J. F. Andrews and J. Semple The only surviving trusters of the first trust are Messrs T. J . Crouch, P. Facy sen , and L. Lodge. Tho trustees intend to obtaiu a hall in a more thickly pppu-1 latcd part of Ilia town, and it is also intended that the temperance paper, the People'* Friend, which is being carried on by the Alliance will be continued to be The Alleged W if e M urder.—The inquest touching the death of Margaret Oakes, for whose murder her husband. William Oakes, is at pr. sent in custody, will be resumed to-morrow afternoon at 2 o’clock, m the City Police Court, boforc Mr Fraocis Belstead and the following ju ry M e s s r s Walter Webster,' (foreman). Frederick T. Ward, John M. Williams, Bryant Webb, John Kednatb, Edward Chancellor and I>. U Cr. II tFermilo The pToeredtog* will likely extend over several hours as 12 witnesses have already been summoned, and the police not y et having completed tiieir preliminary enquiries a larger number may be expected to give evidcaco- Oakes, since his arrest, has carefully refrained from making any rem ark on the charge made against him. LfCNPESTON v. Citt.—Our Launceston coi respondent wires :—The Launceston and City m et for the last tim e this season on Saturday. The game throughout was characterised by nothing but very rough, and, in 6ome cases, very cowardly play- A t the call of tim e the City had 4 goals 19 bekinds to Launceston s 1 goal 9 behinds. Socthebn B eserve. —Tbe members of this branch of the defence force seem to still maintain that interest in rifle shooting, for which they have been noted Although tbe class-firing lias only just started, 39 members have commenced their individual firing, and 20 completed out of which 10 have classed as marksmen, two as Brat-class shots, and ‘o as Becond-c’ass. Ciiaiirsr B usiness —T wo cares we heard before the Acting-Chief Justioe in Chambers to-day. In the flrst, M r Fcrcy Crisp appeared in support of petition under 25 V ic., No. by Emma Otborne, wife of Thoma»Osto'ue,of New Townrearpcntcr, and by Frederick Ebepegsr Osborne (his *on) of New Town, contractor, praying (hat tbo Curator of Intestitcs m ight cpiv vev to the petitioners, who weretjevisees, undtr the will of tbe late Ebenezer Sims, alsQ o( N .w Tn*j-n. <oa' mice proprietor, 61 gcrcs of land, wiuoh are vituijted in (he same suburb, and which aro subject to an indenture of mortgage dried May 10. 1880, Tbe property, tbe value of which w down at £ 1200, had come into tbe curators lisuds, and £600 w as r a W upon it for the purpose of paying off certain ttebts I t was unt desired under riie application to to ;se au edditi nal amount in the same way. in order to allow tbe business of br.ck-making in New Town to b i carried oo. Tbe real estate vests in tbe curator, and he had to be made a party to it until any further money could hoedvano’d As Mr Browne did not object to the order being made, his H oaor complied with tbe request. The second m atter wsb th ri of Fuller (executrix) a t the suit of Kay, Mr Bjron M iller »ppeared fordefendant n support of a summons to set aside a judgment which had been entered, anq he asked to addition to have the time 'pr ploading extend pd to December U tli. M r Turner approved for the plaintiff. By consent # an order was made, setting aside the judgment, but 86 tbe judgm ent wa« irregular, His Honor awarded £2 28 costs to plaintiff, the time witliip which to plead was cilctried as prayed. P dulic D ocuments.—^Wp h are received copies of the following Parlialiamrntary p ap ers:—Consolidated^ Bevenae Fund Account, B epsrt on beam under Silver and Gold Deposits by the Iiispcctcrof Mines, and reporis for 1885 ofthe Launceston Fire Brigade, and the Fagged Schools Association. Houiur S avings Bank.—The usual half-yearly meeting of the directors of tliis bauk was he’d a t the banking-boure, Murray street this iqorniog. Thsaotuarv ary submitted the bslaop >sheet, p-hich ebowtd that the amount at credit of the reserve fund £38,38J 9s ; the amount of deposit during the hslf year, £82,051 19s 3d; and the amount of repayments, £84,681 )U 2A—there being a decre&re; of £2Q39 lls Id. The number of accounts opened number 816, afcd those closed GOO. The numbsr of accounts in the bank with balance* between £100 and £200, 870; between £60 and £LOO, 1072; between £L0 and £50,2595 ; under £10, 5480; total, £10,023. D eath of an old Civil S kevant.— The funeral of the late Joseph Brown, llie attentive and obliging messenger at the police Office, took place to day aqd was attended by many citi?enp, among whom were the officials connected with the establishment. H e died on Friday last, after a long period of suffering from a painful diresse for relief from which he had 12 months ago undergone a surgical operation. “ I t is ploisant to hear,” write* a correspondent, “ the high character given of this straightforward, hoocil, faithful, and painrtskiug servant, with whom ho was brought into constant and daily contactM Brown formerly belonged to the military service. He commenced his civil career in this colony in lg4L In the policp, end was the confidential ‘ officef of the late Captain1’McPherson Procter, Comptroller Surveyor General, and'the R p n *.” r*T. N. Crump, who succeeded him in tlpnt •ffice. After 10 years service', helping a'mpst aciivc and trustworthy mftn, ^a* transferred to the postal ^ e p a rlm e ^ a i guard Of the mail coacji hetwg*n Hobart rind Lapocprion, but wbs^ obliged to retire thereupon through u.ing crippled by the upsetting of the down mail cosoh near Green Ponds in 1868, and re tired on the munificent pension of £27 1U9 lid , which takes no account of the period of his services in the police refused because policemen wore not at that time classed as civil servant* a* now. Brown joined the police office in 1870, and Was a gred|,‘ favorite with the odirprs of that department. H o b w l - The only ease rcated at the Goneyal 1* * reportod wa* th at of Hdward VviUisms, aged 19, a gardener restding a tG b norehy who had a fractured woundon the palm of* his hand dressed. L-jinau Hoad T rust.—A meeting of trustees was held on Friday last at Dr. Bedford's, Waratah. when tho trustees fully investigated a°d discussed tho complaintf or Mr Boag^r and of Mr Long, but deoided they could not interfere betweoe these gentlemen end their contractor. A. notice was ordered to he published, cautioning owners of horses, cattle, pig*, goats, geese, etc., not lo allow the same to strsy about on the road* and atreetsofthe trust. I r was lik'.wire decided to hare the drainsge of Lower Piiic street attended to. . BiQjroLp u rn A iu io * 4‘ Cd^Ajrc.—. The box plan for the coming!dramatic season is now tapen at Mr Busmans. . We are authorised to state that there is truth in the rumor that Mr George Rignuld will he unable -to appear m *'Called Back” owing to hi* baying sMi tatned an accidont. T he talented artiste end his powerful compaqy will open in the Boyal on Tuesday, 14th m st.^M advertised. . M ercakhle Bowing Cattp. — • serood annual, u eetiog of lhi« 8’cioty will take place in the l’own Hall this eve ing at. 8 o’c ook. The lion. W . H» Burgpss, president, will preride. The attendance of members and thoBO in ­ tending to jom is particularly requested. Dothweli. Hobticultoral Socirtt. A spring exhibition will bo held in Moye’s Assembly Ko‘ ras, Bothwell, on Boxing Day. December 27tb. Inti ndirg competitors aro requested to send in * li«t of ih rir erbibiis by December 22,'to the recrclary (M r H . F . Chomberlen). H olt T rinitt * i r n Conobbt.—The Fourth concerto! the seasin in announced to take place in the Trinity Hill Schoolroom thi« s»-nine. A capital programme will be preridei. , _ u s a v u a iJoi>0B (177)-—Tho members qf this lodge are requested to meet in the New Lodge room. H errington street, on W ednesday evening at 8 o’clock. B rethren from the various lodges ot the order aro fraternally invited. F in e F ish —This morning there were exhibited in the window of M r Jom s. of Collins street, two splendid specimens of firh, though o! species rather wide apart- One was a real Tasmanian trum peter weighidg SOlbs. which had been caughti near Tasman's Island, and the o th e r* prettily-spotted English salmon troutcaught near Barnes Bay in D 'Entrecasteaux Channel. : Hechadite Anniveesart.—The Vieto rn Tent, I.O.B.. will bo>d their 31st anniversary in the Memorial H ail, on Thursday next, which will oonsist of tea meeting, concert, addresses, readingo, etc. The admission is : single ticket .la Cd; double, 2s 6d. ' O rpheus Club.—We beg to remind our readers that this popular club give one of their enjoyable concerts in tha Tasmanian Hall this evening. Full particulars of the excellent programme will be found in our advertising columns. P cluitjye M ethodist Church.-^- The usual quarterly public meeting ia announced to take place in the ®bo*» church this evening, at 7.16, which will be varied by addresses and singing. The annuli miarioosry services are to take place on Sunday next, when tbe Bev. A. Madson from Bcaconsfield will preach. A tea aod public meeting will follow. W e understand that the trustees of this body contemplate purchasing land in \rgyle street in order to vrect a ninuter's rt-Bidenoe. Tim, coupled with the increased attendance and improvements at the church i* evidence that the con­ gregation is advancing. Mistakes I dentity.—Tbe annals of criminal law aTe full of more or lest striking instances of mistaken identity, and it is to be feared that many an innocent person has fallen victim to a remarkable and, in some cases, extraordinary physical resemblance to somebody else. Not long since a spectator in a police court, was pounood upon and accused of having committed somo offence, nis identity being sworn to without hesitation bv the aggrieved party ; indeed, it was cnly the fact that he waa a police officer in tracing, and the consequent facility of proving an alibi, that saved him apparently from summary oonviction. An even more dramatic occurrence was reported at an inquest recently before Mr St Clare B'-dtord, at the fctrand Vestry Hall, on the body of a man, about fifty years of age, who had been found drowned in tbc Thames near Charing Cross. The body was identified by a fellow clerk, who recognised not only the person, but also a metal box found in the pockets of the deceased. Further, there was & peculiarity in two fingers of the right hand which appeared quite oonclu-ive. The harmony oUUe proceedings was at this st»ge interferred with by the appearance on the scene of the ve;y person m a state of robust health, whose decease wqs op the point of being proved. The narrow oscaps from an error caused pertain qualmB in some of tho juror*, who will doubtless be very cautious the next time they are called upon to decide a rase on a matter of identity. Evidenre of identity unless based on scientific data, is extremely liable to4be mirioan? ing, especially when tbe subject is dca°., and therefore tocapaciiated teom giving evidence, notwithstanding recent altera* t ods in tuc laws of evidcuee. 1 he risk of acrious injury by unmerited punishment ia poss'bly less in such a case than when the identification is but the prelude to a c nviction. Fortunately, a person able and willing to uie his tongue can generally contrive to demonstrate who he really is, especially if he has no particular motive for hiding the fac),. Ah alibi is, however, no* always easy of proof; a great many persons i» suddenly called upon to account ter the employment of their time at a particular hour would be sorely embareased to do so, and in some cases tuts method of proof is the only one available. ’1 he moral of it is th at too groat caution cannot be shown when serious interest* turn ol a question of identity, and it behoves those who have become for tl c time being the arbiters of a fate to use every care before arriving at a decision, and then only on unimpeachable evidence.— S ed tecl Pres*. _ P behibtobic D entistry.—Dr. M arfcer, of Home, has for some time past been devoting considerable time to examining the skull? in thp various museums in Jtoiy, and in Etruscan and Koman tdmi S; and he has given an account of hi* investigations in the Independent FrarriViuwer. In th e ruins of one of the Etruscan tombs, about the dato 600 D.C., lie found a partial denture. I t was an arrangement tor holding in position three upper artificial teeth by banding them to the adjoining natural teeth. Ih esateeih were carved out of some large^ animal ■ tooth. Another denture found in an old Homan tomb consists of two natural teeth fastened by means 'of aofcgoid bands to tho contiguous teeth. Thpm ost reccn’-ly opened gnd o ld r|t Hlrnspan toiqb yet discovered in Italy was lately excavalqd at 'Ckpodimouti; this -tomb belongs‘to the* sixth century s o * apd amongst several articles of lew dtery a denture, very sim ilar to those atjovg described, was foqud. Dr. M arter' wgi unublp (q disqovpr any sjoppea a Ihoiteh many cases of caripa apd otflep dental diseases prpaepted thotnfjfilrui, I i is certain that doaristry must h are been attentively practised in the early history the wi ria, and th at gold m ust have b< cn used largely; otherwise the loarly Greek or Homan legislators would not have mentioned the m atter in tho celeb ra t'd laws of the twelve tables. 6th, de Jure Sacrorym, is ai (o'dojya “ fluro drafret uinefi sicut tn y» sepclire osefraude c$to " M vsterious N oista — Coucomio^ ghosts aud haunted houses, tha txpenencp of one of the m itnuera' of the Seytiort investigation comuuttoa is rather iiiicri'Biing. He is a professor at tbe Uuivcraity of Pennsylvania, and resides tn die suburbs of .Philadelphia. A t a certain hour <&cb; day one of the wiudons of Ljs houso tattles quits viorently, aod this entirely iudependent of wind or weather. N aturaby, tits gent'emnn was considerably puesled at tho phcntincnon, for whilei th ere wai a 'sjlu te ly n> visible enure apparent, each day brought ibis manifestation of activity on tbo port of h i* ’.otUvrwiae quiet window. ,mc determined tp_dii* ore • the cause, end thought at nnco t°f the railroad whi-h ran but a short flis tauce.from jus home., He fo im h lo w ever, tha! no trains tr* » in the vie: tiy at th at time of day. The recurrent* _ the noise at precisely the same ^ hour so fa r impressed him w ith the ' belief th a t it must have a connection with. I tom e Welltobserved time- table, th at he : poshed his investigations further, and in- [ eluded another railroad several miles * distant. On comparing his observation ^~!'h the train sehedule, the significant . was' discovered th at a heavy train pasted a spot within two or three miles of the house at about the same time th a t the riadow rattled. Following this clue he examined the rock formations, and found ‘ it an outcropping ledge which received s full force or the tram vibrations came 3 an end immediately under bis window. This gave a satisfactory explanation of i phenomenon which, in the bauds of a ess investigative person, would have been sufficient foundation of a m ild ghost fetory.— Colliery Guardian. T h e D angers o f D ust.—D arkness, damp, and duet are potent agencies of disease. Everyone recognises th is ; but how many fail to adopt its precepts ! If ithere be eermons in stones, 6urely the ‘ summer dust and its dangers would prove s fruitful subject for medical discourse. There is as great a difference between ndon and country d m t as there iB between the corresponding muds. Pul yeriaed m atter woula be harmless enough “f i t were deprived of it* physical property ol ready diffusion. The atmosphere ‘ laden «nd .w a rn s with particu- m organic constituents ; largely, this :c .n ic m a te n .l consists of m.nutc forms tllfe m a state of latency, only w a i w >r a sjell of heat and moisture and a ““—Me amount of light, or it m ay be irknesa, to awaken it into activity. The abits of individuals in every class of >cietv, including the “ masses,” are not ilculated to diminish, b ut rather to augment the amount of organic matter in our tmospbere. Mucus, saliva, and humor lopularly known as “ m atter,” m ust be Uncharged from the m outh and nostrils 1 the extent of many gallons daily, and ot a little of this comes from infective purees; w hilst wc ventute to think that i hulk of it mingles with the dusts of p r streets aod courts. If, as seems not nlikely, consumption is largely caused “ germs," then a very reaay theory ly e advocated concerniog the mode l which the contagium is caught. Who d estimate the amount of mischief th a t b -shaking of mat* m ay have caused? ow mam young girls early in the rnorn- ; ou their way io business have, so to wk, received their death-blow whilst i t b e clouds of dust th at every morning ^eet them P W ho can tell P 1 he abatepent of this danger and nuisance is a ifficulty th at almost seems insurmountble. Much may be done by personal fcbits of prevention.— Lancet *E nsilage—The question of tbc adap- .biUty of eilos to th e bulk of tenant irmers appears to be rapidly coming sarer to a solution. The experiments : 1886-86 have shown a decided advance W these of past years, and amongst results are two of special value. i first is th at it iB not only unnoceBy, but unwise, to w eight the silos each se an addition is made whilst in proof filling. W hen so weighted, icntation is evidently checked, the : never gels the needed heat, and re more cr less sour is the product Kindly, when lime is allowed between 11 ings, and the product gets up to a of 125deg, or more, the result is 6t ensilage, a much more palatable, l we may assume, a more healthy food, a conclusions have been abundantly d by a series of experiments that i been tried in filling silos iu the p th of England in 1885, and sub ntiated a t the opening of the said silos ,‘1886. Possibly ono of tbc greatest Sections to the ensilaco system was the >or and expense involved in putting on 1 taking off the weights whilst filling 9 silos; end now th a t this objection no jer exists, the fact will doubtlessly i more tenant-farmers to adopt the 3 system, seeing th a t a much larger dk of provender is secured for live teks than wnen grass is made into hay. ider the new light thus thrown upon i subjoct, it is much preferable to “ d a num ber of email s*los than to j one or two large ones, because with j smeller ones the work of filling cau s almost continuous, and the necessity : waiting for the temperature to rise ba obviated. O ne other lesson W_»B obvious in my opinion, namely, iat it is a mistake to chop the food ifore puli ng into sito, as food so treated os out much more acid than the uncut, j why or wherefore of this m u tt be t to the chemists for solution. Grass are to be the best product for the To siloim m ature oats must lead to mb of feeding product, for the matured Utin and the straw, we think, will give *ttcr results. I t is a wide stretch of fie imagination to suppose that weeds or a y trash put into a silo will emerge wwn it as good Lod. Coarse grata wdl . out in a state th at cattle wilt eat, — nxt the silo cannot convert a bad product utoagood one. T he ooly in-tancc I ■i&sve; seen of an attem pt to ensile in Mck, made with all cbtc, has been a .ilurc, and a great am ount of th e grass been wastrd. In building silos, or C onverting old buildings into silos, which xnay be done at * lightexpense, whenever icticable, it should be contrived that carts can come up to a level with the ip of the silo, so as to reduce <Ue labor ‘ the forking of the product into the minimum. W here the iailding will not admit of this, im the nature of their construe- >n, then it will be found to be true inomy to provide for the same object, ticking the siloa so many feet below i natural level of the floors of tbe .ildingB.—.E'rc/iawye. iHa s i D ocuments.—The London cor ispondent of the W etlern D aily Press rftesj—"N ext i oar, probably in April '<May. there will be an exbit ition in ie A lbert H all of certain taro documents atinz to the condition of the Jew s in 8 country from the lime of tho PlanairencU The sxuacoeual archives in I deeds in I possession of various charities have | kgn inspected, long treasured b ut prctecl cqrrespmdenoe In the hands of Triygte families has heel} brought to knit, and I am informed th at one re : h it will bo to dissipate m&ny; eTroucout tatements which hayp long been acapted iieq *w as gu&poi;, gogpel, ■£**> As overyono j..«w knows.. .a Jew s were at variout limes banished •om (ho country by Royal proclama- „tm. Documents will show th at only iome of them went, and th at there were district! in Norfolk, Yorkshire ^ ^ Snd Oornwall where, when the storm r $ 5 5 r a i raging elsewhere, the poor Jew rV?£kvas allowed to say his prayers in pni vMe, and make money in peace. MKMl. 5 - ____ ________ A 'Lai will leaTS-lkiwer Bandy Bay ■ TbMtreon Woduwdiy uext. QfrftTlM C. QUbb. 00 Harrington btreat t — that ha luu a supply ot colonial doors and lu lu on li&nd;, and is prepared to do jaipi n s - *TJc»M,Bl ttPE$»tteth stveet' has a apscialilf in tsr ttlueb portrait frames. , . j«#, 4 DnW aud Co., Liverpool street, h&ve; a splendid supply of new eeisou teas. * ])r.VtUes,VloTornnentVacciiAtor,» announced x/v .{0 vacdu&ls; gratuitously a t different country * • Printing—‘The Job printing deportment of tbe * • Toimanfan N«m ie largely patronised by all — V- n Hobart nuS tbe sumjuudiug districts. nrioes are 25 per oont, lower than those mtharto charged in Hohart,and all work .1 executed in a Banner unsurpassed by any other olDoe iu the i>llaMletiBUiadeto nay that Disease,desperate grown, bydesperate appliances ore relieved, or not • ta ll' The ravsg * of most diseases can be stayed by Uk Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture early if „>, Quo tnol only ucodod. “ Borne was not built in a day,’’ and it took yean of valiant study to bring to perfootion that excellent cure known ns DaUy'e Liver and Blood SCIxtnre wbieb is unequalled in all diseases orWmr Tom the liver. *11 chemist* sell tt> Who can look upon the Bufferings of young and old stricken down by diarrhoea aod djM ntu without reminding tbem that a remedy Is at Band InDiUl^sLtvorandPtn™4 Mixture. Sold by 0hfit?'Kiiuni may he bleat, but Tom wns glorioui O'er a' the ills of life viotoi ions." Usnr of the " ills of life " may he very much < t«ii«a by the um of Daily's Liver aud Blood S 