HOME ASD FOREIQN ITEMS. (ffoTtie Papers, October 59.)^ Op to September 30 the Kuytma Gold fields in Cape Colony had yielded 4752 oa. of gold. The Rev. S. Adams, a clergyman, of New York, died snddenly on Wednesday night in the pulpit of a Methodist Cba.pel at Beau maris. North Wales. One workman was killed, and two others severely injured on Friday, by tbe breaking of some machinery at Messrs* Bolckovr'e steel works near Middlesbrough. Mr. Gladstone, while felling a tree at Hawardes on Saturday, was stung by wasps, which produced a swelling of the eyelid, bat no serious results are anticipated. A large warehouse in Hornby Dock, Liver pool, was burnt on Tuesday, and 5600 bales of cotton, and 30,000 bushels of wheat were de stroyed. A fire broke out on Monday on board the Queen, steamer, from' New York, lying at Liverpool, and the cargo, consisting of cotton, oil, and general merchandise, was in great part destroyed. Daring a heavy thunderstorm on Thursday last, a labourer, at Felstead. Essex, was struck by lightning and killed. Another man who was by his side, taking shelter under a tree, was unhurt. A meeting of South Af'**'! merchants was held in London on Tuesday, under the presi dency of Sir W. M'Artbur, when it was re solved to address the State on the expediency of applying British rule over Zululand. The Oxcombe estate in Lincolnshire has-just been sold to a merchant at Eotherham for £20,000. The late owner, Mr. Boss, gave £28,000 for the property about four years ago, aDd in 1876 it changed hands at £40,000. A sheriffs officer, escorted by police, en gaged in serving writs for non- payment of rent£ was forcibly resisted by a crowd of people at Borneskitaig, in Skye, and the in terference of Marines were required to restrain the crowd. The Rev. J. H. Latrobe Batetnan. vicar of ?Tulip, Cumberland, was sentenced at Carlisle AtwiTpfl to eighteen months* imprisonment, with bard labour, for feloniously solemnising marriage of a minor, without license or previous publication, A tetagram from Panama on October 22 states that railway transit across the Isthmus has been stopped owing to the guards and engine'drivers having struck in consequence of the refusal of the authorities to grant bail to a guard who had been imprisoned for ahoot a man on one of the trains. The Vita region of East Africa is said to have been formally handed over by Herr Gustav Dennardt to Captain Robenhorst and lieutenant Schmidt, acting for the German Colonial Society, which means to form a ' Vitu Trading and Plantation Society.' The Windsor Town Council decided on October 20 that a committee consisting of the Mayor and Corporation should be formed to consider what steps should be taken for tte purpose of celebrating Her Majesty's Jubilee next year. It is pretty well known that the various Government departments are amongst tbe most liberal of the in restore in Government securities, but everybody is not aware that the total sum which tbe departments hold in aggregate of £176,533,360. Several Tibetan traders, on arriving at Darjeeling, state that they find great diffi culty in obtaining passports from the Lhassa SUddm authorities at Cbnmbi. They state that it is the monks who oppose Mr. Macan lay's mission. The building of three new shipa for the Oxus has been commenced at St. Petersburg. Tiro of those boats are steel steamers and th third is a large barge, and they an intended to solve the -problem of navigation is ex tremely shallow waters, while carrying 'large transports. A Berlin paper reports that there was a conference the other day at the War Ministry ia Munich with the chiefs of the great rail way carriage building establishments . at Aogburg, Nuremfberg, aad Munich, when orders were given for the rapid construction of no fewer than 2000 carriages. A conference of Welsh landowner* wss held on Tuesday at Chester, under the presidency of Lord Harlech, when it was resolved to obtain Parliamentary sanction to the payment of tithe by the landowners, and that. an as sociation be formed to assist clergymen whose parishioners withheld their tithes. A meeting has been held at Glasgow, called by the Lord Provost, to consider theparifica taon of tbe River Clyde, the state of whioh was alleged to have become so intolerable that few persons now travelled in the steamers from Glasgow to Greenock. A proposition was carried asking the Glasgow Town Council to approach the Government on tbcoDestico, Tbe French trade returns for September show that the imports of manufactured goods amounted to 500,000,0001. agaput 34tO00,O0Cf. last year, and of raw materials 174.000.OOOr. against 135,000,0001. in IS8?. The exports of manufactured goods were 155,000,000f. against 124.O00.000f., and of raw materials 55,000,000c. against 3S,000,OOOf. Lord Randolph Cha-chiL' and Mr. Lowe are tkc latest accessions to the Turf. The Chancellor of the Exchequer's few horses .will be trained in the same stable as the Lord Privy Seal's and the Master of the Bncldioonds' ; and l!r. Ljwt (an American) has joined tie Kingsclere stable. He is reported to have offered £8000 for the ' crack'Ssh- bred tiro year-old The Biron. . - The Queen has conferred tbe 'Albert Medal of the Second Claas ' upon Edward Scullion, a chemical labourer, in recognition of the conspicnoos gallantry displayed by him on August 9 last in attempting to rescue Lwo men and a boy who had been overcome by sulphur in the air-shaft of an unused sulphuretted hydrogen sever connected with tbe irorlis of the Newcastle and Gateahead Chemical Company. A telegram received at New York no San Francisco gives a dreadful account of the outbreak of cholera at Seoul, the Core*. The deaths average one thousand daily* The bodies of nunv of the At-nA mh» aIuui. doned, owing to the difiiculty and danger of interment. The absolute Extinction of the idty is threatened. Hi. Belt, the sculptor! pov languishing in durance vile, has set at rest tile ghost theory, writes a correspondent. Until ie ma sect to prison a large community persisted in tbe belief^that he was merely.aacnlptor breker. Since be was committed to .prison for bis fraudulent transactions with Sir Willism Abdy. he has been allowed to^U up his time with the chiseL He has carved some decora tions for the Drison chapel, 'which' are said to be highly artUtic. *^ The Duke of Connaufnfs stud mu sold last ?reek at TattersalTs and excellent price* '-wire realised. Snownaks, a Terr charmingf fersy pony, was bought for 230 guineas for the Duchess of UontroK.' The pair of cobs, which were much admired, Went to Major Egerton at 315 guineas:' Of tte horaea/Mr. Angerstein gave 160 guineas for -8weeHieart, and 115 guineas for Hasbn, white Cornet brought 135 guineas. The whole Pot fetched then-full value. '-? «- Mr. War-ton, the last M.P. for Briaport, together with his bill-blocking, bis snuffbor, and his stories, is already' well-nigh forgotten ; but many of his old friends (and'hehadtnany on both sides of the House, My e tte World) will not be sorry to hear thatrbe has sftlast obtained the reward of bis persistency.' He is now Attorney-General of Western vAns tralia, and will shortly proceed to tie Brans of his official duties. Acknowledging resolutions in favour of Home Hole passed by the' St RoHof (Glas gow) Liberal Association, Mr. Gladstone writes : — ' 1 lose no time in welcoming your conunuuicatiOQ, and expressing my beb'ef that Scotland will m»infa»in «i»3 extend her support of a policy like that of Home Bole, which, if rightly handled, w31 do good beyond as well as within tbe limits of Ire land, and the settlement of which u so necessary in order to aid progress in union and enlightened legislation forGreat Britain.' A Paris correspondent telegraphs that the Mayor of Fonteaoy, near SoissinB, faas been murdered by a man named Flandin, wbo suc ceed in making good bis escape. The gen darmes of tbe locality, who have his description, hare given him chase, out it is probable that, like tbe murderer of M. Barreme, the Prefect of the Enre, be will be able to hide with safetv among tile criminal population of Paris, and* Get the Authorities at defiance. A contract has been lisped between tbe Turkish Government and the Gemnnia Com pany, a German firmf for three ' torpedo cruisers and nine torpedo boats. The cruisers are to be Beventy metres, sixty metres, and forty fire metres long respectively, with a speed of twenty-nve knots, twenty-three knots, and twenty knots. The torpedo boats are to be thirty-seven metres long, with a speed of twenty-two knots. All will be armed with Ho&chkiss; guns, ia addition to Sw&rtzkopf; torpedoes. The whole will be delivered within eighteen months. The Corporation of Sheffield have just purchased Meersbrook House and park-forthe use of the public, and Professor Rnskin bas been asked to remove his mnseum from Walkley to the more suitable and convenient premises at Meersbrook. Mr. RuskiniiBs, in reply, written to the Mayor declining to re move the treasures at Walkley, but says :— ' 1 will at once begin tbe arrangement of a series of drawings, which may be placed any where, so only that they have enough of light and are well guarded ; and a aerus of —i-pr*1' which, if Mt equalling the Walkley ones, will he more generally useful. Nor shall they be taken away again unless the smoke or any other infill mffiT is visibly xnjurinff them,' A recent number of the Moscow Gazette rnwfrinr an interesting summary of the pro gnu of the Russian Army daring the but six years. ' Reforms have been made with rigour to a definite end ia all branches of the military system. Armament, equipment, commissariat, tactics, ail have been revised and improred, and we may veil say that oar (the Russian) Army is about to become a wade, fair all other*. Bat a Abort time ago fa* grand knaamvrss of the German Army mra ngaxded by n* with the greatest astonishment ; they are now eclipsed not only by 'hmwum assemblages like that of Brest- Uatovsk, but by the ordinary periodical mamsarres of oar military districts* In GennaBjr bat one or two corps (Tarmfc are called out for * lev days* exercise ; with as aerecml corps manceavre annually for entire muttha.** There has been, it is reported, a curious little trouble in a matter of precedence be tween the -V^ft«iiLi Office and the native nobility of Malta. The nobles greatly re seated a- decision of Lord Carnarvon's, by which it vu rnled that in. future the Titolato, or titled head of families, should only rank next after Her Majesty's Jndgea in Malta and before the Chambers of Commerce, and that the precedence of ladies should follow that of their taufouds. Their plea was for ranking iff* 'hw I lately * after members of the CoiincU of Government and before the puisne judges, and that the precedence of an English official should not extend to his wife— a little point which shows that the fight for precedence in Malts was more of a ladies1 than a gentleman's battle. Sir W. Bidgway, with the whole «f the Afghan mission, arrived at Cabul ox the 15th instant, and were the Ameer's guests. Every thing' was done to entertain frhftm od a mag nificent scale, and a hearty welcome was offered everywhere. The mission was lodged in the Ameer's palaoe outside the walls, which had beea vpecislly decanted and furnished. The mission passed through ^rt^iat:anl the in habitanta of which were oar fiercest enemies in the late war, receiving everywhere respect and welcome. Whatever other results are achieved by the Commission, it has certainly boand Afghanistan to England. The mem bers of the mission are said to be gratified to find that their hardships and labours of the It't two yean are appreciated. A telegram fr in Calcutta) 'States *^1fv£ the Commission would halt for a week at Cabul before resum ing ita march to India. On its arrival at LunoU Kotal it win tw met by the officer on duty on the Kyber, who will accompany it down tilt jaua. The Commissioner of F«shawnr wffl receive it at Jamrood, and the Peshawar garrison will grre it military honours. 