EASTGOVE SUNDAY SCHOOL. The new building which has just been completed in connection with the Church of England at East grove was opened last evening with a tea-meeting and concert, which proved to be a success far beyond the anticipations of the promoters. It was a delightful moonlight night, which induced a good many from Goulburn proper to pay a visit to the suburb named, and give their assistance musically, and otherwise, towards so praiseworthy an object. There must have been nearly 300 persons in attendance, and so great was the rush that all could not be satisfied at the tables until a third round had been laid. There were six tables in all, one of which was provided by Mrs. Baker and others, a second by Mesdames Carpenter and Bigwood, and the remaining four by subscription from the committee; and a number of the Eastgrovian belles presided at them. The two rooms in which the company partook of the niceties were gaily decorated with ferns and other evergreens, and in the principal one a neat banner bearing the name of the school was suspended. The tea-meeting commenced shortly after six o'clock, but it was nearly eight before all had been satisfied; and then the room was cleared and the seats were re-arranged for the concert, which com menced by. The Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombe saying they had heard of some people being embarrassed with too much riches, and now they were embarrassed with too large an audience. [We might here mention that the room was crowded to excess, not even standing room for all being obtainable. Had the promoters anticipated so \- great an assembly they might have arranged for an open-air concert, which perhaps on some future moonlight night they would be able to give. He would, before proceeding with the programme, read a letter that he had received from a gentleman who took a very lively interest in the erection of the building and who had intended being present-Mr. William Conolly. It was as follows: Argyle Cottage, 19th Mifarch, 1886. PIy Dear Archdeacon,-You know I had hopet to be present this evening on the auspicious occasion of declaring the building known as the Eastgrove School finished and open for the various purposes for which it is intended, but an unexpected engagement, not of pleasure, prevents me. Convey our hearty congratluations to those assembled and to all who have been engaged in this good work, and may God bless the house and grant a blessing to all that is done therein. The chief object in view-a suitable place to instruct the young in the fear an1d love of God, " their duty towards God and their neighbour," as our good old catechism directs and teaches, must give a c haracter to the place, and all the other uses it may be put to will be more or less hallowed by this association of ideas in the minds of the "Eastgrovians". May they pass many a happy and profitable evening in it, and may they ultimately attain their object of having a day school conducted within its walls, so that their little ones in heat or wet may not be kept from school. frequently before tihe Minister must be crowned with success, and that ere long. On this evening we must specially remember good Mrs. Baker; Ioher Christian philantihrophy inay beo ascribed thie origiination of what has now beonl coniplieted, ins no dolbt hier collecuting i lie ]iiil, of the flock Sunday after Sunday iiust have inspired tihe larents to think of thi niecessity for ereooting a suitable buil llng to place tlhem in. I would like to ose a good cabinet pholtograplh of MIrs. Baker h'ung up ii that building to teachl others all the good that ca beto done by Plos good womalsil who loves her Saviour ad his Irisblab. Iet, us see if we cannot carry this out. With best wishes I.o you and your Eastgrove Lsrishioners this cvcniig, Srelnnih, yoers very oiinlcrely, W?i. Coxotu.v. ke also apologised for the absence of Mrs. .."'uddicombe, wholsostate of health debarred her from going out of an evening at present ; but she hoped soon to be amongst them at their future gatherings. The venerable speaker then proceeded to say that the sum given by Mr. Conolly and collected by Mrs. Conolly towards the building was about £12. He then asked the secretary to give a statement of the accounts in connection with the building. Mnr. R. Miotchell said that during the past eight months or so a numnber of their friends lihad been collecting money towards the erection of the structure, and the following was the result: £ ed Collectedbythe committee.. 72 6i 1 Laid onthefoundation-stone 7 19 2 Result of tea-meetings .... 18 6 0 £98 11 3 The success of the two previous tea-meetings was largely due to the fact that the people in and around Eastgrove subscribed largely in the purchase of commodities for the tables. The total:income up to the 24th February was £98 Is 3d, in addition to which there would be the proceeds of the present meeting. The expendituie had been Lad For ground and fencing ...... 78 1 9 Cost of tea-meeting .......... 2 185 0 Contract for the building...... 253 0 0 Tank and corner stone....,,.. 7 9 6 Advertising, &c.; ...... .... 1 19 3 Sundries .................. 3 2 10 Total ............... 346 8 4 They now owed to the bank £247,17s id. It was to ask them to assist in paying off the debt that the committee had called them together. They liked to see them all, but they also wanted their money. It was very right that they should have a school-room at Eastgrove; and when they had their next tea meeting and concert there he hoped they would all attend and bring their friends. There was one item of income that he would like to refer to-a sum of ten guineas which Mrs. Conolly had collected from various friends. The Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombe, who occupied the chair during the evening, said he had intended making a speech, but would forego it. They were all aware of the objects for which the building had been erected-for a school- room, and for such other religious and educational purposes as may seem fit to the managing committee. The gentlemen who had put down their names as guarantors had been elected trustees, and would be the managing committee. He then referred to the kindness of Mr. E. C. Manfred in providing and altering the plans and specifications for the building free of cost. He (the Archdeacon) undertook that the committee should have the plans free of cost; but he never anticipated that they would be pro vided to himself without chargo. This, however, had been done. Mr. Shoobridge had also undertaken to present them with a suitable clock, and had already sent them one for use until he obtained the one he intended giving. He expressed his thanks to Mrs. Swanson for her kindness in lending them a building for Sunday-school purposes during the erection of the building in which they were then assembled. Mrs. Baker was also deserving of thanks for her kindness, as well as all those who had assisted in the Sunday-school work up to the present time. He asked them to accord their thanks in the usual manner to the various persons enumerated,. and also to the committee who had erected the building, the ladies who had provided and attended at the tables, and Mrs. Bradford for her kindness in lending the piano, and all who had assisted in the present undertaking. The several votes of thanks were carried by acclamation. The Archdeacon then proceeded to say that on the following afternoon, at 4 o'clock, the children attending the Eastgrove Sunday-school would be regaled with all that had been left from Mrs. Baker's table. There was one thing more that he would like to mention. They were to have a concert and a short interval between the two parts. There was an old story that the jackdaw was a bird fond of picking up small coins and other valuables; but the nearest bird they had amongst them that night was a Rooke, who during the interval would go amongst the audience for the purpose of collecting what small silver and gold coins they might have to spare; and he hoped they would respond heartily. Later in the evening he (the Ven. Archdeacon Puddicombe) declared the building formally opened for the various purposes for which it was built, and mecntioned that a public meeting would be held there on Wednesday next for ,the purpose of forming a branch of the Church of England Temperance Society. The concert, which was a sort of impromptu one, was on the whole very creditably carried through, especially as the performers never had an opportu nity of rehearsing their pieces. There were a number of items of considerable merit, particularly the songs given by Misses Atkinson and O'Brien, and Messrs. A. Mitchell and II. Flood; the piano forte solos and duets by the Sisters Stevenson; and the accompaniments by Messrs. H, White and P. Hollis and the Misses Stevenson. The programme was opened by Miss Stevenson playing a very pretty piece on the piano, which was followed by Mr. A. Mitchell with the comic song " Don't Touch Him; " and in response to a loud encore he gave an amusing piece called " Love." Miss Atkinson sang " When the Swallows Home ward Fly" very well indeed, and met with richly deserved applause. Mr. Mortar sang "In Happy Moments," to the evident pleasure of the audience if we may judge from the acclamation that followed. Mr. Colburt amused his hearers with the comic recitation, " The Quack Doctor," for which he toot with an encore, but did not respond; and Mr. B. Dooley followed suit when encored for his singing (without accompaniment) of "Barney MceKay." Miss O'Brien next sang very sweetly'" The Wishing Cap," and was vociferously applauded. Mr. Chap man sang a parody on the well-mknown piece, "Molly Darling," which bore the name of " Coolie Darling," and met with applause at the finish; after which Mr. Sydney Hadden recited " The Sergeant's Story." During the progress of this piece the lar rikin element began to develop itself to such an extent that Mr. Hadden had several times to stop owing to the repeated nasty remarks sung out by one ortwo in the back seats; but the timelyremarks of the chairman had the desired effect. Mr. A. Mitchell again appeared on the scene and sang "The Little Hero " in his customary effective style, for which vociferbus applause was accorded him. Master James Holloway, a little fellow about 9 or 10 years old, recited "The Village Blacksmith" very well for one so young; and an unaccompanied duet was nicely sung by two little girls named Edith Byrne and Mary Blackshaw, which finished the first part of tIhe programme. An intermission of ten minutes then took place to enable tIhe performers to prepare for the after por tion, and during this time Mr. Rooks took round the plate and succeeded in collecting £1 is 7d towards the fund for paying off the debt on the now school building. The second part commenced with a farce, " Uncle Tom's Cabin in Ten Minutes," in which Messrs. Bradford, Bailey, and Dooley acquitted themselves tolerably well in the characters of Uncle Tom, Little Eva, and Simon Legree. The next number was one of the best features of the evening, Mr. H. Flood being quite at home in his singing of that most amusing piece, "Good Boy, Harry; " and in answer to a loud aid enthusiastic encore hIe repeated the last verse. Misses Carmichael and Carpenter, two young girls, followed by singing a very pretty duet minus any accompaniment. Mr. HI. B. Monk ley sang "Nil Desporandum" in a very offective manner, as also did Miss Atkinson "Scenes That Are Brightest," and both were enthusiastically ap plauded. Mr. A. Mitchell sang splendidly "I'll Take You Home Again, Kathleen," for which Ihe was accorded an encore, but did not reply to the call, and Mliss O'Brien favored the audience with a very pretty song-" I Remember "-in a style that re dounded to her credit. Mr. Colburt next read " A Sermon on M-a-l-t," but the manner in which he acquitted himself does not call for much comment. The Sisters Stevenson then played a duet on the pianoforte, "Solections from ' Martha,' " very well indeed; and Mr. G. Chapman gave a stump speech entitled " Ghosts, Spirit Mediums, and Other Kinds of Spirits," in which he introduced a numbher of local subjects and gave some capital local hits. The proceedings were brought to a close at 10.45 p.m. by the singing of " God Save the Queen," in whichl Miss Atltinson took the solo part and the companny filled up the chorus. On Thursday Mr. Quong Tart entertained the members of the Presbyterian General Assembly to tea at his rooms in the Sydney Arcade. The body of the young man who was killed through falling from the footboard of a tramcar on the Botany- road on Wednesday afternoon has been identilied as that of Frank Doelherty. The deceased was employed in the capacity of a scene-shifter at the lnaiety Thentre. The Rloyal Commnission on the Conservation of Water met on Thursday. It was resolved that the Colonial Secretary be asked to cause the sunm of £13,000 to be placed on the Estimates for the current year to defray the cost of at least eight survey parties for a period of 12 months, to be employed in surveying tie principal western and coastal river basins of the colony. Arrangements are now being made for the commissioners to visit the Hawkesbury River and its tributaries at an early date to take evidence. 