Wit & Humpur. Established on a sound basis---A brui band. ' li's never safe to jadgé a man by the ambrolla be carrie*.. It may be only a borrowed one. .. Never kick a man when he is down. It is cowardly. Never kick a man when lit is np. lt is reckless.; 'Sfamma,' said an interesting juvenile,'do sheep write ?' ' No, child.' ' Then why are they provided with pens?' In what condition was the putriarch Job at the end of bia life P asked a Sunday school teacher of a quilt-looking boy at the foot of the class. ' Dead,' firmly replied the boy. ' Alonso, dear, do you believe in ghosts ?' sba asked, dreamily. - * No, darling, Ido not,' he repliede ' Well, Alonzo, that ghost to show you sre not superstitious.' Tata. they fell into a sweet, en m slsep* . . <. \ * ' A London medical man lays : ' Be careful in your dealings wilb horae-xadUh. : It irritates th» stomach far more than spice, and an overdose will bring on sa uopleaiantjsensation for days. . Used yon pretty rongh, didn't hs?' remarked a sympathising bystander to a man who bad jost got a most awful licking. ' ' Well, no,* replied the sub-^ ducd one, «I thought he polished me off reryfl nicely.' ? A man who had to leave his office, and was ox-1 pectinga caller to pay him aome-money, left thia" notice on his door : ' Ihave eons ont for half-an- ' hour. Will be back soon. Hare been gone twenty minutea already.' "Doyou allow dronken people on the tram?' asked an old gentleman at the Kirg- etreet waiting piace. "Sometimes, but not when, they are «»oo drunk," replied the conductor j "just lake a 'eat in the middle of the car and keep quiet,'and you'll ill right." : A little lawyer appearing as evidence in one o the courts, was asked by a gigantio counsellor wha \ profession he waa of, and baring replied that he was an attorney-' You a lawyer!- said Brief, *wbyl can pnt y ou in my pocket.' « Very likely you may,' rejoined the other, ' and if you do, yon will hare more law in your pocket than in your head.' The inmates of a Boarding-house m Kent-street were much annoyed by there being hairs so fre quently in their butter. One of the boarders took the landlady aside, a.nd remarked to her in a private way,' that aome of his friends thought it might be better to put butter on one plate and hairs on another, and let pespla mix tb snit themselves. .. He ! merely suggested it for consideration. An editor up tte country, who thinks the wages demanded by compositors an imposition, has dis» chergeoVhii bands, and intends doing bis own type- setting in the future. He sats:-''owing TO tHe eXoKbifanT wAge8 dKManDHd hy prinTErs wB h»Ve coNeLUded To dO oUr oWn tTpe SeTTtng iN tHe fntTTre,: anDaLthOueh »EneVer (eArnÉd tHe arT WE dO noT s He alfy grEAt mYstery iN tHE BusIneSs. * Several-Bathurst gentlemen were talking in a Sydney eafé about absent-minded prople. Gilhooly said ha thought that old Dr. 8mith was the most' absent-minded min in th a profession. " He was on his way to the train when he imagined that he bad left his watch et home. What do yon suppose he did?" asked Gilhooly. "I have no. idoa" re- sponded Kosciusko Murphy. " Well, in hm absent- mindedness be pulled ont his watch to tee if he had time to go back home and get it." ' ? ' Psssengers in this 'bns will do well to loak after their pockets,' said a Sydney policeman, at the door of a crowded omnibus t ' 'there are two pickpockets here.' 'In that case,* said a nervous man in a white choker, who looked Une a clergyman, ' I will get nut ; I cannot risk my reputation in snob com- pany.' ' And I,' said a respectable gentleman, with a gold-beaded cane and spectacles, . have too much money about me to stand.the chances bf being robbed.' 80 tiley both slighted. Then the police- man said, ' Drive on, they've both got ou The backblocks journalist is. fast acquiring the amenities of polite and refined society. Says o Northern scribe: "The office boy of our esteemed contemporary is, in the editor's absence, still trying to palm himself off on the community as his intel- ligent and well-informed principal." Now every- body mast admit that thia is a great advance upon the custom which formerly obtained of speaking of a brother editor as "the empty-headed sycophant across the way," or "the presiding jackass of the low-down menagerie whose vile smelling odors pollute the surrounding atmosphere." But it is terribly severe on the office boy. A provident and business-like man, on leaving the city for a trip with his samily, placed a placard just inside the hall door, couched in the following len» guage-"To burglars, or those intending to burgle. AU my plate and jewelery and other valuables are in the safes of the City Bank. The trunks,, cup- boards, &c.;, contain nothing but second-hand clothing too bulky to remove, on which you would realise I comparative little. The keys 'are in the left bend j top drawer of the sideboard-if you doubt my word. You will also find there a cheque payable to bearer, for f 5, which will remuaerate you far. your loss, of time and disappointment. Please wipe your feet on the mat, and don's spill any candle grease on the. carpet. > 