ffioyo' Column EXPERIMENTS I by. - ? . ;;; ? ? CHEMISTRY, FIREWORKS, &C.; ( As tlwrc is some danger in performing tricks of this kind, they should be .managed, wilh extreme caution, and oil no account be attempted by very young and inexperi enced persons.) ? ' . r 1.— TO OBTAIN FIllE FHOJI WATER.. Throw a small quantity of potassium on the. surface of a little water in a basin. Im mediately a roso-colourccl fiamc will be pro duced.. Any chemist will supply tlio quan tity for several of theso experiments for a very small sum. 2.— TO GIVE A PARTY A GHASTLY APPEARANCE. Take half a pint of spirits, and. having warmed it, put a handful of salt with it Into a basin ; then set it on fire, nnd it will have the effect of making every, person look hideous. Tbis feat must bo performed in a room. 3.— THE FIRE AND WINE BOTTLE. Procure a tin bottle with a tube nearly a3 large as its ncck, passing from tho bottom of tho neck to the bottom of the bottle, in which there must bo a hole of a size to cor respond with it. lletween the tube and tho neck o£ the bottle, let. there be sufficient spaco to allow you to pour in some wine, which will remain in tlio bottle outside tbo tube, Begin the trick by pouring a glass of wino out of tho bottle, through which a con federate will thrust a burning fuzee into tbe tube, so that, at, your command, fire is emitted from tho mouth of the bottle. As soon as the fire is extinguished,or withdrawn,, you can take up your bottle again, and pour ont more wine. -, 4.— THE FIERY FLASH Let a quantity of minute iron filings drop upon tbe flame of a' caudle from a. sheet of paper about eight or ten inches above it ; as they desend. into tho fiaine, they will enter into a vivid and sparkling combustion. 6.— TO BOIL A LIQUID WITHOUT ' ?; - : FIRE. Put into a thin phial two , parts of oil of vitriol and one part of water ; by Btirring them well together, tho mixture instantly becomes hot, arid acquires a temperature: above that of boiling water. . - - G— TO PROCURE HYDROGEN GAS. Provide a phial with, a cork . stopper, through which is thrust a piece of tobacco .pipe. Into tlio phial put a few piecei of zinc, or small iron nails ; on this pour a mix ture of equal parts of sulphuric aciti (oil at vitriol) and water, previously mixed iu a tea cup to prevent accidents. Replace the cork stopper with the piece of tobacco-pipe in it ; the hydrogen gas will then be liberated through the pipe in a small stream. - Apply the flame of a candle or taper to this stream, and it will immediately take fire, and burn with a clear flame until all the hydrogen in the phial be exhausted. In this experi ment the .zinc or iron, by the action of the acid is dissolved, thiis taking tbe oxygen from the sulphuric acid and water j the hydrogen (the other constituent part of tho water) is thereby liberated and ascends. ?7.'— TO COPY WRITING WITH A FLAT-IRON. Mix a little sugar in the ink which is used for the writing. Lay a Bbebt . of unsized paper (that is,. soft white paper) damped with a sponge, on tho written' paper; aiid passing lightly over it a flat-troni moderately heated, a copy may be easily taken. 8— TO MAKE FRINGE APPEAR-ABOUT THE FLAM.E OF A CANDLE. ' - ! \- Propure two pieces of plate-glass, moisten two of their sides with water, put them to gether, and loojc through them at the candle, when you will see tbe flame surrounded by beautifully coloured fringes. This is tbo effect of moisture intermixed with portions of air, ahd presents an appearance similar to dew. . 9.— TO PRODUCE INSTANTANEOUS LIGHT UPON ICE. - Throw upon ioe asmall piece of potassium, and it will burst into n bright flamo. 10.— TO MAKE PAPER FIREPROOF, To accomplish this, dip a sheet of paper in a strong solution of allum water, and when dry repeat the process two or threo times. When it is thoroughly dried, you may nut it in tho flame of a candle and it will hot burn. ? 11.— TO MELT LEAD IN PAPER. Procure a very smooth ball of lead and and wrap it up in a piece- of paper,- taking caro that there bo no wrinkles in it, and. that it be ovorywhere in contact with; tte ball. Hold it in this stato over tho flames of a taper, and the lead will be melted without :tu-j ptpsr bjin^ burnt. :Tho lead, whenonbi fused, will in a short time pierco tho paper, and, of course, run through. : , 12.— TO MELT STEEL AS EASILY A3 LEAD. ' ' ' With a pair of tongs nnd pincers hold a piece of steel in the fire till it ia red hot, then touch it with a stick of brimstone,' when the contact will cause the steel to melt arid drop liko a liquid. 13.— A LIGHT THAT BURNS FOB A YEAR. Put a stick of phosphorus into a large dry ' phial! not corked, and it will give a light sufficient to distinguish any objeet, in- tho room when placed close to it. If the phial be kept in a cool place, 'where .there- is no great current of air, its-luminous appearance - will be retained for several months. r 14.— FLAME EXTINGUISHED BY GAS.' Place a lighted candle in a jar, and let carbonic gas be poured upon it from another; jar. In a few seconds the flame willU-e ex tinguished, though tbo-cyo is incapable of observing that anything is being poure'd OUt.- '/ ^ 15.— THE TOBACCO-PIPE .CANNON. ..Take of saltpetre ono ounce, crcam of. tartar one ounce, sulphur one ounce ; beat them to powder separately, then mix them; together. Put n grain into a pipe of tobacco; and when it is lighted it will give the report of a musket, without breaking tho pipe. By putting as much as may lie on your nail in. a small piece of paper, and setting fire to it, tremendous reports will bo the result. ? 10.— PRINCE RUPERT'S DETONATING ! GLASS BOMBS. : Tneso may be; made; in the following: manner: — Drop some small pieces of common, green glass, while red hot, into cold water, when thoy will assume a tear-liko form. Tho' spherical portion will bear-very rough treat ment, bat the instant- the smallest part o£ the toil . bo broken off tho whole flics into countless -fragments. Many experiments be performed with theso. curious drops, but being, attended with danger, are. omitted hero.- c ^ ? ? . - -???' 17.— TO WASH THE HANDS IN ;? MOLTEN LEAD. Take one ounce of quicksilver, two ounces of good bblc-ammoniao, half an ounce, ol camphor, and two ounces of aqua-vitto ; mix them together, and put them into a brazen mortar, beating them, with a pestle. Bub the hands all over with tho ointment, and they may be put into molten lead with im* punlty ; tho metal boing poured ;upon them i will neither burn nor Bcnld., - I 18.-TO WALK ON A HOT IRON BAR. I Take half an ouncc of camphor, dissolve it in two ounces of aqua-vltrc ; add to lt onc. ounce' of quicksityep.fmd 090 ounce : of liquid stornx (svbicli is tbo droppings of 1 ! myrrh, nnl prevents tbe camphor from I firing). Take also two ounces of bematis (that is, red stone, — may be had at tbe drtig- ! gist's), and beat it to a powder. Add tbis to tbo in^rcdienU already speolfied ; and pre vious to performing tbo feat anoint your feet well with it, aud you may then walk on red bot iron without tbe slightest danger. 19.---TO MAKE WATER FREEZE BY - \- THE FIllESlDE. The curious feat can only be performed in ? winter. ? Put a quart pot upon a stool before the fire, throwing a little water upon tbo stool first. Then put a handful of snow into the pot, and privately convoy into it also a handful of salt. Stir it about for eight or nine minutes with a short stick, and the con gelation will be effected. 20.— TO MAKE ARTIFICIAL FIIIE BALLS ? Put thirty grains of. phosphorus into a, Florence flask, with-thrce or four onn'ccs of water. 'Place tbe vessel over a lamp, and give it a boiling heat. Balls of fire will Boon do seen to issue from* the water, after the . manner of an artificial firework,- attended with the most beo-utiful coruscations. J;21. — TO MAKE AN ARXIFICIAL.EARTH ' QUAKE AND VOLCANO. . Mix' equal parts of pounded sulphur and iron filings, nnd having formed the wbolo into a paste with water, buryacertain quan tity of it (forty or fifty pounds, for example) at about the depth of a foot below the sur face of tho earth. In- ten or twelve hours after, if the weather be warm, tho earth will swell and burst,' and throw up flame, which will. enlarge tho aperture, scattering around a yellow and blackish dust. : 22.— TO PRODUCE FIRE FROM CANE. - The Chinese rattans, which nre used when split for making cane chairs, will, when dry, if struck against each other, give fire ; and are used accordingly in some places in lieu of flint and Btccl. - ? 23.— TO SOFTEN IRON OR STEEL. . Either of the following simple methods, will make iron or steel ns soft as lead - . 1, Take a little clay, cover your iron with it, temper it in a charcoal fire. ' 2.' When tho iron or steel is red hot strew -hellebore on it. .3. Quench the iron or sleel in the juice or .water. of common beans. 21.— TO FILL WITH SMOKE TWO APPA : _ RENTLY EMPTY BOTTLES.. Rinse out one bottle with hartshorn, and another bottle with. spirits of salt; next bring.tho bottles together mouth to mouth ; both will at once be pervaded with white vapors. . The vapors in question are com posed of sal ammonine — a solid body gene rated by the union of two invisible gases. . 25.— TO MAKE LUMINOUS WRITING IN THE DARK. Fix a small piece of solid phosphorus in a quill, and write with it upon paper; if tbo paper bo_thcn placed in a dark room, tlio writing will appear beautifully luminous. 2G;— TO MAKE RED FIRE. ? . , The beautiful red fire which is used in tho theatres is composed of the following ingre dients: — Forty parts of dry nitrate of stron tian; thirteen parts of finely powdered sul phur, five parts of chlorate of potash, nnd ?four parts of 'Sulpburct of antimony. 27.— TO MAKE GREEN FIRE. Flour of sulphur thirteen parts, nitrate of baryta seventy-seven, oxy muriate of potassia. five, metallic nrscnic two, charcoal three — the nitrate of baryta should be well dried andpbwdcred. 1 26.— To Make Wine on Bhandy Float \- on Water. . To perforin this Becming impossibility, take a tumbler half full of water, and placing n. piece of thin muslin over the top of the same, ?gently strain the brandy or wine through the muslin, and it will remain on the top of the water. 20.— To Make Beautiful Tbanspakent Colored Wateii. The following liquors, which are colored, being mixed, produce colors very different from their own. Tho yellow tincturc of saf fron and tho red tincturc of roses, when mixed, prqduce a green. Blue tincturc of violets and brown spirit of sulphur produce a crimson.. Bed tincture of roses and brown spirits of hartshorn make a blue. Blue tinc ture of violets nnd blue solution of copper give a violet color. Blue tincture of cynnus and blue spirit sal ammoniac, colored, mako green. Blue solution of Hungarian vitriol' and brown'lyo of potash mako yellow. Blue solution of Hungarian vitriol and red tinc ture of roses make black... Blue tincture of cyanus and green solution of copper produce red. SO. — To Suspend 'A Ring by. a Tints ad, after the Thread has been Bubnt. Soak a piece thread in common salt. water. Tie it to a ring, not larger than a wedding ring. Wbbn you apply the flame of a candlo to it, it will burn to ashes, but yet sustain the ring. 1 , , . 31.— The Macho Illuminator. ' A vessel containing a certain white powder is placed upon- tho table, when the operator advances, waving his wand nud uttering some magic' words coined by himself, when, . lol of a sudden the room is lighted up with a brilliant light, so effulgent that it. dims the eyes of the spectators I Tho powder is com ? posed of equal weights of loaf sugar nnd chlorate of potash, separately reduccd to fine powder, and then well mixed together. Place the mixture in a cup, and when tho powder is touched with the least drpp of sulphuric acid it will instantly buret into n flame. The eml of the brass rod should bo dipped in the acid immediately before use, - 32\. — To Make a Brilliant Light from x ' ? . ' Steel. Pour into -» watch-glass a little ^sulphuret .of carbon, and light it ; hold in tho flame a brush of steel wire, and it will burn beauti fully. ; A watoh-spring may also bo . burnt ; .in it. ? 33.— Chemical Ekfeci' of Light. ? - Wash a picce of paper in, a weak solution, of salt and water; dry, aud then wash it with a strong solution': of nitrate of silver ; dry it in the dark, and, whendry, expose it to the sun's light ; though colorless bofore, it will no w soon become black'. A picture may bo made by placing a' dried plant, a bit of lace, &c.;, upon the paper ' previous to its ? exposure to light. ? 34.— -To Put Three Liquids in a Glass and Drink-Either Without Disturb ing the Others. - Make a strons;' syrup of white sugar and water, put it atfoat a thirdt'np in a tall glass',' then pour in carefully somo milk, which will '; float on tho syrup ; then on tbo 'top- of the milk put some port-wine, which will flont on ; tho milk. Now yoii may undertake to drink cither of the lower liquids without disturb ing the wino, by taking a straw and putting it carefully into cither tho milk or sugar, and ?sucking it up through. 35\. — Fountain of Fire. ? \- Add gradually one ounce of sulphuric acid to six ounces of water in an earthen basin, Then add three- quarters of an ounce of stimulated zinc, with a few pieces of phos phorus the size of a fa. Ga.- bubbles will bo immediately pr«.l-iced, which take fire on i the surfacu of the eflorvcscing liquid, -and the whole surface of the liquid will directly become illuminated ; ^ire-halls and jets of firo will dart from the bottom through tho fluid .with great, rapidity. . ? 30.— T^iie Puial of the Four .Elements. Taken phial, six or seven inches long, and about three-quarters of mi inch in diametcr fnto tbis phial put, first, glass coarsely pow. . dercil ; secondly, oil of tartar per deliquium; thirdly, tincture of salf of tartar ; and lastly, distilled roek oil. Tho glass and tlio various liquors being of different densities, if you shake the phial, and then let it rest a few moments, tbe threo I liquors will entirely separate, and each as sume its place ; thus forming no indifferent resemblance of the four elements, earth, tire, water, and air ; tbe powdered glass (which should bo of some dark color) representing the earth ; the oil of tartar, water ; the tincturc, air ; and tlie rock oil, fire. 37.— Flashes of Fire from Water. I'our'a little' clear water into a small glass tumbler, and put ono or two small pieces of phospliurct of lime into it. In a short time flashes of fire will dart from. the surface of thp water, and terminate in ringlets of smoke, rising in regular succession. 33\. — To Make the Hands and . Face . ' ? Luminous. Put a piece of phosphorus, about tbo size of a pea, into an ounce or so of other. After a time, portions of tho phosphorus will dis solve, and if tho bauds and face be rubbed with this solution, which is perfectly harm less, the operator will seem on fire, and in the dark would pass for a respectable ghost. 39\. — To Place a Tea-Kettlefctl oi Boiling Water upon the Naked Hand Without. Injury. Whilst a tea-kettle is boiling upon tho fire 'and for a few seconds after its removal, a layer of steam exists between the bottom of the tea-kettle, and the water which it con tains. Now, tho layer of steam in question is a bad conductor of beat; - wherefore tho tea-kettle may be taken direct from the- fire and laid fiat upon the hand without giving rise to any disagreeable perception of heat. I/have heard the succcss of this experiment attributed to a disposition of soot upon tbe outside of the ten-kettle. This is an error : a perfectly clean tea-kettle, heated over a charcoal fire, which deposits no soot, may be handled as described above. 