TicfomviefliiKU; PREACHERS: ; BRUNSWICK STREET WESLEYAN , GHUBQ. ; REV. J. WATSFORD. By Apemantos. MISSIONARY" CHURCHES. To-aay I go to a missionary church, and a missionary preacher. For, surely rq church, all thfe wide. wcrldi-ioverihhiB been more filled with the true missionary spirit of Christ than the Wesieyaa-MtModist. And no man among ns, with the exception, perhaps, of the Rev .sMr. Paton, has felt more of the struggle and hardship of missionary life than the Rev. J. Wateford. The Wesley an Chnrch is missionary in i s very essence. Even in home' work their organisation and their training produce pastors who have no portion in the land,, "because God is their portion," and who have no unnecessary scholastic lore, because the simple Bible is their literature. And surely that was the ideal of the early church, of such men as Paul and John. So, too, the Wesleyan Church reaches, and holds, a stratum of our social life that none others, save Romauists or the Salvation Amy, can touch. Such has ever been the aim of this church, and on its fuK filment their existence is based. They are and have been, above all others, the Home Mission" chnrch. Nor have they been lacking in "foreign and heathen" work, and the preacher to day is a witness to what they can attempt, and what they can endure. For years this man has laboured in the Pacific, and behind that quiet voice and simple manliness lies a tale of work, of patience, of hope deferred, of difficulties conquered. HISTORY OF MISSIONS. Nowadays the history of everything is written, and from every point of view. We even have an historian of "pure manners," a collector of the trivial modes of society, in whose pages we read how men " ate and drank and married and gave in marriage how they wore wigs and rufiles, or leather and homespun. And yet there is one point of view from which the history o Christianity has not yet been written ; I mean the missionary aspect. True, there have been histories of missions, but that is not what I desire. That makes too mechanical a separation between missions and other Christian institutions. An organism is only an organism in so far as it lives and grows and propagates itself. And Christianity has its only raison d'etre in "Go ye and preach the Gospel to all the world." The Christian Church is a mere vessel, an organ, whereby the good news of Christ is told over the earth. It is only a conduit pipe for the living waters of Christ to flow for the healing and refreshing of the nations. So I should like to see a history aud description of the Church of Christ, written with this alone in view ; treating all disputes about dogma or government, all details of organisation and training, all incidents and actions just as helps or hindrances to this one aim. This aim is the flower of Christianity ; and I should like to see Christian history written from the "flower" standpoint, and not merely from the " stem " standpoint. Green has rewritten English history from the stand point of the people's growth in know ledge, power, civilisation ; and, mis takes notwithstanding, has shed a new light on our national records by his new way of subordinating kings and councils, armies and actions, to the welfare of the people. So should some Christian historian re- write the history of the church, subordinating all things else to this one end and aim — the Christian missions. THE PROBLEMS OF MISSIONARIES. In these Pacific Islands, as in so many other dark places of the earth, the Christian missionary has to play a many sided part. He has not only to preach the Gospel, but to prepare men for the intelligent under taking of the Gospel. First of ali, he must give the people a written language ; and next, perhaps, to the giffcof speech, or of fire, that is the greatest of possible benefits that can be conferred on man. Also, he finds that he muBt strive in every way to fight against the black man's opinion of the while man's character, an opinion founded oil the acts of traders and sailors ; that is, he must undo, if pos sible (and, alas ! it is not always possible) the evil already done by his own fellow " Christians." And then he has to fight against the evil traditions and habits in grained by the use and repetition of genera tions. This is a fight that has to be renewed every hour, for the hopelessness of the conflict is only accentuated by the ever- recurring lapses of converts into barbarism. To all this, the missionary generally adds an attempt to civilise the people, knowing fall well that, as Christ has made civilisa tion, so civilisation is now a handmaid to Christ. And as these heathen (Mr. Spencer, notwithstanding) are not the original pabulum of the human race, the tabula rasa on which modern ideas may easily be written, the germ out of which civilisation can he evolved, and by which its results are easily assimilated as of kindred growth; but as they are, in all probability, a degraded form of the original man, a downward de velopment quite alien to civilisation, God's handiwork marred and scribbled o'er by all kinds of vileness and evil and ignorance — the accumulation of centuries ; hence we may understand something of the almost iusuperable difficulties the missionary mqat overcome. To this must he added all active, direct, fierce opposition, as well as the " care of all the churches. The missionary to the Arab, the Hindoo, or the Chinese, has some consolation- in the fascinating interest of these old forms, of life ; but in the South Sea Islander or she ®egro, it is very hard to see anything ias- cinating except his soul, and in that case the fascination is decidedly gruesome, unless it be upheld by Paul's " The love of Christ constraineth tas." A MISSIONARY PREACHER, Browning makes the Apostle John " tell dry sea-beach gazers how he fared when £irfc» ' Ji". duller, a Watelord, a 'Eaton :Mth- '4 fought the good ghfc, a thrill runs through me, and ire?l|8e new. Way the sTfcfength and reality of Christianity es a living force in ® - i erey : to ;see" these men, merely to hear them speak, is in itself one or the most powerful evidences of Chris tianity. They have toiied in the front ; hey have led ttie way - they have trusted greatly, because they had great need; they have felt the strength of God, and the nearness of: >jChrist, .because they have had to fight face to face with dark ness, and sin, and the powers allied to these. And so is it ever with an earnest missionary. Not that an ordinary preacher ®n an ordinary life has less1 work to do, or more easy work to do ; but these men who have taken-' their lives in their hands, and in trust on God have lefc their old everyday life to carry the name of Christ into new paths, appeal in a apt cial way to our imaginations and our dramatic instincts — that same thrill we feel when we listen to a great general, a great statesman, or to any of those mea who in God's providence have been led to the frout in life's conflict. The preacher to day has for many years been a missionary in h iji,and I could almost say that it .were a good thing for most of our preachers, for most of our Christians, for most of our churches, if they were brought more directly under this discipline of missionary life. i.o us Christianty becomes too much merely one of the higher aspects of civilisation. Is is respectable ; it is a refiniug and purifying power. But it gets so interwoven with literature, with science, with philosophy as to seem merely a part of the " higher culture." We get so that we cannot understand Paul, not to say Christ. Our weekly sermons are chitfly remarkable for their divergence from the Bible, and for the great mass of fag ends of human learning they contain. A pure gospel sermon becomes a rarity. Ex perimental Christianity may be the consola tion of the individual, but in public we prefer argument, politics, and general instruction. What would John the Baptist have said to the ordinary "popular ser mon?' Not that thia tendency of our preaching can be safely shut out from a civilised people ; but we tend to over-rate it, to make it all, to look a little askance on the simpler and more devotional aspects of oar religion. But when a man stands at a street corner to preach to the careless crowd, or goes among the heathen to toil for years to convert perhaps a score of souls to Christ, he feels more and more driven in upon God ; his chief literature is his Bible, his life is bis Christianity. And so has it ever been with Christians ; the more they give, the more they get ; the more they -endure all for others the more they realise how Christ endured all for thetr. And this is their highest life. A non-missionary church cannot live. The life that flows from Christ refuses to stay, and yet be stilled ; it must grow or die. EXPECTATIONS OF SERMON. Mission preachers to the Pacific, or to the aborigines of this country, find their all in Christ. Literature and philosophy are of no use. The Bible must be at their finger ends, and their only commentary consists of hymns and simple stories of Christian endurance. Hence I expected from the preacher to-day that style of preaching that is considered by many so tiresome — a discourse, extempore, simple, practical, with many texts and many verses of hymns, used to illustrate or explain the subject for the day ; but no elocutionary flights, no philosophic arguments, no dogmatic dis quisitions ; nothing to specially attract the people, or advertise the preacher, Lo with no winning words could I oatioe you. Paul lias no honour and no friend but Jhriet. Add to this fact that the preacher i3 a Wesleyan Methodist ; he belongs to a church which trains its preachers more to extempore preaching and fervent praying than to the making of clever sermons — a church who38 chief spiritual weapons are the Bible and the Bible alone. Then some idea may be formed of what I looked for to-day ; uor were my expectations disappointed. CHUBCH AND CONGREGATION. The church is of bluestone, a long building, flanked by two ugly white towers. Inside, there is an enormous gallery, going round three sides of the building. The church would be a large one without the gallery. It would hold (I should say) about 600 people ; but, with the gallery, it mut hold nearly a thousand. And here, as in the Lonsdale street Wesley Church, the congre gation suffers from the size of their place of worship. Had there been no gallery to day, the body of the hall would have been packed ; but the gallery just served to scatter the people, and to emphasise the fact that the congregation was not so large as it might have been. The preacher has a beautiful pulpit, so high as to make him : level with the high galleries; but with out any sounding-board — a stupid omis sion in many of our churches. The choir sit in the gallery at the back, sur rounding an organ which was well played. The people were very attentive during the sermon, but depart in one or two things from the old Wesleyan traditions. Almost none of them kneel during prayer. They adopt the more dignified, more cleanly, more oomfortable, and more somnolent attitude o£ putting their heads on their arms, and their arms on the back of the pew in front, while the rest of their bodies retains it? ordinary sitting (or sleeping) attitude. There was an anthem also, a very simple one, and very nicely sung— "Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty"— in which the whole people might easily have joined, but instead of that they sat on their Beats and looked at things. The hymns (from Wesley's Hymn-book) wete read out lay the preacher verse by verse, and the whole people joined heartily xn the simple, but rather droning tones. . The first prayer, during which the preacher knelt in the pulpit, was long, fervent, practical, and Simple. It was good to listen to, and easy to. Join in ; It felt like Christ. There was no sound from the people during this prayer, no I'i1. - : -tig- JLV#-' - , .6-114 " ssrMi people must be verjr dold. I thought this' rigidity ;ipf + . demeanour was ?. confined to Preshy teriaus, but I suppose the curse of respectability affects all alike. A dandy, says Carlyle, does not like to-be found in a state of heat or perspiration. As little' aoes the, respectable tradesman like to be caught; .piaying. That's. all very well for! Catholics and Gornish- miners, but not for civilised Protestants and town-folk. ; -THE PREACHER AND THE SERMON. The preacher is a tall, hale old mai#with a Ibng white beard. He has a look of great strength and activity, though of both there is, -perhaps, little now left. His voice is -quiet and clear, though rather weak ; but toe people, who were very attentive, did not seem ; to lose one word , of his sermon. He stands very erect, and looks — what; he is — -an old soldier. His manner is very quiet ; there are very few gesticulations — the arms were raised only once or twice. He leans a little forward when specially earnest on any point. He seems to have a lew notes tor his sermon, but only just refers to them. , The whole address: .sounds as if it were quite extempore. 'While preaching one hand keeps turning back the leaves of the Bicle ; indeed, I noticed, he never seemed quite at ease when his hands were away from the Bible. He plays with it, while speaking, like a chi d ever grasping its favourite toy. The lessons were from fcne S4fch Psalm arid Matthew xxi. The text was Psalm xxvi., 8, " Lord, I have loved the habitation of Thy house." The sermon, which it is bard to summarise, was divided into two parte — a general and a special. First the preacher spoke of Christians and Christian life ia a simple but general way. Then he spoke to this people in particular, to Wesleyans in particular, and to each individual hearer in particular, in a way that I, for one, shall find it hard to forget. WHY WE LOVE GOD'S HOUSE. The preacher described David's love to God's house — how, when "hq was hunted like a partridge on the top of the moun. tains," his soul longed for the house of the Lord. Text followed text, and all was woven into one piece of description, viz , Dxvid's continual eager desire to be near his God. And from the beginning this has been true of all good men ; they have loved the house of God. Why, the preacher asked, shoi-'-fl n= strong desire be felt? Because it was God's ht use. So we love God's day, so God's people. And the house of God is the plaee of His peculiar affection aud delight. Here, again, the preacher illus trated his statements by a network of beautiful Scripture quotations. The only other men 1 remember who had the Bible equally familiar to theiii were the late Dr, Begg'andthe late Mr. Henderson. This man seems literally to know his Bible by heart. Also, we love the habitation of God's house, because it is true that God is publicly acknowledged. The preacher dwelt on the importance of public worship. It is the buttress that supports private worship. If this dies out of the laud, it means that religion dies, that atheism, indifferentism, and earthlinesss are triumphant, and that all morality rests upon a quicksand. So every church building is a daily witness for Goli. As we pass them in our business hurry, we cannot forget God altogether out 'J? our lives, a beautiful argument for having our churches and cathedrals in our business centres, that we may ever be reminded of God. . But again, the presence of God is specially promised in His house of prayer. Texts and hymn verses followed, showing the bekuty anc need of this special companionship of the Most High. The House of God is also a place of instruction ; here, above ali, the Gospel is ever proclaimed. Moreover, God has promised special light to the learner in His house. Asaph tells us how, when " his feet were almost gore," and his faith was sorely tried by doubt and perplexity at seeiug the prosperity of ihe wicked,' he found light and help, and clearness ef sight, when he entered the House of God. And how many poor souls in this present day- have found the same happy experience, and in the house of prayer Their cares drop from them, as the needles shaken From out the gnBly pine. Again, the House of God is where sinners are converted. For if we look and examine for ourselves, we shall see that most of all are sinners brought to God inside His own house. Of this mn and that man, it is truly said that " they were born there and it is here that God is praised. Hither, we go up with joy and thanksgiving, and of this place we can say most truly, "All my springs are in Thee." This place is our rearest approach to Heaven upon earth, and so has many a true Christian found it. HOW TO SHOW OUR LOVE. Now came the special part of the se?mon, How are we to show our love to God ? Love is practical, and most show itself, first, in regular, constant attendance at the House of God. Two evils of the present day the preacher notices in this connection. Many attend church only once a day. They omit the morning service eitber because they rise too late or because they make preparations for an extensive dinner. Sunday becomes the chief feeding day. Or they omit the evening service because, perhaps, it is fashionable to attend only once a day. Many Wesleyans, when they become a lit le rich and a little respectable, feel it beneath them to attend service twice. Tbe preacher might fairly have extended his remark to cover more than Wesleyans. I notice the preacher uses the quaint phrase — those who " have religion " — to denote religious people, Tbe other prevalent evil is the habit of ranniDg about from church to church, having lo permanent church home, becoming ' 4 religious vagabonds." Wepun away fiom our own church to bear some new preacher, or because our own preacher is rather " poor " or ' slow." " Well, look here, friends" (a homely phrase used several times) it is not the preacher's honse, it is God's house ; we go there to meet God and worship Him. And if the preacher be poor, well "God lakes the text, and preaches patience, besides which a poor preacher really needs the people's presence and help more than a man. Do. von- tion eveni through a poor preach er T ' Would, you limit God s powbr to certain channels ' uma!n excellefifee ? The phurches are somewhat ifco blame. They all advertise; their Sunday services to6 much,' and," on a' special occasion, "try to get a man 'who will draw. They often 'think of money-making ana large collections instead of God's honour and God's praise. Letuslobk at this gad-abodt spirit faiily ; let us estimate the consequences if ail gave way to it ; let us face clearly the resulting disintegration of all real spiritual worship and spiritu&l; growth, and then we shall learn to show it. REVERENCE IN SACRED THINGS. Next to regular attendance at cburcb, we should preserve a devout and reverent demeanour ; and that both in spirit-, in conduct, and in word. The preacher referred "(confessing he was almost ashamed to repeat the words) to the fashion that had grown up among many of describing a devotional and spirifcuaVpr aver meeting as a "real Holy Ghost meeting." With deep feeling, and almost with tears in his eyes, he besought the people to avoid all such flippant irreverence, to be in all things most deeply reverent themselves, and to teach their children a devout reverence. JNext we snoaid take an earnest and devout part in the service, joining in where and as is the people's duty. The eld Wesleyan custom was to stand for singing, kneel for praying, and sit to hear the sermon; whereas now during singing many of the congregation sit and look about " them, and during the prayers they setm ashamed to kneel. Let no one be mistaken. A nytMng . will not do ldr the House of God. So tbe people must not have praise by proxy ; they should not put too much on the choir, nor should there be any part of the service in which the congregation cannot really join. And, lastly, people should give liberally There should be no debts, and no need for extraordinary efforts to make God's House solvent. But on that he would say nothing to day. This was, perhaps, the last time he would ever speak to them. And though during the past he had ever striven to speak the truth of God without fear or favour of mm, yet, should they forget all else, this he besought them not to forget. This, his last message, his last appeal to them, was that they should not forsake the House of God. This he besought them to remember for the Saviour's sake. ' Truly a man of the old school ; an old soldier, simple, loyal, devoted ; with unerring taste and clear conscience ; the very perfection of a Christian gentleman. And I thought of Coloael Neweome's beautiful life and childlike " Adeuin " as "I walkel home. The next of the series will be the Catholic Apostolic Church. 