THE GOLDEN HOPE : A ltOMANCE OF THE DEEP. " I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream."- BY W. CLAltK RUSSELL, Author ot " A Sua Qijkun," " Tni« Wittxic oi» this Guosvu.vuit," "A Sailoh's Swiskt- 11HA11T," ifcc. (The Higlit ot Translation is Reserved.) ClJAl'TEH XX (X.— The I'ltUTn. The island stood plain in the powerful lens ot the glass. The tremble of the surf at the base was visible, n thin white throbbing vein that gave the island the uppenruneo of a mirage by the surf's suggestion of clear space betwixt the shore «iiiu nit; suu, ih \>.i» caill Hiuc ill i>iiu inut, ntmosphere, with a iibriue fringing of trees in places ; and the two bills and the graceful arching over into the water of the north western point of laud with the eastern curve, tnade its resemblance to a camel standing to ils belly in the water, with its head under, as startling in its queer accu racy as a face in the lire or some wild like ness in a cloud. The moment Fortescuo had it full, a swimming and a fnintucss chilled his brain ; lie shut his eyes, but, with less eiVort tlinn before, rallied and levelled the telescope afresh. As the liua- monts of the land came out tremu lous upon the azure, an overwhelming emotion of awe and dread and wonder possessed him. There was the island of his vision ! What agency but the hand of God had painted in its complete colors upon the eye of his slumbering soul that little space ot' laud yonder that had been as unknown to him as any valley, grove or mountain-top in the brightest of the planets. It was like being brought close to the spirit of God to behold that manifestation of His holy guid ing ; to survey in its realisation the gleam ing visionary object lie had marked the darling of his heart appealing to him from. Had there been nothing of human tender ness, of human grief, of human yearning and passion in this revelation, there would have been too much of mystery, of high super- naturalism in it for the mind of l''or- loscuo to support in liis then state of health. Hut there was Agatha to think of ! The motive, the issue of the voyage became an absorbing thogbt, removing liirn from the perils of the great awe which tho profouudcr sense of this act of Divine dis closure would luive begotten in him. Was she 011 the island ? Would she be living or dead ? " Dear God 1" lie cried in his heart, and his eye turned blind against the glass as liis soul came to his lips in prayer. When the schooner was within two and a half miles of the island tiiey took a cast of tho lead, but 110 bottom was found. Soon afterwards the larger of the boats was got over and towed astern, and stunsails were taken in. A gaze as searching and intent as ever shipwrecked mariners levelled from rock or rigging at the sea was iixed by the crew of the Gol leu Hope upon the island ; but not to their naked eyes nor yet to the glasses which Hiram and Stone directed tit the land was there visible the least sign of any one being alive there. Xu smoke rose to the wind, no rag nor signal fluttered. In tho glorious morning sunshine veering northerly, each small eminence threw its black-blue shadow soutli-west : olf the sur faces of cocoauut trees rose a silvery greenish gleam that had the fluctuating iridescence of oil 011 water, as the breeze trembled in the foliage, and the setting of the little island in the pure azure of the deep, vivid and beauti ful as it was with rich tropical tints of vege tation, of bush, of long grass, of sward-like slopes, of the shadows of acclivities, of the checkered brightness of coral sand, was accentuated in a manner that from the dis tance of the schooner gave the picture of n gem-like emerald loveliness by the heaping of the white surf along the windward .length of it, a boiling of breakers that had the dazzle of a mass of drifted snow. Xow that the island was made one saw the relief in Hiram and Stone. The correctness of the captain's navigation on the one side, the vindication of the mate's solemn state ment on the other, were a satisfaction to these two plain sailors that no wonder nor doubts us to what was next to happen could at all impair. " We've done wlint we was asked to do, what was expected of lis, Bill," Hiram said ; "and that one . or t'other of us is out by 20 or DO miles means iiotlicii, seoin' as there it is, straight ahead, as if we had been warped to it from the other side of the airtli. But consider— only consider — if we'd lia' passed it out o'siglit from yon masthead I We might lia' found it by cruisin' about — and wo mightn't — and if we hadn't, you'd lia' been thought a liar, an' I'd ha' been thought liincapable of truly navigatin' a craft ; there'd lia' been rows arter rows, and areg'lar bloomiu' muddle, whilst as to him and he nodded towards Fortescuo with an extravagant shrug of the shoulders. But if the feeling of relief and gratifica tion was lively and lasting, it was soon subordinated for the tune to ail intense, perfectly natural curiosity as to whether the clergyman's extraordinary dream was to be completely confirmed by the discovery of the lady, or whether the island, by its desolation, was to convert the whole voyage iuto a piece of wild, worthless, shccrless superstition. As the spot of land drew more and more within the scope ot the eyes fixed upon it, the crews assembled in the bows and "standing by" for orders, whispered among themselves. The cheer they had given was one lliey would have repeated in their present mood. It was true the island lay solid and surf-beaten, an actual fact that tho most nervously imaginative eye could not convert into a fantasy ; but it was something that had been seen thousands of miles in a vision, and therefore to be viewed with awe and superstitious creeping, as old Breeches implied, when, giving liis trousers a drag up and spitting over the side, be said, " There's nothing in it that's onnatural. I've seen tho likes of sueli isleyamls scores of times ; but 1 don't mind owniii' that I wouldn't take tho walue of a gentleman's house ashore, to sleep alone for one night on it. If yc was to tell me I'd see a ghost I'd go ; if ye was to tell mo the devil was in hid in' there I'd go. There's nothing as I , could feel cocksure on ns 'ml stop me. But when there's no one to say what a man might see or what might happen to liira, swallcr my eyeballs, Mickey, if a chap's to be called iifeard for kecpin' to windward of the moonshine in sitcli a quarter." . Of course the cook took the same view ; and through the atmosphere of such talk as this the ignorant, superstitious, hut hearty, lively sailors watched the island growing. Al'lcr Fortescuo lind satislied himself tlint there was nothing to he seen oil shore indi cative of the presence of living beings, be stood -watching and waiting without speech; but nobody could have glanced at him without witnessing the formidn ble conflict of emotions that was bring waged within him. Formidable it wns, and the more so vet, because even his own intel ligence, thinking amid that central calm, which like tlic vortex of the cyclone is to he found at tho heart of the wildest bumnii 'agitation might fearfully fancy that whether the victory should he his fear's or his hope's, such was the intensity of bis mental tumult liis brain nt tho issue would stand in dire peril. And indeed it would have been enough to derange the stoutest mind to behold the island tlmt had been visionary as a dream at Wyloe— steadfast, green and shining upon tho sea under the schooner's jibboom-; the same in outline, tint, vegeta tion ! — tlic same in the swarming of the giddy froth along its margin I — tho same in its fringing and clustering of trees and hush 1 the same in all minute details converging to the inexpressibly real and yet phantasmal aspect it bore when it dimly but disecrnihly formed a background for the impassioned, despairful pleading iigureof Agatha, stretch ing out her arms to liira, from the shelving heaeli heyonil the surf, across the fiery leagues of Indian water. Was she there ? Was it possible, after nine months, that she should be living, and there, amidst this tremendous solitude of ocean that gathered a terrible emphasis from the very beauty of tlic lonely islet? At which thought, regularly recurring, a shud der would pass through him that wrenched him ns a convulsion, and again and again both Stone and 11 Irani marked him stnear with his handkerchief the sweat oil his fore head, ignorant that lie did so, and conscious of nothing hut the rondingUiought : Should lie Unci his love ? The schooner swept onwards ; the island was now within a mile and a half ; another cast of the lead was had, and by tbc time tlic lino was coiled down the roar of the surf was a distinct liollow moaning in the wind. (to uk continued.) 