ECHOES OF MELIJOUIiBNE. (Bn T( e O srT.) The approach of the time when Parlia ment is to " meet for the despatch of bhusi ness" has apiparently galvanised politicians into tho'e display of a little vitality. Tile Ministry have, of course, been occupied in the preparation and discussion of the measures to be submitted to the people's representatives, and have held meetings lasting.far into the night for tile phrsose, while on its side the Opposition has iot been idle, having met and chosen Mr. James Munro, one of the members for Geelong, as the leader of the "outs." During the latter part of last Parliament Mr. Bent occupied the position of Opposi tion leader. His followers apparently have realised the hopelessness of being led to vietofy by such a general, and have noted wisely in deposing the member for Brighton from his pride of place. Mr. Munro'soceupancyof the olfiee will have the effect of consolidating the heterogeneous mass of conflicting atoms, which during the existence by the Coalition Ministry faced the (?dvernthent bonches, and will un doubtedly hbsoe the effect of causiig, sooner than it otherwise would have occurred, a return to the old lines of government by party. Paradoxical also as it niay seem, Mr. Bent's absence from the Assembly, owing to his contemplated trip to the Lon don Exhibition, will be an additional nail i in the Government cofin. For, anxious as i many honourable gentlemen in Parliament may be for a change on the Treasury benches, few were able to contemplate without severe qualms the prospect of attaining that longed-for haven of delight under the wing of the honourable member for Brighton, who, by his demeanour in r the Assembly both as a momoer of minis. t tries and as a private representative,'lBs t renderedhis room more desirable than his company to his associates. Both the "Colonel" and Mr. Patterson, albeit the latter was absent from the caucus meeting, can serve under Mr. Munro's leadership, i and twill now no longer, as during hnlast session, continue to play "a lone hand." From the present outlook it may with a tolerable amount of certainty of the e prophecy being accomplished be predicted r that the progress of the Gillies Ministry t will not be a" triumphal march," and that t even should they succeed in winning their 1 Saarbruik and their Spicherer, their Sedan can not be far distant. The present t Government has already lasted upwards of u three years, and is, indeed, a very N Methusaloh anmong Victorian Ministries. 6 Luckily for the comfort of the smining community of Victoria, the reports about the fabulous richness of the new ElDorado in North-Western Afustralia are being ji swallowed with a considerable number of I "grains of salt." Either the thirst for 1 gold is not so great as in days of old, or ex- i perience has made diggers wise. Times were-and not so long ago either-when the published accounts of the finds in the vicinity of the Ord River would have f caused an exodus of our able-bodied population. But all that is changed now, l and steamship proprietories find it diflicult to fill their boats with passengers to the new I Tom Tiddler's ground. Perhaps the news that quartz reefs of surpassing richness are being daily discovered in the workings of the deepest of the Sandhurst mines, may have something to do towards keeping our mining population in Victoria. Years ago Mr. Selwyn, when occupying the position of Government Geologist in this colony,placed on record his deliberate conviction that no quartz reefs would be found gold-bearing f at greater depths than 1000 ft. from the r surface. Day by day this "scientific" opinion is receiving practical contradieticn, I and in Bendigo,the further down the quartz is followed, the richer does it become. When great depths are attained in Ballarat perhaps the far famed Golden City will ex perience a revival similar to that just set in in regard to its old rival. The now "finds " on the principal reefing lines at Sandurest augur well for the permanency of Quartzopolis, and can hardly fail in in stilling fresh courage into speculators, and encouraging the industry to which Victoria owes her wealth and her naume among the richest corners of the earth. With our i roofs proved to be gold-hbearing at depths of r 2000 ft., the future of mining is assured. What is known in clerical circles an "the Dlods embroglio" has been advanced a stage. The reverend gentleman named, having persisted in his refusal to submit his written sermons to the tender mercies of the heresy-hunting brethren of the Melbourne Presbytery, has been adjudged "contumacious." There is, no doubt, some dire ecclesiastical penance attach ing to the offence, but the delinquent has stayed its infliction by appealing to the Presbyterian General Assembly, which will meet some six months hence. Meanwhile Mr. Duods will start on a voyage to the old country, and, if be is wise, will think twice before lie returns to a land where, in default of being able to prove him guilty of a stated charge, his accusers find him guilty of another offence. Baulked in their desire to findthe reverend gentleman guilty of heresy, they find him " contumacious." As this finding will have the effect of pre venting Mr. Dods from exercising minis turial functions, the Melbourne Presbytery can congratulate itself on having scored a victory. It is questionable, however, whether this victory may not, in the long run, turn out a very barren one. Evi dently interest in the Strong case is dying out, or the members of thei Melbourne Presbytery are getting ashamed of being identified with it, for out of a total of 6S members on the roll only 15 put in an ap pearance when the case of Mr. Dods arising out of the former one--wns called on. It is a well- known fact that in cases of delirium l trmcn s,caused by drink, brandy is often used is one of the remedial agents. On this principle, perhaps, or for the reason that "desperate eases require desperate remedies," the fegislat ire is to be asked to endeavour to galvanuise the dying woolluen manufuctories f V\'ictorlia into life again by the imupositios of higher proiectve dulties on imporu d goods. Already has one of the Geolong cloth factories, broitght into existence and coddled by a 15 per cent. ad valorem duty, closed its portals, and as no establishments of a similar character in the colony are making any returns to the slmreholders, it will not be long ere they all follow suit. Perhaps it may be just as well to put the matter to the test and. dis cover whether high protective iduties have the festering effects on industry which the advocates of a restrictive tariff claim for tlhemn. If the woollen mills prosper under prohibitive duties, Victoria will have done something towards bunvincing political economists who favour what' Mr. Murray Smith is being taken to task foe describing as "tlle doctrine of common sense," that it is not only the seasons here that are the reverse of those in the mother country, but that the laws of political economy are also found topsy turvy at the antipodes. And apropos of Mr. fMurray Smith, it is plecosant to anticipate his speedy arrival in our midst. As a speaker and debater he is unsurpassed by any present member of the Legislature, and his behaviour in the Assembly can hardly fail in being of Ibeelit as an example to the whole of his fellow members. He is to be welcomed on arrival in the orthodox fashion by a banquet, which can. hardly fail of being a grest success. It is to be hoped he will be enabled at the earliest possible moment to re-enter political life in Victoria. 