Why She Wante d a Kiss. " Kiss me again." Sybil Sartorns spoke these wordsin a grave, calm manner that betokened the serious im port in which she held them, and as Herbert tloldfast bent tenderly forward and pressed his lips softly to hers, she looked up to him in the sly, cat-on-the-back-fence fasnion that nadso witched him in the golden-hued days of courEhip. There was no tint of deception in the pure nature of this girl, and her every act was the resuls of reflection, often profound. .Brought up in afliaence, she had all her life been accustomed to put to its best use the power of discernment which a .thuughtful mind gave her. Surrounded as she was by the mysticin. fluences of refinement, and several large houses where tallow was sold, it is small wonder that when, standiug on the threshold of womanhood, she behelt suitors for her heart and hand approaching, she had analysed with critical care the hopes and fears of each \--had subjected the character of every wooer to the rigid scrutiny of a mind that, seated cross-legged on the starry summit of physcho logical research, looked upon a man as only vivified protoplasm, and the deepest emotions of the heart as merely the manifestations of a too active nerve centre. Herbert knew this. He knew that this girl, the rounded curves of whose figure and the dewy sweetness of whose lips would have made an anchorite leave his stillet without a pang, had naught of passion in her nature. And so when he had complied-oh, so gladly -with her request, there stalks from out the banquet halls of his imagination, where they had so long been unwelcome guests, the sheeted ghosts of doubt and apprehension. For her sake he had on New Year's Day sworn off smoking, and he knew that Sybil loved him with a love that would never falter or fail--a love that, securely built upon a foundation of respect and admiration, was now crowned with a large, roomy, towered roof of a deathless, never-changing passion. Her words proved it. Never before had she even as much as hinted at a kiss, and when he had sought to take one she had submitted to his caresses more as a dutiful than as an ardent lover. But now all was changed,and it was she who sought the blias-thata large, well- regulated, three-storey-and-basement kiss alone can .give. The thought was ecstacy. "You love me better to-day, Sybil," he said, "than you did yesterday. Is it not so, darling I" "No," she answers, standing there calm and pulseless as a periwinkle at high tide. 1 "Then why," he says, "did you ask me to a kiss you !" "Because," Sybil replies, "I desired to as certain whether or not you had kept your New Year's oath I" 