SCENI:S IN TiiE 1OUSE. Tir: shbtance of \\\Wednerslayts Pa':rlinmentary proceedings as firl as the tinrcial statemenit is cottcerned alpulred ill oar telegrmlts. 'lThe following is a cnlltinil tiot of thle pro ceedings on 'IThlnrsdlay after 2.:0 nmornn g: MIr. Buritns thought the Colonial Treasurer should hIave informed the HIouse how thIe Go verarent proposed to meet the ideficiency which would result at the end of tihe year. Despite thie piromises which had been given, there had been no real effort at retrenchment mado by the Government. In the additional estimates now before the IHouso provision was made in the Customs Decpartmernt for an extra expenditure of £2000 for new oflicers. The prcsent Governr meat in every one of its estimates made provision for additional oflicers. In the Londs Depart mont alone there was an increase in this direction, and additional aolaries, amounting to £8050. MIr. Toohey said the hon. member who had just sat down appeared to gloat over the present financial position of the colony; and remoarkled that, admitting the measures proposed to meeot the deficiency to be inadequate, they wore far less inadequate than those of the heron. member himself when be had to face a financial difficulty. Ifr.Davics declared that thcLegislativoCouncil had frequently proved more truly representative of the people than were the members of the Asscmnbly. He quite agreed with the Upper House in casting out the Land Tax Bill. (Hear; and Hr. Burns: "I don't.) On overy hand, in every piece of fresh legislation they saw ruin and disaster. Mr. Shepherd complained that it was ridicul ous to keep hen. members sitting in the Chamber al! night long. Mr. O'Sullvan said that he had no wish to listen to the bosing, brutal bunktum which they Ihad been listening to for some time. Mr. Neild rose to order. Mr. Slattery said that the hen. member for Queanbeyan was out of order in making such a remark, and hoped that the hen. member would withdraw it. Mr. O'Sullivan said that in deference to the ruling of the Chairman he would withdraw the remark. At 3.45 a.m. the committee adjourned for rafreshments. Mr. W. Clarke, at 10 minutes past 4 o'clook, .ppealed to the Premier to consent to an adjournment. Sir Patrick Jennings declined to consent. Mr. Clarke was about to call attention to the financial statement of the Premier, when Mr. Shepherd walked up the Chamber, re marked that he did not think there was a quorum present, and left the room. Mr'. Slattery having announced a quorum, Mr. Clarke proceeded to refer to the financial pooition of the colony. Sir Henry Parkes rose to inquire to what region the Parlsriament was drifting to. Did the hen. gentleman at the head of the Government intend to try and pass the estimate through in one sitting, and that at nearly 5 o'clock in the morning ? (Hear, hear.) -o (Sir Henry Parkes) had looked through the estimate in question, and he ventured to say, without the slightest misgiving, that such an estimate would not have been, at an earlier period of the colony's history, assented to without at the least a fortnight's debate. (Itoar, hear.) It was something per feotly brutal for the House to be asked to go on with the transaction of publie business in the manner which was sought to be carried out. One of the very striking things in connection with the present Government was that their mont important business was brought in at tihe dead lhours of the night. (An hen. member: "By necessity.") By slovenly, culpable, un piardonablo neglect (hear, hear! with loud Opposition cleers)--a neglect which resulted in a brutal Ministry trying to govern the country by brutal means. Sir Patrick Jonnings rose tdc( order, and asked for the Ch l . 's ruling ?bhether the hen. member wau in usini ciUh tan expression. Sir Henry Parkes: Wtiltou allow meo to explain? I used the wordsoit this sense--that the governmeht of the countty was attempted to be conducted by brute jorce, and not by iuntellect or reason. I did no intend to attribute any other meaning to my wfrde, and I will not withdraw them. Mr. Slattery pointed out that the words were irregular and out of order, and ought to be withdrawn. Sir Henry Parkee: With the utmost respect for the Chair, I kItnow of no remarks that would better describe any attempt to override the proper conduct of business; and I therefore decline to withdraw them. Sir Patrick Jenninrgs: Tle hen. gentleman has declined to withdraw the words, and I therefore move that the words be taken down and reported to the Speaker. Mr. Slattery: Perhaps it may not be too late to suggest to the helon. member for St. Leonards that the words are unparliamentary, and ouglht to be withdrawn. Perhaps the bohen. member will pardon me for suggesting that the words ought to be withdruawn. Sir Henry Parkes: May I be permitted to address you? I feel so soandalised, so utterly shocklted, at the proceedings, and the attempt to force us after midnight to consider Mr. Want here made a remark which was inaudible in the gallery. Sir Henry Parkes : The hen. Attornoy-Gcneral sets the example of a larrikin at the best. [itr. Shepherd: Hear, hear.] Mr. Wt?ant: I never swindled my creditors. Mr. Slattery saiod that be would suggest even now that the hen. member for St. Leonards should withdraw the words. Sir Henry Parkes: Perhaps the hen. gentle man will say what we ought to do. Sir Patrick Jennings said they were not to be dismayed by this offensive insolence. (Hear, hear). The words were unparliamentary, and he moved that they be taken down. The words are, " this brutal Ministry." Sir HeIenry Parkes : It is too late now. Sir Patrick Jennings: It is not too late. I move that the words be taken dotn and reported to tie House, the words being, " This is a brutal Ministry." Sir Henry Parkes: I admit the truth of the words. Mr. Slattery: It is my duty to Parliament to take down the words, " This brutal Ministry." I will aske the hen. rmember if these are the words he used. Sir Henry P?arkes: Ido not know whether tleeo were the precis words or not, but they are substantially the words I usneed. Mr. Slattery: The quoestion is that I do now leave the chair, report the words to the House, and ask leave to sit again after the matter is decided. The motion was agreed to. The House then resumed, and MIr. Slattery reported the disorderly conduct of the hen. moem ber for St. Leonards to the Speakler. 1Mr. Speaker: The committee reports that a disorder hits taken place, and asks leave to sit again after such disorder has ebeen dealt with by the House. Mr. Slattery sanid the hen. me;hber for St. Leonards had used the words, "This brotal Ministry." Therefore he (NIr. Slattery) ruled that the words when so used were out of order, and that they being disorderly and unparliamon tary should be withdrawti. Mr. Speaker: A case of disorder has been reported by the committee to this House, and it is the duty of the Houseto deal with the dis ordor in the ordinary course. That course is this: That I should ask the hen. member for any explanation or retraction ho may havo to make, amd then to withdraw the objectionable expression. Sir Henry Parkes asked whlether the ruling of the House of Commons that had been referred to was subsequent to 1870. Mr. Speaker: It required ino precedent to decide tlat thie words "brutal majority" were unparlionentury. Sir HIenry Parkes: Shall I cow make an ex planoation ? Mr. Speaker: The hon. member is perfectly in order in making any explanation he wishes. Sir I-enry Parkes: I used the words either '"the brcutal Ministry," or "this brutal Ministry." I used these words, but I used them not in the conventional sense in which they are used very often amongst certain scotions of society. I used themn as words that occurred to me as the best adapted to describe tihe tactis of tic Ministry in forcing dobates upon this House at such unreasonable hIours. I desiroe again to say thact I did not use the words in thle ofofensivo esens in which they are frequently used, but simply as expressive of my sense of thie way in which tihe business of the louse is now coducteld-a way utterly opposed to all my experience of Parlia mentiry procedure. (Opposition cheers.) It is impossible to reason in the ordinary course of argument upon thie business with which the committee is called upon to deal. Thero hasc been this important business before thie com mittee since midnight, witlh only thlree or four members of the Govornme nt attending to it, frequently. Other members were lying flist on their backs behind on their seats; some of thom making strange noises wheuI they were sleeping, very objectionable to most persons; and alto gother the appearance of things were such as I could only describe by the toen I used. (Hear, hear.) I have never felt so shocked and horrified as I have been with this attempt to force an additional osticmteo of £2100,000 through Parlia ment after midnight, wilen members were utterly incapable of dealing with it. I felt that it was a crisie that must bIring out the brute instincts of cany of us. It is oalculated to subvert our cconstitutional rights and liberties to sit hero day after day and night after night when Minieters bring day after day and night aifter nihlit measrmie' tdhat there is in clhance of di?rousigl, nad that there is evidently a design to force tihroughl the House rightly or wrongly. The hion. member proceedeld to say in explana tion that it was not because heIo felt indignait only that hIe uied this term, lut beroause o Ihe felt that tihe country had been hobetrayed and ruined. (Opposition cheers.) It was because hlie felt tlht every inmt here had been converted into a brute. If the rights of members were to be torn up by the roots, so to speak, and nmembers were to press iniquitonus proposals before members at the ilead of night, the soonter he (Sir Henry Parlkes) was expelled from the HIouse the greater would bo tim glory. (Cheers.) Mr. Speil)rer: It is now for the House to decide whether the words used were in order or not. Sir tPatrickl Jennings said hlie had listened to the remarks of the Ion. member for St. Leonards, but failed to discover that he had in any degree explained away the term "brutal Ministry " that had been used. A more offensive, insolent, or unworthy speech had never beeni made in this Hlouso than the speech of the member for St. Leonards in explaining the words he had used. (Ministerial cheers.) Sir Patrickl Jonnings: The expression has not been withdrawn or retracted as it ought to have been. The lihon. gentlenman's explanation of the term "brutal Ministry" is insuolicient, and the words used are disorderly, and ought to be with drawn. Mr. Sponeaker :The question is whether the words used by the hen. member for St. Leontards are disorderly. Mr. Wisdom declared that the proeedings were the most contemptible he had over listened to. (Cries of " Choair.") Mfr. Spealker called the hen. member to order. Mr. WVisdom repeated thalnt thlese proceedings were the most contemptible, miserable, and petty, that an arrogant majority could be guiltly of. After several interruptions by members of the Ministry, Mr. Wisdom said: Isay this is a most con temptible proceeding. I say that the leader of the Opposition was perfectly justified in using the word " brutal," and I now apply the word brutal to them. They are the mnost brutish Ministry I have ever seen. Sir Patrick Jennings: I move the words be taken down. Mr. Speaker called the member for Morpeth to order. Sir Patrick Jonnings contended that tle words "brutibsh Ministry" wore highly unparliamen tary. Mar. Speaker pointed out that the question was that the words be taken down. Heothought the ayes had it. Mr. Wisdom: That is the way the majority oct. Mr. Speaker: The words taken down are, " This is a brutish Government." (No, no.) It is now open for the hen. member to state whether he made nse of the words or not. Mr. Wisdom: The words I made use of were " brutal Goverinment;" but I used those words in the sense of merciless-the dictionary sense of the term-and if that is out of order I am quite glad to be so. Sir Patrick Jennings : In any case the words are highly unparliamentary, and ought to be withdrawn. MIr. Shepherd: I call for a division. (Laugh terMr. Speakler desired that the words com plained of be submittted pro forma, in writing. Sir Patrick Jennings submitted the expression in writing accordi.ngl. Mr. Speaker: It will be for the House to do termine whether those words wore used, and whether they should be withdrawn. Mr. Clarke: It is not yet said who used them. Mr. Neild stated thattbe word "brutish" was simply a rendering from the dictionary, and it was not a term of the hen. member's. Mr. Want: Oh ! oh! Mr. Neild added that he had not spoken in the House for a considerable timne, but whenever he did he was met with the most unseemly inter ruption from Ministers. (Hear, hear, and laughter). Hen. members might liugh liko any jackasses on the trees at early morniing, but they wore not going to laugh him down. An hen. member: It is daylight now: 20 minutes to six, and time that all good jackasses went homo to bed. (Langhter.) Mr. Shepherd thought it was simply disgrace ful that important business should be transaoted at ghost-like and unearthly hours, when half of the few members who tookl the trouble to remain in the Chamber wore snoring like pigs in their seats, and while Ministers were in their own privatte room drinking and "shouting" oham pagne right and left. (Disorder.) Mr. Speaker called the hen. member to order. Mr. Shepherd admitted that oh some ocoansions one was wont to be led into extreme expressions, and at times oneo was inclined to be ishamed of holding the position of a member of Parliament. (An hbn. member; "Suchl a one as you.") (Mr. Melville: "Hear, hear.") Who was the hen. gentleman who cheered ? The subservient paid whip of the Government. Mr. Melville rose to order. The Speaker put the question that the words "brutish Government" are disorderly, and ought to be withdrawn and apologised for. The motion was carried on division by 25 to 5. The Speaker said that the words having boon delared by the House to be disorderly, and that they should be withdrawn and apologised for, it would be the duty of the Sergeant-at-Arms to commnnicate with the hen. member. Mr. Wisdom here entered the chamber, and said that he was a member of Parliament, and declined to brought in by the Sergeanut-at- Arms, who was not a member of the House. The vote of the House was an outrageous one, and he justified the word "brutish" on the grounds mentioned in the dictionary, namely, that it was like a brute or beast, sensual, stupid, un feeling, &0\. Everyone of these terms, he sub mitted, waits applicable to the Government, and he declined to apologise or withdraw the words he used, and the House could do as it liked. Sir Patrickle Jennings said that it was with a considerablo feeling of pain he rose to move. Mr. W. Clarke: We had better adjourn now. Mr. Shepherd: Yes; aijourn, and refloet for half-an-hour. Sir Patrick Jennings said he was not to be interrupted in performing his duty by the offensive interruptions of the hen. anembers. Mr. Speaker said he would ask the House to permit him to adjourn for 10 minutes. The House accordingly adjourned, and upon resuming shortly afterwards, Mr. Wisdom, at the request of the Speaker, withdrew from the Chamber. Sir Patrick Jennings moved,-That Mr. Wisdom, the henou. member for Morpeth, having wilfully and vexatiously interrupted the orderly conduct of the business of the House, be com mitted by warranut of the Speaker to the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and be now taken into custody by the BSergeant-at-Arms accordingly. Mr. Shepherd at considerable length contended that the House ought not to pass the resolution. Mr. W. Clarke urged that the Premier should withdraw his resolution. After further discussion, the motion was put and carried on the following division :-Ayos 29, noes 6. The Speaker then issued his warrant, and it was handed by the clerk of the House to the Sercoant-at-Arms. Mr. Wisdom, who had again entered the chamber, exclaimed in an oxcited tone, "Thoro are no standing orders. You are not Speaker." The Sorgeant-at-Arms (amid several ories of "Shameo') advanced to Mr. Wisdom to enforce the warrant, and, the hen. member resisting, a short struggle ensued. The Speaker immedi ately oalled upon the officers of the House to assist the Sergeant-at-Arms, and they did so. Mr. Shepherd: Is this a travestie? Is this nigger business allowed? (Cries of "Sit down.") I won't sit down. It's a disgrace to Parliament. Mr. Wisdom was then taken out of the cham ber in custody. Mr. WV. Clarko suggested that, after what had just occurred, it was nothing more than advis able that an adjournmenrt should he miade, especially as the hour was 25 minutes to 7 a.m. Sir Patrick Jennings said that not a singlo hos. member in the Assembly felt more pained than himself in havi'sg to carry out his duty in the matter. Mr. Shepherd: You langhed at it, sir. You are a nigger minstrel, but you'll never blacken my face. Sir Patrick Jennings: Any man who says that I over blanketied my faeo tolls a falsehood. Mr. Shopherd; I have seed it blackoned, sir. Mir. Speaker called the hon. gentleman to order. Sir Patrick Jennings slaid that it wais with thie oxtreiast regret aud pain that he had been com polled to take the stop which was retidored necessary. .T he hn. member for Morpeth was one of his oldest and most personal friends, sinle ooabout the your 1850. With regardto tio the hon. member for St. Leoiards (Sir Henry Parkos), that hen. gentleman still had the power to retroact his words, although they had been declared to be disorderly, and he hoped that he would, on reflootion, take tlhat course. If he did so, no further action need be token. Mr.Neild contended thlt the whole action had been a pitiable, an abominable, and a despicable way of using more numnerical strength for the purpose of hiumbling auI exalted, fnamous, and dantgerous oppoucnt-(hCear, hear)-aii attemipt to humble the only man who was capable of dealing properly with the flimsy rag of a Govr ernnoeot which were now in power. oas it anything to crow over, to tr to crush a political oppo nct whose boots the laghiing, giggling, idiotic houorable "gmnmerso" on the Govern ment benches were not fit to blacken. Mr. Speaker called the hion. gentleman to order, anid Mr. Neild witlldrew the expression and apologiscd. After some disocosion, Sir Henry Parkes (who was standing near the Speaker's chair, but not within thle chamber) said thaet before the Speaker left tile choir he might be permitted to state that it was usual for a per.on in hit position to be heard before any debate took place. Mr. Speaker said that thie hen. gentleman was heard when tihe words were reported to the Committee. MIr. Davies: Is it in order to move that the hen. member be heard ? Sir Patrick Jcnnings: I have certainly no objection. Mr. Speaker said that if the hen. member for St. Leonards desired to take a course which would obviate the necessity of putting the motion, he could take upon himself to hear hiim. Sir Henry Parkee said that he had not been hbcard before when his conduct was considered, and he should have had an opportunity of appearing in his place and saying whether he was prepared to withdraw the words or not. If he were not allowed to take what lie considered the proper course, he was quite content to remain outside. Mr. Spaker said that he would leave the chair in order to allow hen. members to obtain some refreshment, and lion. member might then con sider the matter. The House, shortly after 8 a.m., adjourned for breakfast. The House resumed atd0.30 a.m. Mr. Speaker said he was asked the question whether upon the motion before the House the hon. member for St. Leonards could be heard. Sir Henry Parkes (speaking from the bar of the House) said he had been slightly misunder stood. What he desired was that he should be heard before the question was put to the House. Mr. Garrett (who had left the House at 11 o'clock on the preceding evening) said he was not going to argue this matter in a contentious spirit, but he cubmitted that the words could not be taken exception to in an assembly such as this. He knew that he had used, if not exactly the same words, words conveying a simnilar meaning himself. He and other hen. members had said that the Government of the country was carried on by brute force, and he could appeal to facts to support the statoemenot. He appealed to the hen. gentlemen opposite to leave the matter where it stood. The hon. member for St. Leonards used the words as rightly describing the tactics of the Government. A number of the members of the Opposition, having heard upon going to thleir business in the mormning that the House was still sitting, joined tbheir comrades and opened fight on the Govern ment in a very determined way. Dr. Ross moved an amendment on the resolution to the effect that tile explanation given by Sir Henry Parkes was satisfactory, and while this and the motion were being discussed the Government were palpably wavering, and after at an earlier hour persistently refusing to withdraw the mIotion ignomninously gave way. The Opposition objected, and upon the amendment being put it was carried on the'following division: A~ncs 2. Jeounina, Sir P. Dlay o Dalton Coptlaad fibbo Hogat Weet Fleteltor Barboor nowil or Coot Forsytll Melville Otyrie Creer Garvan Targeth Myata Lyne Jones Mmssall Tlompson B erko llieo . Cass Abbott Toohtey tTolleca. Soittr tiHungrford ocas 31. Reoborts BRod Foster Clarke, W. Clore, H. Gatolond Bloayd, G.A. Ioes Taylor, H. Garrett Dlason Slophord Neild Moore Roso .otmg, J. H. Porkee, V. Abigail Blt-tlobkit Kethel Teoce Goold Miekb Staitli, S. Gtibbo Peatg, J.D. Foretlseelt, W. S flvieo Intilis J. ETellers. Ktidal ' Molborow Paes.--For otion: E wing, Cramsieo, OlliffC , t. B Wilkinson. Agaiinst Hetiotit a . F. Smith, O'Connior' Hrawthorne, S. A. Stephen. The words were then inserted in the resolu tion, and the amended resolution was carried without division. The result was greeted with much bcheering by members of the Opposition, and Sir Henry Parkes eoutered the chamber. Sir Henry Parkes said, I presume I have the privilege of offering a few observations after the vote just arrived at. I may state, however, that is known to all my friends that I have remained in this House through the night atnd day suffering from extreme physical pain, from indisposition, which has nearly cut my body in two at times; but I have endured this because after the stecs taken I thought it was respectful to the House to keep my plce. I wish to be permitted to say that while I am very sensible of the kind things said of me by many hen. gentlemen, which I could not help listening to, I have never desired to have this question settled except in the way in which it would be settled in the ncase of the youngest and leastimportant mem ber of the House. But, although I have no desire to be treated in any exceptional way, I trust I shall be permitted to refer to some features of my past life, for one purpose only-to vindicate my character as a lover of order, and as a vener ator of Parliamentary government. I sat first under the presidency of Sir Charles Nicholson many, many years ago. I received the inttimate friendship of that gentleman whilst he remained in the country, and he is my firm friend now. Every Speaker, sir, up to the time you were elected to the Chair, hionored mo with his per sonal friendship and confidence. I am sure my influence on the whole has been at all times exercised to preserve order, to sustain the power and character of Parliament, and if I have erred at any time it hlas been in vindicating the liberty of speech and the independence of Parliament. (Cheers.) In justice to myself, then, I say I am no perpetrator of disorder. (Hear, hear.) I have at all times, then, with only one exception, readily acknowledged my error if I offended against the law of Parliament, and I have at all times professed my respect for the authority of the Chair. I used the words I used the other day in the sense which I voltin tarily explained, and I am content for that ex planation to remain on record as my vindication of the use of themt. (Hear, hear.) Now, sir, as the House has dealt so handsomely and generously with me, I cannot but feel sensible of its action, but I thank the House, not for what it has done for me, but because its course has been to vindicate the liberty of speech in this House--(cheers)-to set its face againot petty tyranny and to tell the persons who have tried to ereet a depotism here that they may tread on some things, but cannot tread upon the soul of a free Parliament. (ChOeers.) Having said this much, I have a much more pleasing duty. If the words I eused the otherday, and which I never would have withdrawn for any penalty; becbuausc, whatever a majority can do, a majority can never degrade me. (Hear, hearq A ma jority cannot diminish my iafluenoe in the country. (Hoar, hear.) A majority canenot. take away that widespreatd support which the labours of a generation halve built up for me in all parts of this country. (Hear, hear.) But I have thie pleasure of saylng this: That if the words I used gave personal offence to any single member of this House, after my explanation, I express my sorrow, and I apologise td the per¾ sons ao injured. (Cheers.) . I certainly do not wish to wound any oembor's feelings. I e?n-; tainly wish to live in peace with all meoif I can; but if my whole nature is harrassed and torn by unreasonable conduct, while I have breaoth I will protest agaitnst it-while I have strength I will resent it. (Hoeur, hear.) I have nothing more to say, except to repeat that if I have offended the feelings of any member, I regret it extremenly, and offer him every apology. (Cheers.) Sir Patrick JI'nnings said he found it necessary to say that he accepted the tpology, anid that it had been given in a very lhandsono way. Hd moved that Mr. Wisdom be discharged front custody. Mr. Wisdom was triumpbantly released, and the House adjourned till Friday afternoon, having wasted Thursday's sitting altogether and not havintg passed a single additional estimate. 