THE BAPTIST CIIURCR." The anniversary of the Bnpti.it Church, Annealey-streot, was brought to n uniiSt sue-! cessful conclusion last evening by a toa and | public meeting in the Tomperance Hnll, . '('lie tables wore woll laid with an ample atore of aUkirids of choice pastry, suitable for such occasions, which were supplied by Mr Snell, of Heygarili-street. There was also an ex traordinavy number of extremely handsome bouquets of the most beautiful productions of the flower gardeus and conservatories, which not only diffused a rich fragrance-throughout the room, but added considerably to the ap pearance of the feast. Many a garden must have been dispoiled to have provided such a supply. Thero was a very large attendance of Kuests, all the tables being fully occupied, and judging by the appearance of the tables at the close of the repast, the eftorts of the caterer had been much appreciated. The following Indies presided at tho tables : - Mesdames W. Smith, Vines, Bartletfc, B. Smith, Lyoll, Forbes, Jenkins, and Fosdyke, assisted by VI uses Phillips, tiyoll, Bartlett. Murray, Vines, Smith, Horsnell, Rielly, and Fosdyke (2). There was no lack of anything, and an abundance left over. The feast over, the guests retired for a fow minutes to allow the tables to be removed and tho hall reset for THE PUBLIC MEETING. The hall was very well filled. Hie proceed ings commenced by tho singing of a hymn and an appropriate prayer. Rev. Mr Corbet, in a brief manner, thanked those ladies and gentlemen who had contributed to the happiness of tho gathering, more especially Mr Hartshorn, who had post poned the concert which had been arranged for that snmo evening ; ho hoped all would Bhow their appreciation of such kindness, • because it was for a laudable obiect. Rev. Mr Chapman then addressed the meeting, and after referring to the departure from the usual routino by having but one speaker, said ilmt ho had felt snnio difficulty j and doubt how to proceed. However, after ! much study ho decidtd that lie would speak to them 011 the subject of spiritual knowledge) There were some people in tho world who Baid they knew God, and others who obviously did not. The sanio with the Holy Ghost and Jesus Christ. There were peoplo who said they knew Jesus Christ, and spoko to him j now how could they account for the know ledge of the one and the ignorance of fhe other? It was quite certain some had the spiritual knowledge, and the question was how did they get it.. Many religious men wora puzzled over the question. Now ho thought they had a good way mark to guide thenl. In the 10th chapter of Matthew they would re.\d that Jesus asked his disciples Whom do men say that I am ? and they gave the remarkable answer " Thou ure the Christ." That was spiritual knowledge, and Jesus said it had came by a particular method; that was the key to the question. Peter had had no vision ; God had not told him in so many words, but in some particular manner, not easily understood. How did Peter dis cover that Jesus was the Christ ? There were certain facts placed beforo Poter and he s;iw that behind these were certain reasons and laws deductible therefrom. This was illus ' trated by the story of Newton and tho falling apple ; behind that fall was the law of gravi tation. Peoplo of this ^ century bad discovered what was called the corolation of forces—lhat is that all tho dif ferent forces wore changeable, all branches of our force ; nobody had ever discovered that till this century. So everybody, saw Jesus, but did not discover anything behind this till Peter doclared that ho was tho Christ. They remembered the discoveries, but generally forgot tho instrument makers. For ovory great discovery they .required an instrument and a mail who knew how to use it. The same with spiritual knowledge ; they had a faculty, but if they failed to use it they would nover discover the facts in the same way as Peter. Every man could discover tha Jcsuu was the Christ if he used his faculty. Men of science discovered variouH things by appropriate instruments. Whiifc was that faculty in men by which they would discover—it was not by the senses nor by tho intollect. Some would say that lhat was a hard Baying ; but there was another faculty—everyone know right or wrong, good and evil; behind the good thero was the everlasting " ought," and behind-tlio evil tlievo was' tlio almighty " ought not"— that was discovered by the moral and spiritual man. The subject might bo a little abstruBe, but tliuy could follow it out at their leisure. He could not show that Jesus was the Chrip.t, through his reasou no more titan the astronomer could show the moons of Jupiter through a microscope, uur the animalculto in water through a telescope. Every difl'orent kind of science had its pe culiar factor, but they could only know God through tho heart, not through tlio senses or the intellect. The bible declared that Jesus was the Christ, but at tho same timo it shid no man enn see or know God oxcept by the Holy GliOBt. Ho that would look for spiritual knowledgo through his spiritual self would soon seo the truth, as Peter saw it. He would not say that reason lmd nothing to do with religion—on the contrary, it had a great deal to do with it, but tw to saying that Jcbus was tho Ohrist to whom they could commit thoir whole life, present and future, that wan only attained through the heart. Thoro was a lot of lot of: cant about scientific men boing opposed to religion, tut that vtas not true, liven were it ti ue, it did not follow that intellectual greatness was beyond moral greatness. Tho natural man know nothing of tho spirit,of God, be cause the'spiritual faculty waB not developed: in him. Everybody had the .faculty if lie would only use it. God would not jud^uu man who had not tho faculty. But .every man had it, and they had got to usejit. They had to decido the matter for .-themselves'; if they came to think of it they would sue in it two things—olio that tliey were sinners, and the other that Christ was the Saviour, and he trusted that tliuy would all see it in that light. Tho collection was then taken uiv and lite appeal was liborally responded to. In conclusion, the l!hairii!.>n announced that thrt Booond £5000 hid: beetiLsubsoiibed ' to tlio Baptist Church fund, and hy.thanlted thfc Echuca ohuroh- for iti liberality in that, matter. ■ The Benediction • was thon", pronounced, and the meeting closed. During ihe evenint! the choir , sting uolec tione from. f Tho Chiistian Choir;'! .Misa Corbet protiding at tho organ kindly lout'by Mr SmitlieiB. . • 