PHELAM HAPPY BUT LAME. " Good ayening, Phelan, how is ifaiy, Ann an'yourself ?" said Michael O'Rourke -: s the two friends met at O'Phesey's place up in Dolittle Alley. / •• : - "Oh ! we are well, thank ye, Moike. In fact, Oi moight say, loife is fvorth the livin' wance more, an' Oi fale as lighthearted as apalf in a tin acre lot.. 'You see the skatin' -rinks have all closed', an' v • now-Mary Ann is continued to stay be the house an', cook.me males for me. Nivertheless, Moikc, wid every , bit of swate there is always a certain amount av bitter, an' bo me soul, Oi .got mdy share lasht noight, ah' Or am that lame tli^Oi fale as if a strate car had run over me purson." '' Phat was it, Phelan, , that made ye lame ? Oi hope it is nothing serious," said Michael, in a sympathetic tone of •voice"...- . .. " '. T, . Y ".Oh, it was something serious, Moike, 'V an' if ye will be aisy, Oi will tell "you howit happened. Do you remimber hot long me son Edward, the dude, an'Patsy, troid to scare me be pretendin' that there waS burglars in the house ?" . " Oi do that same, for ye come;up here to O'Phesey's the rieit day an'tould the gang abute it," replied .Michael. ' " Well," continued Plielan, "'aOitould. yez thiny in the foight that tuk place,- the" • three av us fell upon Patsy's bull pup,; an' he gave up the ghost widout' a struggle. Yisterday Patsy " brought- home another .. brute av the sanie koind, a brother or \ .sister av the wan he lost, Oi believe, an'. turned it loose in the "back yardl Mary Ann called me attintion to the dog whin Oi wint home at noon, butrdogs niver take to me somehow,. an' Oi didn't cultivate his acquaintance, .Lasht noight aftcF supper Mary Ann said that she was going over to your house for, a little whoile an' axed me wud Oi go along, biit Oi decloined, sayin' that Oi had. some wood to saw. She left, an' aftlier Oi had finished slnnokin' me poipe, Oi wint out in the yard afther a stick- av cord wood, which Oi. intended to fetcKintb the wood-shed. Oi had got no farther than the cinter av -the yard whin Oi saw a whoite strake comin- at me, an' Oi jumped asoide jist in ~ toime to have, it go^ by widout stroikin' ' me. Me moind was made up ina minute, an' Oi knew that unless Oi|cloiined something moighty suddent, Oi wouldn't hav« a whole pair av pants on me body. A The . dog was betune me an' the woodshed, an* so Oi skinned roight up on top av^a-board . fence. Now, there is a brick barn next : to the fihee, 1 wid only" a space, av abute ." six inches betjine the two, an' in me haste ' to get beyant the reach av the dog, . .bpth-' me legs got wedged into that space an' there Oi 'stuck., ' Oi niver realized befure how lonesome. Oi c<?uld be widout, Mary Ann for company. V Oi troied ^to coax the dog be talldiig baby talk to-him, but he wouldn't have it that way. Irery toime , ; .that-Oi opened j^e'mouth iie. opened- Jiis. * too^ and let- a growl that made the . cold ^ cliills crawl up riie back: -Oi "called for . help but nobody-was; rOund to hear me, an 1 fo^three long hours Oi Tvas obliged to - remain in tli^t position. Finally-Mary Ann came home, an' on hearing me velJ^ -. came out in the yard. . -.In less toime-than it takes to tell, that bloomin' pup .had Mary Ann treed on top av tlie 'Wsod-jjile, > ^ a&! thin he sat lumself in the. middle fav. - :; the yard, ail' showed his teetli as though . he was laugMri^Jat us. Oi looked overat;' me woife an' sez^Oi. - . 'Mary Ann, me love, are ye aisy-on v the^copd wood?' . ~ - Ye fee Oi -wanted to appear oheer-' fill?'.'. , . . < ' Am Oi aisy, is^it?' sez she, * Jist. ye wait till Oi get .outen thisj an' Oi'll fill..; tha.t dbg so full ay poison tliat. lie will , tliiiik; lie has sthruck a- rough on lata' ' factory.' • - " - v . > * ' Did ye ai me to wait-till ye got outen this ? sez Oi in a jockin' way. 1 Oi did,-! sez she, ' an if .ye had a bit av pluck abute ye, ye wud come oil the fince an' baste.the pup over the head . wid" a brick.' . : , That is all very noice to say,' sez Oi, , ' but pi am'that fasht 4jetune the fince an' the bani that Oi can't stir aither . fut.' . . • ; ; . ' " At this moment Patsy came out to See' pliat was upi an' whin-he discovered tlie two av us'treed be tlie dog, he "called Eddie, an? they gave, us the Siugh. Patsy called off the.dog, an' Maay Ann -crawled down, but they were obliged to knock, off . three hoards befure Oi could get off of the fince. Oi informed Patsy that- aither the dog would have to lave or Oijwnd feed him on dynaniite, an' explode him be hittin' him wid a brick. 