BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK IETTEE. "We are about to scalp tlie Mormons for maintaining a loose matrimonial codeaccording to our system of ethics. Yet day after day things come to light in this goodly city, on ■which matters at Salt Lake are quite an im provement. Wives are taken and dropped ■with as much impunity as a pair of old shoes, and hn6bands are parted without a mo ment's notice, and in nine cases out of ten, the woman fails to better her con dition, but on the contrary, she frequently abandons home and children to follow some vagabond, who eventually casts her off. But one of the queerest arrangements turned up in our sister city of Brooklyn, which, as usual, furnishes me with the bulk of my interesting items. In the city of churches and Henry Ward Beecher lived a comfortable couple who had been married eighteen years. Contrary to all experience, the marriage had been an exceedingly happy one. Mrs. M. thought her husband a teapot, and Mr. M. thought his wife was a daisy. About two years ago Mrs. M. was taken ill, and partial paralysis incapacitated her from attending to her household duties, so she sent for her friend Mrs. X. to come and take care of her house and her husband. Mrs. X. was a widow whose husband had crossed the Styx some five years before, leaving her in somewhat straitened circum stances. She was a most esiimable person to look upon, and she nursed her sick friend with a devotion that certainly did her very great credit. At last it became evident to Mrs. M. that the land of the golden slippers was not far off, so she summoned her husband and the widow to her bedside and gave them her blessing, and told them that the best thing Ihey could do was to get married at once and be bappy. This exactly met the views of the widow X. and Mr. M. So without waiting for the unimportant formality of Mrs. M. making her final exit, they repaired to the nearest Methodist parsonage, when the min ister, seeing they were both of ase, tied the holy knot, and received two dollars and a half, and seventy-five cents for the certificate, not to mention a kiss of the bride thrown in. Mrs. M's case was hopeless, and after the marriage 6he was removed to the hospital, where last week she died. All the time she was in the hospital her husband paid the ex penses, but at her death her brother claimed her body aud refused to let her husband at tend the funeral, but after the funeral was over he sent the husband a bill for the funeral expenses. The husband re'used to settle the bill as they had not allowed him to attend the funeral, so the brother had hint arrested for bigamy, though his sister, who wa9 the injured parly, if there was any in jury, was safe in the promised land 5 but big amy is bigamy, even if a ghost is the complainant, and Mr. M. and widow X. have States prison staring them in the face, though everybody immediately connected is perfectly satisfied except the brother, whose only injury was §87*50 for his sister's funeral. It is no uncommon tiling for three or foul widows to turn up at the Surrogate's Court— of men well ksown in the community, and many of whom up to the time of their deaths, were supposed to be leading most exemplary lives. Looking back a few years, a man as well known as Burton the actor left three or four widows, every one of whom seemed to have a legitimate claim to the property. Marcus Cicero Stanley, the lottery man, left two widows, each one claiming to be the original Jacob. Davis, the gambler and sawdust uian, who was killed while trying to rob a Texan, had two wives, and each of them de clared lie was a most exemplary and affec tionate husband ; and it is only a short time ago since I reported the death of an eminent New York merchant who was known by one name at his office in New York for twenty I years, and by another name at his private residence in Brooklyn, where he Tesided "with his wife, who swore after his death that she never heard of his New York name, and on his will being presented for probate his real wife, whom he had abandoned twenty-five years before, appeared and established her identity by her marriage certificate and other eollaieral proofs. Her husband had accumu lated a fortune of $300,000, and ever since he had deserted her she had maintained herself and her children by washing. The remarkable part of the story is, that they were living not a half a mile apart and had never met or heard of each other in all these years. It is a satisfaction to know that wife No. 1 got the great bulk of the fortune. She left her wash tubs and took possession of one of her late husband's brown stone houses—furnished it magnificently, got a seal akin sacque, a camel hair shawl, a pair of diamond earrings, and a j widow's veil at seven dollars a yard. She took a front pew in a fashionable church and i is a prominent patron of Sunday Schools and Foreign Missions, and now all the seedy old bachelors and impecunious widowers are going for the ricli widow. Wife number two, who was perfectly innocent of any wrong doing, and who had been a faithful wife to the dead man for over twenty years, was not left wholly destitute. She" had secured §30,000 during her husband's life, and a com fortable home besides, so that she would be no bad oatch for any batchelors or widowers who are lying around loose. This is a perfect paradise for female swind lers ; no sooner is one disposed of than another takes her place, and our best hotel keepers are generally their victims, though banters and brokers are not beneath their attentions. It is only a few months since a lady from the south charmed a dozen board ing house keepers and a large circle of admir ing acquaintances at each place, as she sang with exquisite power, and was an artist in crayon and oil of no mean ability. But with all of her talents and accomplishments, she was a swindler and a thief, and taking advan tage of the confidence reposed in her she pur loined rings, breast pins, and all such trifles as were left lying about her friends' rooms— and after working a house to its utmost capa city, she generally left. At last a noted de tective wa8 set upon the case, and the result was the arrest of the unfortunate woman, whose baggage being searched disclosed over 200 pawn tickets for all sorts of things, whieh she had stolen. W hen the detective arrested her she asked permission to step into an in ner room to arrange her bonnet, where she swallowed a dose of strychnine and was dead before aid could reach her. The latest is the wife of a dead English Jjord. She gave a couple of sharp old ladies some worthless cheques in payment for her board, and as a natural consequence brought up in gaol. It would seem that this class of adventurers are seldom without friends. A very fine lady went through a dozen hotels here, living at the rate of a hundred to a hundred and fifty dollars a week. None but the best apartments suited her, and she rode from place to place, not in an ordinary turn out, but in a private carriage, with coachmen and footmen in livery, so that everybody thought she was rolling in wealth. At last the calls for the payment of bills became pressing, when all once the hotel was startled by the announcement that- the lady's room had been entered and $10,000 worth of dia monds had been stolen. Waiters were sailed tip and examined ; chambermaids were over hauled ; bell boys were scrutinized, but nothing was found. Just in the nick of time s detective dropped in and gobbled the lady, when her list of swindles appeared longer than the moral law. Just as matters were coming to a head a kind-hearted old gent, was induced by her daughter to come forward and settle all her bills, and she walked out of the court a free woman, though at one time it appeared as if she would land in penitentiary. The equitable division of the Vanderbilt property has caused a drop in the market from two to five per cent. There appears to be no special reason for this but the chronic cussed ress of the brokers. The executors have a year and half to settle the affairs, and the securities are of such an extended character it is probable that the major portion of them will be held by the family, and if there was any likelihood of the market being disturbed, there is no doubt that a syndicate would be formed inside of twenty-four hours to hold the market firm. Marvellous indeed are the winter displavs that are now crowding the streets. Never be fore in my memory has the display of goods been so beautiful and lavish. It is gratifica tion to know that many of the most beautiful goods in the market are of American manu facture. Our schools of design are making themselves felt in every department of art, giving employment to thousands whose lives might otherwise be passed in hopeless drud gery. The weather has been most trying, alterna ting between moderate summer and keen winter. Great preparations for Santa Claue, and for the little ones—a good time coming. 