NEEDLES: Short, Sharp, Shiny. Mere bullying. Read on the railings. Good gold at Uloloo. Ebby caught napping. Wool market still firm. It was, it was the Catt! "Down-trodden toads." Electric fairy head lights. More fighting in Burmah. "Iolanthe" a big success. Recidivates for Madagascar. Big Ben has delivered himself. "I am not addressing you, sir." Who prepared the pill for Ebby? Big proprietors to be "bust up." Giffen seven wickets for 20 runs. Mr. Catt has an eye on big estates. Paddy rode his high horse yesterday. Caldwell on things of the turf, turfy. Mr. Bray had all his quotations ready. The unemployed are at "work" again. A big railway smash-up in Tasmania. Johnny was one too many for Ebenezer. "Social and Parliamentary unanimity." Land in the United States being fast mopped up. Coglin once won £30 on a race. Never betted since. The Australians have beaten Lord March's team. The unemployed won't leave Mr. Furner in peace. France is going to send recidivistes to Mada- gascar. Mr. Hawker poured oil on the troubled waters. Competition increasing in the London wool market. Ward calmed by Hawker, but inflamed by Downer. Is Mr. Catt going to burst up the big estates? General Owen is wrestling with the military estimates. Was not wily Mr. Bray's hand manifested yesterday? Mr. Landseer was "contemplating" again yesterday. There has been another banquet to colonists in London. Tasmanian Ministers and pressmen bruised and battered. Some colonists have been well treated by our Agent-General. The eastern suburbs are to have a new building society. Mr, Burgoyne treated the House to Phillips Ponds yesterday. The Government Geologist is visiting the Northern Territory. Sir 'Enry Parkes has actually apologised for a statement he made. Mr. Ward apparently wants to manage the finances of the colony. Plenty of clergymen in the Speaker's gallery to hear totalizator talk. Our yearly revenue returns, £2,248,146; those of Victoria, £6,416,405. The New South Wales Customs Bill has been passed in the Assembly. Sir P. Cunliffe Owen wants the Colonial Museum at Kensington. Ministers of the Crown injured by the Tas- manian railway accident, Mr. Coglin rides a horse on of which on a pinch he can knock 11 knots. Graham Berry wants the French marines withdrawn from the New Hebrides. The last slave sold in Virginia in the spring of 1865 for 100 head of cabbage plants. "The present state of affairs is a disgrace to civilisation and common Christianity." Dalley's bust is to be placed in the New South Wales Legislative Council Chamber. Ninety-seven people in New South Wales own 7,000,000 acres between them in fee simple. An increase in emigrant rates from San Francisco to China has caused a halt in travel in that direction. New York city has now over 10,000 liquor saloons. The number of places in which food can be bought is 7,19 A young woman tried several pipes of opium in a Chicago den kept by a Chinaman, and died soon afterwards from the effects of the drug. Four thousand acres of land near Red Bluff, California, have been purchased by an English syndicate, which purposes locating an English colony thereon. At Griffin, Georgia, lately, a man who had been mayor of the city, and one of its most prosperous and most popular citizens, died a pauper in its poorhouse. Drink did it. A suggestion is put forward for the raising of two Canadian regiments, one to be stationed at Halifax, the other at Esquimalt. This might in a few years be developed into a brigade. Esquimalt, it is stated, will soon be but 20 days from Hongkong, and 14 only from Port Hamilton. Those species of birds like the ostrich, which have not developed the ability to fly, but use their wings mainly to assist in running or swimming, have flat breasts, while the species marked by great power of wing have developed a keel-shaped breast for a particular arrange- ment of the muscles. A Paris correspondent learns that M. Pasteur has received a telegram from Dr. Davidoff, of Smolensk, announcing that the wolf-bitten Russians who recently returned to their country arrived in excellent health and full of gratitude for the kind attention they had met with at the great savant's hands. Lord Sudeley has remitted to the tenants upon his Montgomeryshire estate 20 per cent. of their rents. The laborers and workmen upon the estate who lately petitioned for sufficient allotments of land for the keep of a cow have just had their request practically acceded to, and have been busy dressing the land. The quinquennial assessments show a con- siderable increase in the gross and ratable value of London. The gross value at the previous quinquennial assessment in 1880 was £4,176,477. It is now £4,510,754, being an increase of £334,277. The ratable value has increased from £3,542,455 to £3,754,242, an addition of £211,837. Most toads and frogs produce their young from the egg, but in several instances the progeny are brought forth alive. When the period of incubation has passed the young toad breaks out of his shell in the same manner that a chicken does. The special distinction between frogs and toads is in the excessive development of the hinder legs in frogs. For years the French officers' necks have been held stiff as if in a vice by the horrid black leather garotting stock they call the Col-carreau. It has now been abolished by order of General Boulanger. His power is not over the whole of the French army, but the accep- tance for one section, it is calculated, means its necessary acceptance for the whole army ere long. The Greeks believed that those who had not received funeral rites would be excluded from Elysium; and thus the wandering shade of Patroclus appears to Achilles in his sleep and demands the performance of his funeral. The younger Pliny tells the story of a haunted house in Athens, in which a ghost played all kinds of pranks owing to his funeral rites being neglected. Sir Henry Morgan Vane, secretary to the Charity Commissioners since 1853, died re- cently at his house in Eaton-place. He was the son of the late Mr. John Henry Vane, and was born November 29, 1808, was called to the bar at the Inner Temple in 1843, and was created a knight bachelor in 1883. Sir Henry was heir presumptive to the Barony of Barnard. The Cologne Gazette announces a case of almost unexampled fruitfulness in the family of a Rhinelander named Navsack, residing ah Niehl. Within 11 months the wife of Herr Navsack has twice presented him with an ad- dition to the family, consisting each time of trio of infants. The mother and six youngsters are thriving as well as can be expected in the cottage of a poor day laborer. Manitoba barley is rapidly attracting atten- tion in outside markets, and like Manitoba wheat, it is in many cases reported as of a very high standing. It is therefore concluded that there will be a strong and increasing de- mand for this cereal, and farmers are urged to pay more attention to its cultivation in the future. The soil and climate are generally conceded to be excellently adapted to its growth. The Frome fireworks fizzle. Ebby pre- paring for the next election. Frome must have her E. Ward; that's the real trump card. Says Ebby, with usual effrontery— "I tell you, my friends, on me it depends To say how we may save the country." Tho' the weather was dry, little J.B. the sly, His touch-paper wet with a drizzle; Poor Ebby subsided, his wisdom derided, His fireworks gave out with a fizzle. 