J'unch'r advice to some of our councils who won raise the needful is—leave them a-loan. WHEN we hear of people pr.iying for rain, it is not generally known that the majority of them ar milkmen MK. VALE thinks " the danger we have to fear is not invasion by a fleet, but by a large force." What is going to bring the " large force ? " BRITONS hold your own," wrote the poetlaureate. He will, no doubt, add when he learns of the annexation of New Hebrides—" or France will hold it for you." THE Australian Eleven have succecded in beating the Gentlemen of England. \Vc are in a beating humour at present, and all other previous publications will be beaten by Punch's Socialities foi 1SS6, which will be published shortly. MTT. Whixon has discovered that no man has " suffered " more from his party than Mr. Gillies. If Mr. Wrixon had put it the other way—that 110 party had "suffered" more for a man than for Mr. (JillieB—he would have been very near tbe mark WASN'T it Minerva who sprang, full grown, from the brain of her sire ? By an advertisement in Tuesday's Age we learn of a Minerva among cows Here it is : " FOUND, newly-calved Cow, red and white, branded B near side." A WILLIAMSTOWN resident has been fined £2 tv-ith two guineas cost for biting a neighbour's |inge>.\ Serves him right, if only on account of his ignorance—the idea of a man not knowing the difference between an apple and a neighbour's first Pshaw ! "QUEEN BEE" in last week's Australasian gives a recipe for raised have pie. If we wanted to learn anything about raising hair we wouldn't go to Queen Bee. We'd consult a ghost or a North American Indian, or Mr. Plough, the president of the Servants' Union. THE last report of the temporary home for lost and starving dogs in London stated that during the past year 25,578 dogs were admitted. Of tlie.se 25,282 o&uie; from the Metropolitan po \ Dear, dear, who'd have thought there were as many curs as that in the foorce. This, from a daily, is not bad in the way of an advertisement "VONIDJJR. MBHBISN.-OU the 5th June, atJlrisbane, Queensland, the wife of Professor H. C. Von Der Mehden cornet soloist and musical director Faust Family Star SpecuUty Combination, of a sou. English, New Zealand and San Francisco papers please copy." We presume that the combination will visit the places that are to be " please copied eh 1 " Pkople may talk," said our red-nosed mail, as the pavement rose up and hit him on the face " about the striking scenery at Fernshaw. I'd like to know if Fernshaw can lick Bourke-street for striking scenery when there's an earthmiake wanderin round loose." Then he picked up i his teeth and went home. A FACT.—There is a very stout young gentleman courting a very stout young lady in Prahian who has a little brother. The latter has a scrap-book which he at night, after gumming in his tit-bits, pute it m a chintz cover, so as to resemble a cushion - this he puts on the Y. G.'s chair, and so has them pressed. Inventive this, is it not ? Is Mr. Shiels any relation to Sir H. Boyle Roche'' 1 his sounds like it. "Mr. Service dropped his mantle on to the brow of the lion, member for Bouncy. Perhaps, after all, Mr. Shiels was tke » lodest > ^tiring nature of Mr. Allies Mr. Service might have put his overcoat in that somewhat unusual position to hide the poor fellows blushes when he found greatness thrust upon him. FBOM the Rev Wyatt Gill's "Jottings in the Pacific we gather that in Nanonianga "the principal objects of admiration are the skulls and jawbones of the dead." Evidently they love peace and quietness in Nanomanga. They know a thine or tw 0 m Nanomanga. They wait to worship those jawbones unti the fellow's dead who owned them Ihey don t believe in'giving those owners six notes exe much i ' clsni 6 those jawbones in life. Not SERVED him right.~A man named Michael Prendergast the other night went into the watchhouse and asked for a drink of water and became, He was th ™ S « e next morning fined £2, m default a month's imprisonment What an ignorant fellow Mike must be, to go to the lock-up for water. Now, had he been a sensib e man and really wanted water, why the dickens t h e J° into the suburbs, and ask for a pennyworth of milk ? . * . '^is from the 2)a% Truthful (whose circulation ou is so-and-so) is not bad l5y " widow ladv, with onp child (3 years), situation as Lady Housekeen«r a g i S B i s a j t e a S S lefeiences. Near city preferred. Address, ^ " A servant must be kept, no children (though she possesses a three year old herself), comfortable home desired and near city preferred. Next" \- J T ^ J T 4 t H m e ) ' "'T^equestion •is to what is timber was brought before the Supremo Court yestenky in an acton of iamplS , , ™ should smile. If Canmbell an 1 Kerr don tknmv timber when they see it wh Asset)] hi \\- ni l ' ^„d outside the Legislative A^unblj ami Up the members'heads as they come out. They'd get the sound of timber and only have to pay for a common assault—say £5 or so. The South Australian Adverser, in speaking of pauper lunatic who was recently bi'ought before the Adelaide City Police Court, says that " he was sane enough except on one point, which was tested by a question." In reply to a question, among other things, he remarked, "He had been tried by a jury." As far as this portion of his hallucination is concerned, we consider that any man who has had the privilege of having his case tried before a jury has much to be thankful for. Now, if he had been tried before a judge alone, he would have had all the sympathy we can spare just now. The Camperdown factory (says an exchange) closes on Saturday, the management having found it unprofitable to continue further this season preserving operations. We should think so. We should hardly imagine there'd be such a public demand for operations as to make it worth while preserving them. When we consider that any man who really hankers after an operation has nothing to do but get himself taken to the casualty ward of the Melbourne Hospital and have his leg or arm taken off,or a piece taken out of his skull,free gratis and for nothing, it is hardly likely anybody would be fool enough to pay for an operation. Moreover, the hospital operation would be a fresh one. It is hardly likely anyone would purchase a preserved peration when he could geta fresh one for nothing. Most people, and as a matter of fact, we ourselves, have always been under the impression that the medical students of our University are overlowing with conviviality and liveliness, and that hen they are not gracing the gallery at a theatre nd singing comic songs they are carrying on high inks among themselves. This idea, however, is ot quite correct, for in an account of a recent eeting of these young gentlemen we learn that the major portion of the evening was taken up with the reading of papers on "Iridectomy," "Enistaxis' and " Pharmacy." What a cheerful evening must have been spent. We think that at the next gathering opportunity should be taken to perform an operation or two upon some of the guests. If this Iridectomy business continues, the old saying " As funny as a funeral," will have to retire m favour of the newer one, "As funny as a medical students meeting." THE people of Woodend are good at joining societies and forming clubs, but, somehow or other? the enthusiasm that prevails at the initiation of these institutions fails to be very lasting after the first novelty has worn off. The dramatic club does not flourish, but that is, doubtless, because the young men of the district have taken to the cultivation of some more manly pursuit. The football club seems to have collapsed also this season, but the rifle club seems to be flourishing with daily increasing vigour. The reason of this is not far to seek, as the spirited youth of that locality decline to participate in amusements quite devoid of risk, and consequently uninteresting, and have given their minds to rifle shooting, this pursuit being, m tbe words of old Jorrocks, "the himage of war, with honly fifty per cent, of the danger,"and this fully accounts for the falling off in the pursuit of safer and less exciting,^nodes of amusement, Ihey have not, as yet, shot any one, or done any damage, but while there's life there's hope, and it may come yet, to add to the charms of their popular sport. 