MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. NOVEL BY ADELINE SERGEANT, authoress of " jacobl's wife," etc. [Ail Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER, LI.—What Cicely Said. " Do you know, daddy, I've something to tell you." " Have you, Will ? Out with it then." " I wonder whother you'll bo angry," said Will, reflectively. Giles Kinglake laughed. "I don't feel as if I could be angry with anybody to- day," he said. For the weary while of his imprisonment had come to its natural end. Carnforth's story had exonerated liim; the prison doors had opened—he was free once more. And this was the first day of his return home, and he was devoting himself to Will whom ho had not seen since the day of hia arrest. As fi.r Will, it seemed as if lie never could be tired of gazing ftt his father with admiring, loving eyes, of holding his hand, and being cradled in Kinglake's strong arms. No one wus ad mitted to their conference. They sat in the library, and rejoiced in each other's presonco, and were oblivious of the outer world. Will, at least, was oblivious; his father, perhaps, not so much so. Giles was somewhat changed front his old self. There wero more lines upon his brow, more grey hairs mingling with the brown of his hair and beard than before that dreary sojourn of his in Newgate. lie had lost flesh, and looked like a man who had under gone a considerable trial of nerve and spirit. His friends wanted him to go abroad and take a long holiday, but lie had returned them somewhat doubtful and discouraging answers. " I have a lot of time to make up," ho said, with a shake of his head. " One has plenty of spare time in Newgate, but one doesn't feel inclined to sit down and write a book there. Better if one did. But I'm all behind, and must wake up, for Master Will's sake." With Will in his arms, however, he looked like himself again. And as thoy sat thus, Will had mentioned, with some show of re luctance and reserve, that ho had a thing to say unto his father. "Go on then," said Giles. "Daddy, you're quite sure you love me?" " Quite." " Bettor than anybody in the world ?' " Well—yes." " That's all right," said Will, ill a reassured tono. "Then you won't mind what I'm going to tell you. Father, Miss Cicely Lorraine camo to seo me when you were away." " Very kind of her, Will." "I don't think that it was kind at all," said Will sturdily. " Eh 1 Why not, old boy V " Becauso it was all her fault,'1 said Will, with a sudden catch in his voice; "becauso if you hadn't been going to soo her, you novor would have beon accused of killing anybody, n.iirl— "Will." Tho boy stopped short at the sound of his father's voice; it was quiet, calm, gontlo as usual, but it was also grave and culd. IIo caught his breath again, and listened. "Will. Novor lot me hear you say any such thing again. It is foolish; itis unmanly; it is ungentloman-liko. Miss Lorraine to blame, indoed ! Why, my dearlittlo lad, you must bo dreaming." His gravity died away; ho laughod a little as ho concluded, and kissed tho boy's fore hoad. "You're an absurd littlo monkey," he said. " But, I told liorso," said Will in whispor. "Told her so? Told her that it was her fault V "Yes, father." There was a little silence. Will dared not look at his father's face. Tho pauie soemed like an eternity to him. "Oh," said Giles presently. TI1011 in a dry tone—" 1 supposo you apologised after wards." "No, I didn't," Will answered still below his breath. " And I don't want to, either." Ho rathor expected to find himself put down out of his father's arms upon the sofa after that rosponse; perhaps he would have been under other circumstances, but Giles could not be angry with him just then. " So you've left that part of the business for me to do, havo you ?" ho said, somewhat grimly, after another pause. " You, father i" " Of course. If you won't apologise for rudeness to a lad}', 1 must." And Giles stretched out his hand for a Bheet of writing paper. It was only a feint on his part, for lie could not have written without putting Will away from his knee, and he lnade no attempt to do this. But Will was of course doceived. " Oh, daddy," he cried, " 1"11 do it. I'll tell her I'm very aorry." "And I hope you are very sorry," said Giles, trying to manage a littlo severity of tone. "Yes—I think so." Will was ovidently not very Bure. "But —daddy—wasn't it really true 1" " Certainly not. No more than it waa your own fault, Will. Who begged me to go down to Ladywell to prosont Miss Lorraino with that rosary ? Tho matter came in tho natural course of events; nobody was 'to blamo' for it. Come, my boy, don't cry." For Will had suddonly burst into tears, and was clinging to his fathor's neck as if he could nover bear to let him go. Kinglako folt re morseful for the words which ho himself had spoken without very much thought; and did not leave off petting and soothing tho boy till he was calm again. By and by, howevor, he loi Will on to talk littlo moro about Miss Lorraino. " Was Miss Lorraine very much vexed with you ?" he asked. " No, I don't think so," said Will. " Sho cried. But we got to be very good friends, although 1 didn't apologiso, father. I asked her to come again." " I shouldn't think she did—if you had been so impertinent." " Oh, but sho did. Sho liked comiug. She liked talking about you, daddy." Giles kept silence. " Sho said," continued Will, clingly lov ingly to his father's neck, " that sho thought you were tho best man in all the world. And ao you arc." '* Far from it, Will." "Yesyounro. And she thinks so too. But I could not help telling her what I thought." "I'm very sorry you did that, Will," said Giles, gravely ; although ho little guojaed the lengths to which Will had gono in the com munication of his views to Cicely. " It was no business of yours, you know. Miss Lor raine is a friend of mine." "Yes, so she said," murmured Will. " And I told her you said she was a sweet and gracious lady." "You're a sad chatterbox," said his father. " I shall havo to make humblo apologies to Miss Lorraine, I seo, for your indiscretions." And then ho changed the subject, but he did not easily forget what Will had said. lie had had a good deal to think of during tho last few days ; a succession of events of the greatest interest to him had naturally occupied much of his attention. His own release had of course been one of them ; there had also been Lady Eleanor's disap pearance from Ladywcll, and Clifford Var grave's death, caused by hits murderous attempt to drown his enemy, Philip Lorraine, i Then he had learnt that Lady Eleanor was ill at Henslcy's Hotel, and that Mrs. Le Breton was nursing her ; and that Philip, if not actually in attendance, was at any-rate always at the same place. In this case he could not wonder that he had heard nothing very lately from Ladywell; he had not seen Philip since the day when he had been obliged to attend in order to give certain evidence to the authorities, and oven Mr. I Anthony Lorraine seemed to have forgotten hira. Of course Gicely could not write. Ho j 4jd j)o£ want to hear from J]er( !)p told him self uneasily ; it would be better for him to hear no moro of any of the Lorraines or of Laclywell ; he would go abroad with Will, and make himself happy in some out-of-the way part of Europe, whero nobody would interfere with tho quiet life that he loved. The south of Franco ; Italy ; Cairo ; places such a3 these, would suit Will and himself. Ho was decidedly out of tune ; a change would do him all the good in the world. He gave his orders to Hannah ; he imbued Will with a wild desiro to travel in foreign lands ; he began to pack up his books and paper?. And then tho thought took posses sion of hiin that he could not leavehis native country without saying farewell to Ladywell. Was it to Ladywell, or to one of its inhabi tants ? Ho did not say a word to Will about his expedition. But one afternoon—by some freak of fancy ho chose the vory train by which l.e had last gone down to Ladywell— he set off for the place with which so many of his life's joys and sorrows were connected, in order to see it, as he said to himself once again—for the last time. He would never come again. He reached tho station—ho did not shirk tho familiar road, nor the well-known wood which would henceforth be known as tho scene of Le Breton's murder by Joel Bray. As he reached the gate ho noticed that a change was already taking place. Sonio of the trees were felled—there were pilc3 of branches on the ground ; in the distance the ringing strokes of an axe could be heard. " It looks as if she meant to have it cut down,'1 said Giles to himself. " Poor Brale Wood ? 1 often searched it for birds' nests and wild orchids in the spring. It will give pleasure to nobody now, 1 suppose. There is a trail of blood over the springing grasses, and the birds have all been scared from their nests in the alder trees. Better, porhaps, that it should perish from the face of tho earth. It is strange how reluctant I feel at this moment to go down that path myself. Ouo would think that I dreaded to meet poor Le Breton's ghost at tho ond of it. I must conquer this !" (To be continual.) 