firms flranss. Resignation of Lord Chujichill. — Lord Randolph Chnvchill, the leader of the House of Commons, comes of a good fighting family aud "belongs to the party who always prefer war to peace with dishonor. It will therefore be read .with no small amount of surprise that at a very critical time he has deserted his colleagues. Rela tions between Great Britain ana Rnssia are, to say tlie least, somewliat strained : France is increasing its naval resources and. is very wrath with England about the continued occupation of Egypt, the dogs of war may at any moment be let loose, and yet Lord Churchill, a descendant of the great Dnte of Marlborough, has chosen to retire from the Cabinet. Bnt his alleged reason for so doing will create still more astonish ment. That he, of all others, should ob ject to the Army and Navy estimates which have been brought forward in order to place Great Britain in a more secure posi tion is scarcely to be credited, and we think we must go father afield for the real cause, jealousy of Lord Salisbury would appear to be the moving spirit in -this matter. Lord Churchill is believed to be one of the most ambitious members of the House of Com mons and dislikes playing second to any man. Lady Churchill is similarly affected. Hence it has been that whenever the Mar quis of Salisbury has a public meeting, Lord Churchill has been conspicuous by his absence. Itis a pity this should be so, but we fear it is only, too true. Iu the meantime, bis withdrawal from the Cabinet in which he has been playing so important a part would appear to have created some confusion, but we are not a-mnncr those who seem to think it may lead to a break-up of the present ministry, as there most be plenty of more able mpn Hi an Lord Churchill available for the filling np of the gap. The Times which considers the step taken by Lord Churchill " as ill-timedjand imprudent," recommends the formation of a - coalition ministry with the Marquis of Harrington as leader of the House of Commons. " When the present Cabinet was formed, the Marquis of Har rington was asked to join, bat refused. Since then, however, he has more widely severed his connection with Mr. Gladstone's party and it may be be will now accept office. If so, Lord Salisbury's Ministry will be more powerful than ever. The Old and the New. — It is not given to many men to be at one portion of their career, the chief magistrate -of one of the youngest towns iu tlie British Empire, and at another to occupy a similar position in almost the most ancient centre of popula tion in England. Such however, has been the distinguished honor -enjoyed by Mr. James Austin, who after being one of the Dick Wbitringtons of Geelongbas now been elected Mayor of Glastonbury, in Somer setshire, which is said to have been the residence of J oseph of Arirnathea, and the site of tlie first christian cbnrcli iu Great Britain, abDnt 60 A.D. Mr. Austin dispenses hospitality in Glastonbury. Abbey, and in this respect is a worthy successor to the monks of old, as those of Glastonbury were noted for the profuseness of their enter tainments. Some of ihem infant were rather too extravagant, for it , is said that Whiting the last abbot, ruled -over lOO monks only, but had 400 domestics to nee after their comfort. ' Whiting was hanged at Tor Hill for refusing to take the toath of supremacy to Henry VJH, on the 14th November 1539, and the monastry or- abbey- was suppressed in 1510. Since then it bas been one of those beautiful -homes of merry England, -the praises of -which have -so often been sirog in prose and verse. On Boning Day tiiere will be ho -public amusements provided in Hamilton, -theexperience gained by the promoters of theSheffield Handicap Meeting, having noted as a -check upon nllsuch enterprises. Races are to he held at Balmoral, Bochara, Caster- ton, and Tahara. There will also he athletic sports at Rentiinrst, Redruth, and WicHiffeRoad, and -doubtless, many picnic partieS -will foregather at the Nigretta cascades, tbeWannon EaUs,andthc Byadnk Caves. Rifle Shootoh!.— Id bis letter mr Byadnk correspondent alludes to the Anal competition for.the Ross -Trophy." JThe f nR scores madcpnthatocoatiDnwEce as follows, Vis i-tl ¥riser, Bl i"C.' Btewart,"78i W. Ghi5ske,'?f ;J. Wcombe;67; H. Tendons, The New Railway Commissioner, j — Our Melbonrnecorrespondnnt wri£es:-f'It j seems to hare been pretty well threshed oat in the Cabinet that Mr. Greene, Chief 3£n- ginecr of Railways, is to be the new Commis sioner of Railways. This fo in entire accord ance with the iitaaess of things Govern mental. Here is a gentleman taken away from his high professional dnties and sent to an office requiring gyift1?fifta.artiis just the opposite of those Mr. Greene possesses. Mr. Speight is .a first-class railway man from almost any standpoint, and Mr.' Ford is an able coadjutor. Bnt they both represent their departments and the Government only, | and axe ny this tame imbued with Govern ment traditions. A keen clever man of business to leaven the mass of railwayism would have been just the one to have suited the public, and the appointment would tlins have been made -popular. But in this event Government would have ran counter to its instincts. The thing must be kept in the family, so Mr. Greene is to have it. Now, I presume, there will be a scramble and heartburnings and jealousies for Mr. UririHiV a picauut uuilc< auuo iui wiuigo lovely.5' This, however, is what the Tele graph of the 24th inst. has to say upon the above subject: — " The Government have not taken any steps to appoint a Railway Com missioner, to fill the vacancy created by the decease of Mr. A. J. Agg. A contemporary gave out the news yesterday that Mr. Greene (the engineer of existing lines) had been selected, and this, like the other state ment about tlie secretaryship of the Exbibi- tion, is discovered to be the merest specula tion. This appointment, Air. Gillies says, will not be dealt with till after the holidays. Mr.Speiglit.the ch ai no anofthe Railway Com missioners, and Mr. Greene both asseverate .that the news cameupon them 'as a surprise, and that neither ofem. hairbeen -communi cated with as to the appointment. Xtcer- tainly is most improbable that Mr. Greene could have been appointed without liis own knowledge, or without Mr. Speight having been consulted.'' Temperance Meeting.— The usual monthly meeting of the Total Abstinence Society was held in the Temperance Hall on Thursday evening. Mr. Tillyer occupied the chair, and opened the meeting with a brief address, in which he referred to the approaching festive season, and the different ways people had of enjoying themselves at that time. The goose clubs of the London public -houses were an example of the foolish way in. which men who were fond of drinking spent their money, the value of the goose tbey received being but a small fraction of the money spent, while the temptation to drinking often led a man to such actious as proved him to be the greatest e goose " of the lot. An address was also delivered by Mr. Drummond, who spoke of the impor tance of having a purpose in life, and showed that, in order to carry ont that purpose, -people ought to exercise self-denial They might like intoxicants, yet that fact was no reason why tbey should indulge in the use of them. He urged them to sign the pledge and keep it during the holidays, and they would find it all the easier to keep it afterwards. The following pro gramme was also gone through : — Chorus, "Be not swift to take offence;" song, " Genevieve" Mr. iL Mead ; song, 4t Far on the deep blue sea" Mr.. H. "West- garth; recitation, "The blessings of so briety" Mr. 12. Martin ; song, " Gathering up the shells by the sea" Mr. T. Vivian ; song, " Liberty and lifer Miss Holmes ; flute duet, " Merry greenwood tree" H. Westgarth and W. Greed ; song, " When the violets bloom" bliss Keeping ; son, " Merry Christmas" Misses Sloan and Ed- zuoudson ; song, " Don't go out to-night dear father'5 Misses M'Keuzie and Cameron ; song, "Howe again" Miss E. White ; song, " In the gloaming" Mr. P. J. -Blakemore ; song, " Wearing the blue for Jesus" Miss Holmes; Chorns, " The temperance life boat"; Dialogue, "a regular Tartar, "Misses Wright and C. M'Naughton ; Messrs. W. Greed, B. Hughes, W. Monro, H. West- garth, and T. Vivian. Startling Announcement. — Tlie London correspondent of the Age would ap pear to have picked up some information that all other correspondents have over looked. He says : — Intelligence has been received that .the Russian Government has made proposals with the object of- seeming the annexation of Herat, 'and has offered in return to give to Afghanistan other territory in compensation." If this is true it would go to show that the Afghanistan Bouudary Commission was, so far as Russia was con cerned, all humbug. Farther if Great Britain is still desirous of making the Indian. Empire as easily defended as possible, it will never allow of the annexation of Herat by Russia. Lemons. — Why 011 earth asks the Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser don't people resident in suitable districts, go iu more extensively for lcmou- g rowing. That it is a profitable industry there can be no shadow of doubt. Go into any fruiterer's shop in town and yon will be charged 3d each for anything like decent lemons, " imported direct from Lisbon," the latter addition as though to account for the high price. Again, look how prolific a lemon tree is in bearing. In tbe immediate vicinity of Melbourne there is a fine garden with one lemon tree in it, and tlie proprietor assures me that he derived £15 a year for some years from that one tree. If that statement is not sufficient to induce other people to go " lemons" into the business, then I don't know what is. Mounted Rifles. — There will be no parade of the Hamilton detachment on Wed nesday, the 29th inst., in consequence of the holidays. At the commencement of the new year the officer commanding H Company will'issue an order in regard to attendance at weekly parades. It is necessary that some members of tbe corps should attend drill with greater frequency, more particu larly those for instruction In dismounted work, manual, firing, aud bayonet exercises. One parade each month in each detachment will be styled " Commanding Officer's Parade," and at this special master it is ex pected that every officer, K.C. officer, and man will strain a point to - attend. As pointed out by Colonel Price at a recent in spection of F Company : — " If the nature of a man's avocation "precludes bis attendance at drill, he cannot remain a member of a battalion such as the Victorian Mounted Rifles.55 At the same time, it is not desired to interfere with one's business obligations, aud the -effective " number of drills has therefore been fixed at the. modest sum of. twelve mounted and twelve dismounted parades in each year. This can be easily complied with by all members, and -those who have a heart in their work will, doubt less, do doable the number required to keep H Company in the proud position of "se cond to none " — which it occupies at pre sent. . The Exhibition Secretary. — Our Melbourne correspondent writes We are beginning at last to discover that the Rail way Deportment has a surplusage of clever men. The blunders in the goods and grain sheds, the under estimates for lines in pro gress, and the many financial errors of years gone -bye, are but clever pieces of adminis tration -and 1he outcome of the intellectual efforts .of able officers. For this reason it is advisable these gentlemen should be allowed fresh fields for the development of their talent. Mr. Lavater, the Accountant of Railways, is to be the new Exhibition Secre tary. He is to enter the lists against the Collins Leveys and the Jimmy Thompsons vide PimcJi) aud having been a red tapist of the first order for thirty years, he as now to have his of welcoming ''the Heir Apparent -and possibly blossoming into Sir George, or at all events a C.B. -ship. It Is said the appointment is only for (he form of the life ' of 1he" Exhibition, when he will return to Jhis old appointment, but as this terin wnihe'at least three years, -the .ques tion foat natorally arises is, if Mr. lAvater tan be spared from a dally, growing concern like our 'Railways forth ree years, cannot he be spared -altogether ? If he can -be spared, tbeq does not the "Tite Barnaclc" busmess enter into bis presentlioldfogof the Railway .ancomitanteTiip. .. Mr. . James .Thompson is j abseut, and,i naturally enough, tbe absent are foigottea, and .Mr. Geoige Collins .1 Levey's pretensions are loftily scorned, at least 60 1 am Informed, font Air. Lavatcr's appointment -iwilljT am afraid, , evoke com- ment not at -all . pleasant i» -those who are presanghis nomination.'" £xogk and Stations. — "Messrs. MaiffieQEkot, Longhnan, .andiScarr, :;cjeort jhavnuEsohl on.aooountor.MES. John ATnng- IhaanllGBagaawduOs Station, mtnatedin tiie ftfarih Kennedy district of Queensland, icnnfcainisrg azL<jarea.-o£abotd:950 aqnare miles ' (Of conntzy, together «d& 7,700 head of nattfe,i200iim£es,qiUn.£c. Messrs. JBhB. .The y are upon us ! — A number of locusts have been noticed during tiie past few days flying about over and .depasturing on the jnaiket eqizare, and reports to hand go to show .they -axe to be seen in swarms round about here. At Mooralla ou onc side of us auid M-uredal on the other, they are to foe observed ;dn myriads, -and -a gentleman driving In from Coleraine on Thursday states that at ene time he really thought he would have to turn back. It was only by dint of the great persuasive powers he is so well known to possess tfaat he could get his horses to face the pelting animated swarm of these green feed eaters who, it is to be hoped, have, .arrived too late in the day to inflict any -ap preciable amount of injnry on the splendid crops with which portions of the country are so richly clothed. The man who invents a sure means for distraction of locusts will foe a benefactor to his country. In tbe mean time a heavy fall of rain would he a bless ing. Since the above was written, informa tion has come to hand showing that ilio thousands seen about here, form only an advance guard of an immense -army of with the grass between Dunkeld and Ararat, completely denuding a great portion of tiie country of a grand supply -of feed .which a highly favourable season had brought about. In many places scarcely a blade of -grass is to be seen where, but a week or two ago the pasturage was most, luxuriant and, it is feared many sheep will have to travel. Bat where ! Nothing but a heavy storm of wind and rain will, we are told by an old residest bring the desired relief from tiie plague. Our informant says tiiat on the last occasion the country was so afflicted, steady rain fell but had no appreciable effect on the locusts they bring too robust to foe fatally affected thereby, bnt a storm of wind and rain drove them down to the sea, where they were drowned by the ton,55 so great was the stench arising from the heaps of dead insects at that time, that it was decidedly unpleas ant to be travelling anywhere near high water mark. The Istperiax Conference. — The Cabinet has given some consideration to the proposal of tiie "Secretary of State for tbe Colonies, that each colony should be repre sented by a Minister at tiie Imperial Con ference to be held in London next year, but pending the receipt of a dispatch dealing with the question, which is expected early in January, no definite action has been taken. Mr. Gillies (says tiie Argus) has been ap prised of the fact that Queensland will be represented by Sir Samuel Griffith, Premier ; and he has also been in correspondence with. Mr. Downer, Premier of South Australia, and Dr. Agnew, Premier of Tasmania, both of whom regard the proposal favourably. Mr. Downer sees a difficulty in the way of a Minister representing his colony, because a general- electiou takes place tiiere in April. Extreme pressure of public business, and the necessity for frilly considering a large number of important measures for the next session of Parliament, will prevent Mr. Gillies attend ing for Victoria, and if another Minister can not be spared, it is very likely that Mr. Service and Sir Graham Berry will be re quested to act as the Victorian delegates. The range of subjects to be discussed at the conference is not expected to be an. extensive one, but it will include several questions of great importance to Australasia, among others the coastal defences of the colonies, mall and cable communication, the adminis tration of New Guinea, tiie deportation of French rdddivistes to tiie lYesterzi Pacific, &c.; Bush Fires. — It is rather early in the season for bush fires ; bnt a large one was burning on Kanawalla estate yesterday, jast at the rear of Mount Baimbridge, and Air. IV. C. Messer sent word into town that he should like some men to go out to-day to assist in putting a stop to it. Should it get amongst Mr. O'Halioran's grass on his ride of the mount, it will inflict great injury, as that gentleman has been saving his grass. Luxurigusness. — Referring to Madame Patti's recently commenced Ameri can tour the Pail Mall Gazette writes — " She is to receive £30,000 for six months' work. That sum is to be net ; all her travelling ex- Eenses arc to be paid. Her tour will take er through an enormous tract of country, including Cincinnati, Mexico, San Francisco, Cleveland, Montreal, Boston, Washington. A special train has been built for her. The cars are few, for her troupe is not large. Patti's railway car, which has' just been built, will be a furnished house on wheels, with music room, dining-room, bathroom, bedrooms, kitchen, and servants' accom modation. Her maids and servant she imports from Europe, but two cooks will join the troupe at New York.5' A Valedictory Tea Meeting "was held in the Temperance Ua-H on the evening of the 22nd inst., on tiie occasion of tiie de parture of Miss Bannister and Mr. A. C. APDonald, the Evangelist, who had been untiring in their efforts in connection with the Hamilton Gospel Mission." - Mr. Naveau subsequently presided at a well- atteuded meeting of members, when the re port went to show that the Mission had highly prospered, that it sought to work in unison with all Christian churches, and mainly directed its efforts to attract to its religious services held in the Temperance Hall, those whom churches had not yet reached. In this good work it had prospered beyond expectations, and that it had a great future before it was generally recognised, the attendances every Sunday at the Tern- | perance Hall being constantly on the in crease. The "Adsieaiasus and Sketcheb.55 — The " Ulusteated Australasian Sketcher" for Christmas is a grand number, ana tne same remark may certainly De ap plied 'to fhe Australasian, which lias also, for the nonce, been converted into an illus trated paper. The telling of ghost stories in England, when sittui? round the blaring yule log at Christmas, was an ancient custom which of late years has been, superseded by written weird-like tales, and although the surroundings in Australia at this season of the year are in. marked conferast to those pre vailing at our antipodes, it is the fashion to flood the colony with tales of love and horror. Recognising this fact, the pro prietors of the AustroZosian have placed David G. Folk under contribution with the result that they are able to supply their readers with a dreadfully sensational story entitled " The Legend of TroddVFJat," and, at the same time, foster colonial talent. The story, which, by tiie way, is well written bristles with murders, accidents, love passages, and sudden deaths. Throughout, the interest of the reader is sustained, ho can, in troth, "sup on horrors," and, doubtless, this addi tion to the vast amount of information which the Australasia? always provides, will ensure anunprecedentedsalefortheChristmas number of probably the largest weekly paper in the world. The Minister op Education. — After tlie -distribution -of prizes on the 23rd \ inst. in connection with the Richmond State schools, Professor Pearson, ALL. A., Minis ter of Education, made a someivh.it impor tant statement respecting the relative func tions of the department, the Boards of Ad vice and the school teachers, as viewed by himself, and to their mutual relationship. He expressed a strong opinion that the Vic torian educational system was now contacted upon soand lines and must ultimately ene- ceed in saffordingthe elements of sonnd in- . straction to every child ill the colony. It was his earnest effort to keep clear of re ligious controversy, -which would, if im ported, wreck "the whole system, and to this endhe deprecated placing patronage in the hands of the hoards, 'and ad coca ted a system of strict centralisation. He adverted in most satisfactory language to the excellent terms -existing between "the three bodies and the young -people, whose tntnre welfare : to no small extent depended upon them, and said that a state of tilings existed in 18SG whieh wonld have -been iinposable ten years earlier. "Warrayuee Estate. — The leasing of conveniently -sized blocks ot the rich agricultural land to be found on :(he above- named estate is forming topic of conversa- Hott lamongsttkefarmerB of tfletjistrict, all£ it appears Iikely there will he no dearth of application. -Somepariieulars will be found in Messrs.. Archibald and -Bateman's au. KQgncc.ment, and "those requiring more information can obtain it by apjuying to that well-known- jinn of auctioneers to whom the carrying oat pf the rdan "has 'been en trusted. . Every well -wisher of the town of Hamilton mqst flope to see every block taken np onthe-let. fiebroary. - - ' Acknowledgment.— 3Sie Secretary of tbe Hospital - bqgs to acknowledge with I. thanks leeervingirom Mrs. HnthtGues Sla.i towards Christmas Cheer for the parents in % Hospital. > - "t t Christmas Eye. — Lost night the streets were densely packed with promcn- aders attracted by the brilliant displays furnished by tbe tradesmen of the town, and also in no small degree by the playing of the Chicago Band. That it was the commence- mentwf the Christmas holidays was evi denced by the tasteful floral decorations ex hibited In the shops, and by the quantities of toys and seasonable gifts being trium phantly borne home by the younger mem bers of lie community. The Morning Stab Company. — from a telegram received yesterday by Mr. -Samuel, we learn that tiie prospect® of tins mine are still exceedingly satisfactory, loads of wash dfrt realising upwards of 57ozs. of gold. His Hon- the Chief Justice has been appointed President of tiie Centennial Exhibition Commission. . A more popular appointment could not have been made. The CLOse Season for game termi nated on the "20th December, but so far we have not heard of any large bags being ob- tained. The "Wabbnambgod Races are to come off on Boxing Day. For tiie maiden plate there are four entries ; for the hurdle race, eight ; the handicap, six ; the janior stakes, three ; steeplechase, four ; selling stakes, three; the pony race, twelve ; and the hurdle race one. Submarine Boats.— The utility of the Nordenfelt marine boat for defence pur poses has been recently under the considera tion of the military and naval authorities of the colonies, who -have obtained, through the Agent-General, the latest in formation as to the exploits of the boats already made. The first Iffordeafeit submarine boat was purchased -by tiie Greek Government, ana during a recent blockade tiie boat left her berth and went round the English torpedo "boats and the Austrian corvette in the Pircens without being observed, although a close watcu was uemg Kept on an uic vessels. The fact became known through an officer on board the English man-of-wav in the Piraeus noticing that the berth of the Nordenfelt submarine boat was vacant. It is tbe opinion of the highest authorities in the colony (says tlie Argus) that a boat of this description would be of great assistance in preventing the blockade of Port Phillip aud would considerably strengthen the naval defences. Accordingtr) a letter from the Agent-General, only three other boats of the same descrip tion had been constructed as yet, two of which were purchased last year by the Tur kish Government, while the other, which is approaching completion, and will attain a speed of 17 knots per boar, is to the order of a foreign power, the name of which has not been divulged. Theddmiraliy are said to be watching with close interest the develop ment of "this recent addition to naval war fare, and experimental tests of the capacity of the latest Nordenfelt submarine boat are shortly to be made at Portsmouth. The cost 'of one of these novel vessels is from £20,000 £22,009. Above the Law. — The proprietor5 of the Tatiara Mail recently found it neces sary to summon a South Australian mem ber of Parliament for advertising work done for him daring his election campaign. As, however, they were not in a position to prove he .gave tiie order for the work, it having come through an agent, their case fell to the ground/ " Bnt the magistrate stated that even if the order had been proved they could -not sue a legislator. If this is tbe law it is a scandalous and dishonest one. Why should members of Parliament he ' placed above the law ? for this is simply what so outrageous. a proviso means. When next that legislator comes before his con stituents he should be asked if he is in favor of all men being compelled to pay their just debts, and if not, should be relegated to that obscurity from which he should never have emerged. That is to say if lie really did authorise the agent in question, to get the work done. Extraordinary Assault Case. — On Thnrsday night a man named Clark, in the employ of Mr. Stevens, brewer, Hor sham, on going home, as usual, found that a woman named Mary Marqoardt, who had been living with him as his wife, had been brutally assaulted, and was apparently iu a dying state. The woman was senselesg, but her daughter, who is 16 years of age, and who was engaged in dressing her wounds, stated that she knewnothingaboutthe affair. She had been,-she said, in town, and on re turning found her mother on the floor, the blood flowing from wounds evidently caused by her having been beaten abont the head aud body with an axe. The matter was im mediately reported to the police, and a doctor was sent for. From the state of tbe girl's clothes suspicion fell on her, aud this morning she was arrested and confessed that she had - committed the deed. She was brought up at the Police Court this morning and remanded until next Wednesday. The ..injured woman ,1ms been removed to the hospital, and it is quite possible that her in juries may prove fatal The Church of England Promen ade - Concert held last evening in the Town Hall was not so well attended as was ex pected, the counter atti actions in the shape of Christmas trees, and the displays in tiie shop windows having doubtless, "militated against the success of the gathering. Tbe amount realised will be between £7 and £S. The principal features of the evening were a magic lantern exhibition, conducted by the Yen.ArchdcaconAndMr.Hunfcer's performing dog. The clever feats of this intelligent animal were repeatedly and deservedly ap- nlnndr The "Ararat Advertiser" Sheet Almanac is to band. It is one of tbe best we have seen tills season. Bank of Victoria The attention of customers of the above mentioned bank, is called to an annoucement in our adver tising columns. Heywood. — The proposal to estab lish a cadet force in conuection with Hey wood State-school has been approved. Mr Caldotts Sale. — We liave al ready furnished .a report on Mr. Caldow's property, and have now to remind intending purchasers that the sale there is to be held on Wednesday. Full particulars are given in Messrs. Kirby aud GUlispie's advertise ment. Christ Church. — Services will com mence in this church to-day at 11 a.m. and to-morrow full choral services will be rendered both morning and evening. On each occasion Archdeacon Cooper will preach. Foil particulars will be found iu our advertising columns. 