Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Society. MEETING AT EAST MAITLAND. j In connection with the Wesleyan Foreign Mis- sionary Society special sermona were preached in the Wesleyan Church, East Maitland, on Sunday morning and evening, by the Rev. J. A. Webb, whose discourses were listened to with much pleasure. At each service a collection waa made in aid of the Society. On Tuesday evening the annual public meeting was held in the Church. The pro- ceedings were very interesting. A hymn was sung by the choir and general congregation, after which the Rev. M. Maddern, superintendent of the cir- cuit, engaged in prayer. Mr. John Ewing, who has filled the post on many former occasions, took the chair. The CHAIRMAN said that he must confess that he was disappointed in being called upon to preside over that meeting. He had occupied the chair during the past eix years, and as he had not been notified that he was expected to do so that night, he really thought the duty would fall upon someone else. Having made some amusing reference to remarks of the rev. gentlemen who had preceded the present superintendent of the circuit as to his qualifications for the post, he said that he felt it a pleasure to take the chair at a missionary meeting, because he rejoiced in the success of mis- sionary enterprise, and he rojoicer1 in the missionary efforts made in connexion with the Wesleyan Church. Mindful of the command given by Christ to his Apostles, " Go ye into all the world and preach the i Gospel, and recognising the gtaATÖ^TX. s.onary enterprise in foreign lands, he ar^od Z there was need for the exercise of effort, ¡2 direction among tho people surrounding them *! Gretahe heard quoit players indulging in ren "7 becomingknguagc. It was impossible forsuchZ to be Christians, lie appreciated the work of Z Salvation Army in its efforts to reach a ela* tf persons the churches were unable to reach The Rev. M. MADDEN read extracta from ti* annual report of the Society for the yCar ]8o7 which have already been published in these »lum« having been submitted at the annual meeC^ West Maitland, in May last. It appeared that £ total income was ¿12,981 6s Id, of which sum St. South Wales contributed .£2421 4s 9d, and stoodZ the head of the list. Queensland subscribed MU OB 5d; Victoria, ¿1967 10s 8d; Tasmania, ¿4M ? South Australia, ¿879 18s 3d; New Zealand ^ 7s 6d ; Friendly IslandB, ¿65 ; Samoa, ¿126 in, M Fiji, ¿5,027 17s 3d. The expenditure amounted^ ¿12,981 63 Id. The outlook of the *ork shonlj provokethemto amoro hearty espousal of thatcanac That God's blessing was upon their agencies said the report, was proved by many wonders and signa. Let the obligation to forward the interests of the Kingdom of God, which waa tho Kingdom of righteousness and peace, be felt as a T, Bonal duty. He would like to state that thi amount raised in the circuit last year was ¿20 & 7d, of which amount East Maitland gave ¿813s 5i He hoped that they would not only reach that moa this year but exceed it. (Hear, hear.) Miss LEONARD, lady evangelist, addressed the meeting. Taking as her text the command "Go yo into all the world and preach the Gospel te every creature," she urged the importance of missionary work, and the obligation upon Chrfc. tian people to help forward that work. Sie referred to the success that was being achieve ia the missionary fields of labour, to the great good that was being wrought in India and Africa and the South Sea Islands, and said that their hearts should rejoice to learn of the spread of Christian truths among heathen people, who had been brought to a knowledge of God. Their hearts should go up in prayer for extension of that work. Though caste prejudices were so strong in Indi» they were being dispelled, and the Light of the Gospel was taking hold of the people. May God inspire them with a deeper interest for their brethern in heathen hands. When they heard cheering reports coming from the missionaries they could not but rejoice that the old fabric of heathen- ism was tottering. A hymn was sung by the choir, af tor which The Rev. J. A. WEBB addressed the moeting, He was delighted to hear Miss Leonard speak with true womanly voice of the work done in the nÚBsioMrr fields of India and Africa. He would speak to them on a missionary field especially associated with their own church. The report read that night showed how God had crowned the work of the Soeictywiü success. He was not there to plead for the mis- sions, but to speak about them-to tell them «f God's work among the people in the South Seal. God had caused a great change to come over Fiji, which was a beautiful country of very large ei tent. The native population was 110,000-natiw bora Fijians 5 Asiatics, COOO ; Polynesians, bctweei 3000 and 4000; Europeans, between 2000 and 3000. Fifty years ago the people grew up in heathenism. When he first went to Fiji some eighteonyearsago he was told that it was useless for him togo there, that the people were beasts, not mon. Others said they were devils. Fifty years ago they did not k»ow the name of Christianity. There was not a single mon who could stand up and say that lie was a Christian. Now there was not one who would openly say that he was a heathen. Before that time all were heathen. The land was now a Chris- tian land. There were established 976 ckurchei, 279 other preaching places ; 10 missionaries, BÎ Native ministers, 44 oatechists, 1019 teachers, 2490 school teachers, 1877 local preachers, 2700 Sabbath school teachers, 3192 clasB leaders, 27,421 church members, whereas sixty years ago there was not » Bingle nominal Christian, 4121 on trial, 20 contain« nicants, 2679 catechumens, 1474 Sabbath school«, 42,909 Sabbath scholars, 1845 day schools, 42,698 day school scholars, and attendants on publie worship 100,154. An extraordinary chango had taken place during these last sixty years, and h» believed that the result had boen attained through the power of the Holy Ghost-not through tht organisation of the Church, not through any nuV sionaries work-they wore auxiliaries-but through the mighty power of the Holy Ghost that wonderful state of things had been brought about. Cauabal ism was a thing of the past, polygamy was driven out of the country, and in other things there had been a remarkable change. If thoy wantodto know about old time evils there theymnst go to the aged Fijian people. Young men could not tell then of the past. The Bible of God had gone into the country and there was a healthy Christian senti- ment pervading the native councils. Amongst the young people there would be found very little knowledge of the bad days. Naturally Fijians were liars ; they had made a science of lying. But ther* 1 had been a change in the people in that respect. He gave an illustration on that point, showing * Fijian's sacredness for the truth, even at tho risk of suffering personal loss. Then again the Fijians were said to be naturally dishonest, but ho had found them extremely honest. He had been ac customed to go away from his home leaving the acora and windows open, yet he very rarely lost anything during the eighteen years he was there. He had to take moro precaution in Sydney in that respect than in Fiji. In various other ways those people exhibited a wonderful change in thought and habit and feeling. That was ordered by their senti- ments in giving their experiences at tho class meet- ings and love feasts, which they related just in the same manner as people did here. They told how the Gospel of God had come to their hearts, and they had been sanctified. After eighteen years' «peri* ence with the people, he found that there were Fijians who lived like Christians, and when the end came they died liWe Christians also. Ho com- mended the missionary to the sympathy of tie meeting. A collection was takenup in behalf of the Society» and the proceedings ended with the Doxologyand Benediction. _ As an instance of smart travelling the Forbes Times says :-On the night of the 15th instant Mr, A. D. Badgery, who resides at Moss Vale on the Southern line, was at Euabalong, 110 miles from Forbes. At 8 p.m. he received a telegram inform- ing him that his son, a lad about 15 years of age was seriously ill and not expeoted to recover. Within half an hour, at 8.30, Mr. Badgery started to drive to Forbes. He drove all night, but did not come into Forbes, turning off at Jemalong, thence to Bundaburra via Grenfell to Young, which latter place he reached at 6 p.m. the next day. He caught the up train there, and reached his home at Moss Vale at 8 a.m. next morning. From Euabalong to Young, the way Mr. Badgery travelled, in 180 miles, and this he accomplished in 211/2 hours, or at the rate of over 8 1/2 miles an hour, all stoppages in- cluded. His son lived two days after the father's arrival home. 