THE DAItr£«TELEGft2.PH . ANmTHE G0 : S VERNMHNT SUPPORTERS. [?] In ^^lastiss^ ad^rtiserieiitirappe^ed1,; ( . ^ !V .. ,. , -. ?'? , 'A great monster meeting to advocate Protec tion' to' Nat^je' lh^^Hes;wiIl; t-e held; in the, Protestant nail, CastlereaglL-street, Sydney,: next Tudsday^iugust' ' 3rd. ' Messrs. '07 M. Tpphey, J. P^fet/L.BV^eydoii^fc'Gi-. Taylor, S.H.; Hvam, ^'Wl Q'SulliTan, K.' H. Levien, W . C. Wall: i^r'S^affy^'MMiHeV M'sX.A.V Hon. John Lucas, M.L.C. ; Mr. R.C Luscombe, Mr. 'J. ' P.T. CaulfieJld,,an^i^e;H-)n,'C;'E. Jones,. M.P.,, ex-Minister o£Tictonan'Bailways; are expected to lie present | to! a'ddressthe meeting. Irishmen of Sydney, roll upin strong force at this meeting and help iis to obtain a Protective Policy, the same as Mr. Parriell claims for Ireland/' The Sydney Daily Telegraph came out on Saturday morning (the day after our publication) with' a leader headed ' The Mask Off.' ''The conspirators' (said the Telegraph) 'who have banded, together to overturn the fiscal policy ~o '4^Uia /irtlAnty nv(* nnw hfirmminer to throw off the mask. '' The fulcrum upon which the protectionists intend 'to rest their political lever is no longer concealed. '' In the representative organ of the Roman Catholics this week appears an advertise ment which reveals the whole plot. The adver tisement winds up with the following suggestive sentence : ' Irishmen of Sydney roll up in strong force at this meeting and help us to obtain a pro tective policy, the same as Mr. Parnell claims for Ireland.' The givers of this ' tip ' are :— Messrs. J. M. Toohey, J. P. Abbott, L. F. Heydon, A. G. Taylor, S. H. Hyam, R. H. Levien, W. C. Wall, P. 'Hogan, E. W. O'Sullivan and N. Melville. It is impossible to mistake the significance of the appeal. Here we have an Irish Premier in power, and his supporters are directly applying to Irish men to rally round his standard and assist him to run. the Government of this colony on protectionist lines laid down by Mr. Parnell in Ireland. This is putting the question outside the range of argument from the fiscal standpoint altogether. It is simply a question of establishing an Irish ascendency, of which protection to native industries will be the concomitant. At all times wo have deprecated the introduction of social or sectarian animosities into the public life of this colony. It is a healthy Atistralian principle that all those who take up the sectarian sword should perish by it. This is an' Australian community, and let every man who is Australian set his face resolutely against any attempt at sectarian domination here. It is not the policy that Mr. Parnell claims for Ireland that Australians want ; but the policy which in their own judgment is best for Australia. Now that the mask is thrown aside, and we see the conspiracy which is on toot to sneak m pro tection at the expense of the Australian spirit of the community, it is time for all who respect the name of their country to look matters seriously in the face. If we are to remain an Australian nation, sectarian plots against Australian ascen dency, no matter whore they come from, must be knocked vigorously on the head. We have asserted this doctrine when any sectarian move ment has been attempted here against Irishmen, and by exactly the same rule we assert it now. What is sauce for the goose is saiice for the gander. If Irishmen ' roll up strong ' to assist an Irish Premier to plant the policy of Parnell in this colony, Australians must roll up still stronger on the other side to resist any such attempt. They are resorting to a game at which other people can. play quite as well as they can. If they are to win the fiscal battle they must not sully their hands by sectarian weapons. They have now deliberately challenged a conflict of this kind, and it will be the worse for themselves as well as the worse for the country if they are rn'et on their own ground. We counsel nothing of that kind. It is not the rolling-up of Irish men—that should be met by any counter- muster — ^-but the rolling-up of men who attempt to intro duce un- Australian politics, whether : they be Irish, English, or Dutchmen who band together; for such purposes. Sectarian passion, however, , when once appealed to, is very apt to take a muclr narrower ground. If it does so in this instance,' tHe fact must be deplored, but the fault will lie. entirely at the door of those who have thus wantonly and senselessly provoked it.' In the Telegraph of Monday, Mr. J. P. T. Caulfield wrote as follows :— ? ! ^ : ' In your Saturday's issue appears a violent lead ing article which has evidently been called forth by an; advertisement' 'in' the Freeman's Journal re garding the Protectionist demonstration to take place on- Tuesday, night, and as that article is cal culated !tb place a large and important section of tKe community and several New South Wales legislators in a false position, I ask you to be good efiough'to allow me a few words in explanation. Of my own motion, and without in any way con sulting' a' single soul, I caused an advertisement ?which I paid' 'for out of my own pocket to be in serted in the last number of the weekly news paper referred to. On this advertisment you founded your articles wnicn would xeaa une puDiic ta believe, that an Irish- Popish plot had been re ve'aled'.:r; What you can see in the advertise ment to lead to such an erroneous conclusion, or to' justify you' in raising another Kiama ghost, I amatalpss to know. Nor can I understand why \ln alluding; to the sentence ; '' Irishmen of ?'Sydney . roll up in strong force' at this laceting and' help ; us to obtain a protective policy, the same as Mr. Parnell claims for Ire land,' you should say -^ The givers of this 'tip' are : Messrs. J. M: Toohey, J. P. Abbott, L: : F. Heydon, At Gi Taylor, S. H, Hyam, R. H. Levien, 'W. G. Wall, P. Hogan, E. W. O'Sullivan, and N. Melville/ There is nothing whatever to show that these hon. members are the givers of the so-called. ' tip/ ; Because xne advertisement uu«a notinany way purport to have been signed or sanctionedby them;* It simply states that they ' are expected to be .present1 to; address the meet ing/ and I could have named a number of other protectionist M.sP. whom- we also expect 'to be present to address the meeting/ Tour readers would infer that the advertisement was signed or connived at by Messrs. Toohey, Abbott, Heydon, Taylor, Hyam, Levien,. Wall, Hogan, O'Sullivan, and Melville^-only the half of whom I may observe etbyatmnt are Roman Catholics— and' in justice to these1 gentlemen, I must say that. not one of them wera epolcoa. to before I inserted the advertise ment; and .'some of them I never spoke toin my life. It is therefore pbviousthat you have dis covered a mare's nest and raised a false alarm. You may ask why I used the 'suggestive sentence :'. ,....? Irishmen of Sydney roll up, in strong .force at this meeting and help to obtain a protective policy, the same as Mr.1 Parnell claims for' Ireland/ My answer to this: is very simple— the freetrade leader in this colony has appealed to his Irish fellow- colonists to oppose a 'protective policy, ior New; r South Wales, arid. this, is how; he did it. Sir Henry Parkes visited Oranere. in the early part of last month on a freetrade mission, and m the course of! his i speech directed some; of his- remarks' to those who hail from the Emerald Isle.' He is reported in one of your evening contemporaries to1 have' said :-i-' He had heard that a great many Irishmen around Orange' were protectionists. He would tell them what protection had done for their country/ And .The 'Daily Telegraph of July 6 reports him as having spoken thus :— ' He would . like . to point out that a protective policy had a most baleful effect upon the prosperity of Ireland. xpur morning contemporary uj. imo same ' date reports Sir Henry Parkes to have further said :— ' The protective policy had such a ' baneful effect upon the prosperity of Ireland that much of that country, was oppressed years ago. No oppression was so gaunt, so black and so sweeping as the effect of the protective policy of England. . It simply, swept away her linen and her woollen mariufacturies/ss every student of Irish history must knpw, and so it was wherever f.lmt kind of Dolicv was -tried/ Now, sir, when I read .these utterances of the leader of the Opposition I conceived a desire to reply to them and to show how one-sided they were and' how Sir H. Parkes distorted and suppressed poli tical history : and I also desired to show the Irish men who, were appealed to. by Sir Henry Parkes that the leader they believe' in and venerate— Mr. C. S. Parnell— is altogether opposed to the fiscal views of the leader of the New South Wales Opposition, it never strucK me at tne time tnat the advertisement— which you did not reprint in full— would ever be twisted and turned and used in order to make polical capital out of it. I may add that if there is anything blameworthy— and I deny that there is— in connection with that simnifi ndvfii'tisement the blame must, in common fairness, rest on my shoulders- alone.- The worst that can be said is that I allowed, my zeal in the cause of protection to outrun my judgment/' Since the ' Mask Off' leader ? appeared the Telegraph has been fairly deluged with letters. Mr. P. Hogan, M.Pi, wrote :— In your leading article in Saturday's issue I notice my name amongst others taken from an anonymous adver tisement inserted in the Freeman's Journal of last week calling a protectionist meeting m tne Protestant Hall. I have taken some trouble to find out the name of the person who has made such unwarrantable and unauthorised use of my name and was given the name of a- person I don't know even by repute ; consequently I think I have reason to complain, especially as you have made it the subject matter of unfavourable editorial comment calculated, and no doubt intended^ to bring me and other gentlemen named into ridi culeimd contempt. How farthis person is legally responsible for the liberties he has taken by the insertion of this advertisement I don't know, but most assuredly I will make it my business to inquire at the earliest possible moment, as I may say at once I never either lent my name to or attended a protectionist meeting of any kind. But, Sir, whether I have done so or not is a small matter indeed compared with the sweeping and untruthful allegation you have made against me find others named, and which I trust you will now afford me an opportunity to reply to through your columns. You state that you discovered in the advertisement referred to the secret of the support given the Government in carrying their financial proposals by reason of its head being an Irishman, &c.; Well, Sir, I assert with equal force —and I think I bear a reputation as a citizen and colonist quite equal to yours— that the fact of the head of the Government being an Irishman has had nothing whatever to do with the carry ing through Parliament the financial proposals. Sir Patrick Jennings, though an Irishman, is, like myself, purely^ Australian, both in spirit and sym pathy, who in my mind-would be no party to in jure or retard- the progress or fair fame of the colony either in its social, commercial or political character, but has used his best efforts to bring forward a scheme of taxation calculated to meet the pressing wants and requirements of our em barrassed financial condition. This, and this alone, not the interest of protectionists as you have en deavoured to make it appear in your lead ing article, induced him and most, if not all who assisted him to- carry those pro posals through Parliament, and I will ven ture to assert that some of those who opposed him and his poliey did it more through personal hostility, if not to him to some of .the men associated with him, than in the interest of the freetrade policy of the country which we hear and read so much about ; but if the incident or necessity of raising 'taxation through the Custom House should have the effect ol stimulating ana benefiting colonial industries which protec tionists anticipate it will, I for one will rejoice at the results ; though in recording my vote in favour of them I was entirely guided -by the urgent want of raising revenue, with a view of sustaining and upholding the financial prestige of the colony, arid, not in the interest of protection or protectionists ; and had Sir Henry Parkes or any other leader been at the headof a Govern ment, I should have given him and his Govern ment the same consistent support I have given this under the same circumstances. 1 may say in conclusion, I would not support any man in Parliament or out of it by reason of his nation ality, or any such unmentionable, not to say dis reputable motives as you have alleged ; nor is it at all neceesary for. those who know me that I should state so, but to those who do not a very different impression through your agency might : remain. I have been elected to Parliament by one of the largest, and most populous consti tuencies in the colony as an independent member, and in the interest of that' constituency, and the interest of the colony generally, and regardless of the component parts of any Government, I will always be guided by my own judgment in all matters ;of' legislation, whether in taxation pro posals ' or. any othor , measure of law which will contribute to the welfare of the colony. and the maintenance of its free institutions} and when the time comes, if I should continue to: hold a seat in Parliament, taxation of an objectionable character, whatever it may be, if it can be: dispensed with, I will be .found equally as vigorous in removing as supporting. ... Mr. James M.; Toohey, M.P., wrote :^-In your . issue of Saturday, July 31, under the heading of ' The Mask Off,'' you use the following. sentence : — ' It is not because such men as Mr. Toohey are shameless enough to avow that they are only protectionists because certain? politicians whom for other reasons they dislike are freetraders,.that any considerable section of Australians will act upon the same painciple.' 'This is a' direct state ment, the proof of which should -be produced— in justice; to me; to the constituents whomSC-rer present, and to yourself. In justice tome, as it; is ;a' reflection .upon:, my political, morality -and tuents, as they, should have evidence justifying: them in demanding; as they should do, -my resig nation ; and in justice to yourself, in affording proof that your paper ia not governed by men wno are capable of using even the vilest .means to' blacken the characters of public men with whose politics they: do riot agree. \ '. -.. Mr. J. P. Abbott, M.P., wrote :— . . ,, f -Will you be good enough to state that I know noithing of the meeting of , protectionists men tioned in your, leading article of. Saturday as being- advertised in a Roman Catholic journal ? Your article was the 'first intimation I ; had of it.. From this you will at once see ypu do myself and others who have repudiated, all. knowledge, of it, as; well as Sir Patrick Jennings, a .gross injustice. In politics I know no man's religion. my careei, a3 a public man has been shorthand I. hope it will end the day, I have to resort to tactics of any , kind to arouse sectarian feelings for , the purpose of obtaining either place or power. Already tactics of .that character have done, much injury to public life, and under no circumstances will I,, +.n 0-n.iti anv obiect. do anything to embitter, or disturb the. religious, feelings of any class of the community.' _? . _,? ... Mr A. G. Taylor, M.P., Mr. E. W. O Sullivan, M.P.,Mr.R. H. Levien, M-P-, Mr. S. H. Hyam, M.P., and Mr. W. C. Wall, M.P., wrote protest-, ing against the unauthorized use of their names, and against the unjust accusations of the Tele graph.:, .v ;?..??'? ??'?. ..? ????_ t^' '?? The Protection meeting, took place in the Pro testant HaU, on Tuesday evening. Messrs. Toohey, O'Sullivan, Coonan, Melville, and Forsyth, Ms.P,, . were present. The hail was crowaea, ana some capital speeches were made by the movers and seconders of the resolutions. , : Mr. J. P. T. Caulfield, in supporting one of the resolutions, said he would like to take the oppor tunity of rebutting an accusation wliicn Jiaa Deen made against himself as the importer of a sec tarian ^element into the fiscal struggle of the colony, and therefore felt it duo to himself to clear his character. He was an Australian with the interests of his country at heart, and he could assure the meeting he would be the last man to attempt to introduce sectarian or racial ani mosities into the community. He had inserted the advertisement in the Freeman's Journal at his own cost, because he was anxious for Irishmen to attend the meeting, so that they might hear something in reply to Sir Henry Parkes, who at Orange made a special appeal to Irishmen to sup port °free trade, on the ground that protection had ruined Ireland. We are to be told that it was not a justifiable thing that Irishmen in the colonies should be asked to support a policy for the protection of native indus tries similar to that which the elected and recognized leader of the Irish people at home claimed for Ireland. . (Applause.) It was a struggle in which all classes, nationalities, arid creeds could and should join. , ... . .-. .. Mr. Melville, M.P. addressed;the meeting inre sponse to loud calls. Referring to the. article that appeared in The DAiLYiTELEERAPHhe.said:— I know nothing of the advertisement on which that article was based. My name, if used in such an advertisement, was , used without my authority, my knowledge, or my consent, AU I have to say is, that if the individual who wrote that article, will do me the favour, of presenting himself before ; me I will adopt the old British style and t'ake; it out of him pretty quick, .;., (Applause.) ! There! are some people in the world who say that. you. should: riotresorttp chastisementunder any circumstances. I will undertake to horsewhip the writer if he will present himself. (Applause.) .71 will do so because he has used the press as an instrument, a mean resort, to drag in my name and, others for, the purpose of bringing up a sectarian .cry— a thing I was never guilty of in .my- life— {applause)— and if The Daily telegraph, wnipn uegaaucs msLy^ with protection — (' hear, hear')— began its his tory by attempting to sneak in. this/feeling.— if that paper can. do nothing else than attempt to divide society from end to end with the old game of the yellow and the green, it had better leave the subject alone. (Applause.) If this battle' is to be fought put, let it be fought out on political prin-J ciples only. (Applause.) . I say it publicly to the gentleman 'who used my name in the advertise- ; ment, I will thank him the next time' he uses my name to consult me. , , : Mr. Toohey, M.P., rose in response to loud calls and was received with cheers. '-'If they worked, he said, shoulder to sTibulder in advocacy of the. cause of protection they would not only con fer blessings on themselves, but would .leave' a good inheritance for their children. But when great questions were discussed & bitterness of feel ing was always likely to arise. There was a bitterness felt in regard to what ; the press had said upon this matter, a bitterness in regard to the cowardice of the press of New. South Wales. (Applause.) He did.not.mean ,the whole of the press; he alluded particularly to that one rag. whose dying kick was scarcely felt by those it lucked— he meant the Daily Telegraph. (Ap plause.) This paper had thought fit to en deavour to raise what every intelligent, man in the colony would denounce— sectarian bitter ness — and this under corer of an act which he candidly confessed was that of a fanatic or a fool who inserted an advertise ment in a paper and placed certain riaiies therein without any authority whatever. (Applause.) And here he would say that in connection with this rising tide of' protection they must watch outsiders who were seeking popularity. They should remember those who had for years fought for the principle,, He did not refer to himself as he was a. late, convert ; but let them not forget those who for many years had particularly pro claimed? that protection- ; was ^ the ; !-estj for Nelvr Jm': South; Wales. His conversion waslbrought about; ,.fi priricipally;from^the action forced, upon.him.in.vj ? i the Assembly when he saw how: the -interests. off; -Ui the working classes were, sacrificed toftKose of the ^IxH mercantile community. (Applause;) : r , - . , -; ?, I i ' to The Globe of Saturday evening^in 'an article,?;' i headed 'A Pitiful Spectacle;' says :-=-:; o. -. id i . ' !h'; ' It is not our purpose at any time to attack our contemporaries whom we ! leave to control their own affairs in their own 'fashion, with, no coin^ ^ ment upon our part. .But we should; be f^alse to,!' I that public duty which 'is;?iricumbe^^^ : organ of ' public opinion if we ' did 'riot' 'protest in; : ' '' the strongest'vpo'ssible mariner against ,th'er effort ':'. to jarouse social/ racial, arid religious 'animosities ! '' wnich characterizes the opening- article in .this morning's ! Daily Telegraphs- ^ '. ^J.y ' , T-'i '^ Was1 ' .f.Viprii awat .Tirin-f-Ail iTi anv:fidnntrv-'at anv time-la' j' -?? more shameful, a more cowardly, and more- con- ;*' temptible 'appeal to -sectarian ' bigotry ; and^' racial^ i divergence of f eeling ;2- The 'whole article1 isf really;-' ' '? the .lamentation of a defeated combatant whb can- - :' ridt take the chances of fight like.a man.; ;; We are;' ' well assured* that itsi pitiful attempt to evoke_sec-; tariari differences, and. bring: polemical strife; into' ' ; political warfare,' will of ail, 'arid -that it -h.as done r ]- more in one contemptible: attack to advance the- '« cause of protection and damage 'its -own 'side iihan has hitherto 'been achieved ;by, any news-v J paper.iri.Australia.' )--v;h ..r'w/.:- ?:-i''i' ,:;t!?;;f': ~y-y 