CAULFiELD. a bitter cold morning. Trainers made n» early start, commencing soon after daybreak. The tracks were iu excellent going order. Kenneth was the first to appear. The Derby and Cup canuKiatc corcrcu a nine anu a luriong in 11110 siyic, Jocular accompanying him home tho last six fur longs. lieu Holt was treated to a spin over a mllo and a half. The Cup candidate was asM&tcd; by Chuckstcr nnd Lnndo. At various parts of ttic journey lie moved very freely, ami completed a good gallop, Western, in the same stable, run a useful mile, afterwards putting in another turn in company with Defrauder. Dohcmian and New York cantered. Yesterday this pair iu company with Dougalstou jjcrfonucd n good working gallop, the former going as strong as a Unit. Little John went twice round the grass at a good sharp canter, winding up by running home from the mile in company with Greculns Msurlue Jem Cufn put In long 6|OW work on tlic tan. Clarendon mid fit. Albert were treated to a spin over tho Cup distance, botii having big weights up. The former, who is Improving, having a lot in hand at the finish. Grace Darling and Thu Ghost ran a strong flvo fur longs. MHIstrcnm undThc Crane cantcrod, winding up by running a sharp half mile. Preston was restricted to long slow exercise. Camcrine, Daystar, Dexter, aiul Meerschaum all worked the rcvcrve wny. Kmpreos and Gadfly rattled along for four fur longs. Epicurean and MiuMia spurted along three furlongs the luttcr doing another fourulone. Gcrnhlhic, wilti Gnrdncr up, and lkmnlo Ivd were allotted a couple of turns over the schooling hurdles. Doth performed well GnKburner mid a hornc unnamed, hy Ncwminstcr, put iu a strong round on the sand track. Union Jack, Goodwood, Ajnx, brunette, lady Ash- ton, and a host of other jumpers, were all put through their facings. Highland Chief, who is a bit on the big side, was given a good plpc- opciicr on tiic grass. Blondin cantered and spurted. The remainder of tho following strings were doing good work Messrs liviice, Harper, Jones, Collins, Moran, and : fK2Ug. Up to the time of my leaving Foulaliam's team had not put in an appearance. 