flDtecellaneous*^ The Measureless Deeps. I think sometimes tliat tbc silence itself bos a soundless ghost, A stillness ilecptr than ocean, where gather the countless host OC similes that nro simile's reflections, of glooms Hint are shades of gloom, And echoes of thoughts unfatliomed which never in words lind room. There are thoughts which move at midnight too deep for a vision's reach ; There are waves deep clown in silence, too strong for the grasp of speech : Aii'] a mystic intuition in inlinite depth of space Too fnrtn impress reflections or shades on a mortal face. Wo know in the silent chambers the beats of a distant heart, We have seen with an inner vision the cur tains of bUcik'c part, Anil far in the shndi;d distance have rend, as on magic scroll, The words no sound could utter, addressed to an earnest soul. There are tilings so deep nd sacrcfl they flee the approach of so' ,d, There are ideas pure 11 holy no natural hedgerows 'bound And somewhere, we' adjusted, nnseen, un heard, intense, Are the truths which reach us only through a seventh mysterious souse. We hear not, speak not, feel not, yet we think, and trust, and know, While the viewless nivstie currents sweep by in their endie.W 11.)w, While above the mirrored crystal there flutter the ghostly wings, And a song too sweet for language its jubi lant anthem brines. The grandest truth of the ages have entered the heart like this, The things we can never utt.er producing the greatest bliss ; Mysterious intuitions, swift shades of a shadow-thought, Have flooded the soul with sweetness in miracle wonders wrought. • Wo know there are soul vibrations, u subtle and glorious bond, Uniting the world material with a something so far beyond _ That it reaches us in soul waves, too delicate far for touch, That the brightest words are heavy and burden them overmuch. So we learn ils beautíous wisdom. Its peaceful currents flow Too far for the reach of evil, too high for the touch of woo, Too deep for our words to fathom, too soft for the grasp of sound, In n placo which God hath 'guarded with a silence most profound. Then welocmc the mystic message, the peace beyond all compare, Toe sweet to be grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer The sign of a higher {presence, a rapture which may not ccaso Till it reach the great Nirvana and blend into endless peace. A symbol of something coming, revealing some time to be, The ripples of glory lapping the shore of an endless sea : The secret of life eternal, too grand for the bonds of speech, Conveying a soundless mcsca c to the wait ing souls on the beach. So the soul receives its message, by a route wo may not trace, From the deeps where fathomless silence broods ever in endless Bpacc ; Where the finite may not measure with its puny rula and rod The truths which the soul rccciveth direct from the heart of God. J. Edgau Jonks. 