TiHE ELEPHANT TAMIER'. In Thlrce Chapters, (From Ctlamber's Journal.) CIHAPTER I.-THE TAMING OF SUHAITA. "WILt, the Sahib shoot it as it stands in the stable, or shall we take it outside the kheddah to be shot 7" "I'll shoot it in the stable, jemadar. It would he dangerous to attempt to move it. Malhanieja and Snndara could easily drag the body outside, afterwards. See that the two are ready harnessed to-morrow morning." "At what time will the Sahib shoot it I" " About eight o'clock. And see thit half. a dozen men are ready with axes and knives to take out its tusks and to out off its feet." "Very well, Sahib. It has been very furious today. It nearly killed Soojah the mahout, as he was throwing a bundle of fodder to it, It chipped a great piece out of one of the posts with its left tusk as it thrust at him." "lIs the tusk damaged?" "Not eeriously, Sahib, I believe,. I have not seen it myself; but Soojah reports thata small piece is broken off the tip." " I would like to see it: the tusk may be cracked." S? saying, Captain Eaton put on his sun. helmet, and accompaniedby the old jemadar, stepped out of his office into the elephant. yard. Captain Eaton was in charge of the govern. ment elephant kheddah or depot at Jehana. bad. It was a responsible and important poest, for there were more than one hundred ele phants, in the kheddah, and several hundred men were employed as mahouts and fodder coolies and in other capacities to look after them. Standing in rows in several huge and lofty dheds, supported by ponderous wooden posts, were the kheddah elephants, taking their noonday rest. They were of all sizes and sexes, from the stately high- caste tusker to the little newly-born calf with its hairy head and short undeveloped trunk. They wereall busily engaged in aounching their fodder, consisting of great bundles of grass and green leaves and pieces of sugar- cane. All were in incessant motion, swaying their bodies back wards and forwards, shifting their legs nn. easily, swinging their heads and trunks, and flapping theirears. Near by sat the mahouts and other attendants smoking, and watch. ing their elephants feeding. As the Sahib entered the yard, they all rose quickly and salaamed to him profoundly. Having walked through the sheds and glanced at the elephants, and given a few orders to the mahouts, Captain Eaton pro. ceeded across the yard to a small shed in one corner, where, tethered by itself,'tood a huge tucker. It was evident there was something wrong with the animal, for its legs were secured by huge chains, fastened to posts buried deep in the ground. A heavy chain was wound round its neck, behind iti ears but the ends had become unfastened, and were hanging loose. " Shailin," or the Demon, for that was the elephant's well.deeerve name, was a pecu liarly dangerous brute. Daring the past three or four years he had killed several men, and had of lato become so vicious that for several weeks he had not been taken out of the stable. iHe was kept heavily chained, and was con stantly watohed. His food was thrown to him from r. distance, no one daring to go within reach of his long tusks or trunk. The torn-up floor, the splintered woodwork of the stable, and the great raw wounds on its legs caused by the chains in its struggles, showed to what fits of fury it was liable. It was now under sentence of death; for Eaton having reported that it was unserviceable, and also unfit for sale on acoaunt of its savage dis position, had received orders to shoot it. The elephant was of great size; but its long legs, roach back, small head, and other bad points, showed it to be a low-caste animal. It had a pair of long, white, scimitar-like tusks, the points of which nearly touched the ground. It was mottled, especially about the forehead,. ears, and fore-legs, with pale flesh-coloured patches, giving it a most unpleasant appear as Captain Eaton, followed by the jemadar and some other men, approached, the eles phant, which had been restlessly swaying it self backwards and forwards, stopped for an instant, cocked its ears viciously, and looked at its foes malevolently with its little pig-like eyes. Then it resumed its restless move ments, as if unconscious of their presence, nevertheless keeping a sharp look out for an opportunity of striking at any one coming within reach. When the Captain had ap. proached as close to it as he thought safe in order to examine the injured tusk, the ele phant struck furiously at him with its trunk; and as he stepped back to avoid the blow, he heard a deep voice behind him say : " Salaam 1 Sahib I" Turning sharply, Captain Eaton found standing behind him a tall gaunt Afghan, clad in dirty and tattered clothes, and carry ing in his sinewy right hand a heavy iron anknus or elephant driving-hook. He was evi dently an extremely powerful man; and his face was in keeping with his stature, for it was a somewhat uncommon one. He was very dark for an Afghan, and had a huge hooked nose like the beak of a vulture. The expression of his mouth, partially concealed by a flowing black moustache and beard, was hard and stern. Under his bushy eyebrows gleamed a pair of dark sunken eyes, painted round with henna, keen, fierce, and unflinch ing, like those of a wild beast. As Eaton glanced at him, he thought hoehad never seen so forbidding a face. " Who are you ? " he asked. " I am named Box Khn n; I am a Kanda hira," replied the man, in a voice of singular depth and power. "What are you?" "I am an elephant-tamer," - " An elaphant-tamer I" echoed the'captain with a laugh. " Would you like to try your hand on this spenimen ?" ' If the Saleib will permit," was the quiet reo ply. "By what means." Withot't a word, the Afghan tightened his waistcloth and settled his turban firmly on his head. Then grasping his driving-hoosk, he stepped fearlessly up to the elephant, and oseizing it by one ear, shouted: " Kneel down I" Instead of immediately seizing him with its trunk, or attempting to driveite tuske through him, as all who saw it expected, the elephant shrank from the Afghan as far as it could, in evident fear. " lueel down; " thundered the Afohan again. To the amazement of the lookers-on, the elephant slowly bent its knees and lowered itself in a crouching attitude. But the low rumbling noise it made, and the quick move ment of its ears and fierce little eyes, showed that though overawed and startled, its savage nature was not subdued. Seizing thetrailing ends of the chain round its neck, the Afghan made them fast. Then, to the horror of all who were lookling on, he deliberately com. menced to unfasten the chains by which the elephant was tethered. " What are you doing ? Let those chains alone I " shouted Capltain Eaton. The Afghan took no notice of the order. t By Allah, I believe tlhe manuis mad I " ex. claimed the old jemedar. " Gracious powers, the brute will be loose in another momentl" ejaculated Captain Eaton, horrorstrack at the impending dan ger, Stepping forward, he was abourto seize the Afghan, in order to drag him out of the stable, when the elepha?y suddenly rose to its feet. It was doo late. Its fore-legs and one hin4.-leg were free, oqd the Afghan was busy uncoupling the chain on its other leg. Shout. ing, 'Ieun, crn all of you en!" Captain Eaton darted out-of the stable, and ran at the top of his speed to his bungalow, outside the Khed dah, to get his rifle, in the hope of being able to shoot the elephant before it did any dam age. Another moment, and the huge beast was free. As the last chain fell from its leg, the Afghan sprang forward, and seizing the animal again by the ear, shouted in stentorian tones: 'Kneel down I kneel down I' With a muffled rumble, half of fear and half of rage, the elephant knelt for a moment on his hind-knees. Leaping on to its bent leg, the Afghan clambered on to its back, and in another moment was firmly seated on its shoulders, with his legs securely twisted into the chain round its neck. A moment later, Shaitdn strode out of the stable into the open yard with the Afghan on its back, and with head erect, extended trunk, and fiery eyes, ready to do battle with all creation. Its irset effort was to get rid of its rider. Standing in the open, with one leg uplifted, it endea voured to shake the Afghan off. But though his turban flew one way and his knife an other, and his waistband was shaken loose, the Afghan keps his seat through the grip he had of the neck-chain with his legs. The in stant the elephant stopped its efforts to shake him off, the Afghan raised his driving-hook, which he had never let go, and dealt some blows on Shaitin's head. Confused andmad dened, Shaitia turnedrounndendround,equeal ing with rage and fear. heanwhile, the whole kheddah was in the utmost confusion, and the uproar tremendous. All the-lephant-attendants had fled, some outside the kheddah, and others into the buildings in the yard, dragging their wives and children with them; while the rest had climbed on to the roofs of the sheds or on to the walls. The elephants tethered in the shede, excited by Shbaiti'e furious bellowing, were trumpeting shrilly in response, and straining heavily at their ropes and chains. The-tremb. ling elephant-attendants, looking on from places of safety, expected every moment to see some huge tusker break loose, and what would happen then, they knew only too well -a battle royal between it and Shaitdn. Suddenly, with an ear-piercing trumpet, Shaitdn rushed across the yard to where, tethered with two others, stood a sick ele. phant, quiet and listless. With one blow, Shait.n knocked it down flat on its side. It then lowered its head, to drive its tusks into the prostrate elephant; but upon being chas tised by its rider the Afghan, it recoiled, and again attempted, though unsuccessfully, to shakehim off. Another attempt to attack the other elephants in the shed was frustrated by the Afghan in a similar way. All at once, with head up, ears cooked, and tail stiff out be= hind, Shaitdn turned and made straight at. ross the yard for the great gate of the khed dah. By Captain Eaton's order, thegate had been shut, and-ponderous-wooden bars drawn across is. Seeing the elephant coming, the men on the tops of the walls and sheds shouted, in order to try and turn it. It went straight for it, however. There was a tremen. dous shock, a loud crash, and the next mo ment ShsitAu was outside the kheddah, and careering down the street into the town with Buox KI(in still on its back. A few seconds later, Captain Eaton ap peared, running from his bungalow, carrying his heavy ride. A glance at the shattered gateway showed him he was too late; but he determined to follow the elephant and shoot it as soon as possible. Calling on a couple of his men to follow him, he set off in the direc tion the elephant had taken. He had no oc casion to ask the way; the crowds of excited natives that he met on the road showed the sensation that Shaitzin ha.i created as he passed. As Eaton neared the town, his anxiety lest he should be too late to shoot the animal before it had done some dreadful damage, became intense. To his great relief, however, he found that it had gone through the whole length of the town without injur ing anything or anybody. In answer to his inquiries, the natives told him that it was going at full speed as it passed, and that the Afghan was still on its back. Captain gaton followed the elephant for several miles beyond the town, but without overtaking it. At length, he gave up the pursuit, and returned to the kheddabh, where he immediately ordered several fleet elephants to be got ready, and sent them off in charge of a number of steady picked men, whom he armed with rifles, to look for the escaped elephant. He determined to follow them as soon as he had seen to the elephant that had been attacked and thrown down by Shaitdin, and had restored order in the kheddah. About two hours later, while the captain was hard at work in the kheddah, a mahout, greatly excited, rushed in, exclaiming: "Sahib, Sahib I Shai:in is coming back, and that madman is still riding him." "Has he been caught? Is he coming with the other elephants ?" "No, Sahib; he is coming alone, and that mad fellow is still on his back :" whereupon Eaton caught up his loaded rifle, which was leaning against the wall, and ran to the gate. He arrived there just as Shait:in entered the kheddah. But instead of a furious madcrea ture stridding wildly along and trumpeting with rage, there entered a quiet, silent, sub. deed elephant with banging head, limp trunk, and slow, weary step. As Eaton raised his rifle to shoot it, the Afghan shouted: "Do not fire, Sahib. It is quiet now. I will take it to the stable and tie it up." Though greatly inclined to do so, Captain Eaton did not fire, but keeping at a safe dis tance, with his eye on it, determined to shoot it dead at the first sign of intended mischief. Guided, however, by the Afghan, the creature walked slowly and quietly to its stable, and knelt at hit order. The Afghan then descended from its back and made fast its legs with the chains. Having next ordered it to rise, he walked round it eeveral times and patted its sides, speaking encouragingly, as it shrank from him in evident terror. Then, having arranged his disordered garments, Bux Khdn stepped quietly up to where Eaton stood and made his salaam. For the last three hours, the captain had been boiling over with rage. That a strange Afghan-insane, as he supposed-ehouldhave come into the Aheddah, released a mad ele. phant, and ridden oftf with it,afterendangering the lives of all the people and elephants in the place, was an occurrence so extraordinary that he could scarcely find words to express his surprise and wrath. But when the same A?ghan proved to be a sane man and brought the elephant back safe, quiet, and amenable to orders, his wrath ohanged to admiration. The man's great stature, his striking though forbidding face, his iron nerve and coolness, and the strange power he seemed to possess, impressed the AngBlo-Indian greatly. "Well, friend," he said, as the Afghan salaamed, "you have given us a great deal of trouble this afternoon, and put the lives of many people in danger." "The Sahib gave me permission to try and tame the elephant," replied the man quietly. ' That is true," said Captain Eaton; "but had I supposed for a moment that you were going to sete it at liberty, I would never have given you permission. However, you seem to have been snccessful. Will the lesson you have given him be permanent? Will he re main quiet ?" "While I am with him, he will, Sahib." " Would it be safe for me to go up. to him now?" a "No, Sahib. Though he fears me, and will hot attempt to attacsok me, it would not be so in your case. It will be dangerous for you or any one but myself to go near him for the ~present." "What brought you here to.day?" "I came to apply for work, Sahib." "Well, as you have been so successful in taking the fiend out of that creature, you hxd i better remain in charge of it till 1 have decided what is to be done." So saying, Eaten turned to the jemadar, and ordered the Afghan's name to be entered on the roll of mahouts at the same rate of pay as that drawn by Shaithin's former mahoot, who was given other work. After having given various other orders and had a good look at the conquered Shaitdn, the captain walked off to his bungalow. The result of his meditations that evening over the strange events of the afternoon was that next morning he wrote a long report to government, detailing what had happened, and strongly recommending that the elephant should not be shot, as ordered, but left in charge of Bux Khbin, the elephant-tamer. He, however, requested permiession to shootit at once, without waiting for the sanction of government, in the event of its breaking out egain. CHAP. II.-THE ELEPII5NT-TAM5R'e, CHILD. NEXT morning, Box Kihan entered on his duties as the mahout of the elephant Shaitin. According to his prediction, Shaitiu, after the severe lesson it had received, remained quiet and made no attempt to attack him. The animal would not, however, allow any one else to approach it; and an unfortunate fodder coolie, who carelessly went within its reach while throwing it a bundle of grass, received a blow from its trunk that rent him to the hospital for several days. Bux Kbsn had consequently himself to do all the work connected with the elephant-to feed and bathe it, and to dress its sores and to clean out its stable. He took it every day to work; and it wrought steadily and quietly, without evincing the slighest disposition to attack any of the other elephants. In fact Shaitou became to all intents and purposes a perfectly steady, hard-working elephant, with the single fault, that it was extremely dangerous for any person but its mahout to go near it. The feat that Bux Kbhin had performed in subduing Shaitnn made him, in the eyes of all who were employed at the kheddah, a sort of hero. None of them, however, could under stand the strange power he seemed to exercise over the savage brute. Many of them attri buted it to magic. An impudent fodder coolie ventured to ask him one day what was the charm he employed. But so fierce was the scowl with which the Afghan responded to the question, that the man turned hastily away, and never afterwards dared to speak to him. The peculiar temper and disposition of the elephant.tamer only served to confirm the opinion of his fellows that there was some thing uncanny about him. He was very taci turn, never speaking except on matters of business. Frequently, though addressed in a friendly manner, he would make no reply. When not at work, he would sit smoking for hours near his elephant, with his eyes on the ground, silent and motionless, and apparently oblivious of all surroundings. He would not associate with any of his fellow-mahouts, but cooked his own meals and ate them by him self. Bux KAbi , however, won golden opinions from Captain Eaton by the way he did hiq work. Slsaitia rapidly improved in condition and temper, and became as valuable and useful an animal as any in the kheddah. About three days after his installation as Shaitan's mahout, Brx Khan applied one afternoon for an hours leave of absence. On his return, ho brought with him a little boy, about five years old. who was evidently his son, though as unlike him in many respects as it was possible to be. The child was ex ceedingly pretty, of a bright olive complexion, with an oval face, regular features. great soft black eyes, and long. dark curling hair, de scending to his shoulders. He was dressedin bright-colored clothes, and wore gold bangles andanklets. As Bus Kbtin entered thokheddah carrying the child, its beauty immediately at tracted the attention of the people standing near, and many friendly remarkweres made and ealutions uttered. The Afghan, however, made no reply, and took no notice of anybody, but rarried the child straight to his hut at the bask of Shaitnm's stable. There he remained undisturbed, every parson in the kheddah having by this time learned better than to thrust his company or conversation on the elephant- tamer unbidden. It very soon became evident that Baux Kbn was passionately fond of his child, and also exceedingly jealous of any attentions paid to it. He resented unmistakably any attempt on the part of strangers to patronise or pot the child, and would not allow it to play with the other children in the kheddah, of whom there were many. He rarely let it out of his sight, and tended it as carefully and gently as a mother her first-born. The child was as fond of him as he of it, and would lie in -his lap as he eat smoking, pulling his beard with its little hands and laughing in his face with childish glee. At such times, something like the ghost of a grim smile would pass over the elephant-tamer's rigid features, only to be exchanged for a dark frown, should any stranger pass by and witness the little scene. Something which ha;.pened one day effect ually put a stop to any further disposition on the part of the people in the lkheddah to take notice of the child, Observing one of the elephant attendants to be gazingveryearnestly at the child as it -was playing about, Buz Khba immediately concluded he was casting an evil eye on it. Starting to his feet, the Afghan seized a heavy cudgel and rushed at the man. Luckily for himself, the fellow was a nimble runner, and succeeded in escaping unhurt. The matter was reported to Captain Eaton, and he was at first disposed to punish Box Khin for the unprovoked attack; but afterwards decided to pass it over, as the man attacked had not been hurt, and he thought it would do more harm than good to take notice of it. Nothing was known of the mother of the child; but there was a dark rumor current in the kheddah that fBuxKbin had in a fit of jealousy murdered his wife, a young girl to whom he had been devoutedly at tached, and had since gone mad with remorse. One thing was certain, no one ventured to question him on the subject. Several weeks passed away and Captain Eaton had seen no reason to change the good opinion he had formed of the elephant-tamer. He was by far the best mahout is the khed dah; and his sobriety, steadines, and regu larIity made him a model to all the others. His good conduct soon brought him an unexpec ted reward. For some time past, Eaton had been dis satisfied with the conduct of the jemadar, his head- man. He was getting very old, and being of an easy, kindly disposition, had al. lowed many irregularities to creep into the daily work at the kheddah, the consequence being that discipline was much relaxed. An. other thing that troubled Captain Eaton was that a batch of elephants had recently arrived at the kheddah from Lower Bengal, the mahouts and coolies in charge of which were the worst he had ever had to dealwith. They were most of them low.easteHindus, and were a noisy, drunken, turbulent lot, ever giving trouble, and taxing Eaton's patience to the utmost. Drunken orgies, followed fights, had of late been of frequent occurrence; while several of the men being confirmed bang smokers, were often incapable of work, Com. plaints of petty thefts in the kheddah had also become common, Captain Eaton had dis. missed one or two and flogged othern without improving matters much, and was now at his wits' end. He determined to pension off the old jemadar and appoint another man in his place, on whom he could rely to assist him in restoring order and discipline; nor had he far to look. In Box Kbin he had a man to. his hand, whom all respected or feared, and whose giant strength, cool courage, and' iron nature fitted him above all others to role tr. buleut and reckless charaoters. Though there were eeperal eldely mahonts who, by right olseniority and good conduct, were entitlq4 to the post of jelmadar, Estu, w.os not long in making up his mind to appoint the Afghan. Having decided on this step, he sent for him at once. "BUx Khin," he said, when the elephant tamer presented himself, "I have sent for you to tell you that I am greatly pleased wi.h the way in which you have conducted yourself since you entered my service." Bux hKbin salaamed, but made no reply. SI am therefore about to reward you, and to raise you to a post of great responsibility and trust: I intend to make you jemadar." Box Khin salaamed again, but without any expression of surprise or pleasure. " You know the trouble we have had recently with those Bengalees ; I shall rely on you to' put down all disturbances and irregularities." " Sahib I" replied Buz Khan, not boastfully, buot with quiet conviction, " Iam one whom men obey. I will keep those Hindu dogs in order." So the elephant-tamer was made jemadar; and the wisdom of the appointment was soon manifest. At first, there was some natural grumbling and discontent; but it was soon recognised that Box Khain was in his right place. So great was the respect all had for him, and so strong was the feeling among the bad characters of the kheddah that it was a proceeding of no ordinary peril to disobey or thwart the new jemadar, that in a few days the turbulent were overawed, the drunkards and bang-smokers frightened into keeping sober, and the petty thieves induced to drop their objectionable habits. Something happended, however, one day to make Captain Eaton regret for the time that he had made Bur KbhAn jemadar. He was standing in the kheddah, and superin. tending an operation that was being per formed on an elephant named Shaitou, and twenty or thirty yards, stood ShsitlA in its stable. In front of it, but out of its reach Bux bKhn's little son was playing about, but, strange to say, Bux KhAn himself was not in eight. He had suddenly been called away to attend to some important duty, and for once had let his child out of his eight, when sud denly one of the men who was assisting at the operation exclaimed : "Sahib, Sahib I look at the child I Allah preserve it!" LIoking quickly up, Captain Eaton saw, is his horror, that Buox bAn's child had in his play approached within reach of Shaildo. Almost before he could realise the danger, he soaw baitdn stride forward to the full length of his chains, and stretching out his trunk, seize the child round the body. The child was but a mere feather.weight to the elephant, and with one twist of its powerful truck, ii threw him into the air over its shoulder into the etable behind. The little fellow fell on to a heap of fodder, and Shaitao was turning round to eeize him, when Captain Eaton rushed to the child's rescue. He was only just in time. Loaning up against the stable wall wasan elephant-spear, with which he gave the brute a thrust, caus. ing it to turn on him, and with one blow to to strike the spear out of his hands. Before the elephant could strike again, Captain Eaton darted past it, and seizing the child by the arm, tried to drag him out of the stable. As he stooped to grasp the child's arm, the elephant kicked out violently, and the gallant rescuer was hurled heavily against the stable wall, He fortunately fell in such a position that Shaitln could not easily get at him. Nevertheless, the brute made a thrust side. ways at him with its tusks, one of which passed through the loose part of his coat, grazing his side. Before ShaitAn could re peat the thrust, aspear, thrown by one of the men who had hastened to their master's as. sietance, struck the ferocious animal. With a roar of pain, the brute threw its head up, whereupon Eaton seized the opportunity to roll sideways out of its reach, dragging the child with him. Having failed in its murder. ous intentions, Shnailio, after rumbling with rage for a few moments, commenced to eat again, as if nothing had happenel. Heanwhile, the captain had carried the child to his office and examined him to see it he was hurt. To his surprise, he found him uninjured. His having fallen on the bundle of fodder, when the elephant threw him into the air, had saved the child from breaking any bones. That evening, as Captain Eaton sat smok. ing in his verandah after dinner, Box Kbdn stalked in, and standing before him, salaamed deeply two or three times without saying a word; then touching his master's knees and feet, and afterwards his own forehead, he salaamed again, and walked silently away. And the Englishman knew better than if Bux Khain had spent an hour in protestations, that he had in the jemadar a devoted follower, bound to him by the tit of a gratitude deep and lasting. This new outbreak of Shaitiu's decided Captain Eaton to get rid of it at once, as too dangerous an animal to keep in the kheddah. Hoe determined to shoot it next day. But he was saved the trouble. Early next morning, before he went to his offiee, an old mahout presented himself at the bungalow. "Will the Sahib please come down to the kheddah at once?" he said. "We have something to show him." "What is the matter?" " Shaitan i5 dead." replied the man. " Dead I What did he die of ?" "He has been killed," was the reply. Captain Eaton at once hurried down to the kheddah, and went straight to Shaitin's stable. There lay the elephant on its side dead, in a great pool of blood. An examina showed that it had received two deep thrusts behind the left fore-leg, both of which must have penetrated its heart, The spear with which the wounds had evidently been inflicted was lying on the floor of the stable. There was no occasion to ask who had done the deed. There was but one man in the kheddah who had sufficient strength and courage, as every one knew, and that was Bu KlCh;in, the jema dar. He hadelearly, during the night, taken vengeance on the elephant for its attack on his child, Eaton at once sent for him and taxed him with the offence. The Afghan did not attempt to deny it, and his face darkened and his eyes gleamed as he said grimly: " It is true, Sahib; I killed it." Captain Eaton spoke severely to him, point ing out to him the gravity of the offence he had committed; but in his heart he sympath ised with the man, and was glad the danger ous creature had thus been desposed of. Box Kbin listened silently, and made no attempt to exculpate himself. It was well for him th at the death of the elephant had already been decided on. Ho had merely forestalled the order which would have been given next day, and was consequently lightly punished by a trifling fine. Had any other man than Box Khin been the offender, he would not only have been dismissed, but probably have been committed to jail. The jemadar was too valu able a man,however, to lose: and his English master was glad of any excuseto peass over the matter. He took care, howevoer, to let every one employed at the kheddah know lthe reason for his leniency, warning them at the same time that any attempt to kill or injure any elephant in the future would be visited with the severest punishment. (Conefuded in nur, next.) "The Good Old Times." Tor old times were not oodd times, at least for servants. Here isa deed which, now-a. days, would be deemed most brutal and anmanly, recorded in "Pepys's Diary" as rather commendable than otherwise: "pecembor 2, 16SO.-This morning, obsery ing some things to be laid up not as they sbould be by my girl, I took a broom and baeted her till she cried exceedingly." lNornsno i easier than fault.finding. No talent, no self-denial, no brains, no character a?e required to set up in the grumbling balioess. 28 v@ieee ,. ~ :· 