TALES AND SKETCH ES. A moment of l'uftfclon. I could never quito understand Jlrs. Lovnsoii, although I hail known lior intimately for somotliing like twelve or fourleen years, and had been thrown in her company under very trying circum stances ; but although we had been to gether through storms and tempests, on sea and on land, she had ncvor allowed ma to ponatratc bononth the thick voil slio spread over her past ; and, singu larly enough, in this little world of ours, I hnd never como across any one who had known her, or, what was more to the point, who hnd known her husband. During all our adventures his nnmo had never been spoken. I know enough from her own lips to be awnre that sho was a wealthy heiress ; indeed, her manner of living proved tlint money was plentiful enough, and whon I first ir.ndo her acquaintance, in a tiny Swiss inn, whoro sho had hnd 0110 of her worst nt- tncks of her terrible complniut, without so much as a maid with her, sho had mullorcd that she was all alone in the world, but that I should not be forgot ten if I stood by her to the last, She scomod surprised to think our ensos wore much alike ; for I told her I was rich too, and all alone. But when I men tioned my licro, who sleeps in bis distant gtavo in Afghanistan, and exported her confidence in return, sho only laughed impatiently, nnd changed the subject as soon as sho could. Still, for nil that, wo became staunch friends, nnd sinco then havo travelled well-nigh nil over the world in each other's company, I suppose she trusted mo bccnuso I rcnlly wanted nothing from her, either in tho past, future, or present j for I novor enred to question her, and my means wcro too nmplo to nllow of her suspect ing 1110 of designs upon her purso. Ono year I was seized by a fearful attnek of home-sickness ; it was ton yenrs since I had seen London, nnd I yearned — shall confess it ? — for tho familiar Bond Strcot shops, nnd a sight of tho dear dirty town. But Jlrs. Lovnson would liavo noiio of it j nnd instead of Bond Street, I found myself in Yokohama. .fudge of my surpriso, then, when sho herself proposed this Inst spring to rush over to our nnlivo land, cn route for a hotiso in .Scotland, that, in a moment of cxtrcmo confidence, sho told ma was ono among her numerous possessions. Wo torn through London and rushed up north by tho mail train, nnd finally arrived breathless, dusty, nnd dirty, on the shores of Loch Jlarcc. Xhcro was not a soul to meot us, nnd not ono who knew oven Jlrs. Lovnson, though sho hnd lived there until sho was twenty-one. " No wonder," sniil sho, as sho throw me a portrait across the brcakfast-tablo ; " thcra is no resemblance thoro to me, is there ?" nnd sho waited for my nnswer, looking mo straight in the face in a most embarrassing manner. No ; there certainly was not. Hero was a pretty, charming, laughing girl, with bright brown curlB nnd deep blue eyes, with never a cloud in them ; thero a dour, sail-faced crcnturo of over forty, with quito ivhito hair, nnd eyes generally so downcast, so miscrablo- looking, that I had never learned their real colour before. Sho laughed when sho saw my expres sion, nnd told me I need not speak- Shcsnw what I thought in my fnoo, and bidding me ntnusa myself as best I could, for she would -bo busy for tho next few hours, -she took tho picture, nnd went up-stnirs crooning an old Boti- maninn song of lovo nnd revenge, that always seemed to mnko my flesh crcop, there was something so uncanny about it. Sho came in from ono of her usual long, solitary rambles ono day, and, sinking down into her chair, sat looking into tho lira as if sho saw dreadful pictures in the cherry blazo. Sbo ap peared so old, so Btern, I hardly knew lior, nnd I looked npprolionsivcly nt her, dreading the return of her awful disenso, and wondering how I could cope with ani/in/t pectoris so far from any medical assistance. And I supposo I must havo sail) something, for presently sho re marked; without turing her head, ' No, Jlnry ,:I' mhj. hot going to bo ill ; but I havo hn'd: a-fenrful shock — " Truo to my resolvo never to question her, I said' ndtliing ; but, coming closo to her; I put iny hand oh her shoulder, and begged her:to bo calm, nnd to forget it as soon as sho could. And I then found out sho was wet through — as wet ns if sho hnd fallon into tho Loch, and scnrcoly had troubled to wring her gar ments out. Of courso, I made her clinngo all hor raiment, nnd when slio was clothed and warmed, I sat down by her and began to rend Browning, hoping to turn her thoughts into another channel as quickly as might bo. Sho seemed to listen quietly, but'soon she turned to mo and said, " No other womnn would have been ns sweet, as little given to curiosity, ns you linvo been, Jlnry ; I feel I can trust you, and X am going to toll you my story. For fivc-nud-twonty years I have homo my sorrow silontly ; now I am going to conlido in you. I know too well now that I enn really nnd truly trust you. Jlnry, to-day when I wont out over tlio hills, I met my husband— " I nra ashamed to confess it, bnt my heart gave quite a rapturous jump j but I said nothing. X let Browning fall, and taking her hand in mine, waited I qniotly until sho closo to Bpeak, - " Tho last timo I saw him was nt tho wcdding-brcnkfnst. Think of that, Jlnry — think of tlint ! I can soo him now, a falsa wretch, as ho stood, his hand on tho back of my chair, ns I roso to loavo to change my dress. And that was tho very last I saw of him until this afternoon, when wo mut like two ghosts, nnd ho told me that my rovenge was complete, nnd that ho nnd his wero starving. Think of tlint, Jlnry — starv ing, nnd ho might havo been master lioro, and of a dozon places besides 1' No, my nnmo is not Lovnson — of courso not ; it is — And then sho mentioned a nnmo that wild horses should not draw from mo, but that made mo shiver ns if I too hnd hnd n bnlii in the Loch, " Nover in all my life," sho continued, ''had I boon denied a singlo thing. 1 was tho Inst of my race, nnd I was to mnko a brilliant marriage. A lloynl dulto hnd cast an eyo my way, and a special Act of Parliament was hinted at ; but beforo negotiation wero com plete I had mot Donald, nnd soon we wero engaged, and tho wedding-day fixed ; and X was head over ears in busi ness and settlements, and all the rost of tho bustlo insepnrnblo from a wedding liko inino was to bo. " Jlildrcd Lawton wns my poor com panion, Jlnry, Slio wns protty nnd sweet, I knew, nnd I trusted her. Often onough when I wns busy I sent hor down to nmuso Donald, nnd novel- for ono momont saw the harm in it ; but just beforo tho day of tho marringo Donah! cnmo to mo, nnd confessed his lovo for Jlildrcd, begging mo to rolonso him and forget him ns sooin as mnybo. "But I laughed at him, and told liini it was only infatuation : ho would soon forget hor, for ho hnd nt first loved mo really, Jlnry (nnd moil cannot clinngo weathercocks, you know) ; nnd nftor n whilo bo Bnid I wns right; it wns infatuation, and ho would forget Jlildrcd as soon as ever hor could. - " I enn't think why I did not send hor away nt onco ; but — sho wns going to bo my ono bridesmaid — pcoplo tnlk so ; I wished to keep hor under my own eye, nnd I really seemed to bo in tho right. IIo ncvor mot or spoko to her until tho fntnl moment when T went up-stnirs to change my dross, whon Jlildrcd, linger ing behind, met Donald os he snys it wns an instant impulse, a moment of itngo- vcrnablo passion. Without a word tlioy fled in tho enrringo wniting totnko us on our wedding tour ; nnd whon I came down tho houso was in confusion. They wcro oil, nnd there was not a soul truo to mo — true enough to mo to tho guilty pair nnd bring him back to his wifo. " Of courso Donald bogged and prayed mo to divorco him ; but I novor would. Tlint woman should ncvor benr his name, or bo his bonost wife ; and I have hunted tliom from pillar to post, until ho has boon driven to como and beg' for mercy for lior, and him at my hands. Ho is n doctor : ha tries to sottlo down. Then comes a whisper — then tho scandal spreads ; and off ho has to go, wander ing through tho world. Sho stolo him from mo ; slio sco3 tho effect, sho feels tho effect. Docs his lovo comp'onsnto hor, I wonders for sickly, starved, nnmo- lcss children — for blighting his wkolo enreor — for ruining my lifo 7 " As Jlrs. LcvnBon pnused for a moment, and seemed unnblo to continuo tho story, I at last ventured to spoak. " Lovo componsatos for all," I said, crying. " Lot him go, dear — dearest Jlrs. Loracon ; let liini go, and lot liirn marry tho wretched motlior of his children." "You too, Jfnryl" sho said faintly, "yon too 1 Havo you no pity for mo ? Xtcmcmbor tho girl X was, not quito twenty-ono, young, rich, and beautiful. What am X now ? A woman old beforo my timo, possessed of a disenso caused by sorrow and trouble, nnd tlint may kill mo at any moment. Nay, ns long as X livo I will hunt them down. I should not havo told you my story, had I thought for a momont you would havo gona against mo. Forgot it all, JIary ; now leave mo, for I want to bo nlono and kissing 1110 quietly, sho motioned mo away, and X left her as she ilosirod ; for I could novor nrgno, nnd I seemed to have a good deal to think about. I sot my window opon, nnd, sitting down, bennn to mediate, and how loner that lasted X really do not know ; hut pro- scntly ho was roused by a curious sound, and looking out, X saw Jlrs. Lovasou gliding down tho avenuo, nnd making, ns I feared, for the Loch. Xt did not tako mo long to put on my hood anil clonk and follow lior ; but X shall novor forget tho walk. Leaving tho Loch on one side, sho wont on liko a mad thing — over hedges and ditches, as it seemed to mo ; nothing stopped hor, 01- 1110 either, for tho mnttor of that ; nnd on wo wont, until wo cnmo to n liltlo villngo, so hidden among the hills tlint X, . tor one, had never known of it boforo. Jlrs. Lovason stopped at 0110 of tho poorest cottages thero, and peered in at tho uncurtainoil window. Something sho saw thero socmod to ploaso lior, nnd, laughing to herself, sho went on into the shadow of tho porch of tho house, nnd X followed ; cntcliing sight as I did so of a uinn and woman sitting by tho lioarth together, in such an nttitudo, nnd look ing so misornble, X myself could havo criod over thorn, although they certainly doserved nil tlioy wcro suffering. I had scarcely passed tho window, when, with a torriblo cry, Jlrs. Lovnson flnng up her arms, nnd foil forward on hor face. I hurried up to lior, and ondoavourcd to sootho Her, but it was no uso ; nnd I rushed to tho cottage and called Donald; Donald !"— for I did not know his other nnmo, and it wns no timo for ceremony.- Poor soul, it was over j but it must have boon a bitter mouiciit for tlint other woman. For Donald really had loved his wrotched wifo, nnd llioir wliolo lives had boon wrecked, as sho said, only in a singlomomcnt of passion. ' Curiously enough, tho settlements, which had novor boon cancelled— I don't know, by tho way, if tlioy could legally have boon cencellod— gnvo all to Donald, and poverty nnd enro disappeared when my poor friend died. But X think sbo would havo wished it after that denth-bed scono ; and though, of course, Donald nnd Jlildrcd nro married, tho story has got about, and tho county does not enro to visit wbcrotho five or six sons nnd daughters aro all mora or loss good looking, and who havo 110110 of thom any right to tho nnmo tlioy benr. 