CHAPTEE XIV. RECOVERV. Mrs. Francey already knew from Yorker of the discovery of Arnold, and something of his condition, and had everything prepared for his reception. Her first care, however, was for her daughter. The girl, slipping down from her horse, bedraggled and torn, threw herself into her arms. "Oh, mother, mother!" " Oh, Rounce ? How yon have terrified me! What could have led yoa to venture alone into that terrible place ? " All immediate dancer over, the girl's feel ings gave way utterly, and she dung to tier mother in a passion of hysteric weeping. : " There, there. Hush, my child. I am not angry. See, they are carrying Arnold in. You must go to bed at once. Come." She kissed flounce tenderly, and drew her into the store. As mother and daughter en tered flounce involuntarily started, for there, guarded by Peter Doyle and Jem Davis, was Gabriel Lobo, handcuffed and bound, lying huddled ap in one comer. For a moment she caught bis gleaming eyes fixed upon her, and then she turned her head away with a shudder and passed on into the littie sitting room. Mrs. Francey had a bed for Arnold there, and Yorkey and Burtisland were undressing him. The two women passed on into their own room. There the widow helped Rounce to take off her wet garments, and kissing her tenderly, left her, thoroughly exhausted, to fall asleep. Arnold was weak and broken. Food was given him-a little at a time, and liquid only. Poor fellow, it was the first he had taken for over a week. Mrs. Francey fed him slowly with a spoon. He swallowed eagerly what she offered him, and then fell asleep. "I wouldn't let him sleep too long," said Burtisland. " Wake him up in. a short time and give him some more." " Yes; but I think Bomsbody ought to go for the doctor," said the widow. " Peter or Jem had better go, I'll tell them. Is Miss Rounce asleep? Poor girl, she has had a terrible night of it." "Oh, Mr. Burtisland, bow I have been terrified abont her! I think Bhe must be asleep. She's so quiet" She walked on tip-toe to the bedroom door and opened it a little way. " Yes ; she's fast asleep, poor child," she whispered, closing the door gently. " That sleep '11 do her a world of good. I'll go and tell Peter, and then, I think, I'll turn in myself. I'm completely flone." "Yes, go. And to-morrow morning you will tell me all that took place. I only know what Yorkey told me-that there was a flood, and that Rounce would have drowned only for you. I don't know how she found Arnold. But, oh, Mr. Burtisland, receive a mother's thanks for saving my child." " Don't say anything of that, Mrs. Francey. I'm only too glad I was there to help." " I shall never, never forget the debt I owe you as long as I live." I Her hand sought his, and a silent pressure told of the depth of her feelings. Bartisland's tanned face Hushed deeply. He was unused to emotional forms of gratitude. "Well, I'll be off, he said. "I can do nothing more. I suppose it mnst be nearly one o'clock. We've all earned our night's rest, I think. If I were you, I'd lock the door, and then you'll feel quite safe from anyone in the store. I shall have to leave him there to-night" "Lobo?" " Yes; there's nowhere else to put him. But he'll be guarded. I'm going to bring my blankets down, and camp in the store my self to-night. He won't disturb yon. Good night" " Good night" ... He went softly out into the store, and Mrs. Francey locked the door of the sittingroom behind him; but something seemed to strike him before he turned away, for he knocked gently at the closed door. *4 Mrs. Francey!" I " Yes." " The doctor can't be. here before morn ing, so if I were yoa I'd try to snatch a lew hoars'sleep. Goodnight" In the store Mr. Jem Davis and Mr. Peter DoyUwere sitting, silent and weary, on the llour^Ws, guarding their prisoner. They sat up as Burtisland came out of the inner room. - "Well, boys. Weve got Arnold Golt; but he's very bad. I want one of you to ride over to Combah for the doctor." " What I At this time o' night ? "Somebody must go. I'd go myself, but I'm regularly done. I was near drowned in that infernal Trodd." " Well, I expect Jem'll go," said Mr. Doyle. "No. Jem won't," growled that worthy. " You can ride better nor me. You can go, Peter." "Notme." . "Well, I won't" . . " Somebody's got to go," urged Battislana. "Come, boys; you wouldn't let a man die to l save yourselves a ride, I know," "Tell you what, Jem," said Peter, strucb« by a brilliant idea, " I'll play you a game of euchre who goes." " "Two out of three, sataJeir. "No, there isn't time," expostulated Burtia lft"Well, then, sadden death." They sat down tlien and there to the con test, and the police officer-tired as he was watched them. Fortune declared for Mr. Davis, and he roBe the winner. /'I let yon win," said Peter, swallowing his defeat ofter a manner peculiarly his own. "I knew 1 was the best rider, so I let you win." " Yon let me win ! By Josh ! You don't know how to play euchre no more nor a two year-old. " " Now then, no barneying," interrupted Bnrtisland, "Come on, Peter. Don't lose time. You can take tny mare ; she's saddled and ready in the stable. You needn't spare her._ Come; I want to see you off." Five minutes after, the clatter of hoofs sounded on the road in front of the store, passed on to the bridge, and then were altogether lost to heating. " I want you to stop here to-night, Jem, to Ioilc after the prisoner," said Burtisland, when the last echoes had died away. "I'll keep you company. You stop here while I go for my blankets. I'm going to camp here, too." Next morning Mrs. Francey was astir early, notwithstanding the events of the preced ing night. She awoke before the sun was up. Iter first impulse was to turn to Rounce, lying by her side. The girl was sleeping calmly, with a healthful colour in her face. Satisfied that no ill effects were likely to result from the adventure, Mrs. Francey uttered a silent prayer ot gratitude, and kissing Rounce gently, rose and dressed herself. Arnold was asleep when Bbe entered the sittingroom, and without disturbing him she quietly set about lighting a fire and warm ing up some broth for him. A noise in the store apprised her that the police officer was stirring, and she unlocked the door of communication. "Good morning, Mr. Burtisland. Why, how shocking you look. Are you in pain ?" " 1 am so, Mrs. Francey. It must have been getting wet yesterday. I'm racked with rheumatism. I shall have to go and lay up." He could not help groaning as he spoke. " I am so sorry. And it was in saving Bounce. Go home at once and get. to bed." "I must. I'm not fit for anything like this. I shall have to leave the prisoner here," he continued, a spasm of pain crossing his face, " at all events for a day. I couldn't ride over to Ballan to save my life, racked like this. Jem Davis and some of the other boys will guard him. He won't do any harm." " I don't mind him in the least Leave him here. All I want is to see you get to bed and doctor yourself." "It's all I'm fit for just now. I'll go. Fve already spoken to Jem. He and Yorkey '11 watch the prisoner for to-day, and perhaps you'll see that he gets something to eat." " Yes, of course I will." " That's all, then," said Burtisland, clap ping his hand to his shoulder with a wry face. " I'll lay up for to-day, and get well rubbed down." He went limping off, and Mrs. Francey continued her household duties. Just then Rounce came forth, bright-eyed and eager; and, as though touched by some magnetic influence, Arnold woke and stretched out his arms towards her. " Rounce!" "Arnold." She kissed him tenderly, but he looked up in her face confused and wondering. " Where am I ? What has occurred ? " he asked. " This is-yes-it's the sitting- room, and there's your mother. Ah ; now I know. I was nearly drowned. You told me so. Yes; I remember now-that Lobo-that murderer-where is he ? " "Hush, Arnold, hash. He is safe-a prisoner." I remember it all now," exclaimed the invalid, excitedly. " I found it all out-he murdered poor Jem. I heard him say so that old man, what's his name ?-Yorkey. Yes, I overheard it all; and then I forget everything." " I will tell yon all when you are better, dear Arnold." " No, tell tne now, Rounce. Why am I like this ? Was it through Lobo? " " Ye-yes," she answered, hesitatingly. "Bat how? I remember I tried to kill him when I heard about Jem. How could he nearly drown me ? " " He kept you-in a cave at Trodd's, dear Arnold-drugged." " In a cave ! Drugged!" "Yes." " For how long." " I don't know quite. But it must have been for over a week. " Who found me then V " I did, dear Arnold." " You, Rounce !-you?" " Yes," cried the girl, shedding tears of joy. " He said you had gone away and taken all the gold with you. But I didn't believe it, and I went over by myself and found you lying in a dreadful cave-drugced. Then the ilooa came down, and you were almost drowned." "I don't understand," be said wearily. " And you saved me, Rounce. You ! my brave girl! He might have murdered me but for you." He was silent for a long time, evidently trying to piece together the disconnected links of memory, but when he spoke again it was on a different topic. " Roance, I don't know what could have come over me, but I seem to forget every thing. Tell me, dear, did we-did we quarrel ?" " Oh, that is all past, .Arnold. No, no; it was me. I was proud and foolish." " But tell me," he persisted. " Did we?" "Only ft little, Arnold. It was nothing." He took her band tenderly ill his, and kissed it before replying. "I seem to remember having leit you with everything broken off between us," he answered confusedly. " But I was mad-I wasn't myself somehow." " Don't think of it, deat Arnold. It was nothing. It is all past and gone." "I hope so," he murmured. "Yes, it must be bo." - .... , " See," said the girl more lightly. Mother has got your breakfast ready. You are to drink every drop of this broth, Arnold. You mustn't leave a spoonful." " You give it to me, Rounce." " Ob, how lazy you are growing," she ex claimed, with an attempt atgaiety. " If you'll promise to takeit all, I will." "AIM" he answered, with a whimsical gleam crossing his face. " Goodness me I I feel as if I could eat a horse." \ Arnold," she «aid, after a pause, feeding him in the prettiest manner possible, " did you write me a letter ? " "A letter-when?" , * " Before-before-since I saw you the last time, after we quarrelled, you know." . "Write you a letter 1 No. What-makes you abb?" , ? ' * ' The spoon jingled slightly against the basin of broth, butflhe turned the question aside quite composedly. ^ "Oh, nothing. Only I thought you might have done, yon know. You used to write to me Bometlme8 before." He looked at her curiously, evidently not understanding her, but she continued, " That's very good of you. You've taken it all. You'll soon get better it" you are as obedient as that always. It waB beautiful broth, I know. There's nobody can make it like mother. You deserve a gold medal, mother, and when Arnold gets better he shall give you one." Something in her words seemed to arouse some memory in Arnold, for he suddenly eat up in bed and exclaimed " By heavens! The gold! I forgot it What has become o£ it? There was over 200 ounces Bounce uttered an exclamation. She, too, had forgotten all about it; but now she re membered that when Lobo tied he dropped the " shammy" bag, and went off without it " It was in the cave, Arnold. I saw it, and lie went away without it. It muat be there still. Oh, no, the flood ! I forgot. It must have been carried away. Poor Arnold ! It muat be lost." "Lost! The earnings of months all gone !" "Never mind, dear Arnold. VVecan afford to lose it now you are sale. It i3 nothing, after all." She set herself to console him, and Mrs. Francey discreetly retired, but at that moment the sound of hoof-strokes stopped in front of the store, and immediately after wards Mrs. Fraacey returned accompanied by the doctor. " So this is the patient," said the latter quietly-a thin, keen-looking man, with a curiously low voice. " Nearly drowned, you say, and been without food for eight or ten days. A curious case, though he doesn't look very bad. Now, I muat ask you ladies^to leave me alone with him for five minutes." When he had finished his examination he delivered his verdict "There is great emaciation and debility, and a remarkable disturbance of the cir culation. But its nothing but what care and good nursing will overcome. There is abso lutely no fear. The young man seems to have a wonderful constitution, and I have no doubt a week or two will put him to rights. There's really nothing for me to do. Good nursing and feeding, and keeping quiet, are all he needs. The brain is excited, thou»h it's nothing of an alarming nature Has he received any 6udden fright, do you know-or shock of any kind 1" "I have no doubt he has," answered Mrs. Francey. "That dreadful man I told you about kept him in a cave, dragged, for over a .. Drugged 1 I shouldn't have thought so," he answered, thoughtfully. " There are none of the usual symptoms." " My daughter knows more about it than anyone," returned Mrs. Francey. "It was she who found him." Something in Bounce's warninggaze stopped the doctor in his inquiries. " I'll have another look at him, and perhaps Miss Bounce will tell me exactly the circum stances under which she found him. No; she Bhall tell me out on the verandah," he continued, rising. " We mustn't alarm the poor fellow by whispering too much. If you <1 Btop with him, Mrs. Francey, I dare say he'd be more composed." He could see that the girl had something to confide to him, and in this way managed to meet her wishes. When they were outside Rounce hurriedly related to him all the particulars of Arnold's strange condition that she had been, a wit ness to. She told him of her lover's long trance, of the curious gestures she had seen Lobo perform, of his unreasoning terror, and of the strange chain of circumstances that had led to Arnold's recovery. .... "I was frightened to tell it to anyoody; it is all so horrible," she said, when she had finished her recital. " The police officer and myself ate the only ones who know it besides yourself. I wouldn't tell my mother ; it would frighten her to death. And, above all, poor Arnold must never know of it So I told them I had found him-drugged." The doctor had listened silently and atten tively to her. He had only uttered a word now and again, asking some pertinent ques tion. "Quite right," he said at length. lou are quite right to keep it from them. It ia a strange story, and I can hardly credit it. Describe to me again his condition." Rounce did so, the doctor listening as attentively as he bad done before. "What does it all mean?" she asked anxiously, when she had concluded. "It means only one thing-mesmerism," he answered, thoughtfully. _ "That man Lobo, I think you called him-must bu a mesmerist, and one who knows very little about it I can tell you that, little as I know about electro-biology mysel f. You wouldn t understand me, my dear, if I were_ to try and explain, and indeed the whole thing is not Eroperly understood. It has been proved, owever, that what is called hypnotic sleep may be produced, and a state of suspended animation follow, due to the disturbance oE the cerebral circulation." .... , , "Isthat what Arnold had? she asked wonderingly. "No, it must have gone further. There must have been a condition of what is called inJiibition, which means that the nervous centres stay their vital impulse. Assimila tion, wear and tear of the tissues, are at a standstill, and the vital current is at its lowest possible ebb, just sufficient to keep life in the body. You won't understand all this, my dear; but it's a kind of magnetic sleep. The sleeper is unconscious oi light, his sensory impressions being quite loat, lie is also insensible to pain-in fact, insensible to all his surroundings. A knife might. be run into him, and Tie wouldn t feel it I he muscles become rigid, and remain stiff until released, the pupils enlarge, the eyes open more widely, and the eyeballs protrude. They may even turn in the head." " Yes, yeB; that was it," said the girl, in a terrified whisper. ' " , ? . " Yes; but it must have gone further "even than that" continued the doctor, thought fully. "The young man couldn't have.re mained eight' days like that A state of lethargy must have supervened-what is known as 'ecstasy.' From all you tell me, he must have remained in a state of actual coma for over a week. It is a curious case a very curious one. I cannot explain it to you fully until I consult what authorities we ha'M3at that spectral thing that terrified Lobo so-what was that!" Bounce asked, Btill fearing. "That I cannot wholly explain. But the man must have "worked his brain up to an abnormal state of excitement Ane very fact of his; being «Me to mesmerise shows that it is of unusual power. \ ou say you saw him on two occaaiow glaring at nothing and muttering to him«B, .®8 thoush he saw a ghost. I dare W lie thought, toe did. If tne brain is cited, it playa strange tndtg*" lay much stress on tue vW*' T . he saw ghosts or <»*««? shapes, or whatever U be diseased." . #" "Yes, it must « with a shudder. (./k The very tact of his rushing into the store in the way your mother told me he did, and giving himself up, shows that his brain ia not all right. He must have been simply ^mad with terror. A man in that state might see a dozen ghosts a day, and still it wouldn't prove that there are ghosts. No, the ones he saw were conjured up by his own bad mind." " It is all so strange, I cannot understand it," said liounce, after a pause. Can any one live for over a week without eating? I can hardly credit it. Surely, doctor, Arnold muBt have had something or he would have died." ' I don't think so-not in the state he was in. All the vital principles would be stayed. Life would only be, as it were, smouldering. Uesides, even in cases where there is no coma, instances have been known of life being maintained for even longer periods. I remember one or two well-authenticated cases. In a place called Enfield Wash, in Kngland, a young girl of 18 was locked up for " 28 days with no food but a gallon of water. At the expiration of that time she was able rlnu-n a shutter and escape. ITer name was Elizabeth Ca.nu ing, and the case is auoted in the Mcdiccil Uazcttc. V e have instances, too, of miners being confined 111 coal mines and surviving tor 23 days. But ft is no good niv tell ins you nil this, my dear ; it will hara* interest vou. 1 should say, though, that from the best ayitheu ticated cases of Prolonged abstinence from food, 1 nrmlj believe that life may be main tained almost up to two months. 1'ou must excuse a doctor's garrulity. « eU co inside and have another Took at the patient." " One word more, doctor, said the girl, anxiously. Is there, m your opinion any chance of his being over taken again inthesame way: "I hope not," heanswered; '' but he must be kept away from miluenceof that man. t " Thank Heavens ! she exclaimed, fervently. ~A« the two moved ofl the verand.ih, the store waggon driven by old Yorkey, rattled bv There was something in it covered with bags. It was the skeleton of Lobo s ^ ^tim of «even vears ago-Arnold a elier brother-Jem Golt. _ C'lIAPTl-.U XV. THE DENOUEMENT. Tae doctor had gone, oavin" behind him assur ances of Arnold's recovery : and the remainder ot the dav pc.ssed Quietly. the few township people, ana euch of the miners who were in the place, congregated in and about the-store, attracted by the news of the strange occurrence* and of Arnolds re-appearance ; but in com pliance with a specially - . desired wish on the part of Mrs. Frances-, they con tented themselves with mak ing a few inquiries ana then dispersing. . . Lobo was the subject ot much unfavourable criticism at the bands of the visitors, as they came into possession of the facts of the case, and many hearty threats and curses were directed towards him. It was generally under stood that he had kept his mate drugged in a cave ovei .it Trodn'd, with the inten tion of robbing him, and doubtless m iking away with liirn altogether. When it became known that the re mains of Arnold's brother bad been found, and that it could be proved that he hid ffet v-'.ili his death at the hands of the blood thirsty (j'-t, seven years a~o, ' public excitement reach >d S-j -h a point that lynching wc.s proposed by more ttiar otie indignant miner. ]I -"ever, it went no further than that, and as the day wore on the ex citement cait.ied down. During the course of the afternoon, Jiurtisland hob bied down to the store to niveau eve to his prisoner and to see Arnold. He found the latter so r.vich improved that he t>H him of the strange diswery of his brother's renins, hidden bo mysterion-ly for seven years. Arnold was very much moved. It was aei he bad thought-poor Jem had been murdered. But now that he knew it-now that it was proved beyond a doubt-he con Id not help living way to ft natural burst of Borrow. Equally strong was the feeling of horror and hate for his brothers murderer. '?He Bha.ll swing for it, be said fiercely to Burtis land. "We have enough evidence to prove it against him, the cowardly, murder ing dog. And to think I Was mates with him for months, and he poor Jem a murderer. Oh! it makes me wild to think of it. That old fossicker, Yorkey, knows enough to sheet it home to him. But lit shan't escape. He kneir about it, and kept it silent I'jj ijjuJse Jiiui pay for it, too. Neither of them shall escape." "No, there you're wrong, Arnold," answ> red the police officer. Yorkey has told me all about it. It aeems he did not ee the murder committed. He beard the shot fired, an<l aaw Lobo-orMatbias, as he called himself then-on the spot. Yorkey felt cer tain that there bad been mnrder committed, but he could never find the body. He never saw Lobo again until lately, and being bard up, he pretended that he had seen your brother shot in order to get money out of Loho But he swears to me that be never knew anything for certain, and waa trying to frighten Lobo into saying something that would pot him on the right track. He says be meant then to inform against Lohn, and prove it atwinat him-and I believe him. In the meantime he bled Lobo, and I for one j don't blame him. " I '"Blame him, 110! 1 wish he'd taken liia shirt oiY his buck," exclaimed Arnold fiercely. "Old Yorkey will be our most important witness," continued Burtislund, "aiui we mustn't turn hira against us. '1 he very fact fo Lobo'a giving him money to keen quiet is enough proof of his guilt, not taking into ac count nil the other things we know. He's sure to hang for it." lie was moving away when Arnold called him back. " You don't know anything about the gold we got from the claim ?" he asked. " llounce says she saw him with it and he dropped it But he may have it on him, or some of it, at all events. She may have made a mistake. There was over two hundred ounces. Has be been searched 1" " No." "But he may have it on him, And it's mine-a hundred ounces of it" "I'll see if he's got any, "answered Burtisland. i In the store the murderer wns lying crouched up in the same position he had I been in all day. Bound hand and foot, pale, ! cadaverous, bloody, and covered with dirt, the J baffled villain wns a terrible object to look J BTTRTI8LAND MADE A SNATCH AT HER A3 SHE WAS OK THE POITTT OP FALLING, BUT IN DOING SO HE SLACKENED HTS HOLD OP THE TTNCONSCTOUS ARNOLD, WHO WAS TORN FROM HIS ORASP AND WHIRLED AWAT BT THE FLOOD."-Chap. XIII. - at. His unshaven cbin bristled with a scrubby growth, his eyes were hollow, hie face leaden-coloured. He had lain huddled up, hardly stirring, from the moment he had been roughly thrown there by his captors ; his eyes had never closed, but gleamed with a crafty watch iulness. ; Jem Davis and Peter Doyle, acting as tem porary guards, were seated on the flour-bags, engaged in cribbage. They both pat down the cards as Burtialand entered irom the Bittingroom. "Jem," be said, "I want you to eearch the prisoner. I can't bend down; I'm so bad with rheumatism." "What for?" "To see if he has any gold about him." " Is that lor?" asked the cautious Mr. Davis. "Yes, yes," answered liurtisland im patiently. " It belongs to Arnold Golt The prisoner has robbed him of hia ebare of what they got." " barn me if 1 like to touch him," said (lie sensitive Mr. Davis. It gives me a turn to look at him, lot alone to handle him. He won't have nny gold about him, sure." "Search him. He may have. Miss Kounce Baw him with a bag in the cave where she found him." A slight start and movement on the part of the prisoner showed that trie police ofiicer's words had not passed unnoticed by bim. For I the first time since his capt ure he opened his lips and epoke. It was pitifully-almost humbly-that lie asked " Was she in the cave?" Burtisland could not, refrain from the triumph of answering him. "She was, you murdering villain. It was I she rescued him from you." Lobo raised himself on his elbow with n strange eagerness. " That face, then, was hers." "Silence," interrupted Hurtisland, more ! roughly still. "Every word you say will be j used against you. Your schemes have failed, i Arnold Golt has escaped you, Yorkey has escaped you, and the dead lias come to light after seven years to hang you. Gabriel Lobo, I : you are accused of murdering James Colt, | who disappeared seven years ago." I It was all over, then. The living had escaped him, the dead had risen against him. i He made no answer, but with one awful j shudder sank back into his crouching: posi tion on the floor. ; "Search him, Jem," said Burtisland, i briefly. Mr. Davis bent down over the prostrate Lobo, who neither stirred nor offered a remark. "There's a bag here," he said, thrusting his hand inside the prisoner's shirt and pulling out a small "shammy"bag. "There'sgold in this-about 20oz. I should say." "I'll take it, then. It belongs to Arnold. Jb that all?" " Aye, that's the lot There's nothin' more, exceptin' this book. It's*a rum un. Portigee, I suppose. It ain't English." "Giveit me. I'll lake charge]of it," said JJnrtislnnd, patting it into his pocket "I'm poing home, boys, to got rubbed down," lie continued. "I'm that bad I can hardly stand. Mind you look after thnt man properly until 1 can take charge. I'll be back before night, and sleep here. But you are responsible for him, mind. ' " Oh, he'll be all right," growled Peter Doyle. " He's got the darbies on his legs, lie can't move. Come on, Jem; I'll give you another pome of crib." Lnte in the evening, ft message en me down from liurtisland, to the effect that he was so ill that he could not leave his bed, and directing the two amateur gaolers to sleep in the store that night with their prisoner. Both Mr. Jem Davis and Mr, Peter Doyle grumbled with great heartiness at this peremptory command, but Mrs. Francey seconding the police officer's direction, by declaring that she would be frightened to death if they did not stop to guard her and her household, they were persuaded to fall in with the arrange ment l The night set in dark and stormy. There was no rain, but a high wind rattled every thing that was moveable, and shrieked and whistled down the single street ol Cuttrina'a Creek as though in a wild endeavour to tear tbe whole place down. At ten o'clock the lights in the store and in the two rooms behind were put nut, and such quiet as the stormy wind allowed of, reigned in the building. Eleven-twelve-and there was no change. The iron roof rattled ; a loose board somewhere banged noisily to and fro. A shatter opened, Dickering rays of moonlight penetrated into the dark store. One of the two gaolers raised his head, sleepily. " It's a rough night," he mattered. " Peter, the wind's banging that there shatter open. You're nearest Get up and fasten it" A grunt was tbe only mponw. " I ain't goiu' to do it," muttered Jem, who laid his head down again. The shatter opened inside, and did not bang or rattle. Hays of moonlight entered, and fell npou tbe buddled-up figure of the prisoner iti the corner. Halt an Hour passed, and the figure moved noiselessly. The head wns raised, and a pair of gleaming eyes looked warily round. All was quiet-save the wind. The head was bent down at;ain, and a faint clink sounded. Then there was a curious sound-drowned by the storm-like the itearing of cloth. Then the stillness that re mained unbroken except by the wind. The rays of moonlight entering through the open shutter shone only on the bare floor. The figure had moved. It was nothing but a black outline now, buried in shadow and almost invisible. Gradually, stealthily, a hand rose up against the square background of driving cloud and bending trees visible through tne opening. The hand was followed by a bead, then by the upper part of a body. The head disappeared, the body slowly fol lowed.-aa though swallowed up by the dark ness. Two knotted hands still clung to the rougb woodwork. Then all at once the clink of metal-a noise as of a falling body-a loud shriek of the wind-a sudden spurt of rain a rattle of the iron roof-the creak of attain ing woodwork-and all was still. Three days after, Burf island-recovered from his «.aCj °, rheumatism entered the sitting-room of the store. Arnold and Rounce were there, seated before the (ire. The youn man s eyes were bright, his thnCo ^ hjalth^ colour the emaciated and sunken features had fiHedoutwor!! *ot a trace of him " answered the trooper throwing himself into a " P iS c,ean 6one-" bisSkd,r »»«'«»«» And is he going to A i!ime lik^ this," cried A"]ol:l> ,excitedly, " after all he s done? By Heavens ! if I have to look tor him a year i III find him. He shan t escape me. I swear poorJemshallbeavenfed " Ilounce's face paled." As Ions; as Lobo was at liberjy Bhe would never feel safe about Arnold. "llow could they have let him escape !" she ex claimed. "The idiots! They let him get away right under their nose. Onlv for that rheumatism tliis would never have occurred. It is too bad." "I say, Burtisland,"said Arnold suddenly, " have you tried Trodd'a ?" "No; that's the last place he would think of Roing to. He wouldn't be so mad aa to go there. \\\ hy, it's the very place Buspicion would be directed to. I wouldn't waste time going there." "Yoa don't know him," said Arnold. "He'd do any thing. By Jove ! I'll ride over there myself." '* You, Arnold !" cried llounce. "Oh, no." " Why not ? I'm all right again, and dying to be out. IVea presentiment I shall find him there. Besides, I want to see that cavfe where he had me drugged. If you'll g<>, Burtialand, I'M go with you " "No, no ; you must not, Arnold," said Rounce ear nestly. " You are not strong enough. Suppose he should be there. Ob, no, no; don't go." "Why, surely this can't be the girl who rescued me," said Arnold, with a laugh. " What makes you so trightened ? If you can't trust me, Rounce, come with us." "If you are determined, Arnold, then I will; but 1 beg of you to stop at home." He was not to be turned from his purpose, so the three set out on the ex pedition. W hen they reached Trodd's fhey found that the flood had gone down, though traces of it were visible on every hand. The river still overflowed its banks, and was swollen and discoloured, though it was no longer the torrent that had rushed and roared along on that night of Arnold's rescue. The hut had been washed away. The bridge wa3 gone Trees, eitlier struck by lightning or thrown down by the wind, en cumbered the ground on every hand. " The shaft's under water," said Arnold, crazing ncross the stream, " and the hut's washed clean away. That puts an end to Trodd's as lar as I'm concerned, and 1 m not sorry for it. hi' Where's this wonderlui cave. Rounce ! (Jome on ; take me to it." "Here. I'd better go first," said Burtialand. ' There's no knowing what may happen." made Hitching up their Dorses, mcj - their way along the foot of ilie hills in tbe direction Rounce knew so well-the two men with revolvers in their hands, Kounce lollowing. The water had receded and left the toot way passable. When near the entrance to the cave Burtislund used more caution, and motioning his two com panions to remain where they were under cover of the undergrowth, crept quietly ( forward. i AH of a sudden be gave a shoot and called | out "Arnold. Hcrel" The lovers both sprang forward, wd then Ron nee recoiled with a shriek for there, close by the entrance to toe cave, lying halfin, halt-out, was stretched the dead body of Gabriel Lobo. Across bis back and the lower part of his body W a mass of rock. The head was free, and toe OVER THE BLACK VOID DOWN WHICH THE UNFORTUNATE MAN HAD VANISHED STOOD A CHOSTLT SHAPE IN THI: LIKENESS OF ARNOLD GOLT."-Chap. VII. f»ce. with its long moustache and leaden features, pinned hideously. "See," said Burtislnnd in a tone almost of awe, I'-'iiuing to the overhanging rock. "That's where it came from. Perhaps the storm loosened it-who tsn say ? It's n judgment. lie tried to murder yon jji this cave ; he's met nis death here. Look here, ' « continued, bending down suddenly and pulling Mt a distended "shammy" hag, lying half hidden Jjflonpstthe tl-bria. "This i8 what he came for. We must have known that you had not got the gold rjfes, he heard me fll Davis eo, and that it was M133 Hounce who had frightened him. By Josh! Je was a daring r'uliian. Ile'd know the hag was too Jt&vy; to be carried away by the Hood. That's what ''came for-to get the gold and then escapp. But We has been too much for him. lle'll never trouble I us any more. The devil litis got his own at Inst. 1 "Poor Jem's murder has be.-n avenged by a higher hand than mine." said Arnold, awe-stricken. "Come, llurtislond, letuspo." The livid face, cruel looking in death as in life, seemed to grin in derision as the two men turned silently away. A month after the awtul death of Gabriel Lobo Arnold and Rounce were married. lie never learnt what had actually taken place in the cave. To the last he believed that he had been drugged by the Goan. Rounce never told him of the mesmeric trance she had found him in. She and Burtisland and the doctor were the only ones who knew it For many months after their marriage she was full oi anxiety for Arnold. Lob'i was dead-kille.l, as it seemed to her, by a retributive power-and yet she feared. Many a time ilurinsr the early months of her marriage did she wake up in the niplit in fear, and stretch out her band to see if her husband was still by her side and listen to his regular breathing. But as the months passed by her fears lied. In the course of time they moved from Cuttriss's Creek to a more important settlement nearer to Melbourne. Her mother sold her store, and with the proceeds and the sum realised by the gold Arnold purchased a business in the place which they made theirne w home. And so, far away from the scene of her former terror, happy in the love of her husband and her child, the wife and mother lost her fears, and forgot them so far that they only came back to her occa sionally as a faint, if bitter, memory. 