FICTION. -¡O; From English. Anterlcau, and Otlier Pcrlodlcali. LOCH ANIM'S TOWERS. CHAPTER XIIL " SHALL t LIVE TO SEE IT ?" " And it is now that I am making up for all the lonesomeness of the past ten years," said Steenic of the isle to his sister. " Whatever with our herb-gatherer, aud the young master from the Gull's Nest, and the schoon- ers that be coming for cattle, these he cantie times for the island." He had just started the fire, and his sister was bustling about in the first preparations for the morning meal. Steenie went out of doors the moment after to take his usual wide survey of the scene. Not, in- deed, that lie beheld it with the appreciating joy that was due the ever-renewed miracle of loveliness which was daily enacted before his eyes. He saw the palo mists unfolding from lonely shores; rolling out from silent valleys, lifting in silver wreaths from the sinuous pathway of the little rivulets that run down noisily to the sea. Like a great procession of writhing ghosts, flying affrighted before some potent magician's command, sped away in all directions the strange shapes of the fog and mist, as the yellow whiteness of the sky broadened and warmed into tender crimson. Great shafts of rosy light began to fleck the dark , gray of the sea. Out of ite purple shadow rose the great Atlantic, brightening a longer and wider track as the sunlight ran farther and farther along its leaping waves. Eagle's Crag caught the first fiery kiss, and glowed rose-red a memont, and then passed on the sun-god's morning salutation to the lower crags. The birds had left off chirping, and now were breaking into riotous song. Steenie saw this, and after his fashion loved it. But had a poet or an artist told him how beautiful it all was, he might have looked upon him as a lunatic, and laughed him to scorn. Nevertheless, he went out every morning and watched it all through, as if it was one of his duties, the neglecting of which might have a tendency to interfere with the whole performance. When everything had cleared, he lifted the field glass he carried, and long and steadily at Eagle's Crag. Then he followed closely the movements of the black speck he had detected there on the water, and, as it moved steadily out toward the island, he muttered in a tone of surprise : " It is the mistress herself. I'll be bound she's coming out to look after things here." And he stalked back to the house, and hurried through his breakfast and set his sister to tidying up the place, while he went around to look after the cattle. It was nearly two hours before the boat arrived at the island for the wind was light and fickle. But it reached the wharf at last, and its single occupant flung the rope promptly to Steenie's waiting hand, and then stepped forth. A tall woman, straight as an arrow, and with an ease -of movement that betokened untrainmeled freedom of all the muscles, and a well-nigh perfect development of every limb. A lovely fitting robe of black was belted about her waist, by a thick leather girdle ; a full, gray hood, which could be pulled low over the face or pushed back entirely from the head, now nearly concealed her face. She thrust it back with an im- patient movement of hands which were bronzed by the sun and hardened by toil, but small in size and slenderly formed. "Well, Steenie, and all is well with you here?" she asked in a clear rich voice which was singularly .melodious. " Oh, ay, mistress, it is all very well, whatever, as far as I know ; the bairn is well, and cantie as' the bird singing yonder." The mistress smiled slowly. " I ought to have known it, when there was no signal to the contrary. But a strange uneasiness fell upon me in the night. And I am used to give heed to such bodings. So I rose from my bed, and was on the watch until it was light enough to see the rocks below, when I set forth. The wind was tantalizing, but I am here at last." " An' will you be coming up to the house now ? We can give you a warm breakfast, oh, very soon !, Aud you will be needing it sorely," said Steenic, in a tone of earnest affection and respect. " Not quite yet. I have a few questions to ask. You have kept me accurately informed of every- thing you have seen and known. You were sure of what you told me ? It was Jock's boat which carno that first day,, and he brought the young gentleman. The young gentleman from the Gull's Nest? "Ay, mistress." " Of course I know it. I met them myself, and young Donald told me they were hound for the islands," repeated the woman, gravely. " And it is the young gentleman from the Gull's Nest-the same young gentleman who still comes ?" " Oh, ay, mistress, there's no doubt of that. I'm na willing to be cheated when I have the braw glass you brought to me. It's a fine laugh that I have whatever, watching him go down into the boat, covering himself from sight, thinking how bravely he's hoodwinking simple Steenic. I did na think it would please you, mistress, at the first." The mistress smiled, though her face still wore its anxious look. " It was a happy accident, Steenic. which carried forward a hopeful plan of mine. These young people love romance. A few euch meetings as these will do more than months of the formal and frigid society acquantance could do to make them know each other and care for each other. If it should be said to either, ' Now you must love that other,' do you think they would do it ? Not at all, Steenic ; they would fly just the opposite way. But now ah, I can imagine from her innocent ways just all the delight of it." She paused, seemed to forget Steenie's presence, and looking off towards the loch, she murmured, as if re-assuring her own undefined fears. " I do not see how mischance can come. It is a leal and true lad. Under his light and merry ways there is a noble and generous heart. The family, too, is above reproach, and she is worthy of him. She is a worthy mate for the proudest in the land." Lifting her head proudly as this reflection came, she caught Steenie's eyes fixed upon her in curious questioning. At first she flushed haughtily, and then suddenly she stretched out her hand and laid it on his shoulder. " Steenie," she said, " you are not my servant so much as my friend. Lot me never forget that. For many hard and bitter years you have served me, as lovingly as faithfully. You have helped me, as far as lay in your power, out of the deep waters unto the safe footing where I now stand. I will not seek to hide from you that I believe my hour of triumph is at hand. It is your due that yon should know that." Stenine stood for a moment with wide eyes and open mouth, then the tears came pouring over the rugged cheeks. " Oh, mistress, mistress," he cried out, tremulously .' do you mean it true ! Shall I live to seo it really come ?" " Tou shall live to see it, Steenie, you and all the other true, heroic souls who have helped me in this great, this gigantic effort. And do not think, never think that I count it a light or easy thing what you, of all others, have done for me. Do I not know, of my own experience, what is this lonely life, with the winds and waves, and the wild creatures, and the dumb beasts for sole company. Steenie, Steenie, I have done it for my own, but your faithful hearts have given it all cheerfully, for those who are neither kith nor kin, who have only hitherto held you by the bonds of kindly servi- tude. But tho better time is coming swiftly. You shall soon be at liberty to leave your island. You shall como to welcome back a noble master to the dear old home. Not as a servant, Steenie, but as a friend, a valued and trusted friend, shall you come." " Now may the Lord be praised ! It has como after these long, long years !" cried out Steenie, stretching up his brawny arms toward the sky " Oh may I tell Nansio ?" The woman's great eyes were also wet with happy tears. " Yo4, but be cautious that the girl hears nothing of your talk. Remember this is all a sealed book to her. She is the one who has been kept unscathed from the bitter shame and sorrow, who has borne no part in this tragic history. And see what a glad, bright creature she is. In her I behold the happy girl, the tender, loving woman that I might have been, and never was. She knows nothing of the bitter past. She is not even aware of her true name. She has been spared the wild passion of hatred, she knows nothing of the bitter anguish of despair. Oh, Steenie, she has been the one spot of brightness in my life, the one green oasis in my desert of hard experience. If I can, I mean to keep her glad, and bright, and beautiful always ! It is from me alone that she must hear our history. And the time is not quite yet." " She is your living image in the time past, Miss He stopped at her deprecating gesture, and looked at her wistfully, and then hung his head, and added, ' meekly : " I will bog your pardon, mistress, but my time has na come-na, not till I can speak the old name to you freely." "We will trust that it is speedily at hand, Steenie. And well I know that nothing can make you all so happy, you and Bart, and many another, as when you see a good and worthy master yonder. Then you may call me what you will. And it shall be your province to go down into the village and explain all the mysteries and clear away all the calumnies. But there is Nansie. I will go up for the breakfast before I talk with the dear child. " I told you before ahout the schooner which is coming for the beef and mutton. The man from Oban means to take off a large flock of the sheep alive. He gives good prices, and I would let him make his own selections. The island has been one my most profitable ventures, thanks to you, Steenie, and I think we shall keep up the stock ; but I am not sure about it. Very soon there will be another and stronger hand at the helm, thank Heaven." The last was spoken while they were ascending the zigzag path, down which Nansie had taken a few hesitating steps and then paused, in fear of in- terrupting some important conversation. The mistress spoke to her in a kindly, affectionate tone, and then added: " Steenie thinks you have something left from I the breakfast, Nansie. If so, I will take some ; for I was foolish enough to set out without eating." (To be continued,.) 