CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES Tuesday. Thc-ro was a strong northerly gale blowing on Tuesday morning, but after breakfast it chopped round, and a very pleasant morning ensued. Work commenced rather earlier than usual Beckwith and St. Paul wero given useful exercise on the tun. Highland Chief ran a useful round on the grass, Blondin finishing with him the last 6 furlongs. The Loafer and Lady Ashton negotiated a round or two on tho sand for useful half pace work. Bonnie Lad, Eugenie and Goraldiue were working strongly on tho sand. Crown Brand and Land Shark wero doing healthy exercise on tbe sand. Toronto, Ellington and Havelock were moving along on the tan. Newmaster boivled along over a mile, tho son of Nowminster going strong and well ; his 6tablo companion, Gas- burner, encompassed a round on the sand. Ben Bolt started on a mile and a half journey, old Chuokster bringing him along the last 7 furlongs ; the son of Newbold moved frco and woll, but the time made was not _ extra good. Meleagrida, Car narvon and Retort spirted 4 furlongs, St.. Albert ran a useful 6 furlongs, while Clarendon, who gave Young Horatio a long start in a round on the course proper, finished a useful working gallop in good style. Maori Chief worked on tho tan. Silvormiuo traversed a rouud on tho courso proper in a very taking style , Tho Chanter acting as schoolmaster tho first part of tho journey and Sirocco tho latter. Chicago, Gentility, Marmiou, Lady Lovell and Glcnwort were 'all doing healthy exorcise. Bonnie Boon put in a strong circlo on the grass alone. Millstream negotiated a H mile gallop, having Tbe Crane and The Ghost to assist him, tho son of The - Diver, having Gorry in the saddle with whip; and spurs on, sweated rather freely at the finish. Gadfly seemed as if she could have ran .over Grace Darling in a mile spin, but I fancy sbo had a lot the best of the weights. Hot Iron and Empress ran 4 furlongs smartly. Ambassadress, Anarchy and Lando were bustling along for 4 or 5 furlongs. Nar- rung and the Sussex home were given good substantial work on the tan, the latter resembles his siro greatly. King of tho West, Jack Mormon, Waiter and others of this tsam were . given good preparatory work. First Pop and Footman went a milo on the grass at an improving pace, Cndland striding along for the best, part of 5 furlongs on the saud. Western ran home strongly from tho milo Louisa Berta strodo stoutly along on the tan. Goodwood assisted Dongalston for a useful turn on the tan. Epicurean andiMia Mia cantered and spirted, Delamia being similarly treated. Mustang went slow pace work, wbilo Moonlight bounded along on the tan. Alex andria, Cestus and the horse by Conrad were doing serviceable exercise. Preston was not on tbe course. . Little John and Jim Cain, after covering a .couple of clroles at a steady pace, strode up tho hill on tho oourso proper for a couple of furlongs. Poohaontaa and Townley were given a pipo opener on the sand. Umberto trotted and cantered. Yoeter- day afternoon New York and The Bohemian were despatched for a good useful gallop over a mile aud a half, the nair, with light weights up, finishing together. Nabocklish was treated to a round over tho schooling fences, hitting one or two of them rather hard. Tburidsy, There was a strong wind blowing on Thursday, bnt, notwithstanding, sherd wm a large mm tar of spec' tators on the coarse to witness the final gallop of tbe Cup horsea An early. start was made. U was rumored that the Western district horioi, JkgCala'tnd ' Lit- tle >lo!tn galloped In company over the Cup distance at ibivbrtiuk, nnd that, llic l.Mler had his younger brother indimcnltic.i at thc.flnWb. Kcnneih.wcut long slow work. The horse by Sussex, who has every appear ance of a jumper, was given three or four turns on the .sand. . Hen holt started nil for a mile and Imlf ga'lop. ChticksUr asaisUug.thc Cup caudldatc.the tlrat part of the distance, end Warficld . the last hujf-inHe. He Is a rather lazy customer in -work, and requires a gioat deal o( riding. Tr.g time occupied was very fair. Wes tern slipped along for a mi!c. Lady Ashioii and 'J he Loafer "circled a couple of rounds for good strong work. Bonnie Lad and his s to bio com panion,' Lord Sutton, a nlcc-looklug son oi Wollonial's, were brushing along on tho sand. Louisa llert was' glven a good, useful pipe oponcr. Highland Chief travelled a round on ;th'c" gross, the Derby candidate Blondin, bringing: him along. the last milo. Carnarvon ana itciort nmsjica a iweiui round on the sand. Ellington and Toronbo put In some useful work on tho grass \ tho former looks and goes well. ' Crown brand strode along over 8 or 9 fur longs at a good striding pace. Land shark doing use ful work on ilto&and.; Cricket and I'allcncb performed satisfactory work on the tun. Tho Tasraanlon pair, Clarendon and Young lloratfo traversed a round on the grass, the latter, who had a good' start of hU compan ion, finishing In front. Silvermine was the next to take possession of the grass, the son of Napoleon and Silver- hair was despatched for a good seivlceable working gsllopv-atarthig from the half mile post on the course proper In company with Bonnie Poon and 'The Chanter : they rattled along until 6 furlongs from home was reached, when tho latter pair eased off nnil allowed Sirocco to finish with tho Cup candidate, who completed tho fastest round of the morning, pnlllng up as fresh as pant. Another Cup candidate, Zcno, was ir.ovlng along on tho grass for useful exercise ; he seems to have dune a lot o: .work. . Epicurean, who Is furnishing into a nice horse had Mia Mia for a companion over four fur longs . Goodwood, Stag and Mistake went healthy excr- Newmaster traversed 9 furlongs nt a good pace, hiving Little Jim the first 4 furlongs and Gasburncr the latter part of tho journey, the sou of Newmsster going very strong. Grcculus Ksnrlus was given an cxtcmlcroti the grass. Walter, Mormon and victor worked on the tsn. St. Albert bowled along on the grass. Uncus pottered along on the saud, Carnival and Nectarine running a sharp 4 furlongs. Bohemian, looking fresh and well, put In 2 strong rounds on the tin. llcrkley and Cndland slipped alon£ for 5 furlongs In fair time, footman, Albanus and First Pop were separately treated to - strong work on the tan. MINstreaui and Grace Darling completed a circle for useful work, the former being a bit fractious. The Gliost and Gadfiy ran a merry 6 furlongs, tho former showing to advantage at tbo flulsft. Mustang covered 6 furlongs in good style. Moonlight strode along on tho tan. King of the West and Jack were brushing along on tho tan. Gleniworth and Lady Lovell ran smartly home from the 4 furlong poet. 