THE TRICK OF TUB TALKING HEAD : EXPOSED. I remember tlio first timclsaw lliocurious octilur illusion known as the Sphinx Table. As I took an interest iti nil illusions which i could bo adapted to slngo cfFcets, and had heard from adopts that I ho new illusion was not only a marvel, but absolutely undetec table, I attended I. ho first appearnrce of the resuscitated Sphinx, first performed at' the '■'Kgypt inn-hull, Piccadilly, Londmi, by a wizard calling himself Colonel Stodave. This clever trick was really invented by a young man namod '.L'homus Tobin,. nho assisted Professor Pepper at tho Polytechnic Institu tion in Begent-bl reel, to whoso genius the well-used ghost illusion also onod itj inven tion... I was well in front, and not too near, and after the usual rabbits hud disappeared out of hats and become wulchcs, and the various poolcot- hancikorohiefs, had been turned into bouquets of flowers, the novelty was intro duced as a climax, and the., sighl-aceing public had a wonder to exerciso its mind on for mouths to come. On the stase. nut far from the footlights, waa a three-legged table on whoso top was s|.rrad a small velvet, cover with a border of gold fringe hanging over two inches. No room for n drawer beneath the table, and clear space under and beneath llio legs as far as tho back oE . tbo stage;; Simply thrco attenuated legs, and a llal top ooverod with velvet. 1 | On a side tablo near tho proscenium stood a handsome plush-covered box about afoot equarc, or fourteen inches every way. The lid unlocked by Stodare was opened on tho siilo facing tho spectators, and in it was aoen the head of tho Sphinx. A life-sized head of a haudsoino Egyptian, wearing the typical striped head-piece and the satno collarette round the severed neck; for tbero was nothing but a head on a short neck in tho bcx. The eyes were closed, and tho long eye lashe?. fell on tho chcek, which glowed through its Pharoah bronze with vital blood. Closing the lid for a moment. Stodare carried this box, by a liandlo on either side, from tlio side to tbo three-legged tablo before our eyes, and fct it down in tho centre. Now, understand, there was a simple un adulterated table without drawers or places of concealment. You could see beneath it, and note the hangings on the wall beyond. The tbieknessi of tho table with the bottom of the box upon it could not havo been Lwo inches in all. Stodare rc-opencd the box, which had novel- quitted our sight, and us the lid fell forward, the Sphinx, still there, slept the sleep of thousands of years—but only to wake at the voice of tho wizard, Tho splendid, calm, majestic eyes opened at com mand, and looked slraight beforo the mar vellous faco out into tho nineteenth century. I had uo doubt, even beforo the lip3 opened and tho voice spoko in measured rhythmic tones, that tbo bead was human ami not made of wax, but tho moro I looked and tho more I calculatcd, tho furthor was I froui a solution of the first mystery I had witnessed since I commenced the aiudy of modern magic. , (To bo continued,) 