THEATRE ROYAL. . ' Lessje, Mr. Charles Yiucciit. Acting Manager. .tlr. Harwovd. Final Retirement of Mr. J.- C. Lambert. When he will make nis lust ai penrnnoe on any stage for over. Those fr ends' who desire to liouor Mr. Lnmhcrt with their presence on this occasion will please take their places Imiiie- , diately. Tiie Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this occasion with Air. Lambert. Thin Evening.' Thursday, February 27th, 1868, The Performance wili oommonoe with tlie Ynd Act of Briasley Sheridan's brilliant comedy "THE RIVALS." Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. J. 0 Lambert Characters by ttie Company. To be followed by the 1st Act of Buiwer Lytton's comedy of "MONEY." ' . Sir John Vesey - - Mr. J. 0. Lambert ' (bis la-t appearance in thnt character for ever). Alfred Evelyu - Air. William Levev ' Sir Freoerick Blount Mr." Marcus Clarke stout - - - Mr. Charles Warner ' Other Characters by the Amateurs. Trio— ''Hark! the Lark at Heaven's Got- Sings"— Mr R. Stewart and Alisses Doey and Maggie Stewart. To be succeeded by Scenes (including Screen Seen?) from Sheridan's Coin dy, 'THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL " Sir Peter Teazle - - Mr. ,T. 0. Lambert (the last ohurncter ho will ever act on any Stage), Joseph Surface - Mr. Charles Vincent Lndy Teazle - - Miss Cleveland To wbicli will bo added the Faroe outitled "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. R. Hunvood and Company. Mr. J. C. Lambert will then lead the confess ion of his faults and bid his friends a final adieu Doors Open at 7. Commence at 8 preci-eiy. PHICE3 AS USUAL. The following is a copy of his address:. "Ladies and Gentlemen: — I am about to quit this world of mine for. ever, to cross the footlights and live . in your world. It is very much the custom on occasions when people are going out of the world to make a full confession of all their sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of the custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the ghost without recounting the many sins of which I have been guilty, both since I came among you, and many years before that time." "These as you may suppose were very numerous, for they have been going- on without intermission these two and forty years. I will begin with the worst offences, nul admit I have committed murder — In the early part of my career especially, I ac- knowledgeto have murdered several- parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have been less guilty in this respect, and that the shades of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, Congrevc, Otway, Massinger, Rowe, and Sheridan have been appeased, I trust by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations." "I have committed bigamy so often tliat I cannot recount the number of instances. I have married more wives than Brigham Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number my sons and daughters by scores if not hun dreds. Some of them, I grieve to say, I' have treated with great cruelty, turning them" out' of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with a shilling, forcingthem uito mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." "In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used „the most violent language to my offspring,' but many times when in the very onslaught of my furious denunciations I- have relented and only uttered half a curse, \- At this moment, if I had not great strength of mind I should be over whelmed with remorse at the conse quences of my severity." i " I have to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among my acquaintances, and even among my friends, some very incorrigible scoun drels hut I' beg you will place in j uxtaposition with this fact, the cir cumstance of having also been on intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree of society.' Indeed, 1 may hereV remark, that in rpspeet to social position, my friends and acquaintances have been of the highest and lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, and that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position." ' . ''"My own predilections have been in like manner fluctuating. . At one time I have been so miserly that I have denied myself the common and most, absolute necessaries ; at others felt myself prompted bv generous impulses so strong that I have had no hesitation in giving away large sums of money, vast estates, nrieeless jew els, and even crowns and kingdoms." "I confess, however, these gifts have been .lies towed with but an in- Vliscriiniriate hand, and that undeserv ing men' have profited by my promis cuous liberality." "Like all other members of my profession, I have lived a double life, and it is only in one of mine, the great crimes I have, enumerated' and ac-, knowledged have been committed. My serious vices, I trust, have all been committed this side of the footlights." " But in the world where in future I am going to dwell, I trust you will credit me with having done my duty a« a good citizen, and thnt when in a few days I step on board the vessel which "will bear The from this bright and beautiful country, I shall carry with me vonr good wishes and your kindly esteem." "Permit me a parting word about my brother managers, w th whom for the last twelve months I have.heen intimately associated. I neverthought to have drifted intomanngementagain, but there were such pressing reasons 1 why this fine theatre should not be allowed to lose i vestige, and why it should not fall into incompetent hands that I consented to become one of the' .co-partnerships by which its '.affairs', have been lately administered." ' ' I appeal to you to say whether we have managed the -Theatre Royal' satisfactorily, and- whether we have not fulfilled the promises made at the -beginning of our career. Although, we have not obtained a wonderful, peouuiary success, I can but. think' that. we have given our patrons fail- value for their money, and.I am happy tc think at. this moment that the repu tation and popularity, of the 'Theatre Royal are as good as they hnve at. any time been since it was opened nearly fifteen years ago. Let me ask you to continue your support to the mana gerial firm as it now exists— at least an equal measure of support. Its members are well known to you, and are, I am -sure, greatly respected." ( To be Continued ). : 