BAPTISTE AND PIEOOPALI AN8. TO THI KD1TOR OP tbi hibalo. Bin,— Your report of my last Sunday's sermon requires, in justice to me, a falter statement of my reasons for repudiating con nection with the " many " in the Baptist Church who are said to be gravitating towards Epis- copacy. ww yon ouow mo to supplement your brief rerume with these reasons briefly toted. First : Because according to the 4th Oanon one seeking orders mast subscribe to ths fol lowing declaration " I do hereby give my unfeigned assent and consent to all and every thing contained and prescribed in and by the Book of Common Prayer." Beoond : This I cannot do, because I do not believe in a priestly order assuming the power given in ths words of ths Ordination Service : u Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest Wbo#e sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven, and whose sins Thou do'st retain. Ussy are re tained." The New Testament afford! no warrant for believing that any men on earth have the right to assume such powers. Thsy ars assumed and exercised for whilst ths sisfii, are to be moved to oonfsssion, ths priest sfteff bearing confession to authorised to say : d)y the authority of Jesus Christ oommltted utrih me, I absolve thss from all thy sins, in th name of ths Father, and of ths Son, and of th« Holy Ghost." Inasmuch aa in accepting the order of priesthood, I should bs obliged to oon- sent to the utterance of these words, I dan not be a priest. Third : Because I can neither see ths applic ability of baptism to Infants, nor believe in ths results attributed by ths Prayer Book to that ordinance. Before baptism the prayer is offend that ths child u may be deiivend from God's wrath, may bs born again and made an heir of svsriMtingsalvation." After baptism thanks on presented that ths child to " gens- rate with the Holy Spirit," " adopted," " in corporated into the Holy Church." Further, that the child to tonghtto believe that in hto bap ttom he was "mads a member of Christ, a child ef God, and an inheritor of ths Kingdom of Heaven." If hs dies before baptism, he to buried as a dogt; if after baptism with ths ritse of Christian Mpnltnn. To this explicitly taught baptismal regeneration I can give neither assent nor oonssnt . These, briefly, are my reasons, whloh yon have largely left out, oa which £ ban my de termination not to join the ' many" Baptists who, it ito allege « (>Uely, I believe), are seeking a home within tha pale of ths Eotooo- pai unurcD.— i am, ALLAN WEBB. 1st February, 18rff. P.8.— Allow me to corroot ths statement that "I was at a loss to understand haw tha Bishop could influence the mind of any man to each an extent as to indoce h m to Years one denomina tion and go over to -nother, and that nothing bs could say could induce me to change my opinion#, etc." I #aia nothing so foolish. These were my exact wor.ia as read " How the Bishop's teaching bad influenced men amongst the Baptists I a u it a loss to understand. That he bad contributed anything to tbe points in controversy between Episcopalians and Baptist# I am not aware. 1 have never heard of hto dealiog orally er through ths press with the qoeatiun of Baptism." 