A Message from the Dead. [By Thomas Hewitson, L.L.B,] William Grigson, Esq,, of Chancery-lane, Melbourne, solicitor and notary public, was fat, middle-aged, and wealthy, a man who combined within himself the inclination, capacity, and means of enjoying life, and did enjoy it accordingly. While other men worried in business treated their daily meals as so many annoying and un avoidable interruptions of the daily routine of work, and bolted their food as they did their indigestion drops, Mr. Grig son masticated his roast beef and lingered over his bottled stout with as muoh appreciation as though each meal were his last. He boasted that he had no nerves and aid not understand worry, and as with meals so with everything else he did, his philosophy was to get out of eveiy occasion as much enjoyment as it wa3 capable of affording. Yet he. was neither a mere glutton nor a selfish voluptuary, for while he believed in pleasure his main source of happiness was in seeing those about him happy. Whether a life of single blessedness was a part of his philosophy is a point on which the reader will be able to draw his own conclu sions, but as a fact, he was a bachelor, and occupied " Select apartments for single gentle men," in South Yarra. Thither he was being whirled by rail on a particular _ Christmas Eve not many years ago. The Christmas Eve of a blazing Australian summer day, and as the train, having disgorged its South Yarra contin gent, rushed ofi with a gasp and a shriek, a3 though in hot haste to keep nobody waiting for dinner, our friend might have been readily recognised emerging from the station on the shady side of the street in his cool duck suit, with green- lined um brella expanded overhead, moving along deliberately and comfortably through the hot dusty crowd. While he is plodding homeward let us hasten forward and make ourselves familiar with his domestic surroundings. On the south side of the hill, on which Government House now stands, cluster numerous pretty villas, com manding a complete panorama of suburban and country scenery. The view comprehends on the west Albert Park, with the gleaming bay beyond. In front a glittering sea of roofs from South Yarra over Prahan, Windsor, and St. Kilda fringed in the distance by the green woods of Brighton, and to the east beautiful Toorak with the Malvern Hills undulating to the horizon. Mr. Grigson's apartments occupied the front portion of one of these desirable resi dences. Each of his snug rooms opened into the wide verandah, where, shut in by hangings of evergreens, he lounged on summer evenings, the perfume of flowers combining with the aroma ■ of his after-dinner cigar to lull him in a state of sleepy delight. His home wants were ad ministered to by the brisk little landlady, who with her crippled husband occupied the rest of the house. In their case " Grive us this day our daily bread" and spare our lodger to us were convertible petitions, and the obligation was recognised in a way which left him nothing to complain of. She ia on the watch for him now as he turns in at the front gate, and has the door open before he reaches it. " Good evening, ma'am, Christmas weather, isn't it 2" "It is indeed, sir; you must have found it very hot walking." "Rather, but one enjoys it in the prospectof a cold bath and good dinner to follow. Any letters, Mrs. Williams?" " Only one, sir; you'll find it on the study table. Dinner will be ready in five minutes." "All right. I'll be ready too. A regular* old brick," he muttered, turning into his study, j "She must have a Christmas box," and a Bmile irradiated his jolly face as he picked up up liis letter with a glance at the dainty super-, scription, " Something useful," he continued, opening the envelope, but the smile faded into a look of blank bewilderment as he read. " Dear William—Come and see me this even ing without fail. I have received a message from the dead. I will explain when you come. Many, many thanks for the parcel; it will make to-morrow's dawn a happy one for the children. With best love, yours for ever— Rose Middleton." " A message from the dead! What the deuce does it mean? What message? What dead ? Not from that poor devil Middleton, surely. If it is, then I say it's a pity after the trouble he was to her in life if he can't let her alone now he's dead," and for once Grigson sat down to dinner with a frown, which it took a full bottle of Guinness's to dispel. The last streaks of a fiery sunset were dying out of the sky as he again set forth for a cool starlight walk to St. Kilda. It would be a figure of speech to say he went in obedience to the curious summons he had received, for con sidering that he usually walked the same road to the same destination three times a week without special invitation, it is highly pro bable he would have done the same on this auspicious evening summons or no summons. The fact is, he was in love—as violently in in love as a sedate lawyer at fifty could ever hope to be. After pleading for 20 years on behalf of clients, he had filed a claim on his own account, had closed his special pleadings without a single demurrer, and won his suit. Mrs. Rose Middleton, the object of his mature regard, had herself outlived the sentimental age in ladies—that is to say, she was over thirty, a widow, and the mother of two blooming children. She was of good family, and had known and respected her lover from childhood, before years and good living had made him asth matical and fat. The history of her first marriage was a sad one. Frank Middleton was the son of a rich broker, whose money he inherited, but neither his prudence nor capacity. Commercial gambling (he called it speculation) in bogus mining and land shares, and all the other false and alluring traps daily spread for such prey, landed him ultimately in the insolvency court, from which he emerged a whitened sepulchre full of dead men's bones—the dead hopes of wealth, but without a spark of resolu tion left to warm them into life again. Then Grigson, who had advised and warned in vain, insisted on his insuring his life for the benefit of the family, and found him such employment as he could be trusted with. The truth of the aphorism that nothing tries a man like ad versity was never better exemplified than in Middleton's case. He was base metal and rapidly degenerated. Not even the patient love of his wife or the winning pretty helpless ness of his children, much as he "loved them, could save him from himself. So from sins of omission, as hitherto, he passed to sins of com mission, and daily besotted himself with drunkenness and obscenity. He was only saved from completely breaking poor Rose's heart by a terrible calamity, the news of which was gently broken to her by Grigson. Middleton had gone on a trial trip into the country for a wine and spirit firm, and a few evenings after his departure an acquaintance drew Grigson's attention to' a country telegram in' the evening paper. " A commercial traveller named Frank Middleton was run over hereto-day by the down train and killed." Full of pity for the wife's distress the sympathetic old fellow started immediately for the spot and sadly verified the news by recognising (as far as possible) the remains, and a visiting card which was found in the pocket, and also by other circumstances. Three years had passed away since that time, and the first bitter sorrow of the widow had by degrees given place to a calm content, The insurance money on her husband's life, judiciously invested by Grigson, amply sup plied her few wants- and left her at leisure to devote all her love and care to the training and education of her beautiful little Rose and sturdy Frank. How proud she was of them, ani justly too, but not more proud than her old friend. He having stood by her husband and herself through every reverse naturally found an ever hearty welcome, and so the children became his pets and playthings, the objects of his bounty and the resting-place of hi3 thoughts in all moments of loneliness. Happy children; what would home and the world be without your sweet influence? The day without its sun, the night without its stars, the earth with out its flowers would not be more blank. What wonder that a lonely old bachelor, looking from the sparkling blue eyes of little Rose into the mother's, and seeing the same loveliness there, should open his inmost heart to her; what wonder that he should one day burst out with " God bles3 the children and you, too, my dear Rose. I love you all as my own flesh and blood. Let me be a father to them and a husband to you, and you will make an old fellow happy for life." And what could she do but put her hand in his and say—"For their sakes and yours, and for all your goodness, I love you and will be a true wife to you." And so the wedding day was fixed for the very New Year's Day following the Christmas Eve on which this history commences. "Down, Rover, good dog;" and Rover, who made a point of coming to an understanding with every visitor on the doorstep, went down and rolled over several times to express his pleasure, while Grigson knocked at the door. There was a stentorian shout within, and the patter of four little feet along the passage. Then he was pulled into Mrs. Middleton's Bitting-room, and after kissing the family all around he collapsed into a seat with a child chattering and laughing on each knee. It had of course been a day big with .event ful preparation for Christmas festivities. The little hands had been busy from early morning decorating the house with tiny wreaths and branches. Frank had also con ceived a wonderful project for constructing a summer-house of boughs in the shrubbery behind the house, and although Susan, the servant, said it reminded her of ablackfellow's wurlip, it was nevertheless delightfully shady, and in consequence much appreciated by Rover. Then the afternoon had been en livened by a trip to the city and an enchant ing ramble through Paddy's market, with its mountains of fine vegetables and luscious fruit, its Christmas poultry, cheap jacks, and babel of cries. Everything had to be duly chronicled to Uncle Grigson, who, with the weight of that ghostly message on his mind, showed none of his usual interest in their cheerful prattle, and was glad to bid them good night. Mrs. Middleton left the room with the children, and Grigson drew his chair near the French window, which opened into the verandah. There was another window in the room overlooking the side-walk, and shaded by a gigantic creeper. The blind and lower sash of the window were raised to admit the air. In a minute or two Mrs, Middleton returned. "I'm so glad you came," she commenced at once, unlocking a secretarie and taking out a slip of paper. " I have spent the day in a fever of anxiety and doubt, and I couldn't have slept to-night without unburdening my self to you." She paused for a minute, and the gentleman improved the opportunity by pass ing his arm around her and drawing her into a seat. "Do you believe in spiritualism?" she asked suddenly. "Well, yes, in a general way," replied he, beginning to look uncomfortable. " I believe in a spiritual world; but as for spirits leaving their locus in quo and coming backas ghosts or material forms — rapping out conundrums, upsetting furniture, and writing nonsense in bad English, I call it legerdemain and rubbish." "Then how do you explain this?" handing him the slip of paper she held in her hand. Grigson took it, and read aloud—"Be warned; take no marriage vow before a year hence,—A message from the dead." "I found that," continued she, almost whispering, lying on my dressing-table when I got up this morning. It was certainly not there when I went to bed. I can't conceive how it could have been put there during the night. All the outer doors were locked, and though my window was left slightly open at the top any attempt to raise the lower sash would,have roused me; besides, Rover would certainly have alarmed the house. It has quite shaken my nerves; I seem to be in an atmo sphere of the supernatural." "Nonsense, my dear," answered Grigson, whose professional instincts were now aroused. "Let us reason this out. Admitting, for argu ment's sake, the possibility of such a thing, this is either spirit writing or, what is more likely, a confoundedly impudent joke, Now this piece of paper is apparently a leaf torn out of a pocket-book, not torn out in an emergency, because it is soiled and creased as though it had been folded and carried about in some body's pocket after being written on. It isn't reasonable to suppose that spirits carry pocket books, and if they did it's too much to believe they have pockets to put them in. I see your mind is running on poor Frank. With all reverence for his memory this isn't his hand writing, and there is no reason to suppose that if he writes at all from the other world he would have changed his style. Have you asked Susan about it?" "Yes," said she, :"and the children also. They all say they did not put or even see any such paper there," "Then, if Susan is truthful, the only reason able explanation is that some scoundrel has committed forgery, burglary, and sacrilege, and got in through your window without waking you." " But wh,o on earth would do such a thing ? What motive would induce anybody to run the risk of beiDg caught," she asked doubt ingly. "Ah, what motive? I give it up, little woman. Think what deucedly queer things are done every day without apparent motive, simply because the world is half full of rogues and fools, who act all their lives from motives which never suggest themselves to sensible and honest people." " No doubt you are right," sighed she. " It was weak and silly of me to let my feelings control my reason; but, really, William, I have had such a horrible feeling—such a haunted feeling—all day." "Liver complaint," suggested he; "or ner vousness. A little medicine and a good sleep will put you right. Come, cheer up! Think no more about it. I'll take this paper, and if the police don't hunt the sneaking house breaker down I'll know why. In the mean time give no opportunity for further annoy ance." " I certainly shall not. And now that it is done with, take a glass of wine and have a smoke," and she filled a wineglass from the sibeboard and handed it to him. "Thank you, Rose. Here's to the New Year, with its new hopes. May it be a happy one for us all." " " Amen," replied the widow softly. At that instant there was a rustle amongst the shrubbery at the side window, as though a breath of wind had passed that way; but not a leaf stirred. Next followed what sounded like a smothered groan. Grigson nearly dropped his glass, while his companion clutched his arm, and her face grew white as she whis Fnrrfl "What's that?" "The dog, I expect," he replied, instantly recovering himself, and walking to the window. "Rover! Rover! Here, boy. It's all right; the brute must have been dreaming." But Rover was at that instant sound asleep on the cool floor of the lobby, and if Grigson was puzzled he kept it to himself, and reseating himself, launched out into a description of his plans for makiDg to-morrow the very jolliest of Christmas days for the youngsters. From the immediate he glided in talk to the remote future, and discussed Frank's abilities and Rose's virtues, and his schemes for their educa tion and success until the mother's face glowed with delight, and he left her after a tender good night, cheerful and happy again. Next day was given up to tranquil repose. Uncle Grigson appeared in time for church in all the dazzling glory of a clean white suit, new puggaree, and green-lined umbrella, and had to receive the compliments of the season, and a vote of thanks (which little Rose conveyed with few words and many kisses) for his consign ment of Christmas gifts, and then the family set off to All Saints for morning service. The lawyer waB not strictly orthodox, His Christianity consisted in forming his own standard of right, and having acted up to it he conceived he had discharged hi3 entire duty, but on this Christmas morn, with his bride elect, and his pet proteges by his side in church, and a new life opening before him, his heart responded fervently to the burden of the angels' Bong as it swelled forth in the beautiful anthem, and was echoed in the solemn thanks giving—"Peace on earth, goodwill towards men." And a sense of gratitude, begotten of the season and surroundings, awoke some regretful aspirations for a higher life and a closer sympathy with a crucified and risen Saviour, and sent him home chastened and subdued. Then followed dinner. And such a dinner! It was as Grigson, seated at the head of the table with his napkin tucked under his chin, suggested Imperial federation in a small way. The roast beef and plum pudding of old England, and the wine3 and fruits of Australia; John Bull presiding, and young Australia seated around; and never were either more worthily represented. Dinner over, Mr Grigson, on the invitation of Frank (who assumed the duties of host), crept into the arbor, where, sitting on his haunches with his head in the roof, he had an ice cream and laughed immensely. Other youthful friends having arrived the rest of the afternoon and evening was devoted to merry games, cake, and fruit, and it was 10 o'clock before Mrs. Middleton, having dispatched all their little visitors and laid her children's weary heads on their pillows, sat down for a quiet talk with her lover. It was a hot, still night, and Grigson had taken his chair into the verandah, where, sitting in the light through the open French window, he could catch whatever' breeze was stirriDg. "Another Christmas Day gone," he sighed. " Are you sorry to part with it ?" "Well, a little; these red-letter days come so seldom in a fellow's life, However, it's a day less to wait for the day, eh, Rose." "Yes," replied she laughingly, "and it's the last Christmas Day you'll spend as a free man," " By Jove, so it is. It never struck me that way. No matter I'll have a kind little master, and be a happy old slave. By the way, have you had any more spiritual manifestations on the subject. "Pray, my dear, don't laugh at me," replied she. " It impressed me seriously indeed; even as a joke IJconsider it a serious matter." " I'll make it a serious matter for the joker if ever I get a chance," growled he in reply, "IH cure him of his humorous tendencies." _ A minute of silence, and then she said, timidly, " William, I want you to do me a favor. Let our marriage be postponed for a time. Don't think my feelings for you have been influenced by this affair," she continued, interrupting an exclamation from Grigson, " or that I think it is anything more than a stupid trick, but still it has upset me, and I would like a little time to shake off my queer impressions. I don't want any shadows, real or imaginary, to cloud our wedding day," Before replying he reflectively took out and lit a cigar, and then turning his chair towards the widow, who was seated just inside the room, and partly facing the open side window pre viously mentioned, he was about to speak when the dog started up with a suspicious growl and ran around the house corner and down the sidewalk, where he gave a loud bark or two, and then commenced to whine piteously, Grigson had risen and was about to follow, but Mrs. Middleton in a hurried, frightened tone urged, " Gome to me; don't go away," and turning to her he saw she was looking intently at the window. In that instant he saw her eyes dilate with a fearful terror, saw her rise automatically with both a~as rigidly outstretched, and then before he could reach her she uttered one piercing scream and fell stricken and senseless to the floor. In a moment he had raised her, but not without a glance at the open window, It disclosed nothing but the green leaves glancing in the light from within and the black sky set with stars beyond. That dreadful alarm brought Susan running in at one door and Rover at the other, and giving her fainting mistress into the girl's charge with a few directions for her restoration, Grigson called the dog and rushed outside. He went panting down the sidewalk to the back gate, then around the house, peering amongst the trees ; thence to the front garden gate and into the street, Mrs. Middleton's house stood a few doors from the intersection of two streets, one of which her house faced, the back-gate opening into a lane which communicated with the other, With the view of intercepting any prowlers escaping from the lane the lawyer was in full flight around the corner, when he was pulled up breathless and perspiring by a constable. "Now thin, what's the maning of this?" demanded the officer with asperity. " What are ye afther, or what's afther you ?" "I'm after a housebreaker," gasped Grigson, leaning against the adjacent lamppost and mopping his face, " or a ghost." " Faith, you might be that same yourself, flitting around in the dark in that toggery," ' retorted No. 92 coolly. "Confound your impudence," snarled Grig son, " Don't waste jokes on me, you're paid for your long legs and big hulking carcase, and not for your wit. Will you do your duty and look for the rascal." "Look for a ghost? the divil a one o'me. Go home, or I'll lock you up; you're drunk, old man," and Bobby commenced to move on. " I tell you there's been a house broken into and the burglar's about that lane. If you don't go and look, by heavens I'll report you," " Why didn't you say so at first;" and after a little further explanation the constable turned back to make a search, and the other returned to the house. Here he found Mrs. Middleton in the dining-room, recovered from her Bwoon, and sobbing hysterically, Motioning Susan to leave the room he tried to soothe her. "What has frightened you, my poor little woman ?" "The face! the face at the window!" she moaned, shaking with terror. "Whose face, Rose?" he asked, while his heart seemed to stop its beating. "Frank's; my poor dead husband's! Oh, what shall I do ? What shall I do ?" she con tinued, wringing her hands. • Thoroughly alarmed at her condition, Grig son recalled Susan and suggested that she had better take her mistress to bed while he went for a doctor; but Mrs, Middleton said no, she would go to bed, and Susan should stay by her. And assuring him that she would soon feel better, she retired. Not caring to return fcj the sitting-room, and sorely puzzled "and perturbed, the man of law resorted to his inevitable cigar case for comfort, and had just succeeded in filling the room with smoke when Susan came back. Mrs, Middleton was asleep under the influence of a draught which she had got from the doctor the previous day. And so, after terrifying the girl by giving her strict orders to lock every door and window in the house, he rose to go. At that moment came a low rap at the front door, and Susan having positively refused to stir the lawyer opened it, and found—not the ghost, but constable No. 92, who in a somewhat ghostly manner beckoned him outside. Here a low conversation took place, which ended in both going away together. Next day was Boxing Day, and had nothing occurred it would have been spent by the family in a yachting excursion in the bay; but Mrs. Middleton was too ill to go out, and Grigson did not arrive till nearly midday. He looked almost as worn and troubled as she did, and there was an air of suppressed excitement about him which even the widow noticed, She also observed that although he was as tender and considerate as ever, yet there was a formal politeness in his manner which was altogether new, and chilled her to the heart. Expecting he would ridicule her ghost-seeing powers as an effect of imagination or indigestion, she was surprised that he made no reference to it. He did remark, however, just before going, "I have been thinking about what you said last night, and I agree with you that our marriage had better be postponed." And so it was; New Year's Day came and went, and there was no wedding, and though her lover came and went also, as heretofore, yet the widow felt that he came as a lover no loDger, but rather as the friend of old days. Not that he was less kind, for during all that Christmas week, while she was suffering from low fever, he was constant in his sympathetic attentions, driving her and the children about, and neglecting nothing which could minister to her comfort and the little ones' enjoyment; but there were no longer any of those little familiarities which are the freemasonry of love amorigst all ages and conditions of people. Some times he was moody and absent-minded, creep ing into the house abruptly, and after watching the children at their play or the mother at her needlework for some minutes in melancholy silence departing as suddenly as he came. Then one day—a few days after the new year —the postman brought a note from him, inti mating that he was unavoidably detained at home, but would see them in a few days. The widow's perplexity had been growing day by day, and this brought it to a climax. Rearing he was ill she resolved to go and see him, and at all events come to an understanding with him. Accordingly she set off the same after noon for South Yarra, and, arriving at the house, went purposely around to the back, and enquired for Mrs. Williams, with whom she had *a slight acquaintance. The little house maid who answered the door showed her into a small sitting-room, and went to apprise the old lady of her visitor. Seating herself, Mrs. Middleton noticed a second closed door in the room, leading apparently into one of the front rooms of the house, from which came a subdued murmur of voices. Either the girl had forgotten her or Mrs, Williams was occu pied in making herself presentable, for she did not come, and Mrs. Middleton was about to go in search of her when her attention was sud denly rivetted by a startling occurrence. To undeistand what that occurrence was we must look into the next room, where at that moment Grigson was Heated, his gaze intently fixed on the face of a younger man who lay wearily on the opposite couch. It was a pinched and emaciated face, with bright sunken eyes, a face which, in spite of the deadly touches of mental suffering and bodily disease, still retained the faint outlines of former grace. One glance was enough to show that the man was dying. There were cooling drinks and medicine bottles on a table by his side, and the air of the room was heavy with the smell of drugs. They had been in earnest conversation, and the invalid paused to moisten his dry lips from a wineglass on the table, sinking back gaspingly after the effort. "I'm choking for air," he panted, motioning to the door of the room in which Mrs.. Middle ton was seated. " Open it." His companion rose, opened the door about half way, and returning to his seat resumed the conversation. " I tell you, Frank, there is no time to be lost; you must let me go at once. It is a duty you owe to me, as well as to your wife and children. Your memory is as dear to her as ever, and all her remembrances of you have been stirred by your message and unlucky ap pearance. I'm not blaming you, my poor fel low. I say this to convince you that your reason for refusing to disclose yourself no longer exists. Her tranquillity is already dis turbed, her suspicions already aroused." There was a slight sound in the next room, and GrigBon stopped, and looked, sharply around. "It's nothing," said the other, noticing the look; " nobody could go in there without my seeing them." Could they have seen that form drooping against the wall with clasped hands, white face, and eager straining eyes! But .they did not, and Grigson went on— " However painful it may be to recover you only to lose you again, think of the lifelong pain to her, and the reproach to me of the dis covery that you died in my house without a word from her when you might have died in her arms," "No more," groaned the other, "Bring her to me." There was a wild cry. "Frank, Frank, my husband; I am here. Oh, my darling, my darling;" and Mrs. Middletoa was on her knees by her husband, with both arms entwined about his neck, and his poor head on her breast, before Grigson realised what had happened. Then he crept out of the room, and shutting the door behind him stole into the lobby wiping his eyes and blowing his nose with great vigor. Here he intercepted Mrs, Williams bustling along the passage, " Where'sMrs.Middleton?" she began; then noticing her lodger's face she started back with " Lor, sir, whatever's the matter?" " I want to speak to you," he whispered, drawing her into the study, and with solemn injunctions of secrecy he explained matters, while the old lady's eyes grew double-sized with amazement, "I'll tell you all about it some time," he concluded, as she went out, " but now get the poor thing a cup of some thing or other ready, and let no one go near them." And then he sat down to think and wait. The sun went down, and the fiery glow of day cooled into the twilight gloom bsfore the invalid's bell rang. Then going into the room Grigson found wife and husband hand in hand. "I can die happy now," breathed the sick man. " I've told her all, and she has forgiven me." Mrs. Middleton stooped and kissed him sobbingly ;thenpiteously wailed, "Oh, William,, can nothing be done to save him?" "Nothing," interposed her husband quickly, " but what has been done. Rose, Rose, it's better so; I have wasted my life. If I lived I might waste yours. Grigson, my dear old. friend, come near to me. I want things to go on between you after I am gone juBt as'though I had never come back. I want you to marry and be happy. Promise me this, or I shall feel that I have only come back like an old blight. Now send for my children." Lights were brought and a messenger dis patched to St. Kilda. Middleton haying been taken to bed dropped off into a feverish sleep, and as his wife refused to leave his side for a moment Grigson sent her some refreshment, and then Bat down to dinner in company with Mrs, Williams. The old lady's curiosity was sufficiently whetted to make her company un pleasantly interrogative, and by passing from one artfully sympathetic question to another,, she managed to piece together the following explanation of the whole mystery, The report of Middleton's death originated in a case of mistaken identity. On the day of the accident he had met the man who really was killed at an hotel where they both put up. Tney exchanged cards and left the hotel together, but Middle ton went by the up-train, while his companion, waiting about the station for the Melbourne train, was subsequently run over and so mutilated that recognition of the remains, ex cept by dress and circumstances, was impos sible. Middleton heard the report of his own death at the next town he stopped at. He was deeply in debt, hopeless of himself, and ready for anything desperate. It flashed upon him. in a moment that if he could get quietly away the report of his death might be believed, the insurance money on his life paid, and his family provided for. Everything favored him, and he contrived to escape recognition during the whole time he was working or tramping about the thinly settled, parts of a neighboring colony, undergoing all the vicissitudes of a vagabond life, and by privation, exposure, and excess sowing the seeds of the disease which was'now killing him. As he got weaker and more despondent the ever-present longing to see his wife and children again mastered every other feeling. He had gone too far to turn, back, but he had fitful half- formed notions of getting his family away, and after reconciling his wife to the fraud he had practised, live on the results of it. So he made his way back to Melbourne in disguise, and hiding in the daytime, and going about watching and enquiring at night heard all about the intended marriage. His better feelings were touched by the sight of his wife's happiness, and advised that his own days were nearly told, he resolved, if possible, to delay the marriage, and then like a second Enoch Arden go away and die. He accordingly con trived with the connivance of Rover to get into the house and leave that mysterious mes sage written in a disguised hand, and Bince Mrs, Middleton's information that the doors had all been locked depended on Susan's memory, which was unstable as water and treacherous withal, the reader will better understand his method of doing it than the motives which could suggest so stupid a. method. Probably his mind was becoming morbid under the influence of his surroundings, for he was at the window the following even ing anxious, not only to feast his eyes on the ight of his wife, but also to hear some indication of the success of his trick. As will be remem bered his emotion on that night nearly led to the discovery which followed his unlucky visit on the following evening, and it was only by crouching close to the wall that he escaped Grigson's observation. After involuntarily showing his face at the window on Christmas night he crept under the shrubbery until Grigson got into the street, and then making his way into the lane he was met by the constable and detained. In the interview which followed with Grigson everything wa3 explained. The astonished lawyer took him to South Yarra, called in a doctor, and nursed the prodigal like a child, What followed may be told briefly. Frank Middleton died a few weeks afterwards, and was quietly buried at St. Kilda; so quietly that not a whisper of his strange romance ever got abroad. At the widow's urgent request Grigson arranged with the society to refund the insurance money, and though some un pleasant enquiries were suggested the directors were for once easily satisfied, and took a cheque silently and thankfully. It is scarcely necessary to say in conclusion that Mr. Grigson is no longer a bachelor, and it is only fair to 'Mrs. Grigson. to_ add that he has been growing fatter and jollier every day since the wedding. 