SPORTING. A pedestrian match has been made between H. Davison and M. H. Combe for £10 aside to run three distances-100, 150, and 220 yards, Combe to receive 5, 7, and 9 yards start re- epsctively. A deposit of £5 each was placed in Mr. C Wadey-a hands on Thursday night and the balance is to be paid on the night be fore the race. The match will probably be run on tfae Adelaide Oval on Saturday, Feb rnaiy 20, Davison is pretty confident of rictory. We learn by telegram from Orroroo that Czarina, Galena, Peru, and Plunger have been scratchejd for aUengagememts. We hear from Melbourne that Nordenfeldt is supposed to be wrong, and ha was restricted to walking exercise on the course yesterday rooming, and has receded in the betting for the Champion Stakes. A week ago one metal!ician laid a thousand to five hundred against him at the Victorian Club. General (Entries for the V.R.C. Autumn Mceeting are dne on Monday next February 8. Steps are being taken to form a polo club for Melbourne*. Messrs. A. and R. Chirnside and Rupert Clarke are at the head of the movement In the Trial Stakes at Geelong the promising filly Citoyenne by Gang Font!—rd—-La Name (dam of Tyropean) ran against a fence, and was so badly injured that she had to be de sboyed. The shocking death of Hubt, the steeple chase jockey, on Saturday (says the Argus of February 1) wfll make the Geelong raoes re membered for years to come. Although be bad ridden publicly littie more than four years, he bad already attained the reputation of being one of the cleverest as well as the most fearless, of cross-country riders in Aus tralia. At the same time he was one of the unlnckiest and those who only hear of it now wfll be surprised to find that on three 6uccestuve Saturdays be was thrown. A fortnight previously Chester 11\. fe"l with bim in tfae Victorian Club Steeplechase at Memington, and the next Saturday aaw him apparently so seriously in jured on Moscow in the Steeplechase at Elsternwick park as to necessitate his re moval to the hospital, whence he was dis charged in time to steer Sinking Fund to victory in the Geelong Hurdle Race on Thurs day. Two days later he mounted Patchwork for bis fatal ride. Huht was a general favorite, not simply for his prowess in the saddle, but for his modest and respectful bearing, his honesty, and steady i*rreproachable conduct. His parents are well-to-do German colonists resident in the neighborhood of Albury, and some time back he accompanied them on a trip to the fatherland. Hunt was engaged to be married, and bad promised bis sweetheart that he would not ride again after his mount on Patchwork. Apart from this distressing accident the wind-up of the Geelong racing was remarkable in its surprise's. The first was Donald's un expected success in the Juvenile Stakes, for which he started friendless after his sorry dis play on Thursday in the Sires' Produce Stakes. On Saturday, however, in tfae handicap, at a difference of two stone from tfae favorite, and a stone aud a half from Damocles, he cut everything down in the straight, and confirmed in a measure Mr, V mile's previously-expreased opinion that he was a promiaing colt Donald is by Progress or King of the Ring out of a Mt—idora mare, and is in next season's V.R.C. Derby. The moat severe blow administered to backers, however, was in the Geelong Handicap, which looked so certain a thing for Claptrap after his Gold Cup victory. But again the unex pected was provided in a runawayrace for St OdiUe, who was never (—tight The filly waa turned loose without being backedfor a penny, in consequence of more than once disappoint ing her owner previously, and it was only by tfae merest chance that she saw the post, as Mr. Harper's intention, almost at the last moment, was not to start her. St OdiUe is by St Albans —Prioress, by Croagh Patrick— The Novice, by The Hermit and is in the Newmarket Handicap at 6 st After winning the Geelong Handicap the filly was backed to win a large stake at 100 to 4. The last win ning outsider —also unbacked—at Geelong, was the Tar-manian four-year-old Sflvernnhis, who is by Napoleon—Silverhair, by Ce-—us— Pradeiice, by Jersey—Black Sal. The colt has been for some months in Foulsham's stable- He is in the New market Handicap with 6st 13 lb. Some excitement was occasioned duriug the day owing to the action of the tttewards in ejecting Mr. B. Thompson from the stand en closnre. Mr. Thompson was in tfae ring offer ing tob*—on the first ra-ce, bnt did not book a wager. The stewards demanded the fee cbaiged for all bookmakers, whie-h Mr. Thomp son refused to pay, as he was not on the course on the first day of the meeting. He, however, tendered half the amount which the stewards refused to accept and as he did not leave when desired to do so he was ejected from the stand enclosure fay the police. Mr. Thompson aaid that he had not made a bet, and offered to re frain from betting if permitted to remain in tfae stand (Bnclo(sure, but this proposition waa not acceded to. A fund bas been orgamsed by the bookmakers to test tfae authority of the steward!j to eject any one from tbe course. Tbe Geelong -race3cej-urs(3, it may be mentioned, is the property of debenture holders. Since the publication of the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup weights busi ness at the rooms has been a bit brisker (says the Melbourne Sportsman of February 3). The six furlong race, which commands more atten tion than any other event has been very freely operated upon, Cralla, Xantippe, Mer rimu, Malna, St OdiUe,and Honeydew having each been backed at thousands to thirty straight out; and in doubles with Nordenfeldt Matchlock, Sheet Anchor, Duration, and Grace Darling, at from thousands to two to five. _ No business of any importance has been done in tbe At—rbahan Cup so far, and nothing appears to go down with backers for the Champion, bar Nordenfeldt and Sheet Anclior. The following are the latest quotations :— Newmarket Handicap—looo to 30 St OdiUe (tk.), 1000 to 30 Honevdew (tk. freely, 1000 to 40 off.), 1000 to 30 Solo (tk.), 1000 to 30 Malua (off.), 1000 to 30 Merrimu (tk.), 1000 to 30 Xantippe (tk. to win £5,000), 1000 to 30 Mozart (off), 1000 to 30 SUvermine (off.), 1000 to 30 Tbe Ghost (off.), 1000 to 23 Bis Bis (tk.), 1000 to 20 WiUiam TeU (off.), 1000 to 20 The Israelite (tk.), 1000 to 20 Queatin Matseys (tk.) Australian Cup. —No business, save in doubles, about which 1000 to ii on the field is offered, Champion.—looo to 500 Nordenfeldt (tk.), 1000 to 150 Sheet Anchor (off.), 800 to 183 Sardins (tk.) A telegram sent from Pittsburg to tiie 'Frisco press on Dec-enlbeer 30 said John Teeaner, the (Tamnan, has entered into an agreement with Beerinald I—idley, of Sydney, Australia, to visit that country next spring and row two races with Beach. I—idley promises him a royal reception, innumerable presents, and immense winnings, when he pays the southern continent a visit * 