Lower Temora. May 10. However brilliant the future of Lower Temora may be,, ihe town looks especially dull at present. One hotel and a few Chinese stores are the only places of business, and the silence in the streets is ominous indeed. This silence is occasionally broken by what cannot be considered an unknown tongue - viz., the gibberish of the Mongolians. They appear to be more numerous than the Caucasian at this end of Temora. Judging by the clothes-lines and the occasional glimpse of a petticoat, John is not always a bachelor. In fact, some rather well-dressed women were pointed out to me as residents of the Chinese quarter. Some of the men have applied for ground, and are culti vating gardens, and that most singular implement, a Chinese plough, is in full swing on the old siteof Osborne's HoteL This plough has but one handle, and appears to be formed of a crooked sapling, the handle part dipping earth- ward towards the beam, which is slightly elevated. The ploughshare is vertical from the beam ; beneath the latter there is a wooden frame in the shape of the letter V. The lower part, for some 10 inches, is covered by two iron or steel plates, one on each side of the frame. These form the ploughshare, and are riveted together, the lower edges fitting closely. The share enters the earth in the same way as the coulter of an ordinary plough, and the beam rests on the wide part of the V frame, which constitutes, with the plates attached, both mouldboard and share. The top of the V frame being affixed to the beam (which is connected with the handle) naturally constitutes a lever, and with a slight motion of the right hand the ploughman can turn the upright share inwards or outwards. Mr. Ping Sing, if memory serves, for one is apt to become mixed in Mongolian nomenclature, is the first Chinaman who has introduced a Chinese plough in Temora, and it is possible that he would make more money by exhibiting the article as a 'curio ' than by taking out a patent. Although he said, 'No good, no good,' I noticed that he seemed to do his work easily and with fair speed, but the furrow was shallow, and the plough could not be used in new ground. The blacksmith, a most intelligent man, first called my attention to the plough by saying that he had that morning seen the most curious thing which had come under his notice since he left Scotland. Considering that an invention which had astonished a Scotch artisan must be worth seeing, I interviewed the Mongolian, and returned with the impression that, so far as I was personally concerned, the ' Caucasian was played out,' for such a makeshift is not to be met with every day, and would never have suggested itself to my mind. Although there are two good claims in the lower lead, viz., No. IA (Deutcher's ground) and Buckley's, the remainder of the lead is said to be so poor that even the Chinese are leaving and taking employment with squatters. The most pleasing feature in the landscape is a nice farm of Mr. Dentcher's, on the eastern slopes of the lead ; and in the springtime the numerous gardens and the large area devoted to agriculture relieve the eye, which has been dwelling on feeble old miners shambling along amid duffer heipB and the indescribable desolation and grotesque dis order which ever prevail on a semi-deserted goldfield. Apropos of farmers, a resident in Lower Temora complains that he selected land during the first week that the new Land Act came in force, and that the ground has not been surveyed. He has not been called upon to attend the Land Court in Cootamundra, but I believe the man has proceeded to that place to state his particular grievance to the officials. The Lands Department have possibly their hands full at present, but the situation is tantalising to tho intending selector. Despite Buckley's rich finds in nuggets, a diggings in which the Chinaman cannot make a living is poor indeed, and an agriculturist is apt to wish that the valley could resume its original form, and the labour of the husbandman supersede the fruitless efforts of the irre pressible and indefatigable alluvial miners. The owners of the dingy-looking dwellings, which have now an aged and weatherworn appearance, although large sums were expended in (he erection, look with positive disgust at the remnants of old machinery and the almost useless puddling machines and silent claims. An old miner remarked during my visit, ' This is a fine place for a philosopher, but philo sophy will not keep the pot boiling:.' Personally, I began to feel nervous while contemplating the solemn aspect of the deserted claims, and could imagine the ghost of Harry Whaite, the famous prospector, contemplating the wreck of his most, cherished schemes. The names of Sun Quong Fat, Ah Yong, Sim Ping, Yoh Hey, and other euphonious appellations made a jumble in my car, and I began to involuntarily imitate the peculiar chatter of the residents. The Celestial surroundings were more than I could endure, and I departed happy to leave a spot once famous for noise and revelry, but now remarkable as the home of the Mongolian, surrounded by poverty. 