THINGS AND OTHERS. The following are the goH returns p-r j fortnightly «.sc»r». this morning :-P-n-t j Darwin, 370 oz i ; Smithp'irt, 495 m> : \ total 8(55 oas. The torque Duke of Connaught, from j England, with railway mavrial, anchored j in the ¡iorb:nr .-it noon U#-d:iy. ¡ ! We understand thu last shipment of Daly River copper ore averaged 28 per cent. Over 1,000 tons ore from this splendid property has now been shipped south, and has maintained the same average throughout Griffen, a coloured man, sentenced at the Police Court to seven days imprison- ment for disturbing the peace at the Exchange Hotel; and for amusing him- self by smashing police cell, fined £3 or three months. Elected to go to gaol. During the hearing of the summons case this week --Ah Toon v. Dewar -- in which the defendant was ordered to pay the amount claimed and costs, the plaintiff excited considerable amusement by his pantomimic description of an alleged assault, in which the toe of defendant's boot and a certain tender portion of Ah Toon's anatomy came into violent collision. A row occurred in China Town on Monday night originating in one of the gambling dens. A Malay, named Griffiths, was set upon by several Chinese, and for a few minutes stones, sticks, and rotten eggs, &c;, were in demand. No one seriously hurt, and no arrests. The Catterthun made her appearance on Friday afternoon last, and did not take her departure until noon the follow- ing day. She had several passengers on board, and a good many of them found their way ashore during the evening, slightly enlivening the place for a short time. The deck of the vessel presented the liveliest scene that has been wit- nessed in Fort Darwin harbour for a long time past, being crowded with a miscellaneous assemblage of passengers, a large number of horses, and several pearling craft. Four of these latter were large cumbersome boats, which occupied nearly all the available space on deck forward of the bridge, and an additional one of smaller size was sus- pended on the davits. All these boats belonged to Captain Reddel, bound from Thursday Island to Cambridge Gulf, I and from thence to King's Sound. Abaft the bridge, ranged in a long row | of stalls on the port side, were the horses belonging to Mr. O'Donnell's exploring expedition. These animals, j we understand, on being shipped were insured to the extent of £30 each. The original number was twenty-six, but soon after starting one of the horses met with an accident by which its jaw was broken. To save the amount insured for the poor brute was allowed to drag out its miserable existence until the day previous to arrival in Port Darwin, when it managed to depart this life unaided, and the insurance money was saved. The remaining horses looked in splendid condition, and Mr. O'Donnell appears to have have chosen them with an eye to all the points requisite in nags destined for the difficult work of trans- porting an exploring party and their effects. On the opposite side of the boat were some eight or nine handsome horses that were being taken to Singa- pore for sale. The Catterthun got away about 2.30 p.m., and we should imagine Captain Darke did not grieve very much at the prospect of his speedy arrival at Cambridge Gulf and debarka- tion of deck lumber. Mr. Kilian, manager of Brandt's sugar plantation at Shoal Bay, states that the cane at that place is looking exceedingly well considering the very poor rainfall this year, no rain having, fallen before the beginning of January. Owing to the wet season setting in so late about 100 acres, which had been planted rather early, missed, and will bava to be re-planted. The soil varies greatly in quality, and of course requires peculiar treatment according to its different constituents, but taken as a whole, Mr. Kilian feels confident that it is well adapted to the growth of sugar, always provided there is a' sufficient rainfall. Fifty or sixty acres of the j cane looks very well, and if the rain will only continue for another month it is anticipated that 100 tons of sugar will be manufactured this year ; and this the Manager considers is a low estimate for the quantity of cane, as at a trial crushing some time ago the per centage of saccharine matter proved higher than that obtained from the richest specimens of Queensland grown cane. The labour employed on the plantation is princi- pally Chinese, about fifty being engaged, who receive the extravagant wage of 2s. fid. per day, and "find themselves." There are also some seven or eight Europeans. We believe the plantation presents the appearance of a small township, with its mill buildings, con- taining a splendid lot of lately imported machinery; its Manager's dwelling: house and officei and the European and Chinese .quarters, "4c," We sincerely hope the season may prove propitious, as the pluck Mr. Brandt bas diiplayed in carrying on thia comparatively un tried industry deserves sucoass ; and we require only one genuine success to start into life similar undertakings through* out the Territory. Mr. Warland, one of the oldest of Northern ^Territory pioneers, left Palmerston for op country on Monday Iasty. his primary object, we believe, being the inspection bf the' Elsey cattle .station. It is over twenty years since Mr. Warland made his tirst appearance in the northern portion of Australia, at the time of the settlement at Escape Cliffs under Colonel Finniss, and before Port Darwin was thought of as a suit- able site for the future capital, and it was largely owing to his representations, after seeing both places, that Escape Cliffs was abandoned. Mr. Warlands opinion of the Territory as a iield for the growth of sugar is not a very high one ; that is, speaking only of the country that he has himself seen, und he has ' travelled over a considerable portion ot it at various periods. He considers that for the successful cultivation of tropical products a cheap system of irrigating such as obtains in Java and other island* of the Malayan archipelago would be necessary, and he thinks the genera) character of the country, and the patchy ; nature of the good soil, would render I the payable working of a similar system herc, on large holdings, a matter of im j possibility. On the subject of wool growing becoming a success he also ! expresses himself in dubious terms ; he is positive sheep will never thrive within 150 miles of the coast-beyond that they may answer to a comparative extent as the couutry becomes stocked and the herbage sweeter and more nutritious. Horse and cattle breeding in the Territory is, of course, a proved success, and as indicating the possibi- lities looming up in the near future of a profitable market being opened up close at hand for the former animals, Mr. Warland mentioned a conversation he had some time ago with the Dutch Consul in Victoria, in which that gentle- man stated that he had been instructed by his Government to ascertain whether a thousand horses were procurable in the Territory for shipment to Java. As to a market for cattle, Mr. Warland states that one of the principal objects of his present visit is to ascertain the feasi- bility of opening up an export trade in cattle to the Straits Settlements. Various plans of operation have been discussed in connection with the scheme, among others the freezing process ; but Mr. Warland is of opinion that it would never answer, owing to tho heat prevailing both here and at the Straits. The sudden changes of temperature would be too great, and the system obtaining in England of removing meat through a series of chambers of graduated temperature too expensive. Another proposal was to ship the cattle alive to Hongkong, land them, and butcher them as required ; but a great drawback to this plan was tho antici- pated difficulty of obtaining a suitable ' enclosure ashore in which to keep th« cattle in such thickly populated localities as Singapore or Hongkong. Mr. Warland, however, thinks he can overcome this difficulty. Old hulks are I cheap and plentiful in southern ports, I and his idea is to purchase one or two and utilise them as cattle pens and ' huge, floating, wholesale butchering es- tablishments, from whence the demands I on shore could be supplied as needed. The plan certainly has the recoinmenda ¡ tion of novelty, for it is rather reversing I the usual order of things for-a city to receive its daily meat supply from a . vessel lying quietly at anchor. The scheme is, of course, still in embyro, none of the details being worked out ; but he entertains strong hopes of being able successfully to establish the in- dustry on the lines here roughly sketched if only he can depend upon obtaining a regular supply of fat cattle at a reasonable rate. A Palmerston lunatic sends along the following, the truth of which he vouches for :-" It happened at ono of the lead- ing hotels in Palmerston. There are so many tales related now of the terrible cussedness and ingratitude of the human animal that one more does not much matter anyway. An old gentleman was staying at the hotel, whose heart over- flows with the milk of loving kindness, and whose face is always beaming with a. bright and genial smile. He had a capital bedroom all to himself, in whieh was' two beds. A steamer came in during the day, and in the evening many thirsty passengers found their way on shore and started sampling. The occupation had its usual inspiriting effect, and many of them became wildly, demoniacally hilarious. Late in the evening half-a-dozen of them were congregated in the above hotel. One of tho number, a young man, with an unlighted candle clutched tenaciously in his hand, and with a vacant stare and zig-zag course, was wandering aimlessy around on the warpath after some one who had stolen his boots, The old gentleman saw him, and his soft heart became filled with compassion ; perhaps the scene reminded bim of long-forgotten events in his own earlier years. Any- how, he button-holed that young man, and gently coaxed him into bis own room and -- deposited bim on the spare bed. - Leaving him peacefully at rest, the old* gentleman adjourned to the verandah- to enjoy another cigar with all the added sett imparted by the happy consciousness of having just performed a good and noble action, He meditated long in the balmy night breeze, and the noisy revellers had departed and ali the household were sunk in slumber when he. at length sought;1 his >room . .To his dismay lie found the door locked.': In .vain he knocked and ' shouted, i* .The '. inmate, with the sleepy conning of j f ' inebriety, had bolted 'the door with' the; hazy notion of keeping out his" late tor- mentors, and . the only reply the old gentleman could' elicit to'his anxious j requests for admittance was a long drawn, deep-toned note of nasal' music Exasperated, the old gentleman paced . the passage for hours, and at last, weary ,. and disgusted, he took refuge in a chair * and dropped into n troubled sleep. 'Twas late when he awoke, and'wonder- ing whether thc ungrateful recipient of his kindness was still sleeping, he went to his. room. But the sleeper had vanished, as had also a pair of the old gentleman's best boots. He vows never again, A*c." Last week a considerable amount oi anxiety was experienced by the friend: of Mr. E. O Robinson concerning hü safety, his boat being several week: overdue. It was feared some disastei had occurred, and the matter was repre- sented to the Government Resident witt a view to having a vessel sent in search But if a man's life is in danger,-and hil only hope is in prompt Government assistance, he may as well giVe up the ghost at once. The Resident had tb forward the customary telegram for permission to act in the matter, and no satisfactory reply being received, ' Mr. Stevens started in his steam- launch, the Victoria, on Friday last, and re- turned to Fort Darwin on the Sunday afternoon following with Mr. Robinson's boat in tow, whom he had picked np ofi Gape Don two days previously in the old Lepanto. ' From the following account of Mr. Robinson's adventure, obtained from himself, ' it - will be seen that the fears aroused by his non arrival in port were not groundless, his best boat having foundered whilst on her way here, leaving him to swim to land, some seven miles distant, in a heavy sea. It appears that on February 4 Robinson's two boats, the Bertie and Tom, left Buffalo Bay for Port. Darwin The Tom had a full cargo of trepang, and carried two Manilla men, one native ~~&n;ñ - his lubra, and four Chinese pas- sengers, and sailed for Palmerston direct. The Bertie carried two natives and a lubra, and Robinson, and was loaded with rice, spirits, and sundries, aid sailed in the first place for one of Robinson's trepang camps with stores. On February 6 sailed from east side of Point Smith at 5.30 a.m., and at 7 a.m., heavy squalls coming up from the north-west, hove to. In half-an-hour it cleared, and the boat was put on a course to clear Point Smith, being under easy sail, and bowling along two points free. When close to Point Smith the wind suddenly chopped round to westward nnd jammed the boat dead on a lee shore. Tried to put her about, but owing to heavy sea running she missed stays; tried her again with the same result. Then attempted to wear her, but fearing the reef was too near, she was again brought up to the wind, and having good way on her almost suc- ceeded in going about, but a heavy sea again forced her to pay off on her old course. During this time the wind and sea was rapidly Betting the boat down towards the reef, and Robinson, fearing 6he would strike, gavé the order to let go the anchor. As the boat felt the strain and came up into the wind her jib filled on the other tack, and he tried to lift the anchor, but conld not owing to chain having fouled a rock. What followed can be expressed most clearly in his own words-"Thinking it was only a squall, and not wishing to lose ray anchor, I determined to try and ride it out, and slacked away more chain. But it turned out to be only the com- mencement of a regular gale of wind. At sundown it was blowing hard. The night set in very dark, and we lay there all night, the boat. behaving splendidly, and, despite the heavy sea, riding to her anchor like a bird. Next morning, fully realising the dangerous position I was in, I got up all the chain on deck, ready to slip and make sail if the wind moderated sufficiently. But I got no chance all day. Compelled to hang on through another night. Watched her anxiously all night, fearing the chain would not stand the terrible strain. At 1.30 a.m. on the 8th the chain at length parted, and I had either to carry sail or go on shore. I had got everything prepared in case of such an emergency, and in a few moments I had reefed mainsail and jib On ber. But on looking at the compass I saw that I should have to carry more sail to clear Sandy Island Reef, as the heavy seas caused her to make a lot of leeway. I therefore gave her the foresail double» reefed, With this sail she tore through the wafer, and at 4 a.m. on the 9tb I was well out to sea and olear of all .danger, and prepared to go about Just as I was, doing so a heavy sea brok* on board and sw^ept the dingy, off her deck. Boeing the danger I at once ont tba lashings still holding and let bar go. The noxt thing that happened the tackling holding the mainsail jerked . loose, and the sail came igpvo by the Trun and went over Iii» stfe, and lt took '" a long time to get it on board. It was daylight by this tisse, and making . out the land I determined to run into . Fort Bremer for shelter. Had a fair wind, and the beat going ftíong com- fortably and shipping no water I con- sidered all danger was over, and told one . of the natives and .the lubra to go below : and obtain some rest, keeping one native ; on deck, t* I was. keeping gîjy. eye* csis/ j fully fixed on. my bearings, ~on shore, . which were partially obacured j>j nun clouds, when I was suddenly overtaken by a tremendous sea^ and' in a moment found myaeif-head), downwards in the water. .Twisted myself clear of r boat, and then swam: back and ;got on "her bottom, but asea immediately swept; mV off again. The natives were shimming alongside of me, the one who had gone below with the lubra having by some means made his escape-he did not him- self know how. Not seeing the lubra, asked the native where she was, and was told she was still in the boat ; probably entangled in the cargo, but we could render her no assistance. The hatches, were floating in the water, and the air was being forced from the boat at every roll We waited in the vicinity of the boat for five minutes in hopes the lubra would appear, and then each took one of the hatches and swam off. Boat went down when we had got 150 yards away, in about 12 fathoms of water, and about seven miles from land. We were about six hours in the water before reaching land, and then had forty miles to walk to the nearest of my camps* Made an old native wurley in Raffles Bay that afternoon about sundown, and slept there. Thé natives had only just left it, and we could find nothing-ta eat. Next day made west side of Buffalo Bay, and about sundown sighted my camp on the opposite side. Being half famished made an early start- the following morning;- ahd; got into' camp about half-past 7. After resuscitating got the old Lepahto down and patched her up as well as possible, and made a start for Palmerston on the 6th of March. On the 12th saw the Victoria, off Cape Don, and she towed me into Port Darwin. My other boat, the Tom, met with the same gale, aud had to put back into Port Essington with jib blown away and portion of cargo damaged.'' From the Melbourne "Daily Tele- graph" of February 20 we clip the fol- lowing paragraph having reference to Mr. O'Donnell's present exploring expe- dition:-"Mr. W. O'Donnell, the ex- plorer, sailed from Melbourne yesterday in the s.s. Catterthun, on a third expe- dition to the new colony of Kimberley, Western Australia. He is accompanied by five Euro.e.ns aid one native o' Victoria, and takes with him twenty-six horses of the finest stamp that ever left this colony for the work that is before him. The vessel takes him direct to Cambridge Gulf, from which point he will travel up the Ord River to the new goldfields, and thence make a course north-westward to the head waters of the Glenelg. After an exploration of this interesting region, where Grey dis- covered the memoräble~cave drawings, he purposes endeavouring to find a pass through the Leopold Range to the western settlements of Kimberley. We may next hear of him at Derby, on King's Sound. Mr. O'Donnell has been liberally furnished by Baron von Mueller with the requisites to enable him to make a collection of the fauna of this unknown land, and one of his com* panions takes with him a photographic outfit, so that in addition to geographical information we may look forward to most valuable contributions to science. It is only justice to Mr. O'Donnell to say that Mr. Hardmann, the Govern- ment Geologist, who was engaged with the survey for two years in Kimberley, in his interesting report remarks that he has found O'Donnell's notes on the geological formation so accurate that he has without hesitation accepted them, and framed portion of his report on them. We heartily wish Mr. O'Donnell success in his enterprise." 