TRIP ACROSS KANGAROO ISLAND. [By our Agricultural Editor.] (Concluded.) There is good fishing and hunting in the neighbourhood of Karratta for a patient man. In the river where the brackish water commences there are bream and other fish, besides ducks, swans, and other waterfowl. By-the- way, one of Mr. Harpur's sons and I managed to catch four cygnets after about two hours' chase in a rowboat. In the scrub there are wallabies in plenty, but the scrub is altogether too thick for shooting. Parrots and other birds are plentiful amongst the tall trees higher up, and amongst the thick jungle where three or four creeks join in the flat to form the Stunsail Boom River there are wild pigs. One of the hands upon the station used to go out on Sunday meditating, aided with the services of the station gun, and he fre- quently came home laden with choice morsels of pork. Upon the coast at the mouth of the river there are rocks from which, in calm weather, fish of all kinds can be caught, and crayfish are hauled to the surface upon a piece of meat tied to a rope, and then grabbed by the horns. After a few days' stoppage at Karratts —I cannot say "rest," because we were exploring and collecting from daylight till dark, except when taking our meals—Mr. Harpur kindly offered to take us across to Cape de Coudie, near "Remarkable Rock" and the Camarina Rocks, known as "The Brothers" to the islanders. Mr. Tepper decided not to go, because he wished to collect—notwithstanding that the day was Sunday—therefore we started with a lighter load, which, as it turned out, was rather fortunate. For the first 5 miles the country is rather poor, directly after leaving the valley of Stunsail Boom River, consisting chiefly of a sandy clay (pipeclay), covered with sedges, and gene- rally scrubby bushes and heath, with small timber on the low rises. At 7 miles' distance from Karratta we came to the South-West River—the point referred to on Captain Sutherland's map as the terminus of his journey across the island and the site of the sealers' huts. Between here and Karratta we passed several lagoons, one called "The White Lagoon." There seems to be an immense number of lagoons of this name—indeed they are as common a name on the island as that of Smith or Onetree Hill or Stone Chim- ney is upon the mainland. To the left of the track, upon approaching the South- west River, is a swamp and a high sand hill, with limestone beneath and some ironstone. There are several treacherous holes in this hill, and into one of them a man and horse fell not very long since. The man got out again, but the bones of his horse remain to puzzle the naturalists of remote ages to come. The swamp 2 miles to the eastward of the river is filled with true bullrushes, which are ex- tremely rare upon Kangaroo Island, and only known in one other swamp as yet, and at about 2 miles across from the track is a fine belt of sugargums—all dead, and the bark off, the ghosts of a former forest. The wood, I was told, is as solid and as sound as can be. There is a good area of splendid garden ground in this neighbour- hood, and from here onward and to the right of our track there is a very great improvement. The scrub is very dense, and rises to 20 or 25 feet, with a thick undergrowth. There is a considerable quantity of wattle (Acacia pycnantha), and a great many dwarf acacias of several varieties. At the river itself there is, as usual, a lot of timber. From the South-West River to the Remarkable Rock is about 8 miles, and in going to the Rock we cross the belt of good land, which continues away to the right of our track diagonally away from us. We then came to a low scrub upon a sandy and then a limestone soil. To the right of us, at a distance of apparently 4 miles, is a high range of thickly scrubbed hills, chiefly formed of sand. Between the range and where we are is a deep de- pression, from which there is no outlet— that is, the depression is like an immense basin, and at a mile or two from the Re- markable Rock we cross a valley which leads into the amphitheatre. The surface is a hard limestone rock, but here is a strong outcrop of granite in three immense round - topped rocks. At about two miles eastward from the rock the country changes for the worse. Limestone becomes more and more abundant, and the constant jolts send electric shocks through each vertebral column. Now and again the party in the buggy take a sudden flight heavenwards; but the sordid earth stil exercises her claims to their bodies, and they come down with a jerk, which is generally accompanied with a grunt or a groan. To those who are used to rough roads, as we all were, these ups and downs are accepted as part of the programme; but I heard of some calico men who went over the same road a year or so since, who apparently suffered tortures, and whose cries and groans would have been discreditable to a girls' boarding-school. At about half a mile from the Remark- able Rock we had to get out of our buggy and walk. The scrub was almost im- passable, notwithstanding that a track had been cleared through it once. We came to a huge round-topped boulder of granite, like a great haystack. A very short distance beyond this we came on to sand, then limestone slabs, and then the Remarkable Rock itself stood boldly before us. The Remarkable Rock consists of three immense rocks of granite, standing high above the cliffs of granite which form the base. To seaward the cliffs descend at an angle of about 90 degrees for distance of perhaps 300 feet, and it would be a difficult feat for a goat to scale them. To landward, on the north and west sides, there is the bare granite hill upon which the rock is sup- ported, and one has to be very careful in ascending lest he should slip and come on his face upon the smooth rounded mound. To the eastward the slope is still steeper, and there is a fissure about 6 feet wide and about the same depth, by following which seaward down the cliff a nice pool of water is found. In every direction landward the granite runs under limestone (travertine), but at 100 yards to the east- ward there is another large granite rock, perhaps 30 feet high. The landward rock of the three forming the Remarkable Rock is chambered on the northern side, quite a large chamber existing at an elevation of about 15 feet above the bed rock, and a kind of natural stairway leads up to it from the wall. The easternmost rock has a large chamber at the eastern end, with a curtain of rock hang- ing down to within 10 feet of the bed rock. Immediately beneath a wall rises about 3 feet high, and inside the room thus formed there are two benches or banks of rock slightly hollowed, which, when covered with brush, serve as bed- steads for any one who may make this place a residence. One of these benches is next to the dwarf wall, and the other is at the back of the room, and above this is another bench which is called the cup- board, where stores and skins are placed. The wallaby hunters and sealers have often made this their home. And once a woman with two children occupied the cave by themselves for several months whilst the husband was shearing on the mainland. I believe the man and two children are now dead, and the widow lives by herself miles and miles from all human aid or sympathy, gaining a living by trapping wallaby. Looking at the rock from the northward, the eastern rock looks a good deal like an elephant upon its knees, the curtain representing the trunk. The staircase rock, with the upper chamber, stands at the hip of the elephant, and might be likened to a tiger rampant, but facing away from the other animal, and rising head above the couchant elephant. From the westward the rocks look like three shep- herds' hats standing close together upon a high bare promontory. The rock is truly "remarkable," not only for its strange appearance, but also in being granite so much elevated above the old travertine. The travertine is quite bare over large spaces, and in some parts is only a thin scale of 2 or 3 inches upon the granite, whilst further inland it is up to 60 or 80 feet above the granite. Beneath the slabs of limestone were great numbers of lizards, chiefly geckos, of which I found no less than five under one piece. As the Museum is well supplied with specimens of our geckos, I let the pretty creatures alone. From Remarkable Rock to Cape de Coudie is only 3 miles, but it is the roughest 3 miles I ever travelled over in a buggy. The surface is all limestone, and the hardest of limestone at that. We saved a long round by taking a short cut across, the country of course being scrub, but shorter near the coast than farther inland. We made the old cut track at two miles, and in about a mile more came to a small open place, sur- rounded by dense teatree, with a wide well-defined gap towards the coast. The place bore most evident signs of human settlement, for there were ancient tins, pieces of rough clothing, old camp fires, a wurley or mi-mi, and other relics of civilization. Skulls of wallaby and opos- sum were abundant, as well as bones of several animals. Upon enquiry of our host I learnt that this was the sealers' and wallaby trappers' camp—a nice shel- tered place. It was sundown when we reached here, so we pitched our camp, swung the billy, and deferred our visit to the wonders of the neighbourhood until the morrow. Mr. Harpur had allowed one of the station hands—an aboriginal from Narracoorte district, who speaks best English, and knows no other tongue —to accompany us on horseback, and I think it would not have been possible to keep the track for half a mile out of the 11 had it not been for his quickness of vision. Ted is a very fair musician, play- ing the concertina by ear with remarkable precision. Generally I detest "constant screamers," but it was pleasant to listen to Ted. During the last 3 miles his quick eye caught sight of a porcupine ant-eater, which he caught, but it got away from us at Queenscliffe afterwards. He tethered it for the night at our camp, and I watched its method of burrowing. The animal has very strong feet, armed with long claws, which it doubtless uses when digging upon hard ground. But upon the sandy soil it merely fluttered its quills and sunk as a flounder will sink upon wet sand. The quills appear to be set in circles or crowns, and when the animal "shivers" its skin the quills work in a circular direction, so that in reality the echidna bores its way into the earth. In less than a minute it was completely covered—even the quills were out of sight—and no one would have thought that an animal had ever stood upon the spot. At the camp Ted set some snares, but in eleven snares he took only one wallaby and two opossums during the night. Next morning we were up betimes, packed up our tent and swags, and after giving the horses their feed, started before breakfast to look at the Sealers' Bridge and the Cassowary Rocks, called "The Brothers" by the sealers and islanders. From the camp to the edge of the cliffs is about half a mile, on an incline, over a solid surface of limestone, except that it is full of deep fissures and holes, some of which lead into caves probably, and others are sometimes filled with rain water. One such waterhole is almost permanent, and Ted got water for the horses out of it. Its position is marked by a short stick with some stones about it, and it is about midway between the opening in the scrub and the Sealers' Bridge. In the fissures of the rock are growing numbers of shrubs usually found near the seacoast, but they are all prostrate, and with their heads turned away from the sea. This is a strong evidence that the winds are strong in this quarter, and prevailingly from the south and west. Off the end of the cape are two small islands, limestone, with a little vegetation upon them. The first is about a quarter of a mile from the cape, and the other about a mile off, with deep water all around. They are noted as being the resort of fur seals, and it was upon the nearest of the islands that the two men were imprisoned about twelve months ago through their two mates going away with the boat and getting drowned. The story of their rescue, as told me by my host, was a thrilling one, and I felt almost as much excited as though the rescue were then being carried out. I am told that the islands stand about 60 feet out of the sea; but standing as it were quite over them upon the high cliffs they look quite flat, and not nearly so high. The weather was dead calm when we were there, and it was almost impossible to realize that there could be much diffi- culty in landing on the islands at any time. After looking at "The Brothers" for some time and listening to the story of the rescue my host led the way towards the point of the cape, and when we had got probably within 100 yards of it, turned to the left and began descending a narrow and difficult path- way down the aide of the cliff. After descending about 100 feet we came to a vast arch beneath the hill over which we had previously walked unconscious of the chasm beneath our feet. The arch is 60 to 70 feet high at the crown and quite 200 feet wide at the base, and probably 200 to 300 feet broad. From the roof descend innumerable stalactites, and the floor consists of a hard black schistose rock, with a dip to the southward and running east and west. To the westward a reef extends some distance with a narrow channel of water up to the floor beneath the bridge. In this channel are growing algae of all sorts and colours, a veritable sea garden, amongst the plants of which are fish of varied hues, and chitons, limpets, earshells, and many others, which I should have liked to get for my scientific friends, but could not on account of the slipperiness of the rocks and a "game" knee. Ted, however, got down and cap- tured a rare crab and two or three other curios, but got caught by a surge, and desisted at my desire. He also caught a couple of penguins amongst the stones at the base of the "bridge." By clamber- ing over the rocks we turned a corner on the westward, and revealed another curious cave. In this cave there had once been a soft vein in the adamantine black rock, and the constant surging of the water from the west has washed all the soft rock away, leaving a causeway into the cliff of about 10 feet wide, 80 feet long, and 25 feet deep. At the seaward side a large black rock stands as a block in the causeway, so that we stand here and look straight down into a still dead pool of water—as the tide is out—about 6 or 8 feet deep. The chasm slopes downward, until the roof touches the water, and we are left to guess how far it extends, or whether it goes right under the hill and into the sea on the other side. Upon the eastern side of the cape there are channels between reefs running out for a short distance from the land, and at the end of one of these channels is what is called the Sealer's Cave, where they sometimes run in a boat, pull it up, and then clamber up the interior of the cave and out at a hole on the flat land above. We had no time to go round to this place, nor was the prospect of a dangerous climb sufficiently enticing, therefore we returned to camp and had a late breakfast. It is impossible to do justice to the beauty of this natural bridge, its caves, its cliffs, and its other features, and pro- bably there are very few men who within the next 100 years will have the opportunity of seeing what has been my privilege to see. It is a very difficult place to reach—quite 80 milea from the nearest place where horses could be hired, and even then there is no feed upon the way, whilst road there is none for 30 miles. There is just a possibility that a lighthouse may be erected either here or at Cape Bedout some day, since there have been several deplorable wrecks about this part of the island, and since the Border light is completely shut out here. If such a lighthouse should be erected it will be absolutely necessary to cut and make a road from Vivonne Bay, where there is excellent shelter, and where some day there will probably be a township. In that case the Sealer's Bridge, the Sealer's Cave and the Remarkable Rock will secure a large number of tourist visitors. After a hearty breakfast we made a start, and managed to get over half a mile of sandy ground, when just as we got on top of a sandhill, upon level ground, the three centre bolts of one spring broke all at once; the spring separated into seven parts, the kingbolt on the fore- carriage broke, and the buggy looked like a coachsmith's yard. I thought we had a two-days' walk before us, but Mr. Harper took out the toolbox, and with the aid of Ted and a lot of patience got the spring together again, fitted in a kingbolt, repaired the other damages, and in a couple of hours we were again upon our journey towards Karrata. At sundown we reached South-West River, where Ted showed his agility in walking a log and tumbling backwards into the water. We gave the horses a drink here, and then started again, making Karratta at half past 9 p.m., thoroughly tired but delighted with our visit to Cape de Condie and its adjacent wonders. After another day at Karratta we started back for Queenscliffe, going a little further to the eastward of the track we took in going up. The deviation was made at the White Lagoon Station, but there was no difference to note in the character of the country. The soil east- ward of White Lagoon Station is decidedly inferior to that to the westward, and there is an improvement always as the west- ward is crossed. Along the beds of the watercourses, on the flats at their sources, and generally when we get off the ridge, or backbone, the soil im- proves. The centre of the island is high —very high—and there are plateaus or flats along the ridges, which seem to have a pipeclay or calcareous subsoil, inter- mixed largely with ironstone nodules. The water cannot get away, and the flats produce sedges in place of grasses. Where there is drainage the soil appears to be of a much better character, though grass grows nowhere upon the island except upon sandy patches near the seacoast, and upon the cleared land near the water courses. I believe that if the land were thoroughly cleared on some of the better soils that good grass, good cereal crops, and good crops of vegetables and fruit could be raised — indeed this has been proved in several cases by the gardens and cultivation paddocks that have been established. We reached Queenscliffe at about midday on Friday, and managed to enjoy ourselves very well with collecting and fishing until Monday, when we started per James Comrie at 11 a.m., and arrived at Port Adelaide at 10.15 p.m. Mr. Harper came up to Ade- laide with us upon business, and at Ade- laide ended one of the most pleasant holidays, through his kindness, I ever enjoyed. 