MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. All Riguw Reserved. A NOVEL B1 ADELINE SEKUEAJNX, Auilior of ",Ta coin's Wll'E." &c.; pit a ptf.r yy le efir.tom'o wipe. Ilor start of terror could uot pass unobserved. Sbe neither screaiaod nor spoke, but remained as if fixed to tbe spol, with tier eyes turned fear fully towards the shadow, in which a dark figure seemed lo move. Kim u-jis not mistaken. The fiirure catne for- ward with a slouching, sidelong movement, as if this unnxpectuul" visitaut were trying to keep within the shadow of the house. Then camo a' smothered laugh, then a man's arm roughly thrown round her, aud a voice that she knew well. " Here 1 am, Polly, you sec. Give me a kiss for the sake of olii times nud don't bear malice." lie kissed her on both cheeks and then laughed again. " Gome, Polly, don't faint. I'm no ghost, nnd I should be ghul'of a bit of a welcome. 1 suppose vou tboUL'bt I bat I was dead ? " " I i oped von were i " she gasped, as she withdrew her on from his sustaining arm and leaned against the wall for support. riho turned cold aud sick aud her limbs seemed to be giving way beneath her. " You've tiie old trick of saying a nasty thing whenever yon havo the cbauco," said Lo Breton viudietivelv. ' I never cured you of mat, although I d'id my best. What else have you to say V ' J'uuliue mastered herself by a strong effort and raised a warning hand. ' If yon speak so loudly yon will alarm the servants. Why are you here at this time of night ? " Tint's a long story ; I wanted to see you on the quiet, for one tiling. Let me in." "No — nut into Cicely's house." "Aud why ' not into Cicely's house ?' " he asked, mimicking lior tone. " 1 will come in, I tetl you ; it is loo stormy a night to stay here while "we talk. Oat of the way ; let me open the door." Paaliue turned upon him sharply. " You will not enter this house without Cicely's permission, Robert Le Breton. You are iu tuv power at present ; I am not in yours, as vou see.n to tbiuk. If ybu force your way iu I shall treat you as a housebreaker and call the men." "What's ud now?" growled Le Breton, evi dently awakening to the reality of her oppo sition, and quailing beueath it. "Take care what you say : I'm uot going to stand nny rfbn- se.nse." What would yon' do if the men came? Tlier would all know' me to ho your husband." " "I should tell them that you were a thief, ana m;u iiio.v uau ucucr jsvuu iur jjuiit-c, said Pauline quietly. 'And when the police came——" "Then/' she coutiuucd, nniuindful of his sneer, "I should give yuu iu charge for rob bery and atiexnpteu nturder iu iouth Africa, oa tUe'accusation ot Martiu Devorii." Tbeie was n sileme. Le Breton's hand fell from her arm. .She knew by instinct that he was frightened although she could not sec hi face. Rut after a moment's pause he uroke out with a savage oath. Where did you hear that story ?" he pro ceeded. 44 1 heard it from Mai till Devcril." 44 You ? Martiu Dcveril ! it all I" said the mau violently, "Is Martin Deveril aiive ?" 44 Alive and well." "Iu England?" " Yes." "Where?" Her answer caire low and swift. "I will not tell you whore, unless you agree to my con ditions." Again there was a pause. Again Pauline felt rather limn saw that Lu Breton was startled by her knowledge' and by her deci sion. 44 Hang it all, .Pauline," he said at last, in a tone of angry expostulation, u do you suppose I am going to be bound by yoii and your con dition because you have "heard some cock-and- bull story of my dealings with old Deveril ? Of course he says now that I cheated him; he would never think of telling you the price that I paid for his trumpery garnets." 440h yes, he did," she answered calmly. " You gave liiin a tdovv with a heavy stick which fractured his skull and nearly killed biin. That was the price you paid." 44 It's a lie, I say. i saved his life from a gang of robbers, 1 dou't suppose he told you that." " Yes. ho did. If yon are innocent of any assault upon his life you will not object to be confronted with him ? You would bo able to clear yourself iu nis eyes— aud miue." 44 Devil take it ! Where is this uiau tbat you are so hand and glove with " u Not far away." " Where, I nay ? " i: I will tell yon when I ohoore nnd not be fore. Wait for 111c hero a few moments ; I go inside aud get the key of a place where we can talk more conveniently than we are doing now. I shall not be long." lio caught her thin wrist between his horny fingers. 44 .Stay ! " he said fiercely. " Do you think I shall let you go like that V Tou wou't give me the slip until you have told me all you know, my Hue lady. We'll foou see which is the stronger, you or I." Ho squeezed her wrist with such brutal roughness that, she- fancied the bones would sunp between his heavy fingers, but she did not wince. Bho answered without a tremor iu her voice and tin inflection of un pitying scorn, 44 1 am the stronger," sbe said, 'cecaiine your safety lies entirely in inv hands. You kuow me of old ; you know you could never make tue utter i\ word that I did not choose to say. Sup pose yon hurt me; suppose you killed me; what thou? You woukt go out iuto the world unwarned, and you would full a victim lo the fury of the men who havo sworn vougeanco upon you. I aiu the only person who can help you, aud without me your life is now uot worth 24 hours' purchase." His grasp upon her wrist relaxed. Sbe had impressed him, vet he haruly uared to trust her. "How am I to know that you will help rno, pron if vou con V" lie asked. 44 Oh, "you are my husband ?" she answered, coolly and although you have forgotten the duties of a husband you will soon see that I have not forgotten the duties of a wife." He swore a great oath. " If you had not forgotten them before, I never should have left you, Folly, I was always foud of you——" 44 Oh, dou't let me hear any of that sickening foily again," said Fauline, contemptuously. u I would rather you said you hated me. Let me go iu. I will couic out to yon again iu five minutes. Yon know that I shall keep my word ; I don't tell lies." He let her pass and shrank back into the dark shadow, muttering vcugefuily to himself. Pauline entered tho house, locked and bolted the door behiud her and thou rnu upstairs. She went straight to Cicely's room. Cicely was asleep. When Pauline touched her she started up, iter face flushed, her eyes yet dim with slumber, her pretty brown hair iyiug tosseii aud tumbled upon her pillow like a child's. The sight of Pauline, standing pale and rigid ut hnr bedside, roused her effec tually.' " \Vhat is it ?" she said. u Robbers ?" " Lie down," said Mrs. Le Breton. " You need not get up. Robert Le Breton is hre." . 44 Robert Le Breton ! Trying to gA in ?" said the girl, leaping out of bed aud seizing her dressing-gown iu spite of Pauline's attempt to quiet her. " I will send him away. I will tell Richards aud Smith to see him off the pre mises," (to he coxrmrsD.) 