THE HEIR OF THE AGES. By JAMES PAYN, Author of "Boat Sir Masaingberd," "Fallen Fortunes," "The Best of Husbands," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIX.—An Editor. Everybody; not in .the first flight of fashion and ignorance must remember the sensation caused by the first appearance of the Millennium Review; nay, even fashionable people deigned to notice the existence of that phenomenon, when, after rising like a rocket through the literary empyrean to an unparalleled altitude, it remained there- emitting showers of wit and fancy. It was published, of course, to supply an obvious void in literature; the wonder was that it found one and succeeded in filling it. Some'one said-that it was suggested by the well known lament of the divine who enlarged the Bpbere of ecclesiastical harmonies that "the devil should have all the best tunes." At all events, its declared object was to enlist under the banner of .orthodoxy certain talents, such as wit and humor, which had hitherto been re tained by the other side. Only, from the nature of things, it was necessary that the- orthodoxy should be exceeding broad. Erom the high and dry, therefore, this publication could look but for little sympathy, and still less from the evangelical party. But between high water mark and low-water mark opinions are plentiful as sand and. various as shells, and it was to this section of the reading public that the Millennium appealed. The editor of this new venture, one Felix Argand, was a man of character. His opinions within certain not very clearly-defined limits were audacious, and he had the courage of his opinions. Contrary to the advice of his friends he had invested all the money he had in the world in this literary speculation. In vain had they judiciously pointed out that the brain-worker and wire-puller were dramatis •persona which should never be undertaken by the same individual, since, if once the grit of worry gets into the delicate wheels of intellect there ensues disaster, Argand answered, "I know it, but I must be entirely untrammelled in this affair, or I shall sink like a stone." They watched his proceedings with a smile of compassion, and—it seemed, with that Mil lennium round his neck, like a miracle—they beheld him float. Success assured, at all events for the present, he became the prey of quite another set of advisers. For himself they cared nothing, but they were earnestly desirous to make use of his.enterprise for' the advocacy of their theories. " In some respects the prin ciples of the Millennium were so admirable," they said, "what a pity it is you suffer it to fall short of perfection." t The high church party entreated him to become a bulwark. A great and venerable authority offered- to con tribute an article upon the "Translations of Bishops," "Dearand reverend sir,"he replied, "you mistake the nature of the. question that the public is putting to itself. It is not whether there shall be any more translations, but any more originals." The venerated (and titled) head of the evan gelical party besought him in moving terms to remember that philanthropic endeavor without dogmatic faith was only one of the million roads to the everlasting bonfire. "My lord," he replied, "I admire your philanthropic exertions beyond everything; but it seems to me that you have made a reli gion for yourself out of the worst parts of Chris tianity." Felix Argand was one of the gentlest-natured men that ever took pen in hand; but he re sented dictation, and had a habit of expressing himself epigrammatically. His personal ap pearance was striking. Tall and thin, with flowing hair, and eloquent brown eyes, he had the appearance of a religious enthusiast; but though ingenuous and frank to a fault, and cordial (where he liked people) in a remarkable degree, he was well acquainted with human nature; not easily dtceived, and never de ceived twice by the same arts ; with a tongue smooth and gentle, but sharp on occasions like a razor, he held his own against all comers. Though his aim was nothing less than the re generation of society, he entertained no false hopes of its accomplishment. To leave- the world better than he found it was his highest expectation. His heart was tender towards all who weie worthy of compassion, but cold as steel towards the base. The coquetting of the humanitai ians with the cruel aroused his bit terest contempt, and servility and sycophancy his keenest ridicule. With Whig or Tory he had no sympathy; the utter independence , of party politics exhibited by the Millennium was one of its specialties ; and though a spiritual tone pervaded- it, it was wholly un sectarian. Though Felix Argand'had taken the highest honors at Oxford, be had derived no- material advantage from tbem, since his peculiar prin ciples-had forbidden himfo accept the terms on which alone a. fellowship could; at that- time, be obtained. His reputation, however,, had: preceded him to town, where by thatr circle which still concerns itself with university matters, while it does its work in the larger literary world, he was warmly welcomed, With*such exceptional advantages, his talents soon obtained recognition, if within a somewhat limited sphere; and his,pen gained him an in come which, supplemented by some small pri vate means of his own, was amply sufficient for his needs, This source of support, however, in a short time became precarious—not from any falling off in the value of his contributions, but from the views expressed in them. Editors complained that he was angular—a fatal bar to eminence in journalism; and the application of the smocthing iron was borne with im patience. His mind, though not perhaps very logical, was essentially original. Some said he was not "quiet in har ness;" but others went further, and averred that he was not adapted either for riding or driving, but like the wild horse of theUkraine3, fit only to rove at will, or at best to take part in those Roman races which are run without saddle or bridle, with the spur of his own im agination pricking his sides. Of course he was pronounced unpractical; and indeed he was so in the sense that he could find no groove to fit him; but with less reason it was deplored that he was utterly ignorant of the world. Felix Argand indeed concerned himself not so much with the doings of the world as with its thinkings; but the latter he made bis particular study, aud became surprisingly familiar with it. He possessed an unusual share of hnman sympathy, and a manner that invited confidence. With the opinions of philosophers and sages man kind is well acquainted, for they can be read in books, but with the views of our own friends and neighbors regarding matters that are out of the sphere of their everyday existence we rarely think it worth while to enquire. Teachers and preachers imagine that in providing them with doctrine theyThave in spired conviction and supplied them with faith, Felix Argandhad the intelligence to perceive that this was not the ease, He learnt that among a large minority of ordinary thinkers the great principles of belief survive in the ashes of dogma; the Millennium, was addressed to readers as far removed from orthodoxy as from agnosticism, and found its public. The success accomplished was great and immediate; but its peculiarity lay in its per sonal character. The originator of this enter prise, who had been hitherto only a moderately well- known figure in London life, became a personage and a power. He was still young, which increased the marvel; and even younger in heart than in years. He sympathised with the youthful doubter, with the budding poet, with the thinker who had just hurst the shell; he read every contribution, are some part of it, with his own eye; it is not surprising, there fore, that as his good nature got to be under stood his correspondence became considerable ; and yet it was said that he.never left a letter unanswered. Of course he was immensely laughed at. Editors of a more practical kind did not hesitate to aver that he had a bee in his bonnet, though they acknowledged that it was a working bee. Such unparalleled amenity could only be ex plained by a hankering after popularity, and what made his conduct still more reprehensible was that he gained his end. Such dereliction from professional practice, it was, however, a comfort to think, must bring its own punish ment. Like the lady who betrayed .the city and was smothered with bracelets, he must pre sently be consumed by the gratitude of his correspondents, and it did in fact consume some hours daily of his precious time. Of Felix Argand even Elizabeth Dart, in the land of the Philistines, had dimly heard; but only once had she held in her hand a copy of the Millennium; it was not a sort of periodical to befound in a lady's school, or lying on the drawing-room table of a house like Burrow Hall; and it co3t 5s, This was in her case a prohibitive price. Still, she had Been it, had turned over the leaves of an old number exposed on a book-stalJ, and wished that she had a shilling to spare with which to purchase it. But the Court of Chancery within her, in the shape of conscience, had sternly decided that the Millennium was not a necessary, but a luxury. She understood the nature of the publication in a vague and imperfect way, much as she had.learnt that of its editor, and she entertained a sincere admiration for them both. I Ouee or twice, indeed, of late years, when stirred by a yearning which has been hinted at, she had taken her courage in her hands and sat down to address this unknown friend, to whose attention the love of literature was said to be a password, but the letter had never bsen sent. The very fact that his door was so fre quently on its hinge to all applicants had de terred her. It was not vanity and egotism after all which, nnder pretence of modesty, impelled her to join the throng. But now, when the matter was no longer a personal one, and this friendly hand might be of some service to another, she had no such scruple in r ntreating its guidance. She resolved to apply to Felix Argand on behalf of Matthew Mey rick. Her pen, though as well practised in private as a two-year-old racer, was not so tast; it could hardly be called that of a ready writer; though far from fastidious, sbe wa9 never con tent with a good word when a better seemed wanting; and the shrank, above all things, from inflicting her tedionsness upon any cor respondent. In this case it was essential to be brief, and yet there was so much to say. As to her own judgment of Matthew's talent, she put it aside as though it were worthless; she enclosed two of his poems, the one he had given her, and "The Children" (of which she obtained a copy from Mary without, how ever, revealing the use to which she intended to put it), and let them speak for thmselves. But she described in a few touch ing lines the circumstances of the po8t, his youth, his poverty, his incurable disease, and the happiness which encouragement from such a source .would confer upon him; above all things, she pleaded for the truth; if he thought there was a real promise in the young man's productions .she entreated him to say so. There were no compliments (though she might conscientiously have used compliments), save that implied in her confidence of getting a reply. Being, for a woman, exceptionally reasonable,^sne did not expect an answer for some days. She received one, however, at the end of forty-eight hours, in a hand perfectly legible, but which gave the impression of its having run away with the writer. " Dear Madam," it ran— " The specimens you have sent me of your young friend's muse are fall of promise, and even give some performance. I return the MSS. by another post, lest the sight of them, as implying rejection, should unnecessarily disappoint you. The fact is, though there is no bar to the admission of verse into its columns, the Millennium has as yet printed none, and 1 The Children' is hardly of sufficient merit to lead the van. On the other hand, I thought so highly both of it and its companion poem that I offered them to my friend the editor of the Parthenon, and he has accepted both. One, ' On an Old Harpsichord," will appear in the next number of his magazine, and here it is in type. I know from experience that there is nothing like seeing himself in print for encouraging a young author, and I hope this will have the happy effect on your prot6g6 which you seem to expect. On the other hand I need scarcely tell you that his hopes must not be raised too high. His circumstances and opportunites we must remember, though disadvantageous enough from a practical point of view, have in reality been propitious to the development of this_ particular talent of verse making. His music is but the echo of the strains of others, and this present poem would never have been written had not Locker sung before him. Nevertheless, whosoever fails to recognise its merits is incapable of judging such matters. You must allow me to add that whatever sympathy I feel for this young man is far exceeded-by. the interest, which has been excited in me by the letter of his introducer. I say nothing of the tenderness and good feeling which prompted it—for editors, you know, have nothing to do with sentiment. I am referring solely to the perfection of its com position, which does you, madam, something beyond credit. " The modest silence you maintain upon your own affairs makes it somewhat difficult for me to address you upon the subject, but I wish to say that if you have yourself any desire to join the army of Captain Pen, the Millennium would be willing at least to favorably consider the application of such a recruit. At all events, I forward the six last numbers of the review for your guidance in such a case. " I am, madam, yours sincerely, A "Felix Argand" As Elizabeth Dart read this letter her limbi trembled, her face grew pale, and her whole being experienced a shock of delight. It wa3 as it a door had suddenly opened to her into a heaven of which she had often dreamt, but which she had had no expectation of entering. It seemed to her that this man had read her very soul. The next moment she blushed with shame at her own involuntary but unaccustomed egotism. What ought to have given her moat pleasure was surely not the encouragement addretsed toherfelf, but to Matthew. What defigbt—nay, v 1.at benefit, would suchgracious praise affurd Lim! How enchanted would he be to see his poem in the ParthenonIt wa3 evident, however, that Mr. Argand had not intended him to write for that, but in his great kindness bad caused a proof to be struck for him. How much better the little poem read in print than it had done in the manuscript! ON AN OU> HARPSICHORD. Its varnish cracked, its paintings:scarred, Iu dainty gilding sadly marred,. And turned to dingy umberi It stands forlorn, a waifor stray Of glories long since passed away— An ancient piece of lumber. What more ? And yet how rich it is. This barpsichord-in memories And quaint associations. Recalling that far time, waen still High birth and title had. their, will, And kings.were-more than, nations, - When gallants wore the true grand air— And wigs-by halt a morning's,care. Made wondrous smooth and sheeny,— And, while the perfumed pinch they took. Lisped languid rhapsodies on Giuek Or maybe on Piocini. I touch the keys—the startled chord Can scarce a weak response afford, That wakes a low vibration Among the slackened palsied strings, A feeble spell, and yet it brings A magic transformation. An antique aspect veils the place— A weird oppressive, ghostly grace That almost makes one tremble ; A mystic light pervades the air. Faint footfalls gather on the stair, The belles and beaux assemble. The belles and beaux V Alas, the ghosts, Thin shadows of once reigning toasts, And heroes of the duel. They smile, they chatter, they parade, They rustle in superb brocade, They shine with many a jewel. They flirt their fans with pretty airs, They tap their precious tabatieres. They smooth their ruffles grandly; Whilehere and therean exquisite Lets fall his studied stroke of wit, And waits for plaudits blandly. The harpsichord is quavering soon A minuet's slow triplet tune— A courtly powdered couple. All formal graces, bend and slide. With curtsies marvellously wide, And bows politely supple. The tune is changed—with graceful ease Fair spirit fingers sweep the keys, A spirit voice is trilling ; The passionate Chefaro strain Comes like a half-heard cry of pain From some far distant thrilling. The lights go out; the voices die ; Among the strings strange tremors fly, That slowly sink to slumber— The harpsichord remains alone, A monument of glories done— An ancient piece of lumber. It was an echo, no doubt; but it wa3 also full of echoes of that picturesque past which it was intended to portray. And then the writer was but a boy. For the moment she pictured to herself the intense pleasure she would have in showing him his first-born in its robe of print; but only for a moment. There was one who would have a still greater pleasure iu so doing, and to her she would delegate that grateful task—Mary Melburn should be the messenger of this good tidings. 