Kolm mud IMob. Bv " VlQItAEt." 8ES8ATXOHAL BETS. „.£,«« commmtinr u ygmH 3fyi "Ately in thu column on the bad all- Xtr % -Last week mticlo on rf j. ®eftted' a good deal a- 1 We Hoatof li1 ',Mr"1g 91 -the qudKtion. <»n»y»nd«oo coeabom SZt A. sfW®" to i«nr» Sie bet »> X 0>,e "5T ofVnter. here hi Jfa y , themselves to dnlbteas of the wagering «nX? oat1slders «ce ooncemed On? EloXi 0M biffin n btck ml (f AT stood at the jKS IP, oroaiwiied iru aid iid>io' ttotheF 2?' Jr" and jj? yemaaber since I have been out tore, when Messrs. Miller, Jonet. and O'Brien laid a, prominent Sydney printer fifty thousand pounds to two hundred and fifty against the double— Navigator for Ae Derby end GudarsfortheCap. Nuvigator won, und Ondarz tan (bird for the big race (by-the-Wi.y,the smoBntofhedipng money in the market as at result of Navigator's win and the big wager I have referred to doubtless accounts for die then sands to thirty offered against Gndars on the day at the nee). But, unfortunately, two swallows — even audi big 'uni b these — do not make t summer, and the length of Australian odds still suffers by compari son with the English prices, end is likely to do so for the reasons X mentioned last week. ' While on the subject, of sensational bets, the. following form the pen ' of "Pendragon,".' of the j8fer«,willbe found interesting " Much about twenty years ago an extraordinary wager was made in the ring at Northampton on a stakes day. I am not' quite certain as to the date, but am inclined to fix it either by stoat John Davis' victory over that most persistent flat-catcher Mail Train, or the Danebury certainty lecturer's upset by the. outsider, Miss Havelock. To the best of my recollection, the bet was made on the 1866 or 1867 anniversary of the Northamptonshire Stakes, but as the exact date is of little consequence I will not trouble about it. The bet, the bet's the thing, and a very pretty sample it was as it stood. One thousand pounds to a sovereign was laid that each of three then front-rank bookmakers would not commit suicide or die in a lunatic asylum within ten years. For beer brutal cold-bloodedness .this little speculation may be given record, and, thinking about the transaction aa I often do, I sometimes wonder whether the enterprising backer endeavoured to for ward his interests by making its terms known to the elected meSllicians. If the bet of itself was out of the common — I trust it is altogether unique — the narrow escape the layer had of being called upon to pay makes it far and away the most startling in my experience. One of the trio killed himself for the insufficient reason that he could not bear being disturbed in his house by the traffic on the Underground Bailway, then recently constructed, and preferred felo deee to accepting the company's liberal terms for shifting his quarters. Number TwoBank from amuenceto a condition of griping poverty, and hwiamrjni inmate of a county lunatic asylum. Only one' sound man — and he tne most excitable of the three— stood between the thousand pounds and the taker of odds, who always maintained that his was hard luck, since the survivor was the least sane of the lot when the bet was ratified." DuatEO Die week Dagobert lias been served up yety swjarm for the Birthday Cup.' and thVpnblic come 'for liim bout .«nd abonF him. I .may whisper that, all going well, Mick O'Brien will ride Knight's horse, who will see a still shorter price yet. -. . It is a pretty big feather in the cap of Australia that, of the sixteen 'Varsity men who rowed in the Oxford and Cam bridge boat race, at least two were Aus tralians bred and born. By-tlie-way, in the Mtferec report of the struggle, which was only won by half a length, a reference is made to -oertaia uncharitable remarks which have been made of the Australian, Fairbaira, in many 'quarters, and the Befenoe goes on to say that no man ever rowed a harder or gamer race for his 'Varsity. Somb little time before the Newmarket Handicap I called attention tothe merits of. the Hamlet stock -in the Western district, and-the successes of the sons and daughters of the Prince of Denmark at the recent Werrnamhool meetings have again brought the sire into prominence. On each day of the three days' racing he was represented by two winning horses, and, strange tosay, ihe first event on esch day was apprqpriated by one of his sons. On the first day, Xiorina, who won tbo Autumn Stakes, and Speculation, who appropriated the Wangoom Handicap, were his representatives, and on the last day of the W iR.C. meeting he was ably championed -by .Jim --Cain, who won the Trial Stakes and the (Handicap Flat Bace. At the W-A-TD. meeting, which was held on the day intervening between the first -and second .days' racing of the "W.R.G., Hamlet had creditable per- iformers in Jack, who won the Amateur Turf Plate, and Denmark, who was successful in the Handicap Plat Bace. lHamlet is still semring mates in -the dis trict. The Ghost, who won ithe Ladies' Bracelet at Caulfield, as by the same sire, as is also Autocrat, who has distinguished ihimsolf np country 'but, judging from ithe flattering reports J have heara, Jim Itpain is likriy to prove better -than either. Anyhow. I know agnntieman Who would Jikc to glve kalf a monkey for him. Thb ontgoing mail takes with her one of -the most disanoointina jacehoruu that eser trod turf. X allude >to Despot, who hosfprobably cost his hackers morernoney thanony two horses bathe .country. WiincS the -erratic grey ran third to' first Demon in the Hawkesbury Handicap in '83, he, has been backed for a, conpto of MeUiourne Gaps, CasdfieidlCnps, Metro politans, Tatterssll's Gap, and -innumer able other races, and in no instance has he sunneadad in getting home first, for the Ust Wagga Cup his supporters onoe more piunautlieir foith ana their dollacs to the g pay deceiver, who was badly i beaten by aoeoond-rater like Nesr Fork. The son of Maribyniong not only used to! Know us wosidarfnlgaUops with Martini - Henry. bnt had a fainion of coming with gaeh aWanderfal nuh at the rod rirf ri rnrr that his tarlrrrn irenn inniKWirexril again snpporthimon hiinextappeir- gate in public, and! verily belieye that iffcfe -remained aaestost vu forjuntlier; fiirn years he woaM rewaya carry heaps of public ooin. He lesres us, as I . have iaia.hr the Carthage, and X tfiionld.jiqt he in Hie ' slightest degree astoniiked u weleaznlaTour orfiremrethshehcethat hS has swept Uie board in Ihdisi. As a |naidra, Dospot will be entitled to on alloiraue pf ton or fomteen ponnds, and ran alte ydsim a landing aUowsnce of shont ithe'- reme jwrighh This ' mesns fating iu reeeipt bf a eotie of stone from fibng, Biiuhrood, Hegnlator, and Co., whjhotadeHnly sosbietiiegreyj 'V .'5 '' to win his spurs. Clarke, however, who takes him over, has not beenparticularly fortunate with nis Australian purehases, his last consignment — Ooningsby— idying on the voyage. These was some pretty big betting np Dubbo way last week, when-the Bathnrst Sentinel nag. Liberie, upset a hot pot in Tramp for the Macquarie Handicap. I . know of six hundred to four hundred laid in one hand on Tramp, who was just beaten by a head in the last few stridee. Judging from the following (unless a trifling mistake of a nought has been made) there are some leviathan boob open on the Bourke Handicap: — " After IIia race for the Dotbi -Tockev 4!inl) Handicap on Wednetfiaylast, oitollf our well-known bookmakers in the room at 'night took £1600 to £160 that Libertd would win the Bonrke Handicap. Not a bad wager, considering how the horse ran the next day in the Macquarie Handicap, doing the mile and three furlongs in 2min. 27see. We will leave to-morrow morning (Saturday) by the mail train for Bourke with Liberty. Should the horse keep well, we think he will perform respec tably. If any of our friends feel in clined to pat a bit on him for the Jockey Clnb Handicap, or the Central Aus tralian, or the double, ws will only be too happy to lay it out for them to the best advantage. We don't belong to the awfully mysterious and clever crowd, neither are we selfish. If our horse wins a race, we like to hear of our friends and foes winning a hit on him." - Hebe are three samples of the liberal douceur banded to winning jockeys at home in connection with the three first big handicaps of the year : — Skelton re ceived fourteen hundred pounds for riding Old Joe, the winner of the Grand National (the trainer, Hopper, getting another thousand); Woodbnrn, who piloted Fulmen in the Lincolnshire Handicap, got five hundred ; and Charlie Wood, who got home on Royal Hampton in the City and Suburban, was also handed a cheque for "a monkey." Archer does not appear to have ridden in either the Lincolnshire or City and Sab- urban, the highest weight carried in the last- named race being 8st. 41b, while the great horseman could not scale leas than 8st. 121b. I always like to see new blood in the .field. (This is a Sydney sort of sporting metaphor, hut aB I am writing hurriedly it must pass.) The Camberwell Clnb, one of the latest accessions to the ranks of registered racing clubs, has attracted an entry list which wonld do credit to either of our. old- established suburban meetings. The entries appear in another column, and I need scarcely, particularise when I state that of the twenty-one entered for the Cup the list includes such names as DnjahjW-) -JIob|rt, Hilltop, Bristol;. ti£3Sfihble8,ited:G-'Lj w hllcAcfi . o t i , A - venw naaTuled : more than respectably. 