AMATEUR PERFORMANCE:" ■ The performance of • " The Critic'' in aid of the Catholic School'* Fund; attracted a- large audienooiu the Freemasons1 Hulllust even ing^ but unfortuuately we have little spacc to enlarge upon it. ! If the ghost of Sheridan came back' to earth'last night,'*tt would.have been delighted with the manner inwhich his comedy farce was placed upon the stage. \- The "Critic!' was first acted at Drury Lane, in 1779. The dialogue is sprightly, the characters are lively and eutertaiuing, aud the satire is full of bitterness and humour. Mr. Puffs recital of the various , arts by which he practises on the good-nature of the public were admirably displayed by the gentleman who sustained the character. Our spacc is too limited iu the present issue to give a full report of the.performance, but it was so good, that a fuller notice will certaiuly appear iu our next issue. Before the pieco commenced', the following prologue was delivered by the author, Mr. \V. A. Daly :—• . .. , As Prologue to our Play, I crave to-night Your heart's indulgence, In your head's despite.-;, r< No finished actors graco our mimic stage,' Yet nil to do their very best engage. '• ' | Trembling we meet our " Critics " inour friends, •' • ( But chni ity with seltiah fear contends, And makes 115 feel quito bold whuii wo appear, . ' Each ono n bashful Wagga volunteer J Let symj»athy uphold her magic glass, . : And all our failings shair unnoticed pass. ' 1 While you look all so kind we well may boast Tho greatest" Critics " still cati pardon moat I If not our acting, then our noble cause • Must win approval and must gain upplauso,; In " Kducutl®n's" name we make appeal, Knowing our audience tired with equal'zeal. Tho fair " Nymph i'allas " claims your friendly aid, And we appear t'assldt tho Heavenly Maid 1. ... In '* Wisdom's" causc tho tragic boards we tread, \ And play that" knowledge " may be.wider spread.' i : What matter H some parts imperfect prove, ■ " lv Whilo Childhood'* claims your willing plaudits move 1 And e'en the Critic's art, the Drama's rules, • Yield to the wants of Wagga's Catholic schools i— For these we plead, for these we make essay ' To act our Sheridan's grand master play ; Sheridan whoso name atauds in the pride of place, A second Slwkespenre oi tho Irish Ilace 1 Sheridan, whoso magic lines the truth unfold, Aud tell tale *'Mirror up to nature hold "r ': Whose genius, liko hU own green nativo land, Shall fresh and sparkling through long ages stand Shining with brighter force ami purer ray .. Through the frail tenement of human clay. Formed true to nature with all faults ami flaws, Still widely wins a wondering world's applause. At the conclusion of the play the following Epilogue, by the same author, was delivered, aud met with much applause : iPoet entering]— Stay, Mr. Prompter J do not ring.your boll, , Nor drop the curtain, e'er we bid farewelll ITo audience] See all Puff's characters come trooping in, And e'en the dead return your smiles to win. - Your hearty laughter had the power tosave ' Sweet Tilbtirina from a watery grave While Whiakerandos, by his beer revived, . . , Though thrice defunct, the bier has thrice survived. To Puff- . . i . . -I. Say learned Puff, when authors how rehearso Their thrilling tragedies in prose andiveree, Should not their characters in graceful ranks Appear, to bid adieu and bow their thanks ? Mr. Puff— True, Mr. Poet, 'twero a gracious task, And llrst the ladies you may safely ask; . For it an eplloguo is overheard,,. . A woman's safe to whisper the Inst word 1 . Poet— " Sliamc, Mr. Puff, on woman thus sevoro ; Your.language, sir, is worthyiMr. Sneer I - Sneer^ - • ; Pardon me, sir, tho fair sex I admire, And to their favour fondly I aspire I No sneer liavo I for gentle womankind,' , Ifl'en to their failings (ble33 them) I am blind 1 Poet- . . , . . . , Well spokon, Sneer,' you'plead a noble canso ; . Their husbands should reward you with applause. ; And,.while you blush,.thcro's many, a simpering .. ..'Miss.. . , ... . ^ '' "Would greet her champion with a modest kiss I • But, Mrs. Danglo, what have you to say' . . .- -.Toithe kind patrous of ourshort-lived play? ' Mr3. Dangle— Well really, sir, no fitting terms I find To tlmuk an audienco so truly kind J .1 fear that Mr Dnnglo may engage, '' Aud leave his spouse and fireside for tho stage. Dangle— No fear, my love, though nightly ptaudlts please, Better thy fireside smite and slippered ease; Though warm their welcome, bright tho footlights burn, • Brighter tho home tliat welcomes our returnj Poet— ••■■■■■■ \ . -,Como, now, Sir Fretful, you will quito agree With Danglc's view of Domesticity 1 SirFretful Zounds, sir J I am the calmest mun ln life, . But man's severest critic is his wife I;; ' Arid, as for womankind, I will engage ' \- They're only acting when they're oil the stage. Poet— ... Hold, baseseduccr.'oE the softer sex. ■ . .Or e'en the soul of silent Burleigh vex— Burleigh, whoso solemn visago wisdom woro: Speak, noble lord, who never spoke before 1 SurUiilk— >'■ Who's ho my brooding brain thus rudely wakes, And hints my thoughttrackcd hcad Is no great shakes? ' * 1'vo sjmken it with eloquence to-night. • And now I nod that woman's always right I Wicce—' • Hall, noblest champion' of our weaker raco . Tho silent, thoughtful man we girls embrace. Confidante— ,, , ,,. ,;i( • , Nor heed tho platform braggart who invites Woman's rovolt in name of woman's rights J TH&urnta;— •. .. . . My gentle Norah i thou hast spoken welt, But hear a love-sick maid her story tell :—■• : "Now has tho whispering breath of gentle mom • " Bado, naturo's voice, and nature's beauties rise. " Now flowers unfold their beauties to the sun, ** And, blushing, kiss the beam ho sendn to wake , the^l— , " Tho striped carnation, and the guardedroso. . " Tlio vulgar wallflower, the smart gillyflower, Tho polyanthus mean—tho dapper daisy, : ?• Swcot-willlam and sweet marjoram—and all . <* The tribe of single and of double pinks! v : w Now, too, the feather'd warblers tune their notes " Around, and charm the listening grovo. The . . ' lark I • • " The linnet I chaffinch I bullfinch 1 goldfinch I greenfinch 1 " But oh! to me no joy can they afford I " Nor rose, nor wallflower, nor smart gillyflower, " Nor polyanthus mean, nor dapper daisy, Nor wllliam sweet, nor murjoram—nor lark, " Linnet, nor all the finches of the grove 1" Puff u Your white handkerchief if you please, madam 1' Tilburnia— "I thought, sir, tliat I wasn't to uso that till heart* rending woo," Poet (interrupting)— ..., Tho forco of patience can no further go I ' "Why, madam, wo have heard ull this before; Surely tho play won't bo repeated o'er I I think tho audience havo had quite cuough Of Tilburnia aud of Mr. Puff. 