EASTER. Amosc. the many ill-used festivals in the Christian calendar, few have suffered more at the hands of chronological Pharisees than that of Easter, and none have aiven rise to more violence and heartburnings among the scattered fragments of the apostolic church. The ; first observance of this holiday, fully seventeen ci-nturiis ago, esunc near to ?.?mating a permanent bruu-h Ijetivii-li the East and the West : and East and West are, still .[Uarrelliiig about it at the present day. Then, as now, the diffi culty was ojiI- of dales and dogmas, rather than of faith : and the institution of Easter wjts an occasion which w:is marked by cursing ami excommunica tion, rather than by peace and gnodwill. among the rampant fathers of the early church. The, difficulty, auiid conflicting traditions, of fixing the actual period of the events which it was proposed to celebrate, was a grievous trouble to the disputants of the third century ; and the erratic arithmetic of Rome came into violent collision with the shaky astronomy of Egypt, on points which neither party could settle, and concerning which both were equally obstinate and equally in the dark. The weakness of the Eastern faction, however, postponed, for a time, the final breach, which was to be con summated in the end by questions relating to the form of the true cross, the use of unleavened bread, and the 'twofold procession of the Holy Ghost.' The religionists of Alexandria and Byzantium defended their chrono logy bravely for a time, but they suc cumbed at last to the cumulative ignorance of successive pontiffs, and buried their put theories regarding Easter in the grave where the whole Syro-Egyptian Church was afterwards interred. It is hardly necessary to allude to the events, which this holiday season is supposed to commemorate. The Cruci fixion and the Resurrection, the two greatest epochs in the life of the Redeemer, are now surrounded by a misty halo of antiquity, which hides a multitude of attendant circumstances, and leaves them to stand almost alone in their historic grandeur. Still, the lights of the picture stand out clearly, while the background is filled in by the gloomy shadow of Judas Iscariot ; and to this tradition adds an even darker figure — that of a solitary maniac, whose tortured existence was dragged out for years among the. snows of the Swiss Alps, till it ended in a suicide's death beneath the crags of Mount Pilatus ; and who could tell in his lucid moments of a time when the world had known him as Pontius Pilate, Governor of Judea, But details and dates are alike wanting, in a great part of the story. The fisher men and tax-gatherers of Galilee cared little for chronology, and the period of many events in the hitter days of the Redeemer's life, as well as that of his birth, had grown hazy and indistinct, before the expiration of the first century of the Christian era. The observance of Easter, however, was regulated by the Jewish Passover, which furnished a tolerably certain guide, and the name was ultimately derived from heathen mythology, thus ragging the occasion a strange medley of Christian faith and Pagan superstition. The pro selytised Jews, moreover, wished to continue the observance on the basis to which they had been accustomed, setting apart the fourteenth day of the month Nisan as a sacred holiday ; while the Gentile converts were equally resolved to adopt a system of their own, somewhat similar to that now in vogue, keeping a certain day of the week, and leaving the other dates to the guidance of chance. By the time this contest arose the generation of Galilean tishermen had lony been ex tinct, and the true spirit of Christianity was already growing weak, though of the letter enough remained to build up a dozen overgrown creeds, cemented together by dogmas and traditions. Even at that early period, however, the tirst duty of the Bishops of Rome was to maintain the unity of the Churcli, and the reigning pontiff was a man whose dates and facts were not to be questioned with impunity. Victor I. resorted to a bull of excom munication as the readiest means of enforcing obedience, and closed the gates of Paradise with a crash, in the face of the Jewish faction. Even when this j difficulty was settled, however, Easter ! was still a moveablc feast in the widest sense of the term, and the calendar for March and April was worn by constant frirtion. as one Pope after another shifted this holiday from date to date. The system by which the festival was fixed each vear was fearful and wonder- 1 ful in its complexity. « !ood Kriday, as tin- day on which the observances com menced, was appoillL-d to be the 1-Yiday before the lir.-t Sunday, afu-r the foui tivnth day of the (irst calendar moon, after tin- twenty-first (lay of March, j Moreover, th- moon on which this j that which shines in the heavens, nor was it til' mean moon as calculated by moon.'' iM-.Mti-d for this purpose alone, 1 and servin- only to make contusion ten times woi-ov confounded. Hy a strange misuse of words, this uou-tiistcut luminary is said to be from two to three days behind the visible satellite, though more properly it might be described as sixteen centuries in the rear. la fact, Good Friday and Easter take their places in the calendar each year, under the direction of a phantasmal orb, which not even the eye of faith has ever been able to discern on the remotest horizon. The rules, too, which we have quoted, complex as they arc, were deduced originally from others still more bewildering, but with these it is neither interesting nor necessary to deal. The obstiuate adherence to the ancient calendar in Eastern Europe has again introduced confusion into the reckonings of the different churches, but in this respect the discrepancy is one which affects, not this occasion only, but all alike. The members of the Greek com munion, however, have made their erroneous chronology an article of then faith ; so that history may be said to be repeating itself ; and in the nineteenth, as in the third century, dates and dogmas are again holding the East and the West apart. Good Fridayand Easter, though closely associated, arc in one respect entirely distinct. The first is an occasion of mourn ing ; and in Spain and other Catholic countries the darkness which hung over Jerusalem, on the day of the Crucifixion, is annually symbolised by the black draperies in the churches, and the sombre vestments of the priests. The ordinary services, too, are set aside, and in place of them are read passages from the Prophecies, the import of which is woe and lamentation. Easter, on the other hand, is a day of rejoicing in honour of the completed Atonement, a season of peace on earth and goodwill to men, when the harden of grief is rolled away like the stone which sealed the rock-hewn sepulchre outside Jerusalem. In Pro testant hinds, however, the occasion has lost much of its sacred character. Its glory has been worn away by the friction of a long procession of years ; and it ranks now, in public estimation, bat little higher than a royal birthday, or the anniversary of an eight hours de monstration. Scotland and Australia stand out conspicuously among these lands where Easter, regarded as a strictly religious festival, may be said to be neglected and forgotten. In the former, Christianity has been superseded by Calvinism ; in the latter, it has been smothered by cricket, and adulterated with aquatics, until the diluted and under-proof creeds of the colonies retain but a feeble hold on the public mind. We trust, however, a time may yet come when this holiday will again be regarded as something better than a mere occa sion for extra pipes and beer ; for the events it is intended to commemorate are the foundation on which every Christian religion is built, and if the Church is to Ik- anything letter than a dead creed surmounted by a steeple, they are worthy to l-e. held iu better re membrance. 