Quin and the Wiltshire Ghost. Quin and Ryan were once on a journey in Wilt- shire, says Mr. Galt, in his " Lives of the Players," when, alighting at an inn where they proposed staying afl night, they were told by the landlord that there was not a room empty in the house except one, which he could not recommend to them for a particular reason. They desired to be shown it, and finding it one of the best apartments in the house, inquired the reason he could not let them lodge there that night. " Why, gentlemen, to tell you the truth it is haunted." " Pshaw !" said Quin, if that's all, bring us a bottle of your best, and get us supper as quick as you can." The Laodlord acquiesced, when the travellers, having made a hearty meal, and drank their bottle each, began to think it was high time to go to bed. "Ay," said Quin, " but we must dispatch this same ghost first, or perhaps we may have a troublesome guest when we re asleeep." Sosayinghe drew his pistols,charged and placed them upon the table before him, when having called for an additional recruit of wine, "Now," said he, "we are prepared." Twelve o'clock struck, but no ghost had yet appeared, though presently a rumbling noise was heard in the chimney. The rattling of a chain soon became very distinct, and a figure, whimsically elad, decended and made two or three motions without offering any violence. Hereupon, Quin took up a pistol that was ready primed, and expostulated to their spiritual visitor. " Look ye, Mr. Ghost, if you do not immediately acknowledge yourself to be of human species, hy God I'll make a ghost of you !" The phantom was too sensible to remonstrate, and, falling upon his knees, roared that he was master of the adjoining house, and had contrived an open- ing in the chimney, through which he made his way in that shape, iu ordei to terrify the host's guests, and prevail upon him to quit the house, that he might supplant him. So ingenious an explanation saved the ghost's life, but not his reputation, for the master of the inn being called up, and discover- ing his neighbour to be the evil spirit, the latter was never able to show his mortal face again in the neighbourhood. 