THE ORTTfiTFTX AT . ST. PATTT.'S memorial presented by the national club. To the Right Honorable and Right Reverend Frederick, Lard Bishop of London. The Memorial of the Chairman and Members of the General Committee of the National Club, residents in the Diocese of London, - respectfully she weth — 1\. — That your Memorialists have read, with feelings of the deepest sorrow and alarm, the announcement made by Mr. Beresford-Hope at the Portsmouth Church Congress, " that an artist of great fame was at present employed in producing a crucifix on a considerable scale, and in prominent relief, for ' the altar ' at St. Paul's Cathedral," in order that the figure should " teach the people what is the true centre of worship." 2\. — That these feelings of alarm are intensi fied by the statement made by the Dean of St. Paul's Cathedral, in which, while denying " that there ever was any thought of a crucifix in the common meaning of the word," he admits that ''it is true that a representa tion in relief of the Passion, just as it is at present represented in painted glass in the East Window," is to form " part of a design for a reredoB," thereby necessarily over shadowing the Lord's table, described by Mr. Beresford-Hope as " the altar." 3.— That by the lawB of this realm such idolatrous representations are clearly pro hibited, and their expulsion from all the National Churches specially directed to be enforced. For, in the first year of Edward VI. (1547), injunctions were issued to the clergy and laity, which, among other things, denounced, " as tending to idolatry and superstition, the offering of oandles, relics, or images, or the pissing and licking of the same ; and the clergy were directed to take down and destroy such images as they knew to have been so abused with offerings, or to have been censed, also all pictures, paintings, and;; all other monuments of idolatry and superstition,; so that there might remain no memory of the same m walls, glass windows, or elsewhere within their churches." These . orders were, further enforced by the 3 and 4 Edward VI., c. 10, which directed that all images Bhould be defaced and destroyed. In reference to this Statute, the Lords of the Judicial Committee of . the Privy Council, in their judgment in the caBe of Phillpotts v Boyd, state : — This Statute was repoaled by 1 Mary, c. 2, sec. 2, but that Statute was in turn repealed by 1 James I., c 25, sec. 48, and the Statute o£ Edward was thereby revived. The Act of James I. is itself repealed by the 26 and 27 Vict. c. 125 ; but -an express section of that Act provides that, where any Act thereby repealed had the operation of reviving any former Act, such reviver shall not be affected. The Act of Edward VI., therefore, remains unrepealed," — consequently images in churches are now prohibited by Statute law. 4\. — That the law upon the subject has -been fully put in force by recent decisions. In the cqbq of Riddell v. Baker, heard in the Consistorial Court, Exeter, before Chancellor Phillpotts, on May 5th, 1871, the Court decreed "the removal from the teredos of Lynton Church, of a group of figures repre senting the Saviour on the cross the Virgin Mary and St. John, as being an unlawful decoration in a church So in the caBe of Ridsdale v. Clifton, also, the Lords of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council confirmed tho decision of the Judge of the Court of Arches, directing the removal of a cruoifix or figure of our Saviour on the cross, which had been set up in "full relief " upon a Rod Screen at tho entrance of the chancel of the church ; and it is to be observed that the judgment pronounced by their Lordships contains the following remarkable passage, viz. : — " Whon the Court finds that the same object, both in the church and out of it, is still worshipped by those who adhere to the unre- formed Romish faith, and when it is told that now, after a lapse of 300 years, it is suddenly proposed to set up again this same object in the same part of the church as an architectural ornament only, it is hard not to distrust the uses to which it may come to be put, or escape tho apprehension that what begins in ' decoration ' may end in idolatry.' " 5\. — That " a Representation in relief of the Passion" is Btill regarded by "those who adhere to the unreformed Romish faith" as an accessory to Romish worship is clearly show by tbe reference made by the Lords of the Judicial Committee of tho Privy Council to Fomici's Instiluliones Liturgicoi as the present text-book of the Pope'b Seminary, for 'herein Fornici states that " the Congregation -of Sacred Bites has declared that if, in the chief compartment of the reredos, the sculp tured image of Christ crucified holds the principal place, there is no need of another cross on the altar during Mass." From this decree it is .clear that the proposed erection in iSt. Paul's is all that is necessary to fulfil the requirements of tho Romish Church for the celebration of the idolatrous sacrifice of the Mass. It is, therefore, submitted that there is serious cause to fear that the intrusion of this acknowledged accessory to Romish worship may open tho door to the introduction of idolatrous and superstitious practices. 6.- — That tho introduction of such sculp- tured figures constitutes a formal reversal of the Reformation Settlement : for, when the so- called "Ornaments Rubric" was first pub lished (Juno. 24th, 1559), it was promptly enforced (in the following August) by the Royal visitors, who publicly burned in St. Paul's Churchyard the ?' Rood " at St. Paul's ; . and the visitors further . enjoined the, then Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's, to take care that thoir cathedral be " purged and freed from all and singular their images, idols and altarB," and " in the place of those altars to provide 'a decent table in tbe church for the -celebration of the Lord's Supper." 7.— That the erection ofilthis "representa tion of the PasBion," is directly opposed to the teaching of tho Church of England as set forth in her Articles and Homilies. For (1), the '22nd Article of Religion, declares that "the Romish doctrine concerning worshipping and adoration, as well of images as of reliques, is a fond thing vainly invented, and grounded upon no warranty of Scripture and (2) the Homily against " Peril of Idolatry" declares "that it is Jm possible that images of God, Christ, or His Saints can be suffered, specially :In temples and churches, any while or, space without worshipping of them; and tint idolatry, which is most abominable before God, cannot possibly be escaped and avoided without . the . abolishing and destruction of images and pictures in temples and churches, for that idolatry is to images, specially in temples and churches, an inseparable acci dent ." And the same Homily further states, that " No. image can .be made of Christ but a lying- image. For Christ is God and Man. :Seeing, therofore, that of the Godhead, whioh is the more excellent part, no image can be made", it is falsely called the image of Christ." 8.— That the Dean and .Chapter of St. Paul's Cathedral have publicly subscribed, and thereby, acknowledged;, their, agreement with the teaching sot. forth in the xxxix. Articles of Religion and the 35th Article, to which tho Dean and membors of the Chapter have so subscribed, declares. that the Homilies contain, " godly and wholesome i doctrine, and neces sary for these times the Canons also give special directions for the reading of the Homilies. 9\. — ihat the erection in the cathedral churches of such " lying Images" of idolatry and superstition may Veil call down God's righteous judgment upon the Church u and people of tho country : for God hath said in His own Word : — " Woo unto him that saith to the wood, Awake ; to the dumb stone, Arise, It shall Teach" (Hab. ii. 19) ; and, again : "They are altogether brutish and foolish : the stock is a Doctrine of Vanities . .. . . . Every founder is confounded by the graven, image : for his .molten image is Falsehood." (Jer. x. 1-14.) 10\. — For Iheso and other reasons your Memorialists feel themselves bound, as faith ful members of the Church :of England, to record their solemn protest against the intro- duction into St. Paul's Cathedral of any sculptured image of the Crucifixion. And your Memorialists most respectfully pray your Lordship to employ your influence, as visitor or otherwise, witn tho Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's Cathedral, in order that they do desist from any design that has been formed for the erection, within the precincts of tho cathedral, of any sculptured figure or representation of our Lord upon the cross, as tending to the introduction of superstitious practices and idolatrous worship. W. Macdonald Maodonald, Chairman of Committee, for Self and Members of National Club. A similar protest has been forwarded by the National Club to the Dean of St. Paul's. In the Life of Charles Lever, a new edition of which was issued a few months since, occurs an interesting anecdote concerning the Queen and one who is now Pope Leo XIII. It is there stated that when Lever resided at Brnssells he held frequent recep tions at his house : — " Strangest meetings were the consequence. Dr. Whately, Arch bishop of Dublin, when his guest, would have no one near him for the evening but the Papal Nuncio. Stranger still, this Nuncio was no other than the present Pope Leo XIII. — better known, perhaps, as ' the genial Cardinal Pecci, whose relations with a Protes tant King wore so cordial and conciliatory. He sat beside Queen Victoria ono day at dinner, and afterwards attended her Drawing Room (presented by Lord Palmerston) the only Pope of whom such things can bo told " , (p. 118). Some articles lately published in a; St. Petersburg magazine, entitled Russian Thought, reveal a depth of credulity and superstition, which at this day we should hardly have believed possible in the most benighted corner of Christendom. It is as serted that at the call of a prophet who an nounces that anti-Christ is about to ovor-run the world, and that tho only escape from his baneful influence is immediate suicide, whole villages have shut themselves up and died of starvation. Then there is the baptism of fir e and the red death. Men have sometimes been persuaded that it was their duty to sacrifice all their children in this way. The author of the articles referred to calculates that 10,000 persons have perished through such gross fanaticisms. — Queensland E. Standard. Lemon Bisodits.— To one pound of flour, whioh has been well dried in a cool oven, add a quarter of fresh butter ; rub it well into the flour till both are well mixed and powdery. Mix- in the rind three lemons, grated very fine, and a pound of castor-sugar." Add to the juice of the two lemons-, from which the pips have been removed, two beaten eggs; mix thoroughly, and pour into the flour, which should be slightly warm; stir all together in to a stiff paste. Roll out an eighth of an inch thick and cut with a round paste- cutter into biscuits. Bake on a tin sheet in a moderate oven. Let them cool and pack them on white paper in tin biscuit boxes. These must bo air-tight, and'must be kept in a very dry place, when these biscuiits will last fresh and good for months. At a: seance a widow whose mother had recently died wished to communicate with the spirit of her husband. The connection being made she said : "Do you see much of dear mamma in Heaven, John? " " I never see her at all." "Is it possible, John," continued the widow regretfully, " that even now you can not learn to love mamma? " "I would be very glad to love the old lady," replied angelic John, "if I had the ghost of a chance ; but the trouble is she isn't here." 