OLD ENGLISH CUSTOMS AND FOLK-LORE. [Br ELFIN.] IL—GOOD AND BAD LUCK. Ideas which prevail in the present day concerning "lucky" and "unlucky" things occupy a sort of borderland between the natural and the supernatural. The modern man of business who talks of having had "a stroke of good luck" probably intends by the saying nothing more than that various fortunate circumstances have combined to favour his interests. If unlucky," circumstances, he concludes, < ; have gone against him. In neither case does he suppose that the unseen powers have had anything to do with it. But this matter-of-fact philosophy of the fortunes of life is of very recent growth. In hundreds of homes in England to this day there is a rusty horseshoe nailed to the doorpost, or a string of "holy - stones," "lucky - stones," or "hag- stones," as they are indifferently called, still hanging behind the door. The old people whe half a century ago nailed many of these potent spells up to ward off disaster had a firm belief in their efficacy. The younger folk have left them undisturbed, thinking, in a half-superstitious way, it was better to let well alone. Or they have followed the example of their elders from a sort of vague notion that there was some sort of good luck in these oldfashioned symbols, and therefore to hang them up would do no harm, and secure whatever advantage there might be in them. Modern ideas of luck are almost synonymous with chance, but to man in his primitive condition good and evil fortune came direct from some form of SDiritual intervention. He was immediately subject to the pleasure or displeasure of the gods, the manes of his ancestors, the elves that haunted woods, glens, and caves, and, what was perhaps most dreaded, human beings possessed of seme evil spirit by which they could use all the powers of the devil against those who displeased them. With the world crowded with such spiritual agents intent upon interfering with human action, it was natural that the excited imagination should see in every unusual circumstance or remarkable coincidence examples of direct spiritual intervention. These occurrences would soon become classified into good and evil omens, and these again would give rise to "lucky" and "unlucky" distinctions with regard to certain objects or methods of work which have developed in most countries into an elaborate wealth of folk-lore touching every aspect of life. Ideas of luck represent spiritual conceptions in their simplest and most generalized form, and therefore we find them as universal as man himself, and having the longest survival of any of his superstitions. Most nations have come to regard certain parts of the year as either fortunate or otherwise. This distinction was so far recognised among the Romans that the Calendar was divided into ctlbi dies and atri dies, marked in the Calendar by white and black letters, representing lucky and unlucky days respectively. The month of May has been very generally considered an unlucky month. Old people will insist upon drowning all May kittens, as it is popularly thought that they are in some way possessed, and if allowed to live they will forsake their proper vocation of catching rats and mice, and suck the breath of children. A May baby, it is said, will be a sickly child, and will die before reaching maturity. It is also unlucky to marry in the month of May, and it is still very often the case in England that nuptials are either hastened or deferred to escape the ill chances of a May marriage. This superstition is as oldasOvid, who refers to it in hie "Fasti," a quotation from which ('* Mense malas Maio niihere vvlgus ait"), embodying the popular superstition in the matter, was found written on the gates of Holyrood Palace on the morning after the marriage of the ill-fated Mary Queen of Scots to Bothwell, which took place on May 16. The ill distinction which belongs to this beautiful spring month evidently dates from pre-Christian times, and probably aros« in connection with the Lemures, or feast3 of ghosts and spectres, which formed the principal festival of the month. From some unknown reason Friday has been from time immemorial considered an unlucky day, a belief common to many of the European countries as well a9 England. Few sailors care to begin a voyage on a Friday. Landsmen will not begin any new job of work, or undertake any serious journey, or remove from one house to another on a Friday. In the North of England, even at the present day, perhaps the majority of the working classes are influenced by these considerations, and it is a common saying amongst them— A Friday's flit Is a short sit. In Lancashire the rule is made to apply to lovers. No man must go a-courting on a Friday. If caught paying amorous attentions to his lady-love he is drummed with pokers and tin pans until he supplies money for a drink to appease his tormentors. A lady in Haltwhistle, Northumberland, informed me that it was a belief in those parts that if an article of dress be begun on a Saturday the person who wears it will not live long. In an old calendar in Grafton's Chronicle (A D. 1565) there are no less than twenty-seven days of the year marked as "unlucky" and thirty-four as "very unlucky," or sixty-one in all. An interesting illustration of how some days may come to be considered unlucky is given in Sir John Sinclair's " Statistical Account of Scotland" (1793). He says—"No gentleman of the name of Sinclair, either in Canisby or throughout Caithness, will put on green apparel or think of crossing the Ord upon a Monday. They were dressed in green, and they crossed the Ord upon a Monday on their way to the battle of Flodden, where they fought and fell in the service of their country almost without leaving a representative of their name behind them. The day and the dress are accordingly regarded as inauspicious. If the Ord must be got beyond on Monday the journey is performed by sea." It is an almost universal belief that it is more lucky to travel from east to west— from right to left—following the course of the sun than the contrary. This prejudice is to be found in almost every country, and interwoven with most creeds. The monks of certain Buddhist sects use a kind of praying machine. To save the trouble of repeating many prayers the would-be saint writes his prayers on a cylinder which is provided with a crank, so as to be capable of revolving, each revolution counting for a round of prayers, and the more prayers, or, in other words, the more revolutions of the machine, the more merit will accrue to the operator. But the devotee must take care always to turn his machine from right to left, and is assiduously watchful lest some other person should give it a reverse turn, which would undo all his meritorious work. The Mohammedan pilgrim in marching round the Kaaba, the most sacred building in Mecca, and consequently to the Mussulman the holiest place on earth, must follow the same direction. The peasantry of Scotland and Ireland have been accustomed from time immemorial to begin and end their journeys and important ceremonies by a turn the right way round. To pursue an opposite course, especially by marching backwards round a house or a Church and reciting the creed or prayers, is called " withersliins" (widder- shins), and implies that the person so acting has abjured religion and placed himself in the power of the devil. Mr. Napier, in his work on "Scotch Folk Lore," says that " Highlanders in going to bathe or drink in a consecrated fountain approach it by going round the place from east to west on the south side. When the dead are laid in their graves, the grave is approached by going round in the same manner. The bride is con ducted to the spouse in presence of the minister round the company in the same direction ; indeed ail public matters were done according to certain fixed ideas in i relation to the sun." The origin of this | widespread habit is easy to trace, and j indicates that sun-worship ha? been one I i f the most universal of primitivereligions, the traces of which have not entirely faded from the habits of the most civilized peoples. Throughout all the Northern counties to find old iron is regarded as lucky, and such things as old nails, horseshoes, &c.; ought to be picked up and taken home. If not carried home they ought to be thrown over the left shoulder. This custom probably points to the time when iron was the rare and precious metal. Throwing it over the left shoulder is the symbol of sacrifice to the unseen powers. We have already referred to the horseshoe as a universal emblem of good luck. Dr. Inman, in his work on "Ancient Faiths in Ancient Names," gives an engraving of a Buddhist goddess, corresponding to Venus of the West, surrounded by a horseshoe instead of a ores cent. The same author states that the horseshoe was anciently held as theemblem of that voluptuousness which characterized the worship of this goddess. If this analoey be correct the nailing of the horseshoe on the door-post was an attempt to break the spells of witchcraft through the influences of Venus. The association of woman with ideas of bad luck is peculiar. In the North country there could not be a worse omen for the year than fcr a woman to be a " first foot" in any family on New Year's morning. To escape such a fatality a " first foot" is often picked beforehand from amongst the family's acquaintances. There are few miners, even yet, that would venture to go to work in the " first shift" (about 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning) if they met a woman whilst on their way to the pit mouth. There is general belief that when such happens it is an omen of ill-luck, and if they went to work they might expect to meet with some accident. Can this be a relic of the inferior position occupied by women in the lower stages of civilization when sons are valued but daughters and women held in contempt ? There are a vast number of sayings bearing on the subject of luck which might be added to an indefinite length. Thus it is said that parties ought not to marry whose names begin with the same letter, as the union will be an unhappy one. This is expressed in rhyme:— To change the name and not the letter Is a change for the worse and not the better. Spilling salt at table has been very generally considered unlucky, and if it happens whilst being passed from one person to another it foreshadows that their friendship will be broken. To break the evil spell the person spilling the salt must take up a small quantity and throw it over his left shoulder. Many persons on entering a new house at a Hitting are careful to throw a bag of salt in first or sprinkle the floor with salt for good luck. It is also reckoned lucky to carry the Bible in first. Salt was an important element in ancient sacrifices, whilst the Bible is the standard of the Christian faith. The character of the custom in each case is probably the same, the former having passed into the latter in some cases through the influence of the prevailirg religion. English farmers, in the olden times, were accustomed to leave a portion of their crops ungathered as an offering to appease the evil spirits, and this was called "good man's croft." Latterly it has been observed simply from custom, or from some ill-defined ideas of its being lucky to leave this ungathered corner, and is at present almost obsolete. It is unlucky to pay away money on a Monday morning before receiving some, and to sweep the dust of the house out at the door instead of to the fireplace, as by so doing the luck is swept out of the house. A knife or pair of scissors given away, without a return present, would sever friendship between the parties. To have luck with a new dress it should be worn first at Church. To put on an article of dress the wrong side foreshadowed success for the day, but the article must be worn as first put on, or otherwise bad luck would follow. Many persons refuse to have their likenesses taken, as it is considered unlucky, and likely to induce sickness. Some savage people have shown the same superstition, believing that it would in some way detract from their own personality. The writer had a little girl under 4 years of age who was greatly agitated by fear on going to have her photograph taken, as she feared they were going to put her on the card, and it was only by stealth that the process was accomplished. Childhood often presents the best clue to the mental condition of primitive man. The subject we have been dealing with belongs to a form of divination read from the casual events of life. These popular beliefs have no doubt had a diversified origin. One of the most influential of these, I should conclude, has been the force of custom, doing things after the methods of a received and long-established custom, resolving itself ultimately into the only right and lucky way, whilst any innovation would bring bad luck. The gho&ts; of their departed chiefs and kinsmen still walked amongst them, and would avenge the bleaches of tribal customs. When any remarkable or oft-repeated coincidence took place, this would also at once stamp a day as lucky or otherwise, and the same thing would occur with coincidences of objects or methods of work. Thus old nurses will tell you that it is lucky for a baby to vomit its food, probably from no other reason than that all babies are subject to this disagreeable upsetting of their stomachs. Perhaps for a similar reason it is declared to be lucky for children to fall out of bed, because, if some special precautions are not taken, nearly every child gets its turn of toppling over the bedstock. A poor woman of my acquaintance in a northern country town has a large family. They are all strong and healthy but one, and he is a weakling and an idiot; every one of the children, the mother informed me, fell over the bedstock but the poor idiot. A third and doubtless the most prolific source of the ideas of luck has arisen from the ancient pagan rites and sacrifices and the profound belief which has possessed the popular mind in relation to the numerous orders of spiritual beings nlio were ever bent on mischief to man. Their wiles and fatal powers must bs met with the influence of sacred things borrowed from the altar and the emblems of the gods. CLAIMS AGAINST THE COMMERCIAL BANK. —In the Supreme Court on Friday Mr. Justice Boucaut had discussed before him the questions of law affecting all the Banks which have entered claims against the liquidators of the Commercial Bank of South Australia. The only question settled was that of reexchange on bills issued by the insolvent Bank in Adelaide and negotiated by Banks in respect of money payable in London. The creditors interested claimed 3i per cent, as the current rate chargeable in London on amounts negotiated by means of bills of sight on Adelaide. The counsel for the liquidators submitted that damage must be actually proved and amounts awarded accordingly. The Judge decided that the creditors claiming were entitled to re exchange at the rate of 3J per cent.—in addition to what the stamp duties would cost on the bills—and interest at 10 per cent, from a date forty-three days after the original drafts were dishonoured in London. 