TnEllrbl ?oUppositel, o the tannery is nearly completed. The work is of a subltantial character, of masonry and iron, and is sao iiIprovementL on the old one, wlithei l wcas eoillposed of logs of anuciet design, but it answured its purplsu well for over twsuty years. The cointractor Mr. Brew expects to have the now bridge finished in a week or so. Carringtlon Minus.-Meassr. Williaus and Kelly, I believe,haveo taken up sixty acres of land in the vicinity of tlesu inues, and they intlend supple. ioiutary this bly 40 llore. It is tIo e lhoped that thoese enlerprising speculiatorls ma;y have success. I hear that Mer. Wiltshire the mliniug.wardlon, visited tile Carrington mionlIs today, soad c?presses great hopes of their future success. Trado.--Business is dull as yet, but improvenllolit is looked forward to as Christmllis approalches. Hay monlcilng is being prlceedied with; thc is giving a little miore life in town, and as stouks is improving in condition stoeltckowers can now supply the market. Politics.--While most Iplacels havl given expressionl to tlleir fooling on free-trade and protectionl, fIfarnlau has rollmailled silent. Business in thoe colony is genorlly deipriesse cd d the question is oasked what is thile cause of tile depression ? Of course we have diversity of oplinion. It is thought by scmo that tihe chalige in the season will regulats affairs and prosperity cwill soon return to gladdol hearts andil homes in New South Wailes. Then there are others who think tlhat sosme chalng in tle fiscal policy is required to iake thiilgs righlt agaiin, and I hear there is a miove on foot to get tip la ilteting in favour of protection. Saddlryv Business.-- Mr. . I. McKon:ie, saddler of Taralga, whoi established a branch sholf here soms time ago, has closed again, trado not giviif sullcicut remuneration. All the time Mr. MIo Kenzie has been here trade of every kiil has been excessively dull or tlhere is not tihe slightest doubt he would hlave been more successful. A Ghlost.--It was currently reported thalt i ghost was to be suye occasionally just half-way botwocuc new and osd Pilarnlian. His ghostship's favourite timeo for takiing his walk was between nine and te p.m. ; thIou Ie did not always wall , Iust t times took thlle shape of ia ball of lire, and rolled across tie road ccs iliic as lightning, nid ait other timCses Icel:ca: luore sociaiible aniid inaturlal, tLkinig tle hlumiian formi nid gpeitly lvalkilg over the road. Yolircorrespondent fortl.utstely bowled ost tihe nisble gihost, costling in thie direclion of old Mticrulni. The night was dark iiand mlisty., inot eve i stallr could be seoln. Tlis part of the read is icttio intensely dismal by the thick sorib on eachl side. On nearing tlil verihtlle spot.you allly imlagicue mcy sulrprise on seeing a suddn light llasll" across tlh ro:d. In a mooment the light was gone. I stuood amazed ; tile night seemiled daricer than over ; again thic light flashied in front lof mie. Auxious to besico.e acquainted with ithe gho;t, I simde up my mind to lprlced and in It ntlumellt I was on the spot, whetll thiu third tiulo lie Ithiulg lsaunted mo, Iand the last. My eye caulgllt tlhe light and with liglltning speed followed it balck into t neighbourinlg window. T'lhe mlystery was solved--I could icow understand th lll ty neigllbours wsro re.tiring to Lesl. November cPO. 