PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The discourse by the Rev. J. G.Wilson, was one of a series on the last six days of Jesus before the crucifixion. The text was the last verse of the 16th chapter of John. "These things I have spoken unto you, that through me ye might have peace, in the world ye shall have tribula tion, but be of goodcheer; I have overcome the world." The things spoken of are contained in the thrle proceeding chapters. Having spoken on the contents of the 14th chapter, a fortnight ago, special attention was directed to those of the 15th and 16th, as related to the text. The circunmtances were these-Jesus and Hits disciples had kept the Paschal feast, He had instituted what is known as the Lords supper. The traitor having retired He feels freer, and speaks those tender cheering words to the eleven. They are very dear to Him. They are troubled at the prospect of losing Him. lie knowing all that was before them, feels for them, and seeks to prepare them for the sore trial, which a few hours would bring, and for the many and the great ones they should meet with as His Apostles preaching His gospel. The object was that in Hilm they might have peace- peace alwas ; for in the world they would have tribulation. Note that great emphasis is laid in gospels and epistles, on being in Christ. To be in Christ means l0oiron, peace, life, and joy. To be in Christ it is well for life and death, for time and eternity. Out of Christ is just the opposite, no peace, no joy that can live, no hope. That it might be well with them, they were to abide in Hlim, as the bralch abides in the vine. Only thus could they be fruitfid and pelcefill. HIow were they to abide in Him ? by keeping His commandment, andl lby loving Him. Thus would it be manifest, too, that ther were his disciples. Let them be cleered; they were His friends, nearer and dlearer than servants couldl lie; hencee le had spoken freely to them of the Father. They were not to be alarmed if the world hated them. The world was, and is, opposed to Christ and His. Its spirit may be defied al s that spirit in many which exalts itself against God -which says to God-" No." lie would have them an know beforehanl, what they might expect from it. They would he cast out and persecuted, and their perse cutors would think that they were rendering airuellupaienervice. He had not told them before,because He was with them ; but now He was to leave them, he told them that they might know all that was before bhem, and be prepared for it. It was for their good that He shoull go away. Was this possible ? Could any thing be better than to be with Jesus as they had been? Yes. Christ's Ministry was closed; his work nearly finished. They had not entered into the meaning of His words ; they did not understand his Mission. The Holy Ghost, whom be would send from the Father, wouhld enlighten them, He would guidethemni into all truth, and bring all things to his remembrance, whatsoever He had said to them. Thus they woutl be led into cleared views of Christand lis work. HIe too, would be convicted by the Holy Ghost. 