THE J&SK; 5 JC® HJ3E ŚINGĘĘS, ~ ' . _ v ^ " This justly renowned troupe of /colored artists jnade their first appearance here in the Mechanics' Institnoe -on. Vnesday evening, and--met wrfeb' A very cordial greeting by a crowfled audience. The company comprise eleven performers, seven ladies and four gentlemen, all of whom possess voices of excellent quality, and some indeed of exceptional merit. All die voices are well trained, evenly balanced, and in the various part songs and choruses, blend in the most charming harmony. To many concert-goers the compositions would not, perhaps, suggest extraordinary musical or poetical merit, but their very weirdness, the remarkable fervour which pervades them, and the beautiful harmony and clearness with which they are rendered command wrapt attention and admiration. We question vetymach whether inmany high-class compositions can be found the depth of true pathos which abounds in the simple negro melodies sung by the Jubilee Singers. Most of the numbers were sacred, but even so, it cannot be fairly said that they would appear dull to the most persistent concert-goes, for while some were touching and pathetic, others were quite of a stirring and inspiriting character. Miss Mattae L. Lawrence, a lady of pleasing presence, is gifted with a clear soprano voice of quality and training sufficient to secure her triumphs anywhere as a soloist. Mr F. J. Loudin is the leading bisso, and is the possessor of a magnificent roiee of wonderful compass. The tenor, 5IrJ. T. Lane has a very pleasing voice, and Miss Maggie Wilson has a clear contralto voice of unusual power. The programme was introduced with "Steal away to Jesus," with the Lord's Prayer magnificently chanted. " Steal away to Jesus" was first sung by slaves living ou the border of \- - - among the Indians. As the meters w^e very cruel in this region, the slaves would steal across the river at night, engage in worship which they were not allowed to do at home, and return before they were missed. This they called " Stealing away to Jesus." The lively chorus "Get you ready, there's a meeting here to-night" served to give prominence to Miss P. J. Malonc (soprano). It was encored, and " Oh, let me into the Kingdom " was sung in response. '-The Judgment Day is Coming" was,sung to music peculiarly sultable to Uie sentiment. *' The Band of Gideon," a martial strain was followed by "A Hundred Fathoms deep," which served to show off Mr Loudai's uia^iuiitent bass. It concludes with a run on the low notes, which was sung to perfection. Some of the audience thought it was something to laugh at, and indulged themselves. In keeping with their frame of mind was the laughin- 1 song given as an encore. "My Lord's Waiting All the Time" was followed by " Who'll buy my Roses ?" which was beautifully rendered by Miss Lawrence. "I'm Rolling through an unfriendlv AVorld" fo und much favor, as did tile encore hymn Walking in Jerusalem, just like John." The second part of the programme opened with the part song "Jingle Bells." We don't remember to have heard such part singing here by any company. The chording was splendid, and the forte and pianissimo passages were most effective; in the latter the words being as distinct as in the former, though dying away to almost a mere whisper. The same remarks apply to the quartette of male voices " O Rock Me in the Cradle all the Day." The other numbers were "Bright Sparkles in the Churchyard"He Arose from the Dead;" "Ten Virgins;" "Awav over Jordan ;" " We Shall Walk Through the Valley" (a solemn piece magnificently ren- dered), and " Wait a Little While," with the Benediction, which concluded one of the most enjoyable entertainments we have ever attended. The Jubilee Singers had another excellent house last night, and to judge from the long- sustained applause which greeted each number it was evident that the efforts of the singers were fully appreciated. The programme began with "Steal Away to Jesus," with the Lord's Prayer, and was followed by " Love King Jesus," which was encored and responded to with "All God's Children in the Field." The next number was " There' Room Enough," a strain familiar to attendants at Salvation Army meetings, but which white congregations have yet to learn to sing properly. "Oh, Brothers, Are you getting Ready?" a sparkling piece, also secured an encore, when "The Angels Brought Tidings Down" was given. This contains a rippling solo taken by Miss Malone (soprano). Mr Loudin then sang the familiar song, "Rock'd in the Cradle of the Deep," a masterly rendering which served to exhibit the capabilities of his voice and his ability to use it. To a vociferous encore he responded with '«The Lasy Man," a humorous effort in which Mr Loudin depicted amidst uproarious laughter and applause the personification of a lazy man, and the laziest ghost in all the town. " Peter, Go Ring them Bells," a regular plantation melody, followed and "Walk together, Children," which gave prominence to Miss awrence's beautiful soprano. The concluding item of the first part was "My Lord delivered Daniel," which evoked as an encore, " Hallelujah to that Lamb!" Mr Loudin spoke briefly on the change from slavery to the concert platform, and in reference to the songs ; and tlie second part of the programme was introduced by the part song " The Bells," a wonderful piece of vocalism, in which the boom and swell of tie tocsin, and the tinkling of chimes were realistically produced. By way of response to an encore,'' Jingle Bells," the sleigh song given on Tuesday night, was \- We are almost Home " was followed by "This Old-Time Religion," a familiar hymn. "I've been Redeemed," (also well known) was given by request, and it was certainly the gem of the sacred numbers. "The song of the Whip Poor Will," {male quartett) resulted in an encore— "Zum Zum," ą laughable item representing "the song of three bumble bees." "Jerusalem, Mourn," rendered a repetition of thelast verse necessary, and was followed by "In Bright Mansions Above" a beautiful cojuposifcion. Mr Loudin here referred in thankful terms to tlie large audiences on both nighte, and intimated that possibly the company might re-visit in Kyneton at tlie emira, tiou of twelve months. "Swing Low" and " Good Bye, Brothers " appropriately brought the concert to a closfe; The accompanyist to the Singers is Miss L. F. Henson, a pupil of the Royal Conserva- toire. Leipzic, who manipulates both Hie . skill. singmg of this company description—words are of bat BtUe service —it must be. heard that any idea of its excellence may be formed." Long _ and systematic training has' made tlie singera ujeolmit^ally perf^ and tie fact that they lose tUenfeelveg in the spirit and lie sentiment of -jęhat they sing,' toother with great natural ability, leave nothing to be attained. No such concerted •"ffitfrffo been łtaad beforehand the pl&sure; pE hetó^iauem is intensified W the riflte- liisSilsM^A^jgpay -sojesingers if In amateur singers' efforts frequently de- 1 generate into a muttering sound. If the Jubilee Singers should revisit Kyńeton, they will be sure to meet with an enthusiastic reception. 