SPIRITED AWAY. (in three chapters. — CHAP. t \ It was about eight o'clock on a certain November evening in the year 188—, that I found myself one of a number of passengers disgorged from a train on the platform of the Sr. P»n..r„= r was jast turned nineteeu years of age, and this was the first time I bad set foot in London. My journey had been a Ions and tedious one, and I was thoroughly chilled and worn ont when I Etepped out of the carriage. I had started from home at aix in the morning for a twelve miles walk to the nearest station, and after that, had spent hoar after hour, first in one third-class carriage, and then in another, for my home was in a remote district many miles from any main line -tajhemetropolis. I may jast add that I had buHatgiyrecovered from a long illness, having outgrown— my strength or so my friends averred — and to that fact some portion of the weariness I now felt was no doubt attributable. However, here I was at last, really end truly, in London — in the great city. It was the consummation of the dreams of my yonth, as it is of the dreams of so many hundreds of ambitious, country- bred lads. I had no luggage to detain me, the sole article I had hrnnnto ;,i. me being a small handbag containing a . few necessaries : my portmanteau was to follow in the course of a couple of days. As I was making my way towards the exit, I caught sight of the refreshment room. I had had nothing to eat since morning but a few biscuits, and now the pangs of hunger began to make them selves felt. I pushed open the swing- doors of the restaurant, and going up to the counter, I asked for a cup of coffee and a couple of sandwiches. While I was being served, X counted over again the small amonut of money in my purse and asked myself whether I could afford to take a cab to my destination. Why not walk ? The night was young, and the street in which my friend lived, being in the heart of London, could not be mora than two or, at the most, three miles away. Besides, there seemed a spice of adventure, something that would serve me to talk about in time to come, in finding my way, utter stranger as I was, alone and by night through the streets of London — those streets abont which I had read so mncfa, and had so often pic tured in my thoughts. I decided that I would walk. Here it becomes needful to mention that my destination was the lodgings of a certain friend, whose name, for the purposes of this narrative, shall be Gas- coigne. I call him my friend, and snch he was, althongh he was four years older than myself. We were both natives of the same small country town ; his parents and mine were old friends; and owing to the similarity of oar tastes and pur suits, he and I had been much thrown together np to the date of hia leaving home to push his fortunes in London. We had kept np an unbroken correspon dence after his departure ; and now that my father had lighted on evil days, and it became imperative that I should turn out into the world, Gascoigne had at once come to the rescue. I must leave home, he wrote, aud take up my quarters with him till he should succeed in finding some situation that would be likely to suit me, which he had little doubt about being able to do in the coarse of a few weeks at the most. Aud thus it fell out that here I was iu London. Outside the station, I found a police man, from whotn I inquired my nearest way to the Strand, in a street off which thoroughfare G&scoigne;'s rooms were situated. The night was damp and raw, with a sort of thiu, wet mist in the at mosphere, which blurred the lamps and tbe lights in the shops a little way off, and made the pavement greasy and un pleasant to -walk on. But little recked I about the weather. I was pacing Lon don streets, and to me, for the time being, that was all-sufficient. The coffee had warmed me ; the fatigue I had felt previously was forgotten as I walked on and on in a sort of waking dream. More than once I had to ask my way, and more than once I wandered from tbe direct road ; but at length, after about an hour's walking, I found the street I was in search of, and two minutes later I knocked at tbe door of No. 16. My snmmone was responded to by a middle- aged woman — Gascoigne's landlady, as I afterwards found — who, in answer to my innniriT infnrmprl mo that, mo friend tiad been called out of town two days pre viously on important business, and was not expected home till the morrow. I turned from the door with a sinking heart, feeling more lost and lonely than I had ever felt before. I was in the heart of the great Babylon, and knew not a single soul out of all the teeming thousands around me. Presently, I found myself in the Strand again, and there I came to a halt for a little while, gating on a sceue so fresh and strange to me. The glare, the uproar, the inter minable tangle of vehicles, the hundreds VI UUU1»U WOUJgO, JUUUg nut WlUy MW" and poor, pasting ceaselessly to and fro, winding in and out without touching each other, like midges dancing in the enn — all these affected my spirits like a tonic, and in a very little while put all morbid fancies to flight. What if I were alone in London without a creature any where that I knew — there were thous ands of others in a similar plight. Gas coigne would he back on .the morrow, - and for this one night I must make shift with a bed at some decent .coffee-house or inexpensive hotel It was too early yet to think of turning in ; it would foe time enough an hour hence to set about finding quarters for the night - footsteps might lead , me, my weariness all but forgotten in the novelty of the scenes which met my country-bred eyes at- every tarn. As the clocks were striking ten, I found myself on one of the ' bridges, gating over the parapet at the black-flowing river as.it i|»bed and svriried fforpqgh the archee .iindtir my feat A thick fog was slowly creeping np, said oven 'while I was .gatingat fhe fringe of lamps on some other bridge, its dark mantle closed round, ihem andsnni them in as completely as .though they had never been. A Sew, mihuteS later, the fog had rea-bed the irimte I was standing, and had caught mejjnca'rismp, sickly embrace wbirii in \v«y ' litHe- while sufficed tp chill me to ifoe msrrow, and blotted out as completely ,ce with a wet appnge1towelSjn?« ma , . . When I began to move sgain after my halt, I realised for the firat time how | thoroughly weary and dead-beat I was, and that I mnst no ionger delay seeking out a lodging for the night The fog was'thickening fret, and it was impossible to see more than three or four yards id any direction. In my bewilderment, in- stead of turning back towards the Strand side of the bridge, as my intention was, I seem to have unwittingly crossed to the Surrey side, seeing that, a few min utes later, I found myself in a maze of narrow, tortuoos streets, in which gin palaces and fried-fish shops seemed to be tbe cbief places of entertainment. I wandered on, .turning from one thoroughfare into another, feeling in that thick, black fog more utterly lost and bewildered, even in the streets of London, than I should have done if set down at midnight in the heart of Salisbury Plain with nothing but the stars to guide me on my way. In the district in which I now found myself there seemed to be no small hotels where a stranger might find cheap but decent accommodation for the night — nothing but flariog taverns and low coffee- shops. Three or four of these latter I passed which, even dead-beat aa I was, I could not summon np courage to enter — they looked too unsavoury and repulsive to a youth of countrified tastes like myself At length I came to one wuicn seemed more promising tnan any I had yet seeu — cleaner and neater in every way, as far as I could judge by peering through the window. It was merely a coffee-shop, with some cups and saucers aud a few muffins, teacakes and other -comestibles iu the window; but what had more attraction for me than anything else was the welcome legend, ' Good Beds,' painted in black letters on the lamp over tbe door. I hesitated no longer, but pushed open the swing- doors and entered. My first glance round showed me that the place was oue much frequented by foreigners ; and when thecifetier himself came down the moid to inquire my plea sure, I saw at once that, whatever else his nationality might be, he was certainly not an Englishman. My wants were simple — a chop and some coffee. I put the question of bed aside for the present, till I should have seen more of the place and its frequenters. The eafetier answer ed me with much politeness, but in veiy broken English, that my requirements should be at once attended to, and that, meanwhile — with a comprehensive wave of his hand — the newspapers, English and foreign, were at the service of mon sieur. He did not look much like a coffee-house keeper, with his long grizzled hair, his high bald forehead, his dark deep-set eyes, in each of which glowed a spark of vivid fire, and his thin white hands ; there seemed abont him too much of the air of a man of breeding aud education for Bach an occupation. He was still addressing himself to me, when there was a sadden irruption into the room of a little black-eyed, short- haired. bullet-headed waiter. French nr Swiss most probably, iu a black jacket and short white apron, who, dancing up to me, took possession of me at once, diviued my wants in a moment, and pirouetted off to fetch me my coffee, pending the cooking of my chop, leaving his master extinguished, so to speak, both morally and physically. ' Ah, Jean will attend to monsieur,' said the latter, putting his hands to his sides and straightening his long thin back. ' Jean, he is a gcod fellow, and will make mon- eienr comfortable.' And with that he lounged slowly away to a small counter at the upper end of the .room, behind which he seated himself, and became at once immersed - in the perusal of some foreign journal. I was Btill iookiog at faim; sitting with my arms folded over the table, when my eyelids closed unconsciously, and 1 dropped asleep as T isat — bat only for a few moments, for Jean was quickly at. my side with the coffee and a roll, flick ing aome imaginary crumbs , of the table with his serviette as a polite way . of arousing ma A draught of coffee im parted new life to me for a time, and I could afford to look round with some degree of curiosity. In all, there were about a dozen people in tbe place. Two or three customers got op and went away, while, others came in and took their places. .Others there were who seemed habitual frequenters of the place, aud sat playing 'draughts or dominoes, smoking their- cigarettes, and sipping at their coffee or chocolate between times. Only one here and there was English ; the of various types and nationalities, bnt all readily recognisable as snch even to my untutored eyes. Nimble-handed Jean was equal to the requirements of each and all. . Seated at one of the narrow tables on the opposite side of the room, and facing the door, was a man who took my atten tion more than any one there, the eafetier excepted. He was a full-cheeked, heavy- browed pisu, not tall, but strongly built, and with something of that added cor pulence which so often comes with middle age. He had . close-cropped iron-gray I T_ MaLSal. —C. — « 'Ant ISIVA A Hth IT oHlKKlti fiair, wuiuu tsiiuifu uut um at s«iu in eveiy direction ; but bis moustache mid imperial were jet black, and there fore presumably dyed. He had a rather thick aquiline nose, and he wore a pair of gold-rimmed spectacles ; but once or twice I caught a glimpse from his eyes, which were steel-gray in colour, so keen and- piercing, that ' Ins assumption of artificial aid for them seemed somewhat of a mockery. He was dressed in a tightly buttoned black frock-coat, , and wore a wisp of black ribbon round Ids neckj tied in a formal little bow under his turn-down collar. Hia trousers were dark gray in colour, and bis feet were incased in si pair of broad-toed varnished hnntn TTis rather lares olamD hands were white and shapely, and his fil bert nails were carefully trimmed. He looked so superior to the general run " of tbe other frequenters of the coffee-shop whom I had hitherto seen, that he ' had an air pfbeing altogether out of place. He neither spoke to nor wasflddressed by anyone except Jeap, who served him with Us- chbcolate, bnt seemed t immersed in the contents first of one foreign newspaper and then of ' ' «W ' _l .i snMS inn ftOOEuer, ,66TOE U OI Ifiuou jrwo w the table in front of hltn. StIU, -notwith standing hTn' prnming ' i-ij:'T— .everything that . waagoing -pn -around tin, animptesdottWmehow gotposses- tion of rue that riot a man entered or left the place without 'being "keenly scmtinised from behind those gold- rlmmed spectacles, wbffe moretium On<» I had an uJawy«nsciMsueM that 1 wn 'tfaVribject who was being photic graphed by that coldly penetrative gaze. As soon as I had finished my chop, Jean came to clear the table, npOD which I took the opportunity of saying to him : ' I shall require a bed here to night. I suppose yon can find room for me ?' He stared at me for a moment or two in open-eyed astomisbment. Then he said : ' Monsieur iB mistaken. We have no beds for strangers here.' 'Then why have you the announce ment of " Good Beds " painted np on the lamp outside ?' I demanded a little hotly. Jean shrngged his shoulders. ' Ah, that is a mistake — all at once a mistake,' he answered with his strong French accent The Englishmen who had this place before Monsieur Karavicb, used to let out beds ; but Monsieur Karavicb, who has been here but two months, does not No.' At this juncture M. Karavich himself appeared on the scene He had come to ascertain what the discussion was about He put a question to Jean in French, and the latter answered him volubly in the same language. 'Jean is right, monsieur, said the eafetier to me in his broken English, which I had some difficulty in compre hending, and with an air of polite aeprecation. we do not I9t oat beds to strangers. The lamp will be altered to- morrow. I am sorry — truly sorry, monsieur.' ' So am I sorry,' I answered stoutly. ' I am an utter stranger in London, never having set foot in it till three hours ago, aud I know no more where I am than the man iu the moon. Besides, think of the fog ! What am I, a stranger, to do if turned oat iato the midst of it 1 You can surely find me a bed somewhere. I don't care how humble it is — and it's only far one night. Pat yoar head oat- side the door, monsieur, and see for yourself whether on such a night yon would torn even a dog into the streets.' The eafetier spoke to Jean in some language with which I had no acquain tance. Jean replied volubly as usnaL The eafetier spoke again, but this time his voice had an imperative tone in it such as I had not noticed before. Jean turned pale, and replied, not in words, but by turning ont the palms of his hands and spreading wide his fingers. It was an answer replete with significance. Turn ing to me, the eafetier said, in his slow, hesitating tones : ' I will find monsieur a bed. He is a stranger and an English man and claimB my hospitality : that is enongh forFedor Karavich.' I did not fail to thank him. He smiled faintly, made me a low bow, and went slowly back to his connter. When I turned my eyes on Jean, he was scowling at me most unmistakably. What could I possibly have done to annoy the sprightly little man 1 Tbe Btraoger with the gold spectacles pushed away his newspapers and rose to so. Jean helDed him on with his far- lined overcoat, and as he did so, a quick whisper passed between tbe two. Then Jean left him. Tbe stranger put on hia hat, and coming down a pace or two till he stood close by the end of my table, he proceeded to leisurely to button up his coat. I happened to look up, and our eyes met. The stranger smiled, and said in a soft, pleasant voice, in which there was the faintest perceptible trace of a foreign acent : ' Pardon, but I think I heard monsieur say just now that he was a stranger in London. Is that not so 1' . ' Quite a stranger,' I replied. ' I only arrived here three hours ago, and was never in London before-' I was glad to have some one to speak to, were it only this pleasant- voiced foreigner ; it seemed in some measure to take off the edge of my loneliness. Again pardon,' said the other ; ' bnt mnnsienr would naturallv find the foe outside rather bewildering? Ab, your English climate 1 he would be puzzled, for instance, to find his way from this house to Charing Cross, or even to the nearest bridge ; is it not so ?' Faith, you're right there,' I answered with a laugh, ' I have not the slightest idea of tbe locality of this house, nor even on which side the river is situated. Bnt daylight will solve my difficulties in that respect.' ' Ab, that daylight is a great tell-tale,' answered the stranger with . the ghost of a shrug. ' Bon soir, monsieur ; I hope yon will sleep well, and have pleasant dreams.' A wain the sameinscrntablesmile flitted across his face. Raising his hat slightly, he pushed open the swing-doors, aud passed ont into the fog and darkness. It was growing late by this time. Besides myself there were only two customers now left in the place, who seemed still as intent on their gsme of dominoes as they had been when I went in. Summoning Jean, I asked .to be shown to my room. - . - - -I think the bedroom into which I was presently inducted was the very smallest in which it was ever ray lot to sleep, that a tall lanky fellow, nuch as I was murtit well .wonder how his leneth of limb was to be packed away in so small a compass. On taming down the bed clothes, the sheets and pillow-cases, to my countrified eyes, accustomed to the snowiest of linen, looked tar too dingy to be at all inviting. It seemed tome that they had not been changed for a considerable period ; bnt be that as it may, I had no inclination to trust myself into too dose contact with dubious purity. I was tired enough; to deep anywhere, and had there been anything in the shape of an easy-chair .in the mom, I would have made that my couch for the night What I did was to take off my collar, boots, and coat, lie down on the bed, turn op the counterpane over me on both sides, and lay my coat over that Thousands in London that night had a far worse bed than mine. Leav ing the end of candle which Jean had given me to barn itself oat, three minutes later I was in a sound dreamless sleep. chap. n. I awoke suddenly and with a start, having, while In the act of stretching myself, brought my foot into violent contact with oue ofthe railaof the bed. TI.A viatn atinnff (imm llin Klnw v&R; DA a asa JJIM — snsi'p www-. — » r» acute as to put sleep bnt of question for a time, eo . I sat np in" bed and stared aboutme; not that there was anythiug to be Been, not even the outlines of 'the window. Everything ''was " intensely still ; some hours had probably elapsed, since my coming to bed, and no doubt the inmatee.bf the house bad retired long ago. 'The neighbourhood was a qUlet' onh, apparently some distance removed from hny- main thoroughfare, as not even the noise of a passing cab or vehicle of any kind broke the silence —nothing, in fact, save the footsteps of some belated pedestrian, or, ic might be, those of a policeman going his rounds. When my foot became somewhat easier, I lay down again ; but my brain was in full activity by this time, and I fell to musing over what X had seen of London during my after-dark ramble, and to building castles in tbe future. I was as wide awake as ever I had been in my life. As I lay thus, the black silence was broken by the faint creaking of a door, apparently that of the room next my own. Was it merely one of cnose unaccountable noises with which all watchers dating the night season are more or less familiar, or was it caused by human agency ? It was probably the eafetier or Jean stealing quietly up stairs to bed. I had no means of even guessing the time, and instead of being asleep for hours, as I had imagioed, it might not be much past midnight- Barglara would hardly care to visit so poor a domicile; still, it was just as well I had shot the bolt of my door before getting into bed. Bat, hash ! what was that I Footsteps passing my door, and then softly ascending the upper flight of stairs. Some one was certainly moving auuui luk nouse. ddi for what pnrpose ? And now, there was the sound of more footBtops following the first. Dead silence for a few moments, and then footsteps again, but so hashed and stealthy, that it was only by holding in my breath, and listening with all my might, that I could hear them at alL What could be tbe meaning of pro ceedings so mysterious ? While I was stilt pozzliog over this question and debating with myself whether my wisest plan would not be to go to sleep and trouble myself no farther iu the matter, the door of some room overhead seemed -suddenly to be burst open, followed immediately by a heavy trampling of feet, then a lond, sharp, inarticulate cry, a pistol-shot, the sound as it were of a brief straggle, and then nothing bnt the low stern tones of some one who seemed to be giving orders or instrnctioDS, and after that, a minute later, silence again tbe most profound. But I was ont of bed by this time ; and groping my way to the door, I poshed back the bolt and tamed the handle, expecting, of course, that the door would open withont difficulty ; but it refused to yield to my efforts, aud a moment or two sufficed to convince me that it was fastened from the outside. I pulled at it with, all my streDgtb, and then made out that it was merely held by a rope, which, yielding slightly to my efforts, left a space of a - couple of inches be tween the door and the jamb. Planting one foot firmly against the wall, and pulliog open the door with one hand as far as 1 could, I felt in my pocket with the other hand, fnnnd mv knife, and opened it with my teeth ; then, pnshing the long sharp blade through the space between the door and tbe jamb, I cut through the rope that held me prisoner. A moment later, 1 had bounded up the stairs, and had burst into one of the upper rooms, guided by a narrow fringe of light which shone from under the door. The sight that met my gaze was a strange .one. The room was of con siderable size ; and seated on the edge of the bed, and only partially dressed, but bouDd and gagged, was the eafetier, while no great distance away stood a group of five men, in one of whom I at once recogaised the stranger with the gold spectacles, although he wore no spectacles now ; while another was Jean the waiter. The other three men I had navTAp fio mvr Irnritwlorlcro coon hofnrfl fn the middle of the floor a revolver lay uobeeded. The eyes of all present turned ou me like lightning, as I burst into the room. There was a moment or two of dead silence, then the stranger, whom for the future I will call M. Legros, in order to distinguish him from the others — al though be was certainly not a French man — strode towards me with a frown, and demanded by what right I had in truded there. ' By the right which every man has to intrude, when he hears a cry for help and believes there's villainy afloat.' ' Ab, bah I yon talk like a child, he answered. 'There is no villainy afloat here, young sir — of that yon may rest assured. We are neither thieves nor eeeanna " Wlint va ant in vmmriaA cerns yon. Since yon have chosen to intrude here, where your presence was certainly not required, you have only left one coarse open to me. You mast take the consequences of your folly.' He spoke a few words rapidly to the three strangers in a - ianguage unknown to me, and before I knew what was about to happen, I found myself seized, gagged, bound, and strapped down to a chair, as helpless as a new-born babe. ' I am somewhat grieved to have to to treat you thus,' said M. Legros to me as soon as I had in some measure rashness has put it out of my power to do otherwise. I may, however, teli you tins for your comfort : no harm shall befall yon, provided you obey implicitly the orders that may be imposed upon' you. But should you make the slightest effort to escape before tbe time comes, when ' I shall be prepared to bid you adieu, or should you endeavour to attract the attention of any one, yon may rest assured that that moment will be the last of your life. I pray you to take my words in all seriousness. Wo are here to do a certain thing, and not a dozen liveB will be allowed to stand in the way of our doing it' His tones were low, but very stern ; his keen steel-gray eyes seemed to pierce me through. I never saw a face on which determination and strength of will were more clearly impressed. He was evidently a man who, whether for good or ill, would keep his word. . I glanced at Karavich. He was deathly pale, but hlB eyes glowed in their caver nous orbits with a sort of gloomy fire, and there was nothing of dismay or craven - dear in the deep-eeated gaze he kani: 41110 Mil anth liii wil ''CSDtOn. """ — — -o— — r Who 'and what was hei What was his crime? - What had be >-dohe' that he ebbuld-be thus seized and ' gagged in the middle of the night in his own house and in „the heart tfof London ? , Then, too, who . and what were Legros said his con federates! I almost forgot my own predicament for' atittle 'while iu asking mysrif these 'and similar questions. Legros and the Others were talking iu I tones that wjBre scarcely isfaed' hbove a whisper. When thus conversing among themselves both then and afterwards, they employed a language with which I had no acquaintance. It may have been Russian, or Polish, or Hungarian. . I have little doubt it was one of tbe three, but which one I did not know then, and I do not know to this day. Suddenly, . Legros, after glancing at his walcb, held up a warning finger, and silence at once fell on the group. They all stood as if listening for some expected sound. - A minute later it came — the slow, heavy tramp of someone passing down the street. Could it be the night policeman gning his rounds ? J ust as the man, whoever he might be, was passing, Legros glanced at the window, and my eyes involuntarily followed the direction of his. The window was shaded with heavy curtains, now closely drawn ; the room was dimly lighted by a single candle only ; from tbe street, even if the night bad been a clear one, the house must have seemed wrapped in darkness. The silence in the room remained un broken till tbe last faint echoes of the footsteps outside had died away. As if this were a signal that had been waited for, all now became activity. Jean fetched my coat, boots, and other articles from my bedroom ; the bonds that fastened me were unloosed, and I was told to at once complete my toilet. A similar process took place with regard to Karavich ; but whereas, when he was fully dressed, his arms were at once strapped down again, in my case, by Legros'.orders, tbe bonds were dispensed with. Both of us, however, were still gagged. Presently, a noise of wheels was faintly audible, which momentarily grew louder aud more distinct A' long dark cloak, the collar of which effectually muffled the lower part of hie face, was hastily thrown over Karavich's shoulders, while a wide-brimmed soft felt hat was placed on 'his head. This done, he was conducted by two of the men from the room, and I heard all three descend the stairs. By this time, tbe vehicle, what ever it might be, the noise of which we had heard, had -drawn up opposite the house. Half a minute later, we heard it drive away, and presently all sound of it was lost in the distance. Had Karavicb been forced away in it? And if so, why, and whither was he being taken ? Bnt scarcely had I time to formnlate these queries in my mind, before the noise of approaching wheels became andible for the second time. A cloak, similar to that in which the eafetier had been enveloped, was now thrown over my shonlders, and the collar tnrned up round my face. After a few whispered words of warning from Legros, I was told to follow him down stairs as noiselessly as possible, which I proceeded to do, the fourth man bring ing up the rear, By this time the second vehicle had drawn np opposite the door. The lower part of the house auu me emu) were in utter uantnesa. Legros took me by the hand and guided me the way I was to go. Some one — Jean, I take it to have been — stood by the outer door, and opened it silently as we drew near ; and so, without a word we three passed outTuto the street The fog had thinned somewhat, but not to any great extent .The light of a lamp on the opposite side of the street showed Uke a faint blurred point of flime seen from afar. A vehicle, which by that dim light, had all the appearance of an ordinary London foar-wheeled cab, with a man seated on the box, was drawn np close to the kerb. So much I was enabled to see, but no more. I was hurried at once into the vehicle ; Legros and the other man got in after me ; the door was shut without a noise ; the win dows were drawn up ; Jean, whom we left behind, said something to the driver ; and a moment later, we were being driven rapidly away. I . was utterly at a loss to know the time ; but, jadging by tbe solitude of the streets, and the infrequeocy with which we encountered any other vehicles, it must have been still very early in the morning. Eveu if the night had b.-en a perfectly clear one, there -was nothing in our appearance to attract the notice of the most suspicions of police men. A cab containing two or three occupcnts at an early hour iu the morn ing in London streets, is too common an object to call for a second glance from any one who may encounter it We were a silent party. None of as spoke after we entered the vehicle. My companions lay back with folded arms and their hats drawn over their brows. Whether they were asleep or awake, it was impossible for me to determine. My thoughts had ample time to busy themselves with any number of per plexing problems before our drive came to an end, which it did, as nearly as £ could judge, in abont an hour's time. We had got off the paved atreeta some time before thia, and were now driving over an ordinary macadamised road. Suddenly we drew up, and the same moment my two companions became on the alert. 'Pardon me,' said M. Legros, as he draw a silk muffler from one of his pockets, 'but it is necessary that I should blindfold you for a. few min utes.' Then he added : ' Do implicitly as yon are told ; have confidence in me, and no harm shall befall you.' Some one outside had apparently opened -a pair of gates by thia time ; we went through, passed forward a little way farther at a walking pace, and then came to a final stand. Before this, the deft fingers of M. Legros had effectually bandaged my eyes The carrisge-door was now opened, and one of my com panions giving me his hand, helped me to alight, and then led. me forward. There was an ascent of three or fonr steps, and then I felt that I had passed out of the cold night-air into the warmer atmosphere of a house. I minute later, my eyes were uubandaged, and, better still, the gag was removed from my month. - I found myself in a laige and elegantly furnished room, lighted by a lamp -on the centre table, and; by candles in the girandoles over the chimnev- mece. A wobd-fira burned cheerfully in the grate. Standing with his back to it, and watching'my lbdk'of amazement with an amnBed, ' cynical' smile, was M. Legros. . - Wewere alone. ; 'I hope yon fed none the worse for yonc little journey ?' . he said. ! 'We shall have a longer one to take presently, so- 1 think -the best thing we can do is to make due preparation for it ' Another . journey f ;-I\i stammered. ' Whan to this Urns C > 1 That yon will learn when the proper time arrives,' he answered dryly. 'And Karavich — will he accompany us ?' I asked. ' Ah, bah ! why trouble yourself about Karavich ?' he demanded, with a contraction of his brows. ' He is nothing to yon, nor you to him.' Then a moment later he added, almost as if speaking to himself : ' But yes ; ce clier \ Karavich will accompany us certaiuly. We cannot afford to leave him behind.' At this juncture, a servant appeared with a tray containing a cold chicken together with other comestibles. This was supplemented by a second tray on which were coffee, wines, and liqueurs. 'Come,' said Legros with a smile, as he sat down on a chair which tbe man had placed for him, ' let as make ourselves what you English call jolly.' Jolly !' I ejaculated with a miserable attempt at a laugh. ' I'm likely to feel jolly under such circumstances as these 1' Why not ?' he demanded blandly. ' Ah, man enfant, when you have lived as long as I have, you will have learnt that the truest philosophy is to enjoy the present while you can, and leave the future to take care of itaelf. Sit, and let me assist you to a wiug of this fowl ; or what say you to this mayonnaise ? It 1 1. - »_ . « , i » luunB as u it mxgav tempt an aucuome. ' I am not hungry ; 1 cannot eat.' ' Foolish boy ! Remember yon have a long cold journey before you. Try, at least, a couple of these caviare eand- wiches.' I shook my head. ' I will take a cop of coffee, nothing more.' M. Legros pulled the ends of hi6 moustache, but made no further attempt to pereuade me ; so, while I sat and sipped my ccffee, he went on with his Bupper — if supper it could be called. He was a quick eater, and iu a few minutes he rose and pushed back Ins chair. After the servant left the room, except for the opening or shutting of a distant door once or twics, no sounds from without were audible. Ineither heard nor saw anything either of Karavich or the others. Bot scarcely had M. Legros riesn from the table, whon once more we beard tbe noise of wheels — the noise as of some heavy vehicle, which, after bring driven slowly np to the house, came to a halt. In the hush which followed, one could bear the pawing of the horses on the gravel and the champ ing of their bits. I noticed that my companion was listening as intently as I was. ' I mast ask you to remain here till I rejoin you,' he said presently. 'I shall nut be more than a few minutes away f and with that he smiled, nodded, and left the room. I had plenty of food for thought dar ing his absence ; but those readers who have followed me tbns far will scarcely need be enlightened as to tbe tenor of my reflections. They were anything bnt comforting. Scant time was, however, afforded me' for perplexed broodines. Presently, a distant door of my roam opened, then came the half-hushed sound of tbe footsteps of several people advancing along tbe corridor into which the door of my room opened, then pass ing- the door itself, end then being gradnally lost in the distance. The men, whoever they might be, walked slowly as though tbey were cariying some heavy burden. A few moments later, I could distinguish the voices of several people talking iu low tones outside the house. My curiosity overmastered my prudence. The room had two windows, both of them having Venetian blinds, now closely shut, and, iu addition, long heavy curtains that reached the ground. Crossing quickly to one of the windows, I stepped behiud the curtain, and then cautiously raising one of the laths of the blind a little way, I peered through the crevice. The sight which met my eyes was one that might well make the blood of a braver man than I profess to be, run cold, the fog had cleared away, and by the aid of tbe starlight, I could just make ont what seemed to me the outlines of a hearse, with a pair of horses, standing a few yards away in the court yard or a space of ground which fronted the house. While I was still staring at this grim apparation, a couple of men carrying lighted lanterDB appeared on the scene ; then I saw clearly that the object I had been gazing at was indeed a hearse, but denuded of its plumes. But scarcely had I time to note this, when a procession of some half- dozen men appeared, walking two and two, and carrying on their shoulders something long, black, and heavy. For one moment I was puzzled, and then the idea Buddenly flashed upon me that the burden that they bent under was a criEo, but not an empty one. "When they came within the dim circle of light given out by the lanterns, it became plainly visible. I could bear no more. I let -the blind drop, and turned away with a cold sick dread at my heart, snch as I had never felt before. Had a murder just been perpetrated under that silent roof, and if so—? A dozen ghastly questions snrged through my brain, not one of which £ was able to answer. A few minutes later I heard, through my halt-dazed senses, the hearse move away a little distance, and a second vehicle drive np and take its place. Then in came M. Legros in his overcoat and hat. 'All is iq readiness for the eecond stage of our journey,' he said as he rubbed his chilled hands for a few momenta over the fire. I did not answer him. He looked sharply at me, and as be did eo, a cold, dangerous glitter came into hie eyes. His gaze travelled to the window, and then came back to my face, and then he mattered something under his breath that sounded like a malediction. He was still bending over the grate ; but when next his eyes met mine, all trace of annoyance had vanished. ' Yon look as white, my friend, as if you had juBt eeen a ghost,' he remarked with that ihscrntable smile of his. ' Yon have gone too long withont food. How ever, there's no time now. Here, drink thia,' he added ; and with that he crossed to the .table and poured out a small glass of eome Bort of liqueur. I took it mechanically and drank it. Then Legros handed me the far-lined JJMIV wn ma hot enA than Via finid yevran. auu uij — wwa w — 'Once more, and- 1 hope- for the last time.' . .'With that he produced the rilk muffler mid - bandaged my eyes ; then taking me by the hand, he led me from thetoom. : (To be concluded in our next ) 