CAULFIELD. Another licniilifitl monilng, Tlie work, which Is getting of a more interesting nature ns the time ap proaches, was commenced bufore six, with Kenneth running n strong <? furlongs ; Master «lohu striding along with him the lust 3 or ! furlongs. Crown Brand followed over the sntue distance for n plim-opcncr, the son of King of tho King moving muiig in gouu siyie, ins stamc coinpamoii, uuui .Shark, putting in a strong round on thu sand. Carnarvon and Eugene rattled along nt a morn- pace for r» furlongs, while Naboeklbh accompanied by uoraldino did serviceable work over tho schooling hurdles. Bonnie laid after cantering moved smartlv once ruuud tho sand. Louise Burta brushed along for 4 furlongs. The IajaferexoieUcd on the tan at a good sharp canter. The steeplechasers Lady Ashton aiul Union- fiulshcd' with somelinlf-pnoo exercise. Hen Bolt Jumped off in front of tho stand nnd put lu a good working gallop once round, Chuckstor striding along with him for a liillo. Western' moved along lor a round for useful work. Anarchy, Laudo, and Warfield were ea<;h des- patehed for nice strong work for five furlongs; The Sussex horse put in n long scn-leeaulo excr- dec. LttUc .Tolm and Jack 6trodo along for half a tulle, when .dim' Cain took up the running running with the Cup howe, thu pair doing a good useful gallop oueu round, both going strung nnd well. King of the West put hi a round or two en the tail, about half pace. Others of this team wurc doing varied exercise. Clarendon, with over Sst up, performed good sound work over a mile and a half, being attended bv Ht. Albeit and Yunng Horatio at dllTerunt parts of the Jouvne.v, the son of Torchlight galloping strong and well up to this. His was tho of tho best rounds of tho morning, and was only eclipsed by .Silvennlnc, who was accompanied by Hnnuio Doon, aecoinnlUhhig tlio best once round that has Jiccn seen lids setuon. Thu hamlsome-looklng son of Najio- Icon moved along In capital style, and fiulslictl well, walking off as sound ns a boll. Charge uud Faithful put in some quiet exercise on the smut. ' Thu Bohcmlnn, looking ns fresh as paint, strodo- once round on the tun. Kpleiirian and Mia Min brushed along In company for half a mile ; ai also did Louis 1 1 ami Alexandra. New York and the Stag put In some good work on the tan, Delamla being treated to mild exercise on' tho enml. Dougalston, accompanied by Cestiu, put in a strong, mile. Gadfly and Empress strode along smartly for half a" mile. . . Grace Darling put hi a round alone for good- striding work, the Ghost, ami others irotng steady. . Albauuu and Codland put In soma useful work In compuny. Footman, First Top, and Borkoley left this morning' to fulfil their engagements nt Ballarnt. l.ord Alien and Highland Chief utrodo along for tlirco or four furlongs. . Camcriuc, looking nlco aud pink, strode along for fivo or six furlongs, ns also did her stablucompanlons, Dnystav und toriioiinum. . Maori Chief, lnaitul, Finee, lottery, Paticnco' Cricket, l'ocahantas, Townley, Umbcrto, Ajax, Ben nett, Hannibal, Borco:;. nnd several others were put through medium uxcrelse. 