11Y AD` 'ETRTLSERS AND OTHERS. T B ·a i+,,s ;;ti ;. .. h i. :t,: i i t j,, t n inll. utes by :, ,utr; photographer. Worod , .:! cal -plit. lT;t ¢ ' 1 .ale t ch, Ihla a: kinow t-edge of , ( ; ; v ,; .. muraf A Int' i: 'pauish dlue ~centletmain's cloak lost ifi the Ieig?ii th urhiod of the market A chelastrinquires, ' Will the gentle man who left his stomach for analysis please cali and get it together with the result ?' Wante , :n accomplished poodle nurse. Wages live dollars a week. Lost a tiooio bruoach representing Voen us and .\titnis on the Drunicondra Road about 1( o'clo.k on T'lueJsday evening. An ad? rtiser, havin: mtade au ad vantagt' t -o plitrhli?is, off:rts for sale, on very low terts,, ' six ilozn? of prime port wine, ite the property of a gentleman forty years of age, fuoh of body, and with a high boqutit. An EiUglishi matriumotuitl advertisement reads follows: 'A young man about 25 years of age, in a very good trade, whose Father will make himr worth -1000; would willingly embrace a suitable MATCH. l1 II has beeti broutght up a dis senter with his parents, and is a sober man.' A laenilady, innocent of tkrammnatical knlowled2e, .uadvertises that she has a ' fine, airy, well furnishitlt bedroom for a gentlemani 12 "let square.' Another has a cheapt and (ldsirable suit of roomus for a respecta,l, family in good repairs. Still another has ' hall bedroom for a fin.:le womIan 8x12.'--Fromn English as She is Hlrote. ***-~-*------------ BaUTr. ATTACK ON A WOMAN.- At WHandsw(orth, Mary Paradine and her daughter, Nora Ashton, were summoned foIbr violently assaulting Miss Annie Nut cher, head nistress of Pentou-street Board Schlool, Nine Filtns. The corm plainant ideposed thait the school was in a very riiu:!gh eighiberlltood, and she had beeny nnoyed by a number of irls a' out 16 yetars of age throwing stones and running t ii out the stairs. On Tuesday she cautght olne :tad ilckedi her up it oune ,of the cla;ss.r.oiusi , inteitlin,: to senrl for a constablC. The otler ir ls went , awy, anld a bout five miinu ttes afterwa rds the defendants rushed in, the older striking; her iun the eace al ktelkit:a her downti. The yougetr defendlant pullel the hair out of ier heat] and kicked her. She was kicked by both defendants, and her body was ibruised. her, assistant came antd picked her up. The youinger woman also thtenttened her. WVitnesses were called to ctinfirtin heor statement. The mother 'Ileged that the complainant used violoien to her tdaughter, and she denied strikiug or kicking her. The youiner ,defendantt said all she did wau to ask the mistress for the keys to open the door to release her sister. Mr. Shiel descrtibied the defendattts as brutes and 8t?., hi. ir he WOoi?i iu.,eh tihtt not to behiave it, that way a:tit. lie orderedl them t, be hit nlrionted for one month, with khui labiotur. An application was imade iyv t:Oe husband of Paratli ie to the magi:tti:: to to iiillict lines, tbut he refused to alter his decision. Almonoist other good stories Mr. Jones told one of Joe Smith the Molrmou founder, who once undertook to rival St. Peter and walk up)n the waters. Not Ibeing acquaintcd with either the saints, or eveni Hatilan's method of per forming this aquatic feat, Joe was in a state of funk when the time for the show arrived, but finally saved himself by ex plainit that to make it a success it was not only necessary that hie should have faith, hut that all preseent must have faith in hlis power as weill. A show of han lds t !ing taken it was foundl that the wholile of his flucek had the requisite be lief; upon which the artful Joe coolly ob served ' As you all have faith in my power, it is no use tempting Providence for a sig,.,' after which hi walkedl off with a rman wl o sai hlie knewr where there watt a drree good iday's fishin'. 'A.othter t"f Jon?s' little jokes tells of the timte wheln the daring Mr. Smith entered the pulpit and ldelilerately an nountcd thut 'lThe iioly Ghost would (descend on his thead in the foIbrm of a dove.' Every onim imrnedially gaped in silent awe, hut asi no dove put in anti appearance Joe tmade the same announcemenlt in a lo00 dt tone. This was repeated for the f1 , it i...., h ,,,, ,till ....,...... . .r...)..... .. not at the sixth declaration a trap door, just over tha pulpit, opened, and instead of the milk-white dove a coal-black dl:arkey's hlard was poked ':own, and the owner yelled " Massa I gIu.s dat dar 1-i ?lv GCoSt bui.lness wnil't kim off terday. Der dam cat lhes gone an eat dat pidgeon.' And yet, even after this fiasco, the iniser able mui.lheadl held on to their belief in artful Joe and Mormonism. ' We woIme,' says George Elliot, 'are always in danger of Ihving too exclusive. ly in the affectioms ; and thu b;l our effec tions are, perhapsf the best gifts we have, we ought ils.) to have our share of the rmore iundependeint life-serne joy in tlhint for their on ,, ..,;. It is piteous to sce 'lt hellplesstness of come sweet w,mnici whcu their affections are disap pointed -because all their teaching has been that they can only delight in study of any kind for the sake of a personal love. ''"They hive never coitelr plated an indilteliden, t delight in ideas as anii exper ience hl ich they coOld confess without being iauhed at. Yet surely women nee:l thli sort of defence ngai nst passion. ate nfllietion even more than imen.' Print- anid Ptbhlished bs JOIHN GAT LS, so pro prietor, at his Steam .'rintting lYorks, Rutledge Street, Queanbegan. 