THE BOARDING-OUT SYSTEM. The Rev. Mr. Honner has written UB a letter, printed elsewhere, in which he expresses an objection to certain plain language used by us in dealing with his former epistle concerning the Boardingout Society. We do not know that we can better defend ourselves than by appealing from Mr. Honner as defendant to Mr. Honner as plaintiff. " I have been accused," he said in his former letter, " of using hard words. My excuse is that the case is hard." It is very hard and most unjust that a gentleman in Mr. Honner's poEition should make charges asaiuBt a system without taking the trouble to bring forward a single proof of the truth of his assertions. We want plain matter of fact. If Mr. Honner knows cases in which children have been ill-used, why does he not make them known ? He says that the State children are half-starved, ill-clothed drudges. Is he prepared to give instances 1 He has "taken upon himself to defend the case of the poor destitute children does he think to do this by making assertions which, for all the public knows, are unfounded 1 His letter this morning is in no respect more satisfactory than its predecessor. Not a single instance is given of cruelty or unkinduess. It is full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. If prejudice could be taken for argument, and obstinacy could be reckoned as a logical proof, Mr. Honner would be unanswerable. As things are. however, it is required of people that they prove their statements, or else that, finding they have nothing to establish, they keep silence, even from hard words, though^ it be pain and grief to them. It appears from Mr. Honner's letter that his ancient friend Diooysius—" who lived before Christ"—was dragged into the business because Mr. Honner looked among the heathen philosophers for the advocates of the boarding-out system. Their ideas of caring for destitute children were peculiar, and Mr. Honner has, strangely enough, omitted to mention whether his search was successful. Possibly he was about as successful as we were when hunting through his letter for some signs of an argument or some vestiges of a proof. There was an intolerable deal of sack, but not one poor halfpenny worth of bread—plenty of vigorous vituperation, but not a ghost of a coneiete instance. We should like to aBk Mr. Honner two or three plain questions. Has he ever drawn the attention of the Boarding-out Society to cases of alleged cruelty ? If so, has the Society ever refused to examine into the cases ? Did he ever make random statements about the boarded-out children, who were found, upon examination, to be happy and contented and devoted to their fosterparents 1 Was the head and front of the " ill-treatment" of a boarded-out girl the fact that too much attention was paid to her. Did he find fault with a boy's fosterparents because they gave him too little work to do ? We ask these questions simply because answers to them would show clearly enough that Mr. Honner's attitude towards the boarding-out system is founded on an inveterate prejudice, and maintained by an unthinking obstinacy. We know very well that Mr. Honner .has been always finding mare's nests, and making much noise about them. One could pardon this, in so far as it proceeds from an honest desire to do what appears to be duty; but there is no excuse for a man who will persist in the face of iactg in thinking that a mare's nest is not a mare's nest at all, but something worthy of the attention of reasonable beings. It would ill become us to question the theological dicta of a clergyman,- but- we must point out that the word " poor" in the passage of Scripture which we quoted the other day has distinct reference, pact Mi. Honner, to the poor in pocket. And, whilst we are on this subject, we should like to know how .Mr. Honner proposes to prove that " the crabbed philosophers, the writings of the Holy Bible, the experience of the world at all times, and the history of the boarding-out system will prove the truth of my statements." But there—it's no use asking Mr. Honner for proofs. If it were we should ask for more convincing evidence than the testimony of all the philosophers—<3 reek orJawish who lived before the boarding-out system was introduce^. Mr. Honner's latest discovery is that the Destitute Commission is no authority on the matter of boarding out. " This is too much," he says. " The Commission had nothing before tbem but the statements of those interested in the promotion of the boarding-out system; the praise was a foregone conclusion." Why did not Mr. Honner come forward as the advomt us diaboli ? If he had such a strong dislike to the system, and if he knew so much bad about it, why did he not ask to be examined in order that he might resist its claims to canonization ? By not coming forward then he has put himself out of court. When full opportunities were given to all who liked to ventilate their opinions and advance complaints Mr. Honner was silent. Did he think that his random statements would not be taken as evidence ? Was he afraid lest somebody who happened to know the workiDg of the system would show the utter absurdity of his opinions ? Or perhaps the Commission was not learned enough to understand how Dionysius—"who lived before Christ"—could be taken as an authority on the boarding- out system. Whatever bis reason he volunteered no information. Here was a man who has taken up the cause of the destitute children, whose memory is overflowing with instances of the cruel treatment of these children, and yet he let a great opportunity of indicating their right to proper treatment pass without improvement ! Months after the whole subject has been carefully dealt with by competent judges, who had concrete cases before them, he comes forward with charges for which he can give no ^rounds. Such a course of action is grossly unfair. Mr. Honner must not let his zeal run away with his sense of honour and fair dealing. Let him at least attempt to prove his charges, and we can answer for it that the Society will use every means to root out the evil. If he cannot prove them he must be taught to know that the right to exercise a sacred function, even when there is honesty of intention, does not confer a patent of infallibility in matters of fact. Charges against a person, a Society, or a Board which are advanced without warrant and maintained without proof come within the category of slanders, be the author of them priest or layman. tST The dreadful massacre of Sparrows at Findon (see Refftittr, September 15) was caused by Blitiis's (Port Adelaide) Poisoned Wheat; (id. packet. 259 G1 