KILMlORE PQOLICE COURT. Wednesday, 3rd November 1886. (Before Mr A. Shuter, P3I.) G. II. Miller was again brought up on the remand for the abduction of Susan Redford. A further re mand for eight days on the application of the police was granted. Constable M'Kee v. Maria Hammond, for using insulting words. Mr Whelan appeared for the defendant, who was not present, and asked for an adjournment, but the Bench decidedto-hear the case. Constable M'Kee deposed that whilst on duty at about 12.30 on the morningofthe 17th defendant came to him and said she wanted him to go into Glennon's hotel as there was a lot card playing tbere. Told her he would not go. She then left saying he was a crawler, and not the clean potato. She also said Sergeant 3'Coppin was a crawler. Watched the place complained of and saw no one come out. She agala came out of her place and followed me up and down the street threatening to report me. T. Todd deposed: Heard Mrs Hammond tell M'Kee at the corner of the Oddfellows' Hall to go into Glennnon's as it was not right to make fish of one and flesh of another. Did not hear her using insulting words. Mr T. J. Rush deposed he remembered the morning of the 17th. Heard airs Hammond tell M'Kee if he did not go into Glennon's she would report him. This concluded the case, there being no evidence for the de fence. Fined £3, and 1is Gd costs. J. Murphy v. P. and J. Fennelly, debt £8 for the rent of a paddock. Order for amount and its 6d costs. Doolan v. It s. Case adjourned by consent for 14 days. The principal race meeting of the year was held at Fleming ton 3esterday, when, in thepresence of about 150,000 persons the New South Wales representative, Mr W: Gannon's brown horse Arsenal (by Goldsborough-Powder), won the Melbourne Cup. The weather was fine, and a most enjoyable day was spent. The programme opened with the Hurdle Race, which was won easily by Blue Mountain, Ocean being second, and Encore third. Pocahontas won the Railway Stakes easily, the I places being filled by Albanus and Toronto. Mr J. White's Sumatra won the Kensington Stakes, followed by Eckereley, who was second, and Mistletoe third. The Cup race was one of the grandest ever seen on Flemington, and after a great effort on the part of Trenton and Silvermine who got into second and third place, was won by Arsenal, Trident, the favourite, .being fourth. Huntingtower won the Nursery Handicap, with Perhaps second, and Bedouin third. The programme concluded with the Yan Yean Stakes, which was appropriated by The Levite, the places being filled by Hog m.nay and Ellington.-" Telegraph," Wednesday. The Spring Meeti of the Victoria Racing Club was inaugurated at Flemington on Saturday, in the presence of an unusually large attendance, which included, in addition to the Victorian vice- regal party, their Excellencies the Governors of New South Wales, South Australia and Tasmania. During the early part of the day the weather was so unsettled and gusty that fears of a sudden change were, entertained; but, although a rather disagreeable wind blew from the westward during the forenoon during the afternoon the weather otherwise was fine. The first event on the card, the Melbourne Stakes, resulted in a dead heat be tween Isonomy and Boolka, with the New South Wales colt, Bra'o, third. The owners of the dead heaters agreed to-run off after the last race, when Iolioray won rather easily after a good race for the first mile. The Hothamn Handicap fell to Claptrap 1ho was followed home by the favorite Hexham and Lancer. The South Australian filly Hortense, by Gang Forward-Josephine, notwithstanding her 141b penalty incurred by her winning the G(reat Foal Stakes at Caulfield on the. 9th ult., beat her field easily in the Maribyrnong Plate, Huntingtower finishing second and Bedouin third. After a moat exciting race Trident won the Victoria Derby, beating Chesham, Aglaos and four others, the win ner afterwards being decorated with a blue riband, in accordance with the custom always observed in New South Wales, and paraded round the lawn amidst the greatest enthusiasm. In the Selling Race the places were filled by Huron, The Ghost, i and Stafford, and an excellent day's sport concluded with the Coburg Stakes, won by Daystar, who was , followed by St. John and Hogmaay.--Age. I A 30oz nugget is reported as having been found at the Teetulpa diggings. There is nothing, how ever, to warrant a rush. On Tuesday the Right Rev. M. Griven, R.C. Bishop of Western Australia, died suddenly. 