THE NEW HOUSEMAID. BY C. R. SIMS. (frum Strits Lsd.: and JJ7site.) )Mrs. Garfovle was terribly worried ab,.,ut her hiousenmaids. She could zot get one that suited her. They came and swent, short and tdil, dark and fair, but not one of them stayed longer than a month. The poor lady spent her days at the rigistrv offices in search of the trea surllhe wanted, but all in vaai. There were plenty of mistresses wanting ser vants, but very few servants wanting "mistrseses, and the few were very parti cular. One y'oung person, who had three months' character from her last place, Mrs. Garfovie liked the look of, but the yiung pcirson came and looked Mlrs iarfoyle up and down, and evidently did not like her, for she turned her head and walked away. MIrs. Garfovle, waiting day after day in the registry office, mnade the acquiaintance of somlle of her conmpanions in mlisfortune, and the mistresses compared notes. All agreed that never had there been such a dearth of domestic servants, and never hail domestic servants been so utterly unfitted for the duties they under took. The old order of things was quite reversed. The mistresses did not question the servants at the office, the servants ques tio-ned the mistresses. Onie day Mrs. Garfoyle saw a like-look ing young woman it waiting, and beckoned to her. "Do you want a housemaid's place ?" "Yes; I do. ,What wages are you giving ?" " S18 a year." "Oh ! How long was your last house maid with you?" "A month." "Hum l Do you change your servants often, then ?" " If they don't suit me, certainly. I have been unfortunate in my girls." " Oh! -18 a year-well ! Is your kitchen in the back or front 1" " In the back." "Ah ! that's bad I 1 suppose there's a housemaid's pantry ?" " Yes, there is; a very good one.' " Ah ! Many in family ?" "Only two--myself and my husband.' "What time do you go to bed ?" "Really," said Mrs. Garfoyle, with rising indignation, " I amn not accustomed to be exaumined like this." "Aren't you, mna'am ? Well, I'm par ticular about my situations, you see, and I don't think your placo'll suit. Good morning !" And with that the young person bounced off, anl MIrs. G-arfoyle turned to the other ladies in waiting, who joined her in a chorus of "W\ell, Inevers!" and "Did you evers !" The next day Mrs. Garfoyle was a little more fortunate. She had almost secured a decent-looking young woman-wages, &e.;, had been arranged, and Mrs. G. was taking the address of the girl's last mnis tress in order to enquire as to character, when the servant said abruptly: "There's one question I've forgotten to ask you, ma'am. Do you have Australian meat ?" Mfrs. Garfoyle did, and she had to con fess the soft imnpeachment. "Then I must decline the situation, ma'am," said the girl. "I only take one meat meal a day, and I'm not going to have that frozen stuff. There ain't no proper nourislhment in it." " It is quite good enough for nme," said the lady angrily. " Then it ain't for me." And with that the girl turned on her heel and walked away. Mrs. Garfoyle had? wastedanother morning at the registry office amid returned serrantless and dis consolate hloice. The worry of housekeeping was begin ning to tell on the little woman. MIr. CGrfoyle was constantly away, she had no one to tell her troubles to, mail the diffi culty with servants was begiuning to tusmake her thoroughly wretched. Never was a woman stlore unfortunate, she thought to herself. Her housemaimdi smashed to dust everythinig they touched, they stepped on their dresses coming uF stairs, and shot the tea-tr'ay, china anid all, from the top to the bottom; they cleaned her brass fenders with scouring paper and ruined them for over; they blacked her steel grates and they rubbed her picture-franmes with a wet cloth, which took half the gilt off. And her cooks were as bad as her housemaids. The roung .oe:o had followers wsho arrived in telays at the area gate after nightfall, the middle-aged ones kept a private gin bottle n the cupbourd to which they paid frequent visits, a'nd they emptied the beer barrel in half its allotted time. 'The old ojies were disagreeable, ordered her out of the kitchen, and had views about the keys of the store cupboard which were diametrically opposed to her own. The cooks who were agreeable could not cook, and the cooks that could cook gave them selves so mnany airs that they were inlsup portable. But at last Mfrs. Garfoyle had succeeded.in getting a cook to suit hler. Her only fault was that sheo was so deaf the poor lady had to shout every order into-llher car through a trumpet, and some times the orders got mixed, and the dinner was frequently more disagreeablo than otherwise. It is a long ulne that has no turnii,s and at leigtlh, after many weary dlays spent at the registry office, nMrm. Garfoylo belioved that shte had secuired a girl who would be just the kind of hiouseilaid she wanted. Mary Vane, the young person, in ques tion hisl attracted tile attention of several ladies biy her neat, conicly, almost lady like appcearance. Shite was sii-and-twentv, she said; shie came from the country, h?ier parents iwere dead, shite had been in ser vice for twro years, and could have a character frotn her last place. ,urms. Garfotyle was fortunate enoughl to bear the prize awray from tll the other competitors. The otly dilliculty abint Mary would be her character, whicll must be a strittce one. 1Ier last miistress lived in Liverpool, and it was rlquite impssible for Mrs. G;arfuiyle to travel downt there for a personal interview. W\ritten chaacetetrs are not deshiabslo with servantls--there is a regular agency for their imanifacturo ; but in this case the girl was sac prolpssessing and so evi dentiy hl,,test thalt thie poor vorried mis -tress dleterumined to risk it. Mary gave the address, and. Mrs, Gar foyle crate. The aiswer eatns ill ctursO of p,,.t, Mary Vasite was evrciythiiu-g that could be desired. Shle hsul left of. her ,ci accord, as aso wished to be it ser vies.in L'cdom, iChere she had friends. Mrs. Grfiuyle was delighted. She had secured a treasure at last, and in due cursO Dlary was Installed in her now ho:ne, and gave every satisfaction. Everything being in order now in. the Oarfoyle household, we cal turn for a mosment to enter into the story of the .natter .and mistress. Mrs. Garfoyle had been married only eighteen months. She had fallen in lure with her husband when lie caine to dino one day at papa's house. Papa: was a wholesale dealer in the City, and John Garfovlo was a traveller for a firmn in the North of England. who supplied the mer chant with some of his good. Mr Gar foyle was about to establish an agency in London on his own account, and lie had oftfered papa excellent terms to transfer his custom to him. The business was ar ranged at a little dinner at the private hous:;e. DMr. Garfoyle was about five-and-thirty -dark, haudsome, well-educated, and his manners were excellent. He was a per feet gentleman. Papa admitted that himself, though there was something about John lie did not like, but what it was lie found it impossible to define. John calme again and again to dinner, for he had established close and advan tageous relations with papa. On Sun days, too, lie was a regular caller. He always made himself very agreeable to the young lady, and presently the old story was told again. The course of their love did not run very smnoothly. The young lady was an heiress to a limlitcd extent. She had a good round sum under the will of a relative, and papa was afraid that the msoney had influenced John Garfovl.'s c.urtship. Still, there was i:o doubt. Johnl was inl a good position, anld Ihad n cx:ellent chance of improving it. Papa knoesw that, and at last, yielding to his d tughters's entreaties, consented to the match. A n:ca little house was taken, and Mr. and iMrs. Garf y:e were happy enouisgh for a time. Then John resumed his old travelling business, and the poor lttle woman grew very miserable over his long absencces. Of course, business had to be attended to, blit business that kept a man away from l:oln for weeks and weeks to gether was very objectionable to a newly. m lrriel lady. Wihen the wedding-ring is getting worn and thin, that sort of busi ness somectimes comes as a boon and a bleasing to a sorely-tried wife. The new housemaid, Mary Vane, had been in the Garfoyle service a week before John returned from one of his trips to the north. . It was dusk when lie drove up to the door, and he had on his travelling ulster, so Mary hardly noticed him as lie passed Sher in the hall, and was received by his Swife with every demonstration of wifely 1 affection. Dinner was at six, and John went straight upstairs to dress. IIe rang for hot water, and Mary took it up and r putiti outside tleo door. Then she went L down and began to lay the table for dinner. It was to be a tote-h-tgte dinner, only Mr. and Mrs. Garfoyle.. When Mary caune into the room with the soup the gas was full on. -Mr. Gar foyle was sitting at the head of the table. H-Ie raised his head as the new Ihousemaid entered, and their eyes ilet. There was a cry--down went the soup-tureen on to the floor of the diningroom, and down went the new housemnaid after it in a dead faint. "Are you better now, Mary ?" The girl had been carried up to ler a roomn, and lay very quiet and still. Mrs. o Garfoyle sat beside her, saiting to ques a tion her directly she recovered as to her extraordinary conduct. " Yes, thank you, ma:'anm-l little." "Are you subject to these - these stranllge attacks " r " No, lla'asn." * " W?What made you faint--hal you been Sfeelitig ill ?" )"Ni, ma'am, it was the shock." "Shock !--what shock 1" "' The shock of seeing the ms?mster. I tholughtl it was the ghost of my deald hus a band." Mlrs. Garfoyle looked at the girl in a blank amatnemeut. " Your deatd husband ! Youi never told mise you were a widow." " No, mla'aml ; it was very wrong of me. I know I ought to have told you every r thing." S" Tell me now." 3 Little by little the girl told her asto nished muistress the strange story of her y life. Ii Mary Vane was the daughter of a s small tradesman in Liverpool. She fell a in love with a gentleman she nmet one a eveinme accidentally in the streets, and ishe walked out withl himn. She wanted to take hii home and introdluce hli to, her father and mother, hut lie objecttd, I urging various exuses l; but it was quite understood between the girl anid himself that they wer engaged, andl would lie inarried in due course. ()One everlisi, her lover, who was knownll to her as Jlohin Glover, met her, and told hsr that lie was engaged to annthierlady, the dalsnlhter of his employer, bult he did not loIve her. If it were known that was going to msarry somnolone else, hl would diisclhmared frohl I his situation and be ruined. If Miary \- would imarry Ilim secretly it couhld be f done, and by-andl-bye, when lhe li:l made n a business f;r himself, as lie intended to, their secret msight be knolsu, anm it would not niat ir. SThe girl was smitten with her haindsome lover, andl at Isst consellsled. (i!over lllade all the arnmIlollne~tllclts, tigl they wcre s iarnied by licence ii thle pirescies of only the otnv-,llpeler and thie vsrger, who were I thie witnesses. TMary lhad acceptetd an insvilatisi t,, louthport fromi sime frienis, anid thither Stie r e'i'ly-Icrried col ple prIceeldedi for Sthe r honynlo, - the friiends keeping -her secret for heIr from her f:alsil'. In a week Johi left her, having tl travel for tile firm. Ile was r-,- a nIlllth; tlhel lie iletillrnledl, ant agaill tlhe onrl met Ilsin at Southport,a:sd st; slyed with hin is it wife. Soi thinga weict on for a year, and the', her father Ieing dead, Jlun thok alirt ments for hut in Literljol, atld they live I tgethers their cimpli,,liship ,onlysh biing !,rist --a when John sielt nit Isis colnllllczral journlcvs. C i)e dai isilsa':ul, the girl cuontlinued, "sny hlus iiil left sue IsO gil tIi ion Ieioss. lIe irosthe sue tlie lsslul Isa alils a sioinTi.s It iars his last letter; I hIcve it im 51y box now, andl you shall see it. Tlhe next I hearl was fuomu a friesld of lily husbansd, isnforsing "me tlhat they hail hbeen down to Brighton together from Saturday to IMondlay, that they hld.ul gone out is a boat to bathe, andl that mivy ime. banld must Ihavi been seized with thi crnunIp in tile sea, for li went down nild hIis hbody was never founld. s The gentleman senut mei my hulsband's clothes, "sil his vatchl, and sosme papers that wereo in hIis hxckets. The - little money I.ladt was soon goue,. and .1 hIld. to Io Ecmrthinlg for a living, and we t iilt service, ma'am." " And vor- lh;usbaind, was like mine 1" said 'Mrs. fiarfyle. " Very like ma'an. It gave se such a turn, I fainted de:el away. It's a wonder fill resemblance." " That letter-the last your husbahd sent voni-where is it " " In my hox there,- ma'am. Just under the lid is my workbox-it's open von can take the letter out. It's in that envelope. I keep it in that to take care of it." Mrs. Garfoyle took out the letter and opened it. One glance was enough, and then it was liher turn to faint. The last letter from the husband of the new housemaid was in the handwriting of Jolin Garfoyle. As soon as she had sufliciently recovered herself Mrs. Garfoyle staggered down stairs in search of her husband, or the man she siul)lipsed to be her husLband. She hadb not yet fully realised the horror of the situation. She hald avague ideas that John wsuld expliu. She could not bring herself to see all at once that the, now housemaid was the mistress of the house, anud that she was only the mistress oft the new housemiaid's husland. Il,-r face was as white as death, and slhe trembled violently ; but she braced her self up a little as she ofuened the dining rilnl door to confront John with the fatal letter in her hand., l. It John seas not there. - Mrs. Garfoyle rang the bell, and the cook answered it. " Iave you heard Mr. 'arfoyle go out ?" "I heard the front door bang-to about a quarter of an hour ago, mna'aml." Ms's. Garfovle looked in the hall. IIer husband's hatl and overcoat were ilot there. He hald gone out, and she was left alone to wonder what on earth she should do. She sat down in the arma- chair by the fire, and read the dreadful letter again. Then she began slowly to realise the full meaning of the situation, lHer husband \--the iman who had iarried hler-lhad comutmitted bigamy. He had deserted'his wife, the housemaid up stairs, and led her to believe that lie was dead in order that he might marry a woman with isoney. Yes, thst was what John wanted -her inuey. 'Papa was quite right when lie usrl to say so. Mrs. Garfoyle read the letter again. " My dear little Wife,-I hope you are better thau when I left you, and are not worrying yourself about ime. I hope to get i.miy Isiness done in about three weeks, and then I shall see my pet again. P'erliaps some dlay I shall not have to travel so mucht, and then we shall be more together. I iam pretty jolly, but rather overworked. I mn goiing to riun down to Brighton from Saturday to Mion day for a change, with a friend of mine. I hope it will put ue right. With love anlu kisses to mily darling, believe me al ways your affectionate husband, Jonii." It swas Johzs Garfoyle's writing-there was not the slightest doubt about that :and it was just the kind of letter Mrs. Garfoyle was in the habit of receiving herself while John was away on his journeys. And this man had pretended to be drowned--what a horrible villian lie must le !-and tle servant-girl up stairs was his lawful wife. Oh, it was too horrible ! How was it that Mary had not recog nised the name of Garfoyle ?1 the poor lirdy thought to herself; then suddenly she remiembered that Mary had said her husband's name was Glover. If this was so, lie must have been mar ried in a false inme. Was that a legal marriage ? She would go off at once to her father ansd tell Iinm everything. She multst have sonecone to help her. She would not stay another nighlt under Mary's husband's roof. Sile went up stairs to put on her Ibonnet and mantle, and while she was dressing there came a knock at the front door. She listened, and heard someone nd. mitted. Who was it ? - It was Jolio himself. He asked the cook a question, and tiher came straight up stairs and knocked at hle bed-room door. She opened it, and faced him indig nantly. " 1 wonder you dare-" she began Then shie noticed a look in his face shicl checked her. " My dear girl,,' lie said, ' there is t gentleman down stairs I want you ti see.")) "LWhat for ? I won't see anyone." "Yes, you will. This gentleman will explain to you something you ought to know.l" " Oh! lWhy have you been out? I suppose you recognised that vwolman I" " Yes, I did." \- " You recognised her as your wife - your deserted wife. Oh, you wicked wretchi! You - married me knowing all the time you had a wife lisinsg. Go away I I won't speak to you. I will never see you again. I shall go to my father to night and tell himn everything." "John Garfoyle bit Isis lip, and his face grew a little paler than usual. " Come down stairs first and see this gentleman, and then you shall say what you like."' "Who is lie 1" "lIe will tell you himself. Comio 1" 1Rtluctauntly Lrs. Garfoyle consented. Somsething in Joln's mannser reassured hlier. The letter was in Joli's lhandwriting, and if hlie halnd made up any story to deceive hlier she would confront him wvithl that. A tall, mIilitary-lookini man was seated in tha diuiug-room when Mrs. Garfoyle and hlier hluslhand entered it. lie rose aud iIowed politely to the lady. Johli introduced them. " My wife-Mr. Hartopp. .My dear, this is miy friend sMr. Hartopp, tile head of iine of the oldesestcstablished detective agencies in LIsI:Lin.. I have 'been very fortufiale in findiug Ihhn at home, for lie will give y'oiu the explanation you have a right to asck. He knows miy story aund the story of the girl up stainr." 'lcThen you do know her." " Yes, uifortunateCly bu lt Ulet ITartopp tell you all about it. I placed the case in lis lhandls before I married you, and lie will tell you all about it better than I cll." MItr. Hartopp glanced frosm hlsband to -wife; then gave a little preliuminary cough, and began : " It ses about four years ago, siadani, Sthat your lusboaud placed Isis c-ise ms isy hIainds. It was a peculiar oeis for mniusy reasons. It the first placo lie had nuuiirried a girl in Liverpool in tile nanme of Glovrci, ' bclieinig thati to b-e his- right name, as lihe hlualways been known by it.. lHe. ihad alivays.believed thalt his mothk o was.tthe :widopw of a Jolm Glover. On her 'death-. bed she informed that she lhad.ne verbeen married to Glovcr, as she was-'a married woman separated from her husband, and that h]r real husband was a Mr. Garfoyle wh, had died many years previously, aundl consequently the son's namse was Gar fonle. " It was while I was investigating the circumstances of his mother's marriag, and trying to find out who the late MIr. Garfoyle was on eour husband's behalf, that I had occasion to visit Liverpool, and there, by the merest accident. I alighted on some information concerning the young woman who then called herself Mrs. (loever, and whose name previously had been Mary Ann Barton." " You mean the girl up stairs-thel girl who calls herself Mary Vane 1" asked Mrs. Ciarfoyle. " I mean the wonmatiyour husband tells me is :tow your housemaid ; if she calls herself Mary Vane the antme is an as aunled one." " Let -Iartopp go on, my dear," ex claimed MIr. Garfoyle, " I'm anxious for you to hear the end." The private detective gave another little cough, and then continued his narra tive. "Searching for the registration of marriage of Mary Ann Bartotn I found it, lbut I found it two years previous to the date your husband had given me, and I found tile name of the husband to be Charles Spence." Mrs. Garfoyle uttered an exclamation of surprise. "Later on I found the registration of the marriage of Mary Ann Barton with John Glover." " My husband !" "Your husband, ma'am. I folltowed up a certain clue, and I found-- what 1 That at the time your husband tmarried this girl she had a husband living." " Living !" "Yes, but in a lunatic asylum. IiHe was hopelessly insane, and the twomuat knew he would never come out to trouble her. She 1ajd let your husband fall in love with nier and marry her, knowing herself to be a married woman." "t Bt t he story site has told me-about John being drowned, about a secret marri age, about her being married from her father's house ?" "Lies!" broke in John Garfivle. "The girl was a liar fromt the first ; I found that out soon after I married her." " But this letter t" Mrs. Oarfoyle produced the letter, and held it before her husband's face. He 'took it and read it attentively. "That letter," he said, " was written a month or so after our marriage. Assoon as 1 found out Ihowu I had been deceived I gave her a sum of money and left her." " But you should have prosecuted her for bigamy. You should have h1ad tihe marriage annulled." "I dlidn't prosecute the girl for higaumy because I didnlt't want to drag my private affairs before the world, and there was no necessity to have the marriage aunulled, so I was advised, as it was never a valid marriage, and I was perfectly free to marry again. When 1 met you and fell in love with you, my dear, I was a free man. Why should I drag nmyself awil tmy antecedents througbt the law courts" Such was John Garfoyle's explanation, backed up by the evidence of his friend, tile private inquiry agent, and Mrs. Gar foyle was satisfied, and agreed that the secret of her husband's past should be kept to themselves. Only she deter mined to consult a solicitor, to see if John was right in his conclusion that his former marriage did not need aunnulling. The next day Mary Vane left the hdose with a sum of money which Mrs. Garfoylo gave her. It was explained to her tlit the accidental likeness of Mr. Garfoyle to her late husband would renider the place an undersirible one for her to retain. She went without a murmurt. It was not to her interest to make a fuss-it certainly was not to the Garfoyles'. -They never heard of her again, and tie only incon venience that resulted was that Mrs. Gar foylo lhad to spend another weary weuk at the registry office in fiuding "a new housemaid." 