CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. A gold, boisterous, wet week has been passed with very little prospect at present of any change. Trainers have been working under difficulties ; lieverthlese, & good amouut of wo:k haa been done. Ths hordes engaged in the aieiDonrne uap nave been moving along over two miles. Ou Thursday and Saturday (he Cap winntx, Ben Bolt, accompanied by Western and Lando at different stages of tbe jonrncr, put in a good working gallop for two mile?. Tuesday witnessed a similar performance. Be is looking the picture of health, and bis friends are very eweet ou his chance for tbe big event. Little John on 8atnrday did a good sound gallop oyer the Cap distance, King of the West being his companion for the first mile or so, Jim Cain completing the distance. Little John moved along better than 1 have seen him since hie Geelong victory, finishing strong and well. He baa done a lot of good naif pace on other occasions. He is in grand form, and, with his weight, must take alot of beating. SUvermine has not been letting tbe graaE grow under him. Saturday, and again on Tues day, witnessed him perform a useful two-mile working gallop, Bonnie Boon and Sirocco taurine him nampfany ovprpurt. of thft disf-Jinee, and is all tbat his friends coold desire as far as health goes. He does bis work freely, and has improved (if there was any room for it) since his defeat, bie work on other days being of a gcod, useful description. Highland Chief was despatched on Saturday and this rooming for a nice striding gallop, Blondin being his companion part of the journey. I have no doubt of his staying the Cup distance, and a well-bred four-year-old, with 6at., he should not he overlooked Duiiug the week he has been kept at good, suitable work, and, on the day, will 6trip as well as anything from here. The Bohemian ran a useful two-mile working gallop on Saturday, Goedwood bearing the Metropolitan winner company tbe last mile. He has been very dotty since Sydney, but whatever it is from.be soon forgets it when set going ; bis stable companion, New York, has been absent during the week. Clarendon and Young Horatio have been putting in some good striding work on tbe tan, which suits the latter admirably. The Ghost put bis foot through the iron fence at the back ot tbe ecraping shed one day during the week, but fortunately escaped with a few scratches. Hot Iron, Crane, Lithologist, Millstream, Robinson— Dagmar colt, Gadfly, aud Grace Darling have Men restricted to quiet exercise- This morning (Tuesday) ths latter moved along a bit the best part of a mile. Newmaater, accompanied by Gssborner the last six fnrlongs, has done strong work over a mile . Kobai. Ambassadress, Lando, and Warfield have been brushing along for six furlongs. Camerine has done good work over a mile, and is looking well; Baystar and Dexter have been exercieiug the reverse way over six and Beven furlongs for nice, stridiog work.( Kenneth, Master John, and Beckwith have each been put through medium to half pace exercise. Dougalston and Bpicore&n; have been brush ing jaloug for four furlongs, tbe former doing nsef ul work over a mile alone. Mia Mia aod Ihe Wave from four to fire f urlonga good striding work. Lady Lovell and Glentworth, Maribyrnong candidates, have also been sent over the dis tance at a good strong pace. Lady Asbton, Union, and Bonnie Lad have done long, medium work, finishing with a good pipe-opener once round. Louise Breta and Carnarvon have travelled in company for five furlongs at a merry pace. Upper Crust and The Loafer were com panions for some useful work over four far- Meleagrida and Beelzebub were doing half pace work on the sand. Geraldine and Lord Sutton mild exercise. Pocahontas moves strongly for six furlongs Her stable companion, Townley, has been doing good striding work on the sand. Umberto been moving along for four and five furlongs. „ Footman and First Pop a mile for good work. . Cadland and Berkeley medium won, finishing last four furlongs sharp. Cestus good work over a mile. Preston is still an absentee. Julian Gray and Nectarine cantering and sparringa four furlongs. Victor. Waiter, and Mormon useful prepara tory work oa the sand and tan. Greculue FiffnripnB long, good striding work. Amateur, who cut his Teg rather severely at Elsternwick a meeting or two ago, is again in strong work. . . _ Jack and the Hamlet colt have done long medium work _ ...... «. Carrington, a colt by Lspidjst, u in quiet Cricket and Patience have bean ragnlar attendants for tome medium to good half-paoe exercise on the tan. « - Kohti agate changed his place ok abose, having, after Moonee valley, been put m L Fouleham'i oars. _ _ , Tbe Chanter has gone to F. Inge, who also has lately taken charge of Phmbe Walton. Hazard has joined Butty's tew. I was misinformed last week as to the addi tions to Kelly's string. Contingent bad notlelt his old quarters as reported. . , Mr. Thompson has returned to Flwningtoa with Toronto, ElliogtoD. snd Haveiock. Zeno also left during the week. Doyle leaves with Clarendon, 8t Albert, and tftnri Chief. Young Horatio will remain at Oaulfield. On leaving the course I heard that Bohemian bad met with a slight mishap In his box, which accounted for bis absence from the track this morning. 