PARLIAMENTARY AND MINISTERIAL PROSPECTS IN ENGLAND. (vnoM ona OWN coRRESPONDENT.) LONDON. OCT. Mr Gladstone is the unknown quantity in' English politics. After more than 50 years of public life it is impossible to predict his future. The colleague of Sir Robert Peel and the Duke of Wellington has become the ally of Mr. Parnell and Mr. Labouchere, and it is difficult to say what developments and surprises the future may hnA*G in store for him and for us. There are sanguine persons who say that for Mr. Gladstone there is no political future. He survives simply as the ghost of himself. Like Charles V in the Spanish cloister, he has celebrated his funeral while he yet lives. Those who take this view will probably find before long that they have to deal with a very substantial ghost in flesh and blood. Official people-permanent official people are confident, however, that the present Parliament is good for four years longer, and that so long as it exists the present Ministry is safe. Even some of the more elevated of Mr. Gladstone's personal adherents take this view reluctantly but decisively. Nothing can be more; doubtful than this forecast. It is a true that the Conservatives and the Unionist Liberals together form an ample majority, and that each party is resolved to do nothing which shall alienate it from the other. But resolutions are more easily made than kept, and circumstances are stronger than party leaders. Lord Hartington, Mr. Goschen, and Mr. Chamberlain do not conceal their resolution never to take office again under Mr. Gladstone, and never to take any action which by defeating the present Government shall give him the opportunity of returning to power. Of course they have a great ally. Time, which in the Irish Church debate, 20 years ago, Mr. Gladstone declared to be on his side, has now deserted to the enemy. The advancing finger of the trial to which he then pointed, with almost every forward movement brings perceptibly nearer the end of his career. The opportunities which others can wait for during years and decades, depend for him almost on Averted and month?, almost on days and hours. A slight and neglected illness, or a permanent failure of the voice, which has more than once given way Mr. Gladstone suffers, his enemies would say, where he has sinned most-would reduce him to the list of non-combatants. On the other hand, these pro- babilities are not certainties, as Mr. Gladstone's ago is scarcely to be counted by years. So far as strength and capacity of continuous exertion are concerned, he is at this moment a younger man than Lord Salisbury, or even than Lord Randolph Churchill. No doubt men of delicate health frequently live long. Activity in great affairs tends to keep them alive. The most vigorous old age may suddenly break down. i All these are chances with which speculation may amuse itself, but on which practical politicians will place little score. The one thing to be noted is that the Unionist Liberals have made up their mind that so long as Mr. Gladstone remains in public life, or even has retired from it under conditions which will allow of his returning to it, it is essential that the Conservatives should remain in power. They propose, but another power will dispose. The alliance of Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Parnell ranges against the Unionist forces on either side of the House, the two most consummate Parliamentary tacticians which this generation has seen. When Mr. Gladstone was in the bitterest antagonism to Mr. Parnell he did not conceal the admiration which he felt for him as a Parliamentary leader. He used to say that he would make a first-rate Chairman of Committees, on the principle on which the thief makes the best thief taker. Mr. Parnell had made himself master of the forms and rules of the house with a view to evading them and if he were ever enlisted on the side of Parliamentary order, that knowledge would be invaluable as the condition of enforcing them. As for Mr. Gladstone, he has probably during half a century spent more time in the House of Commons than under the roof of any other building, for his private residences have changed in town and country. He has probably spoken more to successive Speakers and Chairman of Committees than to the same number of any other persons. He knows the House of Commons materially and morally as well as the oldest London habitual knows his club. Every corner and plank in it is familiar to him. He understands with it and feels with it, as a consummate musician understands and feels with the instrument on which he plays, and which in his hands becomes almost a living thing. Though, slightly to alter Hamlet's phrase, he gets it, he can play upon it. Besides their skill as Parliamentary tacticians, Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Parnell have another point in common. Mr. Parnell is practically the dictator of Ireland ; Mr. Gladstone is scarcely less the dictator of Scotland, Wales, and a considerable portion of the north of England. Nothing will be easier than for these two men to find, and force to a vote, some question on which it will be impossible for the Unionists Liberals and the Conservatives to vote together, The new constituencies have had great re- forms dangled before their eyes. Splendid prospects have been held out to them of the material and moral benefits) which were the results from the Reform Act of 1882-3. They will soon be discontented with a Ministry of affairs merely a Ministry which shall exist merely for the sake of maintaining the union with Ireland, and keeping out Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Glad- stone may easily create a feeling out of doors in favour of some change, on which he and Mr. Parnell may agree, which will force the hands of the Liberal Unionists, who, anxious as they may be to keep Mr. Gladstone out, will be still more anxious not to be turned out themselves at the next general election. It is quite possible, therefore, that in the very next session of Parliament, or in the session after that, a number of votes may be detached on some dexterously selected question to put Lord Salisbury in a minority, and to lead to another appeal to the country, in which the real issue will be Home Rule in some form or other. Mr. Gladstone, when the moment for action arrives, will have no difficulty in finding another Mr. Jesse Collings to pull the chestnuts out of the fire for him, though that burnt child is not likely again himself to repeat the feat. These tactics may be successfully combated. There were doubtless good reasons for Lord Hartington declining to join an administration, soon as its ostensible head, the majority of whose members, and of whose supporters; in the House of Commons would inevitably be Conservatives. He could not have been the real chief of such a Cabinet The commander of the largest contingent of the allied forces would have been commander-in-chief, Lord Randolph Churchill would have been a difficulty on the Treasury Bench in such a combination, and he would have been a still greater difficulty in his old place on the front bench below the gangway. But the present arrangement will prove, with difficulty, manageable. Lord Salisbury has consulted Lord Hartington on the most important questions both of home and foreign politics, as they have arisen, and has arrived at an understanding with him about them. The same practice will doubtless be continued in the future. But it is open to grave objection. It gives Lord Harrington, while ostensibly a member of the Opposition, the authority without the responsibility of a Minister of the Crown, and in this respect is open to grave constitutional objection. It vitiates the principle of Cabinet Government, by which certain selected persons, who are known by name to the public, and of whose meetings a public record is kept, are recognised, and exclusively recognised, as her Majesty's confidential servants and advisors. Again, without being members of the Cabinet, Lord Hartington cannot be so minutely and continuously informed of the whole course of events as to give authority to his judgment upon them. The only way out of these difficulties lies in boldly con fronting those other difficulties to which reference has been made, and in giving effect to a Parliamentary alliance by a Ministerial coalition. At present it is doubtful whether the Liberal Unionists as a party would follow their leaders in this step AVOID taken. But it is possible that in the course of a session or two the necessities of the position may force the course upon them. Having acted together in Parliament, they may find it practicable to act together as members and supporters of the same Administration. There are many precedents for this course. A species of elective affinity has, during the course of English history for the last 200 years, been constantly effecting party combinations and severances. The Portland Whigs joined Mr. Pitt in 1798, and it was only the conflict of personal pretensions which prevented Pitt and Fox becoming a little before that date members of the same Cabinet The Whip Tierney became a member of the Tory Government of Addington, to which Grey was invited, and to which TrBkino invited himself Mr Pitt was desirous of including in his second Administration Mr Fox, and all the loading Whigs. Lord Stanhope prints in his Life of Pitt nine stories of the di after this proposed Ministry in Mr Pitt's handwriting the project failed through the opposition of George III who said that he would rather face" civil war than meet Mr Fox The loves addington and I Ellenborough were members of the Vv big Cabinet of GroiiAillo and 1 o\ and but for the exaggerated! personal pretensions of Lord CIIOA and Lord Grenville the long gone 1 of Lord LIA cr pool s tory Administration might have been interrupted by or given place to a mixed Government at once more truly liberal and spoke rationally Conservative, The junction of the VC legs with Mr Canning in 182" an 1 Lord Stanley Sir James Graham and the Duke of I -almond with Sir Robert Peel in 1911 and of the Israelites with the "Wings in the Coalition Ministry of I lines are latest instances of the triumph of real poll I tteal affinities Over artificial basis of opinion , Party government has pi give a great part in English affairs but even in its times of greatest ascendancy there has also been a struggle of reason and conscience against its artificial delusions and prescriptions and at frequent intervals the interest statesman ship and patriotism have Biitcessfulh revolted from it. There are some signs that we are on the verge of such a period now I he learned German professor Dr Guest in his recently pub- wished work on the English Parliament killing a thousand years. -a work remark able for profound learning pure soprano insight and statesmanlike prevision predicts that, pending the advent to power of an extreme Radical party Ave are entering on a long period of coalition Governments and the late writings of Sir Henry Maine and Mr Goldwin Smith exhibited a similar diagnosis of opinion The late Professor 1 UAvcett in invite used freely to Ma of his coin action I don't recollect w whether he ex or publicly announced it-that to a division ofpiittosin England would presently be absorbed into the distinction between SOLMII m of which he was a resolute opponent, and anti Socialism and that what he considered the sounder elements of Conservatism 1 liberalism, and Radicalism would unite to form a party of resistance against communistic ideas and legislation This is not to IA oil ing so far afield as it may seem to bring us the tendency to common among the old pit lies indicated in the combined resistance of Lord Salisbury Lord Hartington Mr C Roche, and even Mr Chamberlain though he has loved wife Socialistic project has found its once ion in resistance to the separatist measure of Mr- Gladstone with respect to Ireland But it derives much of its strength from a di trust of the Soenhstio Radicalism which it is believed to be the great danger of the future and the stamp of which is impressed dearly though finish in much of Air Gladstone's Irish land legislation and which perhaps, union can only to himself, sharpers and colours his ideas and language It is possible that under the influence of some snow A few of the political situation as I have sketched the coin ion between Four called my and Lord Hartington ships icticiUe in 1884 may prove feasible in 1887 or 1888 It is as certain as anything that depends on the judgement of human character and no eyes can be that Mr G editor of will spare no pains to overthrow the Salisbury Admin stration and procure a dissolution of firmament before the combination can be effected He may, find his, opportunity in some mishaps mistil of in the conduct of foreign affairs, or in the reaction of opinion against some measure of to only which it may be deemed necessary to adopt in his mind But if he does not find these opportunities nothing can be easier for so experienced a tactician and so autbontntiAo a popular teacher as he is the to mile others Public open on expects large social and economic reform, the nature and extent of which it has not very distinctly donned to itself and it is po b o that a Consent A native of Ministry may find it difficult to meet public opinion on these joint Mr Gild t no is a master in the art of discovering intolerable thought long unsuspected good ances of devising heroic remedies and con- rt ing both into the rallying point of a disunited party in milk night and no olec'uneenug cry for the ci untiA But here it is just possible that it I old Bun dolph Churchill in IA intent of O accepting Mr Glad stone s principles or even going boAon 1 them In doing so hovAOtildonh be following the Conservative here call it of many years from the time when fair Robert 1 copy nut ed to me an Catholic 1 intimation to the time when Mr Disraeli j a side Household Suffrage and Lord Salisbury passed the To distribution Bill of 1885 giving England equal electoral districts in principle and a close approach to them in practice It is a strict fashion among some of his political opponents to and on late Lord Randolph Lord Randolph fillies its from the distempered Londonderry blood which must in his veins a temper more violent than that of his illustrious ind A venerable antagonist but he is getting it under control!, though even now and then in breaks, lot til with a vehemence the greater In the long suppression But he has clearness of p r ception, and steady purpose, a knowledge of what he wants a distinct idea of the way in which he can best get it and a determination to have it He his shown that he can manage the House of Commons, not in taking it more frequently or more seriously than Mr Gladstone does H the India Office and as Chancellor of the Exchequer he has proved that he possesses not merely that faculty for routine business which is commonly called administrative capacity, but a remarkably quick and true perception of the faults of the machine with which he has had to deal and a shrewd idea of the remedy reined In other words lord Randolph Churchill in spite of his stoiniA beginning in public life and of some political follies and indecencies even shows a fair promise of be coming a real teacher of men both in Parliament and in the country. He may be in the promise he may be in capable of redeeming it but it has been j. IA en It is just possible therefore that Lord Randolph Churchill mix succeed n trumping mv cald AVInch Mr Gladstone may lay, and in comic ling that old P irhamentarv hand to follow, his lead On the question of Home Rule the feeling is growing among both parties that the Imperial Parliament needs to be no lieved of responses They not only for purely Irish affairs but also for affair-. purely English and purely Scotch purely South British, that is to say and much North British, and that the creation of subordinate absolute" not only in Dublin but also m I Edinburgh and in London would leave the Imperial Parliament and Imperial Ministers Lee to deal with the common affairs of the United Kingdom For this purpose it must have the same powers in Ireland as in England and Scotland, and Ireland must be as fully and firmly represented as the sister country to Vv ith almost inconceivable pel versity Mr Gladstone gave an aspect of separation to hisschomoby confining it to Ireland By laA ing down confusing conditions he did precisely the two things which it was essential not to do He broke up the union Without conceding Home Rule It ought not to be beyond the power of human wit to devise a scheme which while maintaining and OAOH strengthening the Parliamentary union shall grant to subordinate assembles in the three countries forming the United Kingdom some such powers as the separate states, cantons, kingdoms and principalities possess in the American and Swiss Republics and the German and Austrian monarchies Lord Salisbury and Lord Randolph Churchill must see the necessity of settling the question, and Bottling it in this sense, which is more or less, that of Mr Chamberlain Even the slower perceptions and the ultimately sounder judgment of Lord Hartington will lead him to the same conclusion "What has to be done had best be done quickly Iho I am piOACib which says that what is done well is done soon enough, requires to be qualified by the proposition that what is done soon enough is done well Such as I have stated them seem to be the various changes and altcinatiAis of the immediate future. They are speculations and probabilities more A, but the future can only be approached through speculations and probabilities, to which the unforeseen Eomotimes declines to accommodate itself. 