TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON. Although matters have livened up somewhat during the weak," the work porforincd each morning has not been ot sufficient interest to call for detailed com ment. However, next week doubtless the pace will be put on, so that a digest of the principal per formances dally will be essential. Honours have been divided for first on the track between Messrs. J. Morrison, U. Ye.-nd, C. L. Macdonald, and S. G, Cook. Of Morrison's team Don Giovan lias shone to most advantage, as in company with All Gold, and being brought home by Ormonde, or the Defoe-Petrea colt in Ycend's stable, he has performed some clinking good gallops up to a mile. Ormonde shapes remark ably well for three furlongs ; but neither St. Odille nor AH Gold has been" thoroughly extended. Menotti, Hret Consul, and Fish o' Silver have been striding sroutly along, the former having a>! the best of a mile and a half gallop on Saturday morning, In which the mile and a quarter 'was negotiated in 2m. 20^8. Remus, Cyclops, Mainsail, Dividend, Marseillaise, and Licdcrtafel have comprised Mr.S. G.Cook's charges on the track, the two former looking specially we'.l, and the whole team putting in useful work. Walter Iiickciibotham has been giving Honey Dee fast miic dashes, Buckley and ldalia being content with five furlong spurts. Essie, Itialto (brother to Bassanlo), and a Diver-Sally Brass colt have exercised more mode rately. Although Mr. C. L. Macdonald is generally supposed to have more quantity than quality in his team, he has proved to demonstration tnat the latter item is not wanting. Early in the week Harridan, Hortonse, nnd the brother to Trojan were riven a half-mile flutter, the former (half-sister to Maa lclina) finishing in front in 5Ssec., a very good go consider ing the track, which is not nearly so fast as last spring, l.ara, The Lcvite, and Trojau were early astir on Tuesday morning, the trio being despatched a mile in the gloaming, of which Creswlck's brother apparently had all the best. Lord Wilton seems to be getting lamer every day, whilst Whisperer has not been in attendance for some days. St. Julian gets through long slow work, Success strides along at half- ' pace, and Newstead is being treated to brisk canters.: J. Tully has Middlcmarch in go;d form, the musician bounding along in a most determined manner.; Scyiia and E.D. have been allotted long strong work, and Liberty three-quarter pacing. J. Nicholson has treated Dm;lop, who is attaining alderinanic propor tions, to strong half-|>ace turns twice round the sand. Mr. S. Horsfall's brace, St. Michael and Nary Blue, have exercised moderately, and will probably take their departure for Caulficld toward-! the end of the current week. H. Chifncv lias not been calling upon Lesbia, King's Son, Margrave, Don Quixote, or fongster to distress themselves, albeit the latter did a bit o! fencing in company with a King Tom horse of Mr. M. R Whitty's on Monday afternoon which resulted in'thc latter sustaining such injuries that he had to be destroyed. Mr. F. K. Dakin still keeps Com motion pottering about. Agiaos and Opal have been working in oompany, but have not exoccded half pace, neither lias The Pencil, who looks in perfect condition. Block Snake seems to be neither use nor ornament; but Bedouin and Citadel promise to ripen into a pair of useful colt-. They have been given some smart half-mile dashes during the weok, Bedouin showing to most advantage. Mr. W. K. Dakin's proverbial bad luck still sticks to hiui, Quiutin Us ts?p displaying signs of rheumatism during the fore part of the week. His two ypar olds are coming on nicely, whilst Trent is also on the im proving side. A very lengthy string have the brothers Cripps, prominent amongst (hem being Duke of AthoL latterly he has shown symptoms of sore ness, but these arc fast disappearing, and although he is very far from being a track horse, be puts in bis work in a manner sufficient to in dicate that he must be regarded as dangerous ere long. Duration has been given half- pace work, and Derision, Yule Cake, Ragman, Dufferin, Wood bine', Sir Samuel, and Midnight have followed the i example. Mr. M. P. Wlittty has been sporting Vascosa, whilst Gazelle, Woolgai, an 1 the half-brother I to Sir Launcelot. have put in serviceable exercise. The I youngsters in T. Coffey's team— Patience, Refusal, and Jebusitc—have been indulged in mild spurts, as ] also Garibaldi; but neither Kaodlus, Kit Hubbies, ! Genoa, Honeycomb, nor Allander have done anything j out ot the common. A. Da vies still confines Maddc lma and Christine to light tasks, the former thriving under the treatment. £ogle Orange, Montiuiua (rarriwell—Emily Faithful), and The Englishman— true Blue colt are rather backward as yet; but not «o old Albatross, who should render a good account of himself in the Hunt Club Cup on Saturday if started, G. II. Head's contingent is now reduced to three— Heticent, Islander, and Desperado (a Vagabond horse). Hcticcnt has be.n doing very good work, and ou Wednesday morning moved along like a piece of machinery. In this respect he but resembles Islander, who does not seem to possess staying powers sufficient to bring him home the fag end of a mile and a half, albeit he can carve out atnile with a light weight uj>, as Arteuius Ward would say, " cknJled by few, and ckceiled by none." 'that is ii one may jndge by his gallop on the sand track on Tuesday morning. Mr. A, U Johnson has also a triumviate in Roderick DUu, Fishing Hod (a three-year-old brother to Olaa, being by Fiseator from Beatrice), and Approval if. ffhoderick Dhu has been putting In long strong work, but the otiicrs have been quietly cantering. Y. ilacXainat* has Edith, Umbra, ana a sister to .The Agent in firot-dass trim, but has not been dusting them along at any pace; nor has J. tang attested Storuoway, Boystcrcr, Verge, or Bugler to go against the watch, although the two latter have spurted occasionally. Tabard, Query, and the Lotbair— Luclna filly traversed a brisk half mile on Tuesday morning ; The Fobber, Lady Hell, and other members of J. Wrlson, jon.'s, team moving along at half pioe. & Mahon keeps wild Dog, Pearlcye, and Sunbroft swuminrr nVni* Anal flan HiMtAJlAMiuoM PlatllSkla II pegging along, and the three-cornered Plausible is LegTun " " "" ~ ~ .tuning to pluok up a littlo. & Floyd lias given Revenge good serviceable work ; and A. F. Smart has Aristocrat so far on the road towards convale scence, that he has been indulged in tnlid canters, U. Gray has Mirth in Up-top feme, and has kont him B. Uray Has virtu in ftp-top iccwe, ana naa xeei mm going u three-quarter pace at intervale during the week. Baldy and Harkaway have also executed good, eound work. Mr. W. Giassoock never had Blackthorn in bettor tig than fae is at present, both be and Abdailah striding along as gaily as three year olda. Uobin looks a good, useful aort of a borse. With undoubted pace and excellent jumping abilities as displayed on Tuesday, lie has put in * good pre Saration, and looks extremely well. 8o, also, do urioeity, Sat*, Chorister, and Blare, likewise under Mr. Glasgoook's care. J, Oripps has had Golden Butterfly spinning merrily over the saiid hack.. seeming all tbe better for his respite. J. Stonn'ell has been looking after Bendigo whilst Malone was in Sydney, and from tbe oorky action and determined style of tbe horse, combined with the oobdiUon be is in at present, be should be beard of to advantage ere Jong. P. PlfOtt'a Pair Play. 3, Ward's UUle Jack, and G. O'Brien's Brown Eagle have been given useful work ; so have MsesisT r. Uortison'e Vasoo, B. 8evlor's Proteotor, fispiegle, Wlokllffe, and Vowiee; and 3. H'Senna's Dancing Master had brother to Kit Hubbies. . ^ Hogmanay started proceedings on Thursday morning by striding round at three- quarter pace, j Don Glovan was accompanied by Liberty: tbe last five ■ furlongs of onoe round being run pretty smartly. Lara and Trojan bad a wiledash, the latter ap pearing to most advantage, the time being lot. 60s.; Middlemarph and wont a second drealtcf the ] tan in^Un,*6Ijg. ^Mtoftn^rts^was ansbgghgj biri«hsrt^.OrtyAlijfctweigbttJp, islander nwp<, tbMsdwfMtbuwnvwt, On Friday.'bidfHMloaen of tbeHoo. James White's ^SuKb 'and jr SSfwsd borv^Sarode CAAJLFIELD, Tut •SDAV, halt with M. O'Brien in the saddle. Qlu.£r " _ him company a portion of the journey w was treated to useful work over a niile.' &> j11 with poyle VP'^.^.S^hac* once round 5^ ning track in company with Young Uocatta ma All >crt at Intervals. Preston did capital viorwl! ' mite of ground, and Kenneth, after canto** circle o( the sand, strode along ior another o™.,6 brisk gallop, toe colt Bhaningwell Highlands', I did three-parts speed work on the turf, ones qiu "wio- vu wue uirt, onto rnu««i Mr. Philip Dowliug bad Ketort on the track "i v . a neatfil »\llh in rmninan.i tit. •. ^lUKl 1 he ran a useiul mile in company with Bonnie'u5 and Carnarvon. Eoulsham gave Silvernsine and Bo,,;! lioon a capital gallop onoe round the runninn w the Manuka filly leading her companion alone II I brisk pace; but the black boree went well and is with her in too last furlong. The yonw!! terms W1U1 ner iu WIO |»SK lunong. me younmu,, Gtentworth and Lady Lovell strode over hall anfll ior a usctul gallop. Little John had Jim Cain Jack tor ooropanions in a pace gallon once round th, turf, Jim Cain keeping him going the last sis or seven furlongs of the journey. Gadfly, with Hot itot" strode along for some useful pace exercise, rurmin'' home feat the last halt-roue; and Grace Darting, v,u had Kmpresa and CJrane at various distances, tun a good gallop once round, last season's CsulBcJa Cup victress exhibiting some of her old tonn. Mr Counoliv sent Nubocklish and Geraldine lor a working gatiop on the sand, and Eugenie with Louise Berta galloped, fice furlongs. Mr. C. 1u-> doino aiwne »»• — j • •—- —"• ,ui«wuinj, ju« « tv'~ •"'uist doing some smart work with his hot£i • 18 «'« sohsum, Day-star, Dexter, and horses were Restricted to uted x™* n£ J<m*« striding along at hslr pw and-sw® k ¥lt York the sand. tL Ghost®a Ib&PS;*'aW<« or seven furlongs. There were manv ^ ,Cv,ct dohig work on the various tracks during th,. mom The morning was fine, and the tJ5l^Sl)W. inditinn Sr.,,,n lnc tracks in eanit condition. Some good' sterling woT through. Kenneth, after canterin" .miu . W"E sand, appeared ,v*"« r csnienng a miW on the running track attliitL <^e t sail at a stmn<r to hill, and he 6ct sail at a 6trong naw "ii.T ul,106 joining him at the turn into theffisW vfr, .?bo pulled off after gallopihg about seven fnrL Ev Leek evidently Ued'Wining^a strong 5 j.wk eviaeouy intended runmnp a Rtrnn» „*». m the Cup distance, but perhaps the i?,Lm p CVEr many onlookers and watches V cauw^Uh^80 spin; nevertheless, the colt strodV atoni ^ form. Beckwith, who improves, and others 0fT stable worked suitably on the sand, rwL i E bowled along for a striding gallop on the turf «{S hut stable mate land Shark did. the i, „ the sand. Eugenie and Carnarvon, in Mr fWn'. team, rattled over five fnrloiigs to a Mete lj s andGeraldinc workedincompany withNabockuft strong pace exercise and they popped over,™ or three hurdles, which they negoWed Jlii Bonnie Lad strode along from half t^three-quirtl; nn t.hft can it fn» a 111,1 pace on the sand for a circle. The 1^^ ! Berta. and several others of the team wen dot' usef ul exercise. Lady Ashton and Union did hi? work on the sand. Kelly treated Ben Bolt to a working gallop once round the turf, Cbuckster ioiniU him at the mile post. Western, who was canterin ° wound up for a strong gallop over a mile. Anwcbv Bando, and Warfielo each worked separated and they rattled over five or six furlongs for useful gallops. The Sussex colt and Ambassadress were on the tracks. Little John and Jack, after cantering moved along at a briskish pace six furlongs wben Jim Cain joined Little John, the pait gallwdn* once round. King of the West did capital exercise on the tan track. Symbol, Greculus Esuriens, and'others (of the string were treated to medium work. :-fefiTen ; don, with Boyle up, ran a strong once round the , ground with Young Horatio and St Albert &t; I portions of the spin, which was a good one. Siivennitie and Bonnie Doon cantered ODce round I the running track, when the pair set going tor a striding gallop another time round, both horses going welL Chicago and faithful, after working on the sand, did some half-pace exercise on the turf. Bohemian was on the tan cantering, and he moved once round at lialf-pace. New York was on the same track doing some strong pace work, The Stag galloping with him the last circuit. Ueiamia was on the sand, and Mia Mia, with Epicurean, were striding along smartly on the same going. Louis U. and others of Jones's also exercised. Cestus and Dougalston ran in company foragoodextenderoverauiiic. Highland Chief and" Lord Allen were bowling along sniarUv over half a mile. Albanus, in company with Cadlind, were doing some capital exercise on the sand and tan. Hannibal and Boreas were on the same track, also Lottery, who strode along for good work. Gadfly, with Empress, after cuitcring, ran a brisk hall mile, and Q ra.ee Barling performed a working gallop once round the turf, where Crane, Hot iron, and The Ghost were exercising, Millstream cantering later in the morning with Golden Fleece and the ilobiiisori Crusoe—Dagmar colt, who very much' resembles hii sire. Camerine was striding Wong gaily over six or seven furlongs, so were Baystar and-Meerschaum. Betty's horses, Umberto, Towneley, and Pocahontas, were all at work, and Ken-master, with others of Coi lius's, were exorcising. A jax worked on the tan, fol lowed by Fusee and Union Jack. The two year olds Glentworth and Lady Lovcll. in Foubhams Stable, were running a brisk pace over half a mile, and Mar mion, with Sirocco, worked on the fan Maori Ubiet was doing slow exercise, and Isabel and Alexandria, in Leng's stable, were cantering. Mr. Harpers Car nival, Horticulture, and Julian Grey were moving along briskly on the turf. Cavalier, engaged in the Hunt Club Cup, in company did a the band, where a lot of other horses worked during the morning. 