' spiritualism: self-exposed.' The fourth lecture of the series, entitled 'Spiritualism is opposed to all law — is des tructive of the distinction between right and wrong; and as a consequence is destructive of moral character and moral responsibility,' was delivered by Mr. M. Wood Green on Thurs day evening. The Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. W. Bundey) presided over a good audience. Mr. Green, referring to recent letters in the press, said he considered the bright side of spiritualism was the communion with deceased friends, and to this subject he had referred in bis first lecture, proving therein that it was an absolute impossibility to identify any par ticular spirit. Regarding the lecture of the evening he admitted the gravity of the charge be brought against spiritualism, but he left them to judge whether the quotations he had to bring before them did not bear out his asser tions. HudsonTuttle, in the ' Arcana of Spiri tualism, ' said, ' Spiritualism can have no creed ; every individual must be a law to himself.' In ' Flashes of Light,' a spirit calling himself 'Lorenzo Dow,' said: — 'I believe^ that the judge of every intelligent being is within themselves, and I believe they are accountable only to that judge.' In answer to the question, ' Is there any standard of right and wrong in the spirit-life?' a spirit, calling himself the Rev. Joseph Lowenthall, said: — 'No, none whatever, save those standards that are erected in every human soul. Bach one has a standard for themselves, and no one can bDrroiV of another.' In ' Holy Truth,' by Air. Browne, a spirit said: — 'Our conscience is the only judge, and to it alone are we responsible ; that moment that conscience pronounces sentence, the moment of judgment is passed.' In these quotations the statement waB again boldly made that the only judge to whom man is responsible is himself ; that there is no standard of light or law but that which man makes for himself; and that there is no day of judgment at which time man will need to give account of his deed3. On pages 181 and 182 of 'Flashes of Light,' the question was asked — 'Is it ever right to exercise revenge ?' and the spirit of Theodora Parker answered — 'Yes, it is right to those who exercise it, but to those who see the dark, deformed side of revenge, it is not right. It surely is not the better way. The soul that exercises revenge does so because it is ignorant of the better way always.' Thus, revenge was right, if the one taking it think it right. Human ignorance, passion, or perversity was allowed to be its own law. In the Age of Freedom, a paper published by the spiritualists at Berlin Heights, Ohio, oc curred the . following : ? — ' What a horrible phantom, wbat*a soul-crushing superstition is this idea of an overruling, omnipresent, all powerful God. . . . Belief in a God is de grading, whatever the character ascribed to him. Where is your God ? I can stand up and look him in the face, and affirm that I have a right to 'life-and liberty and hap piness,1 whether it is his pleasure that I shall enjoy them or not. It is perfectly plain, then, that his Godhead or my manhood must suc cumb ! If I can beat him even at one point, he is no God. But, if I can make a case once, I can a thousand times, in the case of everv single right ; and if I maintain my manhood in spite of Him, so may every other human being, and so the God is nowhere — utterly routed.' A. J. Davis, in a work called 'Truth versus Fiction,' commented on the revolting murder of Dr. Farkman by Professor Webster, which was openly shielded oa the ground that the murderer had acted in harmony with the indwelling law of right, set up by and for himself, and that no other person had a right to sit in judgment upon him. On the same principle every crime was justifiable. (Hear, hear.} Spiritist teachings destroyed all distinction between right and wrong, virtue and vice, good and evil ; in a word, they destroyed the word 'sin,' and all distinction between human actions, regarding the most infamous of actions as not deserving of blame, and the most worthy deeds as un deserving of praise. A. J.Davis, on pages 88,89, 91 of the ' Phil, of Spirit. Intercourse,' said— 'Since it is inconttstably demonstrated that there are no intrinsically evil or fiendish prin xsiples, passions, or impulses in man's interior nature, we are constrained to conclude that it is impossible that there should be evil spirits existing in any of the great regions of the spiritual universe. Thus, sentence might be added to sentence in amplifying the philosophy that all evil is but imperfection tending to its ultimate perfection.' A. P. Coombes, a spiri tualist, in a tract entitled 'Whatever is, is Right, Vindicated,' said — 'I will not contend about how Pope or anybody else viewed the axiom, or into what departments of God's universe they give it entrance ; I believe that * Whatever ib, is Right,' in its fullest and broadest sense, covering every act in the past, present, or future.' In the ;- Banner of Light,' for November, 1861, the spirits were represented as saying : — ' We say, as we have said a thousand times before, there is no such thing as sin, no such thing as eviL ... Now, then, if there is sin anywhere, Gad made that sin — he is the author of it. Tne foundation of your religion is fast fading away. Soon we shall find you shaking hands with these new things. This must be so. . . . Jesus of Nazareth, if he were here to day, would tell you as we tell you.' Another said — '' Spiritually and divinely considered there is no sin. Full well we know the book you call the Bible teaches of sin; full well we know the whole Christian world recognises such a condition; but to us there is no sin.' The following was taken from Dr. Carpenter's work on spiritual ism, pages 33, 35: — 'At the Rhode Island State Spiritualists' Convention, held at Pro vidence in 1866, Mr. Wheeler said — 'Drun- kenness is just as good as soberness ; vice is jnst as good as virtue; the devil is the equal of God, and hell is just as sweet as heaven. (Sensation.) Hell itself, if you raise it high enough, becomes the golden floor of heaven. As spiritualists we have not acknowledged that there is such a thing as moral obligation.' At ti»e same convention Mr. Perry said — ' Aa a spiritualist I have yet to learn that we hold anythingas sacred.' ' Another spiritist writer said (and let the advocates of social purity note this) — 'I cannot think that liber tinism injures the immortal souL,' (Oh.) That intercourse with spirits will injure, . was clear from the character of the spirits given in preceding pages. In 'The Spirits' Book,' by Jjardec, was the following: — 'Spirits are in cessantly in relation with men, The good try to lead us into the right road . . . the bad ones tempt us to evil ; it is a pleasure for them to see us fall, and to make us like tnemselves. Why do inferior spirits take pleasure in in ducing us to do wrong ? From jealousy. Not having earned a place among the good, their desire is to prevent, as tax as in them lies, other spirits, as yet inexperienced, from attain ing to the happiness from which they are excluded. They desire to make others suffer what they suffer theinselve3.' It might be that the spirits of our departed friends were sent to us sometimes as spiritual ministers at tbe behest of God, and in this respect there was a great truth underlying the doctrine of spirit intercourse, a truth which often gave him great joy, but it must be patent to all that a voluntary association with beings such as those described above, and the yieldiag oneself to their influence must destroy morality. That such was the result the following testimonies would amply prove. Hudson Tuttle, in the Ohio Spiritualist for August 15, 1868. said— 'I sicken at the black list of abuses which have weighed to earth the divine philosophy. When an immortal agent steps into tbe domestic circle, bearing the upas branch of enmity between husband and wife, insincerity, instability, and social anarchy are at once inaugurated. A large class of spiritualists have allowed this to occur.' Dr. Potter said — 'I am told by prominent spiritualists that the ablest and most influen tial spiritualist in Boston has long been the worst libertine in the whole city ; that the most prominent and influential spiritualist in New Yoik has been guilty of more cases of crim. con. than any other man in the United States ; that I am told in Detroit they have organised and put the most licentious man in their ranks into office. In Chicago, I am told, the most wealthy and influential spiritualist has a wife, lives with a mistress, and patronises affinities. Of spiritual editors, no less than six are free-lovers. Spiritualists tell me that a large house is kept in Boston by a prominent spiritualist, often honored with office; to accommodate affinity hunters. Mrs. Spence Eaid in a public lecture in Worcester that Epirits compelled her to leave a husband with whom she was very happy. She said that nearly all mediums had like commands from spirits. An enthusiastic spiritualist who had long boarded speakers that catne to Boston told me that she never had a trance speaker in her house that she thought capable of taking care of herself.' Dr. Randolph, who was for eight years a medium and a lecturer, gave his opinion of it in the following : — ** I enter the arena as the champion of common sense, against what in my soul I believe to be the most tremendous enemy of God, morals, and religion that ever found foothold on the earth— the most seduc tive, hence the most dangerous, form of sensualism that ever cursed a nation, age, or people. I was a medium about eight years, during which time I made three thousand speeches, and travelled over several different countries, proclaiming the new gospel. I now regret that so much excellent breath was wasted, and that my health of mind afcd body was well - nigh ruined. I have only begun to regain both since I totally abandoned it, and to-day had rather see the cholera in my house than be a spiritual medium. A. J. Davis and his clique of haimonialists say there are no evil spirits. I emphatically deny the statement. Five of my friends destroyed themselves, and I attempted it by direct spiritual influences. Every crime in the calendar has been committed by mortals moved by viewless beings. Adultery, fornication, suicides, desertions, unjust divorces, prostitution, abortion, insanity, are not evils, 1 suppose. I charge all these to this scientific spiritualism. It has also broken up families, squandered fortunes, tempted and destroyed the weak. It has banished peace from nappy families, separated husbands and wives, and shattered the intellect of thousands.' Br. Potter said—*' Hundreds of families have been broken up, and many affectionate wives deserted by 'affinity-seeking' husbands. Many once devoted wives have heen seduced, and left their husbands and tender helpless children to follow some * higher attraction.' Many well-disposed but simple-minded girls have been deluded by 'affinity' notions, and led off by 'affinity hunters,' to be deserted in a few months with blasted reputations, or led to deeds still more dark and criminal to bide their shame.' He would now depart for a moment from his habit of only quoting spiritualist writers, and give them some of Dr. Tannage's remarks on spiritualism in his sermon on 'The Religion of Ghosts': — ' I bring against this delusion a more fearful indictment: it ruinB the soul immortal. First, it rcakes a man a quarter of an infidel ; then it makes him half an infidel ; then it makes him whole infidel. The whole system, as I conceive it, is founded on the insufficiency of the word of God as a revelation. God says the Bible is enough for you to know about the future world. You say it is not enough, and there is where you and the Lord differ. You -clear the table, yon shove aside the Bible, you put your hand on the table and say : — ' Now let spirits of the future world come and tell me something the Bible haB not told me.' And although the Scriptures say, .'Add thon not unto His words lest He reprove thee, and thou be found a liar,' you risk it, and say, ' Come back, spirit of my departed father; come back, spirit of my departed mother, of my companions, of my little child, and tell me some things I don't know about yon and about the unseen world.' If God is ever slapped square in the face it ia when a spiritual medium puts down her hand on the table invoking spirits departed to make a revelation.' It was in Melbourne that his attention was first directed to the evil effects of spiritualism, and it was there that he first opposed it in the person -of Mr. Walker, who had since gone over to the mate rialist platform. Subsequently he spoke in Dunedin against spiritualism, and in the latter city he might say that since he opposed Mrs, Hardings-Britten and other spiritualists on the platform, the system had never raised its head or been able to make way to any extent. (Hear, hear). In conclusion he adjured them not to give up to the Bible for an association with demons, or to attempt penetrate beyond those things which God has seen fit to reveal. (Cheers.) On questions being invited, Mr. Reimers ascended the platform, and excitedly asked whether the lecturer considered spiritualism was completely developed? Mr. Green thought the leader of the spiritualist party in Adelaide should be the person best acquainted with the subject, and with the amount of pro gress it had made. (Langhter.) Mr. Reimers — Do professed Christians subscribe to the trash and theological stuff current among some of them ? Mr, Green said that leaving out one great body of Christians, and another which seemed to be more closely approaching the first every day, all Christians considered the Bible alone, without any accretions, to be the religion of Christ. The lecturer having, in answer to Mr. Reimers, stated that bis actual acquain tance with seances was very small, the latter gentleman said that confirmed him in his belief that Mr. Green knew nothing about spiritualism. (Laughter.) Mr. Reimers, con tinuing, said the world was only standing on the threshold of spiritualism, and all canting and ranting on the subject seemed to him only ridiculous and amusing. Dark stances only formed a fragment of his investigations, which had been conducted in the daytime, and mostly in a dim light. (Laughter.) .He then made a somewhat incoherent statement, in which he was understood to say that his guiding spirit had commissioned him to bring people back, to the church by teaching the existence of a great cause of all, and he had chivalrously undertaken the charge which she bad confided to him. He believed millions of people had been led back to the church — though perhaps not in its fulness— by means of spiritualism. Mr. Gbeen did not deny that some people might have been led from darkness to light by spiritualism. He had been informed by a gentleman — and he mentioned the subject because he thought Mr. Rentiers thoroughly worthy ' of respect— that Mr. Reimers had shown his disinterestedness by expending a fortune of £40,000 or £50,000— (Mr. Reimers — 'Oh, no') — in the pursuit of spiritualistic phenomena, and he wished to give him credit for it. (Hear, hear.) Still he must say he thought Mr. Reimers gave them all evidence that he was following the spirits to his own sad hurt, and was chasing an ignis fatuus, which had led him. at least to financial disaster. Mr. Reimers said it would be necessary to strike a cypher off the figures to make the statement correct, and the loss in question was not in any way connected with spiritualism. Mr. Green said he would like to reply to some questions asked him in a very in teresting letter signed ' Justitia,' appearing in that day's Express. The first question was whether be could really say that he found nothing within the volume of the sacred book it&elf; to perplex him ? and his reply was that he found much to perplex him in it, but not with regard to anything appertaining to his welfare on earth. (Hear, hear.) He was then asked — If an intelligent child were to ask him, 'Do you believe that God really did command the Jews to massacre at times not only the men but the women and little children and animals'!' would he answer 'yes?'' He would answer ' yes' in one case at least, and was prepared to vindicate that case by all our principles of justice. As to the denuncia tory passage in the psalm referred to, no doubt ' Justitia' knew the explanation* which might be given to it. David's dancing before the Lord was the overflow of bis spirit towards God, and the Jews never danced with the other sex as we do. He appealed to the audience whether he had not substantiated all his statements made so far regarding spiritualism. (Applause.) The meetiug concluded with a vote of thanks to the mayor. The fifth lecture of the series, entitled ' The dangers of spirit mediumship — it destroys in dividuality and the power of self- control, and is an incentive to crime,' was delivered at the Town Hall by Mr. M. Wood Green on Tues day evening. There was a good attendance, and Mr. R. Searle presided. Mr. Geeen, referring to ' Jusfcitia's' letter in that day's Advertiser, maintained that spiritualism was nothing else than the de moniacal possession of the New Testament. He would ask the lady who wrote the letter by what authority she quoted Archbishop Whately and other churchmen as believers in spiritualism? He himself had been claimed over and over again as a spiritist, and no doubt he was such, if some of the definitions of a believer in the system were correct. With regard to Mr. Perrott's letter, charging him with misrepresentation of spiritualism, he asked anyone to come up on the platform and point out wherein that charge could be sustained. (Hear, hear.) If anyone could show a brighter side to spiritualism he would wel come him upon the platform, and show from his own testimony that it only had a dark side. Mr. Reimers's letter spoke of the stubbornness of spiritualistic facts, but his experience had always taught him that they were only like the inflated bladder when pricked. (Laughter.) He then quoted from the Scientific Ameriaan an account of the capture of Mrs. Eugenie Best while filling the part of a materialised spirit in the town of Hartford, U.S., just after she had emerged from the cabinet at a private seance in the house of a Mrs. McManus. When caught in the arms of two stalwart attendants the medium screamed, but finding escape im- possible, she confessed the fraud in writing, and promised she would not do it again. Her dress and slippers were found where she left them behind in the cabinet. Her gauze drapery in which she dressed the part of the spirit was saturated with a substance which gave forth a phosphorescent light. An English exposure was read from the Times, the fair medium in this case being Mrs. Comer, ne'e Miss Florence Cook, who had previously been exhaustively tested by Professor Crookes and other investigators, and pronounced by them genuine. The reality of the imposture was admitted in a letter by the British Asso ciation of Spiritualists, which was also read. This fact, he considered, swept aside tbe whole of Dr. Crookes's testimony as to the genuineness of spiritist manifestations. Coming now to the subject of the lecture— the dangers of mediumthip-hesaidthat when these unseen beings obtain an entrance into the niind, if the person steking the intercourse be of a moral character, whom open manifesta tions of immorality would repel, there was a great expression of a benevolent desire for their welfare, and a profession that they are ptrforming the divine will in thus coming and seeking to benefit them. They also, by the exprtssion of this same desire, sought to lead thtm to pledge themselves to seek intercourse with them at stated and regular periods ; and und« no pretence whatever, unless absolute inability from sickness, to stay anray. So far did these spirits go in this that they sought a written pledge to tbis efl-ct. This_statement was made upon the testimony of one from -whom, it was sought by the spirits, and who, on being led to see the evil of the system, informed the lecturer. They sought, also, entire passivity on the part of those' seeking intercourse with them. Tae mind must be passive, and the statements of tbe spirits were to be received in a reverent and believing state of mind ; or, it was sffiiffied, the spirits would be unable to impart the benefit they desire. In ' Flashes of Light,' Mr. A. Putnam allowed that spirits often counsel self-destruction, and he (Mr. Green) became acquainted with a lady in Victoria who had been brought, by her own act, under the influence of the spirits. She stated that she frequently heard a voice, as distinctly as though a person stood by and was ad dressing her, and this voice continually sug gested that she should take away her life. Her friends were greatly concerned respecting her, as she made several attempts to take away her life, and they were compelled, even though with much reluctance, to place her several times in the asylum for the insane, at Kew, near Melbourne. On the last occasionof being there, after being out for a little time, and her friends, hoping that she had successfully over comeher weakness, relaxing their watchfulness, she succeeded in putting a termination to her life by drowning. Drs. Gridley, Randolph, and Hatch, -Allan Kardec and other spiritist writers were largely quoted from, to show the dangers incurred by those who surrender them selves to mediumship ; 'evil spirits' often torturing the unhappy medium, or bringing on cataleptic fits. A writer in the Spiritual Tele graph, No. 187, said : — ' I have seen mediums rolling on the floor, uttering grunts like swine, giving vent to the most hideous yells, and at times beating their bodies, and tearing their hair like lunatics.' A lady had informed him that afternoon of the case of an English lady, the daughter of a Wesleyan minister, who had given herself up as a spirit medium. On one occasion the spirit forced her to seize a large Bible which lay on the table and pitch it up and down the room. The speaker then related in an im pressive manner a curious experience of his own with a young convert to spiritualism whom he met in Dunedin. This young man told him that he had been induced, from curiosity and scepticism as to the phenomena of spiritualism, to join himself to a ' circle,' in which were several developed mediums. Being of a highly sensitive temperament, although he was scep tical as to the interference of spirits in the matter, he was soon brought under the in fluence. In a short time he found himself experiencing knocks while in the office attend ing to his duties, and was so thrown about that he had often to retire to another room to hide the matter from his fellow-clerks. While casting up his accounts he was stopped, and compelled to write words and sentences which appeared to be wholly unmeaning, so that he found himself unable to attend to his duties. Becoming alarmed as to his condition he sought Mr. Green's assistance, and that gentleman prayed with him on several occa sions for liberation from the unseen influence. As soon as the prayer commenced the youngman began to twist his body as though struggling with someone, and was thrown violently backwards on the floor. He then requested Mr. Green to place his hands upon -his head and pray, when the convulsions came back with renewed force, the patient gnashing his teeth, writhing on tbe ground, and foaming at the mouth until utterly prostrate, as in the scriptural accounts of de moniacal possession. Finally this unfortunata young man left Dunedin to try a station cure, and by carefully keeping away from spirit ia fluences was now & prosperous business man in Auckland. ? | At the conclusion of thcTlecture tne uu daunted Mr. Reimees ascended the platform amid ironical cheers, and announced that Mr. Green's course of lectures had greatly modified his views. He was now convinced that his satanic majesty had more to do with it than he ever thought — (hear, hear) — for he found that spiritualism had the effect of leading people back to church, increasing domestic happiness — (oh)— lessening the number of drunkards among spiritualists— if there were indeed any — and all this made the devil feel very fidgety. (Laughter.) He had, therefore, commissioned some one who could biss and sneer like a serpent to prove that the whole system was of satanic origin. The Chaibman here interrupted the speaker, on the ground that his remarks were wanting in relevancy, and Mr. Reimebs asked whether there was not an analogy between the gift of mediumship and that of genius? Mr. Geeen said that if Mr. Reimers could show that genius involved the same evil principles as mediumship, the same results would un doubtedly follow. He did not, however, believe this to be the case. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Reimebs then asked whether it was fair to condemn all spiritualists because of one dis covered fraud? The Lectubeb replied that far more than one spiritualistic fraud had been exposed, and referred again to the deceptions practised on Dr. Crookes. Let them have the medium and spirit in open day — both in full sight and at once. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Some mediums were so clever in the manipu lation of their clothes as to leave the semblance of their forms reclining on the sofa in the cabinet, so that onlookers believed they saw the materialised spirit outside and the medium in inside the cabinet at one and the same time. (Mr. Reimers — ' Oh, holy simplicity ! what bosh.') Mr. Geeen thought it was indeed bosh ! — (loud laughter) — complete bosh — (re newed laughter.) He looked upon Mr. Reimers as an honest but self -deluded individual. If he possessed this wonderful power, let him show it to them in public. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Reimers, gesticulating—' Come down from the cross ;' that was said by the unbelievers. Mr. Green — Ah, but He rose from the dead (Loud and continued cheers.) Mr. Reimers — And thereby testified to the truth of mate- rialisation. (Cries of 'No.') He wished to ask whether the exposure of one fraud in a lifetime proved that the whole of any medium's manifes tations were fraudulent? Mr. Gbeen — No; but it proved in the case of Mrs. Comer that she possessed such skill in fraud as could not be acquit ed in one day — (hear, hear)— and ren dertd impossible any belief in her previous demonstrations. At this stage of the proceed ings Mr. Reimers went beyond the bounds of argumentative courtesy in the character of his remarks, and concluded by asking if the lec turer relied on his own knowledge or on. the ignorance of his audience? (Hisses.) Mr. Gheen declined to answer a question which was at once insulting to himself and to those present, and the meeting concluded with the usual vote of thanks. 