f T£MATMC^,$^q^ I Pi i From the St. James's eVinces, May 20 1 5a To a large-ejiteíit îhèat'ribal'.alàoL' is a matter of abbreviation The Profus 'tion " seldom use a whole word when part will do as well, and they bogie by calling themselves "pros" A theatrical notice in the newspapers is not a " paragraph " but a. par." " Biz" is " business," but there are two kinds of it: "goodbtz" moans full " houses when biz " in and the treasury is empty, and " the ghost walks." The actor's " biz," however, is quite a different thing, and so important that it is often given its abbreviated name of business. It includes all the player's by-play. Hamlet's trifling with Ophelia's fan in the play scene, the clown's manipulation of the poker, the funny man's antics with the whisky bottle, Dundroary's hop, are all the special' business " of the gentleman who plays the part The "business" is often not in the " book." It is frequently introduced by the creator of a part, tradition handing it down from genera- tion to generation. "Business" in old plays has been traced back to before the days of Garrick ; indeed, the creators of some of of the Shakespearian characters are still, it is believed, followed in their readings by the old school of actors. Cowley and Kemp, for instance, are responsible for the business " of Dogberry and Verges and the waistcoats of the first grave-digger in Hamlet are as old as 17th century, " His original character is a line the actor likes to be able to add to his name in the playbill. It really means that the "original business " of the part is his. When one ctnvaotor'B "bush near " is so great as to be the chief feature of the play, the piece is called after him him. Thus, the popular farce Tm u Him Out in "Nobb's Piece." " Business " in this sense was in use in theatrical circles 130 years ago and long before, maybe The classification of players according to their line of business is little thought of nowadays. Until lately, however, it was very arbitrary. The heavy man" was he who played such parts as Hamlet's uncle, Iago,' the " tiger '' in the Ticket of Leave Man Cassio was " walking gentleman the utility man " was he who made himself useful the "low comedian" could not poach on the preserves of the " light comedian ;"' there were " old women (first and second), ' singing chambermaids," leading juveniles" and " boys." These terms are still in daily use, but long "runs" will be the death of them. An actor is chosen nowadays to fill one part, when formerly he played a hundred parts in a season. The manager of a " stock company " was always careful to have his " heavy man," "chambermaid," etc, and his "scores" of plays-that is to say, his lists of dramatist persons in the places he had down for production had opposite each name, in pencil marks, the technical term for the man who would play it. Instead of " Hamlet-Mr'. So-and-So, the sore road " Hanilot-l- jleading juvenile. ' Old fashioned managers and playwrights still have this custom., The term "run" was used above. Fielding has it in the same sons. When the player is in the provinces he is on the road "-the phrase obviously a relic of the times when actors played in barns and journeyed from town to town in waggons. i Sound companies only go to the small towns," when they are said to be "doing the smalls." ,,'Mombors'of. provincial companies are " out ''^'To'have'a part in the piece being played is to be "on." If you do not: know your words you are a suffer and to " queor-the manager's 1 pitch" is to disappoint him ''Few actors' who play a',' variety 'of parts, are, well acquainted W'tlt any part in a-piece but, their own. They trust to the of cruel' to keep them right. The" case " is the sense tence',' spoken by another which they' [have 'to',' 'follow. '"Often they i" only,.' watch for the,, last word of the' \- sentence,, Then the "cue," is ,',' the word."] "Fat "iis<a.slang term. for good business-a" tolling j screech, or anything else' that' the actor can make 'much of. , By-the-bye,; ^fat""¡a',a" popular islands a term in, several trades,and,professions, meaning something different in, each. The compositor's "fat," for instance, is the blank space for which he is paid without having any type to "set." Rosalind's prologue in As You Like It is a " lovely tag," that being a "bag in which the player addresses the audience. ' These are known as " the front of the' house, and the theatre is the "shop," The play itself is called the show." This terms is but a year or two old, but is already popular. ' Much more ancient is the term "gods" for the occupants of the gallery, , ' ' '. Props," the abbreviation in use for " properties," is a very important term. Everything stored at the theatre for use on the stage as a "prop;" these are the the manager's props. The actor's props are the articles of clothing which he has to provide for himself. Those vary according to the status of the company, managers of repute providing everything except tights and a few other articles, while needy managers like their company to have a " wardrobes-' of their own. " Plot" is used with a somewhat peculiaraignificanco. There are a number of plots" to every play. Thus the " same plot " is a list of the various scones The " flyman's " plot is a list of the articles required by the layman, or man in the " flies." There is similarly a '"gasman's plot." The " property plot" includes all the properties used in the piece, and the promoter is responsible for their all being to hand at the proper time. The least important of the prompter's duties, indeed, is to prompt. To get a " reception " is to be welcomed with applause from the front when you make your first appearance for the evening; to have a goal" is to be cheered back to bow your acknowledg- ment when you go off. _ Quite as much store is set on a reception as on a call. The one means that you are recognised as a favourite, the other that you have made a "hit." The "star," or leading player, is put sadly out of countenance if he comes on in silence and the " super " has sometimes to suffer for it By calling "supers" "supes," the actor contrives to get rid of the second syllable of "supernumeraries." "Super" is vaguely used at times to include the chorus ; though the ladies of the latter, at all events, recognise a difference. They sing, while the super is mute. The ballet lady, on the other hand, does not sing-sho dances. Of course there are slang terms for all these and there is a true little anecdote explaining the difference between a chorus girl and a ballet lady. A few weeks ago someone asked an actor in a comic opera if his wife, who is also on the stage, played in the same piece. "No," he said, gravely, " she is not a singer she's a kicker." When an actor is out of an engagement he advertises in the chief theatrical paper that he is "waiting" or "resting." Managers making up a company invite capable people in writing." They are sure to address the ladies who re- spond as their child." If Shakespeare is to be played, only those "artists" need _ apply who are well up" in the "legitimate." A manager of the old school will ask them what they "sell," morning what kind of paris they play. Preference is given to a comedian for farce or burlesque who can ' gag," or introduce matter of his own into a piece on the spur of the moment's reference to a meeting of the local board of guardians, for instance. If this business is bad the house is filled with " dead-heads"-per- sons invited to come gratis. These have a written admission from the manager, and hence the term a " paper house." But of theatrical slang there is no end. I Advice to Mothers Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth t On at once to a chemist and get a bottle of We Winslow's Soothing Bvner It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button " It soothes the child, It softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, animates the bowels, and in the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Booth. has SfTiiD is sold by medicine dealers everywhere at la 12d per bottle Testimony of the Ladies The charm of the New Perfume, " Taime," lies in the fact that it is so unlike every other, and therefore an agreeable novelty. Dbtlllad Only by A. P. Miller Casualty, 