THE REV. W. CCRRIE "AGNOSTICISM." OX On Sunday last, morning and evening, Mr Currie discoursed npon the subject of -Agnosticism." We- now give the substance of the morning discourse. The text selected from the1 book of Job, Sth chipter and 9 th verse—4 * For we are but of yesterday 'and know nothing: because our days on the earth as but as a shadow." Mr Cume said, "In this deeply interesting book «» are introduced to -some serious thinkers of the old world as'-thi-y - M restled vii b 'h* trying problems i>f a life which glided like a shadow over the dial's face, although Divine inspiration is not claimed for tin speaker in this text, yet he is one of those patient m- n who bore into the seams of proverbial w silom, and who generalise those moral lesH) :s which experience has capitalised for human use. - . . liaily ™ the Christian era there sprung np several s-cts known as Gnostics, i.e., people who were good at knowing all the detp things ot .religion, anil although the name has long dropped out of circulation, there are still to be f( und, here aud there, people who appear to bu lineally dasccuded from the religious 'ki,otr-,-Jls :of antiquitv: As one extreme usually leads to'auother, we find in our own day just as in the past, that schools ot Agnosticism keep springing up, in whica those who .liwent from finality of opinion in nutters of reiigions speculation have their view* represented. Such oscillations ol tHiiughtaretobefound not only m oburcn history, hut throughout ever? account which human nature has to give of itseu. . . . It would be altogether outside those purposes of religious instruction aid spiritual help for which we meet m tb.s place to spend time in tracing the conflicts of creeds and the objections of modern criticism to the foreclosing °f f^I 0™ which engage human attention; butt M we should, b" 1 1> for ourown-sakss Wlfor the help of f-:y<-i:ih' of oar day, t to know how i l> ae; • vf-OhristL-Liiiiy te e , ttje bases of m-'i i y i)«tr the Etrain of mlM^ng thonght »u.l increasing light. 1, jjriiig literature of Hiese times forces -h considerations upon the attentionof'all, 6 Q | Deicber individuals nor communities cau *!L«l to live in » foal's pir»dise-oT MU- . . ueakioc, * s meant by Agnosticism It a protest against thearroĘance Such assumes to kuowjevferything, or it be a petrifaction of opinion -which con-; itself with the assertion thatnothing Whatever can feeeatisfactorily-known.' To Impose that we shall ever be able to settle ^UB comfortably, in the .belief t^t.we . Jl' about religion which we seel "care to know is at ouce irreligious and absurd ! onr knowledge is necessarily limitedang j,ted to a great-system of arongemtjtate' iiichiriaUe np wbat we call the Universe. Haman research, in- thendirection ofbegih- łje tJtiinate atti^dudes pursuit ; obliged to leave "it "in xbe'reatm oT' unknown ; »nd this unknown is practically unknowable region,- because..our concsption6 of time and space and things stretch towards the boundless and the infinite. So 8lto realm, of our. own experience,' jjhile it would be nntraeto onr Own eon^ Ki„a?nMS to say * weknownot moything' — (or ^t do know much about ourown inward nature, and aresteadrly going bn to know mort_yet, is certMo Ąat We fcJar«s Mligious jróeotfnces'J^hlob 'oppójplete' ^Jyfis. The writer of the"Epit±le to (the. Hebrews tdils is exactly how the'eiBe stands, when he says, ' Through faith we under ftand that-the world lias heenTramed,* and in speaking of the department of moral vision SL Paul says, • we see through .a glass,' ani^tńow• .in It is' hVraty possible to ie»howscien« orphilosophyćan. tike exceptjon to Kueh views '.of the case. : The men of. exact thought have a perfect' right to call opon tite.nen.of religion. fcobe eueful in their statement* ; but the spiritual I nature of man isbound to enter -It* protest,' in the nauie-of trath. against the finality of: ! every theory ttf things wliich ignores the spiritual experiences of mankind, "Hence," while we can see much to keep.man humble, we discover thaf; t^ere .is jset before him an open door. Whether 1 it be through the over-caution -of forgetfnlnesa. or the dog-, niatisffl of one-sided nfiffl, it is alike imprudent and unmanly to cool down into unconcern, and .glory-in 'our ; own indifference to the seriousAnpcrt of any of thfe knowri facte of life; it is to wear the brand of nentalandj'mord slavey 1 " j " ; / r T Secendlyt For the .denial of causation— tt, the rioctłińe that forereiy effect a cause most erist-^an answer must ^e L Boughi, -not simply in counter aSEertion, - but in joster and deeper&alyses.; . ' 'Such' 'investigatious as are conducted by science are, really aids to the'Student of HJieolopy in. 'his Bieditations. For instance are m ade acquainted with the 'persistence of forc^'"a . varj-ing. silent, erer:acting something,: .which.' necessarily prevades. the whole univetae. But o this conld not .fae known unless in the order of thought w<e assume the previous existence or persisteoce ' of our own coasaonsness -which takes : nótiće' -of phenomena. 1 -Hence yon see an -educated * Agnosticism 9 must admit that it knows somethipg. for without intelligence it- wonld not be nble-to-say^hat it did not know i The ' ppiiBistence' of human sons«onEness J tbus becomes, as sorely v as the ' persistence of force,' one of those things which must be taken for granted as a - working factor in all onr reasoning. Should. science say tiiat it-is vnable to give a simpler^ •or better definition of the cause whioh pul-' sates at the heart p.f . things than by naming it'forre,^ let us not quarrel with such a: word ; f<Tsóeace is bound to -speak.its own: most truthful thought, and it ought not to be expected to sverve. tiuch a reply to the question of ourtearts when they feel after God' may«eem ioold, but it is not necessarily irreligious. ' Has not the recognised voice of religion gaid. * no man hath seen God at any time?' "Why should the modern Christian be startled when, professing to believe, that his religion is a development of God's earlier truth through Moses, he finds that great leader of truth Baying, with divine,' good sense, and on behalf of the Iłeity, * No man shall see my face - and live 7' Within the folds, then, of a Tevrrent 'Agnosticism,' tha ancient' Scriptures find a ' ftoly of Holiep,' where the ' hack-parts' of truth may be seen in tha gracionaaesa and ever-uierciful purity rtf the great Gentril Power 'beneath whose feet we lie afar, and see but shadows of Bis face!' Let me here caution .you against the-flippant-familiarities of modern lerivalism in its handling of divinemysteries. The nnhallpwed daring which virtually boasts itself as though possessed of the secrets of God, is. assuredly one *f ; the special hindrances to the spread of a true religion which aims at' gathering together in Christ Jesus, 3 all human hearts in one fellowship of deep, spiritual confidence! Thirdly.—We inquire how what is called * Agnosticism' affects the question of religions worship ? To answer this question aright -we must Geek correct readings of łinmsn nature. Modern learning is erroneously regarded when it is thought of as the natural foe of our religions instincts.. Historical criticism, while showing the Bloweducation of onr race, does not rob uś of the pre -existence»f that observing -power which takes note of what passes within, and draWs moral influences. The savage who dreams,: and cowers before his gbost-tbeoiy, reasons' as correctly, when his lange of knowledge is considered, as does the modern scientist. SrColenBo'sintelligent Zulnwas. withm his limit, quite as logical a theologian as- the episcopal bishop! The * dim religions light' does not create the religions instinct, it is the instinct '-which -mnst account. Cor die -existence of sny light "whatever. : Mnsings upon moral questions can never be' accounted- for upon a' theory which regards fchcan as a kind of morbid ' growing pains/ belonging to the infancy of our humaniiy! The instinct! pf our nature are not responsible for thejemirs of our intelligence. Head have indeed crouched before ghosts, and probably do jso stall; they have been -believers in blood, and most of the altars <4 religion have been maile slippery through homd faiths 5 they have clung to religions which have taught division and nurtured hate, and come members of the race have embraced a religion which aElyttes humanity to a Łoly tiod. In face jofj this slow development or differentiatihn in religion,. w« a^V. "What".Is ''pie,^bine verdict after careful analyses I „ /The Christian heart Łeed not fear any. reply which Philosophy and Bnenoe wiU-JByerMgifee . to give! Only paint humanityjis it reuly is, and no true mari'tesii ««k tnore : and what haov we? ''k. nothing, and must • <lisaipate aś illusion/'or a creature whose . perepeclaye. rifjguires 'the infinite to sccotmt &st; and toigive it selfconeistent mesning.?: -3Śie .exper^oice which . ' persists';inJMttna& breasts demands for jits, ptesenee a spiritual cauBe, .which leads óuri tl'onght np ło pre4K<>t<«it thought *nd>wilL | Hrnee a reasonable ' doe? not roh u- of anything^whif4i' belongs to us. nor indeed can it;mit ourGhrmtianitytnust consent to. .open 4tB ptudy -irindowe to the light of all trat^ a^ tramlSfe Vnrslings of thought out -.óf ^-.jsi(ibly. and. '/invalided condition, which -imsrepcseents both the temper ajad teachiDg of our-XjOrd. Those who are mot' yet-' neenstnmod. to ,-take note of what Classing annnid ^heilŁ, and who may fw tte v&acte; of investigiting the gr^uuds of belief will^p^-obahly cschew fiuch a coarse of thought as r hayc inyitedi^nr attention to this tnornirg-; ^faat rwiser hearts wiH he glad to conadM-^ii jlhie cjlm sbńos phera of.^^t^^ketv^^j^ikujng of those opiniOUR »vliich-pneas upon tiie.-youpg, thinkers of Wis kenefatadn'i Weare responsible to God for jbk^ mterpt&aturc; tshich we give thechildren if theOhnrch of thttr&elvfa; about life. I call upon yjou in. the language of 1 Holy Scripture, ' & «tnuig and quit yourselves like men l' . (Jive vnot cnlyiearfc, but head also, to the wrhble woBcefnment - of your Christianity. Do not give your deepest in- 