i The elevation of the Bishop of Melbourne . to the Bishopric of Miinchester may be . ; taken to signify not only that, the age of i Greek Play Bishops, as tbey 'were called, ! is on the wane, but that some other qualifi- i cations trill be expected of the successors ; of the Ape'stles in the -.nglish Church than j that they are Wiligs or Tories. Tho ! spiritual theory of Bishop-making is one of : the loftiest that the human mind cau con ceive. The Prime Minister and the Queen are the first movers in the business. They bespeak their candidate, and then send leave to the Dean and Chapter of the vacant diocese to elect. The Dean and Chapter proceed to invoke the Holy Ghost to guide their choice, and the invariable result is that their choice falls on the nominee of the Patronage Secretary. This is the theory: but in practice we are afraid that the part wluch the Iloly Ghost plays in the solemn drama has been some times of the very smallest. Students of the Georgian era will remember, for instance, how a clergyman obtained a see by offering to bet the King's mistress, the Countess of Falmouth, the tidy sum of £5000 that he never would. He lost the £5000, of course, and got his icitre. Scandals of this kind are seldom or never euacted 'in these regenerate times ; but still it is a matter of notoriety that party' j necessities and personal whims have j had a good deal more to do with nomina- j tions to the sacred office than tbey ought, ! and that some of the best men have been ' left out in the cold because they had failed to secure proper representation in the Minister's anteroom, or did not wear the correct badges on their sleeves. Dr. Arnold in this way, Charles Gre- ville tells us, was kept off the Bench through Lady Ellesmere's private influ ence with Lord Melbourne ; and so was Sydney Smith, the lung having let it be known that he had read his reviews in the Edinburgh, and decidedly disap proved of having their author about the Court. How Lord Melbourne made his Bishops is told incidentally in the passage j in Jiis Memoirs recording his interview ! wifh Thirhvall, tho historian of Greece, j Thirlwail called at South-street in j obedieuce to the usual official mm. j mohs, and found ' his Lordship iu bed, surrounded with letters anil papers, some of them in all proba bility in the handwriting of that fragile beauty, the Honorable Mrs. Morton. The conversation that ensued is highly cha racteristic oft he statesman who would have played at te-to-tum with the soberest parts of the Constitution if he hap pened to be in the vein : — ' Very glad to see you. Sit down — sit down. Hone " you arc come to say you accept. 1 " wish you to understand I won't make a " heterodox Bishop, if I know it. I hate " heterodox Bishops. I take a great in- ' terest in theology. I have read a deal " of those old feliows (pointing to a folio " edition of the Fathers) ; they are ex cellent reading, and very amusing;" but we need not rehearse the colloquy ; sufficient to say that the Bishop-nominate went through hi3 facings with complete success, and was duly elevated. The flippant side in Lord Melbourne's cha racter was always coming uppermost in the most serious affairs ; but we may take it for granted that Lord Salisbury was not in quite such a light-hearted humor when he picked out Dr. Moorhousc for the dioccse of Manchester. Things have change. a good deal in the Church of England since Dr. Thirl wail received his mitre from the hands of the lie-a-bed statesman. The cry of disestablishment has gone up, and if it is to weather the storm successfully it must not be left to scholars and dilettanti to guide it through the breakers that lie in lis path. Its Bishops must be men of grit, very much of diplomatists and not a little of politicians, keeping manfully within touch of the new world of ideas that is revolving about them, mid without any objection to be suspected of a charitable tec-ling towards the secular forces that are struggling upwards to overwhelm them, unless they are guided into channels in which the Church of the future can make use- of tlicm for her own beneficent purposes. Mere Evangelists will not do, neither can the work be done by lmir-splitting casuists and meta physicians like that Dr. Magce, whose ser mons Bishop VTilberforce described as " a " miracle of logic, eloquence, imagination " and power, with scarcely enough gospel " to save a tomtit." The men to meet Mr. Joseph Chamberlain andtbe Disestab- lishera on something like equal terms, and to land the ark of the Church again safe on to the tableland of some more spiritual Ararat, that is not the House of Lords and is untrod by the foot of the tithe collector, must be themselves en dowed with the genius of explorers and the audacity of innovators, and not be over nice about bettering the instruction they receive from the precepts and examples pf them opponents. That the Church will emerge ffom the conflict with a new ' character and a new organisation is inevit- | able ; aud it will depend more than ever i upon the individuality of the ecclesiastics ! who shape her policy what her character ; will be. Already she is bestirring herself i for the work that is before her, entering | keenly into the warfare of parties, and i placing her pulpits at the disposal of their j platforms. We fir.d grave and reverend j rectors who have never before left the se clusion of their glebes fired with the zeal | of electioneering agents, and tiirowing up j their caps for Lord Salisbury or Mr. I Gladstone ; and catch tho principles of j Voluntaryism on the lips of curates who had never tasted anything stronger than the ' pure milk of the Establishment. One of the ' latter, a Rev. Mr. Kennedy of Carlisle, ; carried his detestation of the Tories so far j during the recent elections as to rccom- I mend the Liberals of his flock to take their 1 bribes — "tell a lie with their tongues, " aad with their fingers give the correct " Tots at the ballot box." For this extra- 1 i ordinary teaching ho has been publicly ; ! reprimanded by his Bishop : but his : Bishop knows very well to what it nil points, and that he is powerless to divert j tho thoughts of men from the reform their j hearts are set upon or to "backward spell , I " the muttering of dissevering power." ; ; Omens like thete are the heralds of ' changes that are already in progress. I They bespeak the p'reseuce of ideas in tho - ; air that are already travelling the road to ' j fruition. The severance of Chnrch and I I State is r.o longer an idea with Englishmen : indeed, but a programme ; j within measurable distance of fulfilment. | I It is the politics of the day after to- i morrow which must employ English states- j men as soon as ever the Irish difficulty is disposed of ; and it will be fortunate for . tiiem if they can always avail themselves ; of such aid to the solution of the problem j as the experience of a counsellor like I Bishop Moorhousc, to whom a Disestab- j lished Church isno longer. a novelty or a j chimera dire. I I . ! It is the fashion to think that our advance i in civilisation secures us from certain j aaugers to which life and property in old j times were liable, aud that cities like I London and Paris are no longer in danger ' of being starved out or plundered by j barbarians. The belief is a natural one, j for it rests on a knowledge of tho nnri- I vailed machinery by which the com- ; missariat of a great town is provided, and \ on the visible fact that modern police ; arrangements are singularly simple and j efficient. Nevertheless, it is only a few : years since London was within measurable i distance of starvation through a fall of snow j that blocked the railway lines ; two years ago there was a panic because great men and public buildings were being threatened with dynamite ; and now the roughs of London have been running riot in it3 most important streets, and sacking jewellers Ehops, as Uhlans or Cossacks might. The last of these events, which we are still in face of, is the most suggestive of incal culable danger, because it seems to be due to a revolt against the whole system of society. When we remember that a cer tain percentage of the English people is always on the verge of starvation, and that if a had season runs up the numbers of the unemployed to 10 per cent, we get at once 300,000 paupera for London alone, it is evident that if the men and women among these look round and count heads the adventure of hurling themselves against the gnardiana of order may not seem a very desperate one after all. Tho common explanation of the late riots in London undoubtedly is that they are due to famished laborers ; and there i3 a ten dency to forgive much of the excesses that have been committed, as the result of dire want, and to throw the blame on orators like Mr. Hyndman, who have taught the masses the secret of their strength by collecting them in great num bers, and who then stimulate their imagi nation with fiery harangues. The starved artisan who has listened to demonstrations after Ilenry George, that landowners are robbers, or after Hyndman, that the State ought to provide work of every kind at the highest prices, may easily go away, it is assumed, m that temper of mind which leads him to take forcibly a day's provi sion of the food his children need, or a fraction of the costly ornaments on which wealth is lavished. This theory of riots is a simple and plausible one, but there are great difficul ties in accepting it. It must be borne in mind that a time ot general distress like the present swells the number of the im poverished in a great city, not by throwing the thief or tho ne'er-do-well out of employment, but by closing the aveuues of employment to honest men. The criminal and idle classes are where they were, good year or bad ; it is the hard working mechanic or bricklayer who is now thrown upon the streets, and who has none of those resources for making a shift by his wits which the loafer is well versed in. Now, the habit of honesty is just, as inveterate as any other habit, and men who have been toil ing all their lives that they might keep out of crime, and pay their way as they went, are not likely to dash their fists through Howell and James's shop windows be cause they see a presentation cup or a tiara of jewels temptingly within reach. Neither would morality be the only restraint in such a case. A commonly respectable man can not shake off in a inomeut tho dread of the police and the thought that every eye is upon him, and would not know what to do with a large piece of plate or a valuable ring if he carried it off, and would pro bably understand that if he was known to have booty on his person he was certain to be hustled and robbed by professional rogues. Such a man might "heave half " a brick" at a club window if he was un usually impetuous, but would be just as unlikely to steal as a professional man who had got mixed up with the crowd. On the other hand, it is very certain that every time of political excitement calls the criminal classes out of their dens in the hack slums into the places where men con gregate. These creatures, men and women, are bound to pick up unconsidered trifles during the march, and now and again they get the chance, which the incredible negligence of the London police has just afforded them, of looting on a large scale. It was night birds like these, thieves and vagabonds, who perpetrated the worst horrors of the French revolution iu the name of liberty, aud who afterwards robbed and murdered during the White Terror in the name of monarchy. At the time of the Chartist demonstrations in 1848, this element of rascality showed itself hanging on to the skirts of working men's processions, but was just as distinguishable from the political agitators as from the special constables. If, on that occasion, the Dtike of Wellington's arrangements had not been so admirable a3 to make disorder almost impossible, a scene or two from the French revolution might easily havo been enacted in the Strand or Oxford-street. Wherever the Chartists had repulsed the police or the volunteers for a moment, the blackguards would have streamed in to fire the houses, and got them of their contents, or to broach c.-sks of spirits at the taverns, and get royally drunk with out charge. The first reflection that naturally occurs is that the London police have been criminally negligent in not guarding against an obvious danger. It is buder- ! stood that they generally make a raid be- j lore Derby Day, and lock up two or three ' hundred of the most noted pickpockets ou I charges that are always to hand, in order I that the purses of the community may be j protected. It would surely be possible j to make a haul of two or three thousand noted roughs before a political meeting of n very explositro kind comes off. As it is, it would seem as if places that invited at tack, and past widen thousands of ex cited men wero absolutely certain to march, were left to tho mercy and good temper of the crowd. The second reflection un doubtedly is that every ono who holds a mass meeting in a great city takes a very tremendous responsibility upon himself. We are not anxious to defend Mr. Uynd- rnau, who has given proof that he is not very scrupulous, and who appears to aim at j being a German Lassalle. Still, it may | well happen that the destitution of Lon don is so terrible, and the apathy oi the governing classes so heartless, that the popular tribune of the day may be justi- j fled in arranging a demonstration which j shall carry conviction, with it. Both the great parties of the fttate have been iu the habit of mustering in force against one another on political questions; and as they have gone on, though the practice has led to riots in several cases, they are not in a position to throw stones at Mr. Hyndman. Even so, however, assuming that the occasion justified a meeting, and that the speeches of the orators were not beyond measure inflammatory, it remains certain that the organisera of the demonstration had no right to be con tented with this. They were bound to i establish some temporary police of their | own, and to warn their hearers against the danger that outsiders might commit excesses. In France, an insurgent mob has a habit of hanging up or shooting persons whom it finds pilfering, and the consequence is that the first days of an insurrection are not 03 a rule very dangerous to property. Later on, when the new police is relaxed and the old police set aside, there Is the same trouble that there has beeu in London. The episode is a very disgraceful one, but it is not as alarming to think that thieves are always on the alert as to suppose that honest men may be transformed into plunderers by a few incendiaty speeches. 