DEPRESSION AND THE LAND QUESTION. [By R. Caldwell, M P.] Judging by reports coming to hand from the other colonies and elsewhere that condition of social affairs to which the name of "depression" has been given is almost universal. In different localities the aspect of the conditions may vary, but the nature is substantially the same ; the results also are very similar. The working man is the true barometer of society, and by his position the state of affairs may be correctly estimated. When prosperity is general no complaint is made, but when adverse circumstances arise we are soon made aware of their existence bj- his attitude. The position of the working man has changed a little since the day when Burns thus directed attention to him in cne of his poems :— See yonder poor o'erlaeorcd wight. So abject, mean, and vile. Who be£B a brother of the eirth To give him room to toil. The "o'erlabored wight" of the last century is not quite "so abject, mean, and vile" as he lias been, and though sometimes oat of employment he is not now in the habit of begging " a brother of the earth to give him room to toil." His intellect has been quickened, and where he was once disposed to beg he is now inclined to demand. The London riots of last week in a small way let us see " in one wild hour how much the wretched dare." We have had illustrations of the presence of a similar disposition nearer home. It is just possible that the " stern and stalwart ghost" which the poet of Scotland in his " Vision" saw arising has appeared again. But however that may be, no thoughtful man can afford to despise the movement now being made by organisations of working men, especially when it is considered that these move ments are the necessities of certain condi tions. In our own colony it cannot be eaid that the demands of the working classes are very unreasonable. Many of them were induced to leave the mother country through the colored representa tions of immigration lecturers in receipt of Government pay; and it must be ad mitted that it was on easy matter at one time to get people persuaded to come out here (and of course when they did come their expectations were scarcely realised). Is it not a fact that many were even coaxed to come to South Australia at the in stance of a too ambitious Government ? Words need not be wasted in proving that such was actually the case. But let every man bear his own burden. Certain classes of laborers were in request, and those who represented themselves to be oilier than they were in order to secure a free passage to the colony deserve to put up with the consequences. Of such indi viduals we have reason to believe that i there are not a few now amongst the un- j employed. If, on the other hand, honest men and women have been deluded, they have just cause to seek redress from those who were instrumental in causing them to come out to a place where their services were not required. But here they are, and here we find them helping to indi cate a depression. As might have been expected, tradespeople and those directly associated with them are the first to com plain. A certain American has said Choppers and fishers and ploughmen Snail constitute the State. We in South Australia have attempted to constitute the State with the representa tives of other classes, sush as agents, masons, financiers, or professional men; but so far the attempt has not been a success. An authority on social economy gives the following symptoms as premonitory of all depressions or commercial crises:—l. Great prosperity. 2. Enterprises and speculations of all descriptions. 3. A ' rise in the price of land and houses. 4. A more active demand for labor and a rise in wages. 5. A fall of interest. 6. A credulous public; and 7. A taste for commercial gambling. How these ? symptoms agree with some of the stages which the affairs of this colony have passed through those j who. have been noting the progress of events will surely be able to say. No more serious task awaits the legislation of the present day than the removal of the depression which is beginning to be felt all over the world, and which is first indicated by the "unemployed difficulty." A few years ago our position as colonists was very different from what we now find it to be. We were in a sense isolated; the value of our products was regu lated according to local supply and demand. It was surprising to see how values then fluctuated. A few years farther along the line of our experience a good harvest and shearing were considered to be the panacea for all the troubles the colony could suffer. Those times have gone, and though much still may be expected from the return of pros perous seasons, these desiderata alone can not now ensure success, or give such an impetus as could be desired to our flagging progress. We are no longer isolated, but have become part and parcel of the great world of industry and commerce. In order to estimate our true position now, the position of the whole world must be considered, for telegraph wires, swift steamboats, and railway lines have united every country and every inte rest. At the same time the law which regulates individual and social influence has not ceased to operate. A blackfellow may cut the telegraph wires or put a stop to the progress of the most powerful loco motive, and the adoption of a wrong policy of government may prove disas trous to any colony no matter how good its resources are. The time has scarcely arrived which requires us to consider and adapt out little system of political economy to the systems or fragments of systems in operation in far distant lands, but we are in a position and the time has come when the effects of earlier legislationon colonists and the colony should be ascertained. We may thus discover some of the causes of the depression, and learn whether relief is possible or not. Fortunately we do not require to travel far back in order to get to the beginning of colonisation. The early settlers found material of a certain description to operate upon; soil on the whole over a considerable area very fair; but the rainfall was very uncertain, as was truly indicated by the natural products (or the want of natural products) — those long stretches of dry scrubs instead of forests ; the stunted shrubbery on the hillsides; and the large extent of treeless country, the dreariness of which was only broken by the weird vision-objects of mirage. Such it must be admitted were the peculiarities of by far the larger portions of the surface which those had to deal with who came here to lay down the foundations of a colony. From a safe distance, wisdom in the words of an old paraphrase may nave sung With joy I saw the abode prepared Which man was doomed to fill. But eternal wisdom could scarcely have been joyful when she saw the ** doomed" ones attempting to occupy abodes only in course of prepara tion. On such a surface the establish ment of a large population was next to impossible—that is, judging from what appeared above the surface. By the Burnt, however, and some of the mining towns on Yorke's Peninsula we are reminded that apparent short comings on the surface may be fully made up by underground resource, and it remains yet to be seen to what extent our rock treasures will help us in attempting to establish a denser settlement of human beings. It will not be long before a limit is reached, if wheat and wool and copper are to be considered our only products, as they have been considered in the past. Colonial progress and conditions must be estimated by the working out of these '-three'sources of production. Their, con ditiop at the present tune, is most cer tainly indicative' of the condition- of- the I society which has derived a sub sistence from them. With Ihesi three interests depressed it would be a matter exciting much surprise if. the condition of the colony were other than it is at the present time. But the depres sion has been aggravated. If in the market of the world (where we have been forced to trade) wool is only Is. per pound, whe£& 4s- <mL per bushel, and copper £43 a ton, unless we can put ourselves in a position to supply these commodities at the prices ruling we had better leave their production to others, or make up our minds to "hang on" until something turns up. These is a third alternative which has been followed already to no inconsiderable extent—attempt to do as the fishes do — live on one another. But the latter resort is not a commendable one; it can only tend to aggravate still further the depression which it has had much to do in bringing about. Trouble does not always spring from the dust, but a larger amount of the trouble of the day is attributable to the land system which has been adopted by us than many are aware of. Look at the condition of our pastoral lessees- and agriculturists. A few of the former who have been fortunate enough to secure large blocks of inside country appear to be fairly contented. But the case is very different with those who have holdings outside. Their position is so unenviable that the Treasurer of the colony was heard to say on a memorable occasion, "nothing would . induce him to in vest a pound on South Australian lease holds under the present system of tenure." This admission coming from one of the Ministry "has meaning in it if not mirth." Our farmers also are far from being the most contented people under heaven. And little wonder. When introducing the Crown Lands Amendment Bill of last ses sion, in a speech intended to inspire hope, the Commissioner made certain statements worthy of being reconsidered. Here is one which will help to account for the unsettled disposition of our agricultural population—" Notwithstanding all the concessions made to the selectors it would be gratifying to know that the average price received for the land was quite equal to that realised in the other colonies. The simple fact was that we had always estimated our hinds at too high a figure. In Victoria the maximum price was a pound an acre, and the follow ing table would show that our selectors had paid as much for the land as had been received in any other colony." (Here followed a table proving that oar land sales had reached an avenge of a trifle over £1 4s. 2d. par acre.) After dealing with some figures show ing large indebtedness on the part of selectors on account of land sold, the Commissioner continued—"Here we had an outstanding credit for land from selectors of £3,750,000, which could be paid in ten years. It was something to fall back upon, and he believed title State would receive every shilling of this money, and hon. members would see that our position was not so bad as many had made out." It is indeed a "simple fact" that we have been always estimating our lands at too high a figure, yet it is surely far from gratifying to know'that the average price paid by our farmers is higher—"notwithstanding the conces sions," mark—than the amount realised in the other colonies, where there is a better average rainfall and the wheat yield is half as much again as it is here. No wonder our farmers are discontented and find their way across the border from fame to time. If the TnnYimnm price had been even the same as it is in Victoria the circumstances of the South Australian fanner would have been very different, and then he would scarcely have been on a footing with his competitor over the border. The consideration of these facts, as stated by the Treasurer and Commissioner, proves conclusively that some of our most important industries have: been and are still heavily handicapped. It would be comforting to learn that some steps were being taken to remove the disabilities under.which our people have.- been,labor ing, and .the disabilities never will be removed until that bad auction system, from which we have suffered so much, has been abolished, and people get their land at a fair and not at a fictitious value. The land system adopted in the settlement of Canada and some of the states of North America is calculated to have a more satisfactory result than the discontent and depression-producing system adopted here. A laudable attempt, at the instigation of the Hon. G. W. Cotton, is about to be made to provide small holdings for the working man. But the working man will have to go into the auction room, where it is more than likely he wul be forced to give two shillings, half-a -crown, and three shillings an acre, for land which has been valued by the Government at half these amounts. Verily earth troubles are in store for the working man also! It must be allowed that our hind system has a depressing tendency; nor is the depression confined to the selector or pastoral lessee; every department of business suffers, and the Govern ment of the colony most of aIL How about the outstanding credit of 3f millions, which could be paid in ten years i It is certainly something to fall back upon, and it may be that" the State will get every shilling of the money;" but after all is it not better to keep people working hopefully on the land than see them weighted down so heavily that the first unfavorable season makes them de spondent and begin clamoring for con cessions or assistance, compelling the farmer to lean on the storekeeper, the storekeeper on the wholesale merchant, and the wholesale merchant on the capi talist—resulting in all round embar rassment, including even the unsuspecting members of the Civil Service. The endeavor of our Government hitherto has been to extort the very last possible mite either in hard cash or pro missory note (which agreement to pur chase means) before an individual is allowed to obtain occupation of a piece of land. The deferred payment system having, at first sight, an easy appearance, people are tempted to enter into obliga tions which they do not .realise the importance of. We have thus suc ceeded in alienating a large extent of territory, but whether to the advantage of all concerned or not we will scarcely be able to determine until pay day has fully come. To get rid of goods is one tiling; to get in the money another, as the busi ness man very well knows. But the deferred payment system as applied to hind need not be made objectionable. If selectors receive fair value for their money or credit no one should have cause to complain. Indirectly it would be far better for the colony to give settlers— aye, and squatters also—a reasonable ex tent of land for nothing, and see them, put it to a good use by making better pro vision for the storage of water, by adopt ing a better system of cultivation and by the erection of a better class of dwellings for themselves and their workmen, than continue to do as we have been doing, let them have it under such terms ?"T^ Condi* tions as tend to muddle them and every body connected with them. The idea should be not so much to get people to take np land as to get people to establish themselves upon it. Permanent advantage can only result from the adoption of the latter idea. The Commissioner has truly said "our position is not quite so hopeless as many have made out." At the same time unless a better system is adopted, like Noah's dove he will find no resting-place, for the sole of his foot. Trouble will con tinue to follow trouble, and if tiis ghoul depression is removed now it will surelj return in a form more difficult to be dealt witi. ? 