Strange Sights in Italy. Nature has done so much for the City of Naples that it seems to have been a little discouraged and never to have reached the robustness it attained in the more northern cities of Italy. The architecture of Naples strikes the visitor from Rome as poor indeed when compared with that of the latter city, but what it may lack in art is more than made up by its situation and the beauty and grandeur of its surroundings, its islands, its mountains, and its incomparable bay. And just at the present time old Vesuvius hangs out a banner of cloud by day and fire by night, which, remember- ing its history, seems a threatening portent, recall- ing what it has done and suggesting what it may do again. | |I had the good fortune to be one of a party that selected the only entirely clear day we've had since the 20th for the ascent of the mountain, and while I do not intend to give you anything so hackneyed as a description of the ascent of Vesuvius, I could not help thinking while on its cone of ashes, as near the crater as we dared to go, how impossible . it is for the tourist, the railroad company, and the swarm of worthless guides all combined to make it n. commonplace experience or other than a very memorable one, to stand on this smoking cone, and hear breathing of the monster within. The mouth is shrouded in white sulphurous smoke, through which in intermittent bursts flame and melted lava is hurled upward, accompanied by a rushing sound like steam from some mighty engine. The whole phenomenon is on so titanic a scale that no figure drawn from things familiar will adequately suggest. The side of the mountain from which the lava stream is now issuing is for 100 feet or so on either side of it a quaking bog, with firm, though hot, lava at the top, and, in place of the mud and ooze that should form the bog proper, in the Vesuvian bog it is molten lava, that gleams through between the cracks and gives one the unpleasant suspicion that at any moment the crust on which you aro Sfcinding may either cave in or slide down the incline, exposing its fiery bed. The traveller, if he wishes a unique experience, should, after leaving the mountain, drive on to Pompeii, which he can easily reach by dusk, and after a comfortable supper, to be had at the " Inn of the Sun," let him go forth either by moonlight or starlight and visit the buried, or rather the un buriod, city, lying white and Btill and ghastly in the uncertain light. You feel that should its streets suddenly become re-peopled it would not astonish you, that the astonishing thing is its blank emptiness, its dead silence. The fact that the moonlight view is contraband, and must be done in a very noiseless way, does not lesson its flavor, although we were assured by a young American gentleman, whom wo met at the hotel, and who kindly went as our guide, and who had committed this sin before, that any good Italian who might see us among these rums would certainly do nothing worse than cross himself and move away to report the seeing of more ghosts at night in Pompeii. That we would faro as well if seen by the guard lie did not feel so certain. By daylight much of this ghostlmess ÍB gone, but the interest is not lessened. The art of Pompeii (its marbles and wall paint- ing) is almost wholly removed to the museum at Naples. What remain are its deserted street tem- ples and dwellings, these all lying open to the sky, not a roof or door, save one or two temporary modern ones, are to be found here. Of course, nothing really new can be said about Pompeii, yet it is an ever fresh wonder and unlike any other ruins, in that it brings you so close to the buildings to those who lived and moved and had their being in these streets and houses 1800 years ago. The bakers' oven is so perfect it might be UBed to-day, in fact the bread of his last bake also remains, a little stale, but perfect in shape, w,ith the bakers' stamp upon it. The bath, the foun- tain, as if they might have been used yes terday. In one corner of a room, bedded in the ashes, lies a skeleton, the volcanic ash that was his pillow for near 2000 years, undisturbed that he still may rest upon it. The cast of another who had turned to dust is shown, still clutching tho money belt fastened round his waist. Another, a delicate J woman's foim lying with face buried in her folded arms as if trying,to shutout the stifling smoke; another, a woman and child lying close together ; another, an old gentleman lying peacef tilly, with his head resting on one arm, as if in sleep. It is difficult to analyze the feelings that crowd upon you while looking at these evidences of a catastrophe so terrible. It is with an effort that you compel yourself to believe that it occurred at the beginning of the Christian Era-that the bread your are looking at is older than the earliest books of the Now Testament ; that the old gentleman so quietly resting on his arm may have conversed with St. Paul, and St. Peter, too, if Catholic tradition bo I correct. I It is this great age, coupled with such remarkable j preservation, that constitutes the unique quality in Pompeii as a ruin. The volcano withdrew it from the first century to give it back to us of the nineteenth. 