PHELAN HAPPY BUT LAME. " Good avening, Phelan, how is Mary Ann an' yourself?" said Michael O'Rourke as the two friends met at O'Phesey's place up in Dolittle Alley. " Oli ! we are well, thank ye, Moike. I.n fact, Oi moight say, loife is worth the livin wance more, an' Oi fale as light hearted as a aalf in a tin acre lot. You see the skatin' riuks have all closed, an' now Mary Ann is continued to stay be the house an' cook me males for me. Niver tlieless, Moike, wid every bit of swate there is always a certain amount av bitter, an' be me soul, Oi got moy share lasht noight, an' Oi am that lame that Oi fale as if a strate car had run over me pur son." " Phat was it, Phelan, that made ye lame ? Oi hope it is nothing serious," said Michael, in a sympathetic tone of voice. "_Oh, it was something serious, Moike, an' if ye will be aisy, Oi will tell you how it happened. Do you renumber not long me son Edward, the dude, an' Patsy troid to scare me be pretendin' that there wa3 burglars in the house ?" " Oi do that same, for ye come up here to O'Phesey's the next day an' tould the gang abute it," replied Michael. " Well," continued Phelan, " a Oi tould yez thin, in the foiglit that tuk place, the three av us fell upon Patsy's bull pup, an' he gave up the ghost widout a struggle. Yisterday Patsy brought home another brute av the same koind, a brother or sister av the wan he lost, Oi believe, an' turned it loose in the back yard. Mary Ann called me attintion to the dog whin Oi wint home at noon, but dogs niver take to me somehow, an' Oi didn't culti vate his acquaintance. Lasht noight after supper Mary Ann said that she was going over to your house for a little whoile an' axed me wud Oi go along, but Oi de cloined, sayin' that Oi had some wood to saw. She left, an' afther Oi had finished slimokin' me poipe, Oi wint out in the yard afther a stick av cord wood, which Oi intended to fetch into the wood-shed. Oi had got no farther than the cinter av the yard whin Oi1- saw a whoite strake comin' at me, an' Oi jumped asoide jist in toime to have it go by widout stroikin' me. Me moind was made up in a minute, an' Oi knew that unless Oifcloimed some thing moighty suddent, Oi wouldn't hav« a whole pair av pants on me body. The dog was betune me an' the woodshed, an' so Oi skinned roiglit up on top av a board fence. Now, there is a brick barn next to the fince, wid only a space av abute six inches betune the two, an' in me haste to get beyant the reach av the dog, both me legs got wedged into that space an' there Oi stuck. Oi niver realized befure how lonesome Oi could be widout Mary Ann for company. Oi troied to coax the dog be talking baby talk to liim, but he wouldn't have it that way. Ivery toime that Oi opened me mouth he opened his too, and let a growl that made the cold chills crawl up me back. Oi called for help but nobody was round to hear me, an' for three long hours Oi was obliged to remain in that position. Finally Mary Ann came home, an' on hearing me yell, came out in the yard. In less toime than it takes to tell, that bloomin' pup had Mary Ann treed on top av the wood-pile, an' thin he sat himself in the middle av the yard, an' showed his teeth as though he was laughing at us. Oi looked over at me woife an' sez Oi. ' Mary Ann, me love, are ye aisy on the cord wood?' " Te see Oi wanted to appear cheer ful." ' Am Oi aisy, is it ?' sez she, ' Jist ye wait till Oi get outen this, an' Oi'll fill that dog so full av poison that he will think he has stliruck a rough on rats' factory.' ' Did ye as me to wait till ye got outen this ? sez Oi in a jockin' way. * Oi did,' sez she, * an if ye had a bit av pluck abute ye, ye wud come off the fince an' baste the pup over the head wid a brick.' • That is all very noice to say,' sez Oi, ' but Oi am that fasht betune the fince an' the barn that Oi can't stir aither fut.' " At this moment Patsy came out to see phat was up, an' whin he discovered the two av us treed be the d?g, he called Eddie, an' they gave us the laugh. Patsy called off the dog, an' Maay Ann crawled down, but they were obliged to knock off three boards befure Oi could get off of the fincc. Oi informed Patsy that aither the dog would have to lave or Oi wud feed him on dynamite, an' explode him be hittin' him wid a brick. 