WINSTO WE. BY MBS. LEITH-ADAMS. CHAPTER UK.—(Concluded.) Silence was the most fitting tribute to this nobility of candour, and, feeling this intuitively, Gay let the Bubject drop, and passed on to his own personal experiences, past and present—hie own fears and anxieties for the future. It was a daife story to listen to, this laying baic <it a life's wrong doing, and at first YViLiiui shrank from hearing it with an acuteness of pain that almost betrayed him into irritable intolerance. AB Guy went on—as lie spoke of the straggles and longings towards a better and purer life that had arisen in his heart—as he told of self-abasement in the presence of Lilian's innocent truth, of the loathing of past degrading influences when compared with her sweet, womanly refinement, all the generosity of William's nature was aroused. He began to feel as though his hand clasped that of one who was sinking in the deep waters of sin, and who might be saved by the firm, helpful hold of one stronger than himself—saved* for her, and in the end made worthy of her love. "It is strange you should have come to me and told me all this, Tremlett," said William, feeling, aB he looked back upon the resolves of the last two days, as if they were phantoms seen through the mist of many years of existence. " I am the creature of impulse ; I came on the impulse of a moment's repentance," answered Guy. "My whole life has been without ballast, and without aim or end, and you are the only man I have ever known whom I.felt to be stronger and better than myself. I disliked you once because I was forced to feel this." William smiled. *'Perhaps our aversion was mutual.'* " And yet you are too generous, I know, to have been jealous of me. "Few men are above jealousy; stall hardly think I should have felt as I did, had I been convinced you were worthy of the dearest, sweetest, truest woman that ever drew breath." "By Heaven, you're right there!" broke in Guy; " I am not worthy to kiss the ground her little foot has pressed! I know it in my better moments, Snow; but when the raging devil gets hold of me—that horrible, irresistible craving for the old excitements, that eats into a man's very heart—I forget; and then others try to get hold of me and lead me on. Once already in my life I have been mad—mad with drink " _ For a moment his voice failed, and his listener, gleaning more and more the bitter truth of what influences were at work urging on the mother to sacrifice Lilian to the chance of her son's salvation, could find just then few Words to answer. " I must tell you," went on the poor fellow, after a moment's struggle with himself; " it will do me good to have it all out; and for her sake you will help'me to make the future more worthy of her, and of myself. It was down at the Court; no one, not even the servants, ever knew ; no one but my—mother— and that shadowy creature, Ponsonby; they gave out that I had the fever, and in one of the upper rooms, shut off by double doors—a room where tradition says a mad Tremlett died by his own hand, the two women nursed me through it. Think of it, what it must have been! Two women alone, hearing the ravings of a poor mad wretch—striving with their poor strength to hold down hands that would have torn " The sweat stood out in beads upon his brow; his eyes looked as full of fear as though he saw before him the dreadful scenes he was describing re • enacted in some weird, mental fantasy; his lips worked nervously, yet seemed losing the power of coherent speech. "Hush! said William, authoritatively, ' no more of these past troubles; let the past lie, Tremlett; cast it behind you; resolve to look steadily onward. No man ever yet retrieved a past that he suffered himself to dwell upon." "' It is never too late to mend,' eh ?—that's what you mean V put in the other, with a faint smile. "Well, I thought so too once; but there's a devil within one stronger than 1 thought." "There's a God above one, stronger than man or devil either." The simple, manly expression of dependence on a higher aid than that of any mere human strength sounded strangely in the ears of one whom no hand had ever yet led even One single step heavenward; to whom no tongue had ever spoken of the high and holy influences that can mould man's fife after the divine pattern of the God-man, Christ. There is ground too sacred to be intruded upon in the pages of a story such as this. We who know what the training of William Snow's life had been, and the simple, faithful, God-fearing life of the man who had been to him more than ever father was to son, may well imagine how the precious herbs of healing garnered up in boyiBh years, and held sacred still in the days of manhood, were opened out in all the sweetness of their heavenly balm and consolation. Honest, manly, straightforward words of warning were spoken; encouragement and sympathy, such as one human heart can bestow upon another in time of need, were given freely; and Guy, with that elastic rebound from depression which was a characteristic, of his impulsive nature, began to take a more cheerfuljview of life and its possibilities. " Well, now you know all, and what a weak fellow I am, what do you tlunk of me taking a run in Charlev Bolton's yacht for a couple of months?" "I think you could do nothing better," said William, decidedlyi "you look as if a brisk sea breeze would do you all the good in the world." "SoitwilL I shall come back as fresh as arose—start fresh., you know—turn over a new leaf, and all that sort of thing." " God send it may be so, for your own sake, TreriJelt, and for lots !.. By-the-way, the poor child will hardly like yonr going—" As he spoke he had a Vision of the dear eyes he loved growing suddenly mistywith tears, of a childlike mouth trembling with the knowledge of Guy's intended absence. " If I tell her it ia for my good that I Bhould go, and if you endorse the bill (your word is a sort of complete gospel to Lilian) she will Test content, though her dear little face will grow sad over it, 1 dare say; she is such a loving darling!" , " She ,iB a womJta ' In who#i there is no guile,' and whose .nature is pure and true as crystal: she wTtLbe faithful to you through ' evfl xeport and gdodreport.' May God help you to spare her frorit sorrow!" "Amen to that! -My. dear /Snow, there never vm a fellow full of good Intentions as I am! When I fuBt 'learned to love that girl, uid found sjie, loved jne, I would have defied the devil " himself to lead me Into the old bad ways! I promised my mother not to touch a bit of punted pasteboard, not to lift/my elbow—in fact, to be a respectable member of Eociety; and then I broke the promise, and when the bout was over,v cut away from the sight of Liliie's face, for fear her eyes should drag the^rutfa from me." " Fin gladMra. Tremlett is so anxious"— began his listener, with a sudden qualm of self-reprqachfor jpast harsh judgment. Oh, my mother would pawn the Tremlett diamonds to see me settled down in'"life ! You see, if there's no heir to Tremlett T Court " William started upt crossed the room rapidly, opened the door, and lmked out into the passage. . "What is it?—what's'the matter!" said Guy. "I thought I heard some one—ijt might have been some one wanting me." " It might ha vn heen a ghost ?" laughed the other. " Why, you're -u^white as a sheet, Snow V The room had grown dusky while the two men were talking, and now Guy could see the pale face of his companion distinct against the gloom. : " 1 am rather done up," said William. " I have.had a stiffish time of it lately;?.and he passed his hand wearily, across his brow.< " And I've, been bothering you with all my nonsense! Well, I don't (think yon'd£mind if yon knew nrat arelief it is to have told some one all about it.. Itwill make tilings ever so much eaaer to know you're hoping that I shall joe along straight. I shall write to you while lmaway^and atChrirtmas we shall forgather at the old place." " At Winstowe ?' " Yes. What a jolly place it is!—far the most comfortable wigwam I know. Why, there's a chair in the smoking-room that beats any chair I know into fits — not excepting, mind you, the Wellington or any other Club in town; it's a regular Sleepy Hollow !" How strangely the man's sensuous, selfindulgent nature came out even in a tarifle like this ! The pleasure of the passing hour was the ruling passion—if anything so paltry deserves the name—of Guy Tremlett's-life. To walk along life's way and gather the flowers as he passed;, to revel in their perfume and their beauty, and then to cast them aside, and seek fresh blossoms to replace them—this was his idea of happiness 1 Unstable as water, thou shalt not excel." The old vivid description of a vacillating, undisciplined man .came into William's mind as he . looked at the handsome head "thrown back against tbe-crimsoh-covered chair, just where the faint,, lingering light caught the glossy rippled hair and soifc.dai k eyes. Gu>'s serious ht was ovec^ yLike a child " tired of being good," he began to weary of what he graphically designated 3o himself " sober yarns." "iYU&i; sert 9l Mi?w is m PoUon. with vhom you are going on this cruise?" aske 1 William, searching about for matches, aa I turning the gasalier towards him, ready for lighting. "Ohi steady as Old Time without his scythe, and nothing to amuse himself with but his hourglass; smokes like a chimney, and warranted and warranted free from any other vice. Charley's idea of perfect bliss is to lie on his back on the deck of the Sea Star—as tight a little vessel as ever put to sea—and gaze at the stars through a cloud of A1 cavendish." Here, the matches having been found, the gas suddenly flared up, and displayed Mr. Tremlett in the act of stifling a prolonged yawn. You're not coming up to Park-lane tonight, then ?" he said, recovering himself, pitching} the long since discarded cigar out of the window and lighting another. William touched a formidable pile of papers that lay upon the desk still to be copied out. "This doesn't look much like going anywhere." " Well, no," said Guy, " confound it! What an infernal nuisance it must be to have to do what you don't like ! , , . . "By Jove! there's that uncanny familiar of yours doing sentry below there"—and he glanced through the open window. Jim was wandering aimlessly about Figtree Court, too restless to set to any work, too beset a with vain imaginings as to what the long interview in his master's room might mean, to do anything but roam here and there like a goblin shadow. Was some fresh trouble coming to the man whom he loved with a love " passing the love of women?" On what errand had that softvoiced man, the "gentleman" who haunted places of evil repute, and came out into the streets drank, come'to the quiet court in the City? How Jim hated—yes, in spite of the experience of the past — hated his smooth words, and the gleam of the big diamond on his long white hand * How he loathed eash particular sign of iwealth and prosperity in the man who had stolen the light from hia master's life! It was all very fine for the white-headed old priest in the little Churchthat hallowed spot of rest in the restless bustling City—to cry aloud against those who harboured vengeance in their hearts; but what did he know about it after all? Had he ever loved any one as Jim loved the old playmate whose voice had soothed his pain in the days long past? Had he ever seen some alien hand lay cruel hold upon the fairest flower that grew more than once during the last tew weeks Jim had stolen of a Sunday evening into the little Church; he had listened to the rise and fall of the litanies, and the voices of the choristers chanting sweet antiphons of praise; but the old spirit of humility and faith was no longer in the heart of the listener, and so the hcly sounds found there no echo. " If you were a different fellow, Snow, I should fancy you were glad to get me out of the way," said Guy, with an uneasy laugh, as he was about to go. "As it is, I know you will be true as steel." His bearer flushed hotly for a moment, then looking him straight in the eyes, he said, sternly— "I have always been true to you and to myself, Tremlett—God forbid I should ever be otherwise! But, since you have given me your confidence, it is best that 1 should guard against even a shadow of distrust. I shall start next week for the north, and s£bnd some time with my friend, Pelham Pettigrew. When you and I ' foregather,' as you say, at Winstowe, we will travel there together." Before the grander, greater natare, the lesser one felt some shame. " I was only jesting," said Guy, flipping the ashes from the end of his cigar. "I truBtyou fully. Snow; I have proved it by the confidences I hare given to you to- nigbt." *' You have; they and you are safe with me, Tremlett." Then the two men shook hands and parted. "Good night," said Guy, as he passed the figure of the clerk standing outside the door below. Jim's distorted form cast a weird shadow on the flagged court; his deep-Bet eves- looked up at the speaker's face, his hand touched his hat in respectful salutation, but by no-single word did he return the greeting. He would wish his master's enemy no manner of good thing, not even a " good night." Softly whistling to himself, Guy Tremlett crossed the court, and passed along: thecloisters out of sight. Jim crept softly up the stairs. The door of his master's room was unlatched; he pushed it softly open, and took a step or two in. But be stopped, hesitated a moment, and Stole away as silently as he-had come.. William Snow's arms rested on the paperstrewn desk, his hands were-clasped acrosshis brow; he was too deep in thought-to hear the light footfall of his faithful eorvant. " I knew it! I knew it!" moaned Jim, safe in the refuge of his little room under the leads. Meanwhile, in the light room below, William let bitter thoughts aad ponderiugs have their way. It had come to this. Whatever came- or went he could da BO more than stand by and commend hia darling to God's keeping. • Guy Tremlett had given him a sacred trust; he had sought his counsel; as a weak and tempted man, he had stretched forth hiB hand to himfcr help; henceforth .his .tongue could utter no single word against one. who had so trusted him—he was " bound down!" 