GOOD WISHES. The ideas suggested by tho periodical recurrence of Christmas and New Year's Day are so manifold and so various that it would take some time merely to enume rate tbeni. To the Christian worshipper the 25th of December represents of course the feaBt of the Nativity, and endless are thu theological questions aud controversies recalled by the very name. The unsu sopisticated taste of childhood welcomes a feast of a more material kind, and discerns, or used to. discern — fur we cannot venture to pronounce what the march, of intellect may have done to dispel such pleasant illusions from the mind of the rising generation — a peculiar and superlative flavour in the Christmas turkey aad mince pies. And if we pass from Christinas to New Year's Duy, there are again tho solemn associations of a Church festival and of the entering on a new stage in tho journey of life. But there are also historical recollections recalled by the first of January occurring when and as it does how occur. Till comparatively recent times the year used to begin on the twenty-fifth of March, and later still it began, according to the old stylo, on what is now the twelfth of January. These are but a few of the more obvious suggestions of the traditional ' merry Christmas and happy new year.' But there is one speciality of the season wore characteristic even — perhaps more uni versal — than the consumption of the inevitable plum-pudding, and that is ths bestowal of good wishes by evcrybudy on everybody else during the charmed week which intervenes between ChristmaB and New Year's Day. There are many different ways of con veying good wishes, substantial and uu aubstantial. Nobody will dispute the value of a wish when it is father, not to. a thought, but to a silver spoon. But there are various methods of expressing one's friendly sentiments apart from these material guarantees of their sincerity. In Belgium, for iustance, it u the custom for everyone to make the round of Iijb acquaintances either on New Year's Day or some day soon after, and personally assure them, if at home, of his distin guished consideration. This uninter mitting succession of morning calls, which in fact extend from morn to dewy eve, must become, one would think, a little wearisome to both host and visitor. At New York a similar usage prevails, but the matter is compromised by leaving cards or photographs, so that a man's popularity may be measured by the number of his New Year's cards, as a university-school boy's popularity is tested by the number of his leaving books. The exuberance of Russian sympathy on these festive occasions can find no adequate vent but in a warm embrace ; and we have heard of a sturdy Englishman, who happened to be employed as on engineer in the construction of a railroad to St. Petersburg, being rather overpowered by the explosive endearments of the native navvies on Easter Day. which is the great popular festival in Russia. These things are managed differently with us, aa be comes the character of a reasonable and practical people. The use of tho pre scribed formula, enforced at most by a modified application of the ' pump-handle movement,' is held to satisfy all the re- i qiiiremcutp of the case. Aud perhaps our greetings 'are not the less really genuine | from their want of elaborate finish or j generous 'gush.' But for both alike! the general question suggests itself, what I ia the origin and what is the meaning of [ the custom ? Society may be -roughly ; divided into the prosperous and the un- - fortunate classes. We do not mean ' simply the rich and poor, but those whose ' life has oil thu whole been a success, and : those whose life has been a failure. Now tho beginning of a new year, whether of ! one's own life or of the life of the world, i cannot but have a peculiar significance for . both classes of persons. It is something . like the sensation of passing a milestone, . which is pleasant or the reverse according tu the satisfaction one is able t-- take in ; what has already been accomplished iu the? earlier stages of the journey. Children enjoy birthdays, for they have no regrete in the paBt, and the 'bngr long thoughts' of boyhood paint a rose coloured future radiant with uocfeequerpd hopes. And to prosperous men io later life birthdays are an agreeable souvenir of past successes, and aa augury of equal or greater results to be realized in years to come. To them birthday greetings, or New Year's greetings for that matter, come natural enough, though they have such an inexhaustible fund of satisfaction in themselves that they hardiy need them. But to those whose memory is darkened whether by the faults or missortunes of their previous career, and who have little to look to in the future, it is Dot altogether pleasant to be reminded that another year is taken from the. sum of life, and that they are nearer the end without being nearer the attainment of any definite aim. In their ear the con ventional congratulations sound almost like an insult, and do but force them to remember what they would prefer, if possible, not to think about at all. To a man whose life is saddened or perplexed the good wishos of a merry Christmas, or jf ' many happy returns' of what to bini is a bsrre'n anniversary, serve only to recall the ghosts of shattered hopes and departed joys. His wishes, so far as he ventures to have any, might be rudely summed up iu tho old nursery rhyme : — 'I wish,' said Dick, ' but wibhing's vain, I had my pudding back again. ' But having long left the nursery, he is painfully conscious that the cake which has once been eaten cannot be eaten again. So that it really seems almost to come to this — that the good wishes of the season are only welcome to those who would scarcely miss them if withheld. To them that have, something is given, which they accept, but do not need ; from them that have not, something is taken away by depriving them of the poor cotiBolatiou of trying to forget the poverty of their lives. Really there does seem to bS ground for suspecting that in a very large proportion of instances such greetings are either a .mockery or a superfluity. But it does not follow from this that the cuBtom is a bad oue in itself, or that it would be better to drop it. Words, it is true, break no bones, and, as the queen of the crocodiles justly re flected, mend none of the eggs that are broken. Yet hind wordi? have their uses when they are kindly meant, and e^en the Christmas and new year's congratulations of a casual acquaintance need not be insincere. We are so dependent in a thousand ways on one another, and there is so much to make every one think only of himsolf, that it is somethi ig to be obliged once a year to put on at least the appearance of geniality. Bishop Sparrow tellB us that the old salutation in the Church service, ' the Lord be witli you,' with the response of the congregation, was designed to keep, up a friendly feeling, between prioBt and people. Our periodical exchange of mutual good wishes must have had an analogous origin. How far it fulfils its purpose depends very much on the cordiality of those who observe the form ; and for this reason, if for no other, we much prefer the old-fashioned greeting of ' A merry Christinas and happy new year' to tho frigid inanity of the ' compliments of the season.' Parliament. — Parliament will meet for business on 18th January. Tender Acubfted. —James Hendry, construction of bridge over creek between East and West Burrowa, £400. 'Bcrrowa News' Almanac— With the next issue we shall publish cur almanac for 1887. The Yass P.M.— Mr. J. F. Konyon, police magistrate of Yass, will shortly be succeeded by Mr. Buchanan, stipendiary magistrate of Sydney. Mr. Buchanan has recently been on leave through illness, aud as his appointment to Yass is said to be merely temporary-, it *oeim probable that lie is coming there for tho benefit of his health. Mr. ICeovon will proceed to Narrabri as P.M. and C.P.S. Catholic — The Rov. Father Walsh, who has been attached to the Burrowa Cathalic mission for the past three years, left on Thursday morning for Albury, where be will be stationed i:i future. During Father Walsh's stay in Burrowa lie gained the good wishes of all classes atid creeds, by his good kind nature and genial disposition. The chuuge came suddenly, and many friends were left unvisited. The Rev. ' Father O'Shaughnessy, who has for the past six years been a professor at St. Patrick's College,. Goulburn, succeeds Father Walsh in the Burrowa mission. The Herald, speaking of Father O'ShaiighneBsy's departuee from Goulburn, says : — During his sojourn in- the city, Father O\S!iauLrliui'6S5' has made many friends, who much regret his departure. Ho was an especial favourite amongst the students at the college. Sir Patkicr Jennings ani- Mb. Disas. — It is rumored that the Colonial Secretary (Mr. G. 11. Dibbs). is about to vacate his position as a member of the Government. Some months ago, it will be remembered, Mr. 'Dibbs actually tendered his resigna tion owing to the failure of the. other members of the Ministry, to endorse his action with reference to- the creation of a statist's department in the civil service. \lt. Dibbs, although induced to withdraw his resignation, has not ceased to chafe under the leadership of Sir Patrick Jenuiugs. The feeling of estrangement between the two gentlemen has been strengthened by time and by the course which events have taken, and it is now well understood that between the Premier and the second Minister there exists in many matters of policy a wide aud radical difference of opinion. It will therefore excite no surprise if, when Parliament reassembles, Mr. Dibbs is found iu the company of Mr. Fletcher aud no longer a member of the Mini? try. OonsumeBS op Wolfe's Schnapps, especially those who take it medicinally, j should purchase it only by the bottle, aud ! thus ensure obtaining the genuine article, j tltpre being a fraudul«ut imitation in the market Large and small bot'les are ob tainable at every respectable hotel in the -oioiiy, and the name of M. Moss and Go. is an the top label of the yellow ! wrapper. None else is genuine. i FOUND DEAD IN THE BUSH. — On Tues- day last information reached the police that a man was lying on the Frogmore road, between Burrowa and Coffey's Crossing, in a state of helpless drunken- ness, and the officer in charge (Senior- sergeant Prior) immediately dispatched Mounted-constable Madden to the locality indicated. The constable ob- served marks where a man had apparently been lying down on the road, and pro- ceeding in search met Senior- constable Goodhew, of the Frogmore police station. Constable Madden returning with Senior- constable Goodhew made further search, but failed to find any further traces of the man, and reasonably concluded that he had got up and cleared off. On the following day, the young man (Symons) who gave the information to the police remarked to Constable Madden that he could not see how the man could have got away, and volunteered to go out and assist in the search. They found the body a few yards from the place last described to the police, with two empty bottles and one bottle full of rum near it, under a little bush. The body was brought to Burrowa, and identified as that of a labouring man named John Fitzpatrick, about 35 years of age, who had been for a few days iu the employ of Mr. John P. Ryan, grazier, Burrowa River ; and by a letter found on him it would appear that he had recently been in the employ of a Mr. Grant, of Yass. There was also in his pockets portraits of his two brothers, one living in Sydney and the other at home, in Dublin. From the evidence given at the coroner's inquiry held by Mr. W. J. E. Wotton, it appears that deceased was in Burrowa on Monday last, when he got half-a-gallon of rum from Mr. John Ryan, Queen's Arms Hotel, and started home in the forenoon of the same day. Probably under the influence of drink when he started, he took more on the road, and lay down in the sun, where he was found. Dr. Protheroe examined the body before it was removed. His evidence at the inquest showed that death had occurred through excessive drinking, accelerated by exposure ; and the jury returned a verdict in consonance with the medical testimony. There was blood from the mouth, but tno external marks of violence or accident, and no appearence of any struggle having taken place. Life had been extinct about six hours when the body was found. From what the police could ascertain of de- ceased, it would appear that he had been addicted to excessive drinking. The Mount Rennie Outrage.— On Tuesday next the caae of the criminals lying under sentence of death in Darlinghurst Gaol for the Mount Rennie outrage willlbe again brought before the Executive Council, in order that the petitions praying for a reprieve, some police reports relaeive to the case and information which had been obtained by the Colonial Secretary as a result of representations made to him in the interests of the condemned men, may be consideaed. Mr. Dibbs devoted a largo part --f Tuesday to a further consideration of the case, aud had interviews with Stanley, the Rov. C. H. Rich, and the mother of one of the criminals. The consideration that will bo given to the case on Tuesday and tho decision then arrived at will be final. The matter will not be reopened after that day. A Sro occurred at Temora on Wednes day night by which the Roman Catholic Presbytery was burnt to the ground in a few minutes. The church adjoining had a narn.w escape, and was scorched and blackened on one side. JUndwick Races. — The summer meet ing of the A. J. C. came off on Monday at'Randwick, under the auspices of the must favourable nature, as the weather was fine, though warm, the attendance probably the largest ever seeu at Hand wick, and the racing as a general thing high class and exciting- The sport com menced with the Flying Handicap, which fell to an outsider inJRaoul, who just beat his staMe companion, and backers were again disappointed in the December stakes, the rich two-old race, as the Hon. James White's Abercorn cleverly silenced a great favourite in Hunting tower. Unique, th'o most fancied of the half-score of runners for the Hurdle Race, won easily through Whitefoot's falling, and Murrurundi got home also comfort ably in front of Lord Cochrane for the Selling plate. Eighteen were saddled up for the Summer Cup, and the positions of Grst and second favourites were assigned to Hexham and Highland Mary. Both rati disappointingly however, and the Windsor-trained Dagobert won a prettily con tested race cleverly from the Hon. John Eales's Myall Kins, Kitawa running into third place. The Hon. James White scored his second win during the day iu the Nursery Hrndicap with Perfume, the filly he purchased a week ago from Mr. Fennelly, who was backed at 'evens' in a field of 13, and the card was concluded by The Wreck beating Ravenswortli half a head for the A. J. C. Handicap after a most desperate race. The day was one of the most successful from evrey point ever held at Raud wick. Ginger Beer. — Two gallons of ginger beer may be made as follows : — Put two gallons' of cold water into a pot upon the fire : add to it two ounces of good ginger bruised, and two pounds of brown or white sugar. Let all thiB come to the boil, and continue boiling for about an hour Then skim the liquor, and pour it into a jar.or tub along with one sliced lemon and half an ounce of cream of tartar. When nearly old put in a teacupful of yeast to cause the liquor to work, hhe beer is now made ; and after it has worked for two days, strain it aud bottle it for use. Tie the corks down firmly. — 2. White sugar, twenty pounds , lemon or limejuice, eighteen (fluid) ounces ; honey, one pound ; bruised ginger, twenty-two ounces ; water, eighteen gallons. Boil the ginger in three gallons of water for half an hour, then add the sugar, the juice, and the honey, with the rsmainder of tho water, and strain through a cloth. Wlien cold, add the white of an egg, and half an ounce (fluid) of essence of lemon ; after standing four days, bottle. This yields a very superior beverage, and one if Inch will keep for many months. — 3. The following ib for making a very superior ginger beer. The honey gives it a pecu liar softness, and from not being fer mented with yeast, it is less violent in its action when opened, but requires to be kept a longer time than usual be hie use. Wliite sugar, five pounds ; lemon-juice, one-quarter of n. pint ; honey, one. quarter of a pound ; ginger, bruised, five-ounces ; water, four gallons and a half. Boil the ginger in three quarts for half an hour, and add the su^ar, lemoi-juice and honey, with th« remainder of the Hater, and strain through a cloth ; when cold, add a quarter of the white of an egg, anj a small t«as|Kionful of esBeucc of lemon let the whole stand four days, aud bottle . this u-ill keep many months. Th^ quantity will make -rne hundred bottles 