Thoughts of Other Years. [WRITTEN FOR THE "QUEENSLANDER" CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] CHAPTER I. BY ISABEL PLATT. Yes, men may come and go; and these are gone- All gone. TENNYSON. Only gone for a minute, beloved. From this room into the next; I, too, shall go in a minute; What time have I to be vextT Axox. 109deg. in the shade! No wonder that I, a poor old woman of fifty five, should yield at length to the overpowering heat, and sink into the squatter's chair on tho veranda, completely exhausted. And yet lam not usually so indolent, belonging, as I often boast, to that class of indefatigable people who defy the atmosphere and laugh thermometers to scorn. But it is Christmas morning, and, having received the blessed sacrament at the early celebration, and said my prayers and read my chapter, I consider myself entitled to an idlo hour, without those troublesome prickings of conscience which generally render such indul gence uncomfortable. lam all alone; though, for that matter, lam always alone; and used to tho silence of the big empty house. It is long since I heard the firm manly step of my husband, or the ringing voices of my children echoing through tho corridors and lofty spaoious rooms—so long that it seems to mo I have never heard them really—only dreamed it. To-day, however, it is less quiet than ordinary, for my servants are holding small festivities of their own, and their laughter rises ever and anon from the back premises and makes me smile a little and sigh, comparing their sociability with my own solitariness. What would I not give if I might lay aside my dignity and make one amongst them, taking my Christmas dinner in the kitchen and joining in their time-honoured amusements! But, alas! I know that my presence would banish all freedom from their enjoyment, and leave only awkward embarrassment. I know that there would be no jesting, no romp ing, no kissing under the mistletoe-bough, no "sweetheartiug" while "missis" was there; and so, for their sakes, I remain in my soli tude. This morning I presented the girls with their customary new gowns, and the men with new suits, each parcel also containing a sovereign; and they have, poor souls! in the gratitude of their hearts, forgiven and forgotten all my scoldings and grumblings and fretfulness during the past year. I am, and shall be for a little while, the best mistress in the colony. By-and-by they will huvo spent their money, worn out their clothes, and eaten the last of the season's cake ; and then I shall bo just as " crabbed" and " unreasonable" as ever, and so remain until next Christmas, or until I am laid by in the grave. 109 dog. in the shade! The veranda blinds are drawn and the boards sprinkled with tho watering-can, but still the heat is intolerable. My birds are sleeping in their cages, and Sweetie—my tiny white poodle—is stretched at my feet, panting, his tongue hanging from his open jaws. There is not a sound on the sultry summer air, except the whirring of grasshoppers, the hum of a great yellow hornet, and tho laughter from the jdtchon. Through the partition in the blinds I can see glimpses of the landscape beyond—the eucalyptus-covered hills; the pretty white houses half hidden in foliage; the winding river; the ships at the wharves; the church, with its golden vane sparkling in the sun ; tho park; and, far far away in tho distance, the gleaming tombstones of tho cemetery, where my dear ones sleep. I am thinking of them to-day, with a deeper sadness and heaviness and a stronger yearning than ever, if that could be. I don't know why. Perhaps because, if one is lonely and bereaved, ono feels it most at Christmas tide ; perhaps because I have been gazing so long and intently upon the headstone of their grave. Almost unconsciously I picture to myself the Christmas Day this would havo been to me had they all lived. I know the words they would have uttered, and the wishes they would have expressed; I feel their caresses, and gaze upon their countenances; and the weariness and cruelty of life fade—and I am happy! Here is Claud, my husband, who died of fever long long ago. He was young then, and strong and hopeful, and so proud of mo! He would be old—quite old—now; but, ah ! proud of me still! And he would kiss me, and press mo to him, and say "A happy Christmas, Mabel, my darling! Mabel! —ls my name Mabel ? —I have almost forgotten! It is years and years since any body called mo Mabel. Years and years, when I was a pretty light-hearted girl, with short golden curls and saucy eyes. Am / Mabel St. Omer ?—Oh, no, no! I must have dreamed it! I am, and always havo been, for ages, old Mrs. Atkinson, who lives alone in tho big house on the hill. Old Mrs. Atkinson, who is cross and fidgety, and worries about a bit of dust or an over-boiled egg. What did Mabel St. Omer care about dust, or how the eggs were boiled for breakfast, or, indeed, anything else, except laughter and gladness, and the handsome young minister who used to call so frequently to see her brother ? No!—I could never have been Mabel St. Omer. And then, if God had spared me them, there would have been my children—my pretty boys and girls—tall men and women now, perhaps with children of their own. I remember how they used to come, flying like winged cherubim, to my bedchamber in the early Christmas morning, to display the treasures Santa Claus had brought them. Ah, well, they are safe with the Lord, blessed be His holy name ! Sometimes, when the agony of my bereavement is strong upon me, I lift up my voice and cry, "O ! Master, is it well with the children lt" And always the answer comes back, "It is well!" and I am comforted. The bells are ringing, and I can see the people on their way to church. There goes the minister's wife and "her three daughters, in white piques and wide hats ; and there, joining them, young Mr. Taylor, who has recently returnod from Europe. He seems to favour Millicent Dorner, I think. Well, he is a good hearted lad, and would make her a kind hus band. I should like to attend service myself, but the sun is too glaring, and the roads too rugged, for a poor old body like me ; indeed, it's not much outing I do during the summer months. When I was younger I had my district to visit and my Sunday-school class ; but that's all over nowadays. I just give the minister a £10-note, and tho minister's wife my cast clothing, and what bits of things I can mako up, for the poor, and that is all I am able to do for the dear Lord on his birthday. And all this has been done, yesterday and to-day ; and so I am resting and thinking a little, and feeling lonesome, in spite of myself. 109deg. in the shade ! And away, ovor the sea, in England, how cold it in ! I can picture the old home so vividly ! The leafless trees, and tho ice-bound pond with tho boys skating upon it; the gray misty Bky, and the silent Bnow falling—falling —failing—so softly over everything. I can see tho frozen window-panes covered with visions from fairyland, and the glistening icioles hang ing from each projection ; and even old John Hacking, tho postman, trudging along the garden path, and carrying his hugo gingham umbrella and leathern satchel full of letters. In imagination, I break tho ico in my bedroom jug, and feel the particles prick my fingers as I lavo them. In imagination, I hurry on my garments and run down tho broad staircase shivering (oh! how delightful it is to shiver) to the coeey breakfast room, where I vigorously poke the blazing fire, and then squat upon the hearth rug to warm myself. I can even smell the coffee and the buttered toast. And the bells !— dimly, through the snowy air and the silence, they peal; and I catch the faint muffled swell of the organ from the little Roman Catholic Chapel further up the road. Nay, don't wake me from my reverie ; don't tell me they are St. John's bells which are chiming so sweetly, and that this is Brisbane—sultry, suffocating, tropical Brisbane—in Queensland. Let me, for pity's sake, be at home for a while, with father and mother and the rest of the family—and Claud. Let me breakfast amongst them once more, and embrace them with a girl's warm ardour, and fall into ecstasies over the beautiful gifts, and read the letters from absent school mates. Let me afterwards envelop myself in numberless wraps and furs, and go forth with them to church. Let me slam tho hall door once more with the energy of youth, and then discover that my cloak is caught, and that I am a prisoner until tho servant releases me— an interval which I occupy by pulling the bell violently and unceasingly, while the rest of the party laugh at my dilemma—and I hasten away at the top of my speed. How glad I am—even yet—when Tom, the foremoat, falls upon a hidden slide, and has to stop and dust the snow from his clothes and out of nis mouth. Here are the Catholio St. Omers, our cousins, wending their way to the Roman Chapel. We shake hands and exchange compliment* of the season, but we are not over-friendly, becauso they consider us heretics, and we dub them Papists. Alas, what matters it 'i— Christ died for all. That is Sir Jeoffry St. Omer, papa's brother, pompous, but affable and good-natured; and beside him is Lady St. Omer, gentle and quiet, but somewhat awe-inspiring; and Cousin Mar garet, their daughter, a dainty little lady of fourteen, as serene and composed as her mother. A singular child, Margaret St. Omer, with her serious eyes, her demure little mouth, and her saint-like ways. Six years previously, I remember, sho diHcovered a very young infant in the chapel yard nearly frozen to death, and persuaded her parents to allow her to adopt it, " for her very owu, for ever and ever," as she expressed it; and so it is that little Paul has been reared at the Hall. There he is now—a child of six, with largo, shadowy, pathetic, brown eyes, and pale ohve complexion. Margaret and ho are inseparable, and he calls her " godmother." Two or three years later I married Claud, and came away to Australia. How everybody cried when I left! And how I cried myself, promising faithfully to pay them a visit every Christmas ay long a* I lived! Alas! it was twdvo years before I found an opportunity of returning to the old place, and then—l wan a childlesu widow; father and mother were dead ; the boys and girls married and scattered; and the house, where we hod all been born, sold to strangers. Uncle and Aunt St. Omer alone remained in tho village, of all my kith and kin; so they welcomed me, and folded me in their arms, and strove to com fort me. Everybody was very kind to me, pitying my forlorn uud desolate condition, and trying to make my sojourn amongst them as pleasant as possible; indeed, they would fain have had me remain always, but my health at that time was feeble, and I feared the inclemency of the English winter after being so long in Queensland. Margaret was about my own age, but she appeared much younger and fresher than I did. Sorrow and a hot climate had played sad havoc with my good looks ; wrinkles had asserted themselves, my cheeks were pallid and emaciated, and my hair was freely mixed with gray. " You are faded, but pretty still," my aunt said, holding me at arm's length; "we must try what we can do to bring back the Mabel of old—the lilies-and- roses Mabel!" I shook my head. " You can never do that!" I replied sadly; yet not caring much—l had no vanity left. Margaret was pretty ; ah, how pretty! It is a colourless word to use in speaking of her loveliness. She was queenly, yet humble ; graceful, yet unstudied ; beautiful, yet uncon scious, or heedless, of the fuct. She wore her warm brown hair in the Madonna style, simply parted and coiled behind, thus displaying the contour of her small shapely head; her eye* were of a deep bluo, and her Bkin as delicate as that of a young child. Paul—how shall I portray him, as ho came forward to welcome me that afternoon 'i Paul —whom I learned to lovo so dearly, and yet who caused mo so many sorrowful tears ! I behold him still, in his proud boyish beauty, with tho negligent curls falling over his pale brow, and the haunting shadows in his dark eyos; and tho wonderfully sweet smile hovering about the tender mouth. I behold him, and I hear the thrilling tones of hia voice —but I oannot frame words to describe him. I think of him, I dream of him—but lam silent. I remembor, now, that he was dressed for dinner at the time of our first meeting, though I never picture him bo. He always comes to me in a sombre cassock, such as ho wore when he went over to the chapel—and he was mostly there, or in his study. I marvelled at first why ho mingled so seldom with tho family or their guests, for thero was generally company at tho Hall, and he was rarely present except at meals. One day, when Margaret and I were sitting eewing in her room, I asked her about it. She was wearing a pretty blue dressing gown, and her abundant hair was falling loosely about her shoulders. I thought she had never seemed so lovely or spiritucl. When I mentioned Paul's name, she immediately dropped her needlework upon her lap, and replied earnestly: " I should like to talk to you about Paul, Mabel. Don't you think he looks very ill ?" " He oortainly does not look strong," I said ; " perhaps ho requires change of air. Why not aend him to the seaside for a timer" "Ho will not go; ho is so intent upon a mass which he is composing for the next Christmas Festival." " Is he olevor at music ?" *' Uncommonly. Many, who understand, predict a brilliant futuro for him, if his health does not fail—and that is what I fear." " Doos ho take inodical advioo ?" . "Oh, yes; at least, ho ivon't tako it. Dr. Raymond is an intimate friend of pupil's, and often reasons with Paul, tolling him no is injur ing himself by such close application to study, and proscribes tonics, rest, and total change ; but no refuses to listen. I wish you would take him in hand, Mabol." " My dear, if you have so littlo influenco, fcow much should I have ?" "I don't know—none, perhaps," with s weary sigh; " but," she acldod, after a pause, " what troubles mo most is, that ho is gradually neglecting everything—even his oternal salva tion—for this ono engrossing pursuit. Why, Mabel, only think, ho has not been to confes sion, or received at mass, for over six months— not since last Christmas—and I don't believe ho would evon attend chapel were he not organist. Isn't it dreadful •* You cannot imagine how it grieves mo, or how many hours I havo been on my knees, praying for 'him! I, who am his godmother, his sister, his guardian! oh, •wherein could I have erred that he should fall away liko this ? I have endeavoured to be bo careful; I have watched over him so un ceasingly ; I havo led him, step by step, all through tho years of his infancy; und now to think it has boon in vain—that I shall lose him—that ho has forsaken tho Shophord's fold, and is wundering out on tho hills and tho "wilderness, where wolves are prowling, and the lion stalks! Oh Mary, sweet Mother, bring him back, save tho soul I have retired up for thee, I beseech thoo!" and tho dear girl clasped her hands and wept in agony of sup plication. I placed my arm about her, and drew her towards me, saying: " Margaret, dear, whatever Paul's failings, you must not acouso yonrsolf of being tho cause. You havo done your duty well and nobly, I feel assured, and you must realise this, or do yourself nn injustice. Besides, what is his fault '< Only that of over-zeal in using the ■talents tho Master has bestowed upon him. It •would bo a graver error to fold them in a napkin and let them rust. Are wo not told so in Holy Scripture f-—And, listen, dear ; don't you think it is very like doubting God's good ness and mercy when you suppose him capable of saving that little infant's poor transient mortal life, and allowing its immortal soul to ■perish ? Bo comforted; He has accepted, and will keep aeourely, the child you undertook for Him, the Samuel you dedicated unto Him. You wrong Him in your heart by doubts and fears. Cast them away from you; they are tempta tions of Satan." " Oh, Mabel, if I could only fed" " Feel I Arc we never to heliovo anything •but what wo can, feel* Must wo never trust f ■ Margaret, I know Paul's xonl is safe, oven though, as you say, it may be wandering, like a straying sheep, now. Christ, the Good Shepherd, in watching over him, und will gently lead hint back, in His own time, to tho fold. I am only anxious about his physical •welfare." "Will not tho dear Christ caro for that also:-" " Yes, certainly ; but he has given us power to injure oursclvo.l, if wo will; and I fear Paul is doing ho. Wero you to thrust your hand into the flame, would you expect Gotl to prevent it from burning-" Margaret sighed heavily. "I w i«h you would talk to Paul," she urged, "and see if you cannot prevail upon him to act according to our Advice. You muy not succeed, for ho is so obdurate, but you can only fail. Won't you try, Mabel r" And I kissed her and promised to try. Chapter 11. "Why in thin furnace is my spirit proved, Like steel in tempering flume .' Because I loved I Becauac I loved what not to love, und see, "Was more or less than mortal— and than me.—Bviuin. It was a considerable length of time beforo I heard Paul play, much as I desired to do s>, because there was no organ in tho house, and I hail a sort of prejudice against entering a Roman Catholic eiliri-r—T, the wMnw of an orthodox Anglican rl. nryi'i:in. T ahv.iv ■> ro.il my h\bh an-l i.ii.l in, i>ruy..T- in niy own rif.un, nmruiiur ami ni^'lit, atnl went'to tl' • chun.li, when; wo had all been bapti^d, un<l confirmed, and married—ami kept aloof, in all matters pertaining to religion, from my relatives. I regarded even the little oratory, where the family assembled for devotional exercise, with pious horror. Margaret had taken me in thero ono day, soon after my arrival, to show it me, but I never went noar it again. Thore was an altar at one end, with a oruoifix upon it, and at the other end a cabinet, holding religious books add sacred utensils, suoh as a silver paten and chalioe, and other articles of a similar nature. There were also surplices and veatments which she told mo wore worn by the priest when he celebrated mass at the house. The walls were covered with pictures of the Saviour and the Virgin, and different saints, and brackets supporting images in plastique. There were also vessels for holy water, and, in ono corner, a carved oakon onuir, with a prio-dioUj or prayer desk, beside it. This, Margaret ox plained, was the confessional. Up tho centre of the floor were arranged benches, such as one sees in a church. "It is all very—very nice," I stammered, " but it seems horribly idolatrous." I was sorry for giving my opinion so can didly as soon as the words had escaped) for Margaret was visibly hurt and offended. She made no response, but hold tho door open for mo to pass out. Before doing so, however, I strove to atone for my thoughtlessness. " For givo me, Margarot," I began, extending my hand, but she interrupted inc. "Tho fault was mino, entirely," she said; "I ought to have known. Come into tie library. You will bo more interested thore." So the subject was dismissed, and never alluded to again. After that unfortunate little episode, how eve^ I remarked a change in my relatives' domoanour towards mo. They wero quite as cordial and affectionate, but there was a very palpable effort to keep religion out of view. They did not discontinue, of courso, their regular duties, such as tho Latin graco after and before raoals, with its accompanying sign of tho cross, but no references wero now mado to Buoh matters as "penaneek" "sadraments," "ab stinence," and so forth, which had previously been discoursed upon without restraint, as we Protestants convorse upon our Sunday school, our communion, and our daily prayers. After a while thin awkward reticence wore off, to a certain extent, though never com pletely. Once I ventured to cxamino a ohaplet of beads which I saw on Margaret's dressing table, and to inquiro what it was. "Only my rosary," she replied, hastily slipping it into a drawer. "What is a rosary?" I asked; and she answered laughingly, " Ono of the mysteries of Rome," and left the room, to avoid further questioning on tho subject. In fact, they had determined that religion and all that pertaining to it was to bo hence forth a "tabooed" thing between us, and I began to think I should never have the satis faction of hearing Paul's music, or bo able to judge of his ability, when the opportunity un expectedly presented itself, and my desire was gratified. It was ono sultry summer evening, about the end of July, when thoro were a dozen or so guests at the Hall, that I threw a wrap round my shoulders and slipped out for a quiet rantble by myself. I recollect feoling a buoyancy of spirit that evening which was unusual with me. I could have tripped down the road, after tho fashion of schoolgirls, had I not been checked by a sense of the absurdity of such a proceeding at my ago; besides, I was not strong enough for such unwonted exertion; and I knew I should soon have beoomo breath less and exhausted; so I sauntered along, de murely, and contented myself culling dog-roses from tho hedges, and making my fingers blood with the thorns, not to mention a narrow escape I had of slipping ovorhead into a Btag nant ditch. I am gazing at myself, now, down tho long vista of years, as I stood beneath the wild roses, in the quiet country road. I hear the chirping of the drowsy sparrows, tho lowing of tho cows in the meadow, where the grass was green and tender, and the pretty daisies grow in thousands. I smell the scent of the haw thorn blossoms; I feel the cool balmy zophyrs on my flushed cheeks, and ray heart is full of a great peace and tranquillity. By-and-by, a flock of geese pass me on their way home for the night, and hiss at me in their silly manner, and I, in the gaiety of my mind, mock at thorn and laugh. And Fred Collins, the butcher's son, drives by and touches hi.s cap to me. I remember it as though it had boon only yesterday. Poor Fred ! he was gored to death soon after by an infuriated cow. At lost I come to a stilo, and being a littlo fatigued Hit thereon and close my eyes and rest. Alas, that rest! I might havo known I could not tarry long in the calm stillness with ont old memories wakening, and bringing in their train old longingß, old sorrows, old heart-achings. First, I thought of the days departed, when I used to clamber over that very stile, accom panied by the boys and girls, hilarious and unmanageable, and the dear dead father and mother. Oh, father! oh, mother! if you could but come back for a littlo while to your desolate child ! How I would fall upon your bosoms and weep out my griefs and tribulations, telling you, as I can tell no ono else, all that has happened to me while I've been away in those far-off lands ; and how I've longed to see you, and kiss you, and look into your dear eyes, and feel the touch of your hands! How I would beg forgiveness for all the unkind words I uttered, the wicked wilful acts I was guilty of, the rebellious thoughts I entertained, grieving your loving hearts, while you were yet with mo ! If I could only tell you how I always loved you, even when I seemed most ungrate ful, I should be happier now—l could better bear never to w?o you again : but it i» too late —too late ! The grave divides you from me, nnd you will never know—and I, oh, is there anybody uuder God's heavens more miserable aiul remorseful than T 'i If I '.v. iv i Roman Cutholio. like Margaret, how «rl:uily would I kwcl down ami confess my f.iults—my grievous faults atrainst yon— how willingly accept the shame und humilia- tionj laying them down at God's tribunal, and, rising, leave them there, washed and forgiven, and go my way wltH the peaco that passeth understanding in my heart. But if I did—if I performed any penance priest coXilc* impose— would it benofit you ? Would it tako tf\r»y from me the gaze of your reproachful eyes, or the sound of your grieving .voice P Oh no, oh no ; and therefore is confession vain—therefore I must abide in silence, carrying always with nte the1 " Wdftfl that never dies," and the numb heavy pain that k'iidws no ooasing. They toll me we shall nleet in heaven, hut that is not hero—not here, where I waiit yotf no badly— not here, where I am so lonely diid weary i Oh, father! oh, mother! is it true I shull never see you on earth again P And then my mind travels over the sea, and rnrpr the hills, to the little cemetery boyond Brisbanoj wTierw I stand beside a grave with a simple hoadstorie; dild f<f*d the words, " Sacred to {lie nieWdry>" and I know that beneath it sleety frffflitod in death, the husband who would havo drit'd ih<* bitter tears I am shedding now, and comforted me so lovingly ; and tho little children whose merry laughter and pattering feot made glad that silent house awaiting my return. That silent house1! Ah) »nd it is silont, with its clustering vinos and well-trlmnwd garden and trees heavy with fruit which rii/ One noadu ; its empty rooms and tasteful furniture*, fti»d tho pictures Claud painted while ho was alivo. Wo tried to make our home protty, and spared neither expense nor trouble, and now—it is pretty still, but there is no one to admire it. Somenow, I always, in thinking of my house, fepl reminded of Silverhair ontering tho den of the ulftid ttertrs mad finding everything ho beautiful, and yet no liVirlg brinjjf visible I am roused from theso painful r'ffWtionH by tho sound of distant organ harmonies) rtrtd I am glad, being wofully tired of my own company. I will go to tho chapel and listen to Paul practising, and have that talk with him I promised Margarot. What matters its being a Roman Catholic plaoo ? What matters where I g"a» dr what I do, now all who would care are dead? What matters anything P It will all be tho same a hundred years honed! So I toss away tho wild roses I havo gathered with co much eagerness and at so much personal risk, and, drying my eyes, squeeze through a gap in the hedge, and take the short cut across the meadows to tho chapol. Not without awe and hesitation do I venture for the first time in my life within those mysterious preoinota. The door is ajar, but thero are heavy crimson durtuirw to be drawn asido, and who knows what may lio beyofld ? Determined not to be intimidated, I step over the threshold and enter, gazing cautiously round. My first impression is that it is very like an ordinary church: there ore tho pulpit and reading desk, or lectern, tho font, the sittings—all as conventional as could bo desired; but a second glance shows mo how great the difference is. There are three altars decorated with flowers, which send forth a delicious perfume, while before them are sus pended lamps which light up a quantity of gold oi* brass work, and tall candlos. The oentro altar is the most attraotive, but I cannot describe it: it is in the chancel, and half hidden by bronze gates^ The other two are in the body of the ohapol, on either side, one bearing a representation of tho Crucifixion, and tho other a Virgin and Child. Tho walls are ornamented with pictures illustrative of tho Saviour's Passion, and hero and thero stand holy water fonts elaborately carved. Close to the porch are placed a row of collection boxes labellod "For the Altar," "For the Poor," "For Masses for Souls in Purgatory," and so on. After a brief investigation I timidly ven tured up tho matted aisle, until I could see Paul quite plainly sitting before the organ and playing softly. He had not heard mo enter, and was unaware of my presence; so I seated myself, and prepared to form my own judg ment as to his musical abilities. Tho sun was setting, and shone in through the painted windows with a red and lurid light, bathing the head of the young organist in its rays, and lending a strange weird expression to his features. His eyes were fixed upon vacancy, and had the look of one who walks in sleep or is lost in a deep intense reverie. Hid face was sad—so very sad that my heart forgot its own sorrows pitying his, though thoy were un known to mo. What was he gazing upon, I wondered, with those dark wide-open eyes '< And what could those sternly-set lips disclowe, if they only would ? And tho music—ah ! tho music, which had all this while been imperceptibly stealing over my senses, until I was wholly enthralled by it—what did it speak of in that language which I could not understand ? Alas! all was mys tery to me. I only knew that I was gazing upon and listening to a deeply-hidden grief— a pain that had been kept not only from me but everyone else, and I leaned back and pon dered long, marvelling what such a young innocent life could have to hide—what secret it could be that was eating his heart away. Dreamily dreamily floated the soft, low, sobbing notes, faint and sweet as the rustle of angels' wings, fanned by the breeze in summer. My pulses thrilled, and almost ached with rapture from their loveliness. Truly, this was no ordinary player. Thero was genius and originality in every phrase, a master's touch in every chord. I had never heard music before—l shall never hear it again. Wbh it not "Monk Felix," of whom Longfellow writes, who listened for a hundred years to a white bird from Paradise singing, and deemed it no more than a single hour? So could I have listened, and, under the influence of those wonderful strains and that magic touch, ho would time have sped with me. The sun sank lower, and the chapel grew dimmer and darker, but still the organist played on; his fingers, delicato and white, wandering over the ivory key.<, apparently without his ken, guided solely by the uncon scious thoughts teeming through his brain. Tho mu-»ic now rose louder, and midrl'Miij' swmed to broathe of terror, itt-'ith, aii'.l doom. Heavy chords crashed one atrainst the other, as though fiends and furies were loosened, and thifnderH roared; und still, through it *ff> flowod tlto shrilling rapturous melody whW» had ho fascinated mo at the beginning, Rome- times clear and lucid, sometimes accompanied by tender minor harmonica, sometimes by the rich triumphant major; but always there, threading its way, like a rippling stream keep ing if« canvso through bleak barren mountain beds, tempests and winds, sunshine and bright meadows. At length, after a brilliant finale) and magnificent cadewe, ihere was a dowl silence ; and I woko to earth again with a senso of regret, an one will wakcr, after a pleasant dream, to find the old old dreary life of trouble and disappointment returning in all its grim reality. 1 6!#h4d heavily, and moved in order to rise> when I Wtfei startled by Heoing Paul, wftit & despairing gesture, fling his arms upon fk& keyboai'd, and, bowing W» head upon them, burst into passionate convulsive sobs. My first sensations wcro mingled astonishment at this unexpected climax and embarrassment si being an unseen spectator of the boy's weaknev*;. bat Iwth wwro quickly swallowed in the supwrsti tious dVutul which was falling upon mo, the in fluence, doubtlcm, of tho strango mysteriotM place, the fading twilight, the entrancing music, tho silent images around, and tho inex plicable grief which had seized the young organist. For some moments I sat spell bound, powerless to movo or speak, area when 1 hffl-rd tho old deaf organ-blower emerge from tho olidittg>punol at tho back of tho organ, and shuffle out iltrmtgh tho sacristy door. A* length I roused niynolf by a mighty effort, suoh as one makes in nightmare, and pronounced Paul's name. At the sound of my voice bo sprang to his foot and peered into tho gloom. "Who is it calls *r" ho asked, almost under his In*eath; and I replied : 1' It is only I, Paul—Mabol. May I coma to you I' * Ho laid hi* hftnd ttpon his heart as though tor still its throbbing", and- said faintly, " Come." " Did I frighten you ir" I inquired, entering tho chancel, and trying to apeak assuring!/; " I have been here ever so long, listening to your playing. You havo taleiit—wonderful talent—Paul." "Y(H* f I know I have," he answer**! ab sently, «nd without a suspicion of vanifjr or pride. " Why did you come ?" •'You are not angry that I ciune, are you f I wanted to hear you, and to talk with you, too." ''Yes? Shall we con verso m we retora homo ?it is chilly for you here. No> lam not angry ; why should I bo ?" Ho epoko in a disturbed disconnected tßMaaer> and I fancied hut hands shook. It was certainly chilly thore, and dark ai?4 uncomfortable, and I should have preferred being at home, far; but, having that conversa tion to get through, and knowing tho proba bility of our being disturbed in the middle of it if wo went home, I decided upon nmmniag where wo were. "I would rather stay here awhile," I said; " they will guess I am with you, and I am *ot cold—see, I have a wrap." " Sit here, then," he said, indicating one of the choir stalls, while ho drew another close by for himself. "Now, what is it, Cousin Mabel?" " In the first place, what ails you, Paul?" "Mo? Nothing! Why*" "Because you shut yourself np, away from everyone, making those who love you anxiow and unhappy, and bringing yourself sotdy to an early grave. What are you doing V 1 "lam earning a name for myself," he ex claimed, drawing himself up proudly. "I am nameless now —a waif, a beggar—but not for always! I have a power within myself to shape out my own future, to bring the world in Homage to my feet; and should 1 quench. that power? Should I be content fw live despised and ignoble when I can be rich and honoured? No; a thousand times, no!" " But your health, Paul. Will you sacrifice that, in your thirst for fame and position P" "My health will not suffer. He said it should not." "Who said so." The boy started to his feet, and again gazed fearfully round, as he had done on my first calling to him. "Hush!" he whispered; "Did you not hear a sound—a mocking laugh ?" "There is nothing," I replied soothingly; " you aro nervous und excited;" and yet I shivered. "I heard it," ho continued; "heishere~ even here. Ho never leta me rest." I sturcd at him in blank amazement, not without misgiving, which ho perceived, and broke off, saying, "Don't mind me, Mabol. I am fanciful, and often utter words Ido not mean. What havo I said?" " Paul," I exclaimed, in a low voico, struck by a sudden conviction, " you have something on your conscience. Tell mo what it is." He remained mute, his faco turned from my inquiring gaze. "Does Margaret know P" I went on. "Neither sho nor any mortal breathing, Bave myself," he answered. I rose, and placing both my hands on his arm, said firmly—and God knows it was no idle curiosity prompted me, but only a sincere desire to help the poor stricken lad: "Paul, you must tell me immediately what is troubling you. Do you hear ? You must tell me! It ahall be a secret between ua, if you like, but unless you tell me, or somebody, it will kill you. It is killing you. Speak, then ; who is this'/,<•'?" " Don't ask me, Mabel. I warn you not to ask me. If it would kill me, it would more than kill you; it would craze you. Go away, and forget my unguarded words." " Is it sin, Paul?" "Sin? Aye, deadly nin ! the sin which has no pardon! The transgrcaeion against the Holy Ghost." "'Which is that ?" " M:ibel, if I were to disclose it to you, you would :ibhor me, yon would not rtand under th^ saim- vuof with ni<-—you TvauM curse me." " Is it murder r" I ashed, r«?l< ?ntlrssly. " Yes; mnrdcr— sclf- munlc r—suicide —the death of my immortal soul " "You speak in enigmas. I do not under stand." He paused, and then whispered huskily, laboriously, as though each syllable had to be dragged from the uttermost depths of his heart: " Mabel, I will acknowledge my sin to you, if you can listen—but not hero—not in God's house—not in the Blessed Presence. Como out into the fields—l could not breathe such horrors here. Como!" But I did not stir. "Did you never make confession of sin within these walls, Paul ?" I said, detaining him. " What place so fit as the feet of the crucified Saviour to bring your fault and ex press your contrition." 41 But lam not contrite. I would repeat the same sin to gain the same reward." 441 cannot comprehend as yet; but in any case it is best to reveal it here." " Bo it so," he answered submissively; and, with the humility of a little child, he knelt at my feet, and put his hands in mine, saying: 441 am broken-spirited to- night, Mabel. Somehow, I am shorn of my locks of strength, and an infant could conquer me. What would you say, then, if I had one great aim in life ?" 4< It is no sin to have an aim." " But it can be made a sin. I have made it BO." '4 Perhaps you only imagine you have. Some consciences are over-sensitive, and torment themselves unnecessarily." 44 But if, to gain that one desired object, I Bhould yield all hope here and all hereafter ?" 41 That would be wrong. But how is that possible ? I am quite in the dark. What is thin thing?" He drew his hands away, and folded them over his breast, gazing upward with a rapt ex pression in his midnight eyes, and a nappy smile on his lips. It was a beautiful face, Binning out of the gloom, with the sacred light falling upon the pure girlish features. A face which men may despise but women will love ; a face that should never grow old or wrinkled or bearded, and such, therefore, as Death oftenest seals with his signet, that it may live ever unchanged in the memory of those who have looked upon it. 44 This thing?" he repeated. 4< Can you not guess? What is it with any manP What has ft been Bince the beginning of time, for arood or evil?" 441 know you are ambitious," I said, seeing lie waited for me to speak, 4* and you have your especial talent" 44 It is not ambition. I use my talent simply as a means unto an end." 441 am sure," I cried, "you would not de grade God's gift by developing it merely for the sake of gold?" "I do not despise gold. I have felt the need of it. I know its power. But it is not that. Is there nothing else ?" "It cannot be love?" I hazarded; and he said quickly: 4 4 Why not ? Why cannot it bo love, Mabel P Should that privilege be denied me because I am penniless and obscure?" 44 God forbid !" I said; 4I neither is love »in. I wish you all prosperity, dear, if she you have eho«on be a good and true woman." His breath came in short gasps. "Good and true," he echoed; 44ah, how true—how good! Sweet holy saint; when she shall die the very angels of heaven will bow abashed before her, their purity so dim in the radiance of hers ! and I—l love her! I, so low, so worthless! Yes, although I know how vile I am, and always shall be, strive as I may, beside her ! —I love her! Yes, to touch the hem of her garments, to kiss the print her foot leaves in the dust, is perfect happiness to me! She is the only saint I pray to—the only Deity I adore! Ah, but to see her, but to hear her voice, but to call her mine! —for this I have bartered my soul—for this would barter it again." 44 Does she love you?" I asked, taking no heed of the wild extra vaganceshe was uttering, which I considered only a species of rhapsody, and not to be accepted literally. 41 She loves me"—he spoke slower now and half doubtfully—"as a brother yet, and I do not disguiso from myself the great gulf whioh divides her station from mine; but when I fcavo climbed the pinnacle of fame and the learned and noble do me reverence—when my same is written amongst the deathless ones of earth—she will forget my obscure origin, and deem it no shame to wed with mo. Then, in the hour of triumph, ere the plaudits die away, Til seek her holy presence, lay my laurels at her feet, and reveal the patient love which has been hers so long. And she will give her hand to me and be my bride—my peerless wife !" " Who is this lady, Paul ?" And he answered, " Margaret St. Omer." Had a thunderbolt fallen between us I could not have been more astounded. 4'Mcroiful Heaven!" I cried; "butsheis'a woman—you are a boy—a mere child! She is many years older than you !" "I know," he said calmly; " but that is a difficulty which cannot be avoided, and so must be surmounted." 44 And she loves you, would wed with you, notwithstanding this inequality ?" 441 have not spoken to her yet; but she will —I have the assurance." 44 Her assurance ?" 14 No, hit; he promised me." 41 Who is he who vouches for so much ?" " Satan .'" he breathed, almost inaudibly, in my ear. 44 Paul," I gasped, shocked beyond measure, " what are you talking ofp Don't say such things, my dear." "I do not wish to say them. You compel me. Let us go hence, and I will hold my peace for ever." 44 No, no—speak on. What of Satan ?" For I began to think his brain was excited and overwrought and that he was suffering from illusions which it might benefit him to speak of. 44 He came to me one night," he said, still in a thrilling whisper; " I hud been working late and fallen asleep, and he came to mo and roused me, and promised me—-ah, what did he not promise me?—a brilliant future, wealth, .honours, fame, and, above all, Margaret for my bride—if I would, with the blood whioh flowed in my pulses, sign a scroll he laid before me, giving him my soul after death." 4'You did not consent?" I exclaimed involun tarily. For answer he glanced downwards towards his wrist, where I perceived a slight soar. Instantly a great, an awful, horror fell upon me—a conviction that men might still bo pos sessed of tho Devil, as in those ages passed away ; that Satan could still grant earthly splendour to those who would fall down and worship him; that souls might still bo sold by Beal and bond, in spite of the ridicule suoh a theory recoived in the present century. "Paul," I cried, agitated and trembling, 44 wretched that you are, what shall I say to you? How rescue you from tho fate that is hanging ovor your head ?—How could you do this thing ? On, my poor foolish boy, lift your heart to the Lord, and besoech His pardon— now! this instant! while there is yet time! before death overtakes you in your sin! Speak to Him !—ono cry, and He will hear you; one prayer, and He will shelter you beneath His wings, when Satan cannot reach you. Paul—Paul—are you listening P" For the preoccupied expression was again on his face and the mesmerised look in his eyes. " I hear," he said, in a strangled voice; 44 but it is too late." "It is never too late while you live. It will be after death. Oh, think of the terrible wakening—to find it indeed too late. God's mercy is infinite, but His Holy Spirit will not always strive with you as it is striving now. Hurk! do you not hear the gracious pleading accents, —' Turn ye, turn ye, for why will ye die ?' ' For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth,' Can you refuse so tender a call, my child?" But no only shook his head, still gazing into vacancy. "I see what you oannot see," he said in the same unnatural voice ; " and I hear what you cannot hear. My doom is fixed! He threatens me ! He draws me back! It is too late!" Horrified and shuddering, I glanced round, almost expecting to see some awful apparition looming in the darkness, but still I compelled myself, for the poor lad's sake, to mako one further effort. 44 Is the Devil stronger than Almighty God ? Is Christ, who died to save you, powerless to do so?" 44 Yes; for I have renounced him." 44 Return to your allegiance then." 441 cannot. I have no will. I must drift to destruction. Oh, Mabel, urge me no more. This is killing me ! Let us go." So I rose, bewildered, and followed him; our footsteps resounding on the tiled chancel floor, and waking the ghostly echoes. In silence we quitted the chapel, and he locked the door, put the key in the pocket of his cassock, and led the way through the yard to the gate. 44 Won't you lend me your arm, PanlP" I said, as ho seemed to keep aloof from me. 44Dare you take it?" he asked bitterly. " Dare you oven walk home with me ? Do you know I am accursed—out off from all holy men and women P You have wrung my secret from me—now hate and abhor me!" 44 Paul," I said reproachfully, and stopping before him, "do not talk like that. You are immeasurably dearer to me, now that I know what you suffer, than you ever were. I wish I could lift this terrible burden from your soul. I wish I could persuade you to cast it away." 441 have told you that it is impossible; but I thank you," he answered. 4' And what of Margaret P Do you intend to drag her white soul down into the depths of horror where yours must ever lie P" "God forbid!" he ejaculated; then added hastily, " I did not mean to use that name. I have forfeited all right to do so. The expres sion came involuntarily—from force of habit, I suppose. No; Margaret, pure angel, shall never taste of the horrors upon which I daily and hourly feed. Her life shall be one long, glorious, peaceful dream. Would I endure so much except for herP" 44 Could sho be happy, loving you, and wit nessing your unfathomable misery P" 441 will conceal it from her. Nay, I shall not be miserable, having her." 44 And afterwards, when the fleeting'years of this mortal life are over—how then P Can you endure the thought of her in Paradise, separated for all ages from you, who must be delivered over to the society of fiends and devils ?" 44 Oh, hush, for pity's sake ! That thought is insupportable!" 44 And for what? That Satan may bestow upon you that which you can put forth your hand and take, yourself, unaided. You possess all that is needful; why seek his assistance P You are giving him everything—for nothing. Oh, foolish foolish boy. Spurn him from you, and work out your own success !" There was a pause of some moments'duration; then Paul proffered me his arm, saying quietly, 441 have kept you out long enough, Mabel, discoursing upon my dolorous estate. If you are not afraid of me, I will take you home." So I accepted his support, and we walked together up the road, with the big bright moon overhead, sailing amid silvery clouds, and throwing fantastic shadows across our path. We did not speak again till we reached tho gates of the hall, when Paul said, " You will not betray my confidence, Mabel ?" and I re plied, 4' You may trust me, dear." I recollect, just at that moment, how a little bird woke up, twittered softly, and fell asleep again. Did a troubled dream cross its innocent brain, caused by the evil spirit that was lurking so near? Chapter 111. What do we give to those who love I A little earth to weep above, And bitter memories do make Tho whole earth blasted for our sake. " /fcgiveth his beloved sheep."—Mm. Browxiso. The next morning I rose, after a night of feverish unrest, feeling ill and perplexed. What was Itodo ? How to act? I saw now—freed from the unhealthy in fluence of the ghostly scone and hour—that Paul was simply suffering from an overwrought brain and enfeebled nerves, which had brought about this strange illusion. I think it must have been something of tho sort made Brutus imagine he beheld Ctenar's spirit. Paul appeared, like Brutus, perfectly calm and self-controlled in other respecte; and at breakfast even smiled at a wretched little joke which somebody made, and exchanged a few pleasantries with Lady St. Omcr. He did not seem to pay Margaret particular attention, but after his avowal last night I was more obser vant, and perceived how frequently his eyes wandered towards her, and how his cheek flushed when ehe addressed him. There was nothing to suggest insanity, or oven excite ment, in his muuner, and yet what might not ensue if tho pressure upon his brain were not relieved ? Immediately after breakfast I followed Margaret to her room, and told her I had held a long conversation with Paul in the chapel, and that I certainly thought his mind as well as his physical health was in peril, unless he took some relaxation. She listened attentively, without comment, until I abruptly asked, watching her keenly: " Do you love him, Margaret P" "Love him! "Why, Mabel, what a ques tion ! Do you doubt it f" " What would you do to save himP" " What would I not do ?" " Would you be his wife P" My cousin turned her eyes upon me in amazement; then she smiled. "If you did not look so grave, Mabel, I should think you you were jesting. Paul is my brother—my godson. lam eight years his senior." "If you could save him by marrying him would you do so ?" Her face clouded for a moment, then the smile returned, with a swift blush. "The saints be praised! no such sacrifice is required of me." " It would be a sacrifice, then?" " Oh, Mabel, don't be absurd! Paul thinks no more of me, that way, then I do of him." "If ho did?" Again the pretty face fell, and Bhe said slowly and gravely, " For no con sideration would I marry Paul." I still per sisted : "Is it because he is poor and nameless, or have you other reasons P" " You persevering little torment!" she cried laughingly, coming over to me and putting her arms round my waist, "Why do you cross examine me in such a fashion? I'll tell you my reason at once, since you are so anxious to know. It is this: I love somebody else—and we are to be married next Christmas Day. There, is that sufficient?" For a moment I felt stunned from the blow this intelligence dealt me, though I tried to conceal the pain and disappointment which overwhelmed me for my poor boy, who had staked his all on this one throw—and lost. " Who is it ?" I asked, with a choking sensa tion in my throat. " Roland Cameron, of Whitemeres, the estate adjoining ours. He spoke to papa last night, while you and Paul were out, and everything is arranged. Nobody else knows yet, except mamma. While we were out—while Paul and I were enduring mortal agony for her sake—alas, alas! I stifled back tho tears which would come, and kissed her, and wished her all happi ness, and then went away to seek my boy. He was in his study, amid reams of manu script, a pen in one hand and his head resting on the other. I entered and sat down beside him. " I have been speaking to Margaret about you," I said. " You did not betray me P" "Certainly not. Can you askP—l simply told her how ill I considered you, and how muoh in need of rest." " She tells me that, herself," he replied. "Paul," I said, earnestly and pityingly, " she does not love you—not as you wish." " But she will. He said so. I can wait." "He is the father of lies. Do not believe him." "He will keep his compact in this. He would not lose my soul." " She loves another." He glanced up quickly. " Whom P" Perhaps I was cruel, but I told him all. Better destroy his hopeless passion at one stab than let it die a lingering death—as die it must. That surgeon is not most merciful who is longest severing the shattered limb. When I had concluded, he sat musing awhile, and then said, almost defiantly, " She shall be mine yet! he promised me!" Irritated at his infatuation, I prepared to take my departure. " I can do no more, then," I said, sighing wearily; " I have tried my utmost to save you, and failed. I retire from the conflict van quished." " You contended with too potent an enemy," he replied. " Too potent an enemy!" I eohoed scorn fully ; "who is heP—one I would trample beneath my foot in the dust, if you would per mit me." Then, suddenly changing my tone to one of grave earnestness, I continued, " Paul, my dear, listen to me. I have been thinking all day over what you communicated to me last night, and I have arrived at the only conclusion possible." I paused: my courage deserting me. "Yes? Proceed!" he said. "Whatcon clusion?" " That your mind is unhinged by the con stant and severe strain upon it." " That I am mad, you mean ?" "Not yet; or it would be idle for me to warn you ; but you are in peril." " Thanks; you do not mince your words." " I dare not. One does not consider eti quette when straggling to rescue a drowning man. Oh, Paul, be advised. Take rest of mind and body while both may be restored to health and strength. Trust me, all that ter rible story was the effect of a diseased imagi nation. It had no reality. Satan never visited you; never persuaded you to sign a scroll; never made you any promises ; neither will he claim your soul after death. These are one and all simply phantasies proving how morbid and unbalanced your mental faculties are." " Why do you gay thatr" he cried, turning upon me. " Has Satan never appeared ? Did he not tempt the Lord, and many of the saints ? la it an unheard-of thing for spirits to descend to thiß world and be seen of men?" " Child, if they could, there are those who would como to me, knowing how I hunger for them. No, they cannot come." " You do not believe, being a Protestant." "Would your own physicianP He is of your faith ; aak him. Paul, before it is too late, let me implore you to lay aside this cease less toil. If only for a few weeks." He held forth his hand, with his winning smile, " I will, Mabel, I will—as soon as I have completed my mass; and, see, I am half way through the 'Gloria.' When that is finished I'll bo indolent enough to please you all. There, are you satisfied now P" Alas, I had to be. Later on in the day it was arranged that I should prolong my stay over Margarets wed ding, a plan I consented to the more readily for Paul's sake, feeling that he might need some one to sustain and strengthem nim when the props on which he was leaning so confidently should fail him. Those were not happy months to me. The whole household were busy preparing for the event; making numberless purchases, engaging seamstresses, receiving visitors, and doing hosts of other things in which I could only partially join, and which made me, who had been accustomed to a retired life, heartily tired before Christmas. Roland Cameron was a nice quiet lad, but so stupidly attaohed to Margaret that there was no pleasure in his company. One had to just sit and look on, an occupation which becomes monotonous after a week or two. I saw more of Paul when he had completed hiß mass, for although he spent some noun every day in the chapel practising it with the members of the choir he adhered to hiß word, and discontinued composition, and therefore had more leisure. He never spoke unneces sarily to Margaret, but when compelled always addressed her in his own calm gentle tones, and she did not guess his secret. Neither did he ever mention her name to me, or refer to what he had told me in the chapel. Ho was always absorbed in thought, and whether accompanying me on my rambles or sitting beside me on die lawn rarely entered into conversation. " I am afraid I bore you, Mabel," he said one day when we had been alone some time without breaking silence. " I follow you about like a dog, and am just as dumb. Why don't you kick me away P" "Do you think I am in the habit of kicking dogs?" " I never saw you; but it's what peopla generally do, when they're disagreeablr faithful." " Give me credit for more humanity." " I do. I give you credit for understanding a poor dumb brute, even when it cannot ex press its gratitude or show its affection save by lying at your feet or licking your hand." I knew he was alluding to himself in a kind of way, and feeling embarrassed I turned the conversation. " What shall I do," I said, " when I return to Brisbane ? I shall miss you all so much." " I shall miss you, too, Mabel. You have been more than a sister to me. What shall / do without you ?" " Why not come out with me P" I exclaimed, struck by a sudden idea. " I have a manager and secretary, but he is old, and I can easily pension him off if you will accept the appoint ment. You would have ample time to follow your musical studies, and I am sure the life would suit you. What do you say P Shall we consider it settled P" His eyes glistened, I fancied with tears, v he replied slowly: " You are very very kind, Mabel, and I am grateful; but—l don't think I shall ever go to Australia." "Why not ? Would anybody object, or hare you no inclination P" " I should be very glad, and I do not sup pose anyone would wish to prevent me; but— I am bound on a longer journey, I think;" I started, and looked at him keenly. A longer journey! What did he mean P Not surely He was oertainly thinner. Yes, I could not disguise that from myself; but, then, he was suffering so grievously. The wedding once over, and he far away from painful scenes in a new and different world, youth would assert itself and triumph over misery and disease if disease there were. So I hoped; waiting for that tardy cruel Christmas. Meanwhile, as the days went by, I watched with sinking heart his step grow slower, his cheeks hollower and diffused with a hectio flush, his eyes brighter, and his breathing shorter. He was troubled with a cough, too—not a violent one but worrying and hacking, which made me far more anxious. Would Christmas never come P I often cried impatiently; and when it did—— ah ! God, how then ? It arrived at length. What a busy timA we Bpent! It hurts me to recall it. I don't like to think of the excitement and commotion; of the presents which continually poured in for Margaret, and which were spread out so taste fully for friends to admire; of the long train of bridesmaids, laughing and chattering like merry magpies; of uncle and aunt, proud and happy, but a trifle sorrowful at losing their daughter, even though she was only going to the next estate; and, lastly, of sweet Margaret herself, with her pure seraphic face, her pretty blushes, and gentle gaiety. No, I don't like to think of it now. The night previous that was Christmas Eve—as I went upstairs to bed, Paul met mo, and drew me into his study. " One moment, Mabel," he said, closing the door; " you have been good to me—you have understood me all through—and borne with me, and been kind and patient and comforting. I don't know what I should have done without you. I want to tell you this and to thanfe you." " Oh, my dear," I cried, " how I wish I could have done more ! How I wish I could have borne it all for you !" " You have helped me to bear—more than you suppose. It would have been well for me had I listened to you at first, and been guided by you—l see it now. I have awakened from my foolish dream. lam no longer the slart of morbid fancies. I want you to know this." " God be thanked! I knew you only needed rest. When you have left England you will grow stronger every day." He went on, unheeding my interruption: " I made my confession to Father Dominic this evening, and he has absolved me from all the old errors and sins. To- morrow I shall receive at early mass ; and then, by God's help, com mence a new and better life—but, oh, what a colourless dreary one!— Dear Lord, grant it be not for long!" "Hush; do not pray like that!" I cried. 'You will live and be happy yet. Out in Queensland, beneath its sunny skies and warm delicious airs, you will speedily lose this despondency. You will not seem the same being." So I spoke, cheeringly, but my heart was sick with a nameless fear. He still continued, as though he had not heard me: "Whatever happens, Mabel, remember I am grateful to you. Tell your uncle and aunt and Margaret that I thought of them and loved them, to the end; and that God will repay them for their goodness and kindness to the forsaken orphan. I did hope to have been able to do more than thank them ; but, as it is, I cannot. I tried too much, you see, and failed in all. It would have been better had they let me perish in the snow that night, I think. How I wish they had! Don't tell them this," he said, breaking off suddenly, " and don't tell Margaret anything about— about—my love for her. It would only make her unhappy, and could do no good. And now, good night, Mabel; I hope you will like my mass to-morrow." And he concluded with the old rare smile whioh had brightened his face so seldom of late. I caught his arm, and cried in a terrified whisper, "Paul, I do not understand your words—are you going to kill yourself P" "Do not fear that. lam no longer mad. I shall await the Master's summons." " Then do you mean to leave without wish ing us good-bye ?" " My poor Mabel, what have I said to make you so mistake meP I have no intention of bringing more sorrow upon all of you than I can help. I have caused you too much already/ " Then why did you speak so solemnly P" "Because—because—1 don't know why. I wished to put my house in order. See, I have built a bonfire of the rubbish which has been accumulating for years back; and I have dis tributed such little souvenirs as I possess amongst those I love. This is for you, Mabel; a locket containing my portrait and hair. I intended that for Margaret, but now I would rather you had it. This ring is for her instead. There are some other trifles; you will find names attached to each." " And why have you done all this if nothing is about to happen P Do you feel weaker than usual P" " Oh, no !—but there is to- morrow —and no one knows. Well, good-night! I have nothing further to say, and I am only distressing you. Kiss me, Mabel, will you? Just once!" So I pressed his hot hands in mine and kissed him, and went away with tears in my eyes and a strange forboding in my bosom. It is singular that I am unable to recollect many of the incidents of the next morning— that eventful Christmas Day. There seems only an impression of confused noise and hurry ana bustle left on my mind. The chapel bells were ringing, but they seemed to me muffled, and not ringing as wedding bells and Christ mas bells ring, but tolling as for the dead. Guests were thronging, servants running hither and thither, doors opening and shutting, carriages rolling up the drive, until I, who had ever lived quietly and sedately, became quite bewildered. A crowd of the tenantry had assembled out side, and showered rice and slippers after us when we drove away to church. All was like a dream to me, for I could think of nothing but Paul and of his words, There is to-morrow. How would he bear up, now the moment had come? Anxiously I watched him, and saw, with a sense of relief, that he was muoh as usual, calm and self-contained, and apparently content. At the conclusion of the ceremony, when everybody kissed Margaret, he stepped forward and kissed her too, and said, "I wish you all happiness, Sister Margaret." And she smiled and replied, "Thank you, Paul," in a sweet grave voice. Then ho shook hands with Roland Cameron, and added a few ■words of congratulation and hopos for the future; and then we all knelt down for mass, for it seemed Margaret and Roland, and any others who chose, were to receive the sacra ment. It was Paul's music that was to be per formed, and I recognised, even in the opening chords, the beautiful haunting theme which had so captivated my senses that summer evening when I had sat alone and listened. Even now, wafted over the tide of yean, that music comes to me, faint, but rich and swelling, like a painfully exquisite dream; sometimes triumphant and glorious, sometimes troubled and sad; nevertheless, through all, the same sweet, thrilling, sorrowful melody flowing, the keynote to the musician's own desolate life; just as I heard it that Christmas day, and that other evening when the shadows were falling. Hitherto Paul had not joined in the singing himself because he presided at the organ, but there being no instrumental accompaniment to the " Agnus Dei" he stood up and took the solo part. I had never heard him sing before, and was totally unprepared for the lovely flute- like tenor he possessed. Dead silence reigned in the chapel, as the clear passionless tones rose on the air— "Agnus Dei. qui tollis pecatta mundi, miserere nobis!'' (" Oh, Lamb of God, that takest away the sins of the World, have mercy upon us ! H) I glanced around upon the rapt attentive countenances of the prostrate throng, and felt Unconsciously a thrill of pride for the moment In my boy; not theirs—not Margaret's—not Anybody's but mine. I could see how they held their very breaths lest they should lose one note of the melody m it died away, to be caught up by the choir and repeated in a low Bubaued manner. I looked at Paul. What was there in his face that made me half spring to my feet, as though to fly to him P —that made my prayer-book drop from my nerveless fingers to the ground without my heeding or pioking it up P Ido not know. I cannot explain. I only waited, my gaze fixed intently upon him, as his voice rose again, clear and beautiful, and full of a touching pathos that made one desire to weep. His hands were folded over his bosom and his eyes raised to the crucifix, and I thought of a picture I had once seen of St. Stephen the martyr looking upward into heaven, and beholding the Redeemer as he yielded his spirit. " Agnus Dei, gui tollis pecatta mundi, dona nobis paoem." As the final cadence sank into silence I, who had been straining every nerve in agony of expectation, heard a short suffocating cough, and saw him—my boy—spread forth his arms, sway to and fro, and fall. In an instant, oblivious of everything else, I had risen, darted up the aisle, across the chancel, and was kneeling beside him, with his head resting on my arm across my lap. There was pool of bright red blood on the tiled floor, there was blood streaming from his mouth over the silk of mv gown, and he was dying—my boy was dying! I looked around helplessly, imploringly. Dr. Raymond stood beside me, and Margaret, and the priest, and several others, gazing upon him, but doing nothing—it was too late—all was nearly over. Some one offered him water, but he could not drink. I dipped my handkerchief in the glass, and bathed his face, and in a little while he opened his eyes and murmured indistinctly. The doctor whispered to me, " Don't move;" and Margaret bent down her head, still adorned with the bridal wreath and veil, and kissed him, and said, " What is it, dear ?" He smiled and turned towards her; there was another terrible gush of blood, a mortal spasm, and—he was gone. What happened afterwards I never knew, and yet I did not faint. They lifted him from my supporting arms and bore him away. I remember that, and I remember the sea of anxious wondering faces as somebody led me into the sacristy, and gave me wine, but how or when we reached home Ido not recollect. I sometimes fancy nobody knew. I think I must have lain in my room half unconscious all that afternoon, for I seem to have seen people weeping quietly and treading softly coming in and out, and applying smelling salts to my nose and bathing my forehead with vinegar. Then aunt brought me some tea, and I sat up and drank it, and felt better. " Don't rise," she said; but I insisted, for I wanted to see him; and, besides, why should I add to their grief by being illp So I dressed, and went downstairs. In the dining-room the table was still spread, but disarranged, as though the guests had helped themselves. People must oat, even when death is in the house; yet it seemed unkind and heartless to me. The bridal cake, however, was uncut, and the bunds were drawn. Most of the guests had taken their departure, the remaining ones being those who had come from a distance and were sleeping in the houso. Margaret, who had changed her white bridal garments for a black gown, and whose eyes were swollen with weeping, met me and em braced me, and taking my hand led me silently into the chamber of death. There were candles burning on the table. Margaret took up one, and went towards the bed where he lay, with the sheet covering his face. She drew this back, and I looked upon him. Then for the first time my tears fell fast and uncontrolled. " Paul," I murmured," Paul, my darling 1" but, ah! had I called ever so loud he would not have heard me. There he lay, with the dark glossy curls nestling on the pillow, and the heavily-fringed lashes caressing the cold white cheeks. There he lay with the tender smile upon the youthful lips whioh had spoken last praying for God's peace—and God had answered. Calm and quiet, his thin hands crossed on his bosom, and the troubled heart at rest for ever and ever—there he lay. It was better so. Standing beside him, and knowing, as I knew, how he had borne pain and anguish and suffering, and how, had he lived, he would always nave had to bear—l acknowledged it Was better so. Better for him—but for us, who loved him, what bitter tears, what desolation, what hope* less yearning I Better for him—yes; but for us—alas, alas, for us! Cover his face again, and leave him in the dimly-lighted chamber, and the winter's cold and the stillness of death. By- and-by they will bring flowers, and the priest will recite litanies, and all who are in the house will kneel and pray for tho departed spirit; but lam a Protestant, and may not join them. I who loved him, perhaps most, if not longest, comprehended him best, and would have died for him, must grieve for him alone, must leave all tender duties to be done for him by others; must not even pray for his eternal welfare. It was hard for me—very hard. And when the funeral was* over, and Margaret and Roland had gone away, and the house was once more—not as it used to be; it could never never be that again—but settling into the regular routine, I begged Aunt and Uncle to let me £o. "Abide with us always, dear child," they said; but my health was declining so rapidly that they did not press me, and I bade fare well, and came away—away from England, with its biting frosts and deep snows ; its keen winds and dull skies ; its warm firesides and loving hearts—away to Queensland, where the sun is shining always, and snows are unknown, but where no cherished friendships awaited me. And here I am yet, in the old wooden house on the bill, where Claud and {he children lived and died, and where I, too, Bhall fold my hands, and close my eyes, and fall asleep, bo fore many years, if it please the Lord. I don't seem to mind the loneliness so much now as I did at first, being used to it; only at times, Buch us to-day, when everybody at home is gathering joyfully round the blazing hearth, and every bosom is gladsome, then memories of the past como crowding over me, and I am very desolate and sorrowful. They are all dead—all my people. Even Margaret has entered into rest. About a month ago her husband wrote and told me so, enclosing a memoriam card, and a letter which Bhe had commenced to me, but nover finished. And lam last. I, with my worn cheeks, my scanty gray hair, and my wrinkled hands—l, old Mrs. Atkinson, the lonely widow woman at the big house on the hill—l am the last of the St. Omers. 