Euchred ! À DROVER'S YARN. AN EXCITING BUSH ADVENTURE. TERRIBLE STRUGGLE WITH A DES PERADO. " Como what, oomo may; Timo and tho liour runs through tho roughest da.r." ly ' --Maoleth, Actl, Scene8. A party of four, sat round a camp fire one night on , the Talbragar ' Creek ; myself, two other ff Jackerous," and an old station hand named Jim Barry, wlio had, been Bent with us to bring up a sinall'mob ot stioep trom tne murray. It was a glorious night, and having no watc to keep; nôiie bf us felt any inclination to " tur in," -' preferring to* loungo comfortably on th grass; smoking, and listening to old Jim's yarne Ho had just been giving us a specimen of hi talent as a ventriloquist, of which he wa naturally proud. He had, he told us, once wit nessed the . performance of a variety troupe, ii which, a ventriloquist was the chief attraction and,' having been greatly impressed with the art and having discovered that he had a natural gif for it, ho practised so successfully that in th course of time he was able to throw his voice int< a pannikin fifty yards behind him. This we wer< inclined to doubt, although his performance wai certainly very good for an amateur. After th< old man had finished scaring the 'possums abov< us by whispering in iheir ears, one of our numbei remarked that Jim's talent was entirely useless ii the bush.. . » Î . " That'á where you make a mistake,*' repliée Jim,1 raising himself to drop a live ember fron the fire into his pipe. " There are few things t ! man learns which don't como in handy to him al some, time or other." A lid after a few thought ful puffs at his pipe he added, "I once hac vvery'good-reasons to feel glad I had learned tc throw my voice about." "When did that happen, Jim?" weall cried out in chorus, scenting another yarn from hu remark. " Well, heave another log on the fire, and I'll tell you. And after we had all arranged ourselves in easy positions for listening, Jim tool a parting pull at his pipe, and began : ." About four years ago I was boundary riding for old Thomson at aplace called . The Do wnfall,' about seven miles from the homestead. My hut was perched half way up a steep pine ridge, facing a large dam, into which all tho storm water from the ranges had drained, until it had formed a huge lake, broad and deep enough to float a frigate. It was a wild looking spot, and had borne the reputation of being haunted since the wife of an old shepherd who used to live there was found ono morning by the ration carrier with her throat cut. Several drovers who had camped there reported that they had seen and fired at f something .white.' However, tho old lady had .never troubled rae. I had seen no spectre* flitting about'among the dark pines at tho back of the hut, though I did soe a white rock with several bullet marks on the face of it. So I warn you, boys, you can ' turn in at once if it is a ghost yarn you are expecting.' Having assured Jim that nothing was farther from our thoughts, though I am sure we all felt slightly ' sold,'I he went on. ;,"But, apart from ghosts, it was a skeery sort of place to Hve in, with not a soul nearer than the station to have a'pitch'with, and. I. should have shifted out sooner than I did but for the fact that I was piling up a respectable cheque for scalp3. It was a grand spot for kan garoos ; they used to come down to the water on moonlight nights, and I could pick them off from the hut. I had a ' Martini' rifle I bought from a 'new chum' who had been staying up at 'tho big house ' for a time. It was a novelty lip there, and I felt rather proud of owning it. " One Sunday afternoon I was sitting outside the hut deaning my shooting stick, when my dog rushed out and bogan to bark furiously. He had been growling in a low key for some time pre viously, but I took ño notice of him. It was seldom he had to announce any other visitor but the ration carrier, who came out every fortnight. However, as the dog scampered away over the ridge I stood up and saw aman coming toward the hut. He carried no swag; and as he came nearer I noticed he was covered in dust, and his face was cub and bleeding. I called the dog off, for he was growling very wickedly at the man's heels, and I said ' Good day, mate.' ' Good day/ he answered j but as he caught the sight of the rifle he stopped short, and I thought ho looked tho least bit startled. But muttering some words I failed to catch, he sat down on the bench beside me, helping himself at the same time to a pannikin of tea from the ' billy' at his side. As he drank it off I noticed he still kept glancing over the rim of the panni kin at the rifle I still held in my hand. " ' You look as if you had just got a nasty fall/ I said, when he had finished his drink. ' So I have,' he replied, ' my horse fell and threw me about a mile from here, and I couldn't catch the brute again.' " 'Whore were you making'for when you were thrown ?' I asked. He didn't answer me at once and I repeated the question before he said '. I've boen shearing over at T-?-, but they * cut out' yesterday, and I'm going on to S--- now, as I hear they will begin shearing there in a few days.' " Now,T-was ten miles on the other side of our head station, and the track from it to my hut passed right through our homestead. I knew that our shed was in full swing, and that there were still a few hands required to fill the boards. , So I asked my visitor why he had not been taken on there. He told me lie had not passed the shed; but had taken a back track which crossed the creek a mile lower down. I asked him a few more questions, but he answered me so sulkily, and was altogether such an ugly-looking ' cuss/ that I didn't much relish the idea of having his com pany for the night. So I said, 'We had better see about catching this horse of yours, mate, for if he goes toward the ranges you will lose him, saddle and swag, as there is no fence to stop him.' " My own horse was hobbled out about a hundred yards from the hut, as I hadn t long turned him out, and as I spoke I took up the bridle to go for him. As I put down my rifle, the fellow took it up carelessly and turned it over in his hands. 'It: puzzles me/ said he, 'how you fire a thing like this without any hammer. I never saw one like it before.' Now, this was touching me on a weak point, andi sat down again and explained to 'him how to fire it. I chowed him how to v- open the breech and' slide the cart ridge in, and how to .throw out the empty case. Then I fired a couple of shots at a stump about two hundred yards distant to show how far and true my weapon could carry a bullet. After I had extracted the empty case he' said, ' Lot me have a shot, mate. I think I can do better than that.' " I felt a bit wild at his boast, though I laughed as I handed him the rifle with a cartridge and said, ' I don't see how you can do better, as I hit the stump each time.' But he loaded the rifle quickly, and with a queer sort of grin replied, ' Well, I think-1 shall astonish yon anyhow/ and by heavens he did j for before I had time to jump up ho had drawn off and, having pointed the rifle at my head, ordered mo to""'Hands-up.'. For a moment I thought he only meant it as a joke ; but a second demand to obey his order and a glitter in his eyes warned me my unpleasant visitor was in earnest ; and I can assure you, boys, I experienced a very uncomfortable sensation as I looked along the shining barrel and saw his finger was on the trigger. "I have read somewhere that thoughts fly very quickly through a man's mind when placed in the position I stood in at that moment. But in my case I was so completely taken by surprise that I could think of nothing but what he hoped to gain by sticking me up. I noticed, too (which alarmed "me most) that he was trembling all over, and I was afraid the rifle would go off by accident. I looked over his shoulder with a faint hope that some of the boys might have taken a notion to come as far as the dam for a duck. But nothing moving caught my attention, except the horse by the water's edge, and the air was so still, or my hearing was strained to such a pitch that I could hear distinctly the clink, clink, of the hobbles as he fed along the bank. My dog had scratched a hole in the ground and lay in the shade of the hut blinking lazily up at me, little knowing how I cursed him in my heart for not springing at the throat of the man who stood before me, and so give me a chance to regain my rifle. " It seemed to have been pointed at, and burn ing a hole through me for fully five minutes, although it couldn't have been as many seconds, when I asked ' What do you intend to do with me ?' He answered by ordering me to place all the cartridges I had into my saddle pouches. Seeing that I hesitated, he cried out savagely ' Hurry up my man. I want that horse of yours . saddled^ for I intend " to -borrow him until I-can get a bettor one.' "I obeyed him, though I went very slowly about it 5 packing the cartridges in with great neatness and care j for I thought that if he had stuck up anyone previously to his present visit, the troopers might even then be close at hand; and though I was in no great fear of my life, I did not like the prospect of losing my beloved rifle, to say nothing of my other effects. But I was soon f rt reed to hurry my movements, for my captor quickly read my thoughts, and, with an awful smile on his ugly face, he said, ' You were very cartful to teach me how to use this pretty shooting stick. Now, I warn you if you don't Bhift your self about a little quicker, I shall have to see whether I am perfect'; adding, 'Those two shotB of yours may bring the traps this way at any moment.' "As he spoke, a bright idea flashed upon mo. His words had suggested it. I was stooping over my bunk strapping the pouches on to my saddle, while he stood just within the door, watching me. Suddenly a voice, apparently just bahind him, shouted, 'Drop that rifle, and throw up your hands!' " The rifle fell to the ground, as he swung round with MB arms above his head, and in a second I had it once more in my hands! I gave a shout of triumph, and when he turned his white scared faco to mine, he saw that he had been 'euchred on his own lead.1 "All the swagger had disappearedas he blurted out, 'I was only joking with you, mate !' But I kept him covered. ' Bah ! it's a very tfood joke/ said I j ' So good that I mean to seo it out to the end ?' And it was a good joke for me to see him standing there before me, white and trembling, looking over each shoulder for the owner of the voice which had turned the tables so completely upon him. "I believe he thought the.hut was really haunted; for he looked at me strangely as if he would ask whether 1 heard the mysterious voice as he had, or whether he had only been the vic tim of imagination. ' " But I allowed him^no time to ask questions. I repeated the orders he had given me, and took a keen delight in making him move round smartly. All the time he was cursing and repeating that he had 'only bailed me up for a lark.' But I was certain, from the lies I knew he had told me, that he had been at some dirty work, and I was deter mined to march him into the station. After he had finished the work I had begun under his directions, I ordered, him to take the bridle and bring.up my horse, hobbled as he was. I followed him within easy range, first warning him that if he stooped toward the hobles until I ordered him I would stop him with a bullet. " After much bad language he managed to slip the bridle on, and I then persuaded him to tie the horse up to the post in front of the hut. ' Now take off the hobbles.'^ He did so, and placed the saddle in position, while he kept one eye fixed on my ' persuader.' He was about to fasten the girths, but I wouldn't trust him, fearing he might play tricks with them, y I ordered him to Btand ten paces away with his back toward me. I watched him carefully as I quickly but carefully buckled the girths ; then, springing into the saddle, I shouted to him to move on slowly along the track which led tc the station. 1 followed with the bridle over my arm, leaving both hands free to use the rifle in case he should make a dash : for liberty. My joking friend looked back once as if meditating a run, but finding that' my eyes were upon him, and seeing a movement of the rifle, he altered his mind, remembering no doubt my success with the stump. . "I don't know how my prisoner felt as he plodded along ahead "of me, but I know mj nerves were strung to their highest pitch. 1 looked out. anxiously for some one ;who coule assist one in making him secure by tying him up I dared not attempt to do it alone, for he was « big, powerful looking fellow, and my rifle woulc ; have been useless at close quarters. " To add to my uneasiness, the sun was fasl dipping, and I feared that it would be dark befor< I could reach the station. I waaiafraid, too, thal my prisoner would make a sudden dash into th< thick pine sorub whioh grew on either side of th< track. I knew if my first shot missed I shoulc iose him, for I could not have followed him or horseback, neither could I have fired with anj hope of success had my prisoner once gained thc shelter of the scrub. And so I kept my oye£ fixed upon him until my brain seemed to swim But-, he was too ohioken-hearted to make anj attempVat escape. > Perhaps he was waiting for thc darkness. That was the thought which troubled me, for my heart was set upon getting him to the station. The thought of him giving me ,the slip made me furious, and, riding uj closely behind him, I shouted ' You lying dog ; ] see by your tracks you carno from the station ; ii ÍB there you have done your dirty work, and FI take you back dead or alive, so shift along quickei if you want to save your ugly carcase.' H< understood I was in earnest, and his pace im proved wonderfully. " When we had travelled about a mile and £ half I noticed a gray horse in front of us standing close by the traok. . As I got nearer I recogniBec it as belonging to our overseer. It was saddled and I saw that the bridle had caught in a fállei tree. I guessed at once that, this was the horse m¿ friend ahead had been thrown from, and tha ' Jackey' had got ' snagged' on his way home. " I did not stop to clear him as I saw that m} captive was on the alert ; for he had heard what could hear plainly/ the beat of horses'hoofs oi the track coming toward us. I shouted to himt< stand still, and then with all my power I set up i coo-ee, For a moment I was off my guard my eyes fixed upon the bend in the traci ahead of me. In that moment my prisone saw his chance. He made a jump for the scrub I fired hastily, and, throwing myself out of th saddle, Ï dashed into the scrub after him, throw ing my rifle down at the same time. I caugh him before he had gone twenty paces, for my sho had passed through the fleshy part of his leg and, having seen that he had no chance o; escapo, he turned and sprang at me, oursin ¡ horribly.7 -His great weight bore mc down, an< we fought on tho ground like two wild cats.' " At last ho forced mo down, and, kneeling oi my chest, he raised a large piece of granite, an< brought it down with, a crash on my bare head I remember seeing him raise it again. Then. ] heard the boss's voice, and saw his big blood hound spring at the throat of my friend with th( rock, bearing him backward from off me. Ther everything went black. There'was a queer sort of singing in my oars, and I remembered nomorc until I found myself sitting up against a* tree, feeling sick and dizzy, with the boss bending over me. A nip out of his flask revived mé, and I was pleased to Bee my joke-loving friend seated on the old gray horse. There was no fear of his being thrown off a second time, for I noticed thal his legs were tied securely together, and hit wrists were decorated with a pair of bracelets ] had often noticed hanging up in the office. Ther 1 knew he was tho man whom the boss and thc black mailboy were in search of. " When I had recovered sufficiently to clim! into my saddle, the mailboy led our prisonej ahead, while the bo3S and I brought up the rear He listened to my story with 'great attention especially when I told him about the mysterious voice,which had been the means of my successful capture, and he laughed heartily at the manner in which'tthe trick had been done, in spite of the grave news he had to tell me. For I learned on our ride back that my man had been shearing up at the shed, bub as he had been too frequent in his demand for ' tar,' he had been discharged by the overseer on the previous day. But, having heard'that the fellow had camped in the travel lers' hut, and was swearing vengeance against .him, jbhei overseer rode down that morning to turn him out.' An hour afterward he was discovered lying' outside the hut bleeding from' a sévère stab in tlie chest, while his horse had disappeared withfthe'cowardly wretch ahead of us.,, It'Was very fortunate that the mailboy got upon'* hi's track so soon, for it was. dark' when, we reached vhome. - But late as it was we put our Î>risoner. in the spring cart and saw him safely odgèd'in the nearest lockup at dawn next dayi ," ,"W¡hep the overseer had recovered sufficiently to give'his evidence with mine, I had the satis faction of hearing sentence of ' ten years' hard labor ' passed upon the man who had bailed me , up. with my own rifle. /' So you see," added Jim, as he banked up the fire for the morning, and lit his last .pipe, " my little accomplishment was the means of getting mo out of a very queer scrape, and cutting short the career of a man who, had he got a better 'show' at I the start would have caused à great deal of mischief before being taken j which gbe's'to prove that I was right in saying that nothing a rnan lea'rns which is at all worth learning, is; entirely useless, even in the bush." . A¿nd, having left ns to digest this chunk' of wisdom, Jim retired in a, dignified manner to his tent. ' 