W I N S T O WE. BY MBS. LEITH-ADAMS. CHAPTER XVUI.-f'Jtojcftftfed.) And now, thinking it all over, William called to mind that Gay Tremlett had offered no explanation of hia sudden and mysterious departure. He had found fault with Lilian for writing to Tremlett Court; he had not said that he had been there. He looked ill and worn; more so than a tii-] at bis age ought to do. Was the knowledge Jim had gained the key to the whole matter? Had Gay Tremlett sought Bafety from temptation in flight ? " Sofewfellows would goto the devil if there was not some willing hand near to gi?e them a posh down hill!" thought William, looking back upon various experiences of hie London life. William Snow was no prig, no milksop, no Pharisee. If he had held aloof from the coarser temptations of life, it was because the love of one woman had been ever fresh and. green in Ids heart, like that plant that keeps the water of a fountain bright and clear. Failing these influences, failing the training of a simple-minded, God-fearing man, what was there to prevent him from having been as many of the men he saw about him? Hie really pure and genezons-minded are the last to cast a stone at others, and the first to hold out their hand to "their weaker brethren. It is the questionable and the selfrighteous who gather their garments about them, lest they . should come in contact with ..the pad and the .fallen. He tamed, distastefully from the thought of Gay's unwortbiness, withnoParitanioal selfrighteousness, bat rather as seeing in him the future husband of a woman who was in his own loving estimation " far above rabies." "I will let Pelham Pettigrew know that I cannot take , a run northward just yet," he thought, as he turned into the Temple Cloisters. " I declare 1 feel as I'd just been standing godfather to some one! Lilian's face was as solemn as a little Judge when she made me "promise and vow* to be that fellow's friend." At the doors of the chambers in Figtree Court stood Beams the jocund. His hair was rumpled up all over his head, and his eyes so wildly opened, it would not have surprised One to hear that he had seen a ghost. "Please, sir, Mr. Pettiugroo's bin'ere, he says he wants to see you most pertickler." "Oh, all right," said his master, passing on. But Beams hadn't "said his say." He harried a step or two, so as to come alongside his master, pulled the forelock of his hair in lien, of a cap, grinned, and ventured on the remark— ."Please, sir, he'd got his wigandgownd on." "Had he? £ dare say he came oat of Court.* By-the-wajr, Beams," William added, as if the idea had inst occurred to his mind, "1 hope the toothache's all right again f I am happy to have to record that Beams blushed. But, "Oh yes, thank you, sir," was what he said, and then he shook his head, and scratched his head, and finally snapped every individual joint on each hand after a fashion peculiarly his own when in any distress of mind. " I won't never go for to deceive him no more," muttered Beams to himself; " there ain't no sort of -credit in deceivia' a chap as is so easy took in. I raally do think as the devil hisself can't be no wnss a pussbn than Abrhn Beams." Mm. Masher had seen the short interview between Beams and his master, and her mind -reverted to the old subject of worldly gain. - i " Has he rose yer wages?" she asked softly, craning herself ronnd Twiggfe doorpost to put the question. Beams turned up his eyes till nothing but the whites were visible, and gently patted his pockets. Then, without a word, he swiftly departed, leaving the avaricious Masher munching her lantern jaws over the flavour of imaginary " siller." As anxious to see Mr. Pettigrew as Mr. Pettigrew could be to see him, William hastened to the City chambers occupied by that great man. Mounting a flight of stairs, he entered a small square vestibule, having on either side doors, upon which were painted in white letters the names of eminent legal lights, each of which luminaries appeared to possess a knocker for his own separate and particular use. After William had given a modest rap to the one that was labelled "Mr. Pelnam Pettigrew, Q.C.," the door was cautiously opened about a quarter of a yard, and a tall, pale-faced young man, with spectacles and a squint, looked forth. He gazei with one eve down the staircase and with the other into the visitor's face. "Is Mr. Pettigrew'in?" asked Mr. Snow. "Yes, he is in, but he's engaged—a consultation, in fact," replied the other mysteioasly. Mow, William knew that a consultation with an eminent person like his friendtheQ. C. ms an important and solemn occasion, and -one not to be ligbtly interrupted. He was therefore about to say he would call again and take his departure, when •suddenly an inner door was flung impetuously open, and with gown finne back and wig awry, the object of his enquiries stood revealed. . , , The pale young man with the defective •vision shrunk back into a small chamber wherein he spent the main portion of his lif a, •and bit the nib off a newly-made pen in his •embarrassment. " Ha, Snow! thought it was you—come m; never mind what Mudge therejsays. As it's you, I'll break through business rales—ha; ha!" , . By this time they were in the inner room, and Mr. Pettigrew had flung himself into an easy-chair, and resumed the occupation which Mr. Madge had dignified by the name of a "consultation." His legs crossed his dapper little boots elevated in the air, his white hand curved into a focus tube, his head as well as his wig on one side, the great Q.C. was truly holding a "consultationbut the "case" on which it was convened was one containing an exquisite female head by Greuze. " There's a dainty little lady! Shouldn't mind meeting her "'coming through the rye* —eh ?" said he, focusing the other eye by way of variety. . . " Look at her lips—they seem to breathe! By Jove! 1 feel Shakespearian as I look at then. 'One kiss! — rabies uaparagoned,' &c.;" The picture dealer, taking all these compliments to himself, bowed and smiled obsequiously. "The light's wrong," suddenly cried Mr, Pettigrew, jumping np; "here Madge-! Madge!" The depressed Madge presented himself without delay, and tried to look as straight as he possibly could. " Wheel that deek aside—there now, help Mr. Nathan to lift the case on to the table. Capital! Now. Snow, what do yon say to that, ehr At this moment a violent knocking took place at the outer door. "Madge, said his master, mysteriously, *'I can't see any one. Important consultation. Mind now, if it's that Breach of Promise again," fcicK him downstairs." "Yes, sir," said the long-suffering Madge; and Mr. Pettigrew concentrated/his attention on the picture. "What a smile—eh. Snow? After all, there's ntt&ino; like a Creuze," Tha day of De Hooghe and Rembrandt waB past; the thrifty housewife and her broom would "go So the wall" (literally), and this dreamy, pensive eirl would smile and blush, "first favourite" among Pelham's art beauties. There was something in the pensive violet eyes of that pictured face, something in the sweetness of the delicate mouth, that touched a chord in William Snow's heart It was just one of those chance likenesses that we often come across in art or in life; a glance, a smile that is a reflection of something graven on oar hearts—something that seems familiar to us, and that we look at with a tenderness that is like borrowed light. " You like it, Snow?" questioned Mr. Pettigrew, glancing np at the young lawyer's face—" seen some one like it once—eh ?" "It is a lovely picture; and you are right. I have Been soma one like it." " Rum-tom-ti-tay!" hammed the Q.C. to himself, regarding with affectionate eyes his own faultless boot, with its wonderful arched instep. " Name your figure. This last observation was made to the insinuating Mr. Nathan, who thought it the correct thing to bow and anile each time be caught the eye of either of the two gentlemen, and consequently went through a good deal of exercise in that war. Mr. Nathan rubbed his hands gently together, and named a figure. Mr. Pettigrew pushed back his wig with an impeiaouB movement till the iron-grey crest liberated iteelf and stood defiantly on end. " What!" he said, turning his piercing grey eyes npon the dealer, as thongh he were a mendacious witness who had just oerjured himself. " What did y.u say?' " Well, sir," replied Nathan, shivering, but still smiling braveljr, "to you being a customer, and so kind in saying a good word— " When I've been done myself, sir, I like to have a hanl in another man's being done too —that's why I recommend your daubs," put in the intended victim. This was of course a joke, so Nathan wa« bound to laugh; but his merriment souudei hollow.'and his unwholesome complexion took A duller tinge as he named a slightly smaller "We can do it at that figure for you, sir, he said crindlngly," because, yon see, your name—" " Yes, yes; I know. You can tell any lie, palm off any worthless daub upon a poor devil by telling him I gave four figures for its twin brother!—ha! ha! very good, 'What's in ."a name ?—a good deal's in a name. I'll give yon a fair price for this bit of colour, and xnyname into the bargain!" Here he named a sum little more than half what had been Mr. Nathan's original proposal, and, without giving the dealer time to make a single objection, touched a hand-gong on the table at his elbow. Mr. Mndge appeared, chequebook in hand; his master wrote oat a cheque for the amount, and bowed Mr. Nathan into the passage. Then Mr. Pettigrew fell into raptures over his new acquisition. "Well take it with as to Hazelcroft Madge there is a capital hand at packing, I know the very nook where it] shall hang. A perfect light, and just" "I'm really sorry," interrupted William, " but I find leant get away from town just now." Mr. Fettigrew's wig, which had had been down his back, here fell off. He stooped, raised it, and set it on a withstand, where it roosted nightly like a gigantic bird. Then he looked .his companion gravely in the face. "Business, eh?" I William was a bad hand at subterfuge; a hot flush mounted to his brow as he answered— "No; bat I have made a promise that necessitates my remaining in town for the present. The keen reader of human nature saw that this resolve was unassailable. "' This rock shall fir From its firm base as soon as I,'" he said laughing. - " That's it—eh, Snov ?" "The qaotation is an apt one," sail William. * " But the trip is only postponed ?" "I hope so." " Well, then, I sha'n't go myself. There's plenty to do here, if I choose to do it; and well wait till the pheasants are in trim to be touched np." So this was decided upon, and William took his departure. "Soshe's like that, is she?" mattered Pelham, looking intently at the soft, smiling face of the picture. " Then she's a devilish pretty woman. He takes the same interest in her as if she was 'a sister,' and makes her a promise that must needs keep him in town." Then he chuckled to himself, and repeated the words as if arguing with an invisible opponent. "A sister, a sister—quite, quite! Then he touched the gong for Madge. "Hasthat confounded Breach of Promise been?" "Yes, dr." "Did you—no, of course you did'nt Well, if he calls again, say I'm at home, and at liberty. The consultation is at an end — clients can be admitted." 