THE NOVELIST. RAINBOW GOLD. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. BOOK IV. HOW AARON WHITTAKER BEGAN TO LONG FOR THE RAINBOW GOLD, AND JOB ROUND THREW IT AWAY. CHAPTER VI. Castle Barfield had settled back iato its normal tranquility. The battle of the right of way had been fought and won, and the enemy showed no appetite for a renewal of the struggle. For a time people who had never before been in the nabit of walking through the Warren Leasowes directed all their strolls that way, and on fine Sunday afternoons in especial there was to be seen a long procession of Castle Barfield folk leisurely promenading the recovered path way, but by-and-by the place lost its fascina tion, and General Coninghame's privacy was no imore disturbed than it would have been if he had never made his ill-judged effort to exclude the people altogether. The General meditated a retiremeut from the Warren, and Armstrong, looking daily over the ad vertisement columns of the Times, saw the place announced for sale. The present pro prietor had resolved to take up his residence abroad, so said the advertisement, and Arm strong had never been more sincerely thankful in his life than he felt on reading that state ment. The grey man had never known by what means his obstinate son-in-law had got rid of Mr. Walker. To have bought off that dange rous spy was the most humiliating thing to which Job had never found himself com pelled. He had been tied to the triangles and flogged, but it was not in him to feel that as a humiliation. That came from without, and irresistible physical force constrained him. He rebelled against it with more than fire enough, and it was that which had thrown him as a prey into the wicked hands of Mon sieur Bonaventure. It was not a thing over which to ,feel humiliated, but a thing to be revenged. The purchase of safety at the hands of Mr. Walker was his own act and deed, but no earthly consideration except Sarah's happiness would have had a straw's weight with him in persuasion to it, and even with that exigent influence behind him he felt the transaction shameful and revolting. He drew some satisfaction from its very bitterness, for, in Job's uncompromising theology, a certain sum of human misery was to be exacted for a certain sum of wrong doing, and the more he himself Buffered the lesB Sarah would have to suffer. God was cruel, but on His own stern lines was just, and would exact no tittle beyond HiB proper payment of revenge. So Job learned to welcome his own self abaBement for his daughter's sake, and treasured even the agony of his own remorse and fears as being set on the right side in the awful ledger. Aaron came more and more assuredly as the weeks went on, and Job grew tnoreaccustomed to hope well of him. The young man wasalways a shade too smooth and acquiescent for hiB prospective father-in-law's taste, but Job ad mitted that he seemed devoted to Sarah, and that he stuck to his new concerns with an admirable assiduity. It waB winter time, the sacred season was near at hand, and Job and Sarah were seated in the little sitting-room of the cottage, with Armstrong for sole visitor at present. The fire burned brightly, the drawn curtains and the mellow lamp gave the room a snug and cosy air, and the white-and-gold china tea-set sparkled on the table, which was laid for four. Sarah wore an expectant air, and was caught now and then in the act of listening for a step outside. She took her share or the talk, but lost the thread of it at times, and was inclined to be restless and even fidgety. But at last the latch of the gate clicked, the hinges shrieked, the gate clashed back into its place, and a step sounded on the gravel. Sarah ran to open the door and welcome her sweetheart. Aaron entered beaming and bustling, and shook hands all round. Surah took from him bis hat and great-coat and hung them on a peg in a little dark passage between the front room and the kitchen, and, being in the dark and Bafe from observation, she kissed the cuff of the great-coat before she left it hanging there. " You're a bit late, Mr. Whittaker," said Job. "Iam, sir,"returned Aaron, smoothly; "but I couldn't very well help it. I've been detained at the mine. We have come upon coal, sir. I've brought a bit with me." He stepped into the little darkened passage, and encountering Sarah there, gave her a silent kiss, and then, feeling for his overcoat, drew from one of the pockets a small brown-paper parcel. Return ing with this to the sitting-room, he opened it, and revealed a shining lump of coal, of about a pound in weight. "Good stuff, sir," he said, holding it out to Job, " Ave," said he. " It looks all right." " We're going to make a good thing of it, sir," said Aaron. "It's worth a thousand pounds an acre, all expenses paid." " Ah !" Job answered. " Who says so ?" "That's Morley's estimate," said Aaron. Morley was the mine surveyor, but the esti mate was Aaron's own, "Look here, Miss Round. That's the first piece out of the solid ' in the new mine. , I cut it out," he added in an undertone, " with my own hands to show you. " It'll be worth a thousand pounds an acre." "Can I keep it?" asked Sarah. Aaron nodded, with a gratified smile, and she ran away upstairs to lock the black memento in one of her own drawers. She would have been just as well pleased had Aaron said that it was going to be worth a thousand pence as acre aB she was when he told her it was going to be worth a thousand poundB. The money meant nothing to her, but if Aaron were going to be prosperous, of course she was de lighted. It does not say much for Aaron, perhaps, that as a matter of fact this precious sou venir, which Sarah had just triumphantly locked away, came from his mother's coal shed. It may be urged in his excuse thathe deserved to be calleiFcoal from the floor of the new mine, and that, contrasting and com paring it with the sample of the local supply to be found at home, had come to the con clusion that the quality, of his own find was hardly as high as it might have been. He had dropped the morsel, therefore, and had picked up another piece, by purposed acci dent, in the place of it, and, being a born liar, had almost persuaded himself by this time that he haa picked up the original fragment. And such a piece,of work is a man (when he is bnilt on the lines of Aaron Whittaker), that the young man's prospective thousand poundB an acre bad come to be as real and actual a thing to him, with much talking of it, as if it were already earned and entered to his credit at the Bank. " I'm in treaty for a piece of property, Mr. Round," said Aaron, when they were ell four seated at the tea-tabic, "and I'm having plane prepared for building a honae upon it." This, like tbe thousand pounds an aore, bad been one of Aaron's day-dreams for some months past, and when the thousand pounds an acre had been realized be meant to put it into practice, to translate it into fact. " M—m," said Job, sipping, at his tea. " And where do you think of building ?" Fortunately for young Mr, Whittaker, be had already decided on bis locale, and was able to reply without embarrassment. "Isn't the spot rather exposed?" asked Armstrong. " Well it is a little exposed towards the east," replied Aaron; " but I think of plant ingat the back." He was the only child of a widowed mother, who waB known to be well-to-do, and neither Job nor Armstrong bad any reason to doubt bim. One must either be a liar oneself, like the gentleman in the story, or have had experience of a young man who can be, with no purpose, with Aaron's fluency, before one can feel suspicious of bim. He bad a way of running before things, of counting for the moment with actual certainty on the future. If anybody had told him he was a liar, he would have been bitterly and naturally in dignant. Perhaps within himself be might have admitted that this habit of forestalling tbe future was not quite consistent with a Btrict veracity, but an outsider would have had no right to that opinion. "You haven't actually bought it yet?" said Job. "Not exactly," replied Aaron, lightly. " But it's almost as good as done." "Let mo see," said Job. "Who's the owner ?" Aaron had scalded himself with his tea, and could not reply for the moment. Arm strong happened to know, and came un consciously to the young man's rescue. " What's he want for it ?" Job asked, when he bad learned the owner's name. " WVre standing off a little aboutthe price, answered Aaron, airily. " He wants a couple of hundred more than I feel inclined to give him." The talk drifted to other matters, and the young man bore his part in it until tea was over. Then, after the manner of the house hold, Sarah cleared away with her own hands and retired to the kitchen to wash up the tea-things. Aaron slid out after her, ana did a little courtship, whilst the two elders drew near the fire, and lit their pipes, "Hear to the wind and the rain, Job," said Armstrong, after a pause. " There's an odd Bort of human distress in the sound of it. It's like Sterne's starling, with the difference that it wants to get in, in place of wanting to hear it? 'I can't get in—I get out. D'ye hear it? 'I can't get : can't get in,' says the wind and the rain." Job grunted an assent, and sat smoking, staring at the fire, and listening. By-and-by to which he took up the parable at the point' his own thoughts had carried it. " One can't wonder that ignorance is super stitious," he said. " Go where you will, the world's full of voices." " Have ye any sort o' faith in ghosts, Job?" demanded Armstrong. "I'm not thinking of a hollow illuminated turnip on a stick, with a bit of sheet depending from it. I'm scarcely thinking of a visible ghost at all, 1 fancy. But sometimes, when ye're alone and chinking, did y'ever have the sense that some body was near ye in the spirit?" " Nerves," said Job, cnrtly, still staring at the fire, and pulling slowly at his pipe. " Maybe," returned the Scot, " And maybe something more than nerves. Science is a grand thing, Joh, but it's young, and, like most young things, it's inclined, if ye give it itB way over-much, to he headlong, and a wee bit tyrannical. ' Get awa' oot o' the hoose, feytber,' says young Science. 'I'll dooms soon fetch the old rubbish-heap down.' And, says old Civilization, 'Bide awhile, lad. There's a thing or two I'd like to carry away with me.' Ye see, Job, lad," the old man continued, looking mildly at his son-in-law between his eyebrows and his glasses, " ye try to kill one wonder with another. I say ' A spiritual presence,' and y'answer 'Nerves.' Man alive, the human economy's as wonderful and as little understandable as anything in the whole procession of ghostly things." Ay, ay," said Job, "everything's won derful. There's no end to wonder. He sat looking seriously at the fire, with his face half in shadow and half in the dusky glow of the steady firelight. "But that young Jackanapes they call Science tellB ye he's found the end to it. He's a fine lad, a fine lad, but cock-a-whoop, and over-certain for his years." " What set you on this tack, sir ?" asked Job, still staring into the fire. " You don't believe in ghosts?" "It was the night's noises that set me thinking," the old man responded. " As for believing in ghosts, that's a hard thing to say yes or no to. Say ves, without reserve, and ye may as well stick straws in your hair and set up a private Bedlam out of hand at once. Say no, without reserve, and ye may shut yourself out of more than it's easy to guess of. Ye've heard of these new table-turning, spirit-rapping gentry that draw Burns and Bnakspeare out of their heavenly contempla tions, and set them knocking double knocks like the ghoBts of a pair of demented post men? They'll knock a while before they knock faith into me. Burns wanders by the heavenly brooks, lad, in heavenly solitudes, and just ance in a while a seraph passes him, and sees a song in the air. And as for Shak speare, he Bits in the middle of a silent ring, and the mighty thoughts just float out of him, and the audience sees and hears. Eh, lad, that pair's got better work on hand than the nightly staggering of noodles at five pounds a head." He paused, with a little laugh at himself. " Alt these are facts, lad," he added, with his customary look of dry humour. It was Job who renewed the theme. "You think," he said, "that the dead know us—that they want sometimes to get near ns." "Whynot?" answered Armstrong. "Ye know the 'Age of Reason?'" Job nodded, without looking at him. "Poor Paine's notion was that all the worlds are Inhabited, but it's as likely as not we'll have separate heavens, Ye'd be a bit ill at ease at first with a man out o' Saturn or Jupiter. I'm thinking the human interest may endnre, and that maybe a soul that's lived in fleBn npon the planet has no liking for strange ground. And ye can fancy even the hapDiest spirit asking the master-seraph for a holiday. 'I beg your pardon, znyloro, but I've been behaving myself fairly of late, and I'd like to get away back to Castle Barfield for an konr, and have a look at the hnsband and the little girl.' And ye can fanoy the permission being given. Ye can fancy, too, that it's a little hard to be doubted and denied when they do come. 'Here's your poor dead mother's soul come to see ye.' And then says the flesh-clothed soul' Nerves,' and trieB to chase his poor old mother with a decoction o' Peruvian bark." " No," said Job, after a lengthy pause, " I can't believe it. The things of this world are mercifully hidden. How if the poor mother comes back to find her little girl a painted drab on the town streets, or her son | a murderer—the little lad she nursed ?" " Eh!" said Armstrong, softly, " but who knows but, if she could come, she'd fetch the poor wench from the mire." " They rest from their labours," said Job. There was so singular a break in his voice that Armstrong cast back his head to look at him through his glasses, but saw no change in his aspect. Job, for a minute or two past, had been toying with the poker, and now he thrust it into the fire, which broke into bright light. His face was as placid as ever, and Armstrong could see it quite plainly. "There's no reason, the giant went on, rising to take down his tobacco-pot from the lofty mantel-shelf, and sitting down again to fill his pipe—" there's no reason to believe that the saints are troubled with the concerns of this world, and, for my own part, I should be sorry to believe in any such doctrine. A good man dies, and his Bon turns out a black §uard. We say 'tis well he died—that he ied in time. To my mind, that speaks the wise view of the case. There are people in heaven now who'd fill the place with waitings if they knew what you and I know. And heaven is no place for waitings." " Ah, well!" said Armstrong; " that's a more convincing argument, to my mind, than nerves." He knocked out the ashes of his pipe, and Job, in obedience to a gesture of his hand, pushed the tobacco-jar acrosB the table, and then lay back in his chair smoking. They were both silent for awhile, and then said Armstrong, "In the midst of all the in soluble puzzleB the world's filled with, I see nothing for it, Job, for a pair o' sensible men like yon and me, but to settle down to a solid game at chess." " Come along," said Job, and five minutes later, Armstrong's fingers were pattering on the table out of time in accompaniment to his tuneless whistle. The whole tribe of ghosts had disappeared for him out of the economy of nature. Job sat over the board with a thoughtful frown, and played his game solidly and steadily, though his ghosts were thick about him, and would, but for the stony resolution with which he held them off, have 1 flowed in a crowd between his thoughts and himself. They played for a couple of hours, and in the meantime Aaron and Sarah sat in the next room. Aaron was full of his own won derful prospects, and, with pes, ink, and paper before him, drew a sketch plan of the visionary house. Sarah did not know a great deal about practical architecture, and though Aaron's house, if it had been built on the lines he showed, would have tumbled inwards with the builders before the roof wag on it. she was quite satisfied with the plans; and ] when her lover gave her the one grain of truth he had to offer, and told her this palace waa.entirely of his own designing, she thought him* the most remarkable and admirable of men. What was there that he could not do ? She asked this with the most innocent delight and pride, and Aaron smiled the question on one side with an air of satisfied humility. ' cut, Aaron, said she, can you artoru to live in such a house ?" "Yes," he answered, in a sort of tolerant astonishment at her enquiry, " You don't suppose I should think of building it if I couldn't afford it." He laughed at her, and pinched her cheek in his own superior way. " What sort of a head for business do you think I have ?" he asked good-humoredly. She laughed at him admiringly, and, of conrse, thought him fit to control the ex chequer of the United Kingdom. " I don't mean to exceed my income," said Aaron. "A man who lives beyond his income { iB a foolish fellow. I don't think it's wise even to live up to it, because a man never I knows when a rainy day may come, and in all sorts of commercial enterprises a man's I liable to have sudden calls and sudden drains on his resources. But I couldn't live like a miser. I hate a niggardly fellow." He arose, and, thrusting his hands in his pockets, nodded at her with a good-humored im periousncss which, in tbe girl's eyes, became him infinitely well. "I mean my wife to live in a first-rate house," he said, "and to go well dresBed, and have everything handsome abont her. Why, there's scarcely anybody knows what fortunes there are to be made by judicious speculation in this part of the country. I've got two or three things in my mind that I can't speak about yet, for fear of putting other fellows on the track. But I'm not going to have too many irons in the fire. You know the old saying, Sarah One thing at a lime, and that done well, Is a very good thing, as many can tell." If her thoughts had given themselves words she would have said with Titania, " Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful." "I bate a bragging fellow," pursued the ingenuous Aaron, "but I've got my head pretty well screwed on, though 1 say it that shouldn't, and I'll startle some of these clever people about here before many more years are gone over their heads. They don't know what they're treading on, Sarah. Thny can't see the wealth that's under their very noses." If bis boastful vaticinations had had a solid foundation in fact he could scarcely have been happier in making them. And of course Sarah was certain that everything he prophe sied was going to come true, and she took him at even more than his own estimate. A woman who iB in love lives in a house with tinted windows, and looking on the landscape of her lover's life sees it all rose-colour. Aaron Had a longisn walk Detore mm tnu wintry night, and left a little after 10 o'clock. Armstrong took his way also, and father and daughter were left together. Sarah, seeing that Job was in a thoughtful mood, moved about lightly, straightening the room and putting away the chessmen and the board ; but when all was done, and she had lit her bed - room candle, she still lingered before bidding him good-night. Job looked np at her suddenly and caught a timid look of half decision on her face. "Well, lase," be said, rising and putting an arm about her waist, " What is it ?" " You think well of—of Aaron, now, don't you, father?" "I've better hopes, dear," he answered, " better hopes. I hope he'll turn out a good man for your Sake, Good-night, sweetheart. Rnn away to bed." She answered his good-night kiss, and left him sitting by the pre nursing one knee in his great hands, and already staring absently at the embers. She had not left him long when the ghosts he had held away till then came trooping thick about bim. "Would you care to come in?" he mur mured half aloud to one of them. " Better to hold you at arm's length if I can." After this mnrmur he sat in silence for half an hour or more. "You shall have your way," he said then, and rising he walked upstairs in the dark and into hu own room. The rain and the wind beat dismally at the window, and except for a flickering distant light or two the night was as dark as pitch. He stood to look out at it for a moment only, and then turning away walked with groping hands before him to a chest of drawers which stood in one corner oi the room. Having reached the chest he drew a bunch of keys from his pocket and felt for the key he wantsd. "You shall have your way," he murmured gravely a second time, and having found the key he opened a drawer and took from it a cash-box, with which he returned to the sitting-room. There he drew his chair to the table, and opening the box reversed it, and Bhook it so that a doable handful of papers strewed themselves about the tablecloth. He went through these carefully, selected from amongst them a little sheaf of documents, picked up one by one, and returned the others to the cash-box, which he locked. Next he arose again, and stirring the fire, which by this time was fading and thickly strewn with grey ashes, he dropped one of the papers and watched it as it flamed, curled,shriveUed, blackened with bright sparks in it, and then turned grey. Then he dropped another and watched its progress to afeathery nothing. Then another and another. When he had dropped them all he spoke. "The fortune's gone, and God grant the curse goes with it. There was blood on it. Scoundrels? Yes. But their blood was on tall the same. Go back? Go back to your heavenly hymns again, and forget me. You have had your way." 