PUDLIS?ED DAILT VWEDNESDAY, JULY 14,'1886. IN Tasmania the inauguration of cadet corps in connection with the defence forces was loft to private enterpeire, and, probably b:cause the movement did not originate at the capital, th.lo Launceston Cadet Corps has received but scaCt recdg nition from the Goverenm?nt. Had it not been for the support accorded by the public the present corps. would not even be furnished with uniform, and the weapons supplied by the Defence Depar. ment-naval Soiders, which are heavier then the 'Martini-Henry rifle-are evidence of the lukewarm interest taken in its progress. Yet there exists at the present time a compact and well.disoip lined company which during the past year supplied between 20 and 30 recruits to the Rifle Regiment, an I now numbers 930 members on its roll. With a little encouragement a secoid company could be formed, as two companies of 50 or 00 cadets are rmich handier, and more manageable than one of 90. The Defence D rpartmnont, however, do not even recog: nisb the 93. The official streoglsh of the Launceston corps has been fixed at 75, and all over that number receiveo no capi tation grant, and the expense of their uniform; etc., mrust be borne by private subscription. The value of this Cadet Corps in training future members of our Defenceo Forc is appalently not reiog nised by our military nothorities. In both Vi.toris and Now South Wales a different view is taken of the cadet system, which was inaugurated in the former colony by Colonel Pargood, the then Mlrinister of Defence, only in the early part of last year. At first the movement made but slow progress, and the first ca-let corps was established, not at the capital, but at Sandhurst. .For a short time the oadots were managed by the military staff, after which the system was placed under Major Suee, who was appointed commanding officer of cadets. He entered eontusiastically into his work, and the system rapidly exteonded, the formation of corps in various parts of tihe colony being so rapid that he had a wreat deal of for.ed travelling to do in order to inspect them prior to their formation. The system is purely avolunteer one, the bsys being under no discipline act, though, of course, they are under a strict supervision. Boys of all classcs have readily joined the ranks, Master Loch; son of hin Excellency Sir Henry Loch, boing'ameobher of the Church of England Grammar School corps. An idea of the popularity of the system may be gained from the fact that at the present tinme there are no fewer than seventy six corps throughout the colony, representing nine battalions, which embrace 2500 boys, and other corps are still in course of formn tion. The Government have lent liberal encouragement, and recognising that mere drill is worthless witlhout practical train ing in the use of the rifle, have ordered a special class of light weapon for thes cadets. Their course of instruction in cludes musketry, infantry drill, and field movements, in each of which branches every encouragement has been given, and a very healthy spirit of emulation has been aroused between the various corps, which helpsl to keep them up to a good standard of excellene.. O thie 26th ultimo the second ofli:ial inspection of the ctdot corps was hold in Albert Park, when close upon a thousand cadets were present, Itheic parade beaing watchled by seons live tlhounsud spectators. The e appearance of the various corps was creditable, and the elthusiasms with which the lads entered into'thpir work gave gratifying promise for the future. A contemoporary, commenting upon the review, says-"To the boys theomalves this training will be of inestimable value. As his Eocellrcy; s poinlted' out in the sympatehetic address delivered by him, .theyare learning the two important lessons of obodience nol disciplioe. Feo:n an educational point of view alone, the cadol system amply repays the expenditure upon it by tlohe a irablo inlluence it brings to loer in forming the character of those who pass throogh it. But beyond t!ius tIllen is overy reason for the hope thSat. the system will justify its establish. ment from a military standpeint, and will ilereaftr prove a great source of strength in msaintaining our small army in the highest state of tfli:iency. W\e mnoy reassnably anticipate that most of thoso who have underdone the cadet training will, as tli y emerge into miauhood, pass into the ranks of thle Imilitis, whicih thus will receive a constant influx of trainud and intelligent recruits. Every sen cesragenment should bJ afforded to our boys to make themselres thoroughly competent." Every reason above urged in favour of the Victorian cadet corps will apply with equal force to Tassmania, but how dilferent is the action of our Defenca Department. 1, cannot be denlid that this colony has very little to show for the large sumsn annually spent for defonce purposes, and the defect lies in the adminiistration of the departsment. Unsder the pretent sye. teons, swhich irritates and discourages bothl ollioers and mail by' formal routino and useless rod toapisim, by needleas delays and a lamentablo absence' of busoeisrs capacity and even conmmon sense at head quarters, lno improvement can be holod for, and an incroeased expenditure wnoul only incan increaso'l muddlo. Wlhat is re quircd is a reform that shall enEurOe nmo bmore marked degr?e of ellinioncy and more practical results for the money expended. At the presunt tinm oven if our On lot Corps had proper rifles they have no range to practico at, and though our readers were informed some montlis ago that a mtcst suitable site for a no.v rifle range hod beein secured by the Government we may state the ipurchase has never been comnpleted, the necessary conveyances not ,lheving been yet prepared by the Solicitor-General's office. Wo sincerely tiust that amongst the new members who will represoent Launceston in the coming Parliament some will be found to enquire carefully into lie position and require. Smneats of our Defnene Force and bring the real facts of tie ciao before" Parliasniunt in a matmlor that no representativeo ias ever yet undertaken. VoLONTEE? ME3s.-There were about GO mohmbdrsof the Launceston Rifle tRegi. ment on parade last evening, including the band of the Rifle Regiment, when the dfliebra present were Captain Martin, Lieu tenants Gould, Fairthlrne, Young,Tulloch, and Fawns. The men were foimed up in the dirill-rooti, and headed by the band of the Rifle Regiment marched np St. John-street along Brisbane-street and out the Welling. ton-road, thence along the Carrick-road some distance, returning to the drill-room, where they were dismissed at 10'30 p.m. About 50 Cadets accompanied the Regi It nent. CoNCenT AT INVALID DEPOT.-Last even ing another enjoyable concert was provided for the inmates of the Launceston Invalid it Depot, who seem to have fallen in for a is considerable amount of amusement this season. A largo number of visitors were present at the invitation of Mr. Alfred it Jones, superintendent of the institution, Sand the proceedings passed off without a hitch of any kind. The programme, which ° was a really enjoyable one, consisted of ,a songs, solos, duets, recitations, etc., the following persons taking part:-Misses Curtis, Wilson, Chapman, and Larter; Messrs. W. Shelly, Ross, R. Poole, and J. 'a M'Carthy. The rendition of the National n Anthem brought the. proceedings to a close. -. ' Cio Rnan or' CO3MnECE.-The monthly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was It held yesterday afternoon in the Mechanics' Institute,. when there were present s Hon. Wm.l Hart, M.L.C.. (chairman), ' IMessrs. Mf E. Robinson, A. Webster, R. H. se Price, WVm. Stewasrt, and Wm. -Stokes. d The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. Mr.- M. i. .Robinson moved 0 -" That tihe Executive Committee be be reo e quested to meet the tradesmen of he town ;e to fix upon certain days to be. observed as general holidays." In doing so lie remarked upon the inconvenience caused by there in being no decided holidays in Launceston. 9 Ia Victoria aprinted list was published giving the days on which. particular ware houses would be closed. , Mr. Stokes r seconded the motion, which, after being . supported by Mr. \YWebster and the Chair Sman, e was carried unanimonsly. Mr. Ilobiuson proposed-" That the' Chairman r be requested to again communicate witll \- the Government with the view to obtain the use of the Ministorial-roomi, Public Buildings, for the purpose of holding the m eetings of the Chamber." This Was it scconded by MIr. Webster, and also carried S iuanimously. MIr. Webster gave notice that he would move at the neat meeting for Stihe appointment of a committee to consider .e the act regulating bills of sales with aview e tb its amendment. The Chamber then d LoYr "Wnr.rani LoDoE, No. 3, I.O.O.. S--A summons meeting of this lodge was a lield at thi Lodg.-room, Melhanica' Institute, Waratalh, on 8th inst., fortlie inastallation of olicers, whel the following s ure installed by Diatrict.Deputy Grand, . J':C. King; Noble Grand, A. A. Littler ]ecording Secretary, A. Willicomba. In Sconsequence of thle unavoidable absence of the Vice Grand, hIis installation was post aponed till next lodge meeting. The Streasurer, A. LuCas, being re-elected, no ceremony wras necessary. The balance t sheet as read by permanent secretary, F. o Sitddington, shllowed the funds of the Iddge to be in a very lourlihing condition. :TeiE eAD AND WOIRTnLEsB are never imitalted or counterfeited. This is espe , cially'true of a family medicine, and it is t positive proof that the remedy imilated is of the highest value. As soon as it had been tested' and proved by the whole world that , Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and most valuable family medicine on carth,' many imitations sprung up and began to steal d the notices in which the Press and.the Speople'of the couhstry had expressed the s merits of H. B., and in every way trying to indtuce suffering invalids to use their stuff Sinstead, expecting to make money on the a credit and good name of H. U. Many e othera started nostrums put up in similar d style to H. B., with variously devised names in which the word "Iop" or "- Iops" were used in a way to induce 1 people to believe they were the same nas SIHop Bittera. All such pretended remedies or cures, no matter what their style or name is, and especially those with the a word "IIop" or"lsops"in their name or in e any way connected with them ortheir name, are imitations or counterfeits. Iloware of them. 'J'ouch none of them. s Use nothing but genuine American Hop SBitters, with a cluster of green hops on the white label, and Dr. Soule's name blown in the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggista Sand chenmists are warned againast dealing in , mitations or counterfeits. ('IIARnE OF DEFRAUDING nrun RAILWAY. -At the Launceston Police Court, yester- n day morning, before Mr. G. A. Kemp, t Acting Police IMagistrate, and Mr. H. o Weedon, J.P., two cases connected with s the Government Railway Department Were 2 heard. In the first case, the defendant, e iTenry Devlin, wan charged with having, o on Juoe 25, wilfully paid for travelling in a railway carrilge from Launceston to St. Leonards and neglecting to leave the train at that station. In the second place he was charged with having paid his fare from Luincestem to St. Leonards anud wil- f fully proceeded on to Formby without first having paid the additional fare. Mr. G. T. Collins appeared for thel prosecution, and iMr. R. Byron Miller for the defence. . From the evidence of 1 Leonard J. Dowling,. Daniel Hart nett, S:muel J. PadIlin, and Ephraim Ford. itappeared that on the daylnamed in the information detfedant was a passen geor by the 8 a.mu. train on the Western line, andl he purchased it second class ticketo to St. Leonards, proceeding to Formby without paying anything addi tional. On alighting from the train at Formby, defendint hunded his ticket to tlhe guard, face downwards, when the fraud was discovered. Tihe ticket col lector told him to see the stationmnster and settle the matter, but defendant I only walked up to the o!lle, and threw the ticket in the window, alleging that he havl p id'ills 41 at the Launceston station, and then he walked off. For the defence rMr. Mliller contended that a mistake had Sbeen made by the booking clerk, nnd the defendant had put down 11s 4l for a ' Formby ticket, and the clerk in the hurry hI ad made a mistake, and given him a ticket for St. Leonards, instead of for ]Formby. The Bench said there was no reason whatever to doubt tihe evidence for the prosection, it being so very distinct. r Had defendant paid 11s 4d at tihe Launccs ton station, the mistake would haIve been found out when the booking clerk was making np his cash, but suchll was not the f case. They considered defendant guilty, and fined'him 10s and costs. hMr. Collins applied for professional costs, which were Siallowed, while an application for witnesses' expenses was refused. The second elhrgo Swas withdrawn, on the understanding that Mr. Collins was paid .$1 is in that case for professional attendance. I VINCr.an Nova's.- Our Winkleigh i correspondent writes on 12tll inostt : Our respected friend the Rev. E.. C. Tennont, from Hagley, has been paying ius a general visit during the week, and between preaching, visiting, doctoring (for sickness, alas 'tis prevalent here), 0 and a lot more things, has had every I moment occupied. After the service on Sunday afternoon, upon tho motion of Mr. A. Campbell, beconded by Mr. J. Stewart, a resolution was unanimously carried to the effect that theo Presbytery of Lanun ceoasn be asked to moderato in a call for West Tamar charge. The usual routine was gone through, and upon the motion of I Mr. M. M'KJonzie, seconded by Mr. A. Cauieron, the Rev. E. C. Tonnent ias ap.: pointed commissioner to convey the resolu-' tion to the Presbytery. Tari? MEIsc. - By the up express yesterday Mr. A. T. Pillinger proceeded south. The down ordinary from sHobart did not reach tlhe Launceston terminus iuntil 9130 p.m. yesterday, the detoution: lbeing caused by the train having waited an hour at the Corners for the sufferers by the Fingal railway accident to be brought down for convoyance to the Launceston Hospital. The sufferers, however, will not leave Avoca till to-day. SoCooe. oF ART ExsuratnrlI. - i. Maurice's farewell exhibition of his own and his pupils' works, executed during the past half-year, was continued yesterday at the room next to the Bank of Australasia, Brisbase-street. M. M-aurice contributes six exhibitsi and his pupils 21. Soise of the pictures display much talent, and are r deserving of more than passing notice, those of 3. `Maurice specially being observable for warmth of colouring and t picturesque effects. We can recommend \- all true lovers of the fine arts to visit the exhibition, which will (be open for only a a few days, as M. Maurica leaves for Hobart on Monday. CoONCERT AT' Low HEAD. - A. cores a pondent writes':-On 9th inst. the Low e Head Mohawks gave another of their t pleasant entertainments in the boatshed (kindly lent by Captain Croucher) to a 1 very good audience of local residents, and n, a few visitors from George Tl1wn, though r. the cold and foggy state of the evening i- had the effect of keeping many persons at hoine. The room had been tastefully 1- decorated by the boat's crew, who had hung d sails all. round, surmounted with flags, d which added to the warmth as well as the a appearance of the room. The stage was S1also nicely decorated in a similar manner. The proceeds of the concert were in aid of A providing double baize doors inside. the 0, chrch;, and the programme commenced a with the usual " ebony" businer.s ;Mr. E. I G. Brooke officiating as interlocutor, Messrs. If H. F. Clarke and A. MI. Croucher as bones eo and tambo respectively. The soloists. s0 were-Messrs. A. M. Croucher, J. Fox, J. .Bradley, E. G. Brooke, M. Morton(encored), T. P. Mullay, , IV. Stevens (encored), 11 :H. F. Clark (encored), jokes, dia a logues, and riddles wound up. the. first part, After a short interval 'Mr. A. y lM. Croucher gave a stlump oration on as " Ghosts," the, local hits being well, re s' ceived. Song by Messrs. E. G. Brooke and.H. F. Clarke followed,' and the enter ) tainment closed with a farce entitled . " Blityensteiner," in which Messra. E. G. s. Brooke and H. F. Clarke performed, d causing great fun, applause, and laughter d predominating in the latter part. Misses a- Long and Huxtable officiated at the piano, 'u which was kindly lent by Mr. Huxtable, ms sentr. Dancing was subsequently indulged d in for a few hours and formed a pleasant re wind-up to a very enjoyable evening. 1\. MAsoec.-The South Esk Lodge, 800 SE.C.. meets at Evandale this eviening for 0- installation, when'the Deputy D.G. Master as and his officers will preside. For the con ig venience of Launceston brethren who.dc r- sire to be present, it has been arranged for r. anomnibus to leave the Post-office at 5'30 . p.m., returning the same evening, and .1 those interested are requested toaccept n thisintimation. The St. George's Lodge, ic 353 I.C., meets at the Masonic Hall, to Beaconsfliold, this evening, for installation is of officers, the R.W. Provincial Grand d Master, I.C., acting as installing oflicer, and :0 visiting brethren are fraternally invited. r UNDEIRn Escor.-By yesterday's down or escort Sub-Inspector Cakes conveyed a w .man named John Donald from Ostlaulds n to Campbell Towon for trial, he having booeen arrested at the former township on Friday . last by Sub-Inspector Tweedy, for having so obtained goods from John Coombs, of s Camupbell Town, by means of false pre Ic tences. Byto-day'sescort Robert Porter, g who was arrested by Sub.Inspector Scott 1, on Thursday last, charged with breaking ; awayfrom Sergeant Wallace at O'Brien's n Bridge some weeks back, will bh forwarded f to Gilenorcby for trial. t- R.*IwAy REFRESnII?ENT BOOTIoi-Tho le tender of Mr. W. HI. Abbott, of the Corn no wall Brewery, for the lease of thIe refresh \- moontbooth at the Launceston'Government P. Railway station, lately held by Mr. James SLey, of the Park LIHotel, has been accepted. o. IWe understand the price at which. Mr. r Abbott tendered is highly satisfactory, and h- ie will enter into possession of the new is premises on Monday next. f CcTrTiCA.-.RSandhurst, Australia in March 1, 1878.-I have been investigating it Messrs. Sander and Sons' Eucalypti Ex s tractsince its discovery, and I have to y admit that thlere is besides it no medlica? 8l montI know of of such universal effect on is the hluman system. I observed in the first ie instance that it checks completely all to inflammation of whatever kind--inlamma ff tion of tihe chest, lungs, all throat affeo to tions, suchll as bronchitis and diphtheria. y It alleviates and cures all pains of rheu or muatic nature, neuralgia, etc. I have used Ad it with unparalleled success in swellings, or bruises, sprains, wounds of all kinds and le of most serios nature, as well as in all is disorders of thile bowels, diuarrhtealo, etc. I a5 aul fully convinced that the invention of or tharmedicameutwillmeec with timhe greatest 10 estimation, and I gladly acknowledge its in merits for the benefit of thei? publie.-Jonu ir CaoIcKsnAom, M.D., L.R.C.S.E., Health s. Officer. IMarch 2, 1878. I certify to the a. seal of thile Council of tie City of Sand hp Iurst, Australia, being affixed tothis docu 10 ment.-D. MAcDouOaL,,., Town Clerk. n Wholesale depot for Tasmania, L. Am-o m ToOiNE aND SON. Ittail by chemists and . storekeepers. at'is d and 2s Od per bottle. . (4 Cixrasr Ciusenc RBAND O Bore.--Last night the sixth anniversary tea-meeting of the Christ Church Congregational Sunday school Band of Hope took place.in the school-room, Frederick-street, when some 250 persons sat down to an excellent tea catered by the ladies belonging to the organisation. The good things provided having been done full justice to an ad journmlent was made into Milton Hall, where a concert and public mooeting was held, Mr. James Steer presiding. A mis- 11 collaneous programme, consisting of piano- t forte solos, ducts, recitations, and vocal selections was submitted and gone through in capital style, the following taking r part:--Misses Pepper, Nellie IBatty, F. f Stearnes, M'Phail, M'Loughlan, Carey, Wilkins, Steer, Woymduth, Freakly, a White, and 1). Brickhall; and Messrs. Edmonds, A. J. Scott, Mace, and Fred White. Addresses were also given by Messrs. E. L. Ditchamu and Edmonds. At the close of the entertainment the' chair- r eian, in proposing a vote of thanks to the ladies for providing the tea, and to Messrs. Walch Brothers and Birchall for lending the piano for the occasion, spoke in eulo- I gistic terms of Miss Clarko's services as secretary, and said a vote of thanks was also due to that lady. The votes of thanks ihaving boen carried by acclamation, the 1 meeting was brought to a close by the ( iBlmedietion being pronounced by the chairuseu. 1lecENT ACCIDENT NEAR TIIE CORNERS. Relative to tile accident to Harry Long, an account of which appeared in yesterday's icsue, Mr. W. IM. Moyes, stationmaster at the Corners, wrote yesterday :-" Allow me to correct a misstatement which appeared in to-day's issue re accident to the lad Harry Long. When the accident occurred one of the contractors' men was sent back in charge of the sufferer. to. the Corners, who did all he could for him until the down ordinary train arrived, and accompanied I him to Launceston. Consequently the young fellow was not put into the train to find his way as best he could to the Hospital, as stated." Our informant, who was a passeuger by the train, reiterates that Long had no one accompanying him, and that lie (the passenger) acquainted the police of Long's condition on the arrival of the train at the station. . TlsteTRIcAL. - fBy the mail which arrived yesterday from Melbourne Mr. T. Sullivan, the lessee of the Academy of I Music, received ia doctor's certificate stating that Miss Helen Fergus had been dangerously ill in that city, and had been unable to keep her Tasmanian engagement. Matters have, therefore, been rearranged for the Helen Fergus Dranmatic Company to open in the Academy of Music for a short season, commencing on Monday, when "Nemesis" will be staged. The troupe arrive from Melbourne on Thursday: Arrangements have been made for Mr. Grattan Riggs, the well-known Irish comedian, to follow the above-aisntioned troupe. Cuckoo CONCERT.-This evening the Cuckoos, who have become so popular with Launceston audiences, give a concert in the Academy of Music on behalf of the club funds. The programme, which is a lengthy one, includes Christy minstrel songs in the first part, followed by a violin solo by Mr. Walter Scott, which will in. itself be a treat, and solos by Messrs. Cato. Gilmore, and Maurice. The concert will conclude with a laughable farce, entitled "Wagner Out-wagged." FooTnarL.-WOV understand that a foot ball match is shortly to take place between a well-known banking.establishmeont and a leading legal firm in Launceston. The match is being looked forward to with in terest amongst those concerned, and it will take'place in about a month's time on the Launceston Cricket Ground. INTERCOLONIAL ITEM?.-At the quarterly Scomnmunicationof the DistrictGrand Lodgce of Victoria,E.C ,on June 21,a resolution wsas carried unanimously, inviting H.R.IH. the Prince of Wales, Grand Master of England, I to visit Australia.-The Pastmaster 1 General is prepared to at once introduce a system of private posting boxes in Sydney' He has fixed the maximum charge for boxes on private premises at £5 per annum, to include four collections a day. The English regulations, excepting the charges, which are considered too high for this r colony, will be adopted. - In conse 1 quence of the bad season, Lady a Macarthur has remitted the whole 1 of the rents of the tenants on 1 her Richlands estate, near Taralga, N. S. Wales, for the year, amounting to .£1500. t -The Ballaras Star states June 16th was r the anniversary of the birthday of three of 4 the daughters of Mr. Long. J.P., of fBallarat East, each young lady having been born on the same date in different a years.-The SandlhuratBoard of Advice has granted Mr. Howard Haywood permission to exhibit his views of Australia, New SZealand, and Tasmania in the State schools d under their charge.-Mr. Boyle, who had *.been sent to Apsley to relieve Mr. Kay, as I- manager of the Colonial Bank there, has .s been committed to the Ararat lunatic a asylum. SALVATrON Axzro CONREoLes.-The Sal vation Army Congress opened in London on 20th May, and was to remain in session a week. Two thousand officers and many thousand soldiers of the army from " all parts of the world were present. General n Booth, commander of the army, in his opening jaddress gave statistics showing ° the work performed by the organisation d during the past year. He said that in Great Britain alone 350,000 dollars' had been distributed by the army's treasury, 1000 girls had been rescued from a life on the streets, and 10 homes for the poor and s friendless had been established and put in " working order. Delegate Smith from the' United States made an address on the it army's work in America. 0 GA AcoouNTs.-Consumers of gas are, ur reminded that in order to secure the dis r count accounts for the past quarter must be paid to-day. A sPECIL. general meeting of share r holders in the Cornwall Fire and Marine 0 Insurance Company will be hold at the d Company's office, St. John-street, to-day, it at 11 a.m. S MiscanLENrs ns.-The most ivonderful Sand marvelous success in cases where per Ssons are sick or pining away from a condi d tion of miserableness that no one knows what ails them (profitable patients for doctors), is obtained by the use of Hop 1 Bitters.. They begin to cure from the first 0 dose, and keep it up until perfect health Sand struength is restored. Refuse unless n American Co's make. Notice S CoNsUMriTroN, W?AsTto DISEASES, AND f GENERAL DEDIvITY.-- DOtors disagree as Sto the relative value of Cod Liver Oil and Hypophosphites; the oze supplying t strength and flesh, the others giving nerve power, and acting as a tonic to the diges t lion and entire system. But in Scott's d Emulsion of Pure Cod Liver Oil with Hypophosphites the two are combined, and I the effect is wonderful. Tllousands who have derived no permanent benefit from o. other preparations have been cured by . this. Scott's Emulsion is perfectly palat able, and is easily digested, even by those swho cannot tolerate plain Cod Liver Oil. Any chemist can supply it at 5s. Whole d sale by L. FPArnTsonNE AND SON, St. John Sstreet, Launceston.-(Advt.) "ROrE was not bultl in a day," and it a took years of patient study to bring to por g fection that excellent cure known as Dally's c- Liver and Blood Mixture, which is un :o equalled in all diseases arising from the s. liver. All the chemists sellit.--(Advt.) n HIorr.ssowA's PILLsta.-Easy digestion. It These admirable Pills cannot be too highly II appreciated for the wholesome power they a- exert over all disorders of the stomach, a- liver, bowels, and kidneys. They instan a. taneously relieve and steadily work out a 1- thorough cure, and in its ccurse dispel d headache, biliousness, flatulence, and de s, pression of spirits. It is wonderful to d cwatch the daily improvement of the eom- I11 xloion, as Holloway's Pills purify the I blood and restore plumpness to tile face if which had lost both flesh and colour. These at Pills combine every excellence desirable in Sa domestic remedy, Thie most certain and a beneficial results flow from the occasional Suse of this regulating medicine; oven pet o sons in health, or whlen following sedentary I- occupation, will find it an invaluable \- aperient.-(Advt.) cl, Wacc UI BnOTiERS AND BIRCIAILL Will -exhibit for sale for one week. a choice d collection of etchings, line engravings, r proofs, photogravures, battle pieces, etc., 4 et.--(Advt.) 