' Mr Tristan, has recoived a oomtnunica tiou from tbe' Secretary for hwda inti mating that application for reservation of Kaawool Falls atid. adjoining WBtecshed 'for reticulation oft Seymour would he in quired intfj at oace.. Women's Rights are appreciated and' ? carried out iu a prcatical manner at Bal larat. Last ff«ek a married woman nailed Elizabeth Ellis Wient un a spisee in thje Chinese qiiarteija. Her; husband adapted the role of an ass and went after her ; but received three pluntres of a knife from his better half as & reward. The ' Leader' for last week in ad dition to an unusually large amount of reading matter, contains an excellent tpap of the oolony, showing the variouB districts*, and proposed works -in connec tion with the irrigation scheme. The Government announce their in-' tention of removing ' reservation from block 121, parish of Wiudh&m;, hitherto proclaimed as & camping ground. Xf the Coalition Ministiy. remain in office for another twelve months the water and caqipiag reserves,oi tne coipny win cubic j to be classed- amongst the iustitutaona of : the good old times. Here were tVM residents opposed to water scheme at public meeting, held in the Assembly H^U a few evenings- ago ; but their aiguments were. scarcely- calcu lated to win many adherents' for their cause. Mr Lyster objected because whether a tenant- paid his reut or not the landlord should, pay the rates. But a* Mr Lysl^r must. surely see that is no- argument whatever against proposed reticulation, scheme. Xf, Mr Lysber or any body else choses to. rent premises to dishonest or pauper tenants, the matter is one for their -own penaoai consideration ; and has nothing whatever to do witn general puoiib jhiv unaa jrick's opposition was of the gsnuioe, old-fashioned. Conservative order. ' Call a meeting o& the bona fide property holderB.' said'he, '«nd let them decide it.' Mr Chadwickevidently forgets. that a modern institution known as universal BU&age; is in force in Victoria ;- other wise he would never have proposed, that the ghost of Moloch be trattedxound for temporaiy adoration. Neither Mr Gillies nor Mr Deakin happen to be big property holders, so that according to Mr Chad wick's mode of- reasoning they should he at once cashiered and replaced by a couple of wool sacks from the back blocks of New Soutb.Wales. Following notices are from last issue Oft me uazeite, — liiveiuMS appraveu. — J. Whitematij 6a, Broadford. Licenses revoked. — F. W. Stephens, glaring block, 1030a R. A. Robertson, 3a, Derril; F. Raymond, 320a, Flowerdale ; J. H; Caton, 234a, do ; C. B. T. Caton, 320a, do ; J. A. Caton, 320a, do^ .G. H. Chomley, grazing block 2,232 ? J . H. Chrystal, grazing block, 2230; T. L. Sidebottom, 180a, Avenel. NewJicenses. £. Jonson, 20a, Mangalore ; T.' Fay, 20a, Longwood ; F: Leete, 20a, Mangalore ; J. Liddetl, 20a, Gionbinane^ J. Looney, 20a, Tea ; J. Sanderson, 20a, Mangalore. 'Grant approved.. — J, K Shattock, 2a, Puckapunyal. Lease appro vied. — W. Mahei., and J. Quinlan. 54a, Chintiq, Following grazing, areas are available ; but the Liberal Cum-Conseivative Minis try isk^pir g the matter buriedi ti the dead pages.of the ' Gazette' in order to stifle settlement — Part block 51, containing 262a, Kohyboyn ; block 50b, pontaining binJaj iau-oromoooi Hj. : 22^12, containing 310a, parish of WindhamV; block $6; con taining G4a. Tooberac. In last issuse of tba ' Gcverment .Gazette' it is announced that the Avenel Water Trust is constituted as the ' Shire of^Jeymour Water Works Trust.' It is scarcely necessary to.point out that tba title is a deliberate misnomer. The works were carried out- by the council for. the people of Avenel ; but the re mainder of the shire has nothing what ever to day. to the project _ Following .animals ate impounded; at Moofoopna-r— Bay horse, . star, CM near shoulder ;:bay fi'ly, hind feet whiter JP conjoined near shoulder ; dark bay, yearling coltj white hind feet, no brand ; 1 chestnut horse number of brands . on near shoulder ; grey .hocse like'HM .con joined- near shoulder ; - black mare . BB near shoulder, black mare, DC twice near shoulder. At a meeting of the stewards of the Fea Kace Club held on the 26th uit,, the d isqtuJ ideation for twelve months, of G. Brown, was removed. Brown rode Delhi in the Shkra- Plate aad won, a protest was entered against him for striking Gxile (the second horse) over the head with hiB whip. This Brown did not deny* but stated it -wasipureiy an accident. It is a pity .that stewards wpuld not: more care fully (consider pretests of a trivial nature. Here is & young man, a . crack light weight jockey, deprived of his mode of living iduring the past six, months feran offence that, had it occurred on the Remington course, would ' have passed unnoticed. Country race clubs, cannot erpecrt -to flourish if they conduct their meetings. in this. manner. An accident of a . serious nature oc curred at the railway -station, on Tuesday night.- The Gonlburn Valley train was in the act of. coming; into theyard-bt usual speed wflep, mom some unaccount able cause, the engine rode the points on , the No. 2 road and dashed into some trucks standing oh the No. 3 road.' The tqick in question we're sent at a furious rate down the y^rd and came into oolli sion , witJi another track- loaded' with pianos. The engine was not properly on the rails. and ran along oh the sleepers for a distance of about 20# yards, plough ing a'hole in.the ground some twe feet - deep. Two of the truoks were loaded ' with cattle, booked for Melbourne, but ' wen . not injured; nor were there any complaints., of passengers, having been hwti . A gang of men - were at once put on to clear the debris and get tke trucks and engine on the caito again, which occupied all Wednesday. Two of the trucks were veiy badly .damaged. In another, coluom the trustees invite - tenders for enlacgament ? of' Wesleyan Church, Seymour. Tenders will be re- - ceived up to, Slat September.. A few monthft ago . the Melbourne papers went into, raptures over ' The 3nise of the Bacchante,' a little volume supposed to have been written by the two eldest sons of the Pri&ce; of Walesa but in reality contributed by -their pedantic tutor, the Rev. Mr Dal ton. It now turns out tiiat -the few sentences in theboolJ worth reading were appropriated whole sale from the works of Chnrles JJingsley , a fact which shows that Bome of the Mel bourne journalists ought to lie carrying hods or following some other simitarly. healthy out-door occupation. By notice .in another coiunji it will be seen that MaS. H. Henshall has removed, to premises next to Mr Dotters, where he frill-cart^ on) business daring building of new establishment* : We regret to have again to refer to very igtpve irregularities in delivery of our papers in Tallarook district. If this sort of: thing continues we shall deem it a duty -to have the ipatter brought under the notice of the- postmaster Genera}.ii|. a very public manner. An unusually- severe shock of earth quake was felt at Mangaloreon Tuesday last. Mr George Gilhert.who-waa sitting on.a fence neac his. own premises was thrown violently to the ground, and about half a chain- of the fence was knocked down. Lower down some tree& were torn up. and a trembling sensation was ex perienced throughout the neighborhood. The shock was accompanied by a low rumbling aoiae like distant thunder. Messrs W. H.. Tristan and 6o. request as to. state th-)t taeir- usual montiilyr stock Bale which was to take place in Guild's yards Seymour on Monday next, has been postponed'until that day week. Bruce Auction in aid' of race club has been postponed to same date. 1 A football match between Tallarook and Kilmove ClMbs will tafee place to-morrow on ground of the latter. Tallarook members are requested to meet at railway station at :11.39-sharp. Intbp^ath of Mr-M. Mptry. the- geuial host of the Boyal Oak Hotel, Kilmore lias .lost one of i*s most esteemed and respected residents. Although, probably the oldest hotelkeepsr in Victoria, and a.' useful aod broadminded colonist Mr Murray was at heart,, a.tborough Irishpian, whose thoughts and' sympathies were far away with the green fields of tumsf&il.; 'Light lie the earth upon his ashes.' There is joy in Oilead. ? Hitherto Ted haired people bare served as butts for the coaise ?jeBts of the thoughtless.' Now it turns out that they are the very annointed of Providence. Medical research has. just discovered the interesting fact that there is icarpely any danger of red-haired people getting-stricken with Bmall-pox. Mr- P. Ryan, jnn., Tallarook, had' a veiy miraculous escape f rom a terrible . death -at - the Tallarook gravel pits on Friday last. It appears they, were ^kicking' trveks into the siding, and tbe young man named w&s; standing on the last truck which was uncoupled. The guard called out for him toiookout, which ,he understood to be to, uncouple two trucks, and accordingly he attempted to jump into the second truck, and as he did so the truck he was standing i on, owing t-- being uncoupled, shot away 1 from,tV' other and he fell between the rails and about five truck went over him, but lift* had the presence of mind not to move. The engine driver, was at once warned, apd immediately shut off steam and- dropped brakes and was successful in bringing the engine to a standstill when, about three yard? oft him. Had the engine gone over him he had no chance of escape as he would have been torn to pieces by the ash bos. The young man only sustained a slight injury to hta hip. 