Chapter XVIL A BESO ERECTION. It was more than a fortnight after that strange and terrifying dream came to Mrs. Monument, and when she had completely shaken off the horror of it and nearly for gotten it, when it came again, like some foal spirit who refuses to be laid—the sound of a remembered footfall There is no single man in the whole world who is not unlike every other man in every particular. They may secure the-identification of a man for life by taking an impression on wax of his forefinger or thumb, because the curves and corrugations of the skin are different with every man. Each of us is individual, and stands alone in the universe, in isolation—a thing curious to consider. Most marked of all is a man's footstep, which, once recog nised, can never be mistaken or forgotten. So that when it came again Mrs. Monument was stricken with terror unspeakable. It came in the daytime, when such things are not expected. If the Bpirits of the dead walk it is at night and in the dark, though even then it is not usual, nor is it recorded of any that they walk in boots, and reproduce the old familiar footstep. I have never heard it of any ghost, nor nave I ever seen any who walked in boots. There have been instances, but they are few, of daylight apparitions, but tradition aud custom have established a pre judice against the mixture of sunshine with the spirit world. This is the reason why the supernatural terror—a thing quite apart from any other feeling—is so much more terrible by day than by night. A nightmare we know ; not a pleasant creature, but familiar and an old acquaintance in whatever form it cornea. But a daymare—that, if you please, is a thing so rare and of such rare experience that it belongs to the category 01 nameless things which follow the long list of devils, imps, ghosts, elves, fiends, Afreets, Jinns, and spectres, which possess and enjoy their titles and ranks. It was in the evening, bnt before sunset The old lady bad taken her tea and sent Rhoda home. She expected her daughter Tolly, and she sat in her great chair beside the fireplace, knitting in hand, waiting with the patience of the blind. The evening was warm, and after a comfortable tea a body sometimes experiences a fuller sense of com fort than is generally the lot of mortals, and she was just then completely free from rheumatism, and had no other kind of ache, pain, or disease either beginning or going on, a state which is unusual when a person reaches the age of 60. All these causes com bined made Mrs. Monument drop her eyes and her knitting, one alter the other, and persuaded her to nod her head with the royal condescension only to be observed at each moments, and then to lay her soul at rest, and close iher eyes and .open her lips, Mrs. Monument was asleep. She slept peacefully for half an hour. The almshouses were always quiet behind their brick wall, bat to-day all the collegians ex cept herself were out basking in the sun, which is a perfect cure for everything, if you can get enough of it, and the place was absolutely select and peaceful. The con tinual rolling of carriages and carts, and the tramp of the footsteps on the pavement were audible, it is true, because they were going on all day long and the greater part of the night, just on the other side of the wall, but | no one in the honseB ever heard them or noticed them, nor did they add anything to the most grievous headache. Suddenly Mrs. Monument awoke with a cry, started, and sat upright, with pale cheek and outstretched arms and blind eyes which rolled helplessly around. " The step I I heard his step again 1" She listened. But it did not come again ; there was the rolling of the tramcar and the jingling of its bell, there was the rambling of heavy waggons, there was the whistle of an engine on the railway, there were the stepB of passengers, there was a barrel organ, there was the whistling of a boy. Bat there was not the step which bad awakened her. It was a single and solitary step, a Btep like Robinson Crusoe's impression of a foot on the sand—a single footfall, a mysterious foot fall. She eat listening for another, but no other touched her ears. Then she sprang to her feet, and, with every outward sign of terror, with trembling hands and parted lips, she began to grope and feel about the room, Btopping every moment to listen, lest the step should fall again and escape her. Bat she could find nothing, she could hear nothing, as tor that footstep she would have heard it, she thought, fifty'yards away, Why,rahe had heard it, once before—the footstep which had been silent for twenty years, but which Bhe never could forget—once, twice, three times it smote her ear in the middle of the night, and now in the day time, close beside her in the very room, a soft and gentle step which she could not mistake. She felt about the open door; she came into the little court and stretched her hands out. as if in search of Bpace illimitable. " It was the dream." she murmured. "It was the dream come bade again. But there was someone in the room. 1 know there was someone in the room." She knew it by the instinct of the blind, who feel the presence of things without see ing or touching then). And while she stood there, a pitiful spec tacle of fear and horror, the latch of the gate was lifted, and her daughter Polly came int' the court Mrs. Monument was wrong. It was n< dream. She had heard her husband's foot step because he waB standing before her loosing her full in the face. He was not dead at all, but alive. And he was at large—they had suffered him to go free ; he was releasee with a document entitled after a celebrated play, the ticket-of-leave. He had called a day or two after his release to see his wife, as a husband should, after nearly twenty years of separation. She was on that occasion gone to bed, and he came away. Business, that is to say, an eager and wolf-like pursuit of pleasure and drink after twenty years oi abstinence, kept him away for a whole fort night. Now, his money being well nigh spent, he called again. A little while before Mrs. Monument woke up so suddenly and cried out, and began to carry on in so surprising a manner all by her self, there came along the road on the east side where the sunshine falls in the afternoon and evening, and where, for that reason, they have planted most of the almshouses, a man advanced in years. He was dressed neatly in a sober grey tweed suit, and wore a round hat. He was slightly built and below the middle height; a thin spare man with Bharp features and smalt hands ; his hair was short and quite grey and his cheek was smooth shaven. His features were small and fine, especially his mouth ; his eyes were bright and surrounded with quite a cobweb of crows feet and wrinkles. He had some thing the appearance of a gentleman's servant, butler in a great house, or hall porter in a club, or something extremely respectable in the service, and therefore be seemed out of place in a region where there are few gentlemen's servants and clubs are unknown, except for political purposes. Cer tainly a most respectable person, with a little awkwardness about -iris manner of walking as if he was a stranger to crowded streets. Presently he stopped in front of a low brick wall with a gate in the middle of it, and hesi tated. Then he lifted the latch, opened the gate, and stepped within, where was the gar den of the almshouses, and behinjd^bie "gar den the row of almshouses. The man turned to the right ana walked straight to the last of the cottages, that, namely, which belonged to Mrs. Monument. It might have been noticed by an observant person that he walked afmoat noiselessly, an art which may be acquired by anybody, but it requires study; and much practice. When you have acquired it you have also acquired the stealthy 6tyle much spoken of by the better class of novelists — those, namely, whose publishers sell their productions at a penny the complete novelette. This style may be of advantage to some kinds of pro fessional men, especially if, as this gentleman was, he happens to be a burglar by profession. When he reached the door of the cottage, which stood wide open, he looked in. Beside the empty fireplace in her chair sat an old woman with white hair asleep. The man looked at her seriously. " She is changed," he murmured. " I wonder if she will know me, and I wonder what she will Bay when she sees me. I won der if she knows I am alive." He stepped inside noiselessly, and looked about the little room. The woman Btill slept undisturbed. There was nothing in the room worth stealing if he wished to steal, nor was there anything particularly interesting to look at, but his eyes fell upon the shelf oi books, and he nodded with a kind of satis faction. So long as the books—his books were there he was not forgotten. On the table was some knitting work and needles in a basket, and lying with the work a torn envelope. He took this out, being an ex tremely curious person, and read the address upon it " Claude Monument, Esq., 2c King's Bench Walk, Temple." It had been, in fact, left there by Valentine. Clauae Monument! He remembered now. There was a son of his named Claude Claude Duval. The boy was living, then, or working in the Temple where the lawyers live—perhaps a lawyer's clerk. He folded the letter and placed it carefully in his pocket It might be useful. This man was the great James Carey, once the acknowledged head of his profession, the former prince of burglars. At loose again upon the world after twenty years of seclu sion. It was his step that the poor woman of the almshouses had actually heard in the evening. He bad come, found the room dark and empty, and had gone away again. Now he was come back, to make bis return known, and to look around, because twenty years of prison fare and life do not make a man in clined for honest work, and if there was any money to be got out of his wife and children before "jobs" began to offer themselves again he might as well get that money. Perhaps he stepped npon a loose plank, perhaps he forgot his habitual caution—1 know not; but suddenly the woman started in her sleep, Bat bolt upright, and Bhrieked, " His step! I hear his Btep—again!" In an instant he saw that his wife was blind ; her glaring eyes jrolled over him, so to speak, as if he was not present; he saw her blindness in her outstretched hand and ges tures of helplessness. The thing was un expected, ana with quick step and without the least noise he crossed the threshold, stepped over the flagstones, and took up his position among the cabbage stumps outside, where he waited and watched. Hia wife was blind and in an almshouse. He bad made up his mind that there would be changes. People do not stand still; the children would be grown u(); perhaps the} would be ashamed of their father; theii mother he knew, regarded his exploits with a most extraordinary and unaccountable pre judice. He had no doubt that she had heed to make them respectable, whereas, if he bad had his way with the children, there would not have been in the whole world a.clevererot more successful gang of plunderers, or a more united and happy family, or one which lived more merrily and enjoyed more of the fruits of the earth in due season. Shame, that a man should not be permitted, even in prison, to direct the education of his children in their own interests. But if they were respect able and unwilling to own their father, he must then—he hud thought it all out—he must compel them to pay for his suppression by a weekly subsidy. £nt who would have thought that his wife would go blind ? lie did not know what to say or how to act; and therefore he did nothing, but watched. She came tottering to the door and stretched out her arms to the world, crying " Who is there? Who is there?" The man made no reply. He had fully in ended to present himself, and to say—" llere 1 am—hack again. Hive me all the money you have got ut the place. Tell me where all the children are. 1 shall want money till 1 net back to my old rrorfc As for repentance, don't think of it—and as fortalkfug, stow it." This was the amiable speech ne had proposed to make. Bat his wifs was aa well as grey; and lor - humanity stul lurking- in his would nat make that speech, stood among the stumpe there appeared between his wife and himself, a llnrd person—a young lady. " Mother,", she said, talcing the blind woman's hand, what is it? Oh 1 what is it?" For she connected the terror aud the helpless hands with the strange man stand ing opposite to the door. its the dream come back. Oh! roily thank Cod you've come my dear. Its the dreadful dream. 1 heard his step a fort night ago, in the night—once—twice—three times upon the floor, and again I heard it iust now—once—my dear. My dear, I'm frightened out of my wits. Is it the dead come back to plague me ?" "The step again?" " Your father's step, my dear. And some thing there was in the room. I i'elt it. Something in the room. His ghost most likely." Valentine turned upon the man a face so full of horror, and loathing, and 6hame, that it actually pierced him to the heart, though bis conscience was long since seared with a hot iron, and twenty years ox prison had only hardened him. Vet those lips made him shiver, and he dropped his own. " What a strange thing!" She kept lier eyes upon (he man as one keeps his eye upon a wild beast. " You are sure you heard his step ?" " Quite sure. As if I could ever forget his step !" The man smiled complacently. "1 heard it on the boards falling as soft as the step of a cat And, oh! Folly—thank God you've come," she repeated, clinging to her daughter. "Why, mother,"6he replied in a strange voice, and wit h burning cheeks, " he is dead long ago—five years ago," she held up a warning finger to the man. " Thank heaven! the miserable man died in his prison, where he deserved to die, and was buried in the prison church-yard, where he deserved to be buried, among the thieves and rogues, his companions. And now he is dead we have forgotten him and all his villainies." "Yes, my dear, yes. But—your own father, my dear. Don't apeak ill of your lather and your mother, because it brings bad luck. And him dead, too. But why did 1 hear his step?" "1 don't know. There is nobody here, dear," she said mendaciously, and with another warning gesture with lier fore-finger. " You were dreaming again. Now go lack and Bit down and calm yourself. As for me I am going to get you something for your supper—a lettuce. I think. Yea, I will be back in live minutes. Go and 6it down, dear. Oh 1 you poor dear old thing, what a fright you have had 1 Sit down now. I am here you know, and if anybody offered to frighten i you 1 would—I would kill him." She said i this with such ferocity in her eyes that the man in the garden trembled. She placed the old woman in her chair. Then she went outside again, and silently beckoned the man to follow her. He obeyed, walking over the vegetables. Outside the place Valentine took the first turning to the right, which happened to be a new street of grey brick houses not yet finished. Nobody ever walks in unfinished streets of grey brick houses, not even lovers who will walk anywhere else. But not in un finished streets between lines of dreadful grey brickB. On Sundays the Jerry builder walks there alone and wonders how long they will stand. Presently she stopped and turned fiercely upon the man. "Ob, wretch!" she cried, "1 know who you are. Oh, mean and skulking wretch! We thought you were dead ; we rejoiced that > ou bad died, like a miserable rat in a trap,1 in your prison cell, and were > buried in the 1 prison churchyard." "What do you mean?" " Silence 1 Don't dare to speak. Let me think." I I'or she understood that the most dreadful | thing in the world that could happen had happened. Dreadful to everyone of theua— i to the poor old lady, to Joe, the honest and respectable Joe who had nothing but his good name, to Sam, to Melenda, and most dreadful of all to Claude and—no, no, Violet must never know, whatever else happened, whoever else suffered. "You are not dead then—and the first use you make of your liberty is to terrify your wife. You ought to have eluuk into some corner where no one knew you and buried your shameful head there till you died. Oh, i know your story—your miserable, disgrace ful story." " You called her mother," he said, stupidly staring, " and you're a young lady, or perhaps a young lady's maid." .She made no reply. " Then you must be my daughter.' Again she made no reply. " And a precious dutiful daughter she's i made you." lie cleared bis throat and began to pluck up his spirits. " I'll have it out of | her for this. You mind that. " I'il have itj out of you—both of you—all|of you. Now theu —where's your obedience ? Where's your Filth Commandment ?—before I take and I wring your undntiful and impudent neck 7* lie did use much stronger language, but | that was the substance ot his remarks and the rest may be understood. He also doubled his fist and shook it in Valentine's lace but | not with much confidence. "If you dare to touch me with your little finger," said Valentine, " I will shake you to a jelly—you miserable creature !" She was taller than the man and a good deal heavier. Moreover there was in her eyes a light of wrath so lurid, and on her cheeks such a fiery glow, and she looked so remark ably as if she could do it, and would rejoice i n doing it, that the man was cowed. But he looked dangerous. " Well, then, you're my daughter, I sup pose," he went on sulkily. " What's your name ?" " 1 am called Polly," she replied with some hesitation. " Your youngest child was bap tised Maria." " A pretty Maria youare," he said. " This comes of a girl growing up without a father's j care. You might as well have 1 . _ - _ ... been a Mariarann. And how do I know what you rlo for a living 1 Maria—yes—I remember now—one forgets a-many things in quod, Maria it was. 1 made up the name myself from a book about pirates and souttlin' ships and fighting with marlin* spikes. And tne other gal was Melenda. And that name 1 tuade too. Out of my own bead I made it And there was three boys—Joe was the eldest—and Sam and Claude, a pretty boy Claude waB. Like me, he was." Valentine shuddered. Yes, Claude was like him ; hod so, ales 1 was Violet The likeness was unmistakable, " Come," he said, " don't go on like a she devil, I'm back again. You can't get over that -Let's be jolly. Lord 1 I don't want quarrels; I never did. Your mother'il tell you that 1 was always a man for peace and qdiet And you're a pretty girl, my dear, with a fine spirit of your own. Kiss your old dad, Mariiifmy&ear;^ ■ Jie maae as though he was about to kiss her. Valentine—I shudder; one cannot d^se but sliUdder—shrank back, and, with a cri- of disgust, actually lifted her hand and etwek iiibron cheek 'with do hearty a goodwillreeled. King Richard! bion Heart never dealt a better stroke. That this wretched convict, this l'elon, ahould otter to kiss her ! ' "Oh .''she cried, "if you dare to touch ! me 1 will kill you." The man picked up his hat, which had Jallen off, and stared stupidly. That a girl should chastise ber own father ! "Oh ! what a pity, what a thousand pities," Valentine went on pitilessly, "that you are not dead." He began to whine, holding his hat in his hand, and addressing the unsympathetic grey bricks, and the scalTolds. "I return home,"he complained, "after twenty years. The moment I am out, 1 hurry to my wife's humble home. I have put off the old man and am resolved to lighten her lot, and cheer her declining years, which is a shadow of things to come. I am full of repentance, and count all things else but loss, as I told the good chaplain. My feet are now shod with the preparation of the Gospel of Peace, and I walk in love. 1 told him bo. As for my character, my only anxiety is to redeem it, and having been a brand ready for the burning, but not plucked from the fire, I expected treament accord ingly. And this is what I get! A daughter who calls me names and strikes her old father. But I offer the other cheek." He did so ostentatiously, but Valentine took no advantage of iheolfer. " This is the Christian spirit of my child. I have bad my faults *, i own that I had faults; but I always loved my children. Let me go to your mother, Maria. She will receive me in a better spirit. lie that loveth his wife loveth himself. Let me find my other children. There is Samuel— my Bon Samuel. There is also Joseph Joseph. 1 hope he, too, is given to virtuous courses. And Melenda—my dear Melenda. 1 pray that she is all a penitent and forgiven father, who has worked oat his sentence, can hope to find. And there is Claude " " Stop!" cried Valentine, imperiously. He obeyed, watching her with furtive and evil looks. , " I know," Valentine continued, after a little reflection, "that you can talk. You de ceived your wife by your glib tongue into marrying you. Let us have no speeches. Now listen to me." Her words were brave, but her heart was beating. " Listen to ine —8be took courage by the aspect and appear ance of the man who watched her like a cowed and frightened cur—"you are to go away from here—quite away—to another nart of London—1 don't care where you go. You are never to see your wife again, or attempt to see her, or write to her, or let her know in any way that yon are alive Oh! we have thanked God so often that you are dead that we cannot aliord to bave you coming to life again. You are a dead man. do you bear ? First of all," she repeated, "you are never to see or to communicate with your wife. Never —never." ^ T " I hear. What the devil 8 coining next, I wonder?" , . , , . , Meantime he had observed—he had not forgotten his old trick of observation—two or three things which struck him with wonder ■ and made him reflect. The girl had white delicate hands *. her fingers were not marked on with any kind of work; ber dress, which was simple, was well made, and she wore dainty, well- made boots. It is only a lady who wears good boots, he [ thought, because be bad in bis old days made j careful studies of the sex for professional | purposes. But how in the world could his ' daughter be a lady ? " The next thing is that you are not to communicate with any of your children, or find out where they live. Do you hear? You shall not make their lives shameful for them by your loathsome and horrible presence." " Suppose 1 won't promise. Why should " In that case you sbali get no help—I pro mise you bo much—not the least help from any of us. We shall keep you from your wife by main force il necessary ; you may starve in the ditch and we will not help you." Ihaveoften wondered how Valentine would have received this man bad she not known the whole truth concerning Poltv which is | Maria ; one or two things are quite certain, j She would not bave used language of such ex- j cellent plainness ; nor would she have boxed | his ears ; nor would she have been so uuhesi fating in her manner and action. " I only want honest work," he said with a whine. "Give me honest work and ! will trouble no one. You shan't know you've got a father. I forgive you for your hard words and for your blows. Let us walk in love." " I do not believe that you want work at all,' said Valentine ; " you did not work before you went to prison, and I do not be lieve that you want to begin now. You want drink and tobacco and nothing to do. Well; I will give you what you want on conditions. What money have yon?" lie sadly replied that he had nothing; not a copper, which, of course, was a lie. lie went onto explain, forgetting that he had already said he was fust out of prison, that he had spent 6ueh money as was due to him in the fruitless search after work. "I am weary and footsore," he eald with a sigh. " Weariness I complain not of, and foot soreness is my righteous punishment." "Lift up your foot" The man obeyed. Twenty rears of prison make a man ready to obey anybody. " It is false ; your boots are quite new; you have not walked about at all." , . , , J "And yet she is my daughter—my own Maria! Oh ! what a bard heart I'd rather have myiootsoreness than her hard heart"' " i do not want any promises or assurances from you at ail." Valentine went on ; " and, fray, no more hypocrisies. £ will give yon will -give you— she considered bow little ahe might offer—"a sovereign a week ao long as you keep away. The moment you seek to find out any of your children or terrify your wife, the allowance ceases. Do you hear and understand ?" . . , " Yes, I hear. IV hat e a sovereign ? It isn t worth making a piomise about I can spend a sovereign a day and think nothing of it" " Then earn a sovereign a day." " If you can get a sovereign a week to. give away, you can get two. I shan't ask how you get it, iny dear. Lord 1 everybody knows that a lady's maid—you look like a lady's maid— generally gets opportunities." He looked so desperately cunning that Valentin? longed to box his ears again—when a woman begins boxing of ears, there's no saying where she may leave off—witness the caBe of certain Czarinas and other ladies who have had com mand of the knout, and the fiagellium, and the stake. " Make it two sovereigns for your poor old father, Maria, my child.' " i will give you one and no more. But only on my conditions. Here is the first week's money," She opened ber purse and took out the golden coin. His eyes greedily grasped the fact that there were many more lying in it. " It is the last if you break my conditions, if yon do not, I will send another next week to the address yon may name.' She gave him a leaf from a pocket book, and he wrote on it an address to Bome street in the East End. " You can write to me at the almshouse; to the care of. my mother. But don't sign your letters. And don't dare to address me—safe as your child." " Who are you thenhe asked, looking at her with admiration nud surprise. " A daughter of Hester Monument should be standing over a wash tub. What are you ?" " That 1 shall not tell you. Ilemember, there is not one of your children—not one of them who knows the truth—who will not re gard you with shame and horror. There is not one who will give you a helping hand, ex yself. Sou have your choice. Tnlce cept myself. You have your choice, lnlce my twenty shillings a week and go away, and get drunk among the rogues and villains your friends. If you refuse uiy conditions, or offer to molest any of us, you shall see how much you will get from all of us together. Go." There were two or three things in this speech which filled Mr. Carey with pain, especially to be told that his children re garded him with shame. Kvcry man who becomes, whether by bis own consent or not, | a hermit for twenty years, builds 1111 a charac ter for himself. Mr. Carey knew that he had retired amidst a blaze of popularity; the papers were full of him and bis exploits, por traits were sold of him in the illustrated lxo!ke A'ciw and elsewhere ; he knew that he stood first in the profession ; winch is a proud tiling for anybody in any profession to say. He was the premier burglar, lie was the gallant hero who pitted bis own in genuity and resources against all the intel lect, and the Btrength, and the organisation that the richest country in the world can com mand. To be caught and clapped in prison was a defeat to be sure ; but—" loathing and horror!" This was their mother's inlluence. And she said he had consorted with rogues and villains, liogues and villains—rebels when successful become revolutionists would willingly have consorted with him, but he would have none of their companion ship. -lie lived apart from the vulgar cri- j minal; he consorted not with the common burglar. lie worked alone, and he lived apart from his fellow professionals. j I do not suppose that Mr. Carey expected I to be received with open arms. Hut lie did expect some enow ot respect—at least tnac respect due to his position in the walk of life he adorned. And to be received with those words of disuust and insult by his youngest daughter—it was hard to bear. Had it been her mother he would have lelt it less, because she was a woman of slow imagination aud contracted views, and could never understand the greatness of his glory. "Go," said liis unnatural daughter. He obeyed, and started on his way without a word. _"itfo,"8he said, "notback by that road. You will pass the almshouse, and she may hear your footstep again. Go down this road." I do not know where it leads to." *11 don't care. G o t his way." He obeyed, and walked elowly away, turn ing from time to time like an unwilling cur. Each time he turned his head he saw the girl standing in the road watching him. When be was out of sight, Valentine re turned slowly to the almshouses. " That was a terrible dream, Tolly, wasn't it *" " A dreadful dream, mother. Hut I don't think it will come again. 1 will stay here to night just to prevent your having it. you know. , It won't come if you think some one is with you." "Tolly, my dear, it is just wonderful the difference since you came hack. And oh ! the comfort of having some one that I can tell all my troubles to !" 