THE _ STOmELLEB. Tho Doadleigh Sweep. (From the OornJnll Magazine). He who has formed his estimate of ' Ebsox Bcenery by what he has seen on ' the north bank of the Thames between London and the sea has formed an un juat — unjust because imperfect — opinion of its quality. Essex is by no means all marsh and unreclaimed fens ? treeless, flat, watery — an English Hol / land. Pew counties can rival it m the beauty of its villages, composed of timber and plaster cottages, the plas ter skilfully and effectively worked over into patterns, by combs, roofed with tile3 of russet brown. The chur ches are built of brick or of unbaked ? clay-cobbles, round nodes of indurated clay found lying dispersed in the mud and now collected to be burnt to make cement. . Tho small towns of Essex are also . ? charming, towns of old red btick and tile, imbedded in elms. One of the most delightful of these old Essex towns is Deadleigh, in the Bhallow valley of the Stour. It con eiats of one broad street of old houses some of plaster and timber, with acute gables towards the street, and bay windows, snuggeries to sit in, thrust out at the corners, and of brick man sions erected between the reigns of \- Queen Anne and J3eorge IV. — none later ; of a 6tone church with stately tower, dignified, encrusted with mural .. tablets telling of a past when Deadleigh was a place where family ,and fashion congregated j of an assembly-room \- ? ' with Doric portico, now turned into a furniture-dealer's lumber-room j and of a red-brick grammar school, with moulded brick pediments and cornices and windows, most picturesque, and a cricket- ground behind shadowed by ' .giant elms as ancient as the ancient school. ' Very little traffic passes now through ' Deadleigh, since the Great Eastern Railway has passed it by contemptu ' '' ouBly, without according it even a ' Deadleigh-road station, and, cruellest cut o£ all, Mr Keith Johnaou, has not admitted the existence of such a town into his Eoynl Atlas, though Deadleigh onca returned, n member, and -still numbers a population of two thousand Souls. A, little way outside of Deadleigh stands a fine mansion of red brick two hundred years old ; it has a tiled roof the colour of roast coffee, brick and tile are stained, softened in tone, and mottled with yellow and grey lichens, and the house is large ; it consists of a main body with two wings. The win»s continue the same range of tall windows, and are in tho same axis. The roof sarehowevor, alittle lower than that of the central block, which appar ently contains the state apartments. This central block has one enormous stack of chimneys, also of red brick, and, and, capriciously, the gilly-flower seed, blown by tho wind from tho gar den has taken root in interstices between the bricks, and the oldchim ney-stack is garlanded with yellow and brown wallflowers. There are chim ney-stacks, inferior in size to the wings, but now flowers wreath them. The reason, no doubt, is that these latter chimneys are used, and get too hot for roots to live in them, whereas the cen tral block of chimney never gives forth eniuku. The mansion stands well back from the road, with a lnwn before it, and yew trees flanking each side. On the side of the house away from the road are tho gardens that stretch down to tho river. Accoss to the place is ob tained through a noble pair of ham mered iron gates, or through a side wicket. The house had been unoccupied for a numb9r of years except by a widow and her daughter, who tenanted one wicg. The proprietor lived in Londou — Deadleigh was too dull for his taste, and Deadleigh was also too dull to in duce those goutlofolk seeking houses to settle there and rent the mansion. The widow who lived in part of the house teas a person highly respecter] in Deadleigh. Her husband had been a surgeon in practice there. On h;s death she was left with so little means that a subscription was raised in the neighbourhood, which reached a thous and pounds, and this was invested for her. She lived on the interest vory quietly, and rent free, for she was al lowed by the owner of the mansion to occupy one wing on condition that she kept the rest of the house in order; lighted fires in the winter, opened the windows in summer, had the carpets shaken occasionally, and the window frames painted periodically. Mrs White was well-housed at no cost, and she and her daughter Mabel had not only the run of the mansion, but «1bo the grapes from the vinery and the vegetables from the garden, and the fruit from the orchard, as much as they needed ; and all thoy did not want they sold, and from the receipts paid the gardener, and accounted to the owner for the rest. At last, to the alarm and grief of Mrs 'White, the proprietor died, and, consequently on his death, the house was Bold, and purchased by Mr Corder of Birmingham. \ Mr Corder was, or rather had been, a button manufacturer ; not a maker of all kinds of buttons, but a specialist — a manufacturer of smoked mother of-pearl buttons. Eor many years Mr Corder had done badly in business, there had been no demand for smoked mother of-pearl. Corduroy was only worn by cheap-jacks and velveteen by game keepers, and smoked mother-of-pearl buttons go with corduroy and velve teen as certainly as primroses and peacocks went with Lord Beacons field by inherent fitness. Now the cheap-jacks are dwindling in numbers and the gamekeepers are not many, consequently the market for smoked mother-of-pearl buttons was sluggish till by a freak of fashion a rage for wearing velveteen came over the English people. The gentlemen wore velveteen jackets, and the ladies velve teen gowns and bodies. With the velve teen came in smoked mother-of-pearl as a matter of course. The demand for buttons of this Bort was great, and the factory was engaged night and day in turning them out, of all hues of smokiness, and all sheeny lustres. Mr Corder rapidly realised a fortune, and then sold his business at the proper moment, before ? the fashion declined, and sold it, as though the fashion for velveteen and smoked moher-of-pearl buttons was as certain of maintaining its place as the Gov ernment of Mr Gladstone, or as securely established as the Church of England. Mr Corder was now clear of business, and with a very handsome fortune safely invested. Ho had an only child, a son, Mr Charles Corder, a young gentleman of one-and- twehty, good-looking, better educated than his father, and very idle. ' Mr Corder's great ambition was to have his son accepted by society as a real member of tho ordor which stands supreme above trade. So Mr Corder moved from Mid-Ecgland to Esoox, away from where his antecedents were known, and bought the mansion-house of Deadleigh, with the intention of settling there, and getting his son married into one of the aristocratic families of tho neighbourhood. To accommodate himself to his new posi tion he underwent several transforma tions. He had been accustomed to wear very shabby coats, more shabby trousers, and most shabby hats j now he assumed a scrupulously smart, if slightly old-fashioned, habit. He had been a Dissenter and a' Radical, he now becamo a Churchman and a Con servative. ' Mr Corder. had paid Deadleigh a flying visit to look at tho house and learn something of the neighborhood beforo he bought the place. When he came there on the completion of the purchase he ,was accompanied by his sou. He put up for n few days at the 'Hose aud Crown,' till he could see that all was ready for his reception at tho house. He had engaged servants bought V carriage and horses, and hoped in a month to be comfortably established at 'The Yowb' as bis man sion was called. He had purchased the place with its furniture, pictures, and conservatories. The furniture waB old-fnahioned and poor, and the pic tures- of no value. When the local solicitor, who had acted as agent for the late owuer, handed over the keys to Mr Corder, the latter said, 'The house ia not in first rate order, I'll have to do a lot to it.' 'You see. sir,! said the lawyer, 'it has not been occupied fora long time.' 'Now that is amazing,' observed Mr Corder ; 'a large house, and com modious, one would have supposed it might have let for at least a hundred a year.' 'There were drawbacks.' 'What drawbacks ¥ 'Well, you see, in tho first place, Deadleigh is some distance from the railway.' 'But folks as would take 'The Yews' would keep a carriage ; so that don't count.' 'Then it is far from London.' 'Not so far as Westmoreland or Cornwall ; and hoiiHes let there !' 'There is no shooting.' ' 'Everyone don't shoot. I don't shoot.' 'Then, began the lawyer, and hesi tated and added tamely, 'there may be other things.' 'What other things ?' 'Oh, nothing, nothing, said the lawyer, looking uncomfortable. 'I'll tell you what,' said Mr Corder, not observing his uneasiness. 'That house is full of odds and ends, and traps and dust. L'U begin with a pretty clean sweep.1 The lawyer looked furtively at him, his mouth twitched, and ho said, half seriously, half jestingly, 'You must first get rid of the ugly, dirty one.' 'T don't take you,' said Mr Corder, opening his eyes wide. 'I intend,' ho added, 'to have a good substantial sweep.' 'In the place of an unsubstantial sweep,' observod the solicitor, in a low tone, 'Nothing imperfect, unsubstantial with me.' Mr Corder went on. 'I intend to repaper, recurtain, and altogether refurnish the mansion, after I've had that sweep out I spoke of.' 'The first thing ia to have that sweep out.' 'Exactly. I said so.' 'But can you do it ? The house would have let easily before, only the late proprietor could not do it.' 'Not have the sweep out 1 'No.' ' Fiddle - sticks - ends. BrooinB, brushes, pails of water.' 'No good, none at all,' 'What do you mean ¥ 'I mean that if the house had not been haunted, the house would have let.' 'What has that to dowith my sweep 'It is haunted by a siveep.' A pause. Mr' Corder sat and stared. The agent lookod down, half ashamed, half amused. 'I was not told a word about this, said the ex-mother-of-pearl button manufacturer. 'We were not bound to inform you of such a matter,' said the solicitor. ' I don't believe in ghosts,' ex claimed Mr Corder, contemptuously. 'Rats or bad drains are the cause of all ghost stories. Eats make a noise, and drains exhale poisonous vapours which affect the brain. Are the drains wrong ]' ' Tho drains are right — it is the chimney which is wrong. The sweep infests the chimney. ' What chimney ?' ' The stack belonging to the state room. You may have observed gilly flowers grow out of it.' ' I don't believe a word of it,' said Mr Corder, impatiently. ' I don't and won't believe in ghosts — no educated people do give credence to these foolish superstitions.' ' Exactly,5 said the lawyer. ' I also do not believe a word about the sweep, but unquestionably our domestic servants are not so highly educated as to be superior to vulgar terrors, and it has been found impossible for any one to retain their servants who has tried to live at ' Tho Yews.' ' But who is this sweep 1 ' What is he ? When did he live ? Or rather, when did he die ? 1 The story is not romantic, and the incident is not very remote. N Some five-and-twonty years ago, in the late proprietor's lifetime, an unfortunate sweep engaged in cleaning the chimneys of the state-apartments fell in the chimney. Ho had been to the top' and looked out, and deaending a brick gave way. it is supposed, under his foot, and he fell the whole length of the flue and broke his neck, or back, or both, and died an hour after. I remember tho circumstance. After that popular superstition would have it that tho sweep haunts tho central stack of chimneys, and at night it is to be heard creeping up one ilue and down another, and sometimes as fall ing. He is said to have been seen on the top of thechimney, looking out and waving his brush. Also, on moonlight nights, to have been observed in some of the state-rooms seated on the stone fender, in a pensive attitude, with his head in his hand.' ' And pray,' said Mr Corder, with decision in his tone, ' is he surrounded by phosphorescent light, and does he exhale the odour of brimstone. 1 Oh dear no,' answered the solicitor. ' He is very black, and sinella strongly of soot.' 'If tho ghost had been a figure in -chain-mail, or a women in 'white, there would have heen some satisfaction in having one's house haunted ; it would give it respectability,' mused Mr Corder. ' But — a chiinney-Bweep — and a chimney- sweep that only died t'other day. 'Tis vexing.' ' Come along, Charles,' ho said, after a pause, to his son, and rose' from his chair. ' Wo must be off, and to ' The Yews.' How about these other parties, sir ¥ — this to the agent. ' You mean Mrs White and her daughter,' answered the lawyer. ' Of course they leave. You have only to give them notice that their services will not be required, and they must depart. I am sorry for them. Mrs. White is an excellent lady, highly regarded throughout thejieighborhood, much respected by the country people. If, sir, you could possibly retain her in any capacity in the house I bolieve it would give general satisfaction, be a kindness to her, and that you would not regret it yourself ; a more trust worthy, honorable, ladylike person 1 do not know. If you had desired a housekeeper — ' ' I do not want one,' said Mr Corder, curtly. When Mr Corder and his son were in the street, ' Charles,' Baid the former. 'We must go at once and give Ilia old woman- aod her kid notice to quit. We'll do it as genteelly as we can, but we'll do it.' So Mr Corder and Mr Charles went to the wing of the ? Yews ' inhabited by Mrs White. To be Continued. 