PERTH V. I ZINGARI. The above teams met for the third time this season, and, as both were very strong, a really good game was anticipated. The captain of the Perth team won the toss, and elected to go into the field. Randell started the trundling, and Ferguson and Stones were the first to bat for the Zingari. In Randell's second over he clean bowled Ferguson with a shooter, I Healy followed, but was bowled by Bishop before he scored. Wilson arrived on the scene just in time to see Stanes caught in the slips by Randell off a bumpy one from Bishop, and he retired in favour of Pendergast. The latter had anything but a happy time at the wickets, the ball flying very badly. He had a nasty blow from Randell on the leg at the start, and a few overs later he got jammed on the fingers, but he continued to play very pluckily. Wilson treated the spectators to a fine exhibition of cricket. He was playing the bowling with great confidence, his driving was very good, and anything on the leg came in for rough treatment. Bishop rang the changes in good style, but the runs continued to come, the tens appearing in the board in rapid succession. Randell went on at the river end, and, in his second over, he clean bowled Wilson and Pendergast. Both bats- men were loudly cheered on retiring. Morgan took the place of Wilson, and Wade came after Pendergast. Both batsmen began to lay on the wood, Morgan especially scoring off almost every ball. Wade was at last caught by Randell after making 13, and Lake occupied the vacant crease. A few overs later Morgan was given outlaw. off Randell, after making 34. Morgan deserves great praise for his innings, as he never gave the ghost of a chance. His score comprised three or four splendid leg hits. Cross came next, and the Lake was bowled by Gamsonfor 10\. Bostock, the last man, had made 2, when Cross was adjudged run out after making 9, the innings closing for 144\. Randell bowled well all through the game his 5 wickets costing only 27 runs, bufcGamsonwas very expensive for 29beinghis record. After dinner the Perth captain sent Smith and Hussey to the wickets to try and wipe off the score of their opponents, but the partnership did not last long as Ferguson clean bowled Smith in the first over. Gamson followed and took the remainder of the over without scoring. In Wade's next over Gain son dropped one in the hands of Sherlock at leg and was badly missed. Hussey who was playing very cautiously at last spooned one up and was caught by the bowler. Bishop the next morn began to play very steadily at the start. Gamson was playing loosely and in Ferguson's 3rd over he spooned one up, but Morgan let it drop and a minute later he sent one up to the off but Bostock failed to hold it. The fielding of 1 Zingari was very loose at this stage of the game, Gamson ving no less than 4 chances in the field before he scored 8. Pendergast changed his bowling time after time but the batsman seemed to play it with great freedom. Bishop was at last taken by Pendergast at point off Healy and retired.; with a well played 28. Birch partnered Gamson but he was well taken by Stanes at long on off Healy. Ferguson was again tried and off his second over Gamson got an front of the wicket and paid the penalty. His 48 was got by lucky cricket as he gave no less than 6 chances. Randell went out to one of Ferguson's slows and was neatly stumped by Wilson after making 1\. Angove was clean bowled by Ferguson and he retired in favour of Osborne. Riley was bowled by Healy and From not being in form was soon bowled. Sinclair the last man soon commenced to score and Ogborne was batting in splendid form. He lifted one of Ferguson's clean over the fence-the hit of the day. After a few more runs had been made, Sinclair hit one from Healy into the hands of Ferguson who held the ball and in attempting to throw it up dropped it again. This occassion a dispute and to the disappointment of the fieldsmen the umpire gave it not out. A few balls after this Sinclair hit one to the off and it was quickly returned by Ferguson and he was run out after making 11, I Zingari winning by 8 runs. I Zingari C.C. Ferguson, b Randell. 4 Stanes, c Randell, b Bishop ... 5 Healy, b Bishop 0 Wilson, b Randell 25 Pendergast, b Randell. 31 Morgan, l.b.w., b Randell 34 Wade, c Randell, b Fruit 13 Lake, b Gamson 10 Cross, run out. 9 Sherlock, c Riley, b Randell 0 Bostock, not out. 2 Extras 11 Total 144 Perth C.C. Hussey, b Ferguson ... ,., 5 Smith, b Ferguson 1 Gamson, l.b.w., b Ferguson ... 48 Bishop, c Pendergast, b Healy 28 Birch, c Stanes, b Healy 0 Riley, b Healy. 6 Randell, st. Wilson, b Ferguson 1 Ogborne, not out 21 Angove, b Ferguson . 4 Fruit, b Ferguson . 2 Sinclair, run out 11 Extras 9 Total 156 We have been supplied with a report of the match Unions v. City Temperance-but as some mistakes appear in the scores we are obliged to hold it over in order to obtain the correct figures. of 