HEW YEAR'S HOLIDAYS. Christmas has been prolific in holidays this year, and the two or three dnya between the public holiday on Tuesday aud the New Year's festival of to-morrow havo fouud many ab- . £ Itnfl Bconuers irora auty nuvnur wjuij yvma u.»s the week been favored with such truly geuial weather, aud iu spite of Mr. Diou Boucicault's sarcasm on a vory hot day in Sydney, that " he supposed wo were waiting for better weather by the next American mail, as he understood that tine climates were only made in California," this year's Christmas weather would challenge comparison with any in tho world. In England wc know that a fearful snowstorm swept over the country last Saturday, aud we may picture to ourselves tho glee of the rich mau's children in their furs at the prospect of " an old-fashioned Christmas." The illustrated papers will reuiiud us of this, indeed, but we shuii near nothing of the horror of thousands who wiU shiver through tbo dark winter days in rags and tatters. This aide of tho picture happily lias no association with our sunny New tiouth Wales j and a hundred large open-air gatherings will be held to-morrow in every part of tho colony. The train arrangements for to- morrow (Now Year's l)ay) are again made with the special object of meeting too wants of holiday-makers. Tho ordinary suburban time-tables will be can celled and special trains will run at frequent intervals to and from the various suburban stations. On the Southern line a train will leave Sydney for Uoulbum at 8.U0 a.m., arriving again at 10.35 p.m. ; and on tho Western liuo a similar train will leave for Bowenfels at 7 a.m., returning at 8.5B p.m. Special traius also run 011 the branch lines. Goulburn and Batburst will be visited by specials on Sunday. Tho great event of the day will undoubtedly be the llighlaud Gathering sports, which take place at the Association Cricket ground, uudor tho patronage and management of the High land Society. This will be the 2 Dili gathering tho society has held, aud in order to get through nu unusually long programme in good time, the sports, to wnich the charge lor admission is only Is., will begin at lu.fiu a.iu. His Excel lency Lord Carrington aud suite will he present, and a good baud has been ougaged. The prin ciple event out of the 50 advertised will be the live-mile bicycle race, the value of the prizes for which, £40 and £10, will attract the best professional talent in Australia. Roife, the champion, Messrs. James and Wood and others have entered their names. The object of the Highland Society is a purely charitable one, aud the profits of these meetings are dis bursed to the distressed of all natious and creeds. The Manly Aquarium will be open both on New Year's Day and on Sunday from 10 a.m. until 10 p.m., wheu music and refreshments will be added to Lhc liuny attractions. On (Sunday evening the F.J.S.iS. Company run9 a Bpcciat boat leaving Circular Quay at 7 p.m. ami re luming from Manly at U p.m., whilst a daily boat leaves Sydney at 7..!J0 each eveuiug, re turning at JO p.m. The s.s. Sydney (Commander Richard James Skinner) loaves JAmc-street Wharf for Broken Bay and the Hawkesbnry at 10 a.m. to-morrow to laud passengers at Duugar Island to inspect the new bridge over the river. The band of the Naval Volunteer Artillery has been eu- gaged, aud the. large promeuade and bridge decks will be sheltered by commodious awn ings. The s.fl. Kcmbla (Commander Summerbcll) will leave tho Circular Quay for Botany Bay -and Sandringham at 10 a.m. The sea journey is only eight miles iu lengllt. Tho R.8. Genista leaves No. 4 jetty on Sunday at 9 a.m. for Foate's Ferry, Wiseman's Ferry aud Sackvilie Reach, wheuce passengers will be driven by coach to Windsor. Special steamers will run to Fern Bay, Par- ramatta River, leaving No. 4 jetty every half- hour throughout Saturday. Dancing to the music of Mr. Wassie's baud will be one of the attractions. Correy's Cabarita Gardens, Parramatta River, boast one of the finest dauciug pavilions iu the colony, aud here the Young Australian Baud will play, and hot aud cold luncheons will be provided. The Recbablte picnic will be held at Pearl Bay, for which Bteauiers will leave No. U jetty 1 from 9 a.m. till ff p.m. Chowder Bay, with its immense pavilion and smooth shilling beach, will find many visitors. Two good brass bauds have been engaged, aud a special Hue of steamers will frequently leave the North Shore jetty at Circular Quay between 9 a.m. and 11 p.m. throughout tho day. Ou January 4, l> and 8 the first Gladstone Grand Handicap will be run off at X. M. Maloue's Grounds, at Teinpe, when prizes of 100 sovs.j 00 aud 15 sovs. will ensure iirat-cluss entries. In the evening the theatres aro sure to be crowded as tho changes introduced ou Boxing Night will be iu the height of their freshuess. The coucert rooms furnish some novelties for New Year's night, however, and theso may bu noticed first. The 6th Regiment Scottish Kifies give a grand military concert to- morrow night at the Exhi bition Building. His Excellency the Governor, Major- Genoral Richardson, C.B., Lieut.-Colouel Eden will be present, and a large muster is ex pected from ere ry branch of the service. Mrs. Kate M'Donald, Siguora Lardelli, Mrs. Fechotsch, Mr. Vernon Keid and Air. H. Gallo way are tho vocalists eugaged, Herr Pcchotsch plays the violin, Messrs. M'Mahon and Thomp son the cornet, nud the band of the 2nd Regi ment and the 5th Regiment Pipe Baud will attend. Mr. August Gehde conducts the whole. Scottish National Concerts are announced at the New Masonic-hall, under tho direction of Mr. Robert Milieu, both Jor to-morrow aud for Monday night. Tho " Sleeping Beauty " lias drawn crowded houses at tho Theatre Royal (hiring the week and will bo repeated until further notice. Alias Minnie Palmer has more than realised expectation in her original piece " My Sweet heart," which will be performed throughout the week at the Opera House. At tho Criterion Theatre tho new building has been packed nightly, and "Falka," with its bright dresses and music, should have a good run. " Madelaine," or " The Woman of the People," is announced to lie iu its last nights at the Gaiety Theatre, where tho public will not much longer have the advantage of seeing Mr. Sheri dan, the tragedian, or Miss Louise Davenport, his accomplished leading lady. "Dick NVhittiiigton and his Cat," tho pauto- miiue at the Royal Standard Theatre, is filling the little house to ovorilowiug, nnd the Cottier harlequinade goes briskly. The Federal Minsirels are playing their "Black1 Pantomime" with success at the Academy of Music, whero the " Trip to the Moon "and the lvats. likewise "Tho Sleep less Beauties," are still on tho rampage. The Old Masonic- hull is now haunted by Mr. D'Arey Read's "Ghost," and uu amusing enter tainment is given, tho object of which is to introduce various clover illusions, tho invention or property of tho lessee. At the Australian Waxworks "Tho Vanish ing Lady " is still on view. The show is oppo site the Cathedral. "The Strasburg Clock," a great model of the original, and iucludiitg all its curious religious puppet shows, like u mystery play in duiub- crambo, is on view at the Apollo-hall, Kidmau's- buildiugs, Market-street. Some Roman remains have recently been dis covered at Lcscar, near Pan, and tho Council- General of the department has voted a subsidy to the Society of Arts aud Sciences at Pan to enable it to continue the researches. Tho ruins in question appear to be those of a regular palace, which must havo been the residence of the military chief in commnnd of the eouutry. A llomau road passed close to it. 