An Enjjllsli tthost Story. Lady Iloby is asain said to bahauntinp; B5a haa\ Abbey, and:ia causing no litthi .sensa tion. She wastho wife of tbo Gaulish am bassador io.thn Ootirt ot Franc? in I50G. Tho ?'—London Letter in the Phila delphia Telegraph. abbny is the moat hintouo mi(;iou? honeo in Berkshire, and in ouo at tbo nparlmcntn ia a peculiar pnintinf> representing tho Indy with 0 very white faco and hand?, droeecd in tho coif, weeds, and wimplo then allowed to a baronet's lady. In thin identical drcess, it ia moatsUongly averred, she has tjcen frequently occn ia one of the bedrooms of tho Abbey, wiih a gelf- anpportiDg bnein moving: before her, in which clio i? perpetually trying to waeli her handii, but tho mast lomiukftblc part of tho story is tlmt tho to- cttlted apparition al ways appcan' in tbo negative, viz.j tho black part white and tho white part blaok. The ntory, as now told by the ilomcmtica and vil lagers, is ilmt olio boat bor non William to duuth beoftuas he could not write ivithoue making blytH, and a magular part of tho talo is that a nbort time in alterin? tho shut tore of tho dining-room, a great number of children's copy- books of tho tirao of Qacon Kiizibath wcro discowrcd pushed botn'con the joiet? of the iloor, some' of whioh answered exactly to tho talo aa if tho child oould not write a fin?le lino without making ft blot. Neither iho doinostios at tho Abbey nor tho adjacent viUsucm will hear ono word a?tunst tbo narrative. "I \vi3ii to know tho amount , of lumber re coived at this port annually, from the north," eaid Daaoon tfitob, walkinf; up and down tho sanctum with his oyca on tho carpet. " I wondor whom I had better apply to for tho figure?." "That'tran easy ono," said Mr. Upton, Bmiling goodhumorcdly at his chief's over eight of an obvious souroe of inforinatiotii " Shall I rin? for tho commercial editor ? " " Oh no, no," tho Dorcon exolaimod, mo tioning his obliging subordinate to keep hia scat: "It isn't for tha paper; tho figures aro needed to guido mo in a private investment. I wftut the truth." 