M r ' B ra d d o n D efends H im self* A S E V E R E R E B U K E . During the course of th e no-confidence debate, M r flartnoll made some pointless inane remarks with regard to M r Brad* don's position as leader of the Opposition, : and seemed to imply th a t th at was one of those appointments w hich should be reserved for the native born only. H e. also accused M r Braddon of having tra duoed the colony in an Indian newspaper Afterwards M r W . T. H . Brown took up the same cry, and attributed somo plea* sautries which recently appeared in the London D aily Telegraph to the influence of those letters. M r Brad-on (alluding to the subject in closing the debate) said : When, the hou. member indulges in harmless, point* less sarcasms, when he indulges in the mere rhetoric of a debating society, and even when .he exhibits properly the altitude and gesticulations of some of those diseased semaphores of the State railways of the colony, one may very well hear with him. B u t when that hon. member, who hns never been a member of the Opposition, and who is not a member of ihe Opposition now— M r W .T .lL B row n; I was a membe*. Mr Braddon : £ am not referring to the hon. member for Campbell Town, but to the hon. member for co u th Launceston. (Laughter). 'When th a t hon. member presumes to dispose of th e interna1, economy of thatOpposilion j when he pre* sumes to dictate to us what our nationality shall be and w lw t shall be our birthplace, we m ay Very well tike exception to it. I presume he gets his information from an anonymous libeller in a newspaper, that 1 have written things which practically cast aeper.-ions on the colony, but I say when he charges me ' with all this it is time th a t I threw away tbe rhetoric ot debate and took up the 1 cudgels in my own behalf. (Cheers). As to the leadership of the Opposition, I • have been asked to be ihe leader, and I have accepted that position with many responsibilities, w ith many cares, and with ike necessary anxieties which go with i t ; and I am quite ready to throw , up that charge a t any momeut .when hon. numbers on this side of the House ask me to dc so. I m ust say.that w ith the hon* member for W estbury and the hon. >member forO atlanJs, there has not been on the p ail of either one moments* hesitation in their loyal support of me 6ince they accepted roe as leader, 'ih e action r of the hon. member for W estbury has been as many hon. members have pointed out most generous, I fully admit all ' that, and 1 can't possibly see, when that h on.' gentleman and ’ th e member (or Oallacds have both cordially accepted • my leadership, what earthly ngbt ■ the hon. member for South Launceston has to interfere with it a t all. (Cheers.) As 10 my nationality, I thought that ia ' this colony we all looked upon it as one of our privileges,thatw ew ere Briton*. 1 did not know until I heard it from one of the members for South Launceston that one must be born in a particular atmosphere and a particular latitude and longitude in that atmosphere to enable him to take a seat in this House I f the bon. member followed tb it arguineut to its logical conclusion, he would have us believe that no one would be fit to represent this colony in Parliam ent, except those people whom we haveexterminaicd; not ourselves bi t tho e who have gone b.fore us. I don’t ihink th a t argument is one which is generally accepted in the Hou'C, or the rountiy (M r Birds Hear, hear). I ddn’t think, as Mr Giblin said on various occasions, that the general belief is th at the country ought to be surrounded by a ring fence, and that everybody oat ide that fence ought to ketpoou-ideit, (H ear.hear). Id id n ’tBUp- • uo-e that anybody would argue that this country is at the present moment so ful y ' populated that people should not come • from, outrilc ro td-i to the population (cheers); - and i have yet to learn that it is a disqualification for a man who ” born in Great Britain while his ov children happen to he born in this colony—and iliat is the position of of my children—should not be qualified ' to occupy a seat in the House. (Mr B ird : Hear, hoar.) B u t the moat serious charge brought against me by . the hon. member for Bouih Launccs1 was that "T b e hon. m em ber for W est \- Devon was the very gentleman who had cast censure upon the colony, haddecried it on many occasions, and held this l'arhatnrnt up to ridicule. H e did not mind that in the hon. member in his private capacity." I am really very much obliged to the hon member for not minding it in his private capacity—(cheers and Jauohter),—and acknowledge it with th a t kindness and ■ indulgence wiii-U it deserves, (Loud laughter. “ B ut," be c o n t i n u e s b u t when he occupied the position of leader \- of tlio Opposition, or a fending position on the other side of th e House, these mu8t come up as the ghosts df dm ^ast. and to some extent frighten vim 1" (Renewed laughter ) W ell, I have "hot been frightened—not even at this time of night. (Laughter.) T have written in the course of my time, b u t I never wrote that about the jam , or tb e grandmothers, or something else which is supposed to have inspired M r Gladstone. (Loud laughter.) I have, however, contributed to reviews, magazines, and newspapers, but I don't remember th a t any word which l wrote was set down in malice, or which I would blush to see set before mp pt this present moment. (C heers) I have no doubt th at in w riting a series of inters to an Indian newspaper, to give Anglo-Indian residents there my impres- siota of Ibis' colony during tho first six months that I was herb—And hevfer since — 1 did give some particulars of the country, and I have 'n o reason to blush for any one word that I wrote in those Utters. (H ear,hear.) I had my little joke. (A laugh) I remember th a t at tho time I made a joke about some raspberry vinegar which I had had a t dinner, and that wbr raked up against me by n gentleman, a Tasmanian born, who offered me this hospitality. (Laughter.) Since I have come to know Tasmania, and to know its people, and I have never come to write auout Tasmanian vinegar. . (Laughter.) I have swallowed whole buckets of it and have never said a woid. (Loud laughter.) T he boa. member for Franklin spoke about this as my sin, and seemed fo tifipic I ought to be put on eackploih and ashes About it* Bpforg I had bren in Hobart* before I was acquainted with this House of Parliament or any member of it, before even I had tbe faintest idea th a t I should become a member of it, I look up a newspaper report and m ade some harm ­ less observations upon one portion of one of the debates. I t was very likely that the debate was not accurately reported— sometimes they're not. The other day I was reported to have called tho Minister of Lends a mayor of a parish. (Loud laughter) I'm sure I did not call him a mayor of a parish—(renewed laughter) —and I must have bren misled when I wrote tho letter B ut a f or all have Xnot made expiation, fdil expiation, by e i- pressing in the House m y regret (okeert) that I ever said with th e most harmless intention one single word against the digoity of this House P (Benewcd Olivers.) W ell, sir, is it worthy of anybody outside this house to reprodi.ee now, after eight years., w hat hfti been expiated, what never was a very sinful thing, and w hat might veiy well be for gotten P (Hear, hear.) An attempt yrai made ouring the heat of my chorion in W est JJt- Von to prbduce those lelteri * a,;aiu4 mo, l u i even there tiiSj-gbod senio of the people.resented it anthwafifl , pot barest—(hi’*-, hear) s n d l sly f& l . jt ji not ^ig h t that they should be pro duced as arguments outside the walls of Parliam ent. (Lend oheers.) [Pressure on our spice has compelled us to hold this over until to-day.] 