PORTLAND IN THE OLDEN TIME. (By Beta.) No. VI. In the advertise sent column of the ismue of the Portland Guardian of July 22, 1843, is the following :-" The Australian and New Zealan.d Monthly ?Magazine." rhe motto " The world is my country to do good my religion." The objects of i-s publication a e thus set forth. "The efforts of this publication will bhe directed to the establishment of an extended'and accurate knowledg of 'the natural and commercial advantages of Aus:ralia and New Zealand, so that the surplus-capital and labour of Great Britain may be located upon possessions tecipiocally beneGcial, thereby establishing' fresh markets for the products of home manu facture, and the paths of competency and happiness at the fket of the industrious, while the qmigrant, colonis', shipper, and all persons having relatives or friends in these colonies, will he furnished with the Islatest and most authentic intelligence under the respectire heads of each colony." If the projectors of this literary venture are alive at the present time,` and visited the Colonial Exihiitiori now open in Lon don, and seen the products of colonial manufacture the:e displayed, they must, I am sure, acknowled'ge that the Aus tralian colonists in this respect have treden'close on the heels of the mother country, and proved.themselres worthy of the soil from which tthey sprang. This magazine was published1 !by Smith, Elder and Co., Cornhill, Lodation, ienid ha's,I' have no doubt, been long ago consigned to the limbo of forgotten things. " A land sale at this time was about to take place, and the Guardian is very anxious that the sale should be held at Portland and not Melbourne. " Half the interest," it says, " which is excited in the district on account of the sale would be extinguished on its being declared that the lands would be cffered in any other place than in the chief town in the district. The land will realise a higher price, and a greater quintity will be sold if offered for sale in Portland than if offered in Mel bourne. There can be little doubt that if the inhabitants memoralise the Governor on the subject of the next sale of Portland lands being held in the township, it will at once be granted, a simalar favor having been afforded to laoreton Bay. But this should be done at once, or it will be too late. Nothing short of .memonalistmg well do, but:the means are likely to be' effectual." - In the number of the Guardian, 29th May, we find that by some wonderlnl instinct, and which led eventually to Port land Bay being avoided by the "Levia thians of the deep," the whales had made the discovery that it was a dangerous place for them to frequent. Under the heading "The' Whalers" we.have the following rather disheartniog intelligence. "About fourteen whales on Tuesday last made their appearance in the bay and alter skirting its shores followed by a train of seven boats, and about fifty men, the motion seized the whole shoal of putting out to sea, without suffer ing any of their number to be captured. They consequently made a bolt between the Lawrences and Julians, learing their attendants, alter their hot pursuit, to cool themselves by an easy pull back-ti their former stations. Several occurrences of a similar illnatured kind have taken place during thle week between whales and whalers ; it is said that the former is be coming so well educated in the chase, and is beginning to know by experience what a boat is, as to be easily able to elude the vigilence and defeat the strength of the to former." [Everythingin this worldcomes an end, audio the samenumber of the Guar. dian we are informed in the pathetic words that follow, that the Portland Mercury has come to an end.. "The Portland Mercury and ormanby Advertiser, which about ten months ago was started in Port land by Messrs. Kerr, Thompson, and a Fisher, during the week has given up the ghost. It fairly died, poor thiig, ere it arnived at maturity, a natural death, " But, fortunately, being in skilful hands at the t time of its dissolution, it was made, by an unusual effort, to give birth to an' infant I that bears a strong resemblaice to its t parent ; and by this means Mercury the I flist may have the happiness to perpetuate its departed fame by Mercury the second a few months longer. The stranger, very' onceremoniously, and without any previous c nottee, islintroduced among' the old friends a and subscribers of the former'just as t though it were the identical Mercury of I ten months standing, instead of being a I bran new puhlication with a new imprint c tail, a new body and a' ew date. But t what is most singular, the sole proprietor a has not as yet stated his terms for his i new publication!. The old Mercuar, being defanet, and no terms being mentioned for the new one, although its first number bas been published and has been received, I the obligation of, the subscribers of. the Portland ifercury and Normanby Adver- I tiser ceased the day that the old publics-. tion failed to make its appearance, and the proprietor of the new paper is now I unable by any legal means to oblige any one who is not disposed to continues a Port Fairy R.gister instead of a Nor-.( mnanby Advertiser. We leave the matter I with the public, they must be the best judges of such a work, but we think the attempt to palm a new publication on the people of Portland under the pretext that it is an old one is anything but creditable to the parties concerned. And if we are allowed to offers a hint to any on the matter, we would say pause before you moake yourself liable to support a journal which professes to share its adeocacy of a "port," the aim of whose friends is to I make it the principal purt of the district. a The squatter at this time Reat mad with joy at the untold wealth that" bcilirg t down" opened to their enrsptured gaze.. The Portland Guardiaon is here quoting a from the S?dn'y Ilerald--" If in the middle of lat month any one had ventured to proclaim to suffering colonists of New t Soouth Wales that by the middle of Jane t a discovery would be mnade by which the surplus sheep then unsaleable would t command a steady and permanent market, t a grand staple export second only to the fleece in value and extent bho derived from the almost valueless flocks-and the maximum price of their sheep be enlhanced a more than too per cent, he would have t been laugbed at as an outrageous enthus iast. If, persisting in his prophetic view, he had added that beforre the expiration of s the ensuing month, the butchers, from t whom scarcely two or three shillings a head could be wreng for their fat wethers, would be eagerly offering 7s Gd a head, and that the graziers, emboldened by the splendid disocvery, would, in some in stances, hesisr, and in other srefuse, to sell at that advancre, he would have been pro nounced a downright lunatic. And yet such events have. actually come to pass. Within the space of two or three weeks the circumstances of the colony have -nder . gone a change so complete, so do ichtlul, 'so utterly. undreamt of ,by the most san Sgineof its people, that we can with diffi f culty believe its reality. It seems like a flattering dream,' likeone of those gorgeous visions of the imaginations on which the *:aaeing' f a wand, the ittering of a cabs. listic word ord orthe rublbing of .a lamp, can: transform pebbles ,into go'd, and hovels I into palaces. But it is" not so. - There is no dreaming in ;the matter; all is sober fact. There is no imagination, no enchant ment,. but the simple development of soner truth. Our plains have long been covered with unstspected wceltl. We had at our commanl.inexhaustible sources. of. ffltu ence and proppe:ity, of, which we were utterly nnconscicu . Our flocks have been thoiught useless, .save for the purposes of food and clothing, and which, in theFe respects, had uadergoue.ruinous depreea tion. were all the while possessed of a third value, more stead!y, more certain, more available at any time, and under any cir eumstances than eitheriof the other two. And in the actual discovery of this third value consists that wonderful revolution of out prospects as a community. which is now the rail.ject of unjversal discourse and unnivcrsal admiration." ' f the disco'er. of boiling do'n sheep for tallow canused such lan outhurst pfj jn a this, cin we wonder at t~e madness, the delerijm' that followed the .discovery.:of gold five years and's half afterwards. The Portlond Guardian, in an able articie, treats the subject in a sober; std business like manner. "It is a matter of verygreatand public concern at the outset of this busi ness that the work of procuring tallow from' the carcases of. sheep be carefully attended, to. There will be. doubtless, some art connected with ~ts right manage ment, and it will.bsa pityto send " slosh" for tallow to a market. in-which prejudice a·eainst the artie'e may easily. be created." The article winds up with a word of warn. ing.. "Our second observation' is that sheep owners should ,be cautious not to over-do this undeniably good. thine. Our shrewed correspondent; 'F.E," who well understands what he is, writing about, .has admonished them as to the descriminating judgement they should exercise in culling their flocks., Thea bouttors are already crying shame Upon..wi?at they call this wanton destruction of human toed; but so long as the destruction is confined to what may besurplus stock tlhe reproach will be unjust. There is more, mutton in the. conntry than the population requires ; it is, therefore, a perfectly legitimate applie. tion of the surplus to extract from it that useful'substance with which the Almighty has endowed it, and which, when the flesh is not wanted for.the sustenance of man, constitutes the only value that remains to the carcase. But if the destruction be pushed beyondbthis limit it will become im provilent, wasteful, and even sinful, and bring about a reaction not less painful than the depression from which we are emerging. We would say to the settler then, use the golden opportunity of better ing your circmstances which has no miraculously iurned up-use it thankfully -use it promptly--but ose it advisedly and with moderation. , A. sheep. shorn may live to be shoin -again, but a sheep boiled is gone for ever." This week's number, August 5, under the heading "Whaling" we read—"On Monday the whaling corps of the bay had a brief conflict with a pair of spouters which ended in the capture of both. In the short contest a circumstance occurred which we have not noticed before. It was simply this. Dutton and Hay both fastened about the same time, and the whales of each coming in close contact one with the other, the lines got foul and Dutton's was, in consequence, stranded and his fish, breaking away to his sore annoyance, escaped him. Hay was more successful, and soon killed his fish. Conner, being handy to the escaped whale, and coming fresh to the chase, secured it again before Dutton could get his boat properly under weigh a second time ; but an harpoon belonging to the Messrs. Henty having been found in the whale at his death, by the laws of whaling Dutton was able to claim half of the spoil, which, in the name of the firm, was ac- cordingly awarded him. On Thursday another sharp encounter took place near the Double Corner, between one of the Denmark's boats and two of Messrs. Henty's on the one part, and a bull whale of the other part. Woods fastened to the monster, which, instead of starting off at whales speed, stopped to exercise his flukes on Wood's boat, which, with one clap he cut in two, and revengefully put- ting his antagonist in the same element as himself. Dutton was there, and, with genuine kindness, rescued the Denmark's men; whilst Clarke, another headsman of Messrs. Henty's boats, pursued the wounded monster and served him out for his baseness and would not leave him till he parted his hide and bone with Wood and his crew. The result of the week's work was as follows:—Henty's party— Caught by Robinson, 2 fish ; Caught by Hector Wales, 1 fish ; Caught by Dutton, 2½ fish. Griffith's party—Caught by Stephenson, 1 fish ; Caught by Clements a fish. Garret's party—Caught by Conner, 2½ fish ; Caught by Hay, 1 fish ; Caught by Wood, ½ fish, or 13 altogether—not a bad week's work. In this number we have a word about, "Ourselves." "It iasas flattering a com pliment as cano be paid to our endoeavours, in catering for the public information and benefit, that several of our happiest efforts are attributed to the etalssic pen of the worthy pastor of the Anglican Church in this township, WVe can scarcely wish for any other higher literary praise: indeed supposing that any of our effusions at all were likely to be thought the production of thle Rev. .\r. \silson is so complimen tary to our mean abilities that for .ome time we felt pained to know what was so flatterin; to us must be equally disparaging to :hint gentleman ; and until we receired the assurance that he was regardless of unfounded rumors on the matter, we tsok every opportunity, both publio and private, to remove such an impreesion. This assurance has, however, reliered us from the necessity we felt ourselves under of making a contradrlictiot whenever an imputation of the kind was advancel ; and so long as we are allowed to act under the autihority thus given us, we shall not in the least degree be anxiotit , deny charges so honourable t. Caselveste." (To t'ontnatued% 