Novelist. JOHN ABBERTON. THE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OF THE WORLD. By GROSVENOR BUNSTER. CHAPTER IV.—(Continued). " Of course I do," he retorted, jeeringly. " Think I don't know you, sir, hey ? Better believe I do ! What ! Would yer ?" With this he raised his left hand to ward off the blow he shought I was about to strike him. I countered, and hit him under his jaw with a strength that fairly lifted him off the ground, only to deposit him on his back upon the ' other matters; had taught me boxing and in ' my courio through life 1 havo found it a wry 1 \- Uiotul accomplishment. ' ' , . ; ' . -l However, this heavy youth was no cur., Ha got up, rand" ohaped" in aolomsy eort of' . f aebloi), but : with ouoh energy that ho split hia tight fitting jacket, up tho back. Ho was - '! no match for mo, eo that in tho oorftso of flvo ' : minutes X had giveh::hlm'n"boabtlfalpair of. black ojca ahd a'tap upon hissnubnoso,, : . which did him mord good lhtho'direotiOn of" < phlebotomy than any : aurgeon'o skill could have accomplished with - lanoet or Cupping ' glass. - -"That's enough," aaidho, dolefully, ob tho, -/.-blood streamed fromhls nose. "My word It -hcro'sra precious shirt. , Won't I get it from \- Missus. Oh, no, rather not I ; And won't you. got pison. I .shouldn't say ?so. , "Woll. . And my jaahot'baatod. Goad-bye, Barrraby, my boy. -.You're to let. Tenders invited.. 'Cos -why? Yob'ro- ns good ns, saoked. ' ' Lemons 1 there's tho missus,"- with wbioh ho, slunk into tho shadow of tho wall. .Bat not - a before tho lynx- oyo : of ray worthy aunt bad Been him. Sho-oalted him, in a peremptory manner," and ho obeyod. . A shout. of. laughter \- ' rang- from my lips 08 1 behold him- shufi' in g \- towards tho good lady ; his unwholesome, - .. pasty 'looking faog. besmeared with blood, hiB jaokot split from "stem to etorn," htelong : and crooked logs at last a foottoofar through his trousers Ho looked like a dissipated and , \- - damaged grasshopper, arraigned boforo a court, of his kind. . .. To oay -that horror and indignation woro alternately, reflected on - my ounijs .ooan- . - tonanoo is to Bay -nothing. Tho impression which her looks; her attitndo, her", fixed staro at Barnoby :convoyod to. mo, .waB, that .sho . :.was in evident doubt as - to- whether sho was not -tho victim ofesomo , optical Uluqion. Doubtless, sho considered whether it was really , " posslbla that any person. could havo soout- ; - raged tho sacrod oharaatcr of her domain aa -. to strike ono of , her servants. Slowly ber gazo turned from Barnaby's battered Laos toi mine. .11" was smiliog. and . gonial. ,1 < approaohod doffed nay cop, and bowod to the lady. - . - / " I nm distressed, Madam," said I, "that .owing .-to your servant's ; insolouovl have boon oomnelled to ohastiso him." . . " Then you— you, air, ha70 been guilty of. .Shitfontrago?''.: l. - , , . I smiled; and shrnggod ray ohouldors, nnfl , at this momont my.father, nooompauiod by a dark; fat, heavy-looking gcntlemari in olorioal garb, joined my aunt on tho baloony._/ What is tho matter, my. dear . Ellen V 1 - said tho heavy, olerio, whoru I at once ...' 'identified Bs tko Eav; Mr. Porter.. . ...- 1 - - "Mattor I" oxolaimcd tho lady, i ". Matter . - enough. - A prociouB youth this son of yours,. .. brothor. . Lookatmypog0,Bnrnaby.".- My father did; bo; and burst into ant of, 1 laughter. Nor.was tho Reverend Mr. Porter . . unimpressed -by tho .ludiorCuB : aspeot .of hiB . pnge, who, in . good truth, looked, with his . . swollen eyes,, and pulpy mouth, oi)a dllapi- datod garmontdvory muohlikoadofeatodand. demoralised, dunghill rooster : t . \- To oay that tho lady. was diogutted-is to . liay littlo. , Sho oast ran indignant _ glance at hor husband, and then, muttering Bomo remark under hor breath, etalkod away. : Mr. "'Porter told Barnaby to go. to his room, and , wash bin fseo, nnd X joined my father. i - " Well, master Xaok ," said ho—" this sort of thing won't do,. You nro olioady in nnd disgrace with your aunt." ... "I am very Gorry." I' answered, "but roally Sir, tho follow was moet insolent. .Ho . nulled mo a tramp and mora than hinted that \- 1 wno o, thief." . - .> - _ : " Then," interrupted tho rovorond Mr, Porter, with omphoaio " I oannot blamo you. You nerved him right. Tho foot is, toy wifo spoilB that lout, and between ourselves, I'm not sorry that master co jpegrnoe hero, has taught him a losflon. There goes tho luncheon hell.' With this, ho led (bo way, -white my father : -pinohingmy car, whispered to mo that ho \- . was not augry, bat on tho contrary pleased by tho cpirit I lied ehown. And as liio Good . opinion was all I oared for, I oat down to . lnnshcon in a very happy framo of mind. With my usual audacity I joined readily .'to' tho-' oanversatiou which was somowhat, . slowly earried on by tha seniors at tho tahlo, . X addressed inycoli to my oousiua with easy \- familiarity ; and wau in no oonss deterred from tliia oourao by the efforts they :mado to, oheck mo.- . My aunt . preserved . the ijin» .-frigid domosnour towards mo. Thio e however, . I did not. ofieot to notice. . Indoed, it afforded : mo somo jilcasuro'ta1 ignora her boutomptuous ; hodring Eawuds mo; and.tojnlco ovory oppor. tamty of nddroseing royaclf to her ; in: this X ' "was enoonraged iiy ohserViug that my father' \- took tho cuo, and enjoyed the misohief.:.'. . .. : " Why do you osll that - grave yard a garden, aunt ?" onid I na I' trifled with. tho. leg. of a chiokcn,' Mrs Porter stared; my father griunod, : tho good McPorter looked _ . frlghtcnod, and- tho girls, -gtanood appro; . honsivoly at tholr mothor -Tho High Oharoh .butler liowovcr, turned": ooi Jo- 'to hido a omilo. / My, (aoios woro evidently to bte taste. .. "Xoilli a. garden, littlo bay, because It 'la .a.gordonV at length, anawored my aunt, I laugbpd. : A gardon 1" I oohood, " I counted seven ydaisisoaU of Wbloh werq in atticulo mortfe, o 'debilitated wiyow treo, and'a dozen or bo of dOmoralisedToolung walllffowcrs, A garden; onntt'.' " You are impertinent, little boy," said my; aant vyitlq oijmo irritation, :"I presawo that, wo- may .expeot to: find ouraelvco and our Whole Burro undingo eubjoet to your oritioismt'' : . 'tNay,1.' T answered' doprooatingly, "I did ,f Pt mean to ,offend you aunt. I was iibput to pfoposo .that; you. should permit : me to improve your garden.;. Tho sou Is good,' and although, littlo or no eon rooehoa it, I do not donht that I oonld makj it bloom." ' ' " Come now," oriod tho - good Mr Porter ; " that Is d handBomo oiler, Mrs Porter." ..; "A sprit to catohamookerol" grumbled the Isdy. ",Wa shall sea wbothor deeds follow flno promises. MoanwhUo,- littlo boy I havo not forgived yon- for Jour: assault: upon- my page." ' "I Uas jealous of his favor with you aunt." I answered demurely; Sho ' CPuld cot help joining with tho othcrn in tho langh,whioh 'qllowdd ; 'and in this humor left us. -- : ' /"And now,'! caid Dr Porter, "wo jvill' mspeot tho Cathedral, and then pay onr:Viait. to Dr Wrltfoklq.'Mf we reach tbd sohool by fouro'elook wo'ehalt find him disengaged. ' ! Thltf wo did;1 Havliig. scim ' the" Cathedral and listened to Dr Porter's dissertation there on,' wo ropalred , to .Dr Wrinoklo, whom we found a mook and'oirnahed :unt sort of Utile jgentteman. with a kindly fooe and nervous manndr— ' ono"'ot thoao men who, having married! a stronger nature, at onbe yield up all pcrednolity into her hands, . " My boy," said my fathor,".it BtrikoS me that tho gray, mate is tho bottcr horse. At tho same tlme, thera is no question whioh is the mora worthy; I. liko: tho; Doctor;1 Hb' oomos with na to-night." ; ; 1 . . CHAPTER J, - ' a Minn DnwtBn. The two gentlemen now, oosomponlod us for d. walk throngh the prinoipal streets ol tho town, in tho Oonrso of whfeh wo woro In troduced to several other olorioal gentleman, all mora or less of; the typo of tho Rsva'rend Doctor Porter <5r tho Rovorond , Doctor Wrihflkle. Any body who may havo resided in a Cathedral town In England will romem-' Berithbsa typbs, and will, I am eure, asqnll mo of any exaggeration in my -deseription pi these representatives-'. Olorioal lifo. In. Bueh. towns has boon 'ably dealt with' by tha late Anthony TroUops. lt Is oharaateristte of. English lite, and la seen nowhere else than Id GathodraFaltles. And it bears with it that sound, perfamed spirit :oi conservatism and dainty gontlomanliuess whloh la nowhere else disoovorcd in .the ohnrohos, . savo. in the Church of ;Englanch The 'parsons ' of this rohUrgh mby bb projndlood, prand, and narrow of. thonght, nnd oristooratlo in- their rpoli. tloal opinions; bnt tiioy arwessbntially gentle- mbni ; ;At-leasi tiffs is my oonblnsion, and 31 have had ciobptfonat opportunities of judging. . - The . dobtbrs too, ' noobmpSUied : ns : to ,th». Guild Hall,- over whioh anplent building wej were Shown by the Town Clerk, a gentleman . by tha way, who died not many months ago at, Ballarat. And presently wo returned to Dr. Porter's ronidonae, where .wo partook ol somo slight' refreshment, end where I-loarnod from tbo High Ohurob bntlor that Barnaby, tha pago. hadbeen pnt to bod, and that losohos : -had- been appliod : to his swollon opties. ' : t ..('Whioh I wiU say, sir," rcmarkod the. butler " thoy aro orlul. The ladies in thi kijohon, sir, nro delighted., For if ovor there was n pup as ncodod k!okm',-that thoro Bar naby's one.. But sir, bloss yor, 'tis as much- as: our- plaoos is worth to -say a word agin him ; ; Missuo is -so took np-with the huglj : "himp." - , ' \- . It will , be seen by the reader that I bad created soma XntorosMn the mmds olthos' with.whqm I had aome into oontaot. And this .was what I desired. I- dould novor bear to;romain in tho baakgronnd. . My polioy ha1 over, boon to push myself to tbo front, as I' bolievs. I shall show in tbs oourso of thi-. narrative; . - ' v ..- Bidding Dr. Portor farowoll for tho present, Dr.'.Wrinoklo and my father and mysolf lo(; tho :house, and walked down tho high street. Hbro tho Daotor parted with as. ." You -will bo prompt to half-paat six Dootog?". said my father. . " Remember; n<> apology can exonso a man who keeps a dinner waiting.'! "True, truo. . I ohall bo there to the minute, Captain," and . thon tho littlo mar . walked off, mattering nsidos by tho dozen, " A dcoent littlo gantloman, Jaob," said mv father. " What a pity ono cannot oay a' : mUoh of tbo gontlewoman his wife." ' . " Sho is an ogro," I oriod. "And did yoD SCO her monsteeho, eir?" - "Faith I did, Jaoki thorawasno need for AmiorOGOOpo to dokbat,", Thnnhn yanK tlic bell, andsummonsdtho landlord, Mr. Booker," Mr. Booker was tho vory typo .of on English bonifoca of oldon days. ...His countonnnoe beamed with tho spirit of : hospitality. Ho was stout and hearty, and red of -face, and of : husky voico. Ho looked as/ though :ho had bepn suckled upon rare wines and fod upou roast beef, from hid ; very, advont into this world. He listened to. my fathor'o inntrpo. tions with grave attention. . , , "A dinnor for throe," said ho,: . "Dr. Wyinoklo— an oxcollont and most, learned, gentleman— yourself, sir, and your son. .At half-past six o'olook. You may roly upon mot sir,'! and with a bow and a flonrlsu he left us in'order to porsonolly superintend, tho. pro- peratton of tbo foast. . . ' ; At- oix o'olook. prooisoly camo tho dootor, sorupulously attired in solemn;. blaok,' -and. looking, for nil tho. world, hko a mammy dressed for a funeral.' But ho was- in high spirits; Indeed, ho oohvoyed tho imprceaion , that ho had been lot off his ohaiil in order to enjoy 'a run. His fapoTwoa puokored with1 smiles. Ho laughed.ahd ohuokle.d. Ho quoted Latin moralitioa for my - delectation ; in- a wdrd, ho bohavod vory muoh an bio pupils might havo dqno under similar oironm- stances. . . . . ' „ . At bolt past six o olcok Mr. Bcokor on, nbuncod that dinner was sorved, prsd, wo. oil sat" down to a positive work .of ;arfc. , A dishv- of -oysters prooeded tho feast. Then .caino clear soap, followed. by soma.dcllotens oolcs fried to a turn, with a toatvollona dish,. of stowed eels, Almunch of Woloh mutton cajns ncktwitha oouplo of testy. cntreCs. Somo snipe served on toast, soma capitsl owoeto, to, wliloh, with a youngntor's palato for eugh mdttern, I.'pold particular, attention. .Thoso, rood things, with a uoblo Jeesort, madp up it ; very tolcrahlo dinner. < I do: not know what thi) Dootor.thought of tho matter, but 1 cor- tainly judged from tho expression of- his fnoo that ho wae at onoo doligktod and astonished. An after ocijuaintanoo with tho . doraeotio coonomvof his household explained, to mo that our littlo dinnor roust have beon a rovcla-_ tiontohim. : _ , s » ' ' Woll "said tho Dootor, as ho cat knelt his-ohalr, nnd surreptitiously loosened tlircO. buttons of his waistcoat. " I imiat eortninly sny , my deer Ooplain Abteton, that your bos'. , nitnlity'te overpowe'riog." ; . 1 ; 1 " Au " said the Doctor, qmnokmg Inn hps.;, '„„noMellontwino, albeit Df.Johusou sneered : at'it; Olarot for. boys,-:port for .men, ,lm»: brandy for heroes. IIoUiol Ho was an emphatio psrsonogo truly. . < Wo should have hoard bat littlo of him,- Doctor," onid niy. father, ". bod it not bconfor ; bis toady, Boswoll." !' Positively yon are oonpot,'! roturned tho Doctor, as ho drank oft another hamper. " Boswell's tittle-tattle is.most. entertaining.', . " Try tbeso olives Dootor,'! said my father, and tho little gentlemen courteously accepted tho offer. . Nevor, I think, shall I forgot that wrinkled countenaneo ns its ownor oautiousjy planed an olivo in his mouth. . - Ho. puckered up his qyes, twisted his lips, and expressed in his faos the most arqnlsito - disgust;- It was evident that ojivoa wore not to tbo tasto of tho littlo man; . Howavcrj hq boated that whioh ho had pieced In his mouth, !! Ahem 1 " said ho", ',' really, .riojvi. that was an olivo.. I havo read . of them irt "Virgil, but posltlvoly novor biiyp I bbforo tasted of them. What, now Copjein may.bo yqar lojea of tho ; flavor." .. i "Well," laughed my fathor, !'it tbo truth must be told, tbo imprcBaioi),aonvoyed 'to me when I first ato an olivo was that 'ho' fruit bad beon preserved in what sailors call V bilge- water."- But olives flavor , .pno's ;wino.ioa. mensely,'.' . . . ' iDo .-.thoy, now,?'; 'said , the. . Dootor, dubiously.' "Humph I . Ithink.thqt I prefer tho wino vrithoot the olives,", and' he dipped into.tho olarot again. Ha was 'so, simple, so innocent in. his ways , that really if : was im; ;possibte to oheek.'thb. impnlsh of ; friendship towards him, . And, presontlj'," aatho wino mounted into his head, .ho 'dispiayeOesilra qualities of tha : most bharmi)pg\ kind; " Etb sang us a song, in nliUte, thin, piping .voice, about Chios and Stoph'ron, and so on, with many remarkablo trills and. qnaverlngs: ' Ho told us some littlo sfories. of his early eollege days, when ho . was "a haughly 'boy, sir, and a sad,. jonnpudog." . In a word, ho.mado himself very ogreeabls, andidy father,' whoso1 spirits were" of that elastio. k'ind 'whioh is proof against dullness, nrprisod oven. mq by. his happy- wit . and humor, Ho song soiqo nobte songs, with a.deep,i btritoiiq voieo that' rongkind echoed throngh the long room, and' brought to the door, an admiring audience of waitma and chambermaids., . 1. ;' ? ! ' "Now, Jook,". oaidho, ns. ho flnisbod.'Tho Old Temcrairo.' .Como, boy, Lsf 'Ua have your. song. Sing, ns : oho ot tha ditties Monoiour , Tcndeur taught you," and ho wihkcdknonlhgly; - . Nothing loth, I burst forth wRb Baranger'a "Ze Vin et la Coqiulte" singingiha ditty, with spirit and emphasis, : Tho Dboiorw foes was a study. ; '! Bless my ooul 1" ho said, prerently, turn.r lag to my ' father, whoso syca wcro. dancing, and whoso- lipa trembled from suppressed mirth. " Where did tho lad lcarn sucli a song. "F'enoh . too. Well I'm rusty ' as to French— but still, humph;'.' and ;ho.' shook bis head and drank off another glsea of olaret. ' ..- ' My father leqghed aloud.' '! A, young Acamp,. eh I; Doctor," bo cried. "You must teaoh him to forget his Bohemian odueatlon. I'm afraid that I have sadly ncglcoted him." . ' "Nay, nky," said the Dootor, gravely, hold- Ing up one hand in deprecation. . " I do not think that. Tho !ad is . clover, no doubt; and. .has pioked up many matters whioh perhaps" it - would have been woll ho should not havo learned-- But serious study will soen. bonleh . 'thoro- toys 1 of tenoy,'! and1 again the Dootor. paid oonrt to tho olarot.; Ho hadparsed from; the Sret to tha oeeahd sf ags, and was now as solemn and didaotio as, a few momonts befoioi ! he bad bcon lively: and, volatile'. " ; ' It was nowjiigh Upon ten o'olook and tho < Dootor protested: that he mupt return;::: t;: .1 "A martiod man, sir," he eaid, with soma.. -thing- very liko a .hiooough; :."I must keep . good hours. Bless -mo — what a oingnlor. phenomenon. Will yon: bo kind onongh Capt'cn to . inform' me— inform mo — how msny there are of. you,'! and ha gazed piti- ously-at my father, who barat into daughter. At this momont, tho door was opened sud denly, and Mrsi' Wrinoklo entorsd the room „with . tho. stride of. a grenadier. Without notioiog my. fathor, oho qpproaohed her hue;'- band and seized his collar. " Pretty Goings on, truly, " oho said, " ten . o'olcok and not abed yet," and oho tugged at ' hor bnsband's: coat. The littlo gentleman's imbibition of sound.clarot bad aroused within him that species of valour whioh is known as Dutch oourngo. He afrugglodio lffq foot. Mladnm," said ho;:: " what moans this ansccmly . canduot ? Are" yon aware ; who. I am ; who I am 1" "Oomo along," said the lady, ".who you Bra you -pitlfal, littlo, dried up, BBpless bur Iosquo; upon a man. :>I' should think I did, - Goodnight genllomen. Your hospitality has boon too much for this poor oroaturo," and. with theso words sho gavo a sudden tug and tho littlo Dootor dlsappoarod-with his oaptor ibrongh tho door. My father, shook with, laughter. 1 There, Jaok," said ho, " there yen behold; W illustration, of rttho. influonoo :of Iovoly womnn. - I do not. think that your 'momma- But oomo boy, gqt tohod. You musf seo mo effrto-morrow morning.; Wo shall not ecu. each other for somo- time to oomo,: after wo Btort for the other end of tho'- world, " and' hor .drew mo townrds htm and kissed -mj- cihoek'-1 Myibeait was too full to ankwer him,' When I got to my room It throw, myself :npon. tho: bed ond wept. bitterly.. .A.senso.Of loneliness and desolation seized upon mo 'I folk for tha fiist timo in my lifo, tbo. nttcr miscry of one who wos oboiit to psj t witR his ioe friend. I cried mjeoUXo ejeep. ' fn tbo morning when I awoho, my . father -was standing by, my. bed, ; His oyer. full of" tenderness and solicitation met miaa - be smiled. "Oomo Jack,!' ho cried, "np with; you, I havo only an honr fpr. breakfast pnd to reach tho train,-. Whilo yon drees, I'll havo a litto talk with yoji.,' ' . : . ? I jumped up and. began to dross haetily.' Meanwbilo my father briefly ioBtruatcd mo that I.wos tp write- to him at least oneo a month. Ho gevo mo twenty pounds, ' Of course Jaok,". ho eaid,. " you need not dissipate thia largo fortune. Bht yon will need a little money. An I understand/there arosomoyoungsteraattMssohoolwhosofriond. ship may servo yoa.'Thoro io nothing; my son, which can ho so readily bought as friendship. . Bo dicorcot, therefore, and yon may turn your tv/enty pounds to good profit. At tho ond'of ovory qnartor you shall havo another tip." " Then ho wao'uilenf'citUng by tho Window, looking abroad with that self-contained look which tells that tho iufluonco of hll exterior . matters aro unfelt. Ha yviin very gravo daring breakfast; agd said, but little mora aa wo drovo to tho station. And thon, merely repoatipg his ' injuqctionifito vrrito regularly, bo warmly embraced mo, nnd wo parted,-. : Blind with tbo tears I in vain sought to .oontrol, I made- my way baoR to tho hotel,; ond there,, getting my traps together, drove to Mr, I'orlcr'a habitation. It its gloom had .opproenod mo tho: day before, I felt its influcnoe tenfold to-day. A shudder thrilled me us l walked up tho damp oteps and rang the bell. Tho High Church bntfer admitted mo with a dcforcntial Low. In him I lied oortainly foufad on ally.. CHAPTER VI. . i au coirasp,' ' . :-" Roooivcd with formal coidiality by my nunt omVlicr family, I sat.down to the break fast, which thoy . wcro oarcfal to inform mo thoy hail::doleicd upon my nooount, : After this-.I was shown- to my room,, a ghostly apaitmont,- fairly furnished, however, nnd 'looking out upon, tho Cathedral yard.'; 1 It whs | how nine .o'clock! and; I, hastened;1 tS- Hohbpl! ..'tho dotios of. Which hivtr.'alreatlyjdommonced ' cro.Bartivod. 11 . : ::v " - : : Tho littia dootor looked Dbmqwhhk 'ahnme; faced as I saluted linn, lilt aa I was eajofnl to presorvfi tlio utmost respect in my demeanour townrdn hiui ho nopn bcoamo n't .casoriind.qucationed mo no to my oennh'S- monts. Ho told me that . I must oemmenos forthwith tho otndy of tho olassias, ooneern- fng tho value ot fjvhteh ho was most onthusl-, astio. < " Tho, modern languages my dear. .hoy,", said he, " cOmo afterwards, Tho basis ot an elegant education ore -tho elastics, : AS for : Frenob, ho 'added; with "a. famt smite, !'I om afraid yoU knOW moro than I can toaoh yon." With this ho handedme my books andoon-. ducted ma to my class desk at tho lower end- of tho latgo Uoll whioli served for the sohool- room." I was mortified to And that my alasS-. 'matcswerqlnaU bdsesmy .superiors; and'doteTv: 'mined to do my utmost, to acquire the position , held fofthamont'phrt'by those of !myJewn' age; FillOd with. this resolution, I oonqaored. my CarloBity in respcet to my sshael-fcllowe, and. set' to work with a will to1 master tho inittatiyo steps - of l! Conor's Commontdriea, My momory, wOs exeellont, snd'ss I possessed", (and still poHsensj 'rt saperioi faculty fori eon-: aentraifng my: thought and energies Upon any. subjoot whlon I, took la band, I was quits ready with my losson whoa tha- class was - Colled up. Tho Dttetar was vory phased. . ' "I no, ".I sea " said he, " you nnd I wiH get slang together," and he patted my head. , At twelvo o'olook tha work ceased for two ' hours nnd Wo we were, released. . With.. O . rush the boys' passed into the play.groand whither I followed them. I was instantly 'sar-' ronnded."'.1 ' : ."H6w old arayon, yokel," asked a big hulk ing fellowwiththo visngo of a Cowboy'.. - . " What's you dad ginger," inquiredanother referring to ths'auburn tint of my hair. " Let as cob him. Fino or cob, fino oreobs, and tho ory was takon np as. half a dozon of the bigger boys soizod ' mo and throip kno on tbo ground. : ' ' " Now 'now boy, B&id; tbo big fellow to whom I havo roferredj as ho prooecded. ln obmmon with otbors to tie hard riots' in his hand- - kerohlef. It is'the custom of this' sohool to Initiate ovary oomor into tho myetorios ond cbremonles of the guild. Yon have the option, of bnylog off, you know," and' ho stood over' ma -ready to strikoi I was furious, 'and sotting my teoth swore that I would havo a mighty revonge. ; " " Tarn him on hb faos lads," cried the big fellow, and ina trios I wao'set with;my toco to tho gravol. Thon at a given signal,- eeeh bOy struck mo with hb p'oekct handkerehbf, ahanting the whilo. ' ; '"New boy, new boy, why has ho oomo tc us? Cob him, cob him, pugnit et calclbiu. Bo ho'll leorn, so hofll loam doeenSo deelmu ; Let him know, that wo rule, propria qua mart- ivt, ; It was with tho greatest difiloulty that I controlled my erics, far tho pain, was intense. At last, however, my flogging ceased end 'my, oaptora sprang aside. I leaped to my feat, and withont more ado walkod np to: the big, bally who was tho ringleader In my torture, and struok him with my heat strength straight hetweonthOoyos. For my ogc, I won vory1 powerful and in this caso rego ond paiu'leht' mo oddod.forco: Tho huffy droppedupen the ground, etiinned and insepoible. - ' ' 11 Now, "ssiid I as I brushed tho dust from my olothing; " yoa". fellows baVo 'got'hold of 'tho wroiigplghy tho eathb time. Till thrasH youoneby onoboforoamonthiobut,"and with tbbl walked off. "As I left I turncd'my h'qiid toqtiservd ihaf my bully bad'erisen and' was being qppported into the house 'by sehld ofhb oomrades. ' 'IWellMasterAbbertbh;" saldthoBevorehd' Mr. Fortef bb wo oat down to Ipnahcoq, " and how did- you get on to-day. :, > : " Very fairly,". I anawored, as I disposed of a Blids ot ham; " flir I :had : to. thrash- one .bully, -and, I supposo will have to deal with tho lot.". - ' My auhk looked at ms, sghsst. ' ' " I'm ntraid littlo boy (sho uecd this phraso to take mo down s peg;) that yourduppsition for flghtlng will bring :yob into iroublo;. Yon had not boon' in- Exotcr 1 on hour cro yoa blackened Barnaby's byes, so tbsi ho is now unpresentable." ' / "Ifonoy,1! said I, "that my friend tho' bully is in a similar fix by; this timo. The foot is madam, I do not choose to bo ineulted . or imposed upon'," ;: " In your journoy through' life," remarked tbo- reverend Mr; Fetter, oentcntianely, you will find I think,' Xhatyou muot.put np with many ibsultk many '.impositions.'. . : ,">'1 don't think- 1 shall," I' anawored; "nnless indeed it ehonld bo expedient to do so. May I trouble yoa lor another shoo of ham." I saw the girls fflsnco ot oaoh other, as the reverend Mr. Fortar first stsriug inorodulonely at mo, proocedcdto oat me a mlnuto slioa of ham. ' 1 ' " Thanks". sald I, : " another slice pleose. Sohool work mokes a follow hungry/' . ' ' > : Tha'ghost of a gravo smile was to bo scen fpr o mqment upon tho High Church' butter's countenance, as ho handed mo my plate j nnd X.waS not dlopleaBcd to nolo that Lilian tho yonngept and falreat of my, cousins, was: As for my ount ao : Btored-at mo haughtily; I met her gezo. , ' "-XThat'is it madam,'.' I asked. - ,. '!I was thinking, little boy,"- Bhe answered with o. fjo.wn, !1 that nowadnyB ohUdren are wondeifdlly'Impadenb." : 1 -i ' "Yon 'era,. right, , madam," I nnaweredr . " though why the thought ehonld have aoosed y on to etaih eo at me, I do not understand;'' "Then you have tefla wft thaU I give you oroditfpr," oho replied. . "Possibly, madam;" waa my nnBwer,'!'! doubt-not bowovor, -that my reoidonoo here' will, sarvo to eharponit, But aa -to your" judicious - observation, oonoerning ths .impu- donee ot tha modern boy, I quite egreo witb you. Ho ' id ou' eudaoious young onb;1 But : :havo'-- .yon.not-v considered, -v:-my- deor lady;-that , the - oaiioo of bis ' impudence may be ttae6d to his natnrel' rebellion against tha tyranny of his elders;-. Positively it ib!so.' TfaOtqodemboy objOetS'to bo ennbbod. In his revolt bo porhapa goes to .extrpmes, ond so onnbs thoao tvho ennb him. - It Is' a mero matter otretaliatton."' ; 1 . It Is impossible to convey -any idea of the oppression of the reverend-Mr.: Porter's fsoo aa 'I delivered' this littlo - aadross; Always" hoavy ohdptupid of aapcqb liie vissgo now ox-',; presspdlthb utter 'bowildotmbht cud .oonBtor;' nation .of its Owner.1 Ho'Beiiffown hia- knife ' and fork nnd gazed at me. Aa lor my Aunt, lioi- frown grew darker en uha eliarply rejoined, "YonXalk too muoh, Bir, for n' little hoy;: Children should listen, not cp;ak.". -> \- "Nay," Ilaughed, "my tongue muet svag, AndlnUpposo, aunt, that I-om an impadept1 fellow. The Spanish- saying 'doubtless ap plies to mo ; "Poia barba jlota Of rquenza" and I drank my small beer with an au!. ' "And what'mdy that mcaa 'yonng :Hir,'i ealdmy rovorond 'host, .at- last finding hie r tongue, i ' "Little beard littlo ehamo;" I laughed, as ? I glaaood at Lilian, whoso; blue oyeo worC. denoing. ' : " Then,", said my nnnt vocomously, .!' tho BQonor your board grows tho better' for your . modesty." '' Andwith Ibis Parthian ohot oho arose. I flow to tho daor, opened it and oo eho passed out bowed to tho ground. It was evident 'that- our - relations. > waro ccarceiy otnpeaoolul ohnractor.. ' When she had gone with her brood, tho reverend Mr. Porter callod mo to him. "Have a glass nf.'wino. tny hoy ,'V said ho. " And. I. like yhn .none tho leas for your impndoueo," pnd the reverend KontiouCaU' ohnokod. '"to loll you the truth, ho addod,1 " ypd are tho first who 5,i>s ever lru the oourogoto taoklo her;j.;I(.seonia'a Otrango thing. for tho master -of. the hoiiso to- say;1' MastCJi'AbberjOii) hut iho'tact'is'Uiy; wite.is ft!, ti'illo ovomonrmg. lu short) I dan't liko lier - toropev," "And co," I lnughed, you rather enjoy tho opcotaclo of Another's rcboffiun cgainst' tho lady's eccentricities.:'. 1 . > (To be cfifftmiciU ' 