AT THE ENCAMPMENT. Gunner Featherbedd's Adventures. IT was Friday night ill camp, and there I lay upon my bed, And my feet were like two icicles, or colder than the dead, And the rain came down in torrents and from the tent on high A constant stream descended and it squirted in my eye. So I shifted my position, but I got it in the car, Then I moved and I received it on the flank and in the rear. But my martial soul was fearless and I said a drop of rain Could not damp the courage in me, so I muttered, *' let it drain,' And it drained and rained prodigious till my bed began to float, And I cruised about the tent intent on clinging to my boat. But I came to anchor suddenly against an upright pole, And there my bed or boat and I. began to rock or roll. Then I thought about my mother and my cosy bed at home, And I wondered why the dickens did I ever, ever roam, Why ever did I wander from the buttered toast and tea, And the bit of tripe for supper that my ma would have for me, Then I thought of Nellie Brighteye, till I wept in my despair, And I heard my teardrops splashing in thc ocean round me there. Then my teeth began to chatter and the toothache next began And the Rheumatism's fingers o'er my sinews madly ran And my skull began to throb with pain, and I shivered like a leaf, And I said, ' One volunteer, at least, will shortly come to grief." But nature grew exhausted, and then sleep crept over me, And I slumbered on my boat or bed upon that stormy sea. But shortly I was wakened by a sound, and such a sound ! Why, it stilled the waves beneath me and it filled the welken round. Then I shouted to my comrades, " up the foe is on our shore," But a soldier muttered sadly, " It's George Allan's precious snore," And it sounded like the billows when they roar upon the beach, Then another nasal organ helped to swell the mighty screech. And another hero murmured, " Now all slumber is in vain, For the concert will continue as Joe Rogers swells the strain " And they snored and roared and bellowed with their noses till I thought There was never heard such thunder in the greatest battle fought. Then another, and another, and another joined the roar, And another and another till at last a blessed score Heaved a sea of snores around me, and, you really may suppose, Though I'm musical, I didn't like the concert of that nose. But the blessed mortals slumbered and they snorted loud and gay, As if they slept the better for the deluge where they lay, But my bones were aching madly, and I shivered in my shirt, And at last, I said, "By Mars I'll just get up ami I'll desert," Then I waded through the water, but I could not find my clothes, Everything on which I put my hand was some resounding nose, And then I grew alarmed, and I said, " I plainly see There is nothing but proboscis in this blessed tent with me." Then they seemed to snore more loudly than when they first began, As if they knew my thoughts and said, or snored, " You're right, old man." Well, an angel in the likeness of a volunteer came nigh, And in a music-voice he says, " Hey, comrade, are you dry ?" No," I answered, with a chatter, " I am more than cold and wet." Then he says, " Here, take a go at this, and all your cares forget." Then I knew that blessed augel was no less than Gunner White, The out and out blue ribboner and steadfast j Rechabite ; And I took "a go at this," and found that I was drinking gin, Which made a wave of happiness surge sweetly through my skin. And though the nasal organs round played on their snoring tune, I fell into a happy sleep, or most delicious swoon. But even then I heard the strain of Georgey Allan's nose, Like a distant boom of thunder, or a tempest's rising blows; Then it changed into a whistle, and it roused me from my sleep, And I gathered up my clothes aud dressed, then waded from that deep. Well, I don't know where I wandered on, or where my steps were bent, But I found myself at last within a very splendid tent. A bed was in the corner, so I stripped and went to bed, nd in a lovely slumber all my thoughts of camping fled, How long'my sleep'continued I'm not able now to tell, But a most unkindly shaking broke my happy slumber-spell, So I started from my slumber deep, and when 1 did I spied Another bed-companion growling fiercely by my side. Then I says to him politely, "Who the dickens may you be ?" Then he answered with a blessing, "I'm His x. 1. and see. Out of tins you go instanter !' And he threw mo out like dirt, Without a garment on me but my stockings and my shirt So I wandered through the camp until a soldier at his post Saw me, when he dropped his rifle and retreated shouting, " ghost. And the guard turned out like heroes, but when they saw me they Turned in again most rapidly, and so I got away. At length by some good fortune my former tent I found, And I reckoned by the snoring that the heroes slept profound, So, very nice and silently into the tent I goes, And I prigged the blessed bottle and my friend George Allan's clothes. So I dressed and took a drop of gin, then bravely crept away, Thinking, " What, when he awakens, will George Allan do or say?" But since, I've been informed, that the gallant soldier threw A martial cloak around him, so went forth to fight and slew. However, from the " tented field" I made my way at last The Rechabitish cordial disappearing very fast; But I don't know where I wandered, but I know I went astray. And at last I found myself at home, but in a shocking way. With blisters big as pancakes on my insteps, heels and toes, And bruises large as pumpkins on my brows and eyes and nose. Indeed, my head was bigger than two reasonable heads, And George Allan's regimentals were nice regimental shreds. You ask me my opinion, sir, of living in a camp, Well, I will give it fully in four words—" cold, damp, and cramp." And if upon the mimic field of battle you would roam, Why don't, but read about it at your blazing hearth at home. GUNNER FEATHERBEDD, St. Kilda Artillery. 