' Parasites.' (Sydney Globe.) This is the term that Emilie Castelar, the great Spanish orator, applies to the Germanie families, which, 'like inferior creatures who take possession of superior organisms in a state of decline,' attach themselves to the dynasties of Europe. Britain, Russia, Italy, Spain, Portugal, are either ruled by Germans, or else the reigning families are Germanising them selves. This fact might, of course, be quoted as a sign of the superior wisdom and state-craft of the Teutonic race, but Castelar has a different theory. It is that when tbe monarchy in a country ib losing vitality, the native dynasty will fail, and recourse must be perforce had to the ever extensive stock of German prince) eta. However, this may be, it is certain that simultaneously with the appearance of many signs that tho monarchy aud aris tocracy of England are in peril, tbe in cursion into the devoted mother country of Germanie parasitus is becoming a more frequent occurrence. The newest Ger manic arrival at Windsor Castle (if we except 'Princess Beatrice's baby) is a younger brother of Princess Beatrice's husband. His name and title is Prince Francis of Battenbu rg. The precise quan tity of the baggage be had when be ar rived is not stated, but it was probably little more than tlie proverbial paper collar and toothbrush, as tbe young man's nominal income in bis own land is only a moiety of the salary of a bank clerk in a Byilney suburb. Apart from tbe amount tbe bank clerk ?would have ' tbe pull ' of the Parasite, as tbe former draws his salary with regularity, and the latter when he can— which iB seldom. The Parasite, it is needless to say, is to bave a billet fouud j'or him. He is to serve as husband to the Princess Irene of Hesse. He will also' be, we may be sure, quartered ou tbe long-suffering British nation as Honorary Shoeblack or Penny Whistle Blower to the Household, or some such onerous post. Doubtless, also, be will he prayed for once a week in that comprehensive supplication in the liturgy for the well being of the Royal Family, a prayer which, by the way, is apparently never answered, if we are to judge by the virtues ah.d godliness of its members. For our own part, we are inclined to add another clause to that prayer. We would gay ; May heaven help the Battenbergs and all the otter Parasites when the Englishman's Reign of Terroronce comes along. And it is coming. An American young man returned home a few days ago from a trip to Colorado for his health, ana in narrating his adventures he told about buying a silver mine for 3,000 dol lars. ' I knew they' rope you in,' exclaimed the old man. ' So you were ass enough to btoy a humbug mine?' 'Yes, but I didn't lose anything. I formed a company and sold hall the stock to a Connecticut man for 7,000 dollars.' ' Y — you did?' gasped the old man, as 'he turned white; 'I'll bet I'm the one Who bought it.' ' I know you are,' coolly observed the young man, as lie crossed his legs and tried to appear very much at home. 'IwooKD and she wouldn't,' the young iman replied, when asked as to why he did not anarry his girL WoMAN'sSPUEUE — There are lew men now tio henightd as to believethat woman's mission ?can be summed up in Shakespeare's words : To .Buckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet ft woman is none tbe worse for knowing bow to bake bread or make a custard, and in botShi^e little arts Kheifl greatly assisted by Alecsrs.fiorwick & Sons, who, for her conveni ence, have produced their celebrated ' Raking Powder' and Gold Mirdal ' CuBtard Powder.** With the former article the most palatable bread, cakes, and pastry can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble, whilst, with the latter, she iB independent of :the domestic hen, and can make the most delicioui custards, blanc-mangee, 4cc;f at half the usual time. T&obzlike; ! — Fob thb Teeth and Bbb \th —A few drops of tho liquid 14 Flonline'' sprinkled on a wet tooth- brush produces a pleBMDt lather, which thoroughly e'eantee the tteth'from all parasites or impurities, hardens tbeguoop, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives 'o the teeth a peculiar penrlj-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance l-» tbe breath. It removes allnnpleafcant odour nruiog from HecaTed teeth ? or tobacco smoke, *l The Fragrant Floriline,'1 being c^m^oeed in i-art of Horn y and swent herbs, -s; delicious to the ta^tn, ;»nd the greatest toilet discov-ry of tne ape. Prim 2*. 6d., of all 'Chemists aad Perm more. Wholesale: depot 33, Farrlngdon Rn*d, London. GHOBTS. — An attempt is kieing made in the old country to revive the belief in visitant from another world, nnd many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of the journals, Tbe ^ optical mind is, however, inclined to adopt gg woge'fl remark to Marley's ghost : ' How d6 I kL that y°n are not a kit of undigested breath' ^or» °' tho ghoBt producers, a bitof «i heav ▼' bread Is the most potent. It is a won* der t^te/ore, ^afc p®°ple do not adopt the surest Bpt'U i*g&inb;*£ ghosts by using Borwick's ?'Gold Meda l IfrWng Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't u i7«Be ghosts, it tottt raise bread in the mosfc au.*uii#olo . , 0D: Every , wise storekeeper haB it by *'m» aDd very good bou tewiae buy* it* Advice to 1 Iothe 3— Are you broken ix5 youi rest by a si ck child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of IIbs. Winslow's Soothing Sybup. It will i'elive the poor sufferer im mediately. It is ptirfectiy harmless and pleas ant to taste, it'proc\uceB natural, quiet sleep, by relieving thechiliA from pain, and the little eherab awakes 'as i wiglit as a button,' It sothes the child, it sof^nB the gums, allays all .pain* relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the beBt known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other. causes i Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup s sold by 'Medicine dealers everywhere at Is ld.per'j-rt'le. . Valuable Discovery fob thb Haib -—I (j0ur. hsur is turning grevor white, «»r falling .off, use *? The. Mexiniu Hair Renewer,' for it' iM posityoety restore m every case Grey or I Whtip hairp- ite OTigioni colour, without leav ingthe disagreeable smell of roost ' Restorers.' ''Itmakes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well ?U6 .promoting the growth o* ibe b*»ir i n bald ,^pot8, where the ela«riR nr» not decived. Ask your Chemist for 4 The Mwxican H&jb; ^e VBWBB sold by Obcmis'S and P'rfumpr? everywhere at 8s, 6d. per Bottle. depot 88, Zkrrinfdoa Botd, London. 