j THE r. Jt.C. SPRIN G 'MEETING, fBT ELECTRIC TELEURAPH1 I (rROU OUR OWN tJOHRESPONDENT ) Melboukne. Saturdav. The first, or Derby, day's racing; which opens the racing carnival in connection with the annual Spring Meeting of the Victorian Hacing Olub, at Flemington, took place to day, and was in every respects a most suc cessful day's sport. There was an immense concourse of people, and the various stands and accommodations of the club <rere tested to a rery full extent. The racing was successfully inaugurated, and the contest for leading position in the Mel bourne Stakes betweud Boolku and Isonomy put everyone in good spirits. His Excellency Sir Henry Loch, Governor of Victoria ; Lord Catrington, Governor of New Soutli Wales ; Sir George Strachain, Governor of Tasmania 5 and Sir William Robinson, Governor of Soutli Australia, together with their respec tive suites, were present, and as the vice regal box contained Admiral Tryon and many naval and military officers, the scene was quite an animated on**. The lawn was in excellent condition, and the cost utnes of the ladies varied and beautiful. The hill was extensively'patronised, and tlie new arrange ments for visitors'coiufot ts much admired. On the Hat an immense concourse of people were stationed. The results and details of the different events are given as under :— MELBOURNE STAKES. A Sweepstakes of 5 sovs each 1 ft. with 300 added. One mile and a quartor. -Isonomy ... ... (Qniun) 1 Boolka ... ... (Olds) 2 Bravo ••• ... (Gallagher) 3 The following also started:— Sheet Anchor, Graco Darling, Industry, Monotti, Lord Willi mi, Tamarisk, and Crossfire. Betting—3 to 1 against Isonomy. There were two or three breaks away, Boolka ffas the first to show definitely in front, followed dy Isonomy, William Tell, Menotti, Crossfire, and Tamarisk. At the bend Sheet Anchor held a slight load of Tsonomy. Half way up the straight Isonomy had seemingly disposed of everything, but Boolka then crept on the rails and caught him. Isonomy got his head in front again, but Boolka answering gamely every call which Olds made upon him, struggled de sperately and got level again, and as the two passed the judge's box their noseB were level, j and he gave it a dead heat Bravo was I third, three lengths off. | Time—2min lU^aec. Ihe dcat ho.it between Isonomy and Boolkn was run off at the close of tho races when Iaonomy won easily by eleven lengths. HOTHAM HANDKUP. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs eaoh, 1ft, with 300 added. One mile and a half and a dis tance. Claptrap (Ramage) 1 • Hexham (Huxley) 2 Lancor ... ... (Smith) 3 The other starters vrero Ringmaster, Silver King, First Prince, Lesbia, Remus, Siilvo, Gonoe, The Ponoil, and Fish-o'-Silvcr. Betting : 3 to 1 against Hexham; G to 1 against First Prinoo, 8 to 1 against Olaptrap, 10 to 1 against Lantwr. THE MAH1BY1VNOKO PLATE, Of 30 sovs. each, with 1,000 added. For two year-olds ; second, 300 sovs. ; and third 200 sovs, Five furlongs. Hortense ... , ... 1 Hunting Tower ... • ... ' « ' 2 Bedouin ...' ... 3 Hortense came to the front in the straight, and won cleverly by a short length. Time, 2min. 47Asccs. Other starters—Ma'umna, Essex, Albert, Loddon, Escutcheon, Jebusiie, Loyalist, Aberdeen, Perhaps, Misletoe, Fancy Free, Eckersly, Experience, Lav#, Ocean, and Mornnda. Betting—3 to 1 Perhaps, Lava, Hortense, and Misletoe. Of 2u Bova. each, With 050 added ; sccond, 100 save., and tli rd 50 son. One mile and a Imlf. Trident ... 1 Ohesham ... 2 Agloas ... ... ... ... 3 Volcano led to tho turn, then Chesham ran to tho front, and the .favorite appeared bocween, but came lo tho front in the straight. Hales rode hard, and passing Ohesham, won by over two lengths The third horse was 20 lengths away. The time was the fastest on rouovd, being 2min. 39jtsecs. This is faator time than was done by Martini-Henri. The winner was invescud with tho blue ribbon, and paraded orr the lawn. Other atariors-First Consul, Kingfish, Volcano, and Maddolina. Botting—2 to 1 Trident j 5 to 1 against Maddelinn ; 10 to 1 against Volcano 12 to 1 against Chtsham. SRLLINQ RAOE, Of 5 sovs. each, with 150 added. Seven furlongs. Huron ... 1 The Ghost .;. ... ... 2 Stafford ... ... .. ... 3 Won by a length. Betting was even on The Ghost. Time, lmin, 29see». There wore oight started altogether, COBCllO STAKES, Of 5 sovs each with 200 added. One mile and a quarter. \ Daysttr ... ... ... 1 St John ,M ... ... 2 Hogmanay u ... ... 3 Twenty started. Dayjtar won by »length. Time lmin 57i ioci.JJBstting—5 t»4»gaimt The|Gho»t only. 