THE LEAGUE OF NORTH AND SOUTH/ A CHAPTER OF IRISH 1850-1854. HISTORY CHAPTER X.—{Continued.) By SIB C. GAVAJ5T DUFFY, K.C.M.G. I bead this letter with something like consternation. Tbe desertion of which he complained moved my anger aB deeply as his own. But I differed from him as to the line of duty which this disaster prescribed. I could not admit that he was "completely absolved from any obligation to anybody else in the business." Some of tis had not deserted him, or failed to do anything which we undertook. Some of us bad staked the peace and happiness of life on the issue as unequivocally as be had. I wrote immediately to say that I held fast by the policy we bad jointly announced at Callan, and which be had repeated at Propaganda and in his interview with the Pope—that if the new discipline could not be restrained by authority, we would retire from Parliament and leave the Whig bishops nakedly responsible for tbe failure of the people's cause. We could not succeed without the patriot priests, and I was not disposed to oooupy a position where we would be merely a convenient Bcreen for the Castle bishops. If be continued in Parliament to promote certain Catholic interests, as I surmised was bis purpose, that was a design in which I, at any rate, would not engage. I entered the League and the House of Commons to preserve the Irish people from extermination, in tbe hope that they might afterwards be able to regain their national rights, and no other purpose, however good in itself, would be a substitute for this one. I was still of opinion that, if his mission had failed, we ought immediately to resign our seats. In his reply Lucas contended that the time had not come for a decision; but though I continued of opinion that the time had come, and that postponement would rob tbe transaction of cbaraoter and significance, I postponed further controversy till his return from Bome.f It is probable that he did not determine his oourse at tbe moment, but he pondered more aiid more on tbe duty of concentrating himself on Catholic affairs. He served the Irish people as a nation persecuted for the Faith, and he would have gone to the ends of the earth to fight the Batne battle, wherever the need was manifest. But the duty did not present itself to him under any allusion; it was a lonal campaign in the great war which the Church maintained against her enemies, human and superhuman, and he was able to look with imperturbability on reverses whioh made the heart heavy in the breasts of some of his associates. Constant labour and anxiety, and the climate of Home since the southern beat bad set in, tried his health seriously. He was suffering from asthma, bronchitis, and the sleeplessness which a brain disturbed with overwork or care rarely escapes, His personal interests and duties were postponed to the task he had under* taken, but their ghosts could not always be laid ; and though be was careful to assure bis wife that his health was reasonably good, he sometimes forgot, I fear, in the absorbing interests of his mission, preoautioDS without which no one is long well. His complete neglect of the Tablet wonld have been fatal to any journal leBB rooted in the confidence of its readers. He had zealous help indeed. On the eve of his departure, a friend on whom he counted for directing its policy during his absence on such questions as arose from day to-day, sbrank from the attempt of " bending the bow of Ulysses." At the last moment he appealed to a young priest among his constituents to do him this great service. Dr. Tormey had won distinction in Maynooth as a Dunboyne student, and, since he had been on the mission, was known for discourses of striking vigour and freshness, and was more than suspected of glowing verses iu the Nation. Though he was a hardworked professor, in a diocesan college, he promptly undertook the new duties, and performed them with signal success. In his correspondence home Lucas expresses his gratitude over and over again to Fr. Tormey, and Mr. Michael Dwyer, * Published by special arrangements with the Author, t Lucas' reply on tho cardinal point was in these terms:—'"I hope to be liomc iu time to consult with you and others about the course to be taken. My inclination is to moke It a matter of common deliberation, and to act with you at nil events, and with those friends out ,ot Parliament whose opinion we jointly value. I take it that in Parliament nobody thinks of retiring but ourselves." the assistant editor, for maintaining the spirit of the paper so effectually; and to Mr. O'Byrne, wbo had entire control of the business department. They watched over his interests as men commonly watch over their own. But the individuality of a great writer is tbe soul of hiB journal, and no zeal or ability can compensate for its absence. His letters home are very touching; they vibrate with the passion of a strong, tender man, uttering the inmost feelings of bis heart. " I am ever thinking (he wrote to bis wife) of my poor, dear little Angy (his son Angelo, now Rev. Angelo Lucas), and it adds to my troubles and anxieties that I fear some day when he grows older he may look back to this very time when I am hazarding everything for what I believe to be my duty, and may reproaoh me in his own 'mind for having, in pursuit of a vain endeavour, thrown away his interests and neglected my duty to him. The fear that this may happen, and the thought that this may be in some degree true, are often very bitter to me. Poor, dear boy I I love him as my own soul. I sit and think of him and you almost for hours together sometimes; and I pray God, if it be His will, to remove this burden from me and to take me out of public life. I hope you won't think from this that I am very down-hearted. On the contrary, I am, on the whole, very cheerful and very ready to do the work in hand; but these thoughts come over me sometimes, and then I yearn with an inpxpressible desire to get back to my wife and child." Of personal discomfort he rarely uttered a complaint. In March he wrote to his friend Dr. Whitty, Provost of Westminster:— "I am now for the first day in my more comfortable and expansive lodgings. They look out very pleasantly over cbimney-pots and tiles, from the 3tio piano of 124 Via di Due Mecelli on to tbe upper part of tbe palace and gardens of the Qairinal; and up to this hour, half-past two o'clock, the sun is on the bedroom, and it is very warm. . . . . I am very well, and the weather heavenly," In April he assured his wife that he continued well under circumstances which would have justified grave alarm. "My health, thank God, is pretty good. I lost the bronchitis at first. Afterwards great perspirations in the day, and the cold, damp evenings brought it back. The laBt few days I have been taking less exercise and labour, and am better, but my liver is a little out of order. However, even of tbat I am better, and by moderation, abstinence, and ease find myself very well, thank God." The slow process of collecting facts and carefully authenticating them, to that nothing might be presented to the Pope wbioh waB not ascertained to be true, was a trying labour. His correspondence for this purpose was immense ; and tbe slow, irregular post between Dublin and Borne doubled the toil. The memorial was gradually extending to a volume. In April he bad written " aB much sb four or five long articles in the Dublin Review," and hi» work was far from being finished. There were still three or four chapters to write, but he expected to have them out of hands early in May. "Suppose them done (he wrote towards the end of April) the Viee-Bector of the English College, Fr. Morris (a very warm friend, and very capable) will then revise them. We shall then take them to my avoeat to revise and advise about. When my avocat shall have revised it, and the text is settled, the translation has then to be finished, but tbe translator .works more slowly than I have done. Then it has to be presented, and then I have to wait to see if explanations|are required."* In May, Moosignore Talbot, Monsignore Kyne, and all the friendly Irish bishops had left Borne, the beat was intolerable, and he was still fagging at his task. At the beginning of the month he wrote to Dr. Whitty :— "I am getting regularly home-siok, God help me. I suppose Borne ought to be good enough for me, but week springs up after week, and I seem to get at a frightful distance from home. I would •Not only Dr. Morris, but the professors generally of the English College were friendly to his mission, while those of the Irish College were hostile. It may be noted here that Lucas was charged by. certain priests of the Diocese of Blphin with a complaint to Propaganda against tbeir bishops, Lucas told them in reply " Dr Brown is fully understood in Borne to be, from age and inflimity, incapable of managing bis diosese; his acts are not approved, and he has^received from the Holy See, ' a hundred times,' hints and suggestions to resign his bishopric, upon which he has not thought proper to aot. Great difficulty is felt about proceeding to extremities with htm ; but I venture to say tbat, to be relieved from your present intolerable condition, your best course is great patience, and care to send to Home well-aothenicatea statements of every misuse of power that takes place in your diocese." . _ • v This was the bishop who patronised Mr. Jteogn in 1868, and who had gone to Conciliation Hnlim 1846 to denounce the Young Irelandera as baa Catholits. almost give up the whole case to «.t fairly out of Borne. However, I wJf» please God; but, as Sam Slick aa« " cling to it like grim death to a nigger." ^ By the middle of May the work completed, except a summing up he thought of adding, to point the moral The state of his health, which hadbeeoms more and more troublesome, the desire to take part in a debate on Maynooth. fi«d for the olose of the month, and, above all, doubtless, an anxiety to join his and ohild, determined him to return home, leaving the bulk of tbe memorial in course of translation, and carrying » few chapters with him for further review He was content with it as an array of facts. " Clearness And intelligibility," h 9 said, "are the only merits I aspire'to" But he promised that it would he at anv rate " an Easy Lesson in Irish politics • the first Hornbook for beginners." Jb my thinking it would be difficult to ex. traot from the aroana of States a document written under a profound® determination to be just and veracious and not for any motive to hide away essential truths, than that great Btate paper. It is almost bb rich in guiding wisdom and profound knowledge of affairs as the counsels of Edmund Bnrke to the same people. Much of it is written with merciless plainness of statement which can only be justified by the integrity of his motives and tbe importance of the end in view. While it wai written his life was ebbing away, and he cannot but have felt at times that he was bearing bis testimony like a martyr at the stake. Before it was completed he was called on to prepare for death. On his deathbed he saw nothing to.withdraw or mitigate ; and this circumstance contributes to give tbe document its overmastering force. An Irish Catholic, bred in submission to ecclesiastical authority more profound than exists iu any Catholic country in Europe, would probably have touched these Rores with a more timid band ; but the Englishman carried into his new connection tbe same pervading sense of his Imperial citiz-nship which clung to St. Paul under kindred circumstances He had looked at the Church from without before he came to look at it from within, and wu a fearless critic wherever he believed criticism to be a duty. Towards the close of May, Luobb arrived in London, and came immediately to the House of Commons. A glance was enough to read tbe history of his mission. Baffled hopes and bitter disaster was written on his fac«. His countenanoe was cadaverous, bis eye feverish, his cheeks hollow, and bis flrsh had so fallen away that he seemed to be wearing the clotheB of a bigger mao. He told us with a painful smile that the door-keeper had stopped him as a stranger, and, in fact, be was barely recognisable by his intimate friends. The news which be had to hear was as discouraging as the news whioh he bad to tell. The Independent party bad dwindled to half a dosen, and the land question in Parliament had fallen baok to tbe condition in which the League had found it. There was a bill of Sergeant Shee's before the House, but the Government had struck out drainage, planting, and tbe redemption of bog from the improvements to be compensated ; and in a country where inordinate rents had made arrears universal, provided that no tenant in arrear should be entitled to make improvement! or to claim compensation for improvements already made. In short, all our labours had been wasted by tbe polioy of the Wbig bishops and the sucoess of the deserters. Lucas became the guest of our colleague, Bichard Swift, at, Wandsworth, and there, after half a year's separation, we had an opportunity for a confidential tete-a-tete. So far as Propaganda wai concerned, he admitted tbat his mission had failed, but he still hoped that when his memorial was presented to the Pops it might bring about the change of policy we desired. He had reflected on the project of retiring from Parliament; it had been much pressed opon him by friendly ecclesiastics that he bBd duties to Catholic interests, not only in Ireland, but throughout the empire, from which the failure of his mission did not relieve him, and that he ought to remain in the House of Commons to perform them. He said, with' a melancholy smile, that he could still be member for the Pope. I contended that our pledges were not conditional, but positive, and that they were too specific to be disregarded by men who had denounced pledge- breaking so mercilessly; and I insisted tbat tbe authors of the calamity which had befallen the Irish cause would not be recognised by tbe people on any other condition than our retirement. Catholio interests throughout tbe empire were doubtless of high importance, but it was not to serve them I had gone into the House of Commons. For six months, week after week, while the Tablet w« neoessarily silent, I bad expounded, reiterated, and insisted upon the poliey deolared at the Gallan meeting, and it was not consistent with my honour to postpone or evade the pledge to retire. We debated the [question late into the night, without coming to an agreement. A recent incident gave the controversy unaccustomed warmth. The Rambler, an English Catholic periodical, advised Mr. Luoas to drop his connection with the member for and the member for , and instead of partisan politics devote himself to the higher mission of defending the Church. This article had been copied into the Tabid with tacit approval, and as the members in blank were undoubtedly those for Mayo and New Boss, I resented a reflection on men who had staked everything on a policy to which at any rate he was not less pledged than they. "With or without his oo-operation, I said I would fulfil my undertaking, but I felt injured beoause a measure which was the policy of a party might, when adopted only by one man, have the appearance of personal caprice; and we parted for the first time in mutual displeasure. I informed my private and political friends of my intention without delay. Some of them urged pleas in abatement; some frankly recognised that the time had come for telling the people that we could accomplish nothing for them under existing conditions. Out of a sheaf of letters I pick two, representing these different currents of opinion. The Bishop of Kerry, the most generous and considerate of private friends, urged de lay:— " My Dear Friend (he wrote)—I commenced several times to write you a long letter, but I could never get time to give you all my mind. So tore up what I had written, and now I ask one favour, that you come and spend a week with me in the mountains before you declare publicly your intention. Let me have the satisfaction of having done my best to keep you. We want honest and able men, and we cannot spare even one. "The time is not far off when some who now disapprove will admit the rectitude of your views and motives, and regret that yonr policy had not been better supported. You were not able to do the best thing; then try the next best. You were always hopeful; you did not despond in darker days, why despair now P I feel anxiously on this matter.—Yours sinoerely, D. MORIARTY." A man of stronger will, and destined in the end to oocupy higher position in the Churoh, came to a wiser oonolusion. Dr. Croke wrote:— " This much, however, I must say, that onr party has been long since destroyed, and that there is no room in Ireland for an honeBt politician. For myself, I have determined never to join any Irish agitation, never to sign any petition to Government, and never to trust to any one man, or body of men living in my time, for the recovery of Ireland's independence. All hope with me in Irish affairs is dead and buried. I have ever esteemed you at once the honestest and most gifted of my countrymen, and your departure from Ireland leaves me no hope." After a little I told my constituents in a public address that it was no longer possible to accomplish the task for which I had solicited their votes, and that I would therefore resign my seat. To avoid the pain and humiliation of a controversy with Lucas in the face of rejoicing enemies, I allowed the faot that I was retiring in fulfilment of a pledge which we had made in common to fall into the background in my farewell address. And I have paid the penalty in having the circumstance constantly misunderstood. I retired because I was pledged to retire if we failed to establish the independence of the second order of the clergy in politics, and we had failed. But I spoke of my own intentions solely, and made no allusion to the purpose or duty of anyone else.* ' I invite the reader's attention to the terms of the announcement:—" I have determined to retire from the office to which yonr favour raised me, and, till belter timu arrive, from all share and responsibility in the public affairs of Ireland. The Irish party is reduced to a handful, the popular organisation is deserted by those who created it, prelates of thelrish Church throng: the ranks of our opponents, priest is arrayed against priest, and parish against parish, a shameless political profligacy is openly defended and applauded, the special opportunity sent by heaven for our deliveranae is bartered away to an English faction, and the ultimate aim for which alone I laboured—to Rive back to Ireland her national existence—is forgotten or disdained. Till all Ob be changed, there seems to be no more hope for the Irish cause thanlfor the corpse on the dissecting table. I have done my best to change it. For the last twelve months I have •pared no pains in public or private to rally the National party—but in vain. A preternatural apathy broods over the country, disheartened by corruption ana pampered by a false and temporary prosperity. When all external circumstances favour a National movement, it is repudiated at home. God knows have done my best. On* step alone remains. I promised, in such a fatal contingency, to throw up my seat in Parliament, in order that the truth might* Jotke screened from the people, nor the crisis pass wtthoat some emphatic warning and protest. The JBi for this duty has come/' [I should, perhaps, note that this catalogue of crimes proper to be Denounced and errors proper to be amended has been •waited in later times at a statement that ' JjeJfad was as dead as a corpse on a dissecting table —a manifest and disingenuous misrepresentation,] ' Some journals naturally assumed that Lucas was about to take the same course, and he wrote a note to the Times denying that he had any such intention. He still spoke in private of returning; to Bome to present bis memorial, ana insisted that his health was considerably better since his arrival in England. The failure of the mission had coerced me to quit Parliament; the paralysis of national feeling induced me to quit Ireland also. A country where Mr. Eeogh was the popular patriot, surrounded by huzzaing partisans, and Dr. Cnllen the dominant ecclesiastic, was one where life would be a long torture. I was then, as always, a Catholio of the school of Newman and Montalembart, not at all of the school of Dr. Cullen or M. Veuillot; and I knew William Eeogh at that moment as well as all Ireland know him now. I told my constituents that the motives which induced me to take up the Land Question was the belief that it was not a substitute for, bat a step towards, national self - government, and an essential preliminary without which nothing could be accomplished in the larger enterprise. Some might believe that the national cause oould be asserted by a people who had not secured the means of living like men, but I did not believe it. " If there be any who honestly think so (I said) let them try, and may God prosper them. For me, I have tried. For seven years I have kept the green flag flying alone, or with but a handful of friends; for twice seven years I have thought, written, and acted to one sole end. In these years I have been five times prosecuted by the English Government—in '42, in '44, in '46, in '48, and '49—and wasted thirteen months of my life in English prisons. I have ' spent and been spent' oheerfully in fortune, health, peaoe, the duties of home, and the rights of my children; often with less aid than opposition from those who professed the same opinions, always in exhausting personal conflict with a hired Press and all who lived, or hoped to live, by corruption. (To be eontinued.) 