A fiUHIPUS rlBISJtt SUP15IiSTIXIDN.: A very strango transaction occurred, though not the first of its kiiul.in the Kpipau Catholic ceme tery in Ansonias near New Haven, last mouth. Four respectable Irishwomen halted at a newly made grave. They were elderly women, and seemed to be worn by grief and watching. They waited a few minutes, while two stalwart men with shovels worked away diligently to reopen the grave. The tears ran down their cheeks, and they clasped each others' hands in sympathy when the men reached the rough box which enclosed a casket and : the remains of a young and beautiful girl— the daughter of one of the four weeping , women; The box was raised froin the' grave anil placed at onp side Ori, the gronnd. Then the lid "w'asre.hipyed. Tfiemdtlipraiulhcrcpinpanionsloojced 'oria nionient, arid then recovering from their grief went swiftly to work and searched and examined jthe'eorpse froiu'lioad to foot. Through tlie hair and shroud and the feet covering went their busy, fingers. : All the pins that had been used to hold' the cerements in place were removed and carefully, treasured. The strings .with which the feet were tied together were token away. Then one of the. ... airoineiptpok a jpeefUe aiuj .threpd, jUiid where pins .hpd been removed stitches were taken," care being had that no knots .jvcrc tied in tl)C thread. After tye operation wits concluded the women signalled' to the men that the .coffin was agafii to fie interred.' After the grave was filled the little precession wended .its" way homeward. : These proceedings werp ill consefi uence of a superstition that if a corpse is buried upon -which aro strings tied witli . . s knotp,.orpgiiji| npgd rtjf keep. ,t)io grave clothes or. shrOu'd in place, the soul can "ne ver enter Heaven, but must lyalk until the .pins are rcmoypd and, the kinf# qiitiei). flnpjof plja four w'omen said that for: two nights she had heen troubled by 'the ghost of: ,tl)P. dead girl, who kept appearing to her and wish-' ing relief. Fronj this reason they searched the: grave clothes to rcinovo what they considered the': oiilythiyg tljat Jfppt the snirjt-of thc.p.oOrgirl from! Heavenly . happiness. ""Now, " she said', "that; . . ; v .the-duty .-is- xlouo.to the dead, tlie 'living are all happy, rind all will be peace." i. . -'r ' . . ' j 