THE RELIGION OF SCIENCE. By RICHARD A. PROCTOR. EVOLUTION OF RELIGION. The sun, tho moon, the stars, the seas, the hills, and the plains Are not these, O Soul, the Vision of Him who reigns? Is inot the Vision'I oP tho' Ro be not that which ,'He seems P ' , Horeams ?an Dram o atro whileo they last, and do wo not live in dreams ? Earth, those solid stars, tlhi weight of body iad limb, Are they not sign and symbol of thy division from Him? Dark is the world to thou; thyself art the reason Why; For is He not all but thou, that hast power to feel 'I amI"? Glory about thee, without the ; andthoufulfhllest ;thy doom,' Slaking him broken gleams, and a stilled splon dour and gloom. Anl the r o f man cannot hear, and the eye of lman cannot 000, But i woe could see and hear-this Vislon-wore it not Het TooNreOe, If one would mark the precise point where the idea of religion, as viewed by the man of science, diverges from the idea of the religionist on the one hand and o1 the opponent of religion (under which I in clude the Comrtist notwithstanding his voice for the religion of Humanity) on the other, one should note it here and thus: The theological school regard religion as a communicated gift ; the opponent of re ligion regards religion as belonging only to the earlier and as yet imperfect stages of intellectual development; science 'recognises' an evolution of religion as clearly as she recognises the ovolution of. mind and thought . We owe to Herbert Spencer (the first to present fully to the world of thought the doctrine of universal evolution—of which cosmical and biological evolutions are but chapters) the recognition of the onenes of method wherebhy men in all ages ahd of every race have formed such religious ideas as have belonged to their time and to their intellectual development. Where .the theologian speaks of a time when to some superior kind of man the truth as to God was clearly taught, and recognises a very strong, distinction between the manner in Which.the truly-taught and the majority of falsely-imagining men viewed the great mystery; whore the opponent of religion (even when he calls himself a be liever in the Religion of sumanity) speaks of the time of theological error, followed by the era of metaphysical suggestion, and by the full development of scientific in~quiry, as three strongly-demarked periods of human development s the believer inthe doctrine of evolution recognises one pro cess running continuously through the whole history of the development of reliigion. The doctrine of biological evolution teaches that man has developed from lower to higher animal types; from the savage to civilised man, from edarseness and brutality to purity and kindliness of conduct, thereby giving us hope for the future, instead of the utter despair which comes from the thought that having aiiginally been created pure and perfect (save for a somewhat imbecile tendency towards disobedience) man has so changed that his heart is now "deceitful above all things and desperately wicked." But'the doctrine of religious evolution speaks of better comfort still; tends te save us from a more fatal despair; for ,it shows men's religious developing ever towards purer and noble conceptions, until at last all the attributes which savage races assigned to Deity have disappeared. .They pictured gods as mighty men-eating chiefs, or as brave but brutal warriors. Later races have imagined one God for their one nation but that God a despot, a man of war, and unreasoning? in his .wrAth punishing the innocent for the guilty. Later still, advancing races have'lc believed in a Deity who through less despotic and lese insensate in anger than the special Deity of some Oriental race, they yet imagine as acting and ruling in a manner scarcely less unreasonable, and in par titular as possessing-only on an infinite scale-a spirit of intolerance akin to their own. But as the evolutionof:religion pro ceeds, we see all these anthropomorphic. and degrading attributes disappearing froth men's conceptions of the powerwork ingin and through all things, until at lenth we recognise that_ those wiser men of old gave the true answer te the ques tioe "Canst thou by searching find out God? " when they. said "As touching the Alimighty we cannot find him out; lo ! these are but a portion of 'God's Ways; . thet utter but a whisper of His Glory: the;thunder of His. Power who can under stad ?" Inthis "confessionof impotence in the'presenced of the Mysteiy of Things," we Inot only, dse Herbert Spencer points out; see "science brought into sympathy with religion ;" we see religion cleared of "all the knots that tangle human creeds, the rounding cords that bind and strain the (heart until: it' bleeds," we find the promise of a purifying power in humanity in regard to conduct, seeing that humanity has thus been able to purify the concop tioed of deity which is at once the index of humian character and points the way of human progress. The evolution of the re ligious sentiment has enabled man to pass beyond the limits which, by presenting as the best and most perfect rule something. inferior even to whathumanityhad already attained, had checked the progress of humianity towards.good. The savage can not'advance till he ceases to set his cruel gods as the ' emblem of plerfection; the civilised man cannot gain in intellectual andimoral development while he worships an ;unreasoning deity of ill-developed moeal character (the -invention of less advancd' rades) as the Supreme Being: in the jrecogitiof that 'all 'anthropomor= phis attributes must be rejected from our coniciousness of deity, lies our sure hope for the advance of humanity to all of which humanity is capable. MIRTH OF ELIGIOSI IMPRESSIONS. it the attempt to trace the evolution of reoiionwe meet with difficulties not found in the study of the evolution of the body or df the mind. '.Thb body itsolf, contains theorecord of the ancestral past as surely, though not so obviously, as it contains the recrds.of its own past. We can place our finger on this bone or this, muscle, this nerve or this tendon, as telling of'the time when the progenitors of the human rae4 were characterised by such and suech peeliarities. Again in the laws of embryonic development we find evidence, requiring indeed to be carefully cross examined, but full of meaning, as to the past of our race. As regards mental de velopement we have, apart from cerebral evidence, the evidence of mnaterial records' indicating (very clearly sometimes) the intellectual capacity of our savage proge nitqrs of various times and in various places. All these we havi in addition to various forms of evidence common to all tbree lines of inquiry-physical, mental, and religious. But we have no material recrds of religious evolution akin to the bodily records of 'physical 'evolution. Woe find oceasiotlij' indications of roligiou" ideas in the peculiarities of the remains o: strisctures regarded as religious, and also' in t~e manner of burial; butsuch evidence is far from satistactory. : We canlearn much.from suwh.rcsearcheo as have beensmade by Messrs. Taylor and. Lubbock,.. an, from .thee reseahches which, Mru Spencer has superintended. But what would most conduce to correct views, -?vidence of the actual infancy of the re ligious sentiment among the ancestors of' the most advanced races of our time-we wait. For aught that is certainly known, the beginning of religious evolution in the leading religious races of to-day, thosgheit' may have had the sieme general character. as that of races still in their infancy, may have differed as characteristically as the. physical and mental' qualities of some eavege races differ from those of others, and-in all probability-from such quali tie4 in our own human family at tlh begin ning of its career. Again, we may follow a method akin to that of comparative embryology. We may ask how the religious sentiment' begins.and how it grows in the child, and. so form vague ideoa as to the possible past beginning and growth of religion in the childhood of each race. But this is a method which requires to be very cauti ously employed. For the child among civilised races is surrounded by influences tending to check the development of innate ideas, and to replace these by im parted ideas and it becomes very difli cult to distinguish ideas of one class from those of the other. Besides, certain influ ences which must have been very potent in their action on the mind of our savage ancestors, have commonly no counterpart in the experience of the child. For in stance, the idea of the ghosts of the dead, and of the power they might possess, would occur to a savage race, but would notipresent itself iaturallyto the-mind of a child whose first nine or ton years were passedwithouthis knowing of death. The thought of death and of its meaning, comesto the child usually when he has already received from grown persons teachings about religion. Still, I asi disposed to gather from my own recollection of my childish xdeas about things outside myself, and. from what I 1.. ~ ..... .. ..~. .. 1. ...? - - .. 1... ..4 41....e.. ...... 1 leotions of others and about the ideas of those who are still children, that the ghost idea, though undoubtedly belonging to i very early form of religion, does not belong to its actual beginning, as Mr. Spencer thinks. That neither child nor savage over actually worships natural objects or forces, is as nearly certain as any such matter can well be. Fetishism is never a first form of religious worship, and often belongs to a far advanced stage of religious development. But I believe that a form of animism not at all associated with the idea of the spirits of the dead, long precedes ghoist-worship and the idea that natural objects are tenanted by the ghosts of dead persons. The child is moved by the thought that "what wells up in him in the formu of consciousnes " is present also in all tbat he can see or hear or feel wherever he instinctively recog nises force--whether in the statical orin the dynamical sense, whether shown by fixity and stability, or by movement and energy. Of course, with the growth of knowledge, by which the origin of these forms of force becomes known, the child loses the !idea of life and consciousness.in things un conscious. But as the farther back we go in odr recollection the greater the number of objects which to our child-mind seemed alive and consciously exerting force, I imagine that could we but recall our baby- mind;and read such vague fancies as take:the place of thought with the babe, we sholiild find nearly everything he sees suggestive of consciousness to the baby as he first passes the stage when .... i. ". now to earth and sky What thno his teder palm is pres 'Against the circle of the breast, e does not think] tha es"this is I" ? But as he grows he gathers much, " And leoars the see of "I" and "me," And finds "I am not what I see, And other than the things I touch..`" In tis stage of mental gtrowth, as thus he rounds him "to a separate mind," the child assigns to all he sees that individu ality which is his' recent discovery in re- gard to himself. He does not worship natural objects or forces, but he instinc tively endows them with life—he loves them, or hates them, dreads, admires, or despises then, as if they wetre living things. In this there is evidence if not proof of the vast antiquity of animism, seeing that it is' innate. On the contrary we have evidence of the recent origin of the idea of creation, in the circumstance that this thought is never found in the child-mind except as a communicated idea. Even as communicated the child resists the admis- sion of the idea, and often, by questions very difficult to answer, troubles the care ful parent, anxious to teach him while still young an idea which the most advanced philosopher recognises as full of difficul ties. One may even say that the idea of con sciousness, of innate force, which the child, so soon as he has recognised it as true of himself extends instinctively to all he sees or hears or touches, is inconsistent with the idea of creative power to which such, consciousness and force are due. The b child-mind thinks-' with, Topsy, 5" 'Speckes I grow'd," "'specks it grow'd," and to forth. It is, only'later, when so many objects supposed to be conscious are found to have been made, that the achild begi?es unconsciously to generalise, enter taining the thought'that many ifhist most thinje have been made. Yet even then, as we knosw fom the evidence of deaf-mutes, the idea of creation does not suggest itself. In nd single ease hss 'even the mostintol ligent deaf-mute conceived the idea of a power by which all things were made an idea which the thgologian regards as really inneates in the human, mind hbut lost throuigh the fall of man into sin. There is evidence to show that as it has beenwith each one of us when we were passing through the childish stage of our lives,b so it has been with the child-man. It seems to me that while Mr.' Spencer rightly rejects the thought- that nature worship was the first form of the religious idena while be rightly says that personalisa lion existis at the very outset, he is not justified by the evidsence (overwhelmingly though.-it avails against the theories of primitive fetiehism on the one hand and primitive theism on the other), in assum ing that nature-worship was in all cases in the beginning the worship of an indwel ling ghost-derived being. Regarding the child's idea of its own consciousness, as sorrsponding to the idea oef the child-man about a human soul,it appears to me probable on a priori grounds and consistent with all the evidence, that the religious sentiment in the- savage had its beginning in the ascription of a soul or spirit to all things which seemed to possess force or energy, and that it was only later, when the ghost theory had already attained some degree of development, that human ghosts or spirits were conceived to reside in natural objects revered or feared, worshipped or propitiated. It was however always. something akin to the human soul or spirit which men recognised in natural objects, even as the child attributes some thing akin to its own newly-recognised consciousness to such objects. This is no "mere metaphysical assumption," as Mr. Harrison asserts, "of men trying to read the ideas of later epochs into the facts of an earlier epoch." It is the only state of religios sentiment which can be regarded as possibly antecedent to the stage of ghost-worship which Mr. Spencer has shown conclusively to be the very earliest of which actual evidence has been (orper hapscan be) gained. The simple worship of natural objects which has been imagined as the actual first stage of reli gisoniwas almost a 'simple impossibility, certainly most improbable-and allt the evidence is opposed to thei theory. But the' belief in spirits animating natural objects, derived from the recognition of his on spirit aend the inferred belief that each of his fellows had a spirit, was as conatiousness the toy s thih he caresses or punishes is' to thid young child. irnm this stage of the religious sentisoen there is no idea of creation, still less of a Supreme Being as Creator and Ruler. Tpai the Zulu, in answer to Mr. Gardner, who asked him if he knew who made and governs the sun as it rises and sets, or the trees as they grow, presented the natural thought of the child- man, "we see them, but 'cannot tell how they come we suppose they come of themselves." Nor iso there any thought of a life after death. i'here is in fact only the tIoaght that "that which wells up in the men?'s oen srissisneos" is present in naiseni objects hsaving apparently innate force audencrgy,.i In this seises this begiuning of this rell gised sentiment justifies what I said set the outset-that in all siges neon leave viewed religion from the esaes direction, from the standpoint of t~he known towards thes domain of thes unkneown. Thsey were impressed teen, even as the man of science is in, preesed nowy, by the unknowable t for though wheat was unknoewn to them is kuewn to us, it was as surely unknowable for them, as the mystery of infinite poweer is incompreheensibls by us. In each taos there heas heels this consciousness of mnystery, in 'neither has thftd bddit the power of conceiving the real nature of the mystery; the finite mystery for the child man and the infinite mystery for the most advanced scientific student of our day, have in like sort, though by no means in like degree, moved man to religious emotion. It was, however, with the growth of the idea of the soul or spirit -in man, co existipng with the body in life, continuing to exist after the body is dead, that format religion had fits origin. Such religious impressions as existed before ancestor worship began, were but vague fancies. In them we recognise but the embryo of real religious conceptions. No mythology, no systemi of .theology, can be rightly understood, until we'have recognised how the systems of nature worship from which all modern religions sprang (as their core monial observances clearly show), had in turn their origin in the worship of the spirits of departed. rulers and the pro pitiation of the spirits of departed enemies. Just here a thought akin to that on which those had to dwell who explained at first our kinship to the lower animals, our origin from the savage scarce better than the beast of the field, and his origin from lowlier ancestors still, should be con sidered. Whatever opinion the un scientifiie may form about that particular detail of the Darwinian theory which they suppose to be the Darwinian theory itself, 'whatever view they may form or imagine thoy have formed about the descent of civilised from savage races,' they must admit that they were once children, and that the child is father to the mat. If they reject with scorn the idea that their forefather the child- man held ideas about religion which seem to us now preposte rous, they can hardly have quite forgotten that their original self, their child-father, entertained very strange fancies about re ligion. They may seem to have forgotten these fancies, but generally some faint recollection of them can be recalled; and, if not, their 'own children will recall their own former fancies. 'The consideration of these wild fancies of their childhood should prepare them to admit the possi bility, if not,. as inquiry assures the student of science, the absolute certainty, that' our savage forefathers held ideas about religion which we should regard ns utterly absurd. As Mr. Spencer says, "from the consciousness of cultured humanity there have so disappear on certain notions natural to the conscious ness of uncultured humanity, that it has becoime almost incredible they should over have been entertained. But just as it is certain that the absurd belief at which parents laugh when displayed in their children were once their own; so it is certain that peoples to whom primitive conceptions seem ridiculous had fore fathers who held these primitive con ceptions." This will appear more particularly when we consider the development of men's earliest and comparatively simple religious impressions.-Knowledge. *Or the kinship of civilised and lower races of men. I have found that wherever the inferior races of men are well known and understood--as some Indian races in North America, some savage races in Australia, and the negro in the Southern States-the most devout believers in the verbal and literal inspiration of the Bible, reject as utterly (when pressed) the idea that they are akin to these despised races, though if they accept the Bible account they must accept that idea, as the belief that they are akin to apes, which they think the Bible allows them to escape. 