OMrsHGUBHtajsroMsAiro ?'? '? ' ? Imt^wurimj: ' ?**$ ' '* . * u. uaaaam \- The intaMtanta of Sortlieni Earope, aa revealed to oa in the : earlisei scraps ' of' their ? histor^^eM'S^^gi certain. .? sense heroic. ? Th^:'Md::*i&;f|fe;[of'.':aeath muvp« bucq s aeau 33. mignt come by sickness or old age. ToJctfe va violent death was the surest passport to the palace of Odin and the feast of the gods, albeit that feast— the fruition, of the old Scandinavian warriora5 desires — - was a daily repetition of boiled pork for dinner and. jmfailrag supplies of beer drank oat of the horna of the ox. The man who ' ignominioasly died of disease or old age iell into the hands of Hela, the mucti dreaded daughter of the Evil Spirit (Loki), and the goddess of death, who ruled over nine kingdoms, claiming all who died otherwise than m 'gtotfoas fight.' According ta the Edda, ' Hunger is her table, ; Starvation her knife, Delay her man, Slowness her maid, Precipice her threshold, Care her bed, and Burning Anguiah forma the hangings of her apartmem&^ A senti ment like the preceding not only stimu lated the Northmen to bold deeds, bat the contempt they held for death acted as a corrective to superstitious fear with regard to this event. This may account for the fact that there are very few popular beliefs in Western Europe, at the present tima, relating to portents of death that have any more than a local prevalence, whilst the few which show a wider range seem to have had a Southern rather than a Nor thern origin, .The very- ancient notion that odd numbers are lucky, which was a superstition among the Romans, and is still generally respected in snch numbers as three and seven, has a curious excep tion in the number .thirteen. There is a widespread belief that if thirteen persons sit down bo table together there will be a death in the company before the expiration of a year. OE course numerous instances can be quoted in proof of this, and I have seen some persons much' agi tated when they have discovered that they were included in such an ill-omened circle. It is difficult to account for this prejudice unless it had its origin in the Middle Ages, and has reference to the thirteen who sat down to the supper in the ' Upper Chamber' a few hoars before the cruci fixion of Christ When a candle has been left burning through forgetfulness in another room the saying in Norfolk is that it fortells a death in the house, the association of ideas probably being that of the old custom of burning candles by the side of a corpse. To dream of teeth dropping out is a aign of approaching death, the association again being clearly that of dissolution of tile body. When a corpse remains limp instead ol becoming rigid after death it indicates that another death will shortly occur in the house. If a tree blossoms out of season it is an ominous sign for the family owning it The superstition which is prevalent in Lincolnshire, that if the Christmas decorations in a house fade before Old Christmas Day there will be a death in the family during the year, must have originated since the revision of the calen dar in the sixth century. It may, how ever, have reference to the mythology of our German ancestors, who believed that in the twelve nights between December 25 and January 6 they could trace the per sonalmovements andinterferences on earth of Odin and other of their principal deities. Some persons and families have death omens peculiar to themselves which come to be recognised as such and much dreaded. These signs are often some sort of appari tion, or knockinga and mysterious noises which occnr without any apparent cause. When living a few years ago in a quiet Northumberland village a neighbour not far from us was very much alarmed one evening by loud knocMngs which seemed as though the glass over the front door was being smashed, although no such damage was done. The next day the lady of the house received word that her brother had died the day before, and of coarse at once associated the death of her relative with the mysterious noises she had heard. My mother once told me that she almost invariably received indications of death in the family by r^jing mourning in one shape or another in her dreams; one in stance of such I remember was a pair of black gloves suspended, the dream being immediately followed by the news that my grandfather had suddenly died. Most savages have a notion that every body has a sort of dual personality, a visible and an invisible self. This secon dary or 'otherself' often leaves the body for a time and then returns to it It is generally invisible, but under special cir cumstances it may be Been. There is Bomethiog very like this belief in survival among the Celtic and Germanic peoples dating from the remote past, and is by no means extinct in some parts of Britain at the present tima In many parts of Ireland, Scotland, and the North of England, for a person to see his own 'wiaith,' 'waff,' or 'fetch,' as it is variously called, denoting by the term a spectre carrying his own features, is an ominous sign of his approaching end. To see the wraith of some acquaintance, or! to hear their voice speaking when not visibly present, is a sign of fatal signifi cance. Hundreds of instances are on record where the seeing of a wraith was coincident with the, death of the person whose features the spectre bore. Calmet tells the story that when William Ruf us met his untimely end whilst hunting in the Hew Forest his friend, the Earl of Corn wall, saw Ha 'fetch.' carried ou a black goat across the Bodmian moors, and noticed that he was wounded in the breast. Soon after he received the in formation that the King had been Blain by the arrow of Walter Tyrrel at the very hour when he had seen the apparition. Sailors are very superstitious in omens of this nature and believe in a phantom ship, 'The Flying Dutchman,' which is often seen before & calamity or death on board. One of the latest instances of this kind is given in the lately published work of the young Princes of Wales, 'The Cruise of the Bacchante,' in which, we are told that when they were in Australian waters this' wraith of a ship was seen one night cross ing the bows of the vessel, and was wit nessed by no leas than thirteen persons in a)L In a few days the lookout man, who first reported the mysterious ship, and the Admiral in command, both met untimely deaths. If a person dies 'hard,' with much struggle and contortions of the face in the I moments of death, these are taken as ? indications of a bad confidence in the suf frer. The friends are gratified if they can say. 'ha died without a straggle.' Such, disquietude may, however, be occasioned by the presence of pigeons' feathers in the bed or pillows on which the dying person rests, it being a generally received opinion that a person cannot die on a bed whore the least quantity of the feathers of this bird are found. When death seemed to be delayed and hard upon the sufferer it was formerly the custom to remove the pillows, and if this did not answer to remove the dying person on to the floor be to another bed, the fatigue imposed OJbjf ''iamb a removal being generally sufficient to i»nse death to quickly follow and thus establish the ' prejudice. . The missionary John Williams says that the Fijians believe that the spirit of tho departed may be brought back by callmgr lustily after it It may be nothing more than a coinci denee, but a woman from the North of Ireland told me the sme thing with regard to the departed, and dtfti-wi instance where one of her relatives had dosed/ Bat eyea/ m\iw^^:/hc0z^B\ Fcreams of the -friends' around the bed lf tnOTgM^ifcar spirit ' ''back ' ' agam^'ano* ' she temporarily revived. '.My informant ' deprecaied this custom, as she considered MWSW^lptoianffDg the agonies of the ?dJniS^lJEhe.same person told me that it was customary in her pa. iz. on the occa sion of a death, to throw all the doors and windows open ; the ordinal in t,ntioa of this act was no dou-* :o ^i~a frco egress for the spirit from t':; ' oLz to Snz open heavens. Sir Huarj HZ3 L~~ re marked the same ccstom c: .prc-^Llm^ m I Devonshire. In attending cevcr^l :zzic:c'z I in the rural parts cf the Xorch of I! igl ^d I observed that the cuatoin tzj to c;od taa clock and cover the lookiog-,,1 --.:?' — ;ta z cloth, or otherwise remova zhzzo. from view whilst a corpse tras in tie hours. No person can enter the chamber of death without some feelings of a^e and a quickened imagination ; especially is it so with 21-infonned and superstitious per sons, who under such circumstances are prepared to convert shadows into spectral forms. It is indeed given as a reason for the practice of covering up the looking glasses that were this not done, and the glasses to be used, they would see the dead person looking over their shoulder in the glass. It is a very old English notion that, when a person has been murdered, if the murderer be brought to the corpse and made to touch it the wounda would bleed afresh. This has a close relation to the barbarous system of trial by ordeal, and, indeed, this test of corpse- touching was once recognised in English law as. good evidence against an. accused person. There is a saying in: Iihoplnehire that when viewing' a corpse the person ought to touch the body, or otherwise the corpse will trouble them in their dreams, which appears to be the modified form of the murder test,, the touch in ouch cases signifying good wilL This was no unim portant matter when, as is generally sup posed in a low state of culture, moat deaths are caused by witchcraft. a There is something about a corpse as it lies cold, helpless, and ghastly which affects the imagination like nothing els9. It Is suggestive of the nearness of the Bpirit world. The savage recognises in the dead body of his chief or enemy some thing widely different from the warrior he had known and dreaded. What is left in the form of a helpless body is not the man he had known, but the rejected wrappings of his outer life— the real person has left the body and has joined the manes of the departed, and although invisible, he is still present and powerful to work mis chief. The fear of vengeance from the departed spirit dictates suitable rites and respectful treatment of his corpse. Ideas like these with regard to the dead have had a long survival, and still play upon the imagination of thousands in the most civilized countries. ' We have not to step many generations backward to find these ideas, intensified into superstitions which were associated with usages closely resem bling those now in vogue among many savage tribes. The: soul of the deceased was believed to linger around the scenes of . his life and last hours, and until his bones were .laid to rest with such ceremonies as had been conse crated by the established usages of his people, or in harmony with his religious beliefs, he might trouble the Burvivors, These considerations are at the root of numerous old English customs relating to the treatment of the body after death, as well as ihe inevitable 'ghost story' which was formerly attached to every Bpot where a violent death had occurred. The 'Lyke-Wake' (A.S.— Corpse-watching) has been an established custom throughout Northern Europe from, time immemorial. The object was to watch, the corpse from the moment of death till its burial, so that no sinister effects might be produced by the spirits, who. were supposed to be peculiarly active whilst an unburied corpse was in the house. ' With this intent a plate, of salt was placed upon the breast of the deceased, and if need be other means had to be adopted to prevent the ghosts from using the corpse as a medium of strange mani festations!- To keep up. the courage of the watchers on these occasions refresh ments were distributed, with liberal pota tions of whisky, which soon developed into a bacchanalian feast, with gteat aban donment and. lewdneas. In the days of Edward X laws were enacted to restrain the excesses of these wake gatherings, but they retained much of their objectionable features In Scotland and Ireland almost to our own time. The better state of society, in the present, however, has toned down to a great extent the improprieties of these gatherings, which are still held in some places*;- and even where there is no formal ' wake' held it is customary ' to sit up with the corpse ;' candles are burnt all night and salt is placed on the corpse, 01 in someway distributed about the room, ' to prevent,' as ib commonly said, 'the body from swelling.'; The old Scandinavian warrior was buried with, his armour and weapons and sometimes with his favourite horse or dog, the wine cup of his feasts, and other valued objects which, gave him pleasure in life, and which by burial, it was supposed, . he carried with him to minister to his desires in the life beyond. In a similar way the Australian aboriginals when they ? bury their- friends put into the grave with the body the weapons and other property belonging to the deceased. To appro priate these thinga by the liviog would be unlucky, whilst to put them in the grave ? was to supply the deceased with the means ; of making his way in the other world. The idea of supplying ? the dead with comforts for their journey and equipments corresponding to their grade, on their entering the spirit -state, is almost uni versal in certain states of culture. Some of the Emperors of China have had' cosily palaces built replete with a, way eo as to anticipate., every desire of the most epicurean taste,- and then ' on completion the whole has been burnt to the last thread, it being transmitted, in the popular imagination, by meana of fire to the spirit world, where it is henceforth appropriated by the royal magnate to whom it was addressed. The foundation idea in these customs is that inanimate things have souls, or an immaterial counter-part, as wall as living things, and that these immaterial equivalents c-wi be carried by the person lately deceased into a spirit condition. We do not go the length of the old Scandinavian and German warriors in our. funeral rites of to-day, but we keep up a show of the ancestral customs in our placing the. modern 'warrior1* to rest with 'military honours.' The helmet and sword of the deceased are borne to the grave on the : coffin, whilm the favourite charger is led Eaddled but unmounted in the rear. In China it is thought sufficient to simply put. into the cofiin the symbols of the objects, intended, as stamped metallic tinsel; mp*?ad of money which passes into cur- \ rex J. coin in the other world, and after a I time the money symbcld can be removed from the graves and utilized again. It has also been a custom in Western Europe to put a candle and a piece of money in the coffin wish the dead — the former to light his way through the darkness, and the latter to pay the inevitable 'fee' of admittance to paradise. How curiously ihe same idea will associate itself with different religious beliefs on the same plane cf mental culture. The old Greeks were careful to put a silver coin in the mouth of their dead friends to pay Charon, the spiritual ferryman, whose province it was to ferry them over the' riven in ihe nether regions. His charge was^an' 'obolus— -a * very moderate price certainly for ao important a duty— but Charon was inexorable for his rights. The unfortunate dead who had not the prescribed coin wasleffc to wander on the wrong aide of the tide. The German and Irish peasants, who to-day put a piece c! silver in the mouth or hand of the dead -thej'W8'«bpnfrio'''bury, give U3 ccntem porary illustrations of a custom which has been „& r'.UBxracnl prevalence, and show survivals of a low state of mental culture ihroughwhich even the most enlightened: nations have passed. The New Zealand chiefs T?ho oidered the sacrifice of their servants at their dctli co thcA th.ee s dome-tic Jav^c could mini-4'** to their mzSzTz' ~c.n 3 in r cpir*j eta c, -.cd t*i3 inn2 option ol -i~ ~idoTT3 of tho ELnchij tt° 11^.7 miCjht join thci. c;pj:kcd hiu 'uzucz jn. r^Oiher ~orld, are *3rribl s.:ui_p'nbn2ut3 of this bdi«f. The jina nct'on ;3 embodied in tha feasta -Vr the deod, r3 in xh3 billc^rnium of the Eozjacr, *7Lcn Tc-d ~ca pl^cci r.t ths grave ^itL th^ id^r that tie dead would partita of it. This feeding the dead at stated intervals is also a cosmopolitan custom, and is, at times, offered in sacrifice to the deceased first and afterwards consumed by the living. It is only the very poor, however, who consume suck offerings. This may have been tho origin cf the old English custom o£ bidding the poor to funeral^ and distributing among them cakes knovra aa the il funeral dole.' In the JTorch of England^ at the present lkn?} u the bidding' to a funeral h a marked feature, and ia carried out by a special messenger, who ia dressed frith, silk hatband and scarf, and carries a very general invitation 'When the party ascsmblea on the day of the funeral all are offered a piece of cake and glass of wice before they atari; for the grave. Offerings to tho dead would ? carry a sacred character, and from such a ?feeling of reverenc-3 it trould be but a short step to religious rites and a recogni tion of the worship of ancestors which was recognised aa a religious cult among the more advanced nations of antiquity. 