A BOYAL SPANISH WEDDING, The marriage ceremonial of Royalties is always interesting, and the marriage of the Infanta Dona Eulalie, of Spain, to her cousin, the Infante Don Antonio, son of the Duke of Montpensier, at the Chapel Royal in Madrid, gives actuality to the text of the marriage office used on the occasion:— The first question was addressed to the bride, " Your Highness Dona Marie Eulalie Frangoise of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain—your Highness is aware that you are here to be united and married to his Highness the Infante Don Antonio Louis Philippe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon, con cerning which marriage his Holiness has removed the objections raised on account of parentage of different degree of consanguinity, and other causes It remains now for your Highness to say whether you know of any other roason for which this marriage contract should not be entered upon—that is to say, whether there exists between your Highness and the said Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillippe Marie of Orleans any other relationship; whether you have given your word to any other man; whether you Have made vows of chastity or religious pledges; or whether you know of any natural obstacle which might oppose the validity of this marriage; finally whether you contract the marriage of your own free will and desire? Your Highness will declare this on your faith and your Royal word." Cardinal Ceferino Gonzalez, Archbishop of Seville, who performed the cere mony, accompanied by his clergy, gave then the bishop's crook into the hands of the attendant priest, and said, " Your Highness Dona Marie Fran^oise of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain—I request your Highness, and also you, your Highness Don Antonio Louis Phillippe Marie of Orleans and Bourboq, to tell me whether you know of any ob stacle why this marriage should or could not be contracted, or why it could not be valid or legitimate—that is to say, you are to make mani fest whether you know of any other obstacles besides those which his Holiness has removed; I make this same request to you who are here present. For the second and third time I request you that if you know of any such obsta cle you are to make it known openly." Address himself again to the bride, the Arch bishop continues, " Your Highness Dona Marie Eulalie Francoise of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, will you take for your legitimate husband, as it is commanded by the Holy Roman Catholic and Apostolic Chureh, his Highness the Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillipe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon ? " Before replying, her Royal High ness kissed the hands of her parents, and on the question being repeated, she answered, " Yes, I will." Then the Archbishop proceeded : " Does your Highness give yourself as wife to his High ness the Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillipe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon ?" To which the bride answered, "Yes, I give myself." The Arch bishop continued, " Does your Highness receive the said Intante Don Antonio Louis Philippe Marie of Orleans aB your husband ?" " Yes, I receive him," answers Dona Eulalie. The same questions are then put to Don Antonio, who re plied in the same way. After this bride and bridegroom joined their right hands, and the patriarch, having taken Ins crook, said—" And in the name of the Almighty, and the blessed apos tles Peter and Paul and the Holy Mother Church, I marry your Royal Highness Senora Dona Marie, Eulalie, &c.;, to your Royal Highness Senor Don Antonio, &c.; and this bond of mar riage I confirm in the name of the Father, the son, and the Holy Ghost, Amen!" The Arch bishop, with crook and mitre, accompanied by his clergy, one of whom held the crosB, another the aspergillus, and a third the plate on which were arranged the thirteen coins which every Spanish woman receives on this occasion together with her wedding ring, commenced the benediction of the coins. He then blessed the wedding rings, putting one on the finger of Don Antonio, to whom he also gave the other, to be given to the bride. The Archbishop then threw some coins to the bridegroom, who threw them to the bride, by whom they were put back into the plate. After tins their Highnesses join their right hands, fol lowed the Cardinal to the armchairs prepared for them ou the altar stairs, where they knelt down to hear the wedding mass, whioh was thus terminated: " Now your Highnesses have received the blessings according 30 the customs of the Church, the advice I give you is to keep faithful to each other; to be chaste at the time ■of prayer, and even more chaste during fasts and on saints' days. May your Highnesses love each other as husband and wife, and may you live in the fear of God." The Cardinal then gave the bride to the bridegroom, saying : " I give her to you for a companion, and not for a servant; may your Highness love her as Christ loves liis Church." The benediction closed the ceremony. 