The Brisbane Courier SATURDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1886 IN the LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY yesterday, The Godsall Land Bill (private bill) was given notice of by Mr ALAND, who pre- sented a petition in its favour. The Ipswich Grammar School Land Sale Bill was brought in by Mr FOOTE read a first time, and referred to a Select Committee A sum of £200 was awarded to Lindsay Bros of Bundanba m connection with their Government coal contract. The Triendly Socntios Bill (introduced by Mr Wakefield) «as passed through committee with amendments A lengthy discussion toole place in reference to the progress of tbo conjlruction of tho Central Railway, and Mr Miles s recent utterances on separation Tho House adjourned at a quarter past 10 o'clock until Tuesday next THL Central membeis weie right in press mg on the attention of Purli imtnt the ex tinoidmary reply mide by Mi Miles to the deputation which w uted upon lum in the early p irfc of the week , foi they exti acted fiomthc Piemiei what -vis tantimount to a repudiation of his colleagues ilippancy Mi Miles, judging fioni wh it he sud jestetday, reg irds himself as a man w hose uttei inces should not be taken too seiiously In a sense, lie is quite light 1 hose who know lum aio aware of the fact that he talks vety loosely, and att ich no gieat nupoitaiice to what besa} s But when the loose tilk of one member of a Ministry is tacitly adopted by his colleagues it becomes impoitant It is true that Mi Miles lepud tates the isser tions attributed to lum, but the lepudtatton goes foi veiy little Seveial gentlemen who he vi d him agi ee tint he did say those things, ind it is quite evident th it Mi Miles was mongulina repudiation That he meant to siij what he did is, howevei, a position which we should be vety soi ty to take up Mi Miles we feai, frequently doos not mean wh it he s iys, as is eommotily the case with men who have Hot accustomed themseh es to think accui ately But his col le igues must not be sin pi wed it they ai e held collectively responsible for the i uidoni, and of ten leckleäs sayings of Um ¡infant Cei i Me of the Government In this case it b is gone forth to England that a nienibei of the Queensland Ministry, believing separation to bo inevitable, is making arrangements to filch from the projected colony trade which would naturally belong to it If Mi Miles can conscientiously deny the state ment, the Booner he cables his denial to London the better for our îeputation as a colony It is to be hoped that the Govei nment will not suspend the extension of the Cen tral Railway Its continuation on a due west line has been legarded almost as part of the settled railway policy of the colony, and is strenuously upheld by those most immediately concerned The very fact that the members foi Rockhampton and for the districts lying to the west of it aie satisfied with the direction should m ike any Govern meat doubt the expediency of a diversion Besides, how have these doubts about the dnoction anson? The Ctutial line is no new mulei tikmg, and all the facts concerning it were, or should have been, in the possession of the Govei nment foi yeirspast The Pre nnei docs not, weare gild to see question the policy of cmjing on the line , it would bestiange if ho did, cotisidettng the rail ways which his Government aie asking Pin hament to sanction The Centi il R nlw ty is cleailv part of oui nitional railway policy , lines like the Foititude Villeyloop ue as cleai ly distinct from it A nd if the Central Rail way is to be coutmued surely it would be suicidal to 8iispeud its opeiationm a few months, and then again denioi ihse the labour maikct, «Inch, by tint time should be recovering its normal condition InE Prennei his not lost much time in drafting the bill which he was requested to intioduce dilling this session to reuio\e the dieted disabilities undei which it was ci m plained th it British companies not regis teied in Queel sland liboin in respect of holding Hu J mil we think th it the bill in tioduced by lura on the 15th instant, if it is s itisfnctoi} to the companies, will be equally so to the people of Queens! ind Itpiovides that any companj which is nicorpoi vted iceoidmg to the liws of any part of the British dominions may be îegisteied m QiieensI ind by lodging in the olhee of the Re0istrai of Joint Stock Companies here, a certifie ite of Registi ation mulei the lund of the Iiegistiarof Joint Stock Companies of the country of ltsincorporition, togethei with a certified cop} of its articles of as»o ciation, died of settlement, Act of Parli i meut, or otlui instrument mulei which it is nicol por ited and paying a fee tobo fixed h¡ the Govcn or in Connell When so ugistered it will have the same lights and privileges is if it hid been in cotpoiattd undet the laws of this colony, e\eept th it it sh ill not hi !d lund to am gi eitel extent limn it could m the countiy of its incorporation or th in is permitted by the laws of the colony or its own consf itution It must have a registered ofhte in Queens land at which writs or other legal processes may be served, and it may hold and occupy for the purpose of carrying on its own business any area of land not exceeding fifty acres, may become a mortgagee of land whether held under tho Heal Property Act or not, and may hold «any mortgaged land until it can be disposed of advantageously anti may sell or transfer it. This is what we wero told these companies required and should satisfy them. The most important part of the bill, however, to the people of tho colony is that which, in the event of such a company being wound up, makes the payment of its debts in Queensland a first charge upon its assets in the colony. Wo are rather inclined to doubt whether the passing of this bill will really give to these companies any privileges which they have not already, under the Foreign Com- panies Act of 1867, but it will, at all events, remove the doubts which we were assured vverehindering theinvestmentof theircapital in the colony, and it will, we consider, very considerably improve the position of Queens- land creditors of such companies For we must not forget that whilst we want Eng- lish capital here, and should encourage its introduction by every proper means, yet there is a certain amount of risk in- volved in dealing with, bodies whose operations are carried on in other countries besides Queensland, and which, whilst pros peroushere and commanding the confidence of our people, may bo very much the reverse of prosperous elsewhere, and if this condition were not imposed upon them might makeua participators in losses with whioh we have no right to be concerned. We cannot guess how far this bill will be acceptable to the gentlemen who asked for it, but to us it seems that Sir S. W. Griffith has'given them all thatthey mightfairlyask, and we hope that the effect of the passage of Hie bill will be at once to bring in that considerable inflow of foreign capital which we were assured was only kept back by doubts as to the power of foreign companies to hold land of which they might he com- pelled to take possession as mortgagees. TUB anti- English propagandism in Europe every day gathers in strength. It would almost seem as if the Russian statesmanship aimed at some day altogether putting au end to England as a Mediterranean Power. It is the distinguishing character of states- manship, as opposed to the mere political faculty, to conceive a great scheme, and slowly work out its accomplishment. Happy is the country that possesses statesmen, men such as England had in Chatham, as Ger- many has in Bismarck, and thrice happy is the country which recognises and obeys them. It is not too much to say that every- thing of real value that has been gained by England as a Mediterranean nnd Eastern Power during the last half-century is due to the man whom England renounced, Lord Beaconsfield. To him she owes that pur- chase of Suez Canal shares which gave her a right to a firm hold on the key to India. To him she owes Cyprus, the basis of opera- | tions against Constantinople and tho Black Sea. To him she owes the idea of arousing in the Indian populations an antipathy to Russia by the confronting of the Cossack with the Sepoy. It must be pleasant, then, to her to reflect that the day has been in which she thought it good that the very supporters of this man should hang their heads and consent to be twitted in silence by a stupid burlesque of actions and phrases which will last as the only profound poli- tico utterances of a modern Englishman on things not English. Surely, however, the lUiasians at Herat with an open carriage road into India are sufficient comment on the silly scoffs at a "scientific frontier," and to day's humiliation of England in European councils must satisfy even the political quakcrisui of Mr. John Bright. There has been a talk from time to time of au alliance between France and Russia, and now we see fruits of at least a mutual understanding. It is determined that the English predominance in Egypt shall cease. Prance's reasons for wishing this are too obvious to need stating, and now she has the opportunity for carrying her wishes into effect, and takes it. Eussia hails any minimising of English influonce in the Mediterranean with joy. Turkey resents the virtual rule of a dependency of hers by a nation which, to the Turkish point of view, has played her false-a point of view which is surely correct, seeing that Lord Beaconsfield's support, the continuation of the Crimean policy, was as much the voice of England as the compromise sentiment which tied his hands before and after the Russian war, and as the complete rejection of Turkey, which followed on his downfall. As for Germany, provided that her budding Pacific trade is not interfered with, she cares nothing whether England be humi- liated or not. Tims it comes about, then, as our telegrams tells us, that .Russia, Turkey, and France all agree in the necessity of neutralising the canal-in other words in a British evacuation. Meantime in Bulgaria the Czar, perceiving tho unpopularity of Kaulbars, supersedes liim with Gourko, the dashing leader of the trans-Balkan enterprise, a man who has something of that personal quality which procures appreciation even from enemies and arouses the passionate enthusiasm of friends, t if what value would not Skoboleff have been here, Skoboleff with Houro patkiu, heat and light working together with the single will of a common cause ! And behind Gourko comes the European agreement that Russia, as the tele gtain says, shall assume the leader- ship in the settlement of the Bulgarian diilicully. The game is in the Rus'.iau hands, and the proviso that is tacked on to this agreement-the under- standing, namely, that " this is lo be carried out in strict conformity with the Treaty of berlin"-must have found its comment in the amused smile of her diplomats and the contempt nous laughter of her soldiers. With this cowes the formal representations of the French ambassador in Loudon as to the early withdrawal of the British troops fiom ligypt. >ay, the ¡Standard, which, it will be remembered, is the Conservative and Government organ, speaks of actual french plans, military and naval, to tuforce it. The plot thickens. What will England do ? That is the one, the gi euc question, to us here. When the war shadow passes into the European trade loute, Australia tintls that she, too, is an interested party. Beyond, however, the danger to our trade and that of England in transit, the influence of both France and Germany will tend to the security of the canal itself, ÄS a matter of fact, when the makiug of it useless for ships lies in the bauds of two or three men armed with what the Nihilists call the "resources of, ' civilisation," its security is wonderfully diminished, and it is seen to be only a little more reliable means of transport than the railway line of a belligerent. Suppose an Anglo-Russian war, and Englishmen and munitions of war being sent by the canal to India, it is scarcely to be doubted that the advisableness o£ a passage round the Cape would sug- gest itself to Russian minds, and Russian minds in these matters are not like Eng- lish, but remarkably in accord with action,, and instantaneous aclon. Australia, then-the Australia of the pre- sent commercial depression ; the Australia, whose trade passes under the protection of the British flag-has a very direct interest in all these things, and may be excused for a certain amount of anxiety, and this amount is larger than it need be. What confidence have we in this mother-country of ours, who has shown herself as the floater of her best and wisest in all these things 9' This mother-country of ours who has shown herself the muddler, not only of' her own foreign affairs, but of ours 1 There was a time when it was an honour and a-, glory for a man to fight for her, to stand with Clive at Plassy, with Wolfe at Abraham's. Heights, to suffer and to die for a country that rang true, heart and soul and all, to the trumpet call of a Chatham. It was something, too, to have known that the same flag that floated over his head was that, which floated over Nelson's at Trafalgar,, and Wellington's at Waterloo. But those days are past. It is not that England wants, brave hearts and wise heads. It is that she-, rejects the wisdom of her great men,, and squanders the courage of her heroes in base half-hearted wars, the creation of men to whom the sole idea of a nation's . honour is that of the " interests" of classes effete, corrupt, ignoble. Nothing but miserable bungling has ever been, or will', ever be, the outcome of such a rule as this. And so we wait to see whether once again England, that England once so fearless and so proud, will stoop and abase herself, ori- enter shivering upon a war made disastrous. by the sins of a short-sighted selfishness ; or whether she will remember what she has: been, and, speaking simple words the prelude to courageous act, give us war that may place us eagerly by her side or win us a. peace that may be " with honour." MR. MURPHY returned to the chargo yes- terday afternoon in tho Assembly, and again, attacked the Minister for Works for his. remarks to the deputation which waited upon him in reference to tho Central lino of railway. In spito of the fact that it waa shown that his-. remarks wero taken down by a shorthand writer as he spoko thom, Mr. Miles indig- nantly denied that ho had said ho was afraid, of soparation, or that it was very near. Mr. Murphy was boroo out by other members of. ' the deputation, and was also assisted by them in his appeal on behalf of the Central line, and' protest against tho stoppage of the work upon it. Tho Premier's assurance was much more satisfactory than his colleague's. Sir S. W. Griffith said there was no intention to divert-, tho line from tho Western route, nor would that bo done without the consent of Parlia- ment, and tho stoppage, if any, would not be probably of great duration. Ho supported tho statement of tho Minister for Works that tenders could bo called for the next section without tho consent of Parliament if a Govern- ment thought fit to do so, trusting to be indomnified afterwards by Parliament, but ho thought it would be a very risky course to pursue. TUB Lindsay coal contract was under the consideration of tho Assembly yesterday. The Government, somo two years since, had a . contract with Lindsay Bros., coal owners, of .Bundauba, for tho supply of some 1000 tons a month of coal for tho railway service. It wao found desirable that tho contract should ter- minate, and it was terminated ; but through some official neglect the Lindsays did not rcccivo a month's notice, as was necessary undor the contract, Yesterday tho House decided that, in consideration of the peculiar - circumstances of the case, they should be com- pensated to tho tuno of £200. Tho Soloct Committee which had inquired into tho subject ? recommended compensation to tho amount of £400, and Mr. Milos offered £100, so this was . a compromise. While on the subject Mr. Miles; made some peculiar revelations as to the quality of tho coal the Government were using during ono period of tho existence of the - contract. " Tho onp;ine- drivers," said ho, "characterised it as black soil and rock ; the trains had to stop vory often as it was found', impossible to keep up steam with the coal."" To add to this happy condition of affairs, he? mentioned that tho locomotives were damaged through the bad quality of the fuel. A little later on he waxod pathetic and said the re marks of passengers sometimes mado him ashamed-(incredulous smiles on the faces o2 Opposition members)-for thoy invltod tho drivors to get down and gather up flrowood to« raise the steam. Nor did that unkind out- fall the cup of humiliation to the brim;, filth flow in black and plonteoua clouds from tho engine and rendered his' snowy hair an incomprehensible symphony in blanc el noir, or to speak plainer, gave him a peculiar pepper-and-salt appearauce, which wa» by no means becoming. With tho senso of this indignity upon him, it is little wonder Mr.. Miles would not consent to tho Select Com" mitteo's proposal to pay a solatium to the or> contractors of £400 ; it is strange that instead? of agreeing to grant thom £200 he did not sug- gest fining them in that amount. It needed' Mr. Macrossan'* peculiar powers of persuasions to turn him, and he yielded with but poor grace" after all. Tim Premier does not often joko in th» House, but he was induced la3t night- in' fltienced probably by the general friendliness which prevailed-to porpetrato a little one,, and it turned out to bo very effective. The-" Opposition benches were absolutely empty,, and Messrs. Murphy and Lumley Hill ha* strolled over together to the place whero thcr map of the colony is hanging, and were deep in. debato on some point on which thoy were evidently not quite agreed, pointing with their fingers up and down the map, and generally enjoying themselves, Suddenly tbey were startled by hearing the Premier call out-" Are you lookingfor that waterhole?'-meaning that «arerholo near the Thomson River, to which they lind during the afternoon been desiring: the route of the Central Railway to be directed. Bo'li lion, gentlemen turned rour.d as if they lind been shot,droppedontothescat, anddidnot look again at the map during the evening. What guilty ihing they wero conspiring-and"' they looked dreadfully guilty-did not trans- pire. THE Assembly occupied the whole of Friday evening hy manipulating the Building Societies Bt'!), which they did in right good earnest, Sir S, W. Griffith coming to the rescue of Mr. Wakefield, who had the measure in charge, and assisting him in making it a workable measure. Instead of making the bill apply to all societies, a distinction was made, some at -tho provisions, principally dealing with flnancial operations, being alone mado bind- ing on nil such institutions, while others wore . loft optionol. Tho provision in the 21th clause allowing societies to receive as security other than freehold or leasehold property, which 1 led some members in the debate on the second reading to dread the society becoming 3 sort of pawnshop, was struck out, members being of opinion that the security should be satis. ? factory in the first instance, so as to obviate tho necessity for such an option. An amend- ment was mado, at the instance of Mr. Dick- son, extending the full privileges of membership ? to married women. A now clause was altered, on tho motion of Mr. Groom, giving power to shareholders to call for a special audit at the hands of the Audit Department when they think it desirable to do so. The Opposition was represented during the con- sideration of the bill by its leader, Mr. Norton, only, and a good deal of amusement was caused when ho was joined by Messrs. S. W. Brooks and P. White-" to keep him warm "-and for a very little while by tho Speaker himself. THE Colonial Secretary, having read the depositions in the Bernard-Jekyll case and considered all the circumstances, has removed the suspension of Captain Jekyll and directed the sheriff to reinstate him in the position as Governor of the Brisbane Gaol. At the same time Mr. Moreton has caused it to be intimated to Captain Jekyll that his conduct in allowing his temper to so far overpower his good judg- ment as to cause him to commit a breach of the peace was deserving of censure, more especially as his position was one which should cause him to be extra careful in the exercise of discretion and due observance of the law. THE Chief Secretary received a telegram from Burketown on the 20th instant as follows : "The Burketown Progress Association con- gratulate the Chief Secretary on tbo opening telegraph communication. -Signed, H. J. Tracey, hon. secretary." Sir Samuel Griffith replied:- "I heartily reciprocate your con- gratulations on the opening of the telegraph line, and wish the district all prosperity." THE sum of £50 has been subscribed by mem- bers of both Houses of Parliament in aid of the .widow and seven childrea of Samuel Smith. 1 It will be remembered that Smith «nd another man'named Weaber were suffocated by foul air in- a coal shaft on the Logen last week. Smith's family having been 'left an very in- different circumstances, subscription-lists have been opened in various places on'their'behalf. IN Chambers yesterday morning, before his ' Honour Sir Charles Lilley, O J., on the petition of tho Mcrcantilo Bank of Sydney carrying on business in Brisbane, and on tho notion of H. Lilley (Hart and !Flowcr), 'Dovid M'Brair, of Brisbane, merchant, -m&s; adjudi- cated insolvent ; first meeting 1st 'November. The following wero adjudicated insolvent on tboir own petitions :~Hugh M'Coll, of Ravenswood, minor, in fornvH pauperis ; John i Lawson Newton, of South Brisbane, surgeon ; ' Thos. Harrison Picot, of Brisbono, merchant. The first meeting of creditors an each caco was fixed for th« ith of November, iffic Barlow v. M'lvor and another, Mr. Knight (Mr. . Winter) for ?defendants, obtained on oriier to dismiss action for want of prosecution, with costs. Mr. M'Cartney (A. -J. Thynne) appeared for the plainfigg. Re George Bredhauer and Reginald Poole, of Port Douglas, saw-mill pro- prietors, insolvents, on the application of Mr. Hellicar, the last examination was set down for 4th November. Re Allen v. Bawson and t . and O'sullivan, obtained ac ordor to discon- tinuo tho action, also for payment of .plaintifTa costs by defendants. Re wiîî of names'Beal, i late of Ipswich, ? hotelkeepor, deceased, Mr¿ l Iiillcy, instructed by Mosers, t/iiloy and O'sul- livan, obtained an order passing accounts ia the estate from MaraL, 187Í), te-June,uS86, on tbs registrar's certificate, with tho.usual costs. , .Re'-Haddcn v. iQ M. tnd A. Company, Mr. ' J» Lilley, instructed hy Mr. O'Shoai (Hurt and > Flower), for the.defendants, obtained an order , setting aaide tie orner'for final judgment of* ^Monday last on .payment of <£1 Is. .«oats. Mr. Foxton appeared for I plaintiff. On tho original finsC judgment , summons, his Honour ga ve, leave to defendants .-to dofond upon passent oí -£130 into court, or ,> giving occur i ty for that amount to th« satiaiac .tion of "the Registrar within seven .day«, or ..othcrwsao judgment <.iRc 'the will of Thomas . Owens, late of Brisbane, . ctbinct-rngkor, do i-ceasod.-iKTr. H. E Eing,, inetructod by Mr. ?McOartn¡ej' (A. J. Thynne), Applied to pase i accounts se the estate ¿or the past year, cod-for t eommlssiot thereon. 'His Honour male -the .order pasois3 tho accounts, but reserved his .«decision on "tho question of commission. Re ? i «Quinlan, , Gray, and Co. v.-SUplcton, and ; TOnmack v^ß-taplcton, Mesara. Clambers »nd jBell (Unmaofc) respectively obtained orders «outing Ierre to plaintiffs io proceed to jodg weatflpon servico of writ-»ut of tis jurisdic- tion. 'JESErtender.cf Warren fSros. boc boen ae cepteóVíor the ejection of four gatekeepers' cot tagas.cn the Wsctcru line fce-wcen Dulbydilla and Charleville. The railway department opened tenders yesterday as follow: - Ten tons of cast iron brajis-blocks-ior the S. ano\W..Railway Thonoaa iGibson, -Smith, Forrester, and Co., Goorgo ¡Babbidge, ßpringall ami Frost, (Too- woomba ¡Foundry Company, Hood and Binnie, Samuel Shillito and Bon, Rowtoo, ,!£uffelj, «ad . Co., J. W. Sutton and Co., Joseph Barnes, John Walker and .Co., and Tooth and Co. -Steelau¡«arsti'ueturo.fcr the bridge.Qvcr Albert ,Eiver on tho .Upper Logan Railway-Tootfc »and Co., Toowoomba Foundry Company, .-'Spith, Forrester, and, Co., and J. W. -Sutton and Co. ¡Was official weather,reports for the "twenty ' four hours eaAecLcAi 9 a. m.,yasterdoy showed that the fallowing rainfalls hav* been recorded : OOSiii, at Rockhampton,, CllOin. at Aramac, 0"21itj. at Emerald, f>35in. at Muttaburra, 0-92ÍD. at St. Lawrence, il;30in. at Marl ' borough, 0T2in. at Westwood, and OlTin. at .Comet. According to the reports taken at .3 .o'clock -in the afternoon, the weather wes [generally fine throughout the colony. It woe "threatening for rain ot -Clermont and a few stations r«portcd cloudy .skies. TflE Pharmaceutical Society, .uesirhjg to , cromóte the scientific training of those who »dppt the profession of chemists and druggists, liave iktaugurtted a course of lectures for the instruction of assistants. The lecturers appointed are Professor Pepper, ;practical chemistry ; Mr. Schmidt, bottoy ; and Mr. ThoniMore, Malaria Medina, The latter gentle- men have Already commenced thoir respective course«, »od Professor Pepper commences s chemistry elias on Tuesday, 2ßth Ootobcr, a£. 8 51 m, Wa learn that Mr. Yeo, the secretary oí tie School o£ Pharmacy, has enrolled th* nwios of fourteen atuácnts, all chemists' and af'Sh'iats' apprentices, or assistants, who have signified their intention of attending these courses of scientific lectures in order to ondergo the official examination required by the new Pharmacy Aet O.V Thursday night several trucks were being shunted at the Dinmore railway station, near Ipswich, when one of them missed the points and ran off the line. The chief inconvenience to the traine was tho delay of the last train fr°m Brisbane to Ipswich for rapro than an sour, "CALLED BACK," which was performed for | the last time at the Thoatro »oyal last night, will to-night be replaced by Tom Taylor's historical Irish drama "Olancarty." Tbisdrama was first produced in London in 1ST4-, with Mr, Henry Neville in tho leading part Some years later the play was revived, with Mr. Rignold as Earl Olancarty, a character which should tato a thorough bold upon tho sympa- thies of tho audience. Miss 'Kate Bishop ap- pears as Lady Olancarty, and Mrs. George Rignold makes her first appearanco in Bris- bane as the charming lady-in-waiting, Lady Betty Nool. DUBING the hearing of a charge of vagrancy proferrcd against a woman named Isabella Cameron, who had been assisted hy a lady, Mr. Pinnock made some remarks about a state- ment that had been made in the newspapers, with reference to thero being families in the town who wero in actual want. Ho was sorry to hear that such a stato of things existed, and ho saw no reason why it should. If any person was in want, and went to him, ho would seo that an ample supply of rations was pro- vided week by week, and would bring their case under the notice of the Relief Board. IN response to an advertisement calling a mooting of tho natives of the North of Scot- land, a number of gentlemen met last evening at Sloes'» rooms, Queen- street, for the purpose of forming a Highland Society. Mr. William Cameron was unanimously voted to the chair. Tho gathering, although of a thoroughly representative character, not being regarded as sufficiently large, tho following motion, mado hy Mr. Macandie, seconded by Mr. Gorrie, waa carried :-" That this meeting, called for the formation of a Highland Society, bo adjourned till Friday, .öth Novombor, at 8 o'clock." Thero «as a good deal of informal discussion regarding tho acopo and objects of the society, which, it may bo said, is not intended to clash with any other ; but it was decided tha*- nothing definite shouid bo done till next mooting. Altogether a most pleasant evening was spent, and ali went away promising to bring friends to tho noct mooting, when it is hoped -the society will be fairly launched. After a vote of thanks to the chairman had been carried by acclamation, the proceedings wero brought to a closo. ALDKKMAIT GALLOWAY returned to Brisbane -yesterday morning after an absonco of cloven wocks, and took his placo at tho special «mooting of tho Municipal Council in tho afcor «noon. Tho.mayor and town clerk of Brisbane lieft Sydney on the samo evening as Mr. .Galloway for Newcastle, en r«uto for Brisbane overland, and aro expected boro in tho course cof this evening. AN occasional correspondent -writes :-" A meeting of the inhabitants of tho district was bold in the School-house, Bight Milo Plains, on Thursday, 2lst instant. Mr.. J. T. Phipps, representing Kb. 3 subdivision of tho board, was chosen chairman of the meeting. Ho also hold the office of bon. treasurenfor tho build- ing committee, and, acting in that capacity, read the committee's report. Ko stated that the committee were both surprised and pleased with tho success that bad attended their efforts m&áe'to improve the school ; that« the fact that tho-cum of £34 äßi. 4d. had been received in cash, together with tho promise of £2 11s. Gd. to cerne, he thought was decidedly a matter for congratulation. The sum of £3C On. 3d. had been expended on tho im- provements to tho school. 'Somo of the .ratepayers kaâ given money, some had given material, and some kau dovotcd both tico and tnacblo to forward tho objoct that tiis .committee had succeeded in ac- complishing. The accounts of tho «.building committee .(Messrs. Baker, Edman, and Phipps) -wero audited and found correct. A very strang expression of opinion was given on tho action of th«'Yeerongpilly Divisional Board in .proposing ta borrow £1000 from the Govcrnmont. Mr. Phipps pointed out that if ratcpajiccc. of this and othor districts ob > jeeted to this loan being forced upon them, thoy should .lose no time in petitioning liho board te täat effect, A petition protesting .against the action of the board in view,of tho .«dulness of «¿fcctimes and the heaviness of the . taxation alrenrîy borno by tho district, .was brought forwasd.by Mr, 0..Baker, and adopted «by the meeting *with only ano dissentient, and .mi freely signed in the room. A voto of thanks to the «chairman :£cr presiding con , eluded tbo mce(áa£. .VflB second half-yearly meeting of the' -Southport Steam ?Shipping Company, Limited,, -was held yesterday. There -wore proscnt-HMr. Thcp. Lennebcrg, in the chair, Mesura. E. J. .f Stevens, M.L A., lE. Biggs, ¡E. H. Webb. G., JB. Copper, O. O'IUúlly, B. .Taylor, and E. «-W. ¡Walk«, and H. Biftgs,, jun , «acretary. Tbo .accounts showed th* working of the company for,fivq,aonthp from lint of May to the 30ih September. Tho profit and Less account showed;tho receipts to have been-«balance frote last balftycar, £150 Gs..gd,; fares acd freights, £907 Of. .3d.; provMosing, £35 l61. 9d.; discount, £1 5s.; foifoited .shares, £450; total, .£1$23 17s. 3d. The expenditure was (91Q49 -Oa. Id., made up .va «follows : wagoe, £?55 19".; coal, £199 6s. 34.; atores, £50 3i. |10d.; wbarfargc, iSCS a*,; repairs (in- cluding; damage«), £1C4 12s. Itauí staftíonery, £11 4s. Cd ; Advertising, £41 IB. '.M.,; water, £014s. 9d.; ckcrges, ,£35 3s; agonoy, .£«5£ 10s.; legal eçpcnseit, £27; insuoancç, ££0 2s. 6d.; interest, ,£17 Is. 54. The balanco carried Corwand waa £543 J's. -8d. The report sttitcd that owing te the .unusual wet season, and. g«?aeral deprosaion .in trade, the number of persons travelling between Southport aod «Briehcno bad f aUon-aff. As the season opened and Ihc weather fcacamo more .settled, the taa,f/îc .would, it waa behaved, ^greatly improoe, and tke director« anticipated ?that the next btolf-yearlv report would show a jsetisfactory return ,on the capital ex- panded on the "¿Natoaç." The «opart and balance sheet wereadopted, and the sharotolders expressed themseUos as ¿horoughlj- satisfied whL the results and the prospects. Tho rule affecting tho elcctioc of directors was altered, and the number reduced from seven to «five. The following were -elected directors for the ensuing half-year :-Messrs. T. Lcnncberg, D. Biggs, ¡a. H. Webb, G. E. v&ooper;, and C «O'Reilly. Instruction« wero .given to the ( .directors to insure the steamer fez- a moderate ¿.mount. It waa reportai that tbo Natone would be placed on tho slip on Monday next for A complete overhauling, and that running would probably be resumed at the «beginning of Nocember. ME. EBENEZER THOBKH addressed the ratepayers of S«To. 1 subdivision, in tho West End ßlate school last night There were about 100 persons present. After come difficulty a ohuirman was obtained in the per- son of Mr. X. W. Raven. Mr. Thorne stated that he did not propose to become a candidate, as he had originally intended, because he now thought be was not fitted for the position. He then advocated the widening of Stanley-street. At the conclusion of his address there was some question as to whit the meeting had been called for. A couple of speakers had a passage at arms. Mr. Thorne then settled a few doubts about the meaning of certain parts of the Divisional Boards Act, but at last the chairman declared the mooting to have no object mid losedit. PROFESSOR SEAL'S Botanic Gardons Band ' will perform the following high-class pro- gramme this afternoon at i o'clock, weather permitting:-Grand march, "Cremorno"(Sum- mer) ; selection, "Grand Duchess" (Offenbach) ; valse, "Ma Mignonno" (Riviere); fantasia, " Salutation" (Voiliers) ; pot-pourri, " Pre- ciosa" (Weber); romance, " Jocondo" (Régi)î valse, "Fairy Voicei" (Crowe); cavatina " BclÍ8ario" (Donizetti) ; galop, " Ring" (Farmer) ; God save the Queen. THE worst fears entertained with regard to Mr. J. A, Buchanan have unfortunately been realised, as his body was discovered floating in the river yesterday morning. About a quarter to 8 o'clock a man named Peter Behan, while standing on Messrs. Howard Smith's wharf watching some men engaged coaling one of the steamers from a punt, observed a body floating near the wharf a little distance from the coal punt. Behan, after attracting the attention of others to the body left in order to report the matter to the Roma street police authorities. In the meantime Constable Downie, who was on duty at the Bight, was informed of the fact, and he at once proceeded to the wharf. With the assistance of some willing hands the body was recovered, and at once recognised as that of Mr. J. A. Buchanan. The remains were afterwards taken to the morgue, where they were viewed by a large number of the deceased's friends prior to the post-mortem being made by Dr. Tilston. It appears that prior to leaving his residence on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. Buchanan mentioned to his wife that he intended to see off from the wharf Mr. E. Booker, of Mary- borough, who was leaving for home about 9 o'clock that evening by the steamer Derwent. It is evident, that after leaving his friends at the Post Office Hotel on Tuesday evening, as already stated, Mr. Buchanan went to Howard Smith's wharf with this object, and either in his endeavour to board the steamer, or while walk- ing along the wharf, fell into the river. Pro- bably the reason nobody, so far as known, saw Mr. Buchanan on the wharf was that the night was very dark, just before the storm which occurred that evening. The gold watch found on the deceased shows that it stopped at seven minutes past 8pm, which, taken in conjunction with the fact that he left the Post Office Hotel at half-past 7 o'clock, indicates that the deceased must have gone to Messrs. Howard Smith's wharf after leaving his friends, instead of first going home, as was his original intention. Mr. Buchanan was a native of Enniskillen, Ireland, and was 62 years of age. He was the son of a farmer, and, after leaving school, was employed on several important railway works until coming to the colony some twenty-two years ago. He engaged on coming to Brisbane as clerk with the members of the Co-operative Butchering Company, then just started, and after about eighteen months joined Messrs Mooney and Ramsay as a partner. He has re mained an active partner in the business ever since, and has for many years been known as one of the most successful men in the colony. He was at work every morning at 5 o'clock, and though possessed of ample means never spared himself in working the business, The deceased was a man of very kindly nature, and there are many in Brisbane who owe their good positions to his help. Mr. Mooney is now the only one left of the three who took up tho Co- operative Company's affairs and worked them to such a successful issue. Mr. Buchanan leaves a wife and four children, who have the sympathy of the community in their sad and sudden bereavement. Mr. Buchanan's funeral is arranged to take place this morning at 11 o'clock from Downing-street, Spring Hill. THE Commissioner han rccoivod information from the 'Rockhampton police that tho body of George J. Brodie, of Purbrook, contractor for the telegraph'lino from Springsure, was found on Meteor OBowns-road, ninoteen miles from I Springsure, on the 13th instant. Ho had boon seen in Rolleston on tho Oth instant, and must have died tho same night. The body was found lying by the aSiiea of a uro, the head rooting on the saddle. Tho body, which waa fully drosnod, waa much decomposed when found on the 13th. An inquiry is-being held. The deceased used to complain of heart disease. THE S. iL Heratd of the 19th instant «ays : " In connection with the proposals for tho establishment of'the Queen's Jubilee Memorial Institute, there-800K18 to be a slight misunder- standing between tho respective Governments of Victoria and tiri s colony. A few dayo ago wo published a oqpy of a telegram which Sir rPatrick Jennings -addressed to the Premier of .each of the neighbouring colonies, containing certain suggestions as to the monetary contri- butions by tho Australian Government« and New Zealand towards tho formation of tbo ? proposed institute,; of the possibility of which .suggestions he dceirod to obtain an expression of rho views of tho.differcnt Govcrnmente. Tho ..Premier has not, wo aredEformed, received any reply to that telegram, and lias been somewhat surprised at the statements contained in a .paragraph which appeared in one of our Mel- bourne contemporaries. Upon seeing thin .paragraph, which was evidently written upon information supplioi irom official sources, ho addressed the following telegraphic message to the'Victorian Premier:- Mn Friday's issue of the Aroas it is stated, apparently on official .authority, thot you recently addressed to each >of tho neighbouring Governments a circular telegram engeesting that a sum of £20,000 bo jointly contributed by tho Australian colonies toward» the establinhiiiont oü the Queen's Jubilee Memorial Institute ; and that to that telegram tMa Government had not replied. I i have now to say that no such .communication hoe been received by this Govctmnent, tho only telegram from, youonthcimbjcct being one dated 1st instant, intimating that you-had instructed your Agent- Goncral to make inquiries aa to the estimated coat of carrying out tho pro- posals. This «Government waa then pursuing a similar course, and on receipt of further in- formation despatched the circular telegram of 13th instant, up-^o which date no communica- tion whatever otter than your ehort message to which'I have referred hud been received from you. Had your proposal beeu placed before this Government, it would have re- ceived our most respectful, prompt, and cor- dial consideration, and tbo necessity of my circular mooaage of 13th instant would have been cntinely obvinted. But until to-day, when for thc.first time I saw the paragraph in <¡he Argut, .»ot only was I unaware of the sgreement between Sfictoria and the other colonies, but ï was oven unawaro of your pro pesition itself. (Signed) P. A. JENNINGS, Premier.'" TUB Rev. W. .Osborne Lilley will preach to- morrow evening on "The Young Colonials how thall we train them ? " ?"-Du. YORK will «deliver ibis laBt lecture in Brisbane to-morrow evening in the Gaiety Theatre, the aubjeet boing " What I Know about Ghosts." PKOPBSOH PEPPK& announces the removal .of his laboratory to Mr. Yoc's, 118 Edward street. His chemistry floss begins on Tuesday next. THE Misses Joran, assisted by Mdlle. Aldioi and Sigcor Lencioni, will give a concert in the Town Hall on Wednesday next, in the presence of the Acting,Governor and suite. ATTENTION is dra-vn by advertisement in another column io the conditions of the com- petition for the prize of a box of wood carv- ing tools offered lor the best ecampl» of wood carving shown at the anuual Exhibition in August next. THE matron of the Diamantina Orphanage desires to arknowlrdg« «¡th thanks a present for the children of Wa. from the Ven«rable Archdeacon Dawes, papers from Mrs. H. P. Abbott, and » load of cabbages from Mr. Saunders, of Nundah. A corr or amended rules and regulations regarding the management of the Government Remount and Landing D«pô^, Garden Reach, are published for general information in to- days "Government Gazette," in supersession of the rule« previously circulated. 