The Storyteller. The Treasure of Thorburns.* CHAPTER IX. THE TREASURE. BY FREDERICK BOYLE. " MENDEL'S" is the great bank of Shuttleton, a house so well established that the Joint-stock Companies have not yet injured it. The head of the firm at this time, called "Jim" by that irreverent population, was recognised of course by the county fAmities; could he have been persuaded to joint the Church his position would have become regular forthwith. For, besides his acknowledged claim, Mr. Mendel kept the harriers, and gave handsome enter tainments. But this gentleman, rather simple in other matters, had one crank. He belonged to the Brotherhood of which Mrs. Fanshawe was a member. The rough craftsmen and straggling employe's of Shuttleton liked this persistence. " Old Jim" was still one of them selves, so long as he attended the ugly, mean, little chapel, though his carriage had a crest, and his hones were thoroughbred. Arthur Mendel, however, had been trained in the modern school, which was so little satis factory to his father's partner that he insisted the young man should take no active part in the business. This resolution was conclusive proof, had any been needed, of Mr. Brown's shrewd ness and insight. For there was no harm in Arthur Mendel. He had not a single bad quality apparent, whilst showing the rudiments of several virtues—rather a muff, not very much of one, but inclined that way, the fastyouths of the neighbourhood thought him. His father made a liberal allowance, and he spent it freely in little "games" of various sorts, but never beyond his means. Mr. Mendel was not exacting even in his demands for attendance at chapel. Though he allowed himself to be reckoned among the Brethren, Arthur seldom appeared in their midst. Of late years, however, he had grown less patient, and the idea of a trip to South Africa was not unconnected with the proceed ings of the Elders. Shuttleton felt a good deal of interest when it was announced that old Jim's only son was returning, after adventures mysterious as awful. There was some talk of triumphal arches, but common sense rather than enthusiasm was the Srevailing characteristic of the borough, and it ropped unperceived. The Brethren, however, made up their minds to receive the traveller in state, and Hubert was appointed to represent Mrs. Fanshawe. Her family and Mr. Mendel's were the only persons of standing who belonged to the small connection. This lady dwelt in a large, cheap, old house, flat and square, away from the haunts of busi ness, though in the town. I have little to say •bout her, for there is little to tell. What cha racter she had in a secular point of view seemed to have been knocked out by the wreck of her fortune. When the son and daughter-in-law came home, they had an ingenious explanation ready to account for the transfer of their visit from Littlo Thorburns to Scarborough, and it was backed by a diplomatic note from Mr. Esking. The old lady accepted it, as she accepted other things, not satisfied, but uncomplaining. Hubert did not like his commission. Those worthy ciders had always regarded him with strong disapproval, and he was delivered into their hands. They know much more of his proceedingsthan Mrs. Fanshawe did, and inthe meetings summoned to decide what steps should bo taken to welcome Arthur Mendel their thunders broke upon his hoad. Hubert was not regular at chapel, and, besides, it would bo injudicious to risk offending their second-beat convert. Now was an opportunity of rebuking the backslider, and they adjourned time after time. He stood firo very woll, sustained by a lethar gic temperament, good humour, and utter in difference. Mendel's return was n pleasing event, and for his own reasons Hubert would •The righr.of publication in Queensland of *' The Treasure of Thorburua" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. have wished to take a leading part in the wel come. He reconciled himself to the annoyance as well as might be. The fact is that Arthur had furnished a pretty regular income to his associates. Though he would not play high he played often, and with bad luck as extraordi nary as was his want of skill. Hubert trusted that those halcyon days would return. Mr. Baking's loan—which he regarded as a gift—had enabled him to pay almost all his debts. There are few things in life bo properly to be termed " comparative" as embarrass ments, and the burden which may seem crush ing to a young man who has no resources beyond a mother's allowance would not be grave perhaps to one who enjoys a position and an income. The only creditor yet unsatisfied whose claim might be annoying under Certain conditions was Mr. Thwaite'a head clerk— Jackson* this good-natured fellow did not gamble himself, but he had a pleasing readiness to lend ilpdn stlcb security as young gentlemen can offer1 when their patents are solvent and pious, and reasonably affectionate; It is not to be understood that Jackson was a usurer or a bill-discounter. If his transactions were pub* lished, he had very little to fear. But in a friendly way, with the good-will of everyone concerned, he got an unusual interest for his spare cash. This gentleman Hubert had not paid, but the omission gave him no uneasiness. It was under stood between them, without the formality of a promise, that the accumulation of various small loans was not to be demanded until "something turned up." Hubert, therefore, felt not the slightest thrill of alarm when he met his creditor on the evening of the 6th, after an impressive seance with the elders. " You're back just in time for the great day," he said cheerfully. "Arthur Mendel cornea home to-morrow. We've just had a telegram. He brings a friend, it seems." " I can gite you further information. The friend is Bldred Thorburn—perhaps your ancle will be pleased to hear that, perhaps not. Are you on corresponding terms with him T' " With my uncle ? Bless you, we were as thick as thieves !" •'Are you? Well, I want my money, Fan shawe, and I should be glad if you could get it from him or somebody. " I say, this is sudden! What's the meaning of it?" " I can't see that any explanation is needed. You owe me nearly a hundred in notes of hand. I want it back, or security. That's all 1" " No, I can see it isn't aIL The moneys right enough, and you were as certain about that fact as I am before yon went on your holiday. Are you going to get married ? I say, don't r Jackson hesitated a minute. He was a good fellow, and loyal in his way. " Look here, Fanshawe, he said at length. "Your mother has been insane, but you will excuse me if I put it that she's a desperately good life—better than mine or yours, I dare say. I can't reckon much on her. Then there's your rich uncle. If you're as thick as thieves just get a trifle from him to go on with. I don't want to be hard. Say you give me five pounds a month for the next two years. There?" " I cannot ask the old boy just now. He gave me a handsome present the other day." "Did he? Then let me have my share; come 1" "I've paid it all away, Jackson, on my honour! Yours is the only debt I have left. Ask the other fellows that used to bother me. They'll tell you." "That's how a good-natured chap suffers. Well, you can afford five pounds a month. I'll draw up the agreement, and you shall sign it to-morrow." " I'm sure you've heard something. Come, now, we've been friends a long time, old man. Tell me honestly." "Well, I'll say there's a report that you've quarrelled with Esking, or he with you." "What a monstrous joke! He gave me a magnificent cheque when I bade him good-bye, and told me outright I'm down for something handsome in his will." " Bless me!" said Jackson, and hesitated. He really liked his debtor. " What do you mean?" " Why, it's a fact, as you say, that we've been friends a long time, Fanshawe, and we ye done a deal of business one way or another. I'll tell you so much; you should have stuck tight to the magnificent cheque, for it may be the last you'll get from old Esking." " Great Heavens 1 I say he told me at the last moment Do you mean that I'm cut out of his will?" " I mean just what I said. I've no confidence in your uncle as security for my loan. There ! Good night! If you see your way to pay off that little sum more quickly I shall be pleased to accommodate you. But five pounds a month I must have." " This isn't fair 1 Is uncle ruined ?" " Lord, no. If he was, should I tell of a client? Goodnight!" Jackson would say no more, but when Hubert came to put his hints together, dull though he was, the conclusion formed itself plainly in a few moments. Thwaite had drawn up a new will for Mr. Esking; Jackson had seen it—hence his motive to get in the debt, for Hubert Fan* shawe took no interest under that deed. The idea of regaining his uncle's favour did not occur for one instant. Stupid indeed the man must have been who, knowing Mr. Esking, thought to soften him; and Hubert was not stupid in this way. Besides, he had no oppor tunity. The blow made him savage, and the prospect of paying £5 a month for two years was actually desperate. But spite and malig nity were foreign to the man's nature. He could not be unaware that the incautious disclosure of Mr. Baking's plans gave him a certain hold, but, beyond deepening the sum of injustioe and treachery, this recollection had no effect. Herbert would have given a good deal for five minutes' quiet talk with his uncle on the subject, ending with a steady grand ' one from the shoulder," in satisfaction of his wrongs; rage carried him no further. But there wan another spirit in his household circle. The news that Eldred Thorburn accompanied the hero of the hour spread fast through tho town. Mr. Esking had been a great manufac turer, and, moro than that, a great notoriety or tho place; his withdrawal to Little Thorburns did not chill the public interest. Whon some body heard about "tho Treaaurc," and told tho Wend of it, with surprising scope of detail, at the tea-partios of Shuttlcton, it had great suc ensa. Popular instinct—so seldom wrong, though popular knowledge, taste, reasoning, and all else popular is rarely right—connected Mr. Esking with the story in a moment. And thus it happened that tho fojku of a busy town fifty miles away, of which his ancestors had never heard, were familiar with Eldred Tbor burn's name and family history to some degree. Kato was excited of course. After telling her mother-in-law, all over again, Hubert's battle with the dogs, and sketching with a lively fancy the aspect of Tborburns in its decay, she went out to call, with the pleasing assurance of ex clusive information. When Hubert got bac6t* supper—for Mrs. Panshawe kept the early ana virtuous hours of her youth—she bad not yet returned. What Kate said, what Mrs. This and Miss That replied, with excursions sug gested by the circumstance, furnished conver sation of a sort The old lady took little share therein, and Hubert none at all, beyond giving the replique; but his wife had stores of talk enough for half-a-dozon. Her eyes were m sharp as her tongue, however, and she saw that Hubert was pre-occupied. In fact, he had a desperately unpleasant task before him. If £5 » month must be deducted from his allowance for so long a time, it was absolutely necessary to give Kate an explanation. Supper ended, Mrs. Fanshawe went to1 bed, and Hubert withdrew as usual to enjoy ft cigar in the street—or elsewhere. His mother had points of humane intelligence, and she recog nised that a young man must have some freedom; showing therein the common sense of an elder generation, fo* Kate did not willingly make this allowance. But this evening Hubert returned after an absence n.ot longer than may reasonably be granted for' smoking a cigar, and then she knew that something was wrong. In the security of their bedroom he confessed his trouble, with the slight deviation from truth that he referred Jackson's debt to the expenses of a time in which Kate might feel a gentle interest—his courtship. But she did not believe a word, and flew into violent passion, upbraiding him for his habits of drink and play, vowing she would let Mrs. Fanshawe know what hours he kept, and so forth. Hubert had not meant to tell in the same day his present difficulty and Mr. Baking's treacherous conduct, but troubled imagination did not suggest any other theme to divert the torrent of abuse; out it 8)11 came, and the manoeuvre was success ful. Kate's sentiment for Mr. Esking, and for Hilda also, was no less thun hatred, and she turned her wrath on them for the moment. So Hubert was led, acting unconsciously upon the strategic principle of pushing by the line of least resistance, to tell what he believed now was the secret reason of Mr. Esking's ill-will— his refusal to aid in stealing the Treasure. Kate could not believe her ears. She declared it must have been a dream. Not till all the circumstances were repeated in detail, and Hubert recalled his impatience that night when she and Hilda lingered in the Charter Boom—impatience for which he had been vehemently rebuked on going to bed—not till then would she admit the truth of his amazing story. But when convinced uho sat up, laughing with fierce content. "Dear uncle shall rue the day ho was such an ass as to trust you with a secret. We have him now. It's all clear as daylight. When he heard how you killed the dogs, he thought, ' Here's the man for me—brave, and strong, and a fool.' Then you refused, and to keep you quiet he promised to remember us in his will. I see it. How could dear undo suppose you would find out that he was lying ?" "Itis a strange chance, isn't it? If I hadn t owed Jackson that money he would never have told me about the will" " I don't grudge him £5 a manth now. It's cheap for all he has done. Oh, uncle shall repent his behaviour I" •• But, my dear, what can you do? Of course he has given up the idea now young Thorburn is coming home." , . , 14 Of course he has done nothing of the kind! If I saw the new will I could tell you who is going to help him in your place. But I know I It's young Genest, and he's down for a thumping legacy—or for a wife! Yes, that's it. I saw how he was in love with Hilda. Leave me alone. Go to sleep, my dear. I've got some thing to think about." " But be careful, for heaven's sake, Kate. You may bring an awful scandal in the family, and put me into a most unpleasant position. Uncle has only to deny it, and where are we?" "He won't deny when we prove it Go to sleep, I tell you 1" " But, my dear, young Thorburn » coming home. What are you to prove?" " He's coming, but he hasn't come yet At this very moment, I dare say, your dear uncle and George Genest are at work!" Kate was wrong as to time. At that moment Mr. Esking sat, beaming with intelligent pla cidity, in the drawing-room at Bolum Castle. George arrived before the hour of starting, and found him dressed in the Charter Boom. " I have fulfilled your condition," said Mr. Esking, taking his hand. "We may con gratulate each other, George, shortly." "Hilda consents?" "You may leara for yourself, as soon as she comes down, if there is time." " I couldn't to-day 1 It is a horrible bargain on my side, though not, I hope, on hers. What did she say?" , , _ . , " Very little—in fact, nothing, after I bad explained my wishes." "But what was it?" " Why, to speak frankly, she said she did not care for you in that way, George—that is, she corrected herself, the idea had not passed through her mind. But if I desired it very much she had confidence in my affection and my judgment Most marriages seem to be very unreasonable and very silly. She hopes hers will not be so bad as some, and she thinks it will not. That was all that passed." " All ?" " Actually all, upon my honour! Then she kissed me, and went to dress in good spirits." "I have to win her love yet, but, please heaven, I will. I could not speak now, even if there was new encouragement Let it remain there for a time." "You are satisfied, however?" "Quitfi satisfied. I will pay the price. I would risk ruin in this world and the next for " And I for knowledge! Then we'll start if she's ready." They found her in tho breakfast room, looking out of tho window. She turned, showing no embarrassment, but colouring slightly as she took George's hand. Her eyes mot his with a strango expression—curiosity, and doubt, and frank good-will were its leading motive;), perhaps. They set off ••' 'nco. Mr. Esking talked pleasantly, ar'l the others replied at such length as was needful. George recovered hi 3 spirits in Hilda's presence. He Tvni a man who could direct his brain to the fntnr«, but his soul lived ip the present, Before this type of absolute loveliness <^o«S» w™?™l^* only that she had promised to be his. The View of the reward obscured the sacrifice. Sir Philip Bolura and her ladyship, their song and daa K hter and governess, their antique abode and its memorials, "-ould deserve a note, had I room for it. They* re all' »st°nl9. he. d ** Hilda's beauty, seen now for the brst time under circumstances that displayed rt to per. feetion. Mr. Eaking was never indifferent to hfcr daughter's dress, but he made no remark* so lot.* a* it was fresh and graceful. Two years before he had instructed M. Worth to fulfil any commission from her, and ho too* its for granted that her pretty thingsi came from Paris. Few of them appeared in the bill, b«t when Hilda let it be nnderstood that she paW cash for common dresses Mr. Esking asked no questions. He complacently wondered how she found the needful, but kept his wonder to himself. The robes of ceremony, however, Hilda would not undertake, and t*"**6™ actnally supplied from time to time by m. Worth. Miss Bolum was astonished andi"W pleased to note that her dress was as exqu'***' as her face and figure. It was near 11 o'clock when they drove away, after inspecting the treasures of the Castle. Heavy rain had fallen, but the moon shone brightly now, almost at the fulL Unaccus tomed to adventures of this kind, George had not given a thought to the chances of the sky, and this brilliant radiance, recalling painfuUy the work in hand, filled him with dismay. He almost hoped for a moment that Mr* Eskmjf had forgotten also, and would give up his plan 5 bat a glance in that smiling, calm, ckeerfult face dispelled the pleasing hallucination. His' spirits died out Wanklyj a sick exciteimatf g'(Jn earrival at Little Thorbnnw, Hilda went to bed at once. George stayed only to hear again, in an impressive whisper, his in structions, and drove away. He had made himself acquainted with the spot where nis dogcart was to be concealed near the fate of Thorburns, and then—with a mind perpetually/ recurring to bolt at full gallop—ho awwta* Mr. Eskmg. ... . „ j It was not long, or he might have followed his idea. Within twenty minutes a figure, white from top to toe, came gliding through the ehadows of the avenue. There was no man on earth more disposed by nature or training to disbelieve in ghosts than was young Genest, but conscience and terror are onr masters when they get a hold. Ho stood paralysed an instant —his flesh bristled; but before h© could tarn Mr. Esking's low voice reached him, " What's the meaning of this V Georg* asked " I forgot to tell you. Here is your gbently eqmpmen^ .^'j^ efl6Ct> Sullenly, but obediently, George took the robes. "You see," Mr. Esking continued, "I reckoned with the moon—come under the trees. In the first place, it enables as to dispense with a light, and in the seeend it transforms us, with the htlp of a table" cloth judiciously arranged, into supernaiwalt and awful beings, not to be meddled wftlw irresponsible and unaccountable. Thus legen* is made." His tone was almost joyous in its eaße. George felt the influence, but he could not speak. They walked on beneath the shadow to the tower archway. "It is here," said Mr. Esking, who betrayed excitement at last. "And here are the tools. I've measured the distances exactly. One hour's work, or perhaps not that—and then!" From amidst the ivy he produced a pickaxe, two besoms, a crowbar, and two spades. " We* may break one," he muttered. . Through the open doorway and the latueea' broken windows of the Clock Tower the moonlight streamed, giving a misty solemn glow to the vaulted room. It was half full of rubbish and discarded implements, but they stood against the walls, leaving a central area. Mr. Esking stood in the very middle, measured the space thoughtfully once more with his eye, and struck his crowbar on the worn pavement, which resounded hollow under the blow. " This is the spot; now I" He no longer hesitated. "Le vin est bit^/attf le boiref" George said to himself, and the old proverb droned in his ear with monotonous* iteration, keeping time to every movement, is the long hour that followed. The cement was hard, but when in ages long gone by, at the date of Edward Thorburn, that pavement was laid, the imaginatian of builders did not go beyond rough flints for material. They were worn smooth upon the surface, but when the first, unbodded half its diameter, had been forced out the rest was easy. Mr. Esking worked like a young man; those night sounds which made George's heart leap had no effect on him. A space 2ft. square was uncovered, th<> pebbles ranged neatly alongside in the order of their extraction for relaying. Then George took a spade, whiM his companion loosened the earth around. They dug 12in., 18in., 2ft— and Mr, Esking became anxious. "It cannot be much deeper," he muttered. "Edward Thorburn was in haste. What's that ?" He seized a bit of somo material, not earth, which George threw out. "Old steel! Now we are upon it 1 Be careful—be careful 1" " There's a hollow here—yes, and something like a box!" Mr. Esking pushed him furiously aside, and fell upon his knees, scooping at the soil. "It is a box, but not wood or metal. Oh, what a fool I was not to think of leaden ! Oh, what a fool 1" " What do you mean ?" George asked. But the old roan laboured unheeding. " Tough and firm as the day it was buried," he murmured to himself. "In this dry place, protected by a casing, it would last to the Day of Judgment! Well, well! I have it at last 1" "But you remember your promise? For twelve months it is not to be opened." " You have my word of honour, sir," Mr. Esking replied irritably. " Now let us get it out —quick !" That was very difficult, for, though the leaden chest was small upon the surface, it was deep and hoavy. "Don't bo so rough," George remonstrated. "You will break it." The other paid no attention, but the material held. Gradually they workrd it out, and at, length iloposited the rude old kiat, shapeless with earth and mould, upon the floor. Mr. E'ikinpr fell upon it—"At last! At last!" ho exclaimed, passing his hands round lovingly, eagerly. " Don't make more noiso than can be helped," George cried. ".See, you havo knocked oif great flakes of soil. L-* us fill up and pel usv&y;, ia ivavon'H n.uae —if it isn't blasphemy to speak of heaven here !" H« would not allow the further search which Mr. Biking desired, but threw in the rubbish passionately. There was not enough to make the ground even, and they collected such broken tools and things as lay to hand, swept the earth on them, spread a layer of cement, •ad embedded tho pebbles neatly. George had not patience for this. He wanted to fly the spot. But Mr. Esking toiled on methodically, and would not desist till his eye was quite content. Then he strewed dry dust above, brushed it with his handkerchief to smooth out the footprints, and surveyed his work. " Now, George, we will go. A Red Indian would not suspect that this ground has been disturbed." They slung the chest upon their crowbars, •nd hastily made off, following the narrow weed-grown path that led to the garden door and through it. The moon was lovely by this time, and they kept beneath the shadow of the wall and shrubs—reached the veranda, crossed it, and gained the Charter Room. Not a word passed until the Treasure had been deposited in one of those capacious chests, and locked securely. " Now it is safe!" Mr. Esking whispered, " and lam the happiest man in England! To you I owe it, George, and believe me, if I could not pay tho debt, my gratitude would be pain ful. fi*>re is whisky—take a full glass and go ! Heaven bless you, my boy !" " How shall I go ?' said George, pausing with the bottle iv his hand m a thought struck him suddenly. "Not by tho way we camo! No, not if my salvation depended on it" " I will go with you." " No, no !" He drank greedily and filled again. " I tell you I dare not! Let me out through the front door." " Well, well! Go quietly, though there's no danger." They went out, Georpre almost reeling with the excitement and the strong liquor. Mr. Esking unlocked the door stealthily. " Good night, my dear dear boy ! You will come in the morning ?" It was morning long ago, but not dawn. Georgo hurried along tho road, fragrant with the perfumes of summer night. An intense relief, a horror of rumour and dread, a wild triumph in the thought that Hilda was won, tumultuously mingled in tho confusion of his spirit* which the drink had stirred. Ho found the dogcart safe where it had been left. Baylcave* threw up her head and snorted as he touched her, quivering with impatience. At another time, knowing the hour so well, George would have recognised these symptoms; ho recognised them now, indeed, but paid no attention. After leading her out and soothing her, he tried to gain lm seat; but the moment her head was free tho mare broke into a sharp trot. This manoeuvre, repeated several times, roused the young man's passion. He jerked the bit and struck her. After this correction Bayleayes stood like an effigy until he turned then, hia foot upon the step, sprang forward. George fell headlong backwards, and the wheel passed over him. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 