ARCHBISHOP WHITGIFT AND MR. KIRBY. TO THB EDITOR. sir— 1 have agreed all along tnat ureen wood, Barrowe, and Penry suffered under the Libel Act But I also maintain that that Act was a niece nf ferocious wickedness, and that Whitgif t was the real power who caused it to be carried into effect in bringing the three Congregational ministers to the gallows. The passage in H&llam; is the one I meant That is a strange way of convicting a man to s.iy that Penry seems never to have denied the authorship of the mar-prelate tracts. Penry waB tried for writing the draft of a petition to the Queen and certain observations thereon which he had never published, but had among his private writings. Whitgift was the first man to sign the warrant of execution. I object to saddling the mar prelate tracts on Penry because he did not seem to deny their authorship. In reply to Rev. J. W. Owen I observe— 1. That I allow that the law of God demands from men perfect obedience all the days of their lives, in youth and age, and that our Saviour is the realized ideal of righteousness— the perfect man, whom one should copy to the best of their ability. 2\. I believe that, account for it how we may, human beings are born with a strange tendency '.to ^go wrong, and they find it laborious work to obey the monitioiis of con science and the precepts of the divine law. 3\. Hence I find the divine law presents before me a moral ideal of tremendous height and glory, and I find men morally in capable of realizing that law, incapable of doing what they ought 4. Hence all Christiana hold the need of redemption and regeneration. Man needs the visitation and constant help of a regenerative, sanctifying, abextra power to heal the wound in his inner nature, and to strengthen him so that in lime he may overcome sin and attain perfect obedience. 5. But tha power to completely and constantly obey the divine law ib not given in water baptism, even if I allow (which I did not) that a seed of regene ration is placed in the human spirit by means of a material agent At best there is but a limited power given. The proof is that none of these baptised children by any chance ever grow up free from actual sins, and most of them are abundant in sins. 6\. Now, knowing as the Anglican clergy do, that the vow will never be kept, that in the nature of the case it cannot be kept, there is something very sorrowful in seeing pastors and guides requiring such a vow from unconscious infants by the mouths of their supposed representatives. There is something equally sorrowful in asking the same vow from the young at confirmation. Could not the promise be modified to say that they will 'try' to keep all God's commandments, and ' try ' to renounce the world, the flesh, and the deviL But to demand from every infant by its sponsors an absolute promise and vow of perfect life-long obedience to the divine law in its awful height and depth is an awful thing to do, There is no authority whatever in the Scriptures for Buch demand. Where does the Bible say that godfathers shall be provided to make these tremendous vows before a babe is baptised? 7. The demand for repentance, faith, and obedience from the adult is no warrant for asking these vows from babies. The people to make the promises are the parentB and guardians who Bhould be asked to promise for themselves that the]; will try to bring up their children in the faith, love, and obedience of Christ. 8\. And think what sort of people are allowed to be sponsors and make thsse promises. I had a little Roman Catholic nursegirl who became a godmother in the Church of England. I have known every Bort of religious and moral character allowed as sponsors to make these vows in the names of children. One clergyman's daughter was godmother to a great number because she was always at hand to promise three things in a baby's name. I think the Church of England might well imitate the dissenters and materially modify the promises they ask. She would find it wholesome. Besides, what is the good of Christians pretending to be so much better than they are ? It makes the world think we are all hypocrites. What is the use of Anglicans promising such an extraordinary quantity of righteousness 1 The best for us all is to profesB a little less and do a little more ; anam piety is hateful to gods and men. I am a firm believer in the corporate character of the kingdom of God and in the Catholic Church, but I do not identify them with prelatic religions organizations, nor Congregational Church organizations. By one spirit are all Christians baptised into one body, even the mystic body of Chris t The Holy Ghost puts human beings into the eternal corporation of Christ, which is a thing infinitely superior to the sun of prelatic organizations. Misguided Christians, with all the anathemas they make, are not able to put their brethren out of the true coporeity of Christ. We do not despise the kingdom, bat we think the king dom ot our Lord Jesus Christ does not con sist of prelates, sacraments, and ceremonies, but of righteousness, peace, and joy in the flcly GhoBt— vide St. Paul. We dissenters have the grand view of, and belief in, the Catholic Church. We(have a far profounder yiew of spiritual corporation than those who, in their deplorable lack of vision, place pre latic institutions in the position which en lightened Christians only give to the Im mortal Bride of the Eternal Bridegroom. I am, Sir, &a;, J. C. KIRBY. Faithlessness of the Dancing Man.— Hostess — '* You're not dancing. Miss Plump ington. Shall I get you a partner ?' Miss Plum pin gton— ' Oh, I always gee plenty of partners; but I'm rather near-sighted, you know, and somehow I can never manage to find them.' — Punch. 