THIE OLD WINDMILL, "IIn a general way," said Miss Alma rryce, " I doa care a button for the Fine Arts. But I'o ofteni thought tlhat I should lilkes to hIave a picture of tihe old windmill at Otloy on theo Wlharfe. It was just made to be painted, with a lot of tumble.down stones and a grove of willows, and tile water foaming over the boulders likesoapsuds on a washing-day. 1 wonder tlu artists never have found the place out. l'vo seen many a spot painted and framed thalt couldn't hold a candle to tlhe old mill.' Doris Field said nothing. 8sheo only poured out Miss Ahnas's tess, sId asited, in a soft, subdued voice, if also would havo two lumps of sugar or one. Susan Pelhams went on buttering Iher slice of dry toast sitlhoutraising her eyes from her plato. Bothl these young women Ihad imbibed considerably of the criisL crzc, and bhelioved tshat thecy could develop into RIIs.a lolnheurs, if only thie opportounity was r.iuesafcd them. Both dabhbled in water eclours, nads sletehled in oils, and attended classes at Ithel l.edlsSclhoolof Art. And both of thelom were ox ,ce :lihgly anxious to staod well in the good looks of their rich spinster aunt. " I'll go th OLlty tosmorrow," said Susan to hIerself. " ,11 save that olhl miill sketched before thie world is thirtsy.ix hours older," decided Doris Field. And tie next day these enterprising young women made sundry excuses to leavotheoir aunt in clharge of old lMrs. Mainwaring, a far-off cousin, who had come to spend a few days in Yorhkhire. "Going awayl' exclaimed Aunt Alma. "And where, for tnercy's sake?" Doris looked guilty. "There is nothing particular for me to do in Leedo justnow," said she. "And I promised a Irieid in Wihrfcdalo to go down and makeo a crayon picture of her tittle girl." " Oh !" amid AUnt Alma, " you won't be gone long, will you ?" ' Oh, certainly not," said Doris. Susan Pelhamn could get away easier still. She had an old step-grandmother somewhere, to whom ohlo felt it necessary - or, at least, so she said-to lshow hier filial devotion. " lBut I don't see why you both need go at once," said Miss Pryce, wistfully. "It will only be for a little while," said Susan, plausibly. Doris went up bytho noon train, and aliglhted at Artllngton. Susan took thie tlhree o'clock expres., which stopped only at likley, the next station beyond -botween which two points the old mill near Otloy stood on the picturesquo winding Wharfe, "Can you tell me," said Doris, accosting the first person aho met beyond Otloy, with her sketclhinog materials under hier arm, "where tihe old windmill is ?" Thoe "First Person "was an old woman carrying a berry bhasklot, witha dilapidated sun bonnet flapping over her face, and a man's boots on. " Just down the road a piece," said she, pointing witl hier slkinny finger. "Your husband meaning to live there "'' 'Doris blushed pink as a rose. How was she to ex. plain to this modern Mleg Merrilie. that she had no snelh an appendageo as "a husband."' "Because," added lthe Ancient One, "nobody can stay there on account of the ghost." " What I" ried Doris. "It's haunted0'! said the old crone. "A woman walks thero up and down the garden-paths. I've seon her many a time. Lots of people hlave c:,om thecre. But tlioy all movoaway. Tell your husband so.' And ebo lighted a short black pipe that she carried, for greater convenience, in her pocket, and began to smoke as she trudged off. "This makes matters more interesting still," said Doris to herself. "A ghoatl How perfectly delight Susan FPelhalm, on'heor part, having comoen bya 'bus from IlklcVy, and alighted after passing through Burley, had enquired hier way of a small boy who sat on a fence is little way fromn the paper mill outside Otley. "Tell yo for a penny," said tlhe small boy; nud when tihe coin was duly produced, hie graciously indicated 1th direction bho was to take with a nod of his hacnd. "Cannot you go with me, and snow me just where the placo is ?" said she, coaxingly. " Don'want to," said the smnall boy. " Folks says there's a ghost there, I'm afeared of ghostesses." But tihe direction, altloughn sufficiently leogthy, was, perhaps, niot strictly accurate, for Susan lost hier waytwice, and it was dusk when sheo came in sight of the old windmill. "I canst do much at siketchling to-nighlt," thought shloe, "but I can takle a good look at the place, and come back early in thie miornig. How fortunats that I lavo discovlred a respectable lodging-place at liiurlOy." Thie old wiindmill was a tumbsoedown structure, beautiful with all the wild attraction of age, its wills garlanded with ivy, its windows guiltless of tlhe glazier's art, seeming to gaze at you with the fixed, vacant glareof a blind man's eyes. In the miiddle distanco foamed tle river, spanned by a rustic bridge in the last slages of picturesque decay, while the background wasformed of ash trees, branclhing olmso, and gnarled old oakls. Down horn in the valley darkness descended with uncomfortable rapidity. White mists floated up from the river; an owl hooted in the woods. Miss 'elhlam shuddered. " I--I wonder how it would seem to go into the old mill house," she thlought. At that instanta dimly glimmering figure appeared at one of the black, yawning windows-the figure of a woman. Susan Pelham uttered a shriek and sped away down theroadl as fast as slo could, fear lending wings to hier footsteps. Miss Doris F'ield, in the meanwhile, had also got to the mill, had unpacked hier sketching materials, and had really accomplished something before the twilight fell. "I should like to stay here all night," she said to herself. "It would be a new style of camping out. i've got a travelling shawl to wrap around me, and some biscuits and sherry. And as for tbohe ghost, I shlolldn't care a pin for hlier." * Almost as sue spoke the words, sllo went to the windowof thoe second story to lookl out at the wild picturesqueuess of the frlling night. And there, standing tall and spectral in the garden below, ihalf hidden by rising mists, was something, which turned and glidoedl away like a shadow into the windings of tlhe valley. Mliss F'ield uttered a shlrilok, caught up her sketchl ing portfolio, and fled for dear life, all ier courage ovaporatinlg very much like that of Bob Acres. Fiora ghostins ese was considerably more terrible t han a glhost it posse. And the old Meg Mlerrilies was right after all, in those dismal predictions of hero. In lthe little porlour of the wayside inn, these two demoralised young art students encountered one nnolher, breathless, pale, and trembling. " Susan l" cried Doris, "can tlis be you ?" "Doris !" gasped Susan. "What has brought gori~: hero ?7, " I came to sketch the old mill," said Doris. "So did I," acknowledged Susan. " I have just come from there'' said Dorle. "So have 1," said Susan. Doris grasped convulsively at her companion's arm. "Oh, Sutsan i Susan " said she. "I never shallget over this shock while I live I gsaw--the ghose in the garden!" Susan started. "Did you, really, Doris?" said she. "How very strange! And I saw it at the window, beckoning with its spectral arms." For a moment both of them stood looking at each other in silence. Then Dorisspokeo. "Susan," said she. "I wastho ghost at the win. dow." "And I," confessed Susan, "was the ghost in the garden." "We hIave both been idiots,"' said Doris. " iAnd fools," supplemented Susan. And then they relieved their overcharged feelings with a burst of hearty laughter. They .shared the same bed that night in the road. side inn at Surley, and the next morning went back together to tihe old windmill and finished their sketchesharmoniously. AndthSoghostnever troubled them at all. "There ain't no ghost," was mine host's comment, when ohe heard the tale. "It's old Mother Hooper keeps the story going, so that the property won't be sold. She pastures her cows free in themeadows now, and gets all the kindling wood she wants for nothing. That's all the ghost there is." The pictures were completed in due time, and presented formally to Aunt Alma on her birthday morning. Shilo was delighted, and gave hlier nieces a banhnote each, as a token of her entire satisfaction, "It's the old windmill itself. Justlike it was in my girl days," said she, " SIco of 'cm. It seems as if I could almhost pick the berries off the blackberry bushes at the back, and feel the cold spray of the river on my face. I never cared for art before, but I do now." 