POLITICAL PATRONAGE. Mr Bent sorrowfully informed the guests at the banquet of the Victorian Railway Employes' Association last night that political patronage was not, as some persons elected to consider, dead. On the contrary, it was, in his opinion, alive and kicking, if not like a full- grown and well fed Bull of Bashan, at any rate like a frolicsome kid. Members of Parliament, says the honorable member for Brighton, are constantly in the habit of travelling hundreds of miles at the expense of the public purse in order that they may introduce their constituents to the Commissioners with modest little requests for railways, now in one district and then in another. And why, asks Mr Bent pathetically, should they do so if political patronage were really dead? We can easily supply the honorable and enquiring member with an answer. It is in accordance with the " eternal fitness of things " that the representative ot the people should desire to "keep his memory green " in the minds of his constituents. It is not given to every one to represent a constituency within a few miles of Melbourne; and if the electors in a district perhaps a hundred miles from that city will, like the heathen of old, " rage furiously, " the gentleman to whose care they have entrusted their interests cannot but listen to the gentle music of their voices. Did he not do so, where, we ask Mr Bent, would be their votes at the next election ? At the service of his opponent. But it by no means follows because the practice of deputationising still exists that political patronage is co-existent with it. Mr Bent knows the method of procedure as well as we do, perhaps better. The honorable member tor Burriabogingalong introduces an "influential deputation" of his constituents, who consider that the promised railway in certain portions of that important and flourishing district should be commenced before any other. Th Commissioners gravely receive his assurances, and those of the deputation, that unless this railway is at once commenced, serious results may follow. Plans and statistics are laid upon the table. The local leaders orate upon the wants of the district and their own efforts to relieve them, and a picture is drawn of future traffic returns rosy enough to please the ghost of Cocker. The Commissioners listen placidly the chairman assures the deputation that, as a matter of fact, some particular line must be commenced before others, but that the statements of the deputation will receive the most earnest consideration of himself and his colleagues. He then bows. His colleagues bow. The honorable Member for the district bow. The deputation individually and generally bows, and then— to use the familiar language of the law court reporter— "The court adjourns for luncheon, " the Commissioners, of course, proceeding to discuss the question from a public and not a district point of view. Honorable Members know as well we know that the whole thing is a farce, or, as Mr Bent prefers to put it, a " fraud and if the electors do not know it also, it is not for the want of telling. Therefore, unless the honorable Member for Brighton can adduce some better proof of the existence of political patronage, we may still sleep easily. With the other suggestlon made by Mr Bent, that a Board of Appeal against the decision of the present Railway Board should be appointed we also join issue. The next modest request would be for another Board to revise the judgements of the one proposed ; and then another and another, like the descendants of Banquo The answer given by Mr Speight is an ample enough reply to this and similar suggestions. "I read the Act before I accepted the appointment," says that gentleman. " I considered it a good Act; but had I been told before I left England that I was going to have another Board appointed over me I would have stayed at home." We should think he would. We should think that any honorable and independently minded man would do the same, and the country may congratulate itself that such a man as Mr Speight has placed himself at its disposal. To all Intents and purposes, so far as the State Railways are concerned, political patronage is dead - and in the case of the Commissioners we do not see much probability of its revival. One thing these gentlemen may rely upon, and that is, that they will receive the hearty support of the Press and the public. As for Boards, we have enough of them to cover the country with hoardings. 