THE OPEN COLUMN. TO THE EDITOB. Sir. — A good deal has been said and written anent ghosts. Now, sir, as I belong to the fraternity known amongst aU persons as that old ghosts, and moreover possessing the power of writing and the faculty of inrnartinsr mv thoughts to Daner. it inst occurred to me that during my short stay in your town I would give the residents of your rising town the benefit of my midnight as well as my day time observations, you will readily see, Sir, that according to my peculiar construction I have the ability of passing through the street without attract ing the . least notice. In fact, Sir, I can take up my position at your very elbow and you would not know it, hence my privilege of evertii-aring things which are not intended for ether ears. I shall therefore endeavor with yonr permission to publish the thoughts, ambitions, aspirations and desires of pro minent members of the community, as well as of the various organisations and societies in and around M^ilftla, and after sojourning in your town for a short period I shall pay a visit to Dublin, Windsor, Wild Horse Plains and other towns which you consider subser vient to MaUala. It is not my intention of rambling abont at night seeing by bo doing I might possibly frighten some of the weaker sex, bnt should I alter my intention at any future occasion I shall insert a short adver tisement in the Bunyip in which I shall clearly indicate the object of my mission and also the route I intend taking. My mission is one of love to all. I want to instruct, to*educate, to advise, in a friendly way as ghoBts only can. Trusting that my well intentioned efforts will meet with satisfaction. Before closing I would intimate that any one desiring an interview with me must commit that wish to paper and address to the ghost care of the Editor MaUala Timu.— -Yours 4e., THE GHOST. [We will with pleasure publish your effusions Mr. Ghost. — Editor. J 1 ? Lkctctee.— The lecture on W. E. Glad atone, M.P. announced to be given on Wednesday by Father Mulholland of Gawler bad to be posponed through the smallnessof the audience. As scarcely any publicity had been given to the time when the lecture would be given it was scarcely reasonable to ezpact an audience. Some applied for their money, ?there preferred to take it out in a dance. A deal of sympathy was expressed for the Bev. gentleman who promised to give the lecture on some future occasion. Rev. J. J. Salmon.— We regret tc barn that the £«v. J. J. Salmon ef Two Wells is very iU and unable to take his ministerial work. 