SPORTING. THE MELBOURNE DERBT AND CUP. The Melbourne racing carnival began on Satur day. There was an immense attendance estimated at 40,000. The Vice-regal party arrived early, 'and the box set apart for their accommodation \- contained Sir Henry Loch, Governor of Victoria ; Lord Carrington, Governor of New South Wales ; Sir William Robinson,. Governor of South Aus \- tralia 3 Sir George Strachan, Governor of Tas mania; Admiral Tryon, Lady Loch, Lady Car rington, and other distinguished personages. Everything was in the best possible order, and the ? various stands were clean and bright looking. The recent rains had made the hill and flat look fresh and green. , The course was in splendid con dition, and the racing was of a very high-class order. The Australian Military Band performed . on the lawn, and the. Imperial Brass Band dis coursed sweet music on the hill. In honour of Lord Carrington's visit, the race 'books in morocco bindings used by the Vice-regal party were got up in his' riding colours — blue and \- buff — and the Vice-regal reception and retiring rooms were also decorated in the same tints. Melbourne Stakes.— Mile and a quarter. Mr. Loohes* Isonomy, by Wintierlake— Instep (Quirm) 1 Mr. S. Miller's Boolka (Oldes) ? 2 ' Mr. W. Eoyd's Bravo (Gallagher) ? 8 Time, 2 minutes 12£ seconds. ? The racing commenced with the Melbourne .Stakes, for which Sheet Anchor was first elected ' ffavourite, but when the horses assembled at the post, the friends of Isonomy gave him such ? 'genuine support that he started a better favourite than anything. Lord William cut ; out the work to the home turn, where Sheet Anchor appeared at the front, but was outpaced by Isonomy, who would have won had he not allowed Boolka to dash up on the inside and make a dead heat after a brilliant battle. The run off took place after the last race of the; day. Isonomy was most in fo.Trnnv anri ]ari Vw a. noiVIr +,r- +,110 disrn.Tirtf' wlipro after a pretty struggle he drew away and won comfortably by four lengths. ?.Hotham Handicap. — One mile and a half and a . distance. ? ' . ? . My. J. Whittingham's Claptrap, by Tim Whiffler— Talkative (Eamage) ... ' ? ? ' ... 1 Hon. Jas. White's Hexham (Huxley), ? ... 2 Mr. J. Smith's Lancer (Smith), ? ? ? Time, 2 minutes 52i seconds. ... - '. ? ' A dozen horses started for the Hotham Handi cap,, and Hexham was regarded as a good thing. Salvo and Hexam made most of the running, and at the last turn, something colliding with the former, Hexhamcame away, looking like a winner, but when fairly in the straight Claptrap came up with a great rush and, cutting down everything, won ' very easily by five lengths from the favou rite, who was quite unable to pace with him. ? Mabib'e'bnong Plate, for two-years-old ; colts, 8st 101b j fillies, 8st 51b. Five furlongs. ? -!Mr. 0. M'Donald's ? Hortense, by Gang Forward— , . , Josephine (Campbell) ? - ... 1 Mr. D. Cooper's Huntingtower, by Darebin — Atholine !' (Kelso) ? j(r. 2 Hon. W. Pearson's Bedouin, , by Darriwell— Black Gipsy (Power)... ... ... - ... ... ? S Time, 1 minute 74 seconds. . The Maribyrnong Plate candidates' were a rather poor lot compared with previous years. Hortense, a fine stripping filly, looked equal to carrying any weight, and the way. in which she sailed home with her heavy penalty proved her to be a downright good one. Huntingtower reversed the stable .notions by finishing before Miranda ...and Oceana, who looked thoroughly well. Esper ''ance stripped as well as anything in the race, and . is a beautiful filly, but extinguished her chance of winning by bolting at the tan crossing, where she ' quite overpowered the English jockey, Whiting ; and Lava only showed prominently at the last; furlong, where she travelled at a great pace. Hor tense won through sheer gameness, and so scored a second win for Adelaide. She was heavily backed by her party. THE DERBY. Victorian Derby— Colts, 8st 101b ; fillies, 8st 51b ; geld ings, 8st 71b. \\\, mile. Hon. James 'White's Trident, by Robinson Crusoe— Cocoanut (Hales) ? ''.. ... ?' ? 1 ? ? Mr. D. Cooper's Chesham, by Grand Flaneur— Lady Chester (Robertson) ? 2 Mr. A. , Blackwood's Aglaos, by-. Agremont— Aglia (Power) ? 3 Betting : 5 to '2 on Trident, 5 to 1 v Maddelina, 10 to 1 v Volcano, 15 to 1 each v First-Consul andChesham, 33 to 1 v Aglaos. Acme and Telephone being withdrawn, left the seven runners, and of the lot there were not two better looking colt3 ,than Kingfish and First ' Consul. The fittest horse of the lot was un doubetdly Trident, who did Mr. Michael Fen nelly, the prince of trainers, all sorts of credit. Maddelina also showed signs of having under gone a careful preparation, ditto Volcano, but none of the others appeared to be wound up, and Chesham was short of, work; so were First Consul and Aglaos, but the last- named is the unfortunate possessor of legs that will never admit of him going through anything approaching a severe preparation. Soon after the start Volcano ' took up the running, followed by Chesham, King ' fish occupying third place, in front of Maddelina , and Trident, who were apparently waiting on each other, and first Consul was last. These positions sufficed for three- quarters of a mile, when Mad delina refused to try, and Kingfish being beaten the favourite went into third place. Passing the. sheds Hales called on Trident, but he was unable to reduce the gap to any extent between himself and the leaders. By the time the home turn was commenced Volcano was apparently full of run ning, and considering how severe the pace had been, was going uncommonly well. Before reach ing the straight, however, Ellis was seen to be almost ejected from the saddle, Volcano from some cause or other coming in contact with the rails, over which he nearly fell,' and although Chesham didn't suffer in consequence, the accident knocked Trident out of his stride and caused him to lose several lengths. This didn't escape the notice of Chesham's rider, who seizing the opportunity made the best of his way up the straight, into which he held an advantago of nearly half-a-dozen lengths, and as1 Robertson was apparently sitting still, while Hales was bard at work on the favourite, a shout from thousands of lungs arose that Trident was beaten. Before reaching the distance, how ever, Chesham cracked up, and Trident finishing I with unflinching gameness, was enabled by his condition to last out the concluding furlong of a severely run race, and won easily by a couple of lengths. When the leaders began the actual racing their followers were left as if anchored, and Aelaos finished in third place 25 lengths be hind Chesham ; First Consul, who was ridden al most to a standstill, was soms lengths away fourth arid in front of Kingfiph, Maddelina and Volcano, who succeeded at long intervals. Nothing but condition won the day for the brother to Navi gator, whose sides bore unmistakable evidence how freely Hales had plied the ' hooks' in the run home ; and, but for Chesham stopping as fast as he did, it is doubtful if Trident could have got to him. Under all the circumstances Mr. Cooper's colt performed remarkably well, and it may be argued with a good deal of reason that Robertson made too much use of him and would have dis played better judgment in keeping his brilliant run till well on towards the distance post, instead of making it as he did at least a mile away. When Volcano had his show of winning put out by the accident, he was going well within himself. It is impossible to say how he would have run, but in the opinion of the majority of the spectators his followers would not have been able to catch him. First Consul and Kingfish were outpaced from the word ' go.' Aglaos was not forward enough, and Maddelina refusing to race, was out of it from the first half mile. It is worthy of note that Trident's friends never wavered in their allegiance, and he left the paddock with odds of 90 to 40 on him. The un certain Maddelina had also a host of friends, who supported her down to 5 to 1, but the others were comparatively friendless. Trident's victory brings with it one of the most severe blows the members of the ring have received for many years, the colt having been persistently backed throughout the winter, and such a certainty has the race been voted for him for weeks past that the betting on the race was literally paralyzed. Smitten hip and thigh have the principal metallicians been, more especially those whose business transactions are large, and although a ringing cheer from the stand greeted the New South Wales crack as he piloted his straggling field home, there was lamentation among the fielders. This is the third Derby within the past four years won by the Hon. James White, and the time made, viz., 2min. 89sec, is equal to the previous best on record. So much has been said and written of late about Trident that it is only going over well-trodden ground to repeat it ; but it may be remarked again that he was bred at Terara by Mr. De Mestre and sold as a yearling ito his present owner for 800 guineas. He is a remarkably well-bred colt, being by Robin son Crusoe, one of the champions of his day, from Cocoanut, by Mithorne, trom Miss Vivian by Rattle, and may be classed as one of the most sensational horses of modern times. Hales having been declared all right by the clerk of the scales, the blue ribbon was placed round Trident's neck, and he was led around the lawn, cheer after cheer following the hero of 1886. Selling Race— 7 f urlengs. Mr. R. Howie's Huron, by Powhattan— Mayfly, (Howie) ? 1 Mr. J. Reid's The Ghost (Gorry) ? 2 Mr. R. Maitland's Stafford (Fiddes) ? 3 Time, 1 min. 29 sec. Cobukq Stakes, 14 miles. G. Davis's Day Star, by Mercury—Grace Darling (Williams) ? 1 J. Coffey's St. John (Williamson) ? 2 C. Martin's Hoermanay (Robertson) ? 8 Time, 1 min. 57i sec. The Ghost was a great favourite for the Selling Race, but Huron won easily, and was bought in for J223O. A large field started for the Coburg Stakes. The Nun and Goldlake were most fancied, but though the former ran well, she finished fourth. The latter was never in it, and after William Tell had made the most of the running, he retired suddenly, and St. John was left in command. At the half-distance Daystar, quite an outsider, who had been in the first flight always, came through and won by a neck. The ring won by the results of the Hotham Handicap and the Goburg Stakes, but the other races went against them, and the victory of Trident was a heavy blow. Should one of the favourites win the Cup, the bookmakers will have a bad time of it. With the exception of the Coburg Stakes Mr. George Watson's starting was faultless. CUP DAT. 130,000 PRESENT. Melbourne, Tuesday. The first arrivals came in great streams ; then at midday swelled into floods, and during the afternoon they have still come in driblets, and the muster is now complote. It is indeed a vast gathering. The grandstand is crammed to repletion; above that rises an open stand, and this ranges on with the slope of the hill, forming a steep gradient, densely packed with human beings, right up to the sky line. The immense crowd rising from level ground to the top of this natural eminence is always the mo3t impressive part of the whole spectacle, and away on the ? opposite side of the course the multitude on the flat have taken possession of every fence or vehicle or anything that would secure them the advantage of an outlook, while across the Salt water River countless family groups overlook the whole scene from the long hill which flanks the river, and up near the vast assemblage arises a mighty inarticulate roar, the product of many thousands of voices, ranging from the hoarse tones of the shouting bookmakers in the saddling paddock to the silvery laugh of girlhood, but all blended in this swelling sound, as the rustle of countless leaves in a forest combines into the mighty musie of the wild roaring storm. The attendance is roughly estimated at 130,000 at least ; some estimates go as far as 150,000. That the attendance was larger than ever known is proved by the railway returns. The total passengers carried by rail to and from the course was 90,592 as against 71,935 carried last year, showing an increase of 18,657. The total revenue was .£11,325 8s 6d as against JS9852 Is. 7d last Cup. THE DRESSES. The increasing simplicity in style and general taste for quiet colours, which were distinctive features in the fashion at the Derby, were more prominently marked' at the Cup, though the quaker greys were closely pressed by dove and the stone-drab shades in quite a multitude. There were necessarily some startling gowns, and a few extravagantly bright colours, which served to make the general neutrality of tone more marked. It was said on Saturday that one-sixth of the ladies wore white gowns, to-day one-third at least wore white or creams, white muslin embroidered in such various degrees of fineness and design that the value ranged from 10s or 12s to more than the same number of guineas, and in style from substan tial muslin, with a guipure or floral pattern worked on it, to the most delicate cambrics and fairy-like Dacca fabrics of aerial lightness that fluttered with every breath of air. Many of these were worn without any ornament, the whole round skirt being embroidered to the waist, and finished with a waistband of whiter ribbon; others, however, had broad sashes of buttercup, lilac, blue, pink, mauve, and indeed every shade. With these white gowns white parasols were worn, and in such numbers that to look from the stand down the lawn there seemed to be a set of white waves, with flecks of red foam in places ; or what resembled large bouquets of white flowers, with occasional red or yoilow centres. Lady Carrington is dressed in very queenly fashion to-day, in a pearly-tinted silk, with navy blue velvet bows and garnishments. Her ladyship's bonnet is deep blue with tulle lightly arranged in front and brought down under the chin, arid tied in a large full bow. The Governor's box is a focus of colour and beauty. At either corner are little tables covered with great bouquets of roses. Lovely bouquets of iiuwtsrs iiavt; ueeu jj j. coeii ucu ou jjbiU^ juuuu duu Lady Carrington, and are tucked in at the back of their respective seats. Then the approaches are flower garnished, while at the back of the boxes a huge horse-shoe made' of white and yellow daisies, while beneath lies a big jockey cap made of the same pretty spring flowers. THE RACING. The Hurdle Race, of lOsovs; each, 2 forfeit, with 250 added ; second 50 sovs. Threo miles. Mr. J. Scobie's Blue Mo'ntain (Owner) ...? ? 1. Mr. W. Motfat's Ocean (Ferguson) ? 2 Mr. A. Halinbourg's Encore (Taylor) ? 3 Time 5 minutes 52f seconds. The business of the day began with the Hurdle Race, for which the field, though smaller than usual, was very select. At first Agent was in most request; but the Ballarat division supporting Blue Mountain strongly, he left the paddock a favourite at the short price of 6 to 4, while Agent receded to 3 to 1. The pace was slow for two miles, when it became very strong, and after many changes had taken place Ocean and Blue Mountain took command, and the favourite won right easily. There was not a mistake made throughout the race,' and everything was beauti fully even. Railway Handicap, 6 farlosgs. Mr. C S. Agnew's ch m Pocahontas, by St. Albans, (Hutchins) ..., ... ? .~ ... ... '1- Mr. A. Halinbourg's eh g Albanus (Cox) ... ... ... 2 Mr. H. Oxenham'sb'g Toronto (Harris) ... ... ... 3 Time, 1 minute 6J seconds. Prominent amongst the scratchings for the Railwav Handicap were William Tell, St. John, Volcano, The Nun, Don Giovan, and First Consul. Eighteen went to the post, Chesham looking none the worse for his exertions in the Derby, and he had so many followers that at the last 5 to 1 was the best offer that could be secured. Pocahonta? and Sedition, who were in the centre of the course, the former having three lengths' ad vantage of everything else, got off well, and the Tasmanian mare running it out, never left the first flight, and finishing strongly, won by a length. The Tasmanians won heavily by the victory. Kensington Stakes. Five furlongs: ? J. White's Sumatra by The Pontiff— Malacca (Hales) 1 W. A. Long's Eckersloy, by Mariybyrnong— Jessa- mine (Gallagher) ? _'?; ? , 2 J. D.Robertson'sMistletoe.by Bosworth— Star of Love , (Fiddes) ? '? ? 3 Time, lmin. d'isec. Notwithstanding the more than average form, she had shown at Randwick, the defeat of her stablemates in the Maribyrnong Plate so frightened the supporters of the Hon. James White's stable that they allowed Sumatra to start at 4 to 1 for the Kensington Stakes, for which Mr. Halenbourg's Sunshade was made firm favourite. As soon; however, as they got to racing there was nothing in it but Sumatra, who won easily. Sumatra was sold to Mr. A. Davis for 410 guineas. The Cup. A sweepstake of 20 sovs. each, 10 ft., or 5 sdvs. only if de clared, with 2000 sovs. added ; the second horso to. re-! ceive 500 sovs. and the third 300 sovs. out of the stakes (143 subs.). Two miles. W. Gnnnon's br h Arsenal, by Goldsbrough— Powder , (English) ... ... ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? 1 W. Cooper's b h Trenton, by Musket— Frailty (Robert- ?? son) ... ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ' R. J. Sadler's bl or g h Silvermine, by Napoleon s'!' Hair (M'Grade) ? 3 The betting at the fall of the flag was :— 5 to V v. Trident, 6 to 1 v. Isonomy, 8 to 1 v. Ben Bolt' and Meteor, 10 to 1 v. Malua, 12 to 1 v. Trenton, Silvfrmine, and Little John. 20 to 1 v. Arsenal, Hexham, and Commotion, 25 to 1 v. Britisher,, Lord William, Bohemian, Recall, and Crossfire, and 30 to 100 to 1 against any of the others. The Hon. J. White's Trident stripped well,' showing no ill effects from his exertions in the Derby, and he kept his position all day in the' betting at 4 to 1, a shade more being eagerly snapped up. He held a nice place all through, the race, and turned into the straight on terms with Arsenal, but although he contested every , inch of ground most gallantly, nature was un equal to the desperate strain, and his long stride shortening, he rolled a little as he made one final effort in the straight ; and then a roar that the great favourite was at the whip, and that he could not stay it out at such a bitter pace. Barry Raynor, the trainer, stripped Arsenal in best pos- ? sible form, but although : the horse looked in superb condition, he did not attract so much attention as the more prominent favourites. Eng lish, his rider, was beaming with confidence, and so was the owner, Mr. William Gannon (of Petty's Hotel, Sydney) but although many, New South Welshmen backed the victor heavily, the public would not have him. _ He got into a, bad position soon after starting ; but English obeying orders, kept well out in the centre of the crush until the best half of the field had played their last card, when he gradually brought him through,; and seeing an opening at the home turn took advantage of it, and his game ness and condition aiding the resolute riding of English, he cut down his horses in the run home, and won the Oup by -a short half-length. Arsenal was purchased by Mr. Gannon from Hon. W. Pearson for 375 guineas. He was a delicate horse fco train, and now, after having .been well and carefully trained, his owner was at length satisfied that he had a good horse, and consequently not only backed him heavily, bubunade no secret of the matter to his friends, -many of whom landed good stakes. The Hon. J. Want (Attorney- General, N.S.W.) is said to be one of the largest winners. Arsenal was bred by;Frank Reynolds, of Tocal, and is by Goldsbrough, from Powder, an imported mare, for whom the Tocal squire gave 1000 guineas. Trenton's finish was one of the features of the race, and he is undoubtedly a great horse. Hexham,*although he got badly away, played his part well, and cut out the running desperately for Trident. THE BIG RACE. There was very little delay brfore Mr. Watson dashed down his flag to an excellent start, Metal and Recall being the first to begin, while Hexham, on the extreme right, was one of the last to leave the post. For the first few strides Trenton, Meteor, Silvermine, Malua, and Commotion were the immediate, attendants of the two leaders. Ap proaching to the tan crossing, Silvermine, who was pulling hard, took the command and led on to the course proper closely waited on by Boolka, Metal, Kitawa, Isonomy, Britisher, and Recall, who showed prominently on ; the outside, while Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, and Little Jack acted as whippers- in. Bravo improved his posi tion in the straight, and when passing the stand was at Silvermine's girths. After the pair succeeded Metal, Recall, Isonomy, Meteor, and Boolka, in a cluster, and then, after a slight gap, came Kitawa, Britisher, and Crossfire, whilst the last lot comprised Malua, Trenton, Lancer, Lord William, and Grace iDarling, with Little John, who had already beaten off Bravo, and reached Silvermine's head at the bend. At that point, however, the latter drew away again, and led him half a length along the Saltwater River. Metal, who was rapidly getting into trouble, came next, closely attended by Boolka, Isonomy, Meteor, Kitawa, and Little John, with the others well packed, and followed by, Sheet Anchor, Arsenal, Lord William, Grace Darling, and Little John. Here English, shaking his whip at Arsenal, took up a place on the extreme right, and began to work his way into a better position. Hexham, who had been battling Ms way through his horses, now joined the first flight, ; and show ing a wonderful turn of speed, raced up^to Silver mine at the beginning of the back, and leaving him, led along the back of the course, by a length and a-half. Silvermine came next with Boolka at his quarters, closely attended by Kitawa, Bravo, and Isonomy. After them came Trident and Britisher, with Arsenal on the outside, the latter getting closer. at every stride, and carrying on the running like a racehorse.. Hexham struggled on past the abattoirs and the sheds with a length's advantage of the gallant Boolka, whose high action now began to make him tire. Here Trident moved resolutely towards the front and took third place, whilst M'Grade wisely took a slight pull on Silvermine, who was just clear of the field and was fast tiring. Kitawa and Isonomy had thus early began to hoist signals of distress. Mean while, Arsenal taking a line of his own, was creeping up on the right, and the steady hold English had of his head told him he intended to fight the battle to the bitter ending. Trenton was also getting dangerously near. The sheds passed, they shot under the hill and com menced to turn for home, where poor little Hex ham wavered, faltered, and fell back, leaving Silvermine in command with Trident and Arsenal hard xipon him. M'Grade was the first to draw his whip, and Hales' spurs were red, but noth ing could withstand the terrible run made by Arsenal, who turned into the straight at a des perate pace. Silvermine and .Trident were together, next and after them, came Crossfire, Meteor, and Sheet Anchor, the latter making great headway against the rails, as he did in last year's race, while Trenton now commenced to come in earnest. At the half distance there wafl nothing in it but Arsenal, Silvermine and Tren ton. The latter finished brilliantly in the second place, but English kept Arsenal going, and won the Cup, after a brilliant race, by a short half length. Silvermine was half a length away, third. Trident, at his side, was fourth. Then, on, very close terms, came Britisher, Sheet Anchor, Crossfire, Malua, Myall King, , Meteor, and Boolka, while the last were Little Jack, Highland Chief, Monte Christo, Isonomy, Grace Darling, and Metal. Time 3 minutes 31 seconds. Nursery Handicap.— 5 furlongs. Mr. D. Cooper's Huntingtower, by Darebin— Atholmo (Robertson) ? ???? ?'?? ??? ; '???' ??? * Mr. J. Hill's Perhaps, by Gang Forward— Peradventure Hon. W\ Pearson's Bedouin, by Darriwell— Black Gipsy (Power) ... ' ? ? ? 3 Time, 1 minute 4£ seconds. The Tan Tean Stakes.— 1 mile. Mr C. E. M-Donald's The Levite, by Yattendon— Q.E.D. (Campbell) ? - _?-.,- 1 Mr. S. Mar bin's .Hogmanay, by Bonny Carlisle— Hesperia (Hales) ? ... ???' ??? ? ??? a Mr. H. Oxenham's Ellington, by the Drummer (imp.) —Secretary (imp.). (Gorry) ? ' » Time, 1 minute 43 seconds. Huntingtower had very' little difficulty ill appropriating the Nursery Handicap from the South Australian filly Perhaps, and the Hon. W. Pearson's Bedouin/in very fast time. The Levite got down Ellington and Pocahontas in a pretty smart field for the Tan Tean Stakes. 