Dunleap Tower. CIHFTER II. ■■.Tub. first tiling I did,'after Riving Mrs. Sfcuvoly my promise that I would at once begin my search for Catherine and not rest till I had found hor; was to .resign my situ ation iimlor the Railway Company. This I did (withoufc regret, as I had previously made up my mihd to try my fortuuo iu one of the other colonies. As soon as I was j relioved-fr'oui-niy duties, ! began 'to' make cautious inquiries in the -neighbourhood of! Isterby:fis to the direction persmnably takou by Mr. Rudyard 011 the evening of his de parture with,,his wife.:- Someitime:. elapsed before I could obtain the slightest clue to the}information I was ih.'soarch of; but when I once held the thread between my fingers,' I was careful not to let it go again. It is needless to detail by what means 1 succeeded in tracing the two peoplo I was in search of step by step over the road they had go'ne, nor the '■labour -and difficulty I experienced before my quest came to an end at a'lone house among 'the fols and moors on : the bleak 'Northumberland coast. It was evening when I ended my search. I slept' tliat night at a ■' village;; a couple/ of miles nwayi aiid before noon next day was in a very changed condition on my way - to the'house. 1 : • ' I doubt, whether, Catherine" herself < would liave recognised me, had she chanced to en counter'me as ""I left the iuu. In my younger and more.prosperous! days,I had been an adept at amateur theatricals,; and my makb-up"on tlie presentoccasion- was" a study from life. I was a Germans Jew pedlar, Max .Jacoby to.wit, as., the,brass lettered name 011 my mahogany box plainly told. ,My beard and. moustache wero dyed black and trimmed in'a foreign fashion ; I bad'long' tangled hair and a . tawny com plexion ; I wore Beveral fiashy'rings ou,my lingers; 'and a square box, well equipped with- fancy articles, was suspended over my shoulders with a strap I spoke good Eng lish, but with a foreign accent, and- that amount of gesticulation in which foreigners usually indulge." Such was the- individual . who tramped slowly up to theback.entrance of Dunleap Tower and knocked boldly at ■ the door. It was opened by.a rosy-cheeked, country lass. 1 We do n't'want'any,' she said before I could utter a word. -; ; " Ah, but you must see what I've got pretty miss.''I answered with, a smilennd a > bow..>.My-box'was opened1 before'she could close the door; and when once sho caught sight of the contents, she was in no hurry to go.,- " I have everything from hair-pins to cameo brooches,- Wedding rings, these, .'pretty miss. Ah, here is. .one that will fit you beautifully. Let me try-it on.—Ah, ha! what could be nicer ? and cheap, dirt cheap/;.. And now let me fasten this brooch on your dress—real' gold—real rameo. I will vow you never looked so charming iu your life.' )Go into the house, and .see'; go and ask your friends ; and remember every- , thing" is 1 very chea^j, most womlei fully cheap." Btushing with-pleasure, she retired:*"for a moment, and then _ called ' Sally.' ■ Sally same, a' buxom, good-tcmpcrcd, middle-aged woman—the cook, I suppose. " Heart alivo ! what pretty things!' sho : exelaimed: ' • clasping her hands in ecstasy.. I was: still expatiating 011 the beauty and excellence of my wares when a door at the back of the kitchen was suddenly opened,' arid Rudyard entered the room,' with his' hands'in his pockets and a cigar between his lips, foU lowed by-a tall, black- haired' young woman whom I had never seen before.' " Hillo, what's the row (now . liei ex claimed, as the frightened servants fell back. «' A pedlar,'eh ? Come, my* .good fellow, you'd better sheer off; ,we .want none of your gim cracks here; and, hark ye ! don't let me see your ugly phiz about these pre mises again, or mv mastiff may want to try the flavour of your calves ! " I fell back a few paces and made a little foreign bow, and with a deprecatory smile, held out some brooches-to his-companion, " The gentleman is ple.1s.111t this morning,, I said, lio does not ask the lady wliother she would like to glance at my camcos, I have hore some very choice ones, dircct from Borne.—See! Bacchus and Ariadne,] Venus rising from the Sen. All of splen did workmanship, and all wonderfully cheap." '••Want anything in that lino, Margery ?'• Riulyavd asked.. . •* ■ • - r^Slic gave a little scornful shrug and shook her head,,but did not reply. Sho was a tall! well-built'young woman, with plenty of red in her cheeks to match tho poppies in, her hair, with quick-glancing, suspicious eyes, shaded by thick black eyebrows, and with a mouth hard and cruel in all its out lines. She was dressed in thiok rustling black silk, and wore a profusion of course jowellery lavishly displayed. " Come now, my fine follow,' said End yard with a grim, smile ; " you must inako yourself scarco without more palaver." | I did not stir but opening a secret ' di-awcr at the bottom of my box, I took out of it a couplo of Turkish daggers, curiously chased, and having inlaid hafts. I knew that if anything would attract Rudyard, they would. I remembered his weakness for curious pocket knives when a lad (it school, and , the bright little dagger he carried about him till-the master, hearing of it, took it away. I held up up the daggers without a word. • His face lighted up the moment ho saw them ; lie hesitated a minute as though as hamed of his weakness; but the temptation was too strong, and the next moment ho stepped forward irresolutely and took 'them in his hands to examine. I1,•;>«'Poor, poorj' lie ssaid rin a depreciatory tone. ■ Then : ' How much for tho two ?' f~ ;'j Fifteen guineas." Pifteeu thunderbolts!" " They avo worth twouty-fivo, good sir. They are unique. They were the favourite weapons of the late Ibrahim Paslia, and were manufactured expressly for him." ■ "Anyhow they're not worth the price you ask." • ■ " The gentleman thinks not ?" Well this is'what I'll do: Twill leave them with you till to-morrow. You can examino'them at your leisure,. and put tliem to whatever tests you may think fit, In the morning I will call again, and then you v will count mo out fifteen bright new sovereigns and fifteen bright new 'shillings,' and will tell mc you neyer got such a bargain in your life; t You mealy-moutliod rascal I'll' do no thing of tlio kind !" > . . It was however finally,' agreed that I should leave the daggers, for having ■ once :fingered them, he could not'bear to let them, go. Next morning I trudged up to tho houso agaili', carrying with me a brace of pistols, constructed on a principle which was just coming into vogue in those days, although common enough now. Rudyard had seen nothing like them- before, s and, was- oven moro delighted than with tho daggers. Would I go .with him into tho shooting gallery,-lie asked,'j and explain that 'new dodge to him ?' Yes; I would go with Him willingly, I replied. So into the shooting-gallery wo went, which turned out to bo the picture i gnllery at one period of the Rudyard history btit the walls had been long ago denuded of j every-picture that would 'fetch a price, and j nothing but a, few. dingy 'fa.mily portraits remained,-{Witli faces which a good scouring would have wonderfully improved. Rud yard was a tolerable shot, but not equal to me jin that respect, for I had much practice while in the bush, and I beat him without difficulty. When the target was sufficiently riddled lie reached down the portrait of one of his grim old ancestors in ru£f and doub let, iand set it up to'be fired at. I confess that to me it seemed a terrible desecration to make a target of the fine old cavalier ; butwhen I protested, I got nothing for, my pains-but a' declaration that ho would treat the jwhole of the gallery in the same way. By the time the old gentleman's head was all but shot off, luncheon was announced, to wliich' meal Rudyard invited me. After it was over we" had some more shooting ; and1 then we adjourned to the billiard-room, where'we played'game after game, till a cracked and doleful bell gave notice that dinner would/sliortly: be servedi As with the shooting, so with the billiards—Rud yard could not touch mo; for I had been a marker in Melbourne in my low-water days audjhad there made myself master, of. the game. But neither with the pistols nor the cue did I do more than just evince my sup eriority over him,'beating his best shot by a mere'hairbreadth, and topping his high est score by a couplo of points-only, urging him forward with the little expectation that lie onlj' needed a little more practice to beat me easily. " Come along, Jacoby, and let us have a bit of dinner," said Rudyard at last flinging down tho cue witli an oath. " But my dress, sir?" pleaded I with an expressive uplifting of my hands. " Never mind your dress! This is Liberty Hall, man. I'm not going to dress for din ner, why need von ? And after dinner we'll have a bowl of nun eh aDd make a night of it; for i mean you to sleep: here. One doesn't meet with such a pedlar as you everyday.' Wo proceeded to the dining-room, n low dingy apartment, poorly furnished; and in a few minutes dinner wasbrought: in, and with it entered tho black-liairod young woman whom 1 liad seen before,' and whom Mr. Endyard, in his off-haud way, now in troduced to me as his cousin and house keeper, Miss Yavill. -Tlie dinnor;was plain; and substantial, :.aud procoodod ..for some tirno in silence. At length Eudyard looked up. , . ' , "Are you out of sorts to-day, Margary ? or aro you sulky ?' ' . •• " I am not sulky ; I have ,i>. headache,' she replied, flashing a dangerous .glauco :at him out of her black orbs. " That's well in one sen'so and bad in another. You had bettor' have a headache than be sulky, Madge. ;I ..don't like sulky people ; and I don't likepeoplo who sit like ghosts over their dinner." '.' Really! how humorous you are to-day, and how excessively polite !' rejoined Miss Yavill. with a disdainful smile and a shrug; TO jiE CONTINUED. . The Nepoan water was turned into the Botany dama on Saturday. The ceremony took place in tho presenoe of tho Minister for Works, the Post master-General, several members of the Legislative Assembly, tho Mayor of Sydney, and about forty other gentlomen, A plug having been withdrawn from tho end of tho piping laid down by Messrs.: Hudson Brothers, the water ran out at the rate of three and a half _ million gallons per day. Tho S. M. Herald says it was very tuucli discoloured, and tasted and smelled of tar. The Mayor subsequently entertained those present at a pic-nic. Juicy steaks were grilled on tho spot, and potatoes boiled with their " jackets " on. Hot tea was also brewed and took a promiuont placo amongst tho excellent wine and other beverages which His Worship provided. The new water was conspicuous by its absence. It was, however, referred to as a first rate thing for tho citizens. A number of toasts were drunk, including the healths of Messrs. Hudson Bros. Much credit was given to thoso gentlemen for their enterprise in completing their work in the face of manydiflicultios.. Mr. Henry Hudson, in roply, said tho contraot was one of the hardest'his firm had ever ' undertaken. Their determination to maintain their reputation made them carry it through, and they felt a great relief in its having at last terminated satisfactorily. A proposition for the establishment of a post-oard mail service between New South Wales and Great Britain, at a cbargo' of' 3d. per card, has been ap proved of by the Cabinet. 