PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. BY “ THE VAGABOND.” CROAJINGOLONG. No. III. After leaving Tungyhi we drive for a few miles over flats covered with wild oats until we strike the belt of timber bordering the River Cann. Suddenly we come upon a fence rail and a handsome white-painted gate. “ Toorak ?” I query in astonishment at seeing such an evidence of progress in this out-of-the-world spot. Through this gate and across a paddock, round the timber, by the side of a deep lagoon, and the home- stead of the Cann station is before us. It is a large, long, low build- ing, situated on a high knoll, above flood level, dominating the flats below. Around it are a number of outhouses, and the peaked roof of an old hop-kiln is a pic- turesque adjunct. Far away in the wilds it is strange to come across such a residence as this, which in any part of Australia would strike one by its romantic surroundings. Built of rough split slabs, with a bark roof and broad verandah, it is in complete accord with the scenery. A fresh-painted weatherboard house would offend the eye by its incongruity, but this brown wood and bark structure seems exactly what one would wish in bringing in any traces of man’s occupation into the pic- ture. One could not ask for a more comfort- able residence. Silver wattles shade the yard, and in front there is a grand garden— beds of violets and geraniums and asters, with patches of strawberries and pumpkins and tomatoes. There is also an orchard full of thriving fruit trees. The lagoon is at the bottom of the garden, partly enclosed by the forest. There is in front of the homestead a fine open plain, where horses and cattle, and pigs and turkeys, are feeding. And all around are the ranges. They stretch in every direction. Peaks un- known and unnamed, except it may be by Messrs. Black and Allan, who, in 1870-1872, struck the boundary of New South Wales and Victoria some 25 miles off. Perhaps this was one of the most wonderful examples of surveying in the world. The one com- menced at Cape Howe, the other at Forest- hill, near the Alps, on the Upper Murray. And their survey lines were within a few feet when they met after two years of hard work. I know no better description of this border- land than that given by Henry Kingsley in Geoffrey Hanlyn, the locale of which is placed in Maneroo and Croajingolong. He writes of it as “ a new heaven and a new earth ! Tier beyond tier, height above height, the great wooded ranges go rolling away westward, till on the lofty sky-line they are crowned with a gleam of everlasting snow. To the eastward they sink down, breaking into isolated forest-fringed peaks and rock-crowned eminences, till with rapidly straightening line they fade into the broad grey plains, beyond which the Southern Ocean is visible by the white sea-haze upon the sky. All creation is new and strange. The trees, surpassing in size the largest English oaks, are of a species we have never seen before. The graceful shrubs, the bright-coloured flowers, aye, the very grass itself, are of species unknown in Europe ; while flaming lories and bril- liant parroquets fly whistling, not un- musically, through the gloomy forest, and overhead in the higher fields of air, still lit up by the last rays of the sun, countless cockatoos wheel and scream in noisy joy, as we may see the gulls do about an English headland. To the northward a great glen, sinking suddenly from the saddle of the hill on which we stand, stretches away in long vista, until it joins a broader valley, through which we can dimly see a full-fed river winding along in gleaming reaches, through level meadow land, inter spersed with clumps of timber. We are in Australia, on the great watershed known as the Snowy River of Gipps Land.” I little thought, when years back I read Geoffrey Hamlyn in a village in Green County, State of New York, that I should ever be privileged to visit the scene of the adventures of the Buckleys, Brentwoods, and Hawkers, and to become imbued with the spirit of the author when he wrote of the Upper Snowy :— “ I heard a hoarse roar as if from the bowels of the earth, and found that I was standing on the edge of a glen about 400ft deep, through which a magnificent snow-fed river poured ceaselessly, here flashing bright among bars of rock, there lying in dark, deep reaches, under tall, white-stemmed trees. Across the glen rose up a dark mass of timbered ranges, getting higher and steeper as far as the eye could reach, while to the north-east the river’s course might be traced through the plains by the timber that fringed the water’s edge, and sometimes feathered some tributary gully almost to the level of the flat lofty table-land. On either side of it, down behind down, folded one over the other, and bordered by great forests, led the eye towards the river’s source, till the course of the deep valley could no longer be distinguished, lost among the distant ranges ; but above where it had disappeared rose a tall blue peak with streaks of snow. I rode down a steep pathway, and crossed a broad gravelly ford. As my horse stopped to drink I looked delighted up the vista which opened on my sight. The river, partly overshadowed by tall trees, was hurrying and spouting through upright columns of basalt, which stood in groups everywhere like the pillars of a ruined city ; in some places solitary, in others clustered together like fantastic buildings ; while a hundred yards above was an island, dividing the stream, on which, towering above the variety of low green shrubs which covered it, noble fern trees held their plumes aloft, shaking with the concussion of the falling water.” A very different man, however, to the squatters of Baroona and Garoopna is Mr. Robert Morgan, lessee of the Cann run, of 28,000 acres, and owner of some 600 acres of selected land on the river flats. He is a pioneer in Gipps Land, like David Boone, of Kentucky, ever striking out further into the wilderness, impatient of being crowded by neighbours. A native of London, Morgan was brought out by his parents to the Hunter Valley when a boy. He was apprenticed to a ship carpenter, and went several voyages to sea before he commenced farming and squat- ting near Port Albert. As settlement in- creased there, he removed to Lindenow, and then to Paynesville. Population drove him away, and he has now for five years been settled on the Cann River, still a strong, hale and hearty man, who looks very like the late Mr. Sam Emery in the part of Cap- tain Cuttle. He is over 70 years of age, yet old Robert is always busy on the farm or in his workshop, where — at the forge or bench — he is a better man than many half his age. Amongst other things, the veteran has built a fine boat, in which he purposes taking me down the river, which runs south from hence between high ranges till it falls into a chain of lagoons or lakes, of which Lake Furnell (discovered in 1872 by the late Mr. Samuel Furnell) is said to be the most beautiful. From these Tamboon Inlet is reached. Here, old Robert says, we shall have some fine fish “ to stop a week.” He is very much disgusted that our visit cannot extend beyond 24 hours. It is a pleasure to see the peace and prosperity gathered around this old pioneer. He has raised up many sons and daughters who have been strong arrows in his quiver. In the garden and homestead there are evidences of female presence and taste, and although at first I certainly do get up amongst the number of young ladies, I should be very ungrateful indeed if I did not remember Miss Kate Morgan, who drives me down to the Cann River. The last time I was driven in a buggy by a young lady was in company with Miss Sutherland across the plains of Kara Kara around Mount Wycheproof. How different the scene here. Instead of the broad open expanse covered with grain crops with an unchecked view all around the horizon, we are here hemmed in by the forest and the mountains. Across the cultivation paddock there is a belt of timber about a mile wide before one reaches the river. There is a most beautiful grove—tall gums tower over- head, whilst beneath there is a mass of fern trees, acacias, peppermint, musk, sassafras, and flowering hickory. Through the slip panels we take our course, my guide showing that she is a most excellent bush girl. I should get lost here, but she leads me on without “ a fault,” till we strike the Cann, my Ultima Thule in Gipps Land. Here is a gravelly ford, and the thicket of foliage has been cleared at each side. But above and below the rippling waters run between high banks, over which the spreading boughs of the Kanuka make a complete arch. As I descend to the bed of the stream and drink a handful of its waters, I look along the shady vistas and rejoice that here the maximum of beauty is at last reached. If Noorinbee was lovely the Cann exceeds it. Pen and ink cannot paint this picture. In these shades, too, everything is suggestive of greater loveliness. The impressions one gets are, perhaps, of more value than the scenery itself. There are vague half tones in the stream and foliage which Loureiro might find it hard to catch and transfer to canvas, and which it is impossible printed paper can convey to the brain. I drink the water from my hand after the fashion of primal humanity. I have vowed to drink of the Cann, and I have done so, and strange to say I do not feel any worse for the rash experiment. Old Ferdinand de Quiros, when he discovered the Terra Australia del Espiritu Santo described it as a country flowing over with gold and spices and fruits — a paradise where the very atmosphere was elixir. It was the Island of Santo in the New Hebrides that he was gushing about, but I feel on the confines of East Gipps Land that the description might well apply here. I may not be believed by all my friends, but I make solemn affirmation of the fact that I like this drink of water. Nearly due south from hence on the coast line is the headland first sighted by Captain Cook when he discovered Australia for our race. Here’s to his memory in aqua pura ! The Cann here is not a very big stream. Just beiow the station are the falls, and it is there fed by the Noorinbee and becomes navigable for boats. But it cannot be more picturesque than at and near the crossing place. On the other side is the track leading to the Genoa River, to Mallacoota Inlet, to Gabo Island, and Cape Howe. Over the Border line, beyond the mountains, were some of the earliest settlements of pastoral man in Australia. Here the Mackinnons and Macdonalds and Macleods from the Isle of Skye forgot the disputes of their clans. Here were gallant Englishmen of the “ Major Buckley ” type. Here, in the present day, is Roseneath, the station of my friend Mr. Lawrence Harnett, sergeant-at-arms in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. Often has he told me, when for my sins I had left Melbourne and resided in the neigh- bouring capital, of the delights of squatting in the Maneroo, and has invited me thither. A country this reputedly of frost and of snow, but at the present time suffering under a severe drought. A stockman I meet sums up the situation. “ There’s neither water nor grass nor money in Manera, it’s just —— entirely.” A country, however, always to be celebrated for the grandeur of its scenery. Those who follow in my footsteps on the pedestrian tour I have suggested, will, I hope, go as far as the Genoa, the lakes through which that river enters the sea being, I am told, far more beautiful than any others in Gipps Land. The traveller can go on to Twofold Bay or return over the Ded- dicks or Gingalala range, viewing Kosciusko, the monarch of Australian mountains, towering 7,400ft. to the skies, its summit near the level of perpetual snow. Re- crossing the Snowy, a mountain called “ Turnback” has to be scaled. Nowhere else in Australia or in the world are cattle driven over such a place as the Turnback. Bullocks which miss their foothold are heard of no more. On the road Bendock might be visited, where there are traces of civilisation and government to be met with, in the shape of the only school and the only policeman east of the Snowy River. Mallacoota Inlet is a place which I had long ago intended to visit. A short time back a number of selectors settled here, a quantity of land was put under maize, a store established, and a schooner put on the line to Melbourne. Mr. Levy, citizen of Mel- bourne, was interested in the schooner and the store, and had given me an invitation to take a voyage from the metropolis to the new settlement. This coasting trip, I imagine, would have been as interesting as my “ Cruise in a Collier,” but unfortunately the schooner now lies wrecked on the Mallacoota bar, the store is shut up, and some of the selections abandoned. I am rather curious as to what is being done on the Genoa and around Mallacoota, and as I stand on the banks of the Cann there comes a traveller from the east who can tell me more about East Gipps Land and this border-land than any other man living. It is 48 years since Charles William Nicholson accompanied Andrew Hutton, better known as “ the Hielandman,” with a mob of 500 cattle from a station on the Upper Genoa River, in what is now New South Wales, to the entrance to the Gipps Land lakes. He is still a hale, hearty man—a dweller in tents all his life. He is the only survivor of the party of white men which first skirted the sea coast of Croa- jingolong, and, as he now tells me, that he went inland from the Entrance as far as Tambo Head, he is the first European who saw the lakes. Mr. Nicholson is a reserved, quiet man, and has little to say on the sub- ject of his early experiences ; but I manage to get a good deal of information from him in the course of the evening, with Mr. Robert Morgan acting the part of chorus. I find that at the present time, east of the Snowy River to the Genoa, there are about 30 homesteads, including “ runs,” like those of Messrs. Morgan and James. There are also some selections, on the Cann only partially im- proved, and where the residential conditions are not yet been complied with. On the Genoa, from Mallacoota Inlet to the New South Wales border, there is a scattered population, and room I imagine for much more. But Robert Morgan, the pioneer, does not want neighbours, and his chorus is, “ None but blamed fools would think of taking up land here.” Certainly, under the present conditions of the land laws, it appears that it would not pay anybody to attempt farming in Croajingalong. But the present popula- tion, who have possession of the good river blocks, will, I think, find that they will get neighbours in the future, when the country is better opened and known. The people east of the Snowy live now in a sort of No Man’s Land. When the schooner was running to Mallacoota, stores, farm waggons and imple- ments, and prize cattle and pigs, were landed thither, and brought over the ranges to the Cann. But trade generally is with New New South Wales. The Maneroo district takes salted butter and fat poultry, and dealers from the towns in Twofold Bay buy up the hogs on the Cann and Genoa rivers, and turn the pork into bacon for the Sydney market. Cattle come from the east to be sold at Orbost or Bairnsdale, eventually supplying Melbourne with meat. Gipps Land sends in return its live pork to furnish Sydney breakfast tables with hams and bacon. All this is as it should be. Natural outlets for production have been found with- out artificial fostering on the part of the Go- vernment. The settlers in Croajingolong have been playing a “ lone hand,” and they have played it very well. But the Govern- ment has one duty towards them. When I hear from Mr. Nicholson, the census taker, of the wild bush children running about on the borders without knowledge, education, or religion, becoming utter savages, my soul is wroth within me. I think of the money squandered by the state in other ways, whilst a duty here is being neglected. A school- master is the cheapest investment a com- munity can make. He saves a good many extra policemen in the future. And so I hope the department will take warning as regards the necessities of Croajingolong. Here, too, in the colony of Victoria is a community absolutely without mail com- munication. Sydney papers penetrate hither, brought by Maneroo drovers, but of what goes on in Melbourne and other parts the people are profoundly ignorant. From Or- bost, on the Snowy River, to Mallacoota there should be a horse-mail weekly, via the Bemm and Cann. The newspaper can then be sent throughout the land, and, with the state school, the era of enlightenment will commence at Croajingolong. All the young ladies at the Cann home stead have been educated before coming out into these wilds, and there are enough books here to prevent their getting dull. Still I am sure they would welcome the advent of neighbours, although the head of the house rails against “ blamed fools” who wish to select. For hearty hospitality my thanks are due to all here. I am sorry that my en- gagements prohibit my tarrying a week, as pressed by the old pioneer. We take the home track once more. We scale Tungyhi, and cross Noorinbee again. It is late when we get the buggy across the Bemm, on the other side of which I have to camp for the night. It is true Mrs. Sumner presses me to sleep in her hut. They will make up a bed for me by the fire. But two families in a two- roomed cabin seem to me quite enough for comfort, and I do not wish the good wife to “ put herself out” on my account. Her kind hospitality I shall always remember. Like the cottage “ Ned” Farmer made famous in his pathetic ballad, “ Little Jem,” this bark hut by the side of the Bemm is “ wondrous neat and clean.” Sitting by the ingle-nook after a good supper, I very much admire the patient way in which Mrs. Sumner manages her four children, including the baby. They are being better brought up than many in the cities. I see now where “ Jimmy” Shaw, the hired boy, gets his good manners from. My word, the mother has enough to do here. To cook the meals, nurse the baby, teach the two elder children their lessons, and hear them their prayers, makes up a consider- able contract. But, as in their little white nightgowns, Nelly and May and Willie come toddling in and kiss me good night, my heart is filled with thankfulness that these little ones, although they only sleep in a bark cabin, have good food in plenty, warm fires, and a happy home—far different to the lot of their father’s ancestors in England. For, as we sit at our supper of beef and apple pie and tea, which I enjoy as much as any banquet in the lordly halls, Harry Sumner returns. He enters with the peculiar stolid step of the English labourer, still a strong and active man in spite of his 58 years. You cannot mistake the patient Wessex man. He is thoroughly English in his salutation to his family. What a fuss a French paysan would make in such case ! But we Anglo-Saxons feel quite as much as the Celts, if we do not wear our hearts upon our sleeves. With Harry is Mr. Gurdon, the surveyor, whose men are on strike on account of the unavoidable short supply of tucker. Some 20 years back I knew in Liverpool Mr. Charles Gurdon, a young engineer, and became rather in- timate with him. Here in the wilds of Croajingolong I now meet his brother. I learn that my old friend “ Charlie,” the talented and promising, died of consumption in the south of France. With this bond of reminiscence between us, I consent to Mr. Gurdon camping with me on the other side of Bemm. He has the tent which has been called “ The Vagabond” by the importer, a handy little thing similar to those in use in the tropics by the French troops. But in weather like this we need no shelter. One can sleep well under la belle étoile. The canvas, however, is useful, spread on the ground beneath us. A great fire is lighted, and we lie with our feet towards this, and talk of old days in Lanca- shire and across the Atlantic. I feel happy and independent. This is the life to lead in the Australian bush. What could be more comfortable or more beautiful than this ? Ye dwellers under roofs and between four walls, stifling with the exhalations of humanity, ye cannot know the physical enjoyment and healthy happiness of sleep ’neath the stars. I feel that I was born to be a gipsy. I love the Romany. Like the trusty follower of Bruce whom the Scotch called “ the good Lord James,” and the English “ the Black Douglas,” I would “ sooner hear the lark sing than the mouse squeak.” Nothing could be more picturesque than this camp on the west bank of the Bemm. The forest surrounds us, the great trees forming a Gothic cloisterdom, the flashing firelight revealing deep aisles bordered by the black night There is a suggestion of immensity in the depths of the shadows. Children and savages might imagine the gloom to be filled with nymphs or goblins or ghosts, with terrible or malicious monsters waiting to harm mankind. To the agnostic with nerves the black space beyond the flickering light may bring thoughts of the narrowness of this life, but he knows that the sun will clear away the shadows, and so reason is triumphant in the night as by day. I think what a scene this would be for a Salvator Rosa to paint, and looking up through the branches at the roof of the heavens silvered by the moon and frescoed with stars, I listen to the murmur of the falls hard by, and think that, altogether, this is more lovely than any of my experiences in the South Seas, when “ —— it ! ” says my companion, and I gave a hearty response. The mosquitoes are upon us, and all the romance is at once knocked out of the sur- roundings. This becomes but a mean black- fellows’ sort of existence. I envy those sleeping under curtains in a city boarding- house. A little essence of pennyroyal rubbed on the skin will, however, drive away mosquitoes, and, in fault of that, smoke fires built around your camping-place will have the desired effect. My companion attends to this, and having rubbed my face and hands with whisky I begin to feel pretty comfort- able, although slightly asphyxiated from the smoke. I am wondering what night-bird that is which has such a melancholy cry, and am thinking of sleep, when another and un looked-for plague attacks us in the shape of fleas. We are sleeping on the site of the old survey camp, moved some days back. The fleas which have been left behind have been famishing. They are now ravenous, and revel on my carcase. A mosquito only attacks one’s face, neck, and hands ; but nothing is sacred to the pulex. He goes all over you. I haven’t suffered such torture since, in the summer of 1878, I lay out with some French soldiers in the stable of a farm-house in the arrondissement of Ourail, in New Caledonia. The rebel kanakas, it was thought, would attack the building that night, and we were in ambush to give them a warm recep- tion. The fleas feasted, and we dare not stir. Here, on the banks of the Bemm, it is just as bad. At last my tor- mentors are satiated with my blood. I doze off when my out-stretched hand touches the metal clasps of my hand-bag. I awake with a start with thoughts of snakes. To rest again, when at 4 a.m. the rain comes on and our blankets are soon wet through. Mr. Gurdon makes up the fire and then starts off with a bag of beef, walking through the wet bush to give his men at the camp a good breakfast. I put the billy on. The rain subsides a little, and the magpies commence their matins. I quite agree with Henry Kingsley, that our Australian magpie is “ the most grotesque, the cleverest, and the most musical of all birds, the splendid melody of his morning and evening song is as un- equalled as it is indescribable.” I bless the magpie as I drink my hot tea, and toast one of Miss Morgan’s cakes, and make an early though lonesome breakfast. The surround- ings cannot be more picturesque, although they are damp. No matter. I am inde- pendent and happy. And so with all good wishes for the House of Sumner we start from the banks of the Bemm. We are on the home stretch for the Snowy River when farewell to Croajingolong. 