POINTS. Close This Tvbhiho.:— The entries for the .Union Club Races at Toowong noxt Saturday. Last Niout — Of 'Foied' at the Thoatro tbis evening. Powbbfoi,.— Holloway's programme for tho cominur drnraalio siason. . Awpol.— Fifty young ladion aro wanted a* (be Theatre Boyal. Baville will bo in hoaven Wavfeiko — Joo Chamberlain. He doea not like to desert Gladstone at the last pinoh. His Ghost.— The Dnko of Wellington' e, haa ccn invoked to oppose Home Bulo. Our. — The weights for Rooklnmoton Handicap!). If Pirato goes he should nbiut land the double. — 'Verax.' The Even Tbnob op His Wat.— Adam Cleft, aboriginal, received a sentence of 10 years' penal servitude for the murder of his giu. Cwdit to Tdhmski.ves. — Members of the municipal conference have got through their work like men rather than like aldermen. .. New Title. — A correspondent of Punch sug gests that Dr. Temple, Bishop of Loncbn who is said to be very slow in making promotions, should be called 'Temple Bar.' Fiiakt 'Woj-k. — O'Doherty's first artiole in his revolutionist jouTnnl got him a sentence of . ten years' penal servitude. What would a second articl? haye dono tor him ? Opinions Eifpeii— Ilia Times, roforring to tho University baatrace suts that a trained . oarsman muBt have the metis sina in corpora sano. The Spectator asks, 'Aro there no . ttupid watermen?' Eouan on Gladstone. — The Rov. 0. H. Spurgeon Bays that the G.O.M.'a homo rule, eoheme is dangerous, and the design of a mad man. Spurgeon mint hivo beon raiding Carlyle's opinion of Gladstone. Witat Geaitak Sjiid. — 'I demand tho oon tinued severance of the Parliaments, with s view to tho continued and overla'stinu unity of tho Empire.' Can it ho done?— Thst is the rub. Wflii B0E3 This Mean? — A Mr. Grenfoll has said ' Nothing could stem the tide of re bellion, disorder, rapine, and bloodshed, but the determination of the English people to show a hold front in the matter.' Golden Gbatitude. — 'An old Harrovian, full of gratitude toward his late master, Dr. Bntler, has presented £10,000 to tho sohool to purohase the football field as a momoriil of him.' The thbee Tailors. — These excellent men met in the Guild Hall, and passed a resolution to the effect that ' A separate legislative body in Dublin will bo highly injurious 'o the interests of both Great Britain and Ireland.' Was it bo ?— ^Tho Spectator, referring to tho sight of Gladstone's speech, says — 'The ex citement at Westminster on Thursday afternoon wbb qnite unequalled in our history, the House of Commons being crowded from floor to ceiling.' Not Wanted — Tho Frenoh Government ara thinning abput tho expulsion of the OrleanB and Imperial Princes. Their presence hers would to a novelty, if not wclcomo, for a theatrical season. They -would be a change from rooidi vistea. Wondbbful Old Men — ' Within ono fort night, to have fcen Cardinal Newman, agod 8S, officiating; to have shaken the wondorful hands and talked with the Abbu Li?zt, agod 76 ; and to havo heard Mr. Gladstone's great ora torical effort, at 77, is indeed something to ha remembered in a lifetime.' His Reasonh.— Mr. Trevelyan entered tho Cabinet because, although ho rather dreaded the proposal the Premier would muke, he though his colleagues 'would knook it abaut £s ono does in Cabinot,' till it became a pro posal ho could accept,— rather a misreading both of Mr. Gladstone's charaoter and his powers. Catohiko Them. — There are a few persons who ffem to think that the wheels of trad) should not stand still even on Sundays. Under one pretence or another they make a large nse of the telegraphic offices of the country on that day. In future their little messages being called urgent are to bo treated as suoh, It wab Believed. — That several members of the late mnnioipal conference, parlial to a sip of fizz and a sniff of the briny on tho cheap, would have talked until Tuesday for tha pur poie of tickling their fancy at Mnyor Hip wood's expense. Tooth Bpoiled the plot Did He Now?— It is reported that a Mr. Sexton said, when speaking of Mr. Caine, the popular Liberal candidate for Barrowin FnrneBs, said that 'if ho were a sentry on the borders of the Liberal camp he would rnu through Mr. Oaine with his bayonet.' Wd have heard of ' seeing ' through a man, but novor bpforo of 'running' through one. Live and Learn. — It is said that a 'conference of clergymen' was hold at Sydney, and amongst those, present were re presentatives of the Briokmak rs, Briokmakera Labourer?, and Pipemake.-s' Union', mister briolmakers, and representatives of tha Trades and Labour Council, to consider the oxtoi\sion of tho eight- hours system to the trades repre sented. Oh Lor ! Pass the Fnon-gora. 