V.R.O.. "SPiINT -M? . i dTIV''.. - (DY suns RINAIe CABLE.) ,', o' OII1 "ISPECAL . .' RERTYh·) MoEL?n~ouRNE, ct. 31. ai The Spring..meeting. of the V.R.C. was commenced yesterday.' Riacing as usual began with thei Melbourne Stakes, which brought out a field of ten, and Isonomy and Sheet Anchor were nearly equal favourites, thbe latter having a slight call. Isonomy has furnished much since last year, and is one of the grandest racehorses that has ever aappeared at Flemington. - 'After Sheet Anchor' flattering liis ad mirers at the turn, Isonomy drew away down the straight and looked like winning, until Boola came up on the inside and made a grand display, fighting out the finish, and made a dead heat on the post. Lord' William was fourth and Sheet Anchor next. The latter did not run so well as expected. Colley came a little ' soon. The horse is very well and must be served by the gallop in the Melbourne StAkes, though it is too much to ask him to defeat a horse like Trident, but he will run forward in the Cup. The dead heat was run off after the last race. There was a good struggle for the greater part of the way, but the Adelaide representative wore his opponent down in the straight, and won easily at the finish in 2 ain. 10] see., or two and a quarter faster than the dead heat. Isonomy gained some friends for the Cup by this performance, and without doubt he is very fast. Tl'e question is whether he will stay two miles. Heshould be an improved horse for the couple of gallops on Saturday. Twelve faced the starter for the Hotham Handicap, the most in demand being Claptrap, and First Prince next favourite. The latter met with bad luck. As his rider was trying to get up on the inside near the river lie was unseated. Hexham, a Cup horse, ran well; but Claptrap, however, won with ridiculous ease. Salvo figured prominently. All the nineteen horses coloured on the card, ex cepting Niagara, stripped for the iMaribyr nong Plate, Lava, own sister to Volcano, was first favourite, while MIistletoee and Perhaps were next fancied. They were a remarkable fine lot of" two year olds. Horteaso scored a clever victory, though if Hunting To, er had not been interfered with by Lord Carrington's filly Esperance, running off atthecommencementof thhrece, he would probably have tiurned the tables, as he was only beaten by a bare length. Bedouin was a good third, and the favourite was fourth. The time was the slowest since Vulcan won in 1877, owing to the strong wind blowing in the face of the horses. The winner was bred by Sir Thomas Elder, and was leased to Mr. ml'Donald, who wins very little money in addition to the stakes. She started about fourth favonrite. She .i a well shaped and good looking filly, and as she carried 141bs. penalty thcer is no question as to her superiority at present. Mistletoe died away to nothing, and was nowhere at the fiuish. A field of seven came out for the Derby, and they were the best lot of horses seen at the post for this race for some time. The favourite attracted a great crowd of critics and admirers, and bore the ordeal well, as he stripped as fit as he well could be. He is nota bad stamp of a horse, but is not so neat as Chesham, who has come on wonderfully during the last fortnight, and was in good form, though -not so blooming . as Trident. Aglaos and First Consul are two fine horses, but both went out lame, and the former had . a bandage .on no of his fore legs. Kingfish, thei Hawkbsbury winner is a nice animal, and Mfaddelina is a good sort of a filly, but she was not in the humour; she was rather fractious before starting and ran nowhere. Volcano is a great raking son of Chester with a rare dash of pace. First Consul de layed the start for some time, and after all it was not a good one. The race wasn rather sensational one, and was won in ex cellent time. Volcano made matters warm at once, and the lot soon strung out in Indian file. Volcano led with Cliesham until approaching the straight, when he ran agaidst a post, nearly came down, and almost unseated Ellis, Chesham now made play and led into the straight, while Tri. dent, who had been running third, lost about a dozen lengths through Volcano's blunder, and was now second. Chesham led down the straight,and loud cheers proclaimed that the favourite was beaten, as Hales was hard at work on Trident. The son of Robinson Crusoe, however, answered with great gameness, and getting on terms with Chesham about 40 yards firom home forced to the front, and eventually won easily by a length. He ran as true as steel, and his victory was a good performance indeed considering the ground lost, while the time, notwithstanding the wind, was very fast, aud has only been equalled by Mar tini-Henry in 1883. The win was iin' menscly popular. This is the fourth Derby won by the hon. Jas. White, and steered by Hales. The winner bore unmistakeable signs of punishment, but was not dis tressed. Diverse opinions exist about his Cup chances; some argue against it, for getting the ground lie lost, and that Clhesham is an improving horse, the fast time made, that he will Ieave 17tbs. off hie back, and that he won easily at last. If he is well on Cup Day, however, he will run a great horse, and it is diffliult to see what can beat him. He was a warm favou rite for the Derby to thu last, and of course his win was a facer for the ring, principally through so much double money standing on him. Trident was bred by Mr. lie Mestre, and cost 800 guineas as a yearling. Aglaos was third,. about ten lengths away from the leaders, and First Consul, who came with a rush at the finish, was fourth. The Ghost wts ii grbat tip for the Selling Race, but Huron Upset the pot. The Coburg Stakes brought out the largest field of the day, including the Tasmanian mare Pocahontas, who ran well for a time. The favourites all caLie together, and the rank outsider Daystar won after a fine finish with St. John. The following are the results : MELBOURNE SrPKEs--A sweepstakes of 5 soes. each, I ft., with 300 added; second horse to receive 50 sove. out of the stake. For 3 year-olds and upwardl. Weight for sgo. One mile and a quarter. Mr M. Locke's b h Isonomy, 4 yrs ... ... 1 Mr S. Miller's hr I Boolka, aged ... ... 2 Mir W; . E. oyd's be Bravo, 3 yrs ... ... 3 Ten started, and after a great race tsonomy and Boolka finished a dead heat. The race was run off later, when Isonomy *on easily by three lengths. HOTHAM HANDICAPo--l 300 sove., with 5 sors. each ; second, 70 so.:; third, 30 sors. One mile and a half and a distance. Mr J. Whittinghsm's b h Claptrap, aged, 7st (itammage) .. 1 Hen. J. White's ch h Hexham, 4 yrs, est (Huxley) .. ... 2 Mr J. R. Smith's b g Lnmoer, 0 yrs, 7st 101b Smith) ... ... ... ... ... ... 3 Nine others started. Betting-3 to 1 agst Hexham, 6 to 1 First Princei 8 to 1 Salvo and Claptrap, 10 to 1 others. Salro led past the stand at the turn out of the straight, when Hexham went to the front. First Prince fell coming up to the home turn, leaving Lesbia, Salvo, and Hex ham at the head of affairs. As they fairly entered on the straight Claptrap came with a rush; and landed easy wiiner by three ILhgths, Lancer; half a length off, third. lMAI??A NONG PLAri;k-A sweepstakes of 30 sove. each, h ft, or 5 srvs only if deolared and pjAid to the rocretary of the V.R.O. or A J.O. before 4 p m. on Montlay, 4th OCto her, 1886, with 11100 sos. addrd. For 2-year olde. Colts 8t 101hs, fillies 8St 51hs, geldings at time of running allowed 51bs. The recond horseo to receive 300 sore and third 200 soes out of the stake. Winner of any sacs, not a handlcap, veluo 100 sovs to harry 71bs extra, of any such race value 200 sons 101bs dxtra, of any such race value 300 tovys or upwards 141b extra. Five fur longs. Mr O. L. Mi'Donald's br f Hortense, by Gang Forward-Josephine ... .. 1 Slr D. Ci.Orer's br o Huntingtower, Darobin r- A u..su ... ... ..... .. 2 Ilo. . . Pearson's br e Bedouin, Darriwell -Black Gipsy... ... .. . 3 Eighteen started, and IIorteaso won by half a length' Time, lmin. 7Psee. THE VICTOIImA DERBY-A sweepstakes of 35 soy., each, 5 ft., with 650iovs added. The second bores to receive 100 sovs. and the third 50 sos,. out f the stake. For three year-olds-colts, 8St 101b; fillies, 8st 51b; geldings at time of running allowed 31b. One mile and a half. Heon J. White's ch a Trident, Robinson Crusooe-ocoanut, 3 yrs (Hales) ... :.. 1 lr D. Cooper's oh c Chesham (Rtobertson)... 2 lrA. t. . Blackwood's ch o Aglaos 3 Hon sV. A. Long's h f lladdelina ... ... 0 Mr J. Stoclton's bc IKingfish ... ... 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's be First Consul ... ... 0 Hon J. Whito's br g Volcano ... ... 0 After a grand race Chesham shot out at the sheds and came away with apparent ease from the field and entering the straight was soeveral lengths ahead. Half way up the straight Hales put the whip on the favourite, and gradually overhauling Chesham, won by a length. Aglaos 20 lengths off third. Time, 2mina. 30secs. BELLING RacGE-Soven furlongs. Huron ... .. ... ... ... 1 Ghost ... ... ... ... ... 2 Stafford ... ... . . .. 8 Won easily hard held. Time, Imin. 26sec. ConunE STAKEs-One mile one furlong. Daystar ... 1 St. Jeoha ... ... ... ... 2 Hogmanay . ... ... ... 3 At the rooms on Saturday night 4 to 1 was offered against Trident, and level hundreds that he did not gain a place. Isonomy was quoted at 100 to 14, Ben Bolt 100 to 12, Little John and Meoteor 10 to 1, Silvermino 100 to 6, Trenton 100 to 5, Sheet Anchor 100 to 3. Affluence is not likely to start, having met with an acci dent, Little John is reported to be going well, and the Meteor party are said to be rather hopeful. 