BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. Robert Browning, the poet, has just presented to Mr. Henry Irvine an in' jr casting relic of Edmund Kean. It is the green silk purse which was found, without a sixpence in it, in the great tragedian pocket after his death. It i was given by Charles Kean to be the late J. >hn Forster," by whom it was bequeathed by Mr. Browning. The. famous actor, upon whom fortune had rained a shower of gold, disc penni- less when he was only 46. " Come home," was the dying tragedian's cry to his wife; from whom he had separated himself She hurried to his bedside, but on his death found she was homeless. Whatever the house contained was seized by his creditors, and sold by auction for their benefit A German newspaper contains the following : " The apostle ' Scheewe, of Berlin, was recently baptising six persons, male and female. They all went into the water without shuddering and the pastor was about to officiate, when suddenly one of the neophytes cried out, ' Donner und Blitzen j' how cold it is. The candidate was rejected." This story CSJIB to mind another by G. A. Sala of a negro neo- phyte, who was ducked under similar circumstances, and who reared his head above the surface, with the remark, " Tell you what sir ; someday some gentleman's nigger get, drowned with such damned foolishness as this." Mr. Walter Besant in the Contemporary .RCCT'CIO tells us that he Educati m Act, from which so much was expected in the Mother Country, is a failure, and that it is now perceived it can never achieve the results anticipated from it. A very small percentage of all the children who past through the schools are educated at all and, what little they have acquired is speedily forgotten when they turn out into the world at 13 years of; age. Continuation schools, like those established in Germany, Switzer- land, Holland, and Belgium, must, it is urged, by instituted in England, so that the i pupils may receive that technical education without which the Mother County cannot calculate upon maintain- ing her place at the head of the industrial nations of the world." The largest balloon ever constructed is probably that of Herr Ganswiudt, at Berlin. By the help of this colossal machine, which is capable of being steered with comparative facility in its course through the air, he says he is able to attain a speed of 14 yards to 16 yards per second, or a mile in less than two minutes. The maximum speed at gained by the celebrated balloon of MM. Krebs and Renard, in their trials at Meudon, in 1884, was only about three quarters this velocity The Ganswindt balloon is of ellipsoidal form, or cigar shaped, being about 150yds. long by 16yds. in diameter. Its capacity is 20,000 cubic yards, or about 10 times the size of the Krebs-Renard balloon, The Ganswindt machine is said to be capable of carrying a load of nearly 30 tons, independently of its car- and steam engines, which together weigh about 24 tons. Propulsion is effected by means of three terial screws. Two of these, each 11 yards in diameter, are vertical, whilst the other, measuring 8 yards in diameter, is horizontal. Her Ganswindt, who has been making preparations for an exhaust i s e trial of his balloon, affirms that he will be able to travel in any direction he pleases, even to the midst of the most violent storms. lion tamers and circus heroes in Paris have been unlucky of late. The famous side), attacked by one of his lions, received 17 horrible wounds, and was lacerated frightfully before his people succeeded in driving off the infuriated monster by beating him on the nose with red hot iron bars. His life was despaired of, but he has written to the papers to say that his wounds are he ling, and that he will ere long reappear i his usual feats among the tremendous occupants his menagerie. An acrobatic star has killed herself by falling from a great height in the accomplishment of one of her dangerous leaps ; another, Mile. Leona Dare, who is turning the heads of the people of Brussels with the feats which seems to have been imagined by way of proving her right to her name, may very well meet her death by making Sa loon ascensions, as she is now doing in the Belgian capital, hanging to a cord by her teeth. Mr. Edward Stanhope, the new Secretary of State for the Colonies, has appointed the Marquis of Carmarthen, eldest son and heir to the Duke of Leeds, to be one of his assistant private secretaries, though without a salary. The Marquis of Carmarthen is about three or four and twenty years of age, and at the last general election unsuccessful y contested the Newmarke'division of Cambridgeshire against Mr. Newnes, the proprietor of the popular paper TiUBiU. The young Marquis is described as being a man of considerable ability. It is said of his father, the present Duke of ' eeds, that he has never been seen in public outside . racecourse. The Tichborne claimant has not attracted crowds to his lectures in New York, but he had the honour of being interviewed. Replying to the question of who was interested in his case now, he said :-" Miss Baring, of the great family of bankers, chiefly, with many wealthy Englishmen. Miss Barton has spent over 40 600dol. in collecting evidence during the last two or three years, sending agents to Australia and all over the world, and everything is now in hand. The evidence I have is absolutely incontrover i fibre and proves not only that I am not Arthur Orton, but that I am Sir Roger Tichborne." Anglers know well that the voracious pike is a fish most tenacious of life and that hours after he has lain in the fishing creek apparently dead, he is quite capable of giving a snap with his sharp teeth. But few are aware _ how long a pike will live out of his proper element. A Paris fishmonger recently received a quantity of fish from Rotterdam, which were packed in ice. Among these was a pike over 3ft long, which, on un- packing, was seen slightly to move its gills. The fish was placed in fresh water, with the result that in a few hours it was fully alive and very active. This fish, as far as can be learnt, was actually out of the water three days, during which time it travelled nearly 300 miles. It is now ' in the Trocadero Aquarium, and seems to have fully recovered from its curious experience. A country rectory (says a London writer) is not exactly the place to which to take with safety a notice, " No Prim rise Dames need apply here," but per . haps the joke of the engineman who sent the boy not altogether sharp " to do so, was the better on that account. But the Rev. Charles Wo leeton Manwaring, of Stainton, near Don \- castor, should be taught that the way to receive a practical joke is not to thrash unmercifully the unwitting agent of it. If he had gone out and punched the head of the '. enginemen," we should have felt some respect for his courage at all events, 'however silly we might have thought him, but-with the brave aid of his house- keeper-to tie a poor daft child's legs and then beat him with a knob stick well, it is a pity that some muscular officer of the Stainton Radical Club (we hope there is one), was not passing at the moment. Perhaps ' he would have suceeeded in thrashing the rector without the assistance, of any woman in tying his legs .<<When the boy's mother went to the rectory to see what it was all about, Mr. S Manwaring began to talk about the Prim- Cross League, and it is alleged that he said he could see she and her husband were Liberals, and he would have her turned out of the Clothing Club. To disestablish the Church in order to get rid of such a people would be like cutting down an oak to catch a polecat, but they must be got . rid of somehow. At any rate, the public eye is on the magistrates of the) Doncaster j 'West riding. "' ' , ' Hobart Pasha related the following episode of his career as a blockade runner during the American orri war-ship was quiet in a about 1 o'clock in the in ming, when suddenly, to our horror, we found a steamer close alongside of me. How the had got there with out our knowledge is a mystery to Bonus even now. However, there she was and we had hardly seen her before a Been human voice bowled out, ' Heaven in that steamer or I'll sink you It seemed as if all was over. a butter deter mined to try a ruse before giving" the" little craft up. so I answered, a »y, ay, sir; we are stopped.' The cruiser was 80 yards from us We heard orders given to man and arm the, quarter boats ; we saw the boats lowered into the water ; we saw them coming ; we heard the laugh- ing and a cheering at the prospect of their prize ; the bowmen had just touched the sides of their vessel with their boat hooks when I his- pen i down the tube into the engine room, ' Full speed ahead, and away we shot into the pitch darkness. I don't know what happened ; whether the captain of the man-of-war though- that his boats had taken possession, and thus did not try to stop us, or whether he stopped to pick up his boats in the rather nasty sea that was running someone who reads this may know. All I can say is that not a shot was fired and all that in less than a minute he pitch darkness hid the cruiser from our view." ' Mr. Maurice Barrymore was asked, on his arrival in New York from London, what Mr. Irving thought of Mr. Dtxey's imitation. Mr. Barrymore said :-" he has met Dixey, and the story goes that Irving remarked, I am delighted to see you. Permit me to congratulate you on your admirable imitation of myself. I see that you have achieved great success in it is. really you flatter me I' responded Dixey, seemingly at a loss for an appropriate reply. ' Not at all, continued the tragedian ; ' I may say that your imita- tion not only equals, but with a tinge of sarcasm-' quite surpasses me. I leave the Lyceum shortly for a much needed vacation. If you would, like to succeed me during the summer at that theatre the public would, perhaps, hardly notice the change.'" Can this of A correspondent sends a London paper the following little anecdote, illustrative of the differ it nuances of nationality, Irish and English respectively :-'' The other day I took a boat from Putney to Hammersmith, and, as I didn't wish' to return by river, i got a man to steer me" and take the boat back again. We talked all the time. He told me of two ladies he had rescued from a capsized boat. I hoped they had rewarded him. They gave me a five-pun-note,' he said and I hadn't expected more than five shillings.' ' Well, I said you were better off than an Irish boat- man I once knew, who gave it a gentleman at considerable risk to himself. The gentleman offered him half-a-crown as a reward. ' Look here, sir, said the Irish- man, 'if you only value your life at half a-crown, I'll make you a present of it. And he did. ' Oh,' said my English coxswain, that was very wrong to waste money like that I'd have taken the half crown, and grumbled till I got more " A grain of the volcanic dust which was thrown up during the recent Tarawera eruption in New Zealand has been examined under strong microscopic power. When contrasted with a little finely powdered pumice it was discovered that it differed materially from that substance Under the microscope pumice does not polarise at all, but every atom of the volcanic dust that is not opaque polarises into very brilliant colours, a most vivid emerald green and a lovely topaz yellow being quite distinct. A general order has been issued to the army in India announcing that the Viceroy is satisfied that the charges brought against Colonel Hooper, late Provost Marshall at Mandalay, of photographing condemned criminals at the moment of execution, and of causing a prisoner to confess under threat of death, have been established. The order adds that Colonel Hooper's conduct reflects discredit upon the British army, and that the Viceroy would have been justified in recommending his dismissal from the service ; but, having regard to his past career, thinks that a public reprimand will be sufficient. The "Cock Tavern," a famous London Fleet-street inn, that is said to have remained internally unaltered since the days of James L has been bought by the Bank of England, and will soon be demolished. Where is the ghost of Dr. Johnson 1 