Tales and Sketches. Aunt Betsy's Present. " Wbll, I must say I think it hokribly mean of your Aunt Betsy, Estellfc. After making such a favourite of ycti all your life, aud having you with, hat ever since you were a mere baby, she might haye sent you something worth having on your twenty-first birthday, especially as she knows how poor wo are since your father's death," said my mother sharply. "Tou had belter take it as a hint for the future and not build any more castles on what Aunt Betsy is likely to do for you," remarked my sister Lena. ' Walter, my brother, added with provoking | grimace: — "Here endethmy sister Stella's * great expec tations.' " "Tou need not make such unpleasant re marks," Xadded, pettishly. "In sending mo the portrait of her old sweetheart, poor auntie has given me her greatest treasure,'and she, no doubt, thinks I shall value it as much as she does," "Well, it may come in useful, after all, for if, as I expect, you r.cver get a sweetheart, you can imagine he was yours,.when you are u e.-ur old maid like Aunt Betsy," saiql Lena, who prided herself not a little on being engaged at 18, while I at- 21 had never had an offer, or eren the ghost of a lover. I had lived with Aunt Betsy down in her quiet country home in tho south of Cornwall until my father's death two years before, when coming up to London for his funeral, I found my mother left in 6uch straitened circumstances that I felt it my duty to stay and earn what money 1 could to help her. Thereby, however, I incurred Aunt Betsy's anger. " Surely," she wrote, " your brother and sister can help your mother. Tcu have no seed to leave me lonely in my old age, after I have had all the trouble of you as a child." Arc. • I would willingly have retnrned, for a closo London lodging was not at all to my taits after my aunt's large, airy country house, but my mother seemed to lean on me, and so dreaded my leaving her that 1 bad not tho heart to go. Aunt Betsy neither came nor wrote, and I had quite resigned myself to the idea that 1 was hopelessly on her black books when the above related event took place. Now I knew that 1 was forgiven. In her early youth Aunt Betsy, then the beautiful Elizabeth Marston, my father's only sister, had been engaged to the son and heir of a wealthy London banker. He had been sent abroad on business for his father put before they were to have been mar ried, nr.d through the jealous treachery of an other man who had madly loved her, and wished to supplant his rival the engagement had been suddenly broken off by him. Re then remained ab;ead, and Aunt Betsy never heard from him again. Just before ho left England he had presented her with a beautiful little miniature of himself ect in gold and diamonds, and this she kept, together witk her maiden name. No other lover ever induced her to change it. As a girl I had often eeen and reverently ad mired the pretty souvenir, and I had taken all a girl's keen interest in the love-story attached to it. Aunt had always told me it was to be mine, and now I felt certain, with this treasure in my possession, that I had not quite lost my old place in her favour, though I fceird in the same letter in which she solemnly commended the portrait to my care, that she had adopted an orphan girl in my place as her companion and probable heiress. I put the letter and portrait away with a sigh of relief for my old happy home, with its quiet and freedom from the daily toil and worry that were now my portion. Things went on from bad to worse with us, and my twenty-second birthday found me in despair. Walter, in despair, had gone to New Zealand Lena hod married on a very slender income, and gone to live in the north. I could not bend to ask help from Aunt Betsy, aud my mother was ill, and my work so scarce that I could barely find us in the necessaries of life. At last I, too, became ill, and we had not a penny in the house; everything we had, even poor mamma's engagen ect ring, had gone for! food. | "Stella, you must go and get some money : Mrs. Button says she will have the rent to morrow, or wc shall have to turn out into the street. There is—would you mind, dear? — your Aunt Betf y's present > you could get enough for that to keep us for a long time." '"Mamma, dear,'I cannot, dare not sell it! Anything of mine I would not withhold, but this—oh, don't ask me!" " And yet the generous donor has never sent us tho price of a loaf," said my mother, bitterly. "Well, take my wedding-ring ; it has nerer been off my finger sicce your poor, dear father put it on 26 years ago; but it mu6t go now." "No, no, mamma, you must not, shall not take it off. I will go and take aunt's present, not to eell, but to the pawnshop; then I may, perhaps, get it beck when Walter sends ueeomc money." With a heavy heart and woiry, laggin? steps, I departed on zny hateful errand. All our things had been sold; we had preferred to lose them to going iato tint l&st; diegrsceful refuge of the destitute, a London pawnbroker's. Arrived outside, I paced to and fro, until my tottering limbs, weak from illness and continual fasting, warned me that my strength would not hold out much longer. I entered. Only one other person—a tall, dark gentleman, whose face I could not see in the semi-darkness—stood there talking to the shopman. "I tell you, my man, the plate is here. It has been traced by a clever detective, who will join me here in a few minuter. He is only delayed because he thinks he h*g 1 raced the thief, and has gone to follow up the search." : "Well, air, I am sure you are mistaken, but: my principal will be here in a few minutes; you must talk to him. What can I do for you, young woman?" ho asked, turniug to me eomc what eagorly, evidently glad of an excuse to evade the unpleaeant visitor's conversation. Unable to speak, I drew forth my treasure. The shopkeeper lcoked suspiciously at mo as ho took it up and tested it. , I "Your name and address, please," .ho sold, I sharply. " And how much do you want ?" " I want a—a ltttle money, if you pleaae," I faltered. As X spoke the gentleman turned, and! could feel a pair of bright, keen eyes scanning my palo face. I grow more helplessly confused j my. tongue refused to utter a word. , '• Tell the shopman how much you want and your name, my good girl," he said, in a kind and pitying tone. . ? Then, for tho first time, I raised my eyes to his face, feeling that I had found a friend.' Merciful heaven! was I dreaming, or had my late troubles driven reason from my brain; and filled it with wild delusive fancies. - Surely there stood the original of Aunt Betsy's portrait, hut young and stalwart as ho had been 40 years ago, when it was taken. In vain 1 tried to speak. I could only point helplsssly to the portrait; tho Bhop with its occnpan!* and its contents swam around me, and with a cry for help I sank filiating to the ground. When I next woke to consciousness I wae lying on an improvised bed on the old couch in our eittin room at home. I moved my head ; it felt weak and sore. Then I tried to lift tny hands, but tomy surprise I was powerless to do so. A woman plainly dressed, with a kind, motherly face, was silting near me, and rose as lmoved* X looked around bewildered. "JIamma!" I called feebly. "Hush, hush, my dear miss," said the kind looking woman soothingly. "You mutt not speak; your mamma is asleep, and you might wake her." , . . 80I lay still, wondering weakly who she was and who had sent her there; but presently, seeing her stir the fire into a blaze, I forgot her caution, as all my old anxiotie» came bacx, and I said pleadingly: "Don't poke the fire, please. It will burn out too quickly, and we have no more coals." " Oh, now, miss, you have bean dreaming. The cellar is nearly, full, the coals only came last week." . Again X essayed to answer, hut was so gently jot with such authority ordered to be quiet that X was glad to obey, so X lay still, enjoying the sensation of being able not even to think. In a day or two I grew stronger; and one morning, to my delight, my mother came in, and X had leave given me to talk a little. Then I heard all about my late adventure. " It is really a most wonderful event, my dear, and reads like & chapter out of a three volume novel," said my mother, who, by the way looked quite bright and 6trocg again. " When you fell down in a faint, you let fall the envelope in which you had carried the miniature, and the gentleman who was in the shop—" "I remember him,mamma "I cried excitedly; "he was the very image of tho portrait. 1 I fancied I must be dreaming." | "That is the strangest part of ihe story, but i you won't let me tell it to you properly, my dear. That gentleman s&w; your name and address, brought you home in a cab, sent a nurse in and everything we wanted, and he has been our good angel ever since. He is Arthur Hashleigh, the only son of your aunt Betsy's old lover, who, after mourning the supposed faithlessness of his old love, married late in life, and has not long been dead, leaving Arthur a large fortune. His astonishment at seeing you with his father's portrait, you may bo eure, was very great. However, it was a very lucky thing for us; after all, aunt Betsy's present va3 not such a poor one. By the way, here it is; Mr Bashlcigh was kind enough to bring it back with him." There was one thing which did not appear to concern my mother in tho least, but *nade my pale face fiarne, and that was the idea of re* ceiviDg all these benefits from a mere stranger, upon whom we had not the slightest claim, unless the fact that his father. 40 years ago, had been my aunt's lover could bo considered So I made up an eloquent speech, in which I tb&nked; him warmly for all his goodness, and delicately yet firmly conveyed the information that I intended to repay him as soon as 1 could get work again. But carefully as X rehearsed it, that eloqu-ni speech was never uttered, nor did I wocdor at. my mother's willingness to receive benefits from him, when once X had seen and talked witli him. He was so lonely, he said; he had not & friend or relative in England, and a man servant, whom he had treated with kindness and confidence, had just robbed him of some valuable old family plate which his father hud thought highly of, and had curried with him in all his wanderings. For me, may 1 confess it wilboutslumc —the grateful interest I felt in him soon grew into love, and, ah, happy as my life has b^en since, can I ever forget that happy evening when walking homo from the theatre, whither ho had taken mo, he told mo that he lovod mo' dearly, and asked me to be his wife ? " But I—I am poor, I am not pretty, and I am eo old 1" I pleaded, fearing to accopt this sweet new happinere, and minuful of Lena's depreciation of my personal appearance, age, Ac. Arthur laughed and drew my arm closer in his. " If you arc too old for marriage at 22, how may I hope, with six more years added on, ever to enter that blissful state?" lie asked. So I said yes, and soon after we all wont down to Aunt Betsy's, and there I was married at the little village church to the son of lior old lovor, who lovod arid reverenced the quoer, touchy old maid not a liule for her loyal de votion to his father. So Aunt Botsy's present saved my deal mother's life, and also saved me from the dreadful fate l.ena had threatened mo with. I had it made into a lookot, and wear it con. etantly.: It i'b generally. mistaken for tho pro trait of my dear husband, so is the largo oil painting of his.father which hangs in our drawing-room, from which the miniature was copied. -ii. We are vorv happy, and when my brother Walter comes" h ime, as we expect him to do with his young bride, next Christmas, we shall have a wonderful story to tell him of that same present whioh he-and Hena had thought so little of. .' • 