Purgatory. LECTURE BY MR- H. A. LONG. On Thursday the 25th August Mr. H. A. Long the famous Glasgow Champion, deli vered a lecture on Purgatory, in the Temper ance Hall. J. Cameron, Esq., J.P., occupied the chair. Mr. Long said Rome has decreed by her Councils that there is a place wherein the faithful are detained aftor death until they have expiated bv sufferings for venial sins for which they had not suffered during life through the performance of penances. Though in their dogmatic and conciliar teachings they shrink from affirming this penalty to be by fire proper, yet the Roman Church teucheB by priests and pictures that souls are there purified by the agony inflicted in flames. Thus it is that when we reason with Papists upon the dogma of purgatorial distress, and he meets with any text seem ingly fiery, he forthwith cries out with eureka joy, "Ohl here's fire." When I visited the great Cathedral of Notre Dame at Montreal, seating 6,000 persons, I observed large paintings of scenes in Purgatory, of which some presented souls up to their knees in flames, others were in the fire down to their hips, and others again had flames playing round their breasts. There waB an appeal made to help the souls suffering in Purgatory, hut I felt no liberal impulse to invest cash in tbat ecclesiastical department. Rome makes nothing of the doctrine as to Hell and so says in her creeds nolhing about it. Let it be noted, that though she occupies much in the creed of Pope Pius IV. in defining and insisting on this locality and doctrine of Purgatory she says nothing about Hell as the abode of the finally impenitent in her creeds, probably because Hell is a dead head out of which nothing can be got, whereas she has realised more from Purgatory than gold miners have from Ballarat, Gympie and Mount Morgan superadded. Her favourite saying is, " Out of Hell no redemption," and so then Hell kills cash. Of course the doctrine is not got out of the Scriptures because not in, but is drawn from heathen sources, being a part of Greek and Roman mythology not of Christian theology. Thus the poet Virgil tells of souls who having departed this life soiled by its taint, certain were purified by winds, but worse cases were treateJ by watery floods, while worse yet demanded fire unto purification. The Pope snapped at the text " There shall enter nothing that defileth," and reasoning thus feebly "The best of us have our faults and therefore must be puri fied before we can enter the new Jerusalem and stand before the Holy One." Having shut the bible he forgot that blessed text : " The blood (death) of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from all sin," as he also did this : " There is no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus," nay, he even lost sight of the cm. Psalm : " Who forgiveth all thine iniquities, who healeth all thy diseases." If God for gives He forgives the sin of the entire life : all is forgiven, paBt, present and to come. What would it avail were God to forgive me my sin up to current date when we daily err by excess or defect. God never forgave a soul some of its bins, hence the absurdity of absolving a man up to the time of confession. Think of our Lord partly healing a man of leprosy, partially cooling a fever. Or fancy that when Jesus restored a blind man to sight that six months after he fell blind again. Once forgiven wholly forgiven and for ever forgiven. If you point me to " For give us our trespasses " my answer is should my walk and conversation be unbecoming of the Gospel I shall fail to realise this forgive ness though I have it, and it is the realisation of pardon that gives liberty, peace, joy. In that model prayer we also say : " Give us this day our daily bread," even when it abounds on our table, bo then I pray for what I have in grateful acknowledgment of the gracious Giver. The Almighty gave me bodily life once, spiritual life once, pardon of my sins once — gifts absolutely unrepeatable. It is a wonder to me that if the Pope could not see that Purgatory was an insult to Calvary, inas much as it argues the insufficiency of the all atoning death, yet he would, at least, have seen that it fatally reflects upon Absolution and Extreme Unction. If the soul be effect ively shriven and annealed, what need for fire? Pity any poor priest. Think of this: as he passeB down your crowded streets he is taught to believe that every soul he sees will at death be plunged into flameB, the faithful into Purgatory, us hereticks into Hell, and he is also taught that the flames where the faith ful abide are equally as paininflicting as those where heretics dwell. Talk of Popery fas cinating 1 I can think of nothing more shocking, repulsive, offensive. Every man, woman, child in the Roman communion is plunged into flames at death according to the formularies save these three classes : The baptized who retain their baptismal innooenoy by dying before they commit any sin, either mortal or venial — these may be said to be infants. Martyrs who are baptised in their own blood. Saints, and to be proved such it must be shown they have wrought at least three miracles. Now our priest sees none of these three classes on our streets. My teach ing in that every true Christian is a saint, a sanctified man on whom the merit of Christ is, but Rome abhors such doctrine. It there fore follows that upon death all Adam's race enter one of two furnaces, either for a time or for ever, there to dwell. If that be not an awful view to take of our fellow men, I know not what can be. But let us try how our theory comes out in practical life. The great Pio Nono dies, he the last occupant of the See of Peter wielding a sceptre of political power. Well, surely, he will be level up with Lazarus, who dying was immediately received into the bosoms of angels who took him with kisses and songs to the Paradise of God. Pius the Ninth will assuredly reach equality with the Dying Thief, who went on his dying day to Paradise. No, he is marched off to Purgatory there to suffer pains equal to those of Hell, and that for no man knows how long, for the priests of Baal are still offering masses fo- the repose of his soul. What madnesB to think that a tempting religion. Who, of all the Italian nation shall escape the burnings when their Pontiff Priest is en gulphed therein ? How bright the prospects of the sons and daughters of superstition, but how sincere they must be. Yes, sincere as the Hindoo is who travels and travails towards the Gunga in spiked sandals. But being sincerely wrong does not save : being honestly right does that. Consider the case of his ex-raightinesB, Dan O'Connell. Having done more than any Irishman living or dead to help on Popery in Ireland and to injure the Protestant crown, he. dies saying: "My body to Ireland, my heart to the Pope, and my sonl to God." Somehow he overlooked the claims of Purgatory, but let that go. Surely the pearly gate will be ajar for Dan. No, he turns up in Purgatory as fresh as paint, grilling, frying, roasting away like any Tipperary shoneen who had neglected mass. S rely puzzled at masses being said for the repose of his pious soul, I enquired into the matter by questioning a leader amongst the Fenians, about and give you his reply : — " When that Saxon ruffian who afterwards be came Geo. IV., was Prince of Wales, he visited Dublin. Of course there rnuBt be reviews in Phoenix Park, balls and banquets. At one of these banquets all the big-wigs of Ireland were present, and O'Connell, being a rising man, took hiB place in the Irish galaxy shining round the Prince. Orders had been given that every glass on the dinner-tables should be primed with real Boyne water, brought from the stream the day before. All being ready, George said : ' Gentlemen, I call upon you upstanding to drink to the pious, glorious and immortal memory of King William of the Boyne.' Of course, all stood and all diank, and Dan could not keep his seat as that would be insulting the Prince, and so he gulped the nasty Btuff. The next day the priests heard of it through the papers, and at once threatened that, die when he would, Dan should be kept an extra time where be could get no Bayne water. And I hope they'll keep him till the day of judgment." If bo good a man fares so ill for so little, what can be looked for by the ordinary rank and file of the Irish, some of whom put gaolers and police to considerable inconvenience ? But I Bbould like to give a few minutes of consider ation to the false philosophy, underlying not so much the doctrine as the idea of Purgatory. Nothing is clearer than that Rome holds puri fication is the outcome of fire externally applied to souls, her subjects go into the flames purgational. Every thinker knows thoroughly that man can only be purified from within. Nothing whatsoever can purify from without, for the simple reason the purifying agent does not in thoBe conditions get at the subject to be purified. If the skin, man's physical circumference, is pure, is it not because his vital organs are in a healthful condition ? Does not learning enter the mind ? Do not affections enter the heart and emanate therefrom ? Does not Christ the Spirit per sonally dwell in the heart of every believer ? Here, then, is purification from within, whereas the Pope has stupidly made it from without. When Christ healed a leper, did be not reach him from the seat of his disease within the unclean man? The professed Vicar of Christ professes to purify from the circumference by mythical fire, instead of from the centre by almighty power, reno vating, recreating,' making all things new. Because unable to make new, he burns the old. When John baptised in the Jordan he said : ' I indeed baptise you with water unto repentance, but there cometh one after me mightier than I. He shall baptise you with the Holy Ghost — even with fire ' ; which we paraphrase thus : 1 1 wash your bodies ; it is all I can do in token that your souls need washing, but though I cannot purify your immortal part, Christ can by His sanctifying Spirit entering you spirit and abiding in you unto continued purification.' The Pope puts his fire to the wrong part ; his Holiness is philosophically muddled. I am truly amazed at the childish storieB told about imagined Purgatory by Infallibility. Here I hold ' St. Liguori on the commandments,' wherein this pet saint puts forth the following silly story . ' Turlot relates that a sick man, who was con fined to bed and afflicted with many pains for a year, prayed to God to release him from life. God sent an angel to tell him to choose either to go to Purgatory for three days, or submit to his pains for another year. The sick man chose the three days in Purgatory, where, after death, he was visited by the angel. He complained that the angel had de ceived him, and that he wan suffering there not for three days, but for several years. The angel said to him : " What ! a day has scarcely passed ; your body is not yet buried ; and you say that you are suffering here for several years 1" The deceased then besought the angel to bring him back to life, that he might suffer his former infirmities for the year. His prayer was heard ; and after hav ing returned to life, he encouraged all who came to visit him to suffer with cheerfulness all the pains of the present, rather than wait for the painB of the next life.' Moral : It is grand to be a Papist, as a deceased Protestant would hold his tongue. What drivel is the pabulum of Rome. Who can wonder that its victims fall behind in the social race of life and become hewers of wood and drawers of water ? Few things affect my mind more than the astonishing insults put by Papist authors, writing by authority of their church, upon the ordinary members of their com munion respecting indulgences and the duration of Purgatory. How can a sensible man write as Liguori does? Witness the following : ' He who hears mass gains an in dulgence of 3,800 years.' This he says iu his shameless work on 'The Ten Command ments.' Now, it is notorious that many Papists have heard mass 100 times, whereby they have gained the patronage 38,000 years in respect to Purgatory. Can the force of absurdity go farther. Again : ' They who say five paters and aves in honour of the Virgin Mary, gain an indnlgenoe of 10,000 years.' Comment is useless. If they be so ignorant, so they most be. We Protestants also have our Purgatory ; but it is He — not a a palace, but a Person. Imitating Him we cast aside this mythical locality and say to every man, ' Hold your eye on.' 1 Behold the Lamb of God that taketb away the sin of the world.' Christ Jesus our Lord is our Purga tory, b' His sent Spirit, because of His shed Blood. The lecturer was frequently applauded, and at the close of the address several questions were put and answered, before the audience dispersed. 