Else tyq slhiub Dimes. FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1886. TuE flrewell speech of Mr SERVICE to the electors of Castlemaine on Wednes day evening was precisely what might have been anticipated, and it was no thing more. No one could reasonably expect that the retiring Minister could give the public any precise information as to the line of conduct which might be followed out by a Cabinet which has yet to be constructed, and whose very leader has still to be decided upon. The public looked forward with great inte rest to the utterances of Mr SERVICE, because they felt that some explann tion of the cmuses of the sudden disin tegration of a Government. which had served then well for so long was due, and they were also tiixious to hear from the Premier's own lips his defence of certain public acts which had called forth a good deal of unfavourable com ment in the press. They wished, too, to have his opinion uponll the political situation, and whether he thought that public affiirs should still be conducted upon coalition lines in the near future. Nor were they disappointed in any one of these points. The history which lie gave of the causes which led to the sunalgamation of the two plarties in the State, and the benefits which attended the formation of the Coalition Ministry was cdmllete and exhaustive, and their only. public act which lie seemed to feel himself imperatively called upon to defend wm;s the placing of Mir IERFERD on the Supreme Court bench. If there is nothing behind, which was left un said, this defence was a triumphantly successful one, and we can easily be lieve the speaker when le declared that in six months' time the people will say there was neveri a better judge than aIr KERFERD. Ve Inusn refer our readers for the portion of the speech which dealt with this matter, as well as for several othero mportant par grallhs of MIr S:viCE'S adlress, to the Melbourne Ilppers, front which the leport that appears elsewhere is abridged, and as the fll text of the address takes up nearly iine cohlunsls in the leading metropolitan joulral, it will be easily understood that we have ibeen coopelled to confine out selvs to only a few of the sulljects treated on. With regard to the opinions of the l'relliler as to the lines oit which the lciw Miiistry sholnhl be laid doswn, everyone, except those stormy petrels of politics to whom Ile trefers, will tie glad to seal his remarks upon the use lIsslnes of attempting to risurrect ohl party cries, and to resuscitate " the evil pat "; and every well-wishler to the eountry will agree with him in his rather full flavoutred figure of speech that in doing so the people would be raising, not the ghosts, but the putrid corpses of old parties and party cries which wouldl he ofllensive alike to touch and smell. It is sincerely to Ie hopled that this will not be the, case, and that those politi cians who oasy can bealit by a row, and at the exlpense of the country, will reinin ungratilied for a very long time to come. The Premier, towards the close of his remsarks, referred, though at no great length, to the decentralisation question, bringing the debit balance of money spent during the last ten years upon the country side of the ledger.to; the tune of .£G00,000. These figures will no doubt be properly and promptly dissected byI the country party, and as Mr SErnIcE has given the items in detail there will be everyopportunity for audit ing and examining them. It is to ie noted that Mr BERRY, who was on the llatform with his colleague, appeared to think that, strong as was the case for the expiring Ministry made out by lMr Samvnce, it could have been, if neces sary, made considerably more effective, and judging. from the applause which greeted both gentlemen, it is clear that the electors of Castlemnaine at least :almit the force of the Premier's vindi cation of the acts of his Ministry. We think, too, that the political history of the past three years confirms this, the general opinion, most decisively. Despite the opposition of Sir Michael Hicks Beach, the leader of the Government in the House of Commons, ienter's latest telegram says that Mr Charles Bnrdlaugh, M.P. for Northampton, was duly sworn ia on W\ednesday. The Speaker ruled that there was no evidence to show.that Mr Bradilnulh !had not cllaned his freethinkiig 'or athcms tical opinions. The contract for the new public offices at Traralgon lihas been secured by Mr W. N. Frogley, for £.,18, The canal works have ibee fairly comn menced, a fair start having been made yes terday by the contractor, Mr T. G. Mattin son. Sceveral labourers were engaged in cutting, clearing and burning off the timber on the oppposite bank of the Thomson river, near the south approach to the Union bridge, nul about twenty hands will be employed for the remainder of this week in preparing the plant and attending to other preliminary matters, and Mr Mattinson expects to have the work in full swing, with about 100 men, early next week. A large quantity of the implements, such as larrows, earth- scoops, ploughl, &c.;, for carrying out the contract has been landed at the commencing point of the work, and a wooden office is being erected for the contractor. It is the inten tion of Mr .Mattinson to commnence operations at the lower end, and work towards Sale. The time allowed for the completion of the contract is four months, and providing that the weather is favorable, and no unforeseen dilliculties inltervene, the work will lie finished by that time. A rumour, which lad not the slightest foundation, had been lloating about Sale for the last few days that the contractor hald decided upon not taking up the work, but Mr 3Mattinson as sures us that lie never enltertalined such an idea for a momlent, nor, out of his nnlumer ous tenders which which have been accepted for works has lie ever withdrawn from one. It is in contemnplation, we believe, when the muniicipal estimates for the year are being considered by the borough council onMloonday evening next, to set aside an amount for the creetion of some very much-needed additions to their chambers. No one will deny that extra accommodation is badly wanted, and in fact it sholld have beens provided years ago. A statement has gained sonie currenlcy in Sale since the vote 'on tile water qucs tion was taken on Monday last, to the effect that the horough counciluhad'no inten tion of proceeding with the scheme formnu latedl by M.r Bowman, for which lie obtained the bonus of £50; but that an entirely dif ferent plan in the possession of the council would Ile adoptel. We are in a position to state, on the most reliable authority, that the rumour is utterly groundless, anl that, had the matter been proceeded with,' Mr llowman's scheme would have been carried out in its entirety, with the exception that steam would have Ibeen substituted for gas as a motive power for the puimps. Tie usual quarterly meeting of teachers attending the Sale Presblyterina Sunday school was held in the schoolroom on Wed nesday evening last. M1r J. G. Coupar pre sided, and there was a fair attendance. It vas resolved to postpone the annual collec tion usually made on Ibehalf of the Sunday schiso? in the mirnth of January, till later in the year. It was also decided that anll enter taiunmet, consisting of a service of song, recitations, and readings he given by the teachers and scholars in aid of the Sunday school fiunds, in March next. Messras J. G. Conpar, F. Stocks, and DI. Jamieson being appointed a sub-commnittee to carry ont the arrangements in connection with the sarme. It is reported that Mr Robert Watson. of the tairnsdale district, and formerly of Sale, is a probable candidate for a seat in tbhe Assembly for North Gippsland. Mr Watson has filled several public positions in various parts of the district. Mr W. J. O'Nial, the extensive cheese manufacturer, supplies us with the follow- ing figures, which will show the extraor- dinary diminution in the milk supply of the district during the last two years : - At Mr O'Nial's Clydebank factory the number of gallons of milk supplied in 1883 was 19,500, this fell in 1884 to 11,200 gallons, and in 1885 only 6,700 gallons came to hand, a trifle over one-third of the return for 1883. At his Briagolong factory, 14,800 gallons of milk came to hand in 1883; in 1884 the sup- ply fell to less than half this amount, being only 5,400 gallons, and this again fell in the year just passed to 4,600 gallons, or less than one-third of the 1883 supply. It is possible that Safe gas consunmers may soon feel the effects of the wvlarf -alboulrers' strike in Melbourne. There is a compara tively small stock of coal in the gas works at present, and if the strike contiines, there uill be some difliculty in procuring a fresh supply. At the nmeeting of tihe Traralgon shire council, heldl on Wedinesday, Cr. Kelleher introduced a deputation from thie Mirbloo district, consistiig of Messrs .\lanton, Scott, and .saeoh,, slo ldesiredt tIhth the' council sioslss apply on their behalf for a portion of the grant for tramways, to assist them in constricting a tramway of about 15 miles in their district. The deputation estimated the cost of the line to be about £1,000 per mile. lThe council were not very clear as to the method which would blie adopted biy the Government in apportioning the nioney, bat lecidcdl to dlirect the secretary to give the lepsutation any assistaanze wlhich they re luired, and to sendl in application to tihe ovenlmenit on their Iehalf. It was saig gesteed that tihe ldeputation shohll combine with the Callignee residenlts, who are col templating a similar wvork. The promoters of a petition to tile Gover nor-in-Council, for dividing tile shire of Narracan an into four ridings attended at tile Public Works office on Wednesday, ii sup port of the petition. The petitioners were Messrs J.. M'.Mahon and J.. Powell, Js. P., ansl MIr John Lloyd, Dr. G. Moore, of ieothlnm, and rl r J. G. DImsaresq attended as ratepayers of the shire, the former in favour of the petition, the latter adopting a neutral positiou as regarded tile Is'incipal ohject of tlhe request, but in favour of an olteratios of thIe dividing line Ihetwen tihe laat and West rilding. lr.ssrs l'owell anI M'.llsahon addressed thle .Minister, strlssgly suv~ceating tile lobject of the petitiss, as also slid Iesslsr Lloydl as sl. Umaresqs*. Irt Mooress flldswed, pointing out thie ilesirlsls.ses O ,f elifting froms thie po-itions itndicated ill the petition tr the rs;ed I r tn l'sr.sf.lgar to 'lhorpldale, on the grosund that if the fIrsrmer line were asloptedl, thie r.tiep.ysrs sne.' 'ITrafalgar. woutl, at ass elhctijou he asIle tt, outvsote tile others. 3Ir l'Pwell followed, and supprtedl thie line I.dis downr in the petition on, th,' groutuld that ithe lise a-lvo cated Iy I)r. .loore wouhtl so split up the 'lraf.slgar interests as tsv rener thtms thlstsst powerlhe-s, at an clectiss, agstinsst lot,. NTr l ia the essterom portion of the sidi'_. A.ftr listening to the argtuents sf bltth parties, 11h' DeakiS., sshile deciingi to grant the foer ridlings, prossisctl to consider thle qucn titt If ths divilions line, assl to let lthe prOasstes lno' i110\t ill a. d5y Os two. .\ccounta wirll bIe Spayable at thie Stratfordl receipt us1 p:lay oslice to-tday fstr \'. L. liolelsn, .I. It. elly,11. and T'] 1 soyd : ssld at the .altslrt oltice fI, ]i. .stttl lesu l, i;. T. Jollesse,dII .1. KnIOx. Tl here are also an c~utss at thie Saile sllice for LD. J..oiser, 31. isssmlonss, \'. R. Cherry, A. Beaver, II. Laws, It. May, and GC. Pentland, It is time the Central Board of Health took steps to compel the railway authorities to make some better provision on the Gipps. lhand linoes for the conveyance of lish At present the fish vwan is near to the cngine, atsd whilst the train is travelling, the noxious smell from the van is wafted into the pas senger carriages behindl. As we before pointed out, this unpleasantness might be removed by placing the lish van at the rear of the train. M.r F. C. \nason, M.L.A., waited upon the Minister of Lands yesterday, and asked that steps might Ie taken todirain theMlocssamp, and thus make it available for settlement. An oflicer of the department stated that it sewould requlire adraini 12 miles in length, lint 8000 or 10,000 acres would then Ie avilalble for selection. MIr Mason asserted this Iand cohld be sold for £15 or £20 per acre, aiid Mr Tucker in reply promised to obtain what information on tihe matter he could before dealing with tie request. No less than four members of the Victorian police force have lately been dismissed from the service for misbehaviour, and Gippsland supplies one of the number, in the person of Lewis E. Richardson, who, for about two years, up to the time of his dismissal, had charge of the Dargo station. He had been in the habit of sending in claims for ex- penses for larger amounts than he was justly entitled to, which was eventually noticed by the department, with the result that he was expelled, and it was also decided to proceed against him criminally for obtaining monies from the department by means of false re- presentations. Richardson was presented at the Sale police court on Wednesday, charged with fraudulently obtaining 8s, the alleged offence having been committed while he was conveying a prisoner from Dargo to Sale on the 2nd Sept., 1885. The constable and the prisoner had been lodged for one night at the residence of Mrs Mary Webesdale, at the Stockyard, some fourteen miles beyond Stratford, and for which a charge of four shillings was made. Richardson afterwards sent in a claim to the Government for twelve shillings, instead of four, for the expenses of accomodation. The department caused enquiries to be made as to the correctness of the charge, and it was found that the amount had been overstated. 'Superintendent Beaver stated in court that this was only one of a number of similar cases which would be pre- ferred against the accused, and as the Super- intendent was not prepared to go on at once, he asked for a remand for eight days, which was granted by Messrs J. Little and T. Johnstone, J.sP., who were on the bench. Bail was allowed in two sureties of £25 each, and the accused in £50. A telegraph office has been opened at the Mirboo railway station, and the oflice for merly existing at Darlimurla has been closesd. A labomurer named, Johnson was brought in from Maflira yesterday afternioon I?y Sergeant Beck, and stas charged at'thes Sale police court with wife desertion. The accused's wife was in court, and stated that Johnson had left her without any ineans of support for several weeks past. The bench, Messrs J. W. Carroll and T. Johnstone, J.sP., de cided to adjourn the case until this morning, with a.view of gtiviingtho parties' cocirneil an opportunity of comiig-to some satisfac tory arrangement. We hare linen requested to state that in struction was resumed at St. Mary's seliool, Sale, last oismlay. Mr E. MI. O'Kelly is the head teacher. The pupils attending the Sale School of Design are reminded that the classes will re-assemble this evening at half-past seven at the State school. The temn to represent the Rosedale cricket club in the match to lie played at Traralgon to-morrow will be selected from the follow ing:-Crooke, Bowman. Cairns, O'Shea. Rowley, Shugg, PMNaughton, Crowe, \White, Champion, Howard, Alexander, and Cansick. Any of the players iamed who may be unable to take part in the match are requested to notify the.fact to the secretary. A cricket match will be played at Traral gon to-morrow between the local Juniors and the Rosedale Rovers, play to eommencee at 11.30 sharp. The Rovers will be selected from the following:-Cansick, Williams, Bassett, Wilson, Sullivan (2), Whitelaw, Allen, hay, Kcon,laker, Rowley, Vincent, O'Loughlin, and White. At the Sal poliee court on Wednesday, James P. Anderson was charged with utter ing a forged cheque for £10 on Mr G. Oreen well, of Rosedale. Superintendlent heaver applied for a remand to IRosedale, as the offence was committed there, andl-the bench, which was composed of Mlessrs J, Little and T. Johnstone, .J'i.P ':, irdleredAndersoni to appear at that place on the 21st inst. Another extensive fire broke out on Wednesday night at Jones's Rond, nearly as dlestructive as that whlich ocurred there a short time ago. It originated in the same builing as did the former fire, and was fed liy many thousands of gallons of petroleum anId other inflammable oils. A young man arned .Hubbard was severoly'bnrut iwhile helping to remove some of the goods, and dlied in the Melboerne Ilosisital aliout mid night on Wednesday. "Donahl Dinnie has forwarded £25 to the' Sporltsman as a deposit, and says he will give any man in Australia 2 feet start at puttilng either heavy or light stone (accord ing to rules generally recognised throughout the world) for from £50 to £500 a-side, or wrill put any man his own way level for same amount. All best brands of tobaeco and. cigars at John Pettit's Raymoid-street. Pipes, &e.;, repaired.--Ad 1rt,, We again direct attention to the mleeting of landowners at Tile Heart morass, to be heldl at the Club Hotel to-morrow afternoon, when tihe matter of arranging for the drain age of the morass will be discussed. * The date of receiving tenders for the erece tion of St. Mary's Catholic Church at. Sale has been extended until Monday, the 18th inst., at -1 p.m. Our readers are again reminded that Mersrs J. and A. Clues have chartered the Lakes' Navigation Co.'s steamer Dargo for an excursion trip to M'Lennan's Straits on Sundav next. SIr W . A. Blzey, pianoforte tiner is now iii Sale, antid iay be eommlnnicateld withl at Sir H. ,. Hcrbertc's, Foster-street. The partnernlship hIlithlerto existing betsceni Mleasrs W'. T: Tllhornley aidl J. Hniimilton, as cordlial manufacturers, has beensdissolved; and the business will in future lie carriedl on under the style of WV. T. Thlornley anld Co. Mar J J. Curtain elsewhlere notifies that all persons trespessing.on his paddock at Nuntin will Ie prosecultedl. Straying cattle will also be imupouunded. 