FALLEN FORTUNES. By TAMES PAYN. Author of ' Lost Sir Massingbku),' ' Walter's Word,' etc. chapter xxxiii. — evil tidings. (Continued. I 'Yes, yes; you ar: a brave girl, and a clever one too. Now, as for me, . I can never hide any* thing from Julia — I wish to heaven I could,, sometimes ! And just now, in your dear roomer s presence, 1 teit use — 1 aon t Know what— a disconcerted pick-pocket. It was the worst job I have had to do for many a day. She seemed to look through and through me, poor dear ; as much as to say : ' How can you deceive me, and keep things back like this, Uncle George ?' I can't see Tier again, Kitty ; I dare not. But if there is good news to bring, I'll bring it to her, at the best pace the mare can go. You must make some excuse for me to your mother : say my wife insisted on my being back to lunch — then she-will understand I had to go.' Poor II ode George : his distress and embar rassment were so extreme that he was ready to part with this last rag of independence, even before society, with whom he had hitherto kept up some fiction of his being responsible for his own actions. Kitty let him go, of course ; and as he got on his horse at the old ' mounting-stone in the Nook yard (within view of them a'.l, as she knew), shook hands with him gaily, and waved, her handkerchief as he rode out under the archway. Then, putting on as cheerful a face as -=he could assume, she entered the house. On the- narrow and ill-lit stairs, stood Jenny with her finger on her lips, as pale as a ghost. 'Come into my room,' she whispered: ** mamma is tired, and has fallen asleep on the sofa ; and Tony is at his sums.' Kitty followed her, alarmed for her secret ; her sister's eyes seemed to pierce hear. Jenny's room was a pleasant one in its way, though like others at the farm house, low and dark. Books were on the table, the floot, the chairs, and even the little bed ; her old desk was heaped with them ; reading and writing had elbowed out the lacemaking, which, however she still pursued in the parlour. ' What news, Kitty ? I am sure there is bad news,' were her first words as she dosed the door. 'No— nothing,' faltered Kkty. ' Don't deceive me, Kate ; I mean, don't try at it. Do you suppose I am. blind? Uncle George did not come here for nothing. Who ever saw him like that before, so nervous and ill at ease. Was it like him to tell Tony to re main within doors ? Of course he had some tiling private to tell you ; some misfortune — something about papa. Kitty burst into tears. ' Yes, Tenny, he had.' Then, as well as she could, she told her. She had wept but littlle before Mr. Campden; sympathy of the passionate sort was wanting between them, and she had a reputation for courage to keep np ; but now ihe broke down utterly. ' Hush t' said Jenny warningly ; ' mamma will hear you. Her voice was firm, her eyes were tearless. Kitty thought she must have some hope. ' You think with Uncle George, dear, that the boat must have been washed overboard,' said she eagerly—' that nothing r*?c happened to the ship itself?' ' No, I don't,' was the cold reply. ' But you don't think the steamer has gone down, Jenny ?' continued her sister pleadingly ; 'things will not surely be so bad as that ' My thinking will not alter them, Kitty. They have been bad enough hitherto. One thing I confess I am surprised at, that Mr. Campden should have had the forethought to keep back the Times; that was a piece of prudence beyond Uncle George, and. an act of tenderness (as I should have thought) beyond his wife.' 'It was Mr. Holt's doing, Jenny,' said Kitty. ' He telegraphed to Riv« woe, to put them on their guard aboat the paragraph.' ' O indeed ; that explains the matter.' ' It was very thoughtful ef Mr. Holt— was it not, Jenny t' 'Certainly. But no one ever accused him of waat of forethought. He is a man who lays his plans very far ahead, I reckon.' 'Jenny, darling, what makes yon so hard?' Surely, at a time like this——*' 'Hard? I am not hard,' broke in the other. 'It is yon, Kitty, who are too soft. Do you suppose that this man cares one itrth ing about dear papa or mamma, or even about you, except so tar as you concern himself? Do you suppose he took Jeff because he liked him, or out of charity, or from any good motive ol any kind? No. He did it because he hoped to melt your heart towards himself; in hopes that you would say: 'How thoughtful snd kind Mr. Holt is !' Tust what you have said, in fact,' 'O Jenny, how can yon talk of Mr. Holt now, with such sad news knrlKng in our eus !' ?« That is the very thing that makes meao bitter against him. At toe first tidings of danger to dear papa, this man pots himself f irward, presses himself upon your attention. He knows Mrs. Campden is backing him.' ' And yet, if he had not telegraphed, Jenny ; and the Times had come, and mamma had read the paragraph— —' 'True ; it would have killed her. — Pardon me, Kitty,' said Jenny, throwing her arms about her sister's neck; ' I have been unjust and harsh. One has no right to disbeneve in good, for that means in God. Perhaps it is alt for 'the best, but we have been greatly tried of late; and we arc feeble folk— l&c; the canto — a-few women and a child. It has seemed' bard to me, that's all: I have known ^hont papa for weeks; that is, that the ship' has been spoken of at Lloyd's -as overdue. Jeff wrote to say so.' 44 O Jenny, bow could you keep such a dreadful secret to yourself?' 'Because it was needful, Kitty, as it is needful now to keep this one. I believe that mamma suspects something even now. She was no more deceived by Uncle George than I was.' ' But Jenny, if she asks me ?' 'She will ask nothing. She will be as dumb as an Indian at the stake. She will know that we have good reasons for being silent ; and that -will be enough .for her. She is a saint and a martyr ; and yet not a martyr for any purpose. I mean, * unmerciful disaster* pursues her 4 fast .and ever-faster,' without any reason, except it be to show the futility of being good.' 'O Jenny, don't say that The ways of Providence are inscrutable.' ' I think I have heard that rematk before. For my part, Kitty, I derive no comfort from such commonplaces. You will presently tell me-that we may be even worse off than we are. Mamma may die, for example, as well as papa be drowned. Then you will say, like the Job's comforters of whom the poet speaks, that Death is common to the race. His reply was, if you remember : 'And-conjnon is tli^ rflmmrtnpiniT. a**a jyacant *^^ff well meant fbr-gxun. I confess that I agree^rith him.' ' ' O Tenny, do not be so bitter. I am sure, I am. quite sure,. that if dear mamma knew it, it would distress her almost as much as this sad news to-day.' ' You are quite right, Kitty ; that is, because she is an angel. Yet only think what she has' suffered 1 Is Fate a coward, think you, that it should thus heap blow on blow on one like her, so helpless and so innocent ; or how is it ?' .- ' ' The riddle of the painful earth' was grow ing too much for this poor girl, as it does grow once or twice in a lifetime for most of us ; and for some, alasl all their bard lives through. Her thin hand was clenched, her frail frame trembled, her large soft eyes flashed defiance — at the Universal Law. There was one-thing excusable about this poor impotent mutineer — that she was not in rebellion on her own ac count. No one- had ever heard her, cripple and invalid though die was, utter one impatient word with respect to her own condition. These bitter reproaches against Fate— the seeeva indignatio that Swift felt upon his .own-account, and would have had sculptured on his tomb stone—were all for her mother's sake ; she re viled the Inevitable, as the hen flutters herself in the face of the die cruel fox because her young — not herself — are menaced. Mrs. Campden used to say of Jenny that she had an undisciplined mind : one of those severe but sagacious Bernards that even the shallowest people will bring forth sometimes, who are always talking, and always with die view of making themselves more or less disagreeable. Kate herself, as we heard upon die occasion of our first introduction to her, was by no means one who had accepted life without ques tion, or concluded it easy going for everybody, because the way had been always, until recently, made smooth for her ; but Jenny's revolt was so decided, that it shocked her into propriety of opinion, as a respectable Whig, finding him self in Radical company, will shake his head, turn short round, and retrace his steps. In argument, she knew her sister was too strong for her, so she wisely, avoided it. ' My dear Jenny, all these things are too difficult forme, said she frankly. 'Of course I am well aware . that dear ''»n? does not deserve to suffer ; for if she does, who on earth would escape suffering, as certainly some folks do ? Perhaps she suffers — as she does every thing else—for die sake of other people: of you and me, for instance. In the end, she will be among the blessed forever, but in the mean time -she is martyred for our sake.; being a lesson to as of obedience and submission to the will of God such as we should never learn else where. One may say, if this be so, it must be so, it must be cruel to wish her to remain with us; and yet we are both so selfish, that we cannot bear to think of parting with so sweet a teacher.' 'That is true, at all events,' said Jennv softly. ' I will go to her now, lest our absence should excite her suspicions. I shall say that I have seen you, and that Uncle George is gone. Kiss me, Kitty.' The two sisters embraced tenderly ; they had never had the quarrels that sisters do ; thanks, perhaps, to Jenny's condition. If Fate was resolute to be hard upon them, it would at least find them united. 