A QUESTION OF PRO- 1 PRIETORSHIR A STOKY OF THE MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY. ? ? # By Loin; S.¥Ai:r, in Detroit Free Press. Wiikn John Wentwortli put tho last touches to -hia work ho-utood baolt and regarded it with admiration. Ho Btocd with hia hands in his pockets and hia cap well back on hia head, and ho felt tbat glow of self-satisfaction which a man feels who haa just linishod a - long and arduous taek. .' 'Well,' ho Eaid, .co ho turned hi3 head, . lint! IJiIi t.'nv .n,l t'nm ilmf Ik T 'rtoll first-class job, by Creoigo I' It wan certainly a most 'complete piece o£ mechanism, every joint perfectly fitted, yet perfection ia never altogether appreciated; and when Mrs. Jones, the landlady, deceived by the sikneo in supposing that Wcntworth had gono out, and thinking the present a ' good time to fix up the room, came in, sbo gave a scream of terror, and, oi} catching her breath, cried : ' Laws, Mr. Wontworth, what a B'ort that horrid thiug did givo mo. You're not going to keep that in tho.houso, Mr. Wentwortli?' _ ' Mrs. '/ore-, l,:t me present you to our dia t.inguiabcd fellow-lodger, J. W. Stodgero. I venture to say that a moro complete or hand somer skeleton cannot bo found in Ann ? Arbor, Mrs. Jones, if I did wire liiin myself. ' John W. will give you little trouble, Mrs. Jones, and if, when wti'ro out, you give him a ' littlo touch up with tho duster ha will not , only appreciate it, but you will also obliga Mr. Rmilio ar.d myself, for we-aro partners in J. W. Stodgero.' ' Meicy sakes, I'll never como into thia room if that skeleton is to be here.' 'Oh, John W. is harmless. Besides, ho has been in that box here for somo, week'. I'to only helped him lo colleot himself, ao it were.' ' At thia moment tbo lower jaw of tho skull dropped with a dick lo an angle of forty.fivo, and Mra. Jonou gavo another littlo shiiek aa aho looked with averted gazo at the sort of dry, bony, silent, fixed laugh of tho Bkeletofl. That,' eaid Wentwortli, with pardonabla pride, 'is a littlo device of my own. That jaw stays in place about half an hour and then drops. By tho way just notice what a lovely sot of teeth John 'SV. has. That's tha fault I find with moat of our American ake'la- .. ? tons. Thoy havo poor teeth. It seemeil to ^ Smilio aud mo that this fellow must havo been an Englishman, ha had such good grinders, eo wo christened him Stodgera, an aristocratic namo over thtro I am told.' ' It give3 me the cbilla to look at it,' eaid Mra. Jones. Tho fading afternoon light threw - deep Gbadowa in the eyeless Bockets that gavo Mrs. Jonea an uneasy feeling that tho skele ton waa looking at hor. ' That's beeauso you always had 'Lits'.to : board, hero instead of 'Medics.' You'll get - used to John W. He'a an unobstrusivo ou=3. If everybody minded his own business with ' tho exolusiveness J. W. does thero wouldn't be much trouble in this world.' Wentwortht.bitterly remembered thia re mark later on. At this moment young Smilio camo in. ?_???. '? 'By Jovo,' eaid Smilie; in admiration, ' you've done that up tiptop, John.. Thunder, I call that a triumph,' and ho walked around and took b sido view of it. ' Taat'a what I call a deuced good job for a fir3t attempt. 'Did you 6ver seo anything handsomer, Mrs.. ... — — Jones?' ' Mrs. Jones ' thinks she has,' said Wcnt worth. ' It 'a awful,' shuddered Mrs. Jonea, ' To think that that was alive and walked around liko tho rest of us I' ' 'And thou hast walked about, how Etrango a story,'' quoted Sinilie'. 'That's ao, ii'a rough on J. W., isn't it?' Mrs. Jonoa went down staira and the modi cal students closed tho door. ' His jaw drops a littlo, John, said Smilio. 'That's all right; show the action, you know,' and Wc-ntworth with a ruler touched John W. under tho chin and the two' gleam ing rowa of- tooth came together and remained in that fixed grin eo characteristic oi all Gkole tona. . . Wentworth had placid a narrow tablo against the wall, and on it John W. tat with his ckull fastened to tho wall no as to l.eop him upright, while hi3 spimlliiy whilo losa dangled down and swayed gently to and fro, when tho door opened or a brceza camo through tho window. ... Tho medical students rat dowr, and Went worth was telling Smilio how ho had over ? ^ oomo certain dillloultiea in articulation, when ' * . thero entered with unnecessary Eilenco a stranger. 'Exnuso me, gentlemen,' he said. 'Bog your pardon,' eaid Wentworth, 'I didn't hear you'knock.' ' I didn't knock.' ' ? . ? 'Oh;' ' Tako a chair,' aaid Smilie. . ? 'I will stay but a few moments,' replied' tha Btranger. .- \- Of course neither of tho youag men know all the hundreda of students at tho University, but they thought tho Btranger belonged to ona of the departments, although it eeemed odd that he chould enter without rapping. 'Havo a oigar,' aaid Wentworth,' pushing '_ ' tho box towards him. ' I como on buninesa,' said tha otherjiUmol^^^^H do not smoko. That is my akeleton/^ 'Oh, excuso ma,' cried Wenbtforth. 'I articulated John W. myself.' / 'Whom?' - 'John W. Wo callhim S^odgers. JohnW, '? Stodgera.' ' Oh, you do.' 'Yea. For convenience Don't suppose that was hia namo.' - ' It certainly wo3 not.' ' How do you know ? ' ' Because I tell you tha skeleton ia mine.' ' Show him our receipta for tho body, John. You don't understand, I gueas, that Went worth and I bought the body and havo tbo reoeipta. It'a not a store skeleton. It ia John's upper and my lower and so wo fixed up tho . bones ourselves.' ' I wish to seo no receipts. You don't ap pear to understand mo. Whon I waa aliva that skeleton waa tho frame work, of my body.' . ' When you were alive !' 'Certainly.' - ' What aro you now ? You iinn't rhcan to protend that you palm yourself off as a ghost on ua.' ' If you bovo any doubts about the matter, just throw that ruler at me.' Smilie at onca tool: tho stranger at his word and the ruler mot no opposition, but apparent- ) ly passed thteugh tha spectre, and felt clatter- ' wV ing to tho floor. 'At'rS{ai_iustant tha j-iw of the skeleton fell with its 6ii3ffo§ oliok, and in tho Bileuoe that eneued it sccmed^bnt^gni^^U|^^^^| spirit with a of gleam of Wentworth walked across the room^^^^^^^^^^H up tho ruler. Coming back ho ehut down. That's to eay tho Baid Smilie, helplessly. At this moment there waa a ' Como,' shouted Smilie. . In tho gloom they recognised Tom ouo of the students. \ ' Excuse me,' said Tom, seeing a atrW present and preparing to withdraw. \ ' No. noj-conio in, Tom ; you':u 'jasi^0 man wo waul to see.' Tom took tho obair offered to him. I' I don't just know how ii introduce (Tn l'j Continued.) 