THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOrES AXD REFLECTIONS BY THE WAY. Br A. C. The BUD rose a ball of fire over the eastern sida of ilount Galore the morning, last December, I sat out oil a journey of 400 miles, via A1 bury, Melbourne, and Sandhurst, to Goornong, a small but rising township on the Sandhurst and Echuca railwav, aud about 40 miles from the latter place. The stillness of the atmosphere, the deep blue color of the dome of heaven, the numerous silky sheets of gossamer's weba spread on tufts of grass and from twig to twig on trees, together with the fiery face of Old Sol, betokened a day of u- venal heat. Leaning forward to pat Joris the neck (Joris is mv horse), I said, " Let us go it, my boy ! Let us see how much ground •we can cover ere yon fierce globe of fire that haog<? in the skr render it too intolerable to travel." Touching hia side with my heel (butcher-like, I had only one spur, an old rusty one minus the rowel), off Joris went, running with all his might. Off I went, riding with all my might, holding the reins in one hand and the horse mane with the other whenever'* a log had to be leaped, or an ugly gutter had to be sprung. Bat here let me premise that Joris was as plump and round and sleek as if he had been fed for the shambles—nor was his rider lean or light, either, thank6 to my landlady, good woman as 6he is, who for the previous 12 months had catered all manner of good tbiugs for me, till I had grown to very respectable dimensions indeed. The last time I stood on the scales—but never mind my 62b ting weight; only this : if Biddy chose to jilt me, and I took it much to heart and seriously thought of suiciding, and hoisted a rope round the bongh of a tree and put my neck in the noose thereof, I would not have far to fall till short work made ol it J In much less than an hour 12 miles lay between us and the starting-point—not much of a feat, truly, but good enough for a very fat horse and a heavy, clumsy rider oa the hottest day of the year perhaps, for the glass registered in the shade 109 at noon and 114 two hours later. Rein : was drawn up beside s a lake, of no great extent, but deep enough to drown an elephant —or twenty of them. I scrambled down, sweltering in heat and sweat, the latter stand- ing in beads on my brow, running down inside the legs of my pants info the heels of my shoes, trickling from the point of my nose like drops of rain, and sticking my inner garments to my back like a great porous-plaster. My horse was as hot and as wet as myself. In the morning his coat was jet black, but -when the sweat and fat had dried he looked the very picture of an irongrey. Buckling up the reins, I allowed him to take his will of the water whilst I took a spell on the bank (for riding upon a hot day at a rapid rate is no child's-play) and prepared to set my " doodeen " agoing. And now I got a sad scare. I hare heard of a scorpion begirt with fire thrusting its forked tail into its own body and expiring ; I have heard of a snake pinned to the ground turning round to bite itself in its agony, and shortly after giving up the ghost; and I once found a bullock with his head under the water and the rest of bis body on the bank. The poor brute had suffered indescribable agony from cancer in the eye and throat, and I suppose he took to the water to end his sufferings. Be that as it may, we know that human animals sometimes grow weary of life, and have recourse to water, or pistol, or poison, or rope, or razor, or "lover's leap" to end their misery. Well, Joris kept on drinking, drinking, and moving in deeper and deeper, till the water was above the flaps of the saddle. Great Harry ! the intentions of that horse are surely not good. Daes he mean to become & felo-dese ? Another step, and down he plunged 0 head and ears ! It is all over now ! Bat To my supreme delight he scrambled backwards, turned round, and came ashore. I ungirtbed the wet saddle. He lay down, stretched out hie limbs, and groaned ; his legs quivered, he was all of a shake. I now saw the evil I had done. The poor brute had been over-galloped, had been allowed to drink too much water in his heated state, and to remain too long immersed in it. He tried to roll up the bank, but conldn't; tried again, but the law of gravitation etood i0 the way. He got up, came down on the other side, and rolled right into the mud at the edge of the pool; got up and shook himself, and seemed to be all right again. Bat how can I describe his appearance now ! Fore and aft, from stem to stern, all along one side of head, neck, Bide, hip, and two legs, there was a coat of mudplaster an inch thick. With a piece of bark I scraped off some of it, with an inner garment which I had doffed on account of the excessive heat I washed a site for the saddle, and prepared to pursue my journey. But would that Horse now move quicker than a snail-like pace ? No! not for Father Peter 1 I kept nudging his side with the blunt spar, and that side seemed to go faster than the ether, but the-fastest thing that went was his tail. Joris wears a respectable enough tail, and it kept whisking from side to side like the pendulum of a clock, only a thousand times quicker. Anon would he lift it high in air and bring down a perpendicular sweep upon his hind quarters, which act would eerd a million of flies buzzing around. O, these teasing, tenacious, voracious, impudent ies J They literally swarmed in clouds ! I did not count them, but surely no les9 than a waggon-load insisted in sharing the journey with us, clustering in bunches atound the eyes, and in the ears, and all over the face, crawling up the legs as far as they could get, whilst a living stream poured into the mouth if you dared but to open it. Nor _ would they take any driving away, but insisted in keepi ~ company all through. We now entered a lane some miles in length. Here the hand of industry had been at work on both sides, fencing, grubbing, clearing, and redeeming from the primeral forest fine open fields, which from the appearance of the stubbles had grown good crops of hay and grain last season. Selectors' homes loomed on the right and lefc some distance from the road. I felt half-inclined to " lay to" here for the day, for really the creeping pace at which the horse moved, the torture caused by the everpersistent flies, together with the fierce rays of a broiling sun—hot enough now to cremate a fellow, almost—made me thoroughly miserable. I have heard the expressions, Hot as a certain nether legion," " Hot as 41 blazes," and began to think possibly " blazes" might be in the neighbourhood. Kor wa9 there a breath of air nor a cloud in the sky bigger than man's hand. When the plaster that besmeared Joris had dried, he presented a ludicrous spectacle, enough to frighten Old Xicholas himself. Horses and cattle that were browsing, on our approach would look up, cock their ears, snort, turn on their heels and scamper off at /all gallop, with their tail9 bigb in the air, wondering what on earth the scare-crow could be coming along. After another 10 miles had been passed, a house presented itself, at which I was regaled with a drink of warm water out of an iron bucket and in a tin pannican. The draught proved an excellent emetic, for I soon parted with my breakfast. "O for a drap o' the craythur !" The occupant of this house was an oddity in his way, a rabid politician, and a great authority on " roast possum." With eloquence he described the process of cooking that marsupial. The 'possum must first be buried underground for several days, to remove the rancidness and to render the fibres tenderj tben exhumed, and dressed with proper proportions of salt, pepper, sage, chopped shallot, and flour for the stuffing. It is then put into the oven, when it comes out, after a time, nicely browned, and, emitting a most delicious fragraoce, iB a dish fit to set beiore the Queen. Black-fellow, look out! White-fellow know bow to cookee possum ! Alter a ride of an hour and a half I met with a good Samaritan. " Will you allow me and my horse to have a spell here for s bit ?" II Most certainly," was the reply. Come down ; bring your horse into the 6table for a feed, then come in and have a feed yourself." This reminded me of what a young lady—who lived in the world three thousand years ago— said to the old servant who had come a long journey to ask her hand in marriage for hiB young master, who felt too blate to go and ask for himself. The servant met Rebekah at the well, and he asked for a drink. " And she made baste and let down the pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give your camels drink also ?" That young, fair, buxom heroine was equally prompt in her reply to her father next day—" Wilt thou go with this man to become Isaac's wife ?" She unhesitating replied, " I will go." How different that direct reply to the hum-ing and ha-ing, aud blushing and sighing, among females of modern days whenever the question is popped to tbem. " Oh dear! Oh dear ! Hold me up—I'll faint! You've knocked me flat!" and yet they mean " Yes" all the while. How few are like that noble young woman who was accosted by a youthful clergyman thus, " Wary, the Lord has sent me to marry you." Did Mary blush and redden like a rose? Did her heart leap into her throat? Did she fly off at a tangent, quite shocked ? Not at all. She calmly aod quietly answered, "Well, sir, the will of the Lord be done!" and it was done, and she made a first-class minister's wile. Boree Creek. (To be continued.) 