NEW ZEALAND. From our files of New Zealand papers to the 18th instant, we make the following extracts : Rotorua is again being visited by earthquakes and tremors. During three nights, an average of six or seven have been felt. No external change however, is visible either in the springs at Rotorua or in the volcanoes at Rotomahana. Everything is ripe and matured as regards the letting out of Lake Rotorua. The natives are agree- able to sell the land through which the channel passes, and a factor of about £50 will not only purchase it, but make the new channel as well. A curious application was made to his Honor Mr. Justice Johnston in Banco, at Christchurch. This was for an order (the applicant being the Minister for Public Works) for an injunction prohibiting his Honor himself from sitting on a compensation case to be brought against the defendant by Mr. J. McLean, of Ashburton, His Honor declined to adjudicate in the matter, and advised Mr. Joynt, who represented the Minister, to make his application either at Dunedin or at Wellington. A small section of the unemployed at Christchurch are very much incensed with Sir It. Stout, and paraded the town with a bundle of old clothes intended as an otiigy of the Premier, which they subjected to a number of indigni- ties. The only reason that can be assigned for their action is that they are under the impression that the Premier has been endeavouring to avoid receiving a deputation from the unemployed. Feed at To Duke is reported as forcing its way through the deposit which fell during the recent eruption. The grass in that district, which was so completely covered up, line at last begun to show signs of coming; to' the surface. -straw weeks past some person or persons at To fire, and in A\ Wellington, have been playing the " ghost " business, and numbers of nervous people have received great fright. The police have been on the look-out for some time, but have been unable to discover the miscreant, and the papers suggest that a charge of buckshot might exercise the ghost. A case of some importance was heard in the Supreme Court at Wellington. The plaintiff, Mr. Pritchard, of Jllenhoim, bought in at sale, for £20, property over which he held a mortgage. The Stamp Office sought to charge him duty on the whole value, £9000, which he resisted. Jungo Richmond decided that he was only liable to pay on £50. ' r ' Ralph Robinson, Auckland, has applied for a patent for a universal disinfectant " for deodorising purposes ; John Young, Auckland, has applied for a patent for an " cJeotri cal apparatus for extracting metals from their ores." A young lady named Caroline Lucy M'JSeth applies for patent by which she proposes to save from 30 to 60 per cent, on the consumption of gas in gas stoves. to Keep, the leading chief of the Tuhourangl, has intimated his intention of setting forth on a journey, accompanied by a number of his comrades. He will visit all those tribes who kindly offered portions of land to his distressed and homeless' people, beginning with the East Coast, and making a complete circuit. The Bluff Harbour Board, with a view of encouraging trade, has made substantial reductions in towage, pilotage, and wharfage rates in some cases amounting to 60 per cent. The two-year-old daughter of Mr. R. Cross, telegrannUt JHonheiin, has died of eating matches. * 