(Sdtcteb #0£tcg. THE HOMESTEAD. Under this title Whittier. the American poet, has published in the Atlantic Monthly a neiv poem, from which the following verges are extracted : — Agairsttlie wooded hills it stands, Ghost of a df ad home, staring through Its broken lights on wasted lands Where old-time harvests grew. Unploughcd, unsown, by scythe unshorn, The poor forsaken farm -lands lie. Once rich and rife with golden corn Ana pale green bread t us of rye. Of healthful herb arid flosrer bereft, lhe garden-plot no housenife keeps ; Through weeds and tangles, only left, The snake, its tenant, creeps. His tract, in mould and dust of drouth. On floor and hearih the squirrel leaves ; And in the fiieless chimney's mouta His web ilie spider weaves. So fad, so drear ! It seems almost Some taunting presence makes its sign ; That down yoa shadowr lane some ghost Wight drive its spectral kine. Oh. liciae so desolate a;id lorn ! Did ail thy memories die with thee? Were any wed, were any born, lieceaih. this low-roof tree? Did rcstie loveis hither ronie? Vir mia^eiis, s .aying back and forUi In ihyihmie grace, at wheel and loom, Jltke liRht 'their toil wi h mirth ? Did child-fees patttr en the st»ir? J-id bovhood fr.ilic in the snow? Bid grey age. in her elbow-chair. Knit, p-ckipg to and fro ? the jmiitnm ing brook, the sighing breeze, The pine's slow whisper cannot t*Ii ; tow mo'mds beneath the hemlock trees Keep the home secrets welL OK wanderers from ancestral soil, Lrave noisome mill and chaffering store ; -3iid \ip your loins for stoidUr toU, And build the home once more ! What matter if the gain i are small That life's esseniial wants supply ? Tour homestead'-* title gives you all That idle wealth can buy. All thatthp many-doliared eravp. The brick-walled slave of 'change and mart, Lawns, trees, fresh air, and flowers you have, More dear from lack of art. Your own sole masters, freedom-willed, With noi e to bid you go or stay, Till lhe old field your fathers tilled, As manly men as they ! With skill that spares your toiling hands, And chemic aid that science brings, - Reclaim the waste and outworn lands, And reign thereon as kings ! 