TKS TEETUIsPA GOLBFISLDS. Adelaide, Wednesday. —The Register's special correspondent at Teetulpa telegraphs that the Commissioner for Crown Lands and several members of Parliament have visited Tonkin's We li and Brady'sG-nlly, under the guidance of the Chief Warden. Tlie Commissioner will stay a eWy or two, and thoroughly inspect the field. There is nothing to report relative to the new rush to BrennaiVs Gully no holes having boon bottomed. A nvraber. of :.iei\ are going there. Clifford and Roberts', of A1 bury, New South Wales, told me that they yesterday got 9oz. by dry fossicking, including a nugget of 6oz. 10wt, from two load*. From the same dirt they washed Goz. at a well. They also say they sold 29oz., being the result of one week's work in Goslin's Gull}'. Spiers and G-loeele, from Brady's Upper G ully, got to-day one nugget weighing 002\. lldwt. I2gr. The washings in Brady's Gully gave the following results :—"2oz.. two loads; 7dwt., one load ; and 3oz. from two loads. No returns are reported outside the gullies. The E. S. and A. C. Bank bought 53oz. of gold on Tuesday. SIS HENRY PARKES. Sir Henry Parkes continues to receive invitations to speak at various places in the country, but he finds it possible to accept them all, notwithstanding their extreme cordiality. Wedesday an invitation came from the Mayor of Blayney to visit that town. Sir Henry will leave for the Hunter about Friday week ; then, 011 his return, go direct to Dubbo, and speak at Blayney on the way back. He will also visit Spring-hill, .an important farming community. PASSING ^VALUELESS CHEQUES, At the Central Police Court 011 Tuesday, " Robert Dunn," alias " Bernard Dunn, '" was charged with obtaining £1 from Hugh M'Kinnon, by means of a valueless cheque. On May 15 last he asked prosecutor to exchange the cheque, and the letter gave him one of his for £3 19s. Prisoner's cheque was forwarded 'to Taree, but was returned dishonoured. Prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. He was also charged with obtaining £7 from Mr. M'Kinnon, by means of another valueless cheque. Prosecutor deposed that Dunn came to his otfiice, and asked him whether he would take a checjue of his, and give him one in exchange, asjlie was unknown in Sydney, and could not get his cheque cashed. Prosecutor gave liim one of his for £7, but defendant's cheque turned out to be valueless. It was shown by Mr. J. F. Addison, manager of the Bank of New South Wales, Taree branch, that prisoner had had an account there, but at the time the cheque was presented it had been overdrawn, and he must have been aware of it. Mr. Yates passed 0:1 prisoner a further sentence of three months. DS, LYNN'S GHOST. A famous scientific worker of miracles, Dr. Zynn, from the Egyptian Hall, London, has just begun to amuse and astonish people in Sydney, His latest novelty is the "Vanishing Zady." One instant she is here in the full' bloom of feminine beauty, the next instant she is. represented by vacant space and while you c are looking for the spot of grease, or the charred ashes that may have, been left, she walks in from behind the stage, and laughs and smiles just as if nothing had happened. The curtain drops, and you go home wondering as to what sort of stuff some people are made of. It is very strange ; it makes you wild with perplexity : you flounder in speculation ; you concoct theories ; you try the experiment on your wife, but it's 110 go: the gentle creature who doubles your joys and trebles your expenses, won't vanish ; she is too real. Dr. Lynn says tlie thing only requires practice, so ye henpecked take heart. The affair is extremely simple. This is "how's it done." A real live lady walks 011 the stage, smiles, speaks, and behaves as a lady seats herself 011 the chair. A silken wrap is placed over the lady, she speaks, once twice, thrice, the wrap is snatched away, and only the chair and the newspaper remain to tell the tale. How is it done ? CONFESSION OF LAND FRAUDS. At the Central Criminal Court, Sydney, the case for the Crown, in the charges of frauds against Ollivier and Hunt was closed The'prisoner Ollivier made a long statement in order, as he said, if possible, to mend the wrongs he had committed. Tlie frauds he did by stealing certain papers from the Lands Office, and altering the dates of vasious records in a book. He completely exonerated the prisoner Hunt from anything whatever to do with the frauds, and said it had been heartrending to him bring an innocent man to a trial, as he had done. He asked his Honor to take his statement as a true one, and deal with liirn accordingly, asking him at the same time to consider the intense suffering lie had gone through for two years. The land frauds cases against Hunt and Ollivier were not concluded Wednesday, the illness of a juryman causing an adjournment till Thursday. ROSSBALE. The Steamer Rosedale arrived in Sydncw 011 Saturday last, and will probably return a sain to-morrow. 