C A MI O LA: A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. By JUSTIN McCAETHY, Author of 'Miss Misanthrope,' 'Maidjof Athens,' &c.; [Published by speraal arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXXIII.— Specie al Illusions. Oamiola was preparing hastily in her own mind quite an eloquent and impressive, while, at the same time, highly politic and ingenious little speech in reply to Fitzurse's invitation. She intended to appeal to him on behalf of Janette and of himself, to try to bring him to a sense of the foolishness as well as the ingrati tude of the part he was playing, and at the same time to evade all admission of any mean ing in his style of compliment to herself. She would not condescend to acknowledge that she believed there was any sinister intent in his words of compliment, or to notice them as compliment at all. We do not know what enecb me eloquence ana ingenuity oi me speecn might have produced on Walter if it had been epoken, but it was not spoken. Mrs. Pollen coming out of the house interrupted the con versation. Camiola had been waiting for Mrs, Pollen, who was to return to town, for the evening ; she had been wandering, as we have said, pur poseless on the lawn while Mrs. Pollen was making her preparations. 'Oh! you are here,' Mrs. Pollen said, in not too gracious recognition of Walter's presence. ' I didn't expect to see you on this side of the water. How did you tear yourself away from the fascinations of the West End? How are all the countesses and marchionesses ? How will they get on without you ?' Fitzurse smiled a rather feeble sort of smile. He did not like to be chaffed, especially before a pretty girl. ' I don't know. We are net much acquainted with marchionesses and countesses; we are very quiet people. 'Well? who are we?' ' Well, Janette and I, of course.' - ' To be sure. I had quite forgotten Janette. ' This was said with a significance, which made Walter turn pale. He could not afford to lose his temper with Mrs. Pollen, or he would then have lost his temper most assuredly. What Mrs. Pollen meant him to understand was : ' I had forgotten to think of Janette as a being inseparable from you.' He quite understood her meaning. ' Well, how is Janette, as you have mentioned her.' ' She is very well, thank you.' ' Camiola dear, we are going directly. Will you get your things on ?' Camiola disappeared into the house, glad to eacape, yet feeling as if ehe ought to have delivered her speech. 'You couldn't guess perhaps why I came over to Fitzurse House so soon,' Walter said, with a desperate attempt to seem at his ease, if the attempt had not been so evidently made Mrs. Pollen might perhaps not have known quite so quickly that he was not at his ease. ' I dare say I could guess if I tried. Shall I try?' ' If you please. I should be curious to know if you really could guess.' 'By the way, I don't guess, in that sense of the word ; in your sense ; I never could guess anything in that way ; I see things and I draw conclusions. Well, suppose I say that you came over to see about my Albanian Joseph ?' This was a bold shot of Mrs. Pollen's ; but its very boldness would in any case have served her purpose. If Walter had not been thinking of Joseph the mere mention of his name would convey to him the idea that in Mrs. Pollen's mind there was some reason why he should be thinking of Joseph, and thus set his alarms all going once again. If on the other hand he had come to ask something about Joseph, the correctness of her conclusions could not but impiess him. It did impress him; Mrs. Pollen was right; he had come in the hope to find out something about Joseph. Joseph was his spectre; Joseph unseen was even worse than Joseph seen. A great actor produced a fine effect in 'Hamlet' by making Hamlet after he has first seen the ghost glance round him with uneasy eyes every other moment, expecting the awful presence again, and disturbed by the absence not lees than by the apparition. Walter's mind was thus wrought on by the absence of the Albanian. Joseph was absent indeed for this moment; but when might he not be present again and for what purpose ? Mrs. Pollen, it must be owned, found a cer tain unchristian pleasure in observing and working upon Walter's feelings and his fears. She had been hearing bad Btories about h''i in the West End lately, and she was becoming pitiless so far as he was concerned, while very pitiful indeed for Janette. 'Yesf it was about Joseph,' Fitzurse answered with seeming carelessness. He was becoming master of himself. 'The fact is I understood from you that you did not feel quite certain about keeping him on ; and I was talking to some men, and I didn't know if I might not be in the way of placing Winn well, if you would like to have him placed here in London.' ' Would you think of employing him your self?' she .asked, and she fixed her eyes on him. 'I? Oh, well — I couldn't afford, you know — why do you ask?' 'If you could take him into your service, it might not be a bad thing. Joseph is a peculiar sort of person ; heis very faithful to his master ; he has all the devotion of the wolfdog or the bloodhound. If I had committed a murder — or tried to commit one — I should feel perfectly safe in letting Joseph know all about it — so long as he was in my service. But I should try not to lose him if he had such a secret of mine in his keep ing. He has some capital qualities — that is why I think it might not be half a bad thing if you were to employ him — always supposing he would have you as a master. He might not perhaps.' Mrs. Pollen must have been far less keen sighted than she was if she had not noted the effect which her words, sent as a mere shot in the darkness, wrought on their victim. Walter turned a livid pale and positively trembled. His eyes were lit by a blue light of fear, and anger, and something like hate. ' What on earth can this be?' Mrs. Pollen meanwhile was asking of her own mind. ' He can't have been doing any murder, surely? He can't have been trying to kill somebody? Yet I have certainly made a hit in that direction.' 'Mrs. Pollen, I really don't understand you; I won't even pretend to understand you.' ?'Don't you? Pretend, if you can, not to understand me ! There — I should like to see you do that. Just look me straight in the face and say you don't understand me; that you have not the least idea of what I mean, That will do. You would never make a decent amateur actor ; you would never be as good as Bertie Romont at that sort of business either.-' Walter started at the mention of Romont's name. 'Bertie Romont is a very good amateur actor,' she went on. 'I couldn't get things out of him as easily as I can out of you. So then he knows all about it too ? We are quite a partie carree — you and I, and Joseph aud Romont ! Well, if a secret confided to three persons besides him whom it specially concerns can be kept for ever the world is growing less communicative than it used to be in my younger days, and the reeds now would never blab the 6ecret of King Midas ! You want to know, I suppose, why I have brought all this up just now ?' He only nodded his head— he was quite over mastered for the moment. 'I'll tell you. I have been hearing bad tales about you. I don't know that your wife complains of you as yet, but she has reason to complain. Now, mind ; I told you before that your love — I mean your love for. Janette — would be the best title of your ambition to success. We have given you an amnesty for the past, some of us who know; but it is con ditional, not absolute. Don't provoke us, and everything may go on well with you still. But remember, the amnesty is conditional, and there are three people as well as yourself in the secret — there; that will do for the present. I am sorry we have to return to town so quickly, Miss Sabine and I ; Miss Sabine is going to Btay with me in town for the present. We shall see you, of course, and Janette? The carriage is ready, Camiola dear.' Camiola had returned. As she said good bye to Walter she held his hand for one little second as if in a kind of mute appeal. She lonered to make her little speech to him about Janette, to plead for Janette's happiness ; to warn him that he would do himself and her only harm if he set people thinking that he neglected her. But there was no chance to speak the little speech now, and perhaps after all she could do no good by speaking it. She took her hand away, and a moment after Walter found himself alone on the lawn of Fitzurse House in a condition of semistupe faction. Now if we might venture on the frivolity oi asking any reader to play a sort of game with us, we should like to ask that reader what he or she thinks was the first distinct sensation in Walter Fitzurse's mind when he began to pull himself together and collect his ideas out of the muddle of mere stupefaction. If this story has at all succeeded inconveyingaclearideaof Walter's nature, ways, and temperament, the answer ought to be easy. The first sensation of which he was conscious was the thought that Camiolahao taken leave of him with a peculiar pressure ol \- the hand. The kindly, generous, self -forgetful impulse which moved her to give that half un ? conscious pressure, the impulse which trans lated into words w#uld have said, 'Oh, before it is, too late— for her sake and your owa sake ; for those who love her, and for those who at least wish you well, take tUpaght and do not throw a^P&y; fcer love' — that impulse was for the moment wholly misunderstood by Fitzarse To him it was evidence of a certain tender in terest in him. It was part of bis creed that every woman, however well meaning and well brought up, loved praise, and even flattery, and was open to the influence of any words from any man which professed admiration and love. There axe men who make it their creed that women are all turned out by nature on precisely the same pattern, like Nuremberg tin soldiers ; that know one and you know all; and that the touch of nature which makes the whole woman-world kin is sensibility to admi ration and to professions of love. Above every other feeling in his mind now there soared the exulting thought that he had made love to Gamiola, and that Camiola had been touched by his words. That slight momentary pressure of the band made a bond of sentiment between them, he thought. His vanity was inflated, and soared with him into the very skies. He passed out of the gates of Fitzarse House. Of course, as he walked along the sense of his danger came back on him. He could not doubt any longer that Mrs. Pollen knew his whole secret. Mrs. Pollen who, as she drove off with Camiola, was unusually silent, perplex ing herself with conjectures as to what Walter could possibly have done, or tried to do, which made him so much affrighted when the dial which spoke not 'made shrewd sign and pointed full upon the stroke of murder.' Well, he must be more careful for the future. It was clear that he was safe in Mrs. Pollen's hands so long as he was properly loving aud attentive to Janette ; and he would be properly loving and attentive to Jauette for the future. Joseph of course was a danger; but somehow he fancied that Mrs. Pollen meant to convey the idea that she could keep Joseph safely in hand if only he, Walter, did not provoke her wrath against him. After all, what was it that could be brought against him? He had not done any murder; a sudden act of passion ending in nothing could not come to. much even if brought against him. He had not stolen any money ; it was only at the very worst an inference that he had ever in tended to steal ; and he knew that he never bad any such intention; he always meant to pay back the money again. He was becoming cheered and consoled in mind. Oh, yes, it would be all right. He would return to his devotion for dear, sweet Janette, who loved him so ; he would absolutely get out of the flirtation with Lady Pallas; evidently Mrs. Pollen had been hearing of thai; that was what she meant by the bad tales people had been telling her, and by her allusion to coun tesses and marchionesses. He would be very attentive to Janette for the future ; and in his mind there was the sweetening thought that after all Camiola Sabine would be a good deal with Janette now that she was going over to London to stay with Mrs. Pollen. Things began to look brighter and better tor our young self-elected representative of the illus trious house of Fitzurse. It was a beautiful evening, too, as he walked along meditating. The flirtation with Lady Pallas was a very harmless piece of business so far as Lady Pallas herself was concerned. There was in Lady Pallas's mind no thought of harm, in the ordinary sense ot the word. Scandal had never breathed a doubt of the purity of Lady Pallas's reputation. Only there can be an immense amount of pain wrought and evil done by ladies on whose moral character taint of suspicion has never fallen. Hearts may be broken and homes made unhappy by such Iadie3. Lady Pallas was the wife of .the Earl of Pallas, a distinguished diplomatist, who had married somewhat late in life. Lady Pallas liked to be talked of, and she liked to have men about her who were talked of, and she had taken very much to Walter Fitzurse after his romantic marriage. She was very friendly with Janette, and was amused by Janette's theories of life and her adoration of her husband, and Lady Pallas thought it would be good fun to make a victim of Walter, and show him off as her victim. She was still young, and handsome, and attractive, aud poor Walter felt all the devotion of his nature -our out to handsome women of rank. So he let Ciady Pallas make a fool of him while think ing in his own mind that he was a very splendid figure in society; and Jauette was already beginning to suffer and to let her suffering be seen, which gratified Lady Pallas immensely. Chapter XXXIV.— Old Wounds— Healing ? The evening was already beginning to fade as Walter turned from Fitzurse House. The summer itself had faded into autumn. The latest '? embers of the season had gone out, Walter had been invited to go down into the country with Lord and Lady Pallas ; but now he thought he would not go, although he longed to see one of the country houses of the class whom Dr. Johnson would nave called the great. But it would be better not, he thought ; on the whole much better not. Janette would not like it, and would be jealous ; poor dear Janette ! He could not help smiling com ' placently to himself at the thought of Janette being jealous about him and the attentions paid to him by a great lady. The evening sun shed one of its latest rays across his smiling face. He would not pass through the odious streets of Fitzurseham, and perhaps be grinned at by the envious inhabitants. It used to be at one time a favorite theory of Fitzursehamites that Walter was destined tor greatness of some kind or other, and was certainly destined to rise in the world and get into good society. Yet, now that he had risen and got into good society, Fitzurseham did not appear to feel proud or gratified at his elevation, but on the contrary showed a disposition to grumble at him aud jeer at him. We have already spoken of the Fitzurseham population as an irreverent popu lation who would jeer at success as well as failure. In fact there was no telling what Fitzurseham would not jeer at if it felt so disposed. One might be the glass of fashion and the mould of form, and yet a ragged, bandy-legged Fitzurse hamite would be as likely as not to shoot out the tongue of derision at him and hold him up to public contempt. A Fitzursehamite gamin with dirty face, bare feet, and torn pantaloons never to be mended, would proclaim himself rigidly exacting in regard to female costume, and would make disparaging comments on the get-up of Mrs. Langtry if she happened to pass along bis way and he disapproved of her bonnet or her dress. One might have saved the State, and yet if he happened to wander along a Fitzurseham street might find himself only an object of sincere contempt and loudly expressed ridicule. It is no wonder that Walter Fitzurse, an old resident who had cut the place, should have felt a strong objection to parading its streets on foot in the evening. He knew a way near the rectory and by tho river bank from which he could reach one of the piers of the river steamers without tempt ing much of the commentary of Fitzurseham. He was moving along this quiet path now when forming Ms resolve not to go to Lady Pallas's, and when the setting sun illumined his complacent smile and dazzled his eyes. Be cause of the dazzled eyes he did not see that he was near running into the arms of a pair who were turning round a corner ; a man and a woman. The woman was leaning on the man's arm, and they were in deep conversation. Walter might perhaps have passed on without noticing them further but that they stopped iu some doubt or confusion apparently ; and then Walter looked at them and saw that they were Vinnie Lammas and Christian Pilgrim, vinnie drew back a little disturbed ; Pilgrim main tained his usual gloomy composure. ' Vinnie^ — Miss Lammas !' Walter ex claimed, taking off his hat and making a bow worthy of a prince doing salutation to a prin cess. 'Pilgrim — how do again, Pilgrim? Lovely evening— going for a walk? Hope Mrs. .Lammas is well?' 'Mamma is quite well, thank you,' Vinnie said with her heart a little throbbing. Pilgrim could feel it throb against his arm ; he with drew his arm. 'Mr. Pilgrim was kindly seeing me home ; Mrs. Pollen has gone to town for the night.' 'Yes, I know,' Walter said ; 'I have just been there, I am going to town too. Good evening, Vinnie — Miss Lammas ; good evening, Pilgrim. My kind regards to Mrs. Lammas.' Christian Pilgrim said never a word ; Walter bowed again and moved off. But when the two had passed on he stopped for a while and looked alter them. He became very curious to know whether Pilgrim would go into her house with Vinnie and remain for any time there. He felt curious to know whether they were going straight to Vinnie's home, or whether a long walk by the river side might not precede Vinnie's return to her mother. He had, one might have thought, his heart's desire. He had carried off and married the pretty granddaughter of an earl ; he was carry ing on a flirtation with the wife of an earl ; he could still feel the momentary impress of Camiola Sabine's hand ; and yet he suddenly felt a pang of jealous passion at the thought of Christian Pilgrim taking a walk with Vinnie rfaT'i'»iJ perhaps lingering with her by the river, accompanying her to her home and going in and sitting with her in the room which Walter remembered so well and of which the memory sometimes brought a feeling of regret and sometimes a shudder, according to the mood which^hap pened to have possession of him. He felt de voured by curiosity to know whether Pilgrim would return at once to Fitzurse House, hav ing seen Vinnie to her home, or whether he would go in with her and make a long stay. Braving all risk of being recognised and flouted by jibing Fitzursehamites, he followed slowly the path Pilgrim and Vinnie had taken. He kept them in view all the time until he saw that they were close to Vinnie's house. Then he fell back a little and waited. There was a beetle-browed archway forming the entrance to a narrow lane which led in a crooked and curving way into one of the meanest and squalide&t; parts of Fiturseham, parts which Walter had never penetrated. In the shadow of the archway the young man stood and waited and watched. An' hour passed and Pilgrim did not come .out of Vinnie's h-*jle. Walter could, wait no longer; he';. 'bad to -return home. -His projects 5f:5 moral ' aticE philosophical reform were disturbed by what he tw4 observed ; his mind was disturbed by it. He could not bear t-hd idea of Christian Pilgrim, on wliom he had always looked down, coming now to supplant him in the heart of Vinnie Lammas. It would have pleased him if the girl had always re mained faithful to the memory of her &csb; lover. It appeared to him as if Pilgrim were doing him a positive wrong. He was vexed, and felt humbled. It was too much, he said to himself ; he wasn't going to stand it. Meanwhile Christian Pilgrim was spending a quiet and happy hour or two with Vinnie Lammas and her mother. He was having tea with them, after the old fashion of the days be bre Vinnie bad been disappointed in love, lungs indeed were gradually restoring them selves to the old condition of quietude and something like contentment in Vinnie's house. Mrs. Lammas was delighted with the im proved fortunes of her daughter, with the friends she had made and the prospect that seemed to be opening up to her. All that was wanted to make them both happy now was that Vinnie should forget altogether her love for Walter Fitzurse; and Mrs. Lammas thought with much secret satisfaction that this now seemed very likely to come to pass. Mr. Pilgrim was am doubtedly very attentive to Vinnie, and al though it was so far in a fatherly sort of way, yet Mr. Pilgrim was not nearly so old as he looked, and he had a very good position a3 manager of Mrs. Pollen's Fitzurseham pro perty, and Mrs. Pollen made no secret of her regard for him, and her willingness to do any thing in her power to help him to gain any object he had in view ; and there was no hand some young admirer now to put into contrast with him ; and, in short, Mrs. Lammas had made up her mind that Pilgrim would some time or other ask Vinnie to marry him, aud that on the whole Vinnie could not do a better thing. Therefore she saw with pleasure that the two seemed day by day to grow more friendly, more intimate, more necessary to each other; and she waited in quiet confidence ;or the moment when Vinnie would come to her and tell her that Pilgrim and she were going to be married, Vinnie was indeed becoming day by day more necessary to Christian Pilgrim. By im perceptible degrees his friendship for the girl, lis compassion for her, his sympathy with her, were deepening and broadening into a tenderer feeling. After his one wild outbreak of passion about Miss Sabine, he had fallen into a condition of mental dejection and shame, which for a time made life almost unbearable. He had been roused out of the depth of this depression for the first time by the shock of Vinnie Lammas's attempt at suicide. In his anxiety about her and his pity for her, he for got for a while himself and what he considered lis degradation, and he began to feel grateful to the girl because she had made Tiim think of her and not of himself. When Vinnie be came part of the establishment at Fitzurse louse, Pilgrim was constantly directed by Mrs. Pollen to see the girl home and to take care of her generally, Mrs. Pollen having her own views and purposes about both ol ithem. So it came that Pilgrim renewed his old in timacy with the mother and daughter, but under conditions very much changed, and in a frame of mind very much changed also. 'Don't you think Vinnie is looking much better, Mr. Pilgrim?' Mrs. Tamm^ asked when Vinnie had left the room for a moment to see about the tea. 'She is indeed greatly changed for the better,' Pilgrim said. 'I was afraid she would have a shock to-day. Do you know that we met him ?' ' Met whom, Mr. Pilgrim?' Mrs. Lammas was a little slow of appreheu eion. She really did not know at the moment of what ' him ' Christian was speaking. 'That young man— Walter Fitzurse. I don't know what he was doing about here. Yes ; he stopped and spoke to her.' 'My ! I am surprised. How did Vinnie bear it?' ' Very well ; she did not seem to mind so much as I was afraid she would.' ' I am so glad. But I am sure she wouldn't.' Mrs. Lammas expressed this conviction Quite as much for the purpose of reassuring herself as of assuring Pilgrim. ' She don't care about him any more, Mr. Pilgrim; she will soon forget him altogether, I hope.' ''I hope so, too.' Pilgrim hoped, but was not very confident. He thought Vinnie had borne the meeting very well ; but he had seen, . too, how the crimson flush came over her face, and how she trembled, and little as he knew of women and their ways he knew enough to know that Vinnie had not yet got over all her love for Walter Fitzurse. Nothing more was said then. Vinnie came back, and they had tea and talked pleasantly over various . tilings quite as in the old tune. .Vinnie was in what seemed to be remarkably high spirits. Pilgrim was delighted with her mood and her ways. He was getting very fond of the girl in a half -fatherly, half-lover like sort of way. When he was going Vinnie came out with him to the doorstep, just as she used to do in the old time — with Hm, an(j of course, with Walter, too. There just in front of them were the windows of the house where Walter used to live. Vinnie's eyes turned that way with a look which would have filled with mis giving the heart of an admirer more skilled in reading the mood of a woman than poor Chris tian Pilgrim: It was a tender and beautiful autumn evening; the mild light of the 'Shep- herd's Star' fell on Vinnie's pale upturned face and eyes, now wistful and melancholy. 'It was strange, wasn't it? — meeting him to-day,' Bhe said suddenly, sinking her voice as if there were anyone but Pilgrim to hear her words. 'You bore it very well,' Pilgrim said en couragingly; 'I was glad to see that, Vinnie. You will be quite strong in time; and you will be bappy.' She remained silent, looking still at the windows of the house which she once used to watch with so affectionate an interest. Her silence made Pilgrim feel a little uneasy. It was as if a damp cloud had suddenly come over his prospect. ' Yes, you bore it well,' he said once again. ' That was the first time you saw him— since that Sunday T 'Yes, at least no, not exactly. I saw him once before.' Vinnie spoke with great hesitation now. In truth she had almost thought at first of saying 'Yes' in an unqualified way to Pilgrim's ques tion; but to do her justce she always tried to be a truthful girl. 'Saw him occe before— since that time do you mean ?' ' Yes, Mr. Pilgrim ; I saw him once before.' 'Where was that, Vinnie? Tell me about that ; I didn't know anything ot it. Where did you see him ?' 'Here — I mean of course in Fitzurseham: it was quite by accident ; I never thought of meeting him.' Here, in Fitzurseham ? Where in Fitzore ham?' 'In the old churchyard. I went in there one day when I was going from here to Fit&- urse House, and I stayed a few moments alone, and then he came in.' ' And he talked to you ?' ' Yes, Mr. Pilgrim, he talked to me.' ' What did he talk to you about ?' . ' Oh, asked me to forgive him, and that. It didn't last long— I wouldn't stay. He said he was very sorry about me ; and do you know he had never heard until that moment that I tried to drown myself ?' This was said jn a woman's last despairing effort to try and make people believe that her faithless lover was not, after all, quite so bad as they might have thought him. Pilgrim's heart sank. 'You never told me of tins, Vinnie,' he said, gloomily. 'No,' she said, in a despondent voice, 'I didn't. What would be the good 1 It didn't matter. It couldn't make any change.' - ' Does your mother know?' 'She does not. I did not tell her. I was afraid it would make her feel uncomfortable. She would be fancying things.' 'Fancying things! Yes, very likely,' Pil- grim thought. He could not help fancying' things as he looked now into Vinnie's troubled face. 'You didn't see him again after that — until to-day ?' he asked. 'No, not until to-day. It was all a mere accident. He doesn't come here much now — to Fitzurseham I mean, I don't suppose I shall ever see him again.' (2*o be continued.) 