-THE IEISH QUESTION. rO *HB EDITOR. - ' Sir— Home Liberalism is still true to Home Rule and to Mr. Gladstone. I waa very much pleased by reading the Anglo - Colonial letter in tne Reoistcr of to-dav. It shows plainly that the Liberals lost by absentee voters. It was the same in 1874. The late Mr. JForster was the great cause of that calamity. He never was a tree Liberal. He was called at home in political circles the 'Jonah' of the party. He very nearly wrecked the party in 1882. But they have a worse 'Jonah' now— a real traitor to the party of progress— and I was so glad to find that he had such a thorough snubbing at Cardiff. The Welsh Nonconformists and the Scotch Presbyterians have sadly disappointed him. He mistook these nationalities, as most Englishmen have done before to their sorrow. Now, to prove that true Radicalism is yet healthy and strong I will take Wales and Scotland as pioof . Consider firat Wales. It returns thirty members. In 1880 it re turned two Tories, in 1885 three, and this year four— a wonderful increase, is it not? Chamberlain is a Nonconformist, so is John Bright, so are North and South Wales. These two once great leaders I am sore have no hold on the masses at home now. These two men did a great deal more writing to the news papers than Mr. Gladstone did, although the London telegraphists of the Australian Press hint that ' writing letters to news papers' is rather a low buaineas because Mr. Gladstone does it. Yet Messrs. Chamberlain and Bright did a great deal of this vulgar work. Yes, they wrote a great deal to my poor countrymen. They thought Taffy was a great fooL They really believed in their very hearts that Wales of all places would give a solid vote of twenty-six to the Union; but Cymry was top honest for them. A Welshman did not wish poor Ireland to be coerced any longer, and to have some 40,000 soldiers just over the Channel to act as land bailiffs for cruel, heartless, absentee land lords. Ihe Welsh sutler just aa much from the feudal system, so they can easily sympathize with the Irish cause. One stanch Welsh Radical wrote them to say thai several hundreds of years of coercion and wicked governing over that unhappy country by England, and that fifty-two years of holy devotion to his country's good by the beloved Mr. Gladstone, and his great age and the great deeds he had done in the battles of liberty, commanded the whole sympathy and faithfulness of the Welsh and the Scotch nation towards him, and that if some English men deserted him and forgot his noble works, this they — the Cymry — did not, and after a hard fight Chamberlain & Co. had only three members out of twenty-six. In Scotland again they stood true to Ireland's cause and to Mr. Gladstone personally. We find the people sending Unionists out of the political camp— even Sir G. Trevelyan and Mr. Goschen were left out by the Scotch. These two men were; like the late Mr. Forster, a drag to Liberalism. Scotland returned thirty eight friends to the Irish cause and of Mi. Gladstone out of fifty-nine members. Only eight Conservatives and thirteen Unionists were elected out of this number. These two nations are thoroughly Protestant to the very core. And, again, in the North of Ireland the most independent and the most intelligent of the Protestants there voted in favour of Hoine fiule. Analysis of the votes given there will clearly prove this. So the ugly pry of ' No Popery has completely failed in the very strongholds of Protestantism. This question is not a religious question. It is purely political. In trying to inflame religious hatred amongst the different races Mr. Chamberlain committed his political suicide. If MeEsrs. Bright and Chamberlain had their sway the millennium would never come. Have religious hatred and animosity not lasted long enough, the most cruel to all cursea to humsnity ? ' True Blue,' ' J. G.,' and others write about the assassinations which have taken place in Ireland. I can only use the noble and true words of Joe Cowen, M.P. for Newcastle-on-Tyne, in the House of Commons that these terrible deeds ' should be Bet to the account not of those who made them, but to the account of those who made them necessary.' A Welsh mem ber eaid that Garibaldi, while in England, was asked what wad to be done with Ireland. He was told that England hadtriedeverything almost. He gravely asked tbe statesman, ' Have you tried liberty ?' Give them self government, or the right to govern their own internal Irish affairs, and they will not have a ghost of a chance to be discontented with England. I will not write again on this Bnbject. and I hope that, for their own sake, 'True Blue,' 'rJ. G.,' 'Loyalist,' and otherB will not be such fools as to throw vulgar expressions at Mr. Gladstone. He has been called the Antichrist by the Tories, and that archderider, Arch deacon Denison, called him Satan. As to the two coming men, Sir Chai'les Dilke (I am sorry he has been so reckless) and Joseph Chamberlain, they have cooled the feelings of the people very much against them. But the people will rise with a mighty power and sfrength in a few months hence, and the great abuses which the masses suffer under will be swept away with a terrible force. There is no lack of strong men amongst the Liberal party to lead and to carry great measures through vic toriously. lam, Sir, &c;, RADICAL. ; Caltowie, August 14. 