PHELAN HAPPY BUT LAME. "Good avening, Phelan, how is Mary Ann an' yourself?" said Michael O'Rourke as the two friends met at O'Phesey's place. up in Dolittle Alley. " Oh! we are well, thank ye, Moike. In fact, Oi moight say, loife is worth the livin' wance more, an' Oi fale as light- hearted as a calf in a tin acre lot. You see the skatin' rinks have all closed, an now Mary Ann is continued to stay be the house an' cook me males for irie. Niver theless, ? Moifie, wid every bit of swate " there is always a certain amount av bitter, . an' be me soul, Oi got nioy share lashfc noiglifc, an' Oi am that lame that Oi fale as if a striate car had run/over me.pur- < soul" J.?... "Phafc^was. it, Phelan,- that made ye lame? Oi hope 'it is nothing serious," said Michael, in a sympathetic tone of voice. '???? "Oh, it was something serious, Moike, an'if ye will bo aisy, Oi will tell you how it happened. Do you remimbe'r not long ?me son Edward, tho dude, an'Patsy troid to scare me be pretendin' that there was burglars in the house ?" " Oi do that, same, for ye come up here to O'Pliesey's the next day an'tould the gang abute ifc', "replied Michael. . ^ < " Well," continued Phelan, "a Oi'tonld yez thin, in the foiglit that tuk place, tho three av us fell upon Patsy's bull pup, an' lie gave up tho ghost' widout a struggle. Yisterday Patsy brought home,-another brute av tlie same koind, a brother or sister av the wan he lost," Oi believe, an' turned ifc looset in the back- yard. Mary Ann called me attintion to the dog whin Oi winb .home at; noon, but dogs nivcr take to me somehow, an' Oi didn't culti vate his acquaintance, i . Lash tnoight after supper Mary Ann Baid that she was going over to your house for a little wlioile an' axed me' wud Oi go aloug, but Oi do cloihed, sayin' that Oi had some wood- to saw". She left, an' aftlier Oi had fwiBhad shinokinV ino ;poipe, Oi wint but in tho yard aftlier a stick'av cord wood* which Oi intended to fetch into the wood-shed. Oi had .got no farther than the cinter av the yam whin Oi saw a wlioite strake comin' at me, an' Oi jumped asoide jist in toinie to have ifc go by widout stroikin' me. Me moind was made up in a minute, an'-Oi knew that unless Oijcloimed some thing moighfcy suddent, Oi wouldn't hav« a. whole pair av paints on mo body. The dog'was betune me an' the woodshed, an' so Oi skinned roight up on top av a board fence. Now, there is a briclc barn next to the fince, wid only a space av abute six incli^s betun^ the tv^o, au' in 1110 haste ^to get beyan^ the Tsach av tlie dog, both me legs go'fc wedged into tli.it space an' there Oi stuck. ' Oi nivcr realized befure how lonesome Oi could be widout Mary -Ann for "company. . Oi troiod to coax tho dog be talking baby talk to him,'but he wouldn't have it that way; . Ivery toimo that Oi opened Hie mouth he: oponed his too,; and let' a growl that made the cold chilis crawl up me back. Oi called, for help but nobody was round to hear me, an' for three long hours Oi was obliged to remain in that position. Finally Mary Ann came honis, an' on hearing me yell, cafme out. in the yard: In less toinie than 'ifc takes to tell,--that btoomiri' pup had Maiy.Ann treed on top av tlie ^wood-pile, an' thin lie sat himself in the middle av the yard, an' showed his teeth-as though he was laughing at us. Oi lookodover at me woife an'v sez Oi. _ . : " 'Mary Ann, me love; are ye aisy on thp eord wood ?' " " Ye> see Oi tranted to appear cheer ful." - - ^ , , ; i.'-.Am Oi.aisy, is it ?' sez Bhe, ' Jisfc ye wait till Oi get outen _th is, an'1 Oi'll ? fill that.dog so full av poison that he, jftll think lie has sthruck- a,, rough on" rats' .factory.' r . 1 ? ; Did ye rx me to wait till yegotouten. ,-this ? sez Oi in a jockin' w,ay. ----;[ \- ' Oi did;' sez sliff, ' an if ye, had a bit av pluck abute ye, ye wud come off the fince an' baste the pup over-the head wid d brick.' ' ? ' That is all very noice to say,'' -se2 Oi, ' but Oi am that fashfc betune the fince an1' the barn' that " Oi . can't stir aither fufc.' ? .??? ? . ... " At this moment Patsy came oufcto see phafc was up, , an', whin he discovered' the two av us treed be the dog, .tie called Eddie, an' they gave us the laugh. Patsy called off the dog, an' MaayAiin cradled down, but they were obliged' to knock off three boards. befure Oi could get off of the fince. Oi informed Patsy that aitlier the dog would have to, lave or Oi wud. feed him on dynamite, an' explode him. ba hittin' him wid a brick. ' . 