\--HE ADVERTISER " INDEPENDEaT." LTHUIISDAY, MARCH, 4th. 1886 ELfECTORS! BEWARE. Mlunnle will out is an old saying that has been oftimes verified. Tie per petrator of tha act has according to his cunning so cleverly executed the deed thathath felt certain' that so far as out vward appearances were concerned he was perfectly safe and beyond suspicion. As time passed on he considered himself secure but hip conscience was ill at case and one night unwittingly in his slusm bers, he to the horror of a wide awake companion in an adjoining room, let out the circumstances, which eventually led to his removal from the busy haunts of men. In the criminal world so in the political. Men of ten commit acts that like the mussels on the piles supporting Sandridge pier, stick to thenm with a tenacity that defies removal. They change their outward vestmeunt and de claim loudly in their own favor and by sonme means lead the ignorant, to believe in them, but when their past conduct is carefully studied by the electric light of public opinlion they appear in their true chaiacter which is bad in the extreme. It is marvellous how gullible some men are, give them a pint of beer to wash down a hogshend of highfalutin non sense and they are prepared to believe that the ' talker' is a very god risen from the .dust of pnurity pnd political' cleanliness.. In the midst of their jubilate, a ghost slowly arises in the rear, and with a clearness that is truly horrifying to them, proceeds to point out the risT. The gaunt skeleton like being is assailed with huge stones in the form of " liar," " bosh," false," and other such missiles, but the apparition heeds them not. It has a duty to perform, and it does it with so much effect that the traitor is forced to admit hle is a fraud and an arrant knave. The CAsT conduct of a man is a very sure index of his FUTUO?E action. If le can defraud his country when employed in a humble sphere, how much more willhe act the part if given more power in the trrunE ? Character is the standard by which men are guaged, -principles are the charm of life, and if men have dirty characters, and are utterly unprincipled, their duty is not to represent honest men in places where honor and worth should be the main springs of action. 