PARISIAN ECHOES. PARIS, November 20. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) It appears to be as difficult to obtain a governor for Tonkin as a prince for Bulgaria. Such vacancies are now drugs in the market. Both civilians and militaires shy at the .deadly climate of Tonkin. “Wanted, heroes forcholera and dysentery,” is Roche ' fort’s bait. - Why not try General Kaulbars,- as he 'is now out of work, and is known to shop at- nothing; then, as-'tlie Mandarins love letter-writing, he would keep them em ployed.' The. journals are trying to joke Jules'Ferry into accepting the .presidentship of Toakin—a colony be-invented. He, too,, dreads Bert-cliolera. M. de Freycinet would .give him the appointment at once if only on; the principle which led the Marquis de -Steyne -to' raid his' friend • Rawdon Crawley in -obtaining -a colonial ap pointment in. some pestiferous nook of ■the-universe. There would be one rival less for the Grevy succession, and the riddance of a plotter •to overthrow the Cabinet effected. '.lf'Jules Ferry succumbed his'ad versaries, could say he was punished where he sinned, and liis pretty young wife could ■ be partly-consoled by the Government pre senting. her with a secretly effected assurance policy on the'.life of the dear departed, as the Cabinet is accused of having done in the case of Paul Bert. The latter will be the Banqu'o’s.ghost for those contemplating seek ing their, fortune, iu lonkin. Better try, like M. Popp, to secure three gullible Englishmen to put..down half a million of francs to extract gold out of the powdered building stone of; Paris; boiling all with kitchen salt till the capital be used up. .Madagascar.has turned up again, just at the moment when the .budget was likely to be balanced by postponing the deficit, and the faster Medutti had-arrived at the stage of drawing on his stomach-store of lobster and walnut shells, plus the chicken bones he •crushed like a pulverising machine. Mada-; gascar illustrates the slip between the cup and the lip. A few weeks ago all was serene, .now the situation is like the father in-law in the comedy—tout est rompu moil g cadre. .This time', the American mission aries are not accused of putting spokes in the wheels of French diplomacy. The dis pute is very clear. France is limited respect- I ing Malagasy independence, and practically | she wishes to be all iu all,..which the inhabit ants refuse. France mast now decide either to send out anew expedition, spend money and men to conquer the.island,' .or to retire with loss of prestige. It and Tonqniu are the two millstones that Jules. Ferry, aided and abetted by Bismarck, Lave . tied round the neck of France, and at a time when the country, in presence of the volcanic condition of the Continent, has need of its. every franc and every soldier. Monseigneur.Perraud, Bishop of Autun— once Tallyrand’s diocese—was selected to pronounce the panegyric on -the late Arch bishop of Paris, Cardinal Guibert, a solemnity ordinarily celebrated 30 days after the death. Funeral orations .are of two kinds—the Bossuet style, where all is epithets and eloquent commonplaces, or-tlie modern, con fined to a running homily on the life ,incidents of the defunct. The latter was adopted by Bishop Perraud. He sketched the career of the .late Archbishop—whose father was a stonecutter, and his mother a wool-comber —rising step by step by meri torious and Christian work, from a lowly curate up to the premier cardiuals'kip of France. By order of Rio Nino, the de j. ceased cardinal, when archbishop of Tours, was directed to try and obtain that France and Germany would cease fighting, and leave the issue to Papal mediation. The belli gerents apparently preferred to leave the matter with the God of battles, plus the biggest battalions. Two incidents in the late cardinal’s career: he turned his episcopal palace at Tours into an hospital, ana for a time, had at his table, the members of the Government; Cremieux, who was a Jew, and Gambetta, a materialist. Cardinal Guibert begged once the Prussian commander to spare the lives of some peasauts, who bad indulged in free pats at the invaders. “ Certainly,” replied the com mander, “if you advise the people not to .resist.” The archbishop refused, believing, as a patriot, such would weaken the national defence. It was somethiug like the Em peror Charles V. keeping the Pope a besieged prisoner in the Castle of St. Angelo, while ordering the celebration of prayers for his deliverauce. Bishop Perraud is himself a celebrity. He is a native of jLyons, aud 58 years of age. He was destined for a literary career, like his college chums, Taiue, Sarcey aud About. However, he took orders, joined the Ora torians, aud beeame a doctor in theology in 1865, and was nominated to the professorship of Ecclesiastical history at the Sorbonne till 1874, when he was made a bishop. He is also a member of the Academy. He is as thin as Succi after a 30 days’ fast, and recalls one of those ascetic saints in stone, which orna ment the porticoofacathedral. Hisausterity more than his eloquence stirred his auditors; his voice is feeble, haviug no chest, being only skin aud bone, he could not communicate those “ words which burn.” His bagage litleraire for an academician, is not heavy, neither is it rich: in any case it is superior to that of his co-Acade mician, the Due de Pasquier, who has noue at all, but who promises to bring out one book, when the Academy completes its dic tionary they are at letter C, since a ceutury. The bishop delivered formerly eulogiuins on Abp. Darboy, shot by the Com munists, aud Jeanne d’Arc, burned by the English, though M. Delapierre, a French man, has published a book to demonstrate the only burning the Maid experienced was that of love, since she married, lived a Darby aud Joan life, aud on a patriotic pension years after the period, when her ashes were said to be cast into the Seine. Mgr. Per raud, among a few other works, published iu 1867, two volumes on “ Contemporary Ireland.” The book made some noise at the time; it had a peppery preface, by the late Bishop Duupauloup, the whole being a kind of in dictment against English religious intoler ance. It is a curious fact that all French books referring to any crank, were in the same groove. All that is produced about Ireland ever treats of England’s past con duct towards the green isle, but shirks the living present, which we desire to kuow. The author states, a belief not 20 years old, that Ireland is capable of supporting “24 mil lions of people ” —M. de Beaumont limited the number to “35 millions. ” The author also expressed the opinion, that “Irish emi gration to England was destined to play the role of bringing back the inhabitants of that great island to the faith of Gregory the Great and St. Augustin.” Further, that “ the key to all Ireland’s political and social difficulties arises from her religious persecu tion in the past, for her not having cone over to apostasy at the time of the Refor mation.” The bishop’s brother is also a clergyman, and curiously enough his speci ality is the “Downfall of Poland,” a subject not now mentioned before ears polite, when M. Floquet is president of the Chamber, and Russian grand dukes in Paris are as plentiful as blackberries and trying to cajole the French Republic into a morgauatic mar riage with Czarison. The Freueh have dis covered that investing in oppressed nation alities, whether Polish or Bulgarian, does not pay. Italy and Germany to wit, that hem her in like one of Dante’s pnrgatorian circles. | 