Fetbericlt's Peril. [ By E W Thomson I Bach storey of the Shelton Cotton Factory is 15ft. between floore ; there .ire seven such over thi basement, and this rises Gft. above the ground. The brick walls narrow to Sin. ss they ascend, and form a parapet rising 1 above the roof. One of the time-keepers in the factory, Jack Hardy, a yonng man about my own age, daily runs along the brick wall, the practice giving him a singular delight, which has seemed to increase with his proficiency in it. Having been a clerk in the works from the beginning, I have frequently used the parapet for a footpath, and although there was a sheer fall of 100ft. to the ground, have done it with ease and without dizziness Occasionally Har.ly and I have run races on the opposite walls, an exorcise in which I was invariably beaten, because I became timid with increase of pace. Hopelessly distanced last Wednesday, while the men were off at noon, I gave up midway, and looking down, observed the upturned face of an old man, gazing at me with parted lips, wide eyes, and an expression of horror BO startling that I involuntarily stepped down to the bricklayers'platform inside. I then saw that the apparently frightened spectator was Mr Petherick, who has been for some weeks paymaster and factotum for the contractors. '• What's the matter, Petherick ?" I called down. He made no answer, but. walking off rapidly, disappeared roun d the mill. Curious about his demeanor, I descended, and after some little seeking, found him smoking alone. "You quite frightened me just now, Petherick," said I. " Did you think I was a ghost ?" '•Not just that." he replied, sententiously. " Did yoa expect me to fall then 7" I inquired. " Not just that, either." said he. The old man was clearly disinclined to talk, and apparently much agitated. I had began to joke him about his lugubrious expression, when the 1 oVock bell rang, and he shuffled off hastily to another quarter. Thongh I puzzled a while over the incident it soon passed so entirely from my mind that I was surprised when, passing Petherick in the afternoon, intending to go aloft, he said, as I went by : Don't do it again, Mr Frazer I" " What?" I stopped. "That!" he retorted. " Oh 1 You mean running on the trail," said I. " I mean going on it at all!" he exclaimed. Bis earnestness was so marked that I con' eelved a strong interest in its cmse. " HI make a bargain with you, Mr Petherick. If you tell me why you advise me, I'll gire the thing ap I" " Done I" said he. " Oome to my cottage this evening, and I'll tell you a strange ad venture of my own, though perhaps~you'll only laugh that it's the reason why it sickens 1 Hie tn see you fooling up there " Petherick was ready to talk when Jack Mid I sat down on his doorstep that evening, and immediately launched into the following narrative: — " I was born and grew to manhood near the high cliffs of the coast of Cornwall. Millions of sea fowls make their nests along the face of those ware- worn precipices. My companions and I used to get much excitement, and sometimes a good deal of pocket 3 5 bt f S ^ a t j a*tthe endof a'rope,' I and taking . good grip with his hands, wo£d be lowered by the others to the nest. When he had his b sket full, they'd haul him up, and another would go down. Well one afternoon, I thus went dangling off. They paid out a hundred feet of rope before I touched the ledge and let go, " What le ge ?" asked Jack. " Ob " said Petheri-k, after a pause," I see it will lie troublesome to make you understand the situation.'" Then after reflecting for some moments : " You must know that most of the cliffs along that coast overhang the sea At many point* oi e could drop 000 feet into the sea, and then be 40 or 60 feet from the base of the rock he left. The coast is scooped under by the waves. But in some places the cliff wall is as though it had been eiten away by seas once running on higher levels. There will be an overhanging coping, then, some 100 feet down, a ledge sticking out farther than that of the top ; under that ledge all will be 6cooped away. In places there are three or four such ledges, each projecting further than those above These ledges used to fall away occasionally, as they do yet, I am inld. for the ocean is gradually der luring that coast. Where they did not projec : f rther than the upper coping, one lad would swing like a pendulum on the rope, and get on the rock, if not too far in. then put a rock on the rope to hold it till his return. When a ledge did project so that he could drop on it, he hauled down some slack, and left the rope hanging " " Did tbe wind ever blow it off ?" asked Jack. " Seldom, and never out of reach," said the old man. " Well, the ledge I reached was like this" (illustrating with his baud). " It was some 10ft. wide ; it stuck out may be some 6ft. further than the cliff top ; the rock wall went up pretty near perpendicular, till near the coping at the ground, but below the ledge the cliff's face was so sconped away that the sea, fiOOft. below, ran in under it nigh 60ft. "As I went down, thousands of birds rose from the jagged places of tbe precipice, circline around me with harsh screams. Soon touching the ledge, I stepped from the loop, and drawing down a little slack, walked off briBkly. For fully a quarter of a mile the ledge ran along tbe cliff's face almost as level and even in width as that sidewalk. Iremember fancying that it had sloped outward more than usual"; but instantly dismiss»d the I notion, though Gaffer Peutreath, the oldest man in that country side, used to tell us that we should not get the use of that ledge always. It had been as steady in our time as in his grandfather's, and we only laughed at his prophecies. Yet the place of an old filled fissure was marked by a line of grass, L by tufts of weeds and small bushes, stretch- I ing along as far as the ledge itself, and within a foot or so of the cliff's face. 1 Eggs were not so many as usual, and I went a long piece from my rope before turning back. Then I noticed the very strange conduct of the hosts of sea-fowls below. Usually there were hundreds, but now there were thousands on the wing, and instead of darting forth in playful motion, they seemed J to be wildly excited, screaming shrilly, rushing nut in terror, and returning in masses as j though to alight, only to wheel in dread, and keep the air in vast clouds. " The weather was beautiful, the sea like glass. At no great distance two large brigs, and nearer a small yacht, lay becalmed, j heaving on the long billows. 1 could look down he* cabin stairway almost, and it seemed scarcely more than a long leap to her deck. ' ' Puzzled by the singular conduct of the sea-birds, I soon stopped, and set my back against the cliff to rest, while watching them. The day was deadly still and very warm. " I remember taking off my cap and wiping the sweat from my face and forehead with my sleeve. While doing this I looked down involuntarily to the fissure at my feet, Instantly my blood almost froze with horror 11 There was a distinct crack between the inner «dge of the fissure and the hard- packed, root-1 threaded soil with which it was filled. Forcibly I pressed back, and in a flash looked alonir along the ledge. ire. The fissure was widening before my eyes, the rock before me seemed •-inking outward, and with a shudder, and a groan, and a roar, the whole long platform fell crashing to the sea below 1 I stood on a margin of rock scarce a f ot widp, at my back a perpendicular cliff, and five hundred feet below, the oce.n, now almost I C ° QC0Ur8a ° f WheeUDg and affnghted birds. " Can you believe th*t my first sensation was one of relief? I stood safe! Ev. n a j feeling of interest held me for some moments. I Almost coolly I observed a long and mighty wave roll out from beneath It went forth a I high, curling crest, a solid w <11 of water It I struck the yacht stern on, plunged down on ber deck, smashed through her swell of sails, and swept her out of sight f >r ever. ' Not till then did my thoughts dwell «niir<elyo« my own position; not ill ihen did I comprehend its hopelessness 1 Now my eyes closed convulsively, to shut oat the abyss down which my glance had fallen shuddering; I pressed batdag in and again at 0M lolid wall at my back; as appalling ehiil I slowiy crept through me ! My reason struggled against a wild desire to leap ; all the demona of despair whispered to me to make In I ^ t ^P"** 0 * , 1 bad 1 W f ' f ?V . helpleasne« 1 a „ 2 ^ V ^ u T ™ ^ ™ ! ^ i n . ®J U * ard b tb e wal1 «* 4 of roc never k .- forgot «"»<!. though for ai instant nearl 5 the death from terror, at my feet, nor the utter danger of the slightest motion. How long this weakness lasted I know not; I on IT know thit th* unspeakable horror of that first period has come to me in waking dreams many and many a day since ; that I have long nights of that deadly fear; that to think of the past is to stand again on that narrow foothold, and to look around on the earth is often to cry out with joy that it widens away from my feet." The old man paused long. Glancing sidewise at Jack, I saw that his face was pallid. I myself had shuddered and crown cold—s> strongly had my imagination realised the awful experience that Petherick described. " Suddenly," Baid the old man, " these words flashed to my brain : " Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing- ? And one of them shall not fall to the ground without your Father. Fear not, therefore ; ye nre of more value than many sparrows." My faculties were so strained, lBeemedtohear the words. Indeed, often yet I think that I did truly hear a voice utter them very near me. " Instantly hope arose, consciously desperate indeed ; but I became calm, resourceful, capable, and feeling un iccountably aided. Careful not to look down, I opened my eyes and gazed far away over the bright sea. 'lhe rippled billows told that a light outwaTd breeze had sprung up Slowly, and somewhat more distant, the two brigs moved towards the horizon. Turning my head, I could trace the narrow stone of my footing to where my rope dan j] ed, perhaps three hundred yards distant. " It teemed to hang within easy reach of the cliff's face, and instantly I resolved, and as instantly proceeded, to work toward it. No time remained for hesitation. Night was coming on. I reasoned that my comrades thought me killed. They had probably gone to view the new condition of the precipice from a lower station, and on their return would haul up and cariy off the rope. I made a move toward it." Try to think of that journey 7" I nodded to him silently. " Shuffling sideways very carefully, I had not made five yards before I knew that I could not continue to 1 -ok out over that abyss without glancing dowo, and that I could not glance down without losing my senses. You have the brick line to keep eyes on as you walk along the factory wall; do you think you could move along it ereot, looking down as you would have to 1 Yet it is only one hundred feet high. Imagine I ? ° f ^ ?° U 5 ring move ing your eyes, . forced Mdewue- mcapabls to look dowo, from of clos end ; to end, yes, three times farther I Imagine you've got to go on or jump off 1 Would you not, in an ecstasy of nervous agitation, fall to your knees, get down face-first at full length, clutch by your hands, and with shut eyes feel your way ? I longed to lie down and hold, but of course that was impossible." " Still there was a wall at your back," observed Jack. " That made it worse. The cliff seemed to press outward against me. It did, in fact, ^ ^ sensation 1 Your toes on the edge of j precipice, and the implacable, calm mountain apparently weighing you slowly ' forward." Beads of sweat broke out over his white face at the horror he had called before htm. Wiping his lip nervously with the back of his hand, and looking askance as at the narrow pathway, he paused long. I saw its <^ruel edge aud the dark gleams of its abysmal water. I knew," he resumed, "that with my back ;o the wall I could ne>er reach the rope. I could not face towards it and step forward, so narrow was the ledge Motion was perhaps barely possible that way, but the breadth of my shoulders would hive forced me to lean Eomewhat more outward, and this I dared not and could not do. Also, to see a solid surface before me became an irresistable desire. I resolved to try to turn round before resuming the desperate journey. To do this I bad to nerve myself for one steady look at my footing " In the depth below the myriad sea-fowl then rested on the black water, which, though swelling more with the rising wind, had yet an unbroken surface at some little distance from the precipice, while farther out it had begun to jump to white caps, and in beneath me, whero I could not see, it dashed and churned with a faint, pervading roar that I could barely dis inguish Before the descending sun a heavv bank of clouds had arisen. The ocean's surface bore that appearance of intense and angry gloom that often herald* a storm, but, save the deep murmur going out from be'ow my perch, all to my hearing was deadly still. Cautiously I swung my right foot before the other and carefully edged round. For an instant, as my shoulder rubbed against the rock, I felt thut I must fall. I did stagger, in fact, but the next moment s'ood firm, face to the beetling cliff, mv heels on the very edge, and the new sensation of the abyss behind me no less horrible than that from which I had with such difficulty escaped I stood quaking. A delirious horror thrilled every nerve The skin about my ears aud neck suddenly became cold, and shrank convulsively. " Wild with fear, I thrust forward my head against the rock and rested in agony. A whirr and wind of sudden wings made me conscious of outward things again Then _ ^erness to climb swept away other h a ° d f ""empted in vain to TO ? ^ J , C r x , darlnR ca8t m y w backward, I drew it tortoise-like f 6 msed 6hoult ? ^ i f s and > chin a e al . nst th ® precipice, gazed upward with B t ™£ mg °J V1810n , fr °™ u ° der eye-brows, -, - , e tbe dead wal1 ' etched, & lances aTe me . & glimpses of the projecting summit coping. There was no fear in that direction. But the distraction of scanning the cliff-side had given my straii-ed 68 raemo r ? a 8 ain ° , ® •' , Ruined the promise of the Almighty, and 6 conci ou 8 1 ° es s of His regard. Once more mymuscles became firm-strung, " A cautious step sidewise made me know ^ow much I had gained in ease and security of motion by the change of front. I made Progress that seemed almost rapid for some rods, and even had exultation in my quick approach to the rope Hence came freedom to think bow I should act on reaching it, and speculation as to how soon my comrades would haul me up. "Then the idea rushed through me that they might even yet draw it away too soon • that while almost in my clutch it might rise — — 5 6 from my hands. — » Instantly -• - all the - terrors of my position returned with tenfold force ; an outward thrust of the precipice seemed to grow distinct, my trembling hands told mG that it moved bodily toward me, the descent behind me took an unspeakable remoteness, ftn < * from the utmost depth of that sheer air seemed to ascend steadily a deadly and a chilling wind. But I think I did not stop s n instant. Instead, a delirium to more I foster possessed me, and with quick sidelo n S steps—my following foot striking hard I against that before—sometimes on the point J °f stumbl ng, Btretcbed out like the crucified I I pressed in mortal terror along. ' " Every possible accident and de'ay were presented to my excited brain. What if the ledge should narrow suddenly to nothing? Now I believed that my heels were unsupported in air, and I moved along on tip-toe Now I was convinced that the narrow pathway sloDed" o'uTwI^ fW ^S, el0pe become sXunct S r e a t ingly distinct, that I might at any moment slip off into the void. But dominating every consideration of possible disaster, was still that of the n^ed for speed, an '< distinct amid all other terrors was that sensation of the «»ead wall ever silently and inexorably pressing me outward. " My month an<? throat were choked with dryness, my convulsive lips parched and "rid ; much I longed to press them against the cold, moist stone. But I never stopped Faster, faster—more wildly I stepped—in a delirium I pushed along". Then suddenly just before my staring eyes was a wellremembered edge of mossy stone, and I knew that the rope should be directly behind me Wm itf "I glanced over my left shoulder. The rope wis not to be seen ! Wildly I looked over the other. No rope I Almighty Qoil . " But what! Yes, it moves !—it sways in sight 1—it disappears—to return again to viewl There was the rope directly at my back, swinging in the now strong breeze with a motion that had carried it away from my first hurried glances. With the relief tears pressed to my eyes, and —face bowed to the precipice, almost forgetful for a little time of the hungry air beneath—I offered deep thanks to my God for the delivery that seemed so near." The old man's lips ci"tinu?d to move, but no sound came from them. We waited silent, while with closed eyes and bent head he remained absorbed m'lhe recollection of that strange minute of d<;vouincss. " I stood there," ha said at last, " for what now seems a space of hours, perhaps half a minute in reality. Then all the chances still to be run crowded upon me. To turn around had been an attempt almost desperate before, and certainly, most certainly, the ledge was no wider where I now stood. Was the rope within reach ? I feared not. Would it sway toward me 1 I could hope for that. " But could I grasp it, would I be saved . Would it not yield to my hand—coming slowly down as I pulled, unrolling from a coil above, trailing over the ground at the top, running fast as its end approached the edge, falling suddenly at last? Or was ' fastened to the accustomed stake ? Was any comrade near who would summon aid at my signal ? If not, and if I grasped it, and if il held, how long should I swing in the wind, that now bore the fre- hness and tremors of an imminent gale 1 " Now again fear took hold on me, and. as a desperate man, I prepared to turn my face once more to the vast expanse of water and nothing beyond that awful cliff. Closing my eyes, I writhed, with I know not what emotions, carefully around, (ill again my back pressed against the precipice. That was a resttul sensation. And now for the decision of my fate. I looked at the rope. Not for moment could I fancy it. within my reach Its 6wayiugs were not, as I had expected, even slightly inward ; but wheu falling back against the wind, it swung outward, thongh the air was eddying from the wall. ' Now I gazed down steadily. Would leap be certain dsath I The water was of immense depth below. But what chance of striking it—feet or head first ? What chance of preserving consciousness in the descent. No, tbe leap would be death ; that at least was clear. Again I turned to the rope. I was now perfectly desperate, but steady, nerved beyond the best moments of my life, good for an effort—good for an effort surpassing human. Still the rope swayed as before, and its motion was very regular. I saw that I could touch it from any point of its gyra tionB by a Btrong lei p. But could I grasp it ? What use if it were not securely fastened above? But all this time for hesitation had gone by. I knew too well that strength was mine but for moment, and that in the next reaction of weakness I should drop down from the wall like a dead fly. Bracing myself I watched the rope steadily for one round, and as it returned against the wind, jumped straight out over the heaving Atlantic. " By God'8 aid I reached, touched clutched, held the strong line. And il held Not absolutely. Once, twice, and again it gave—gave with jerks that tried my arms, I knew these indicated but tightening. Then it held firm, and T swung, turning in the air. secure above the waves that beat below." " To slide down and place my feet in the loop was the instinctive work of a moment. Fortunately it was of dimensions to admit my body barely. I slipped it over my thighs up to my armpits just as the dreided reaction of weakness came. Then I lost consciousness. " When I awakened, my dear mother's face was beside my pillow, and she told me that I had beeu tossing for a fortnight in brain fever. Many weeks I lay there, and when I got strong I found that I had left my nerve on that awful cliff-side. Never since have I been able to look from a height, or see any other human being on one without shuddering. " So now you know the story, Mr Frazer, and have had your last walk on the factory wall.'' He spoke truer than he knew. His story has given me such horrible nightmares ever since, that I could no more walk on the high brickwork than along that narrow ledge in distant Cornwall. 