The Hose and tlie Key. CHAPTER XXIV.— A Gentleman in Black. They had both, risen preparatory to Miss Maud s flitting and a parting lass and good-night, when. Bliss Max said, suddenly : ' And what about Mr. Marston ?' c Well, what about him ?' answered Miss Ver lion, a little crossly, for she had not recovered the conversation that nad just occurred, i 'Nothing very particular — nothing at all, in i !act— only I had intended talking about him ' ifty times to-day, and something always pre sented. He's coming to the ball at Wymering, sn't he ?' ' I don't know; he said so. I don't care/ said the handsome girl drowsily. And she advanced her hand and her lips a little, as if for her final salutation. But Miss Max had. not quite done. c I like him so much. 1 think Mm so clever, end so good-natured, and 60 nice. I wish so much, JIaudj that you and lie were married/ said Miss Max, with audacious directness. ' And I wish so much that you and he were mar ried/ retorted Maud, looting lazily at the flame of Jier bedroom candle, which she held in her hand. 'That would be a more natural consequence, I think, of your liking and admiring.' ' You can't deny that he is wildly in love with Jrou/ said Miss Max. ' I can't deny that he was perhaps wildly in j love with a poor seamstress in a dark serge dress | a few days ago, and may possibly be in love with another to-day. That is wildly in love, as you Bay. I don't think there is anything very flat tering in being the object of that kind of folly.* 'Well, lie will be a good deal surprised, I venture to say, when he comes in quest of lis Eeanistress to the Wymering cloak-room/ re marked Miss Max, with a pleasant anticipation of tlie eclair cissment. 'That depends on. two things; first, how his seamstress meets *»m ; and, secondly, whether ?Bhe meets him there at all. Good night. It is ?very late.* And with these words she kissed her genial old friend, and was gone. Miss Max looked after her, and shook her head yrith a smile. ? ' There goes impracticability itself !' sh^ Says, and throws up her hands and eyes With a 6hrug. ' I pity that poor young man ; Heaven only knows whafs in store for him. I Bhall engage in no more vagaries, at all events. What an old fool I was to join in that madcap project of rambling over the country and con cealing our names ! What will Mr. Marston fchink of us ?' '? When she laid her busy, rheumatic little head, .fcound up its queer night cap, on her pillow, it Jbegan at once to construct all manner of Situations and pictures. ' Here was a romance in a delightful state of con fusion! On this case her head may work fedl night long, for a year without a chance of exhausting its fertile problems; for it {presents what the doctors call a compli cation. Barbara Yernon, wit-h her whole Bieart, hates the Warhamptons; and the 'War- fhamptoiLS, with all theirs, detest Barbara Vernon. It is too long a sto'y to tell all the aggressions £,nd reprisals which have carried the feud to the internecine point. ' I must certainly tell Maud. I'll tell her in the morning/ thought Miss Max. cIt's only Jair/ Perhaps this incorrigible old matchmaker fan cied that it might not prejudice Mr. Marston if Maud knew that her mother had placed him under anathema. [ By noon next day Lord Verney and Lord Barro- i den, and their attorneys, had taken flight, and Miss Maximilla Medwyn had gone on to see friends at Naunton, with an uncertain promise of returning in a day or two to Eoydon Hall. There is no life in that grand house but the tohantom life on its pictured walls, and the gliding life of its silent servants. The hour is dull for Maud, who sits listlessly looking from one of the great drawing-room windows. Lady Vernon, who has seen, in succession, two deputations in the library, returns, and in stately silence sits down and resumes her examination of a series of letters from the late Bishop of Eotherham, and notes them for transmission to Mr. Coke. Maud changes her posture, and glances at her Jnother. Why is there never any love in the cold elegance of that face ? Why can't she make up her mind and be patient ? The throb of life -will as soon visit that marble statue of Joan of Arc, by the door; Psyche at the other side, in her chill beauty* will as easily glow and soften ijito fiesh. Miss Vernon leans on her hand, listless, gloomy -r-in a degree indignant. The room is darkening. The darker the better, she thinks. It is no metaphoric, but a real dark ness : for clouds portending thunder or heavy rain or hail have on a sudden overcast the sky, and are growing thicker. The light is dying out, the shadow blackens on Lady Vernon's letters ; she raises her eyes. One ban hardly see to read. Lady Vernon lays her letter on the table. She fcan no longer see the features of the Titian over the door, and the marble statues on either side have faded into white drifts. Some heavy, per jjcndicular drops fall, plashing on the smooth flags outside the window, and the melancholy rumble of distant thunderbooms, followed by a jaorueutarily aggravated downpour and a sudden thickening of the darkness. This was a rather sublime prelude to the foot man's voice, announcing ; 'Mr. Dawe.' Maud glanced toward the door, which was in obscurity, and then at Lady Vernon, who, sitting full in the light of the window, had turned with a stare and a frown, as if she had heard some thing incredible and unwelcome, toward the per bon who was entering. By no means an heroic figure, nor worthy of ?fceing heralded by thunder, has stepped in some what slowly and stiffly, and halts in the Him side light of the window, relieved by the dark back ground. It is a small man, dark visaged, with a black wig, a grave, dull, mahogany face, furrowed with lines of reserve. Maud is certain that she never saw that small, lnsignmcant-looking man before, who is staring with a very grave, but not Unfriendly, countenance at her mother. He is buttoned up in a black outside coat, with a cape to it : he holds a rather low-crowned hand, and wears tt.ose shining leather coverings for the legs which ?.re buckled up to the knees. Getting in and getting out of iis posting carriage he has scrupulously avoided dust or mud. His boots are without a speck. His queer Ijat is nattily brushed, and, in stable phraseology, has not a hair turned. THs. black coat is the .finest pos sible, but it has great pockets at either side, each of which seems laden with papers, mufflers, and other things, so that- bis hips seem to descend gradually and. culminate near Ms knees*. This man's brown face, smoothly shaved1, is fnrrowed and solemn enough for five- and-sixty. In bis dress and air there is nothing of the care less queerness of a country gentleman. His sin gularities suggest rather the eccentricity of a precise and rich old city humorist. There is something1 characteristic and queer enough, in thebuttoued-up and black-wigged little man to interest Maud's curiosity. ? v He lias not been ten seconds in the room, and steeds poised on his leather-cased legs, looking gravely and quietly at Lady Yemen, and, like s ghost. Bays nothing till he is spoken to. One can racfcor. the tick, tick, tick of the Louis Quatorze dock on the bracket by the chimney-piece. v 1*0$ Vernon stood up with an effort, licill looking hard at Mm, and advancing a step, she said: 'Mr. Dawe? I'm so surprised.- I could scarcely believe my ears. It is such an age since I have seen you here.' And she put out her hand Itospitahly, and he took it in his brown old fingers ?with, the stiffness of a mummy, and as he shook.it slightly^he said in his wooden tones, quietly : ' Yes, it is, I was looking into my notes yes terday — it is a good while. You look well, Bar bara. Your looks are not much altered; no — considering.* ' It is very good of you to come to see me ; you mustn't stay away bo long again/ she replied in her silvery tones. . ' This is your daughter ?' lie interrupted, with a little wave of Ms dark, thin hand towards the young lady. ' Yes, that is she. Maud, shake hands with Mr. Dawe/ ' Maud Guendoline she was baptised/ he said, as he advanced two stiff steps toward herewith bis prominent brown eyes fixed upon her. She rose and placed her pretty fingers on that hand of boxwood, which closed on them. (to be continued.) 