A STRIKING GHOST STORY. Many year, ago, Lota tJaatUraogh, afterwards MMquls of Londonderry, vrant oa vf.it to Knebworth, th. 'ml of Mr Bulwer, fathar of tbo fir.t Lord Lytton. Knebworth .could boost, even in thOM davn a hanutod mtm and iki. apartment wm Mt Mid. for Lord Ooailsreagh, withont uy unkind intention oa tbo put ot hi. boat, however, m th. ghoat which wm enp- poaMd to vi.it thii chnmlwr very Mldom mud. hi. appoManoe. So ran, in fact, wan hi. viiitatlon. that bb .xiatanoa wm not avaa eux- pMtad by uy of tha Mrvant. then in M Bnlwer . amploy. Lord Cutloraagh arrive! at Koobworth late te tha .voning, r.tirad early to teat, and went qatekly to ilMp, only noticing before closing hb iy.l that a comf ortebl. woud fir. bad Imu lighted in th. quaint, old fashioned fira-plaoo, oppoMte te whioh .taod th. foot at hb bed. Bodduly b. nwok% with tbo naplM- Hant conacieuMM that he wa. not .ion. in th. room, and, looking op, h. raw to hb gnat Mnurawnt that eome on. wm utting, by tbo hurtb, natteg hu bead up on hb Tiand m h. but foi«a:di in hi. chair, and apparent -y gazing intently into the fin. Gramtly eurprii.d .t Beting n atrugu te hii room, Lord J3»'.lcrccgh at up in hb imd, Mid wo. furtUr Mto&iteed; to M that th. figure wm that of . ,onng boy, with profusion of long yelllw hair, and clad from tmod to loot te yellow garments of a; picturesque end medieval fashion. While Lord OMtbraogh w«v .till wondering bow .0 trug. n figure eonld poulbly have gaiotd ac- ose. to hb roam, tho Yellow Boy turned slowly round, looking iteedfutly for an inatant, drew hb right hand rapidly across hb throat, and vanished. Next day Lord c.itl.reagh related to hi. host hi. aariOM axperiuoa of the night before, Mr Bulwar oppeaiod aomewhat horri- fiwl t whet h. luard, but h. udMvarad to nuk light of the nutter, carefully concealing from ble.vbltor tli» popnter .upantitlon that th. ppMltion oi the Yellow Boy not only foretold violent death to tho man who nw htm, bnt 0! .0 lMt 00 doubt M to tho mmuur of tho death that be should die. H'-rang.ly enough, . taw year, latar, Lord Outleraagh committed suioid. by catting hia own throat at hb oouatry ravl- denca te Kant, a fact whioh, takaa in Manactlon with tbe aj.j.aritten ol tha Yellow Roy, wu cer tainly n curioaa coinoiduoe, If nothing more.— '' Loriy's PictorioL" 