PAUL SMITH, A.B.A. L lne morning sun was streaming into a large wainscoted room, fiUing it with beanty, shining throngh the small panes of three tall narrow window?, severely uiapeu in oynan muslin curtains. Outside, the Thames flowed on, past the old Chelsea wooden bridge, spanning it, in a glory of dazzling, sparkling light. The furniture in the room had an old- world look. But that comfort was not sacrificed to appearance was shown in the somewhat nnwieldy Indian-cane lounging chairs and a couch, made beautiiul by a gold embroidered cash mere shawl covering it. Persian rugs and soft and glossy furs gave tone and colour to the plain golden-coloured paueis ot tne room. At the further end a fine piece of old tapestry, partly drawn aside, screened off a smaller room lighted by a window of olive-green glass,' showing a narrow door in the wainscot, leading, it might be, to a deep cup board, 'or a passage communicating with the corridor. Yellow daffodils, in quaint Japanese bronze pots, delicious bit3 of blue and white, vividly coloured fans, dashed here and there in bright flashes, amid the various objects of art, were hardly needed to show that it was au artist's home. The studio was further embellished by the occupants, two young men. One, the owner, was smoking while his facile pencil rapidly sketched on a am.il wooden block, listening the while to his companion's talk. For Paul Smith, al though ambitious of better things, was industrious and conid ill afford to waste time. Pending the arrival of the ex pected model for his important picture on the ease), he was finishing one of the numerous orders for a popular magazine. lne tall Chippendale timepiece struck ten as he impatiently exclaimed : ' Isabel s late this morning. Strange ! As a rule she is the most dependable of women.' " Are women ever to be depended upon V his friend, the Honourable Hugo Somerville, asked, gaziug absently at the picture on the easeL 1 She is. Glad you seem to like my picture. Do you care to see the lines it illustrates ?' And the artist handed an open book over to Samerville ; who, having been attach at St. Petersburg and other foreign Courts, was suffi ciently well up to understand the verses written in old French ,aB he read alond : " A vostre maitreese envoys Ce quelle mande mau pour moy, Gaarde le parfnm. de la rose, Y en mon cuer le tiens enclose." 'Quaint and pretty,' he said. Then turning again to the picture, he added : 1 And now for the translation of it.' Pan! Smith pointing to the centre figure with his mablstick, began in au oratorial tone ; Here you behold the late charmer of his faithless majesty, Francis L Le roi gallant, in defiance of the maxim to be off with the old love, <fcc., sends, at a woman's instigation, of course, for the love takens and jewels h had given his old flame. P»«r tfio n1<I Itrra 9' Hugo asked, interrupting his friend s flow of eloquence. ' FianQaise de Foix, Comtesse de Cbateaubriant. And as you may ob serve, she obeyed hie Majesty's com mand, but returns them in a grand smash, worthless as his affection: a sentiment embodied in the neat lines you have been reading. There's not another girl in London with such a head of hair : the true Old Master shade. Leonardo should have painted her in stead of the arch-sinner Francis.' ' Magnificent ! And a lovely face. Haven't yon flattered her ? Hasu't she freckles i' ' No !' Paul replied honestly. I couldn't flatter her if I tried ; she is eimply beautiful Look at her photo ; there ; even without colour it is lovely.' Hugo Somerville took a portrait from the looking-glass, and gave it a long serious gaze. ' Perfect,' he exclaimed at leugth. ' Yes ! and she's as good as she's per- fact,' Paul continued. ' For when I was down with typhoid fever last year, that girl nnrsed me like a mother. Sue had been a hospital nurse for a few mon t is and was up to the work ; she pulled me through toe. Sir William Carataire said he could do nothing ; all depended upon my constitution, and upon nursing and care. I owe my life to her.' ' Of course you'll pay your debt and marry her, live happily ever after, and so end — or begin — the romance.' ' It would end the romance indeed, my dear fellow 1 I can't afford it.' Why, it would pay in the long run ; she'd sit to yon gratis. Marry her. I would, if I were yon.' If I were you, I might 5 the Hon. Hugo Somerville may indulge in raatri- monial eccentricities ; but £ owe it to the time-honoured name of Smith to be more particular. An imprudent marriage would rain my career.' Is she common f Hugo inquired eagerly. No ! uncommon enough — one of Nature's gentlewomen, though I believe her father was a gentleman. But I want the happy combination of Natnre and Art — allied to wealth.' I should go in for such a combina tion as I see here, and leave destiny to take care of itself,' cried Somerville, tonchiog the photo, as he spoke, almost reverently. South laughed. 'There goes the door! She'll be iD directly, aud you can judge for yourself.' Rising, he drew the portifcre aside, and looked in the small room. It was empty. Opening the -door he -looked beyond into the passage. No one. He returned and remarked, in a disappointed tone : ' Isabel has not come, yet I was aure I beard the door close. I must have been mistaken.' - 1 - Somerville felt equally sure, but said nothing. Reluctantly he stuck the photo again in the corner of the glass, after carefully noticing the address sOTwletl inpencil at the haclt He Isnddehly remembered an important engagement; arid Jihrnedly left the artist . Paul remained plunged in a.jbrown study, - which, fif put inro wwds, wpnld have been to the effect; that however fburming Isabel Gray, plight ibe, »t be- hoved him to many forramething<more than love. Mouey. or -rank -the 'ene would said to his Comfort, -the qther, to his popularity aw a fashionable portrait punter, the "aaramft " of Ks .ambition. Looking at the Inxuries surrounding him; remembering the high rent he paid for the studio, and the low state of his finances ; the hand to month life he led ; a visionary account at his bankers, existing only in the imagination of his fellow Bohemians ; remembering all this he knew how little he could afford to indulge in that luxury of the wealthy— a love match ! Pshaw 1 With the thought the image of Isabel arose, and 'the tender grace of a day that Is dead ' — ber devoted care of him in that eerioue illness. True, he was unconscious of the extent of 'her sacrifice ; tbe necessities Bhe deprived heraelf of to minister to his comfort, to procure the little luxuries tempting to an invalid's sickly appetite - the weary days, the broken nights, passed at his bedsida These were only vaguely known to him, chiefly comprehended in Sir William a memorable verdict : You owe your life to your nurse.' He could not forget the succeeding days when convalescence had set in ;the Bhort country excursions, Isabel's bright happiness. Holidays that left pleasant memories. Walks under the magnificent chestnuts in Bnshey Park, and the stately limes, shading the clear stream peopled with large speckled trout, in the Palace gardens. Windsor Castle and the Park; and Isabel's childish delight as a brilli antly plnnted cock pheasant majestically crossed their path, or a partridge whirred past them, rising in startled flight from amid the bracken. Sometimes ber mother wonid accompany them in these excursions, bnt often they were alone. How she revelled in the country, hating her London prison ! yet, how bravely she Lad worked and toiled to keep her widowed mother ! And now, as a friend less orphan — her mother bad lately died — she was steadily doing her duty, fighting bravely throngh the many tronbles and temptations to which her calling more particnlady exposed her. With a trifle of unwonted tenderness, he recalled the silvery tones of her voice, uneducated, but sweet and true as a bird's song. Poor Isabel 1 Was it love that tanght her those soft modulations 1 Slowly he puffed oat the smoke, idly watching it float into thin sir, carrying away with it the sweet thoughts of the past. The pipe finished, he laid it aside, and with it, his dream of what might have been. Resolutely he went once more to work ; and the drawing finished, dashed off a few words of inquiry to Isabel. Ringing for his servant, he gave him the letter for Miss Gray and the block, to be left at Iheir respective des tinations. Upon receiving them, the man said Miss Gray had called by appointment, but feeling indisposed, had gone home. ' Why did yon not give me the mes sage at once I' Smith inquired with a growl. ' I thought Miss Gray had seen you, sir. She went upstairs aod said it was of no consequence, as you had a gentle man with yon.' With these words the servant hastily fled, leaving Panl in a for from amiable mood. Marry her T The words haunted him. Hejnissedher, and withont her would hat, he went to the Row, only to acknowledge that amid the throng of highborn beauties not one surpassed the girl he was seeking to dismiss from his thoughts. On his return he was surprised to realise the eagerness with which he looked for the reply to his note ! the blank feeling of disapoiutment upon hia servant telling him there was no answer. The following morning he called at Fi'zroy Street Miss Gray was 'not at home.' He went off in a huff, and snlked for two days, painting in the draperies from the lay figure. Then, artistic despair compelled him to knock under. He wrote in almost abject termB to Isabel, convinced of a favourable reply. The letter was returned with the words ' Gone away.' Paul Smith hardly, knew whether he was more grieved or annoyed as he repeated alond, ' Gone away 1' n. Some nine or ten years have passed away. Panl Smith, A.R.A, stands, if not on the very pinnacle of frame, at least in a fair way to lessen -by one the three magic initials attached to his name. Clever and the fashioD, his portraits are in demand, and if to the chosen few the stamp of genius be wanting, none can deny bis success in catching the likeness of bis sitters, and bis seizing npon tbe happy moment when they are looking their best, at he pots it, or by grossly flattering them, as his detractors — and they are many — put it. Envious enemies, and adverse critics are bat another proof, if any be wanting, of his success. - : . He bad made art pay. A" windfall in an unlooked-for - legacy 'bad enabled him to bnild up for himself a comfortable, fortune, anda gorgeous red-brick.mongrel Queen Anne .palace, among the palatial shrines in that eminent punters' comer, clustering together on the outskirts of a well-known historical park. A park under whose time-hononred trees Addison and his fair patroness walked and talked and held their court : a bright .constell ation of wit and 'beauty/ around whom innumerable lesser satellites .cevoivefl, . The studio itself is a matveUous reproduction of a 'Damascus room. ; It Is rich io curiously carven .wooden lattices and screens, walk arid arched recesses, whereon gorgeous mosaic arid brilliantly coloured texts from the Koran shine out in a maze of lustrous splendour. The whole is toned down by the subdued tints of rich Oriental draperiss.faU'ing in soft folds froin nriRer the horseshoe arched doorway. - Magnificent Indian rage cover a low, hrnad divan, filling a deep recess. In front joI these .stand low tables inlaid withTjeari and ivory, while from the fretted ceiling hang eitver lamps, astnch tggsmid dhB various accessories that . jn»ginatjrTh t and skill . can devise,plii8- innebon slave.' A Hindu who hands ;=the fragrant coffee in rare ehina55mg3ri julyer jewelled Btands, or aj«ebiryqne'. naighileh or amber- montiiedtilbonane,--- --- jbSplagfe- ef honour is given to the „nfinh3»j. qnfetMre — ' Love Tokens,' whfmpejpijGray'efaminous syesehine out in nmrpaehfol, indkuant aB!unLda the jjftMOTaffiwhyfa Ae, JM . ..The moinlng ean brihgB ont the lustre of lie luJfc "Onee ngaln twb men are seated ;in the tftridio: Paril inda frirad, Jphn Grahau, mate aw. Panl Is holding tip « water-colour draw- ing and surveying it indulgently, albeit critically. It was a sketch of a girl in a fanciful peasant dress, crowned with a wreath of hawthorn. ' I rather think thie " May Qaeeo " will fetch the lady fur. Lady May Bramston asked me to draw a pretty get-np for her to wear at the Duchess of Cloverly's ball' ' Ah ; said his friend. ' By the time your artistic design passes through the dressmaker's hands you won't recognise your own sketch. Lady May ? I thought you were going in for December, not May' This was in allusion to a certain i wealthy, if somewhat mature, widowed couotess, whose open partiality for the artist was the talk of the clubs. Paul, not ill-pleased at the insinuation, replied : 1 May is the month for our pro fession ; when we are hanged,' skied, or rejected ! But apropos of December ' He opened a portfolio, aud taking out a drawing in coloured chalks, passed it to Graham. ' Norma. That's for the Oonntess of Steynham, Lady May's aunt, who goes in for High Art 'and the classics.' Graham, honestlg admiring BDd secretly enjoying hie brother artist'B talent, inquired : ' And which do yon go in for, Ancient or Modern f Ignoring the innuendo, Panl answered severely : ' Modern, and I am off to the Private View. Of course we shall meet %' 'No anch luck. You forget I'm one of the " rejected".' ' Pardon me, old fellow 1 Better luck next time.' As he spoke, the successful man cor dially grasped his friend's hand, infusing a delicate shade of sympathy in his tone and a warm pressure of his fingers. Graham, flattered aod pleased, took the hint, and left. Paul carefully rolled np the drawings. and, addressing them respectively to the Countess of Steynham and the Lady May Bramston, lighted a pipe, and pro ceeding to smoke it, built up as fragile aud glittering a castle as any in cloud- land. HL The Private View at the Academy was crowded as ever, spite of the addition d accommodation afforded by the spacious rooms of the new building. RAs and AR.A.S and a hoet of bndding and as yet uudecorated artists miDgled with the gay throng of butterfly beauties. These were arrayed in all the glorieB of the rainbow ; draped in ' arrangements' of every variety of fashion, past, present or to come, from the Conquest down to tbe days of our own good and gracious Queen. Paul was irresistibly drawn to his own picture, a portrait of Lady May Bram ston. It was well bung, although above the line. Standing befere it was a tall and graceful woman, from under whose small black bonnet a gleam of burnished golden hair escaped. The artist's quick eye noted the effect of the sunlight in bringing out the warm tones. ' First rate back study,' he reflected, as he waited patiently to see if the front Taming slightly to refer to the cata logue, he saw au oval face, with clear, well cut, straight features, a pure colour less complexion, dark curling lashes fringing the downcast eyes, conscious of and annoyed at his admiriDg gaze. A faint colour slowly rose to her cheeks, adding marvellous brightness and life to the hitherto statnesque beauty. She had apparently found the artist's name, when, looking up, their eyes met, here with a startled look in them. The rosy flush died out of the face, aud as she abruptly turned away, a jewelled pencil dropped from her trembling Augers, Paul stopped and, raising his hat, restored it to her. Silently she bowed her thanks and passed on. What haunting likeness was there in the face, what vague resem blance, recalling a long since lost and forgotten memory I Isabel Gray — yes — she, the poor model, might have been like this majestic beauty, this glorious woman — had she, too, been happy, rich, and in a similar position. From room to room he followed her, as, looting straight before her, heedless of the crowd, Bhe hurried oil. In his eager pursuit he stumbled over a gorgeous peacock-feather-trimmed train. An ominous rent was the result, as with an abject apology he sought to free him self from the hopelessly involved dra peries. He was tearing the train and himself away, when the indiguant wearer confronted him. ' Lady Steynham !' The angry frown at his awkwardness subsided, the dark face lighted up with a pleasant smile, an outstretched many- buttoned lavender hand was extended in friendly greeting. 'Don Pablo!' she exclaimed. The foreign title conferred upon Panl by the fair widow was a tribute to his eminently Spanish appearance, artistically enhanced by the pictnresque style be affected. ' I am delighted to eee yon. -I've been longing for an intelligent and sympath etic guide through this .bewildering labyrinth of genius aud beauty. How fortunate ! Never mind the gown ; these damages are - easily repaired. Hush ! not a word.' She gathered np the folds of the traiD, and resting her hand lightly on his arm, continned : 'Take me to see your picture. Iam dying to know if they have done justice to your genius, and May's beauty.' Tbe unlucky man was buttonholed, and when at last, pleading an important engagement, he made his escape, the fair unknown had vanished. Inquiries of the man at the turnstile resulted in the information that a lady answering to his description had jast passed throngh. He dashed down the etuis too lata A victoria wbb driven away as he reached the door, and as it turned into Picca dilly he had a vision of a lovely profile and a gleam of golden hair. iv. . Tn the Oonntess of Steyhham's boudoir, three people were merrily' chatting ovei their afternoon tea. The . subject under disenstiou was an entertainment to be given at Steynham Honse, for which yMdawweto be issued forthwith. Lady May- Bramston wasbeggingfor a fancy drees ball; her annt, Lady Steynham, sma in favour of tableaux, and Pan 1 fimllh was specially called upon to decide between the lediei" " . 'I feel my responsible poation as umpire,' he wsB eaying, adroitly deciding I to please both if possible. 'I should advise a series of tableaux, illustrating the progress of Art' Lady Steynham looked delighted ; Lady May disappointed, when Paul con tinued : ' Concluding with a costume balL We could start with a classical snbject, either a single figure or a group — say " Pygma lion and Galatea," then by a long step on to Preraphaelitism — a Madonna, by Licinio, or better still — " Monna Lias." Mediaeval Art could be fairly shown by Albert Durer's " Melancholia," when Holbein, Vandyck, and Rubens would gently lead to tbe English School, Gains borough, Reynolds, a Hogarth, perhaps, and soon to our own period. Lady Steynham interrupted laughing ly- ' I mast veto the whole thing. It is too long, too much, and too artistic for the general public. As hostess, 1 must consider my guests.' ' Oh, aunt !' Lady May observed pite- onsly, while Paul looked annoyed. ' If you like to have, say one or two tableaux as a lever de rideau, May shall have her wish, aud we will decide upon a costume ball.' She addressed the last words to Paul, adding with a gracious smile : ' We will pat np yoar large picture, the woman with the red hair and the broken orna ments : that unfinished one that hangs in yonr studio.' ' Willingly,' replied -Paul. ' It will make an excellent tableau. But who will sit for tbe fair dame ' As he pot the question, a vision rose before him of the beautiful unknown. ' If we conld only get Lady Somer ville — she has just that shade of red hair,' said May. ' Lady Somerville,' Panl iuquired ; ' who is she ? Years ago I knew a brother of Lord Somerville ; he died in India, or was it Canada 1 He was attache somewhere in tbe frigid or the torrid zone.' ' It's the same He inherited the title, married and died abroad. His wife was an Australian, very rich ; all over diamonds and nnggeta Yon must have met her ; she is very lovely.' Lady May spoke with the generous enthusiasm of youth ; her aunt adding as a rider : ' And not very young.' ' She doesn't look more than twenty,' tbe young girl replied ; ' though of course she is more. If only she would come, the tableaux would be perfect. But you don't know her, aunt.' ' Silly child ! what has that to do with it ? Si e'est impossible cda sejera. Give me another cup of tea and don't trouble about my affairs. I undertake that Lady Somerville shall play the Beauty, and Don Pablo shall be the Messenger. And don't lose your heart, for I hear she's engaged to Lord Duncan Glenholm.' Paul assured the ladies that he was arrow proof, with a look and expression that conveyed to his hearers the idea that they, individually, were his protect ing aegis from love's wiles. And having conveyed the desired impression, he left, v. Lady Steynham succeeded in her aim. She was introduced to Lady Somerville, a-aft- iweHsiled-UDon her to undertake ever, only npon condition that rehearsals were dispensed with. Lady Somerville requesting a photogr.ph of the picture. Iu vain Lady Steynham suggested a visit to the stndio. Lady Somerville declared ' she hated artists, as they expected so moch flattery and adulation ;'. aud the Countess, only too happy to eeenre the Beauty, willingly acceded to the terms she mentally voted capricious. Some days later, meeting Lady Somer ville at a bait, she was delighted to pre sent the artist to her. ' Lady Somerville, allow me to intro duce Mr. Paul Smith: our collaborateur, you kuow, iu the tableaux' Lady Somerville acknowledged the introduction by a slight bow. May I have the honour of the next valse ?' Paul asked, eagerly. ' Thank you, I never valse.' The answer was not encouraging, aud tbe tone still less so, but the voice was wonderfully sweet. ' The next quadrille V ' I am engaged.' The lancers ?' She shook her head and tamed away. ' I am afraid not,' she answered care lessly enough, smiling the while upon a gentleman evidently seeking to make bis way to her throngh the crowd. As he approached, Paul recognised Lord Dnn- an Glenholm. Claiming bis dance, be led her away with empress ement to a quadrille j net forming. Anxiously and envionsly, Paul watched the two. A well matched couple ; she leaning on his arm with willowy, bend ing grace ; he, tall, fair, and broad- shouldered : a fine type of power and strength that conld not but find favour in the artist's eye. This then, was for tune's favourite, the man who had won the wealthy widow. He was in no mood to dance. The discovery that Lady Somerville was the fair unknown had been & blow to any .hope he might have had of winning the one woman who realised bis ideal of grace and beanty. Lees rich, less courted, he might have had a chance ; bnt now — his gaze followed her, he was wholly ab sorbed in watching every movement, every turn of the fair face, every glance of the wonderful eyes that never met his own. Was it chance or did she purpose ly avoid him f He determined to be convinced. Henceforth, all his energies shonld be devoted to solving tbe enigma. Sphinx that she was, he wonld read and unravel the mystery. The rehearsals at Steyn ham .House wonld be. in his favonc.- Fer vently he blessed Lady Steynham for casting him in tbe unimportant part of messenger in his picture with Lady Somerville. However, he was doomed herein to disappointment; and had to await the eventful night. In the meanwhile he sought ber when ever she was likely to be met. Occasion ally they passed in the Row, or he saw her driving or riding in the park ; and he was fain to. be content with the slightest of bows; or the very few words thatjpoliteness req aired in recognition, it might be, of some trifling service he was only too happy to render. Had Lady Somerville desired to make lnm more completely her slave, she conld not have acted with - greater Judgment The chains of her fascination, slight in the beginning, were weighing .on him and binding him, a willing captive at-frd feet Nettled -and fascinated, Paid Smith's admiration was rapidly drifting into passionate and intense love, and the one object of his hitherto objectless life was to win her affection. The fete at Steynham house came off in dne time. The daily papers called it ' a colossal success,' and gave unmiti gated praise to the three tableanx pre ceding the balL ' King Cophetna and the Beggar Maid,' the first given, was remarkably success ful in reproducing the elaborate detail of the celebrated picture ; and after the curtain had risen and fallen twice npon it, was followed by Mill '-is' ' Huguenots.' Lady Steynham had secured Mr. Beauchamp, a bachelor aud a wealthy brewer, as an eligible representative of her niece's lover; trusting to his for tune to make np for any shortcomings. Lady May looked the part to perfection' The ensemble was enhanced bv real ivv trailing over the well imitated wall, and the flaming nasturtium and bluebell. The gem of the evening was nndeniably the last — Love Tokens,' by the fashion able and popular artist, Panl Smith, in which, he himself appeared as the king's messenger, and ' tbe beautiful Lidy S -merville as the ill-starred Francoise. TJpon the black draperies of the baric- ground, the masses of rnddy, golden hair shone ont in a flood of glory, as, with imperions gesture, she points to a glitter ing heap of broken jewels at her feet, the abject messenger of the king cowering beneath the ontraged woman's acorn. Now, and not until now, had Panl realised the trnth. Seeing her in the well-remembered costume, it flashed npon him Lady Somerville and Isabel Gray were one and the eame — the model, whose love and devotion he had lost ; he would not admit, even to himself; that he had despised it. His eyes met hers with a look of burning love. At that look of recognition hers fell, the colour rose ominously in her pale cheeks, aod as suddenly faded away ; her lips parted in a faint sigh. Swaying forward, she would have fallen, bnt for Paul, who rushed with outstretched arms to save her. To the loud applause succeeded a sud den hush. The curtain was dropped. Lady Steynham was quickly on the scene ; promptly giving the necessary directions. The guests were reassured, Lady Somerville's faintness attributed to the heat, and after a few moments, the curtain rose again upon the inter rupted tableau. Panl louged to -be alone with her. His heart was beating high with hopes of forgiveness : surely she could not be in different to the lover of ber youth. Would the curtain never drop 1 At last, amid the sound of deafeniDg applause, it fell ; the tableaux were over ; he was free to seek her. She did not enter the ball-room, but eluded him, and he aud the admiring spectators looked for her in vain. The following day Lady Somerville's honse was besieged by callers : all Lon don left cards of inquiry. Among others, Paul Smith, who, hear ing she was better, ventured to call again later in the afternoon. He was told, ' Her ladyship had left town.' Isabel had sought safety in tugnt. Why i He had discovered her secret. What then ? As he asked bimBelf, a smile flitted across his face. She was afraid. Of whom i Herself ! Paul Smith had recognised her, and the selfsame moment Bhe had discovered the secret of her love. She fled, carrying with her, indeed, the vision of revenge she bad planned, overwhelmed in the joy that filled her heatt. She was bnt a loving, pitiful woman, incapable of tbe scornful rejection of the love she longed fur aud which was now humbly laid at her feet, to be refused — rejected. Tremb- ling for heraelf and her weakness, she fled ; but ODly to return. Yearning to see him again, after some days' wearying, she plunged once more into the gaieties of town. Her well-known equipage and lovely face were seen in the park. Aod al though she fought against her love and denied herself to Paul, invariably being ' not at home to him, a day came when she could no longer refuse the interview he asked. In answer to hie letter he was ushered into a prettily furnished room. Throngh a glass door, opening upon a email garden, he saw Isabel's slender figure in softly falling white drapery. With slightly heightened colour, she entered and greeted him. There was a moment of embarrassing sileuce. She was the first to recover her composure, as seeking to release her hand from his, she mnrmnred : ' Mr. Smith, I hope — ' What she hoped, he never asked. Covering the hand he held imprisoned iu his own with kisses, he, in burniDg words, besought her forgiveness, and more than that, hei love. With a flattering movement, ehe sought to withdraw her hand from his Arm grasp, then suddenly ehe let it lie passive in hia He looked op. The shadow of a smile dimpled tbe corners of her month, as she eoftly uttered : ' This to me, the despised model 1' Encouraged by the tone of her voice he attempted to fold her in hie loving arms ; but with a forbiddiug gesture ehe drew back. ' Isabel, don't send me away from yon 1 All these long yeare I have wanted you, and my lonely heart has ached for the love that was lost to me. And now that I am more worthy of yon — now — you will not refuse to let me call yon mine ?' ' Mr. Smith, you are paying me the highest compliment in offering me the hand . and heart ... you refnsed to Isabel Gray. Yon can more fitting ly bestow It on Lord Somer- ville'a widow : I' shall not disgrace yon as a wife. TTnuh ! she continned, as he Bought to interrupt - ber. ' Hear me ont. -That day. — so. long ago— I called at the stndio, and accidentally overheard yonr conversation with Hugo Somerville. Determioed that you should not have the chance of spoiling yonr life by marriyng me, I went away and changed my. address. Yonr friend found -me out, aud by- his goodness wad chivahy wo ri mk— Aiid now itmijr' be as well to be clear upon one point, an important --one. That is, that, wealthy as - 1 am reputed/in marrying agaip, the only fortnne I bring my., husband is — myBelfj leabel Somerville; ale. Gray. The Somerville ostatea and moneye peas frbinmybwdds,' l£&ringthemempty.;' With a pretty and beseeching Restore, she opened Jter hands towards him, ''rawing them back hastily as he stretched ont his own. ' I am snre yon do not care for a pennilesB bride, any more than I care to be a burden to the man I may wish to marry.' Again she held out her hand, with quiet dignity, saying only the words ' Good-bye.' How wonld he bear the ordeal, she asked herself. To her intense joy, his countenance remained unchanged, he betrayed no disappointment. He was prepared to make any sacrifice to win her. Clasping her hand in both bis own, be answered her Good-bye. 1 Better so, my darling ; I want you, yourself, not your surroundings. Thank Heaven, I have .more than enough for both, aud you shall never miss the luxuries which have been yours. You shall never regret giving yourself to ma I would rather you owed something to me, Isabel.' His voice was earnest and truthful, aud his eyes met hers with a trusting look. With a happy sigh, she laid her hand caressingly npon hia A shadow crossed his fac9 as his glance fell upon the wedding-ring encircling her slender finger. It was bnt a momentary pang. Had ehe seen it; he asked himself on bis homeward way, as he lived the happy hoar he had passed with her over and over again. At her earnest entreaty, he had relnctantly left her, to return again in the evening. And Bhe was alone, once more, with her new happiness; alone, but never to feel lonely again. Face to face with a future dawning afresh from out the dim yet unforgotten past. The past 1 As the words rose to her lips she shivered ; the look of aver sion he had cast upon her wedding-ring, the symbol of another's love, pleaded for this past sacrifice. Had she not given away her heart, had she not promised her hand! Slowly ehe drew off the golden token of love, placed there by the hand of a loving husband, now dead, and taking a key from a chain she always wore, she opened an ebony and ivory inlaid cabinet, and pressiog a spring, disclosed a deep drawer behind a recess. Kissing the little ring sadly aud pitifully, she dropped it in. It fell upon a sealed letter. She Btarted nervously as the ghost of the past confronted her. No need to read again the well remembered superscrip tion : ' To my dear wife, on the day she accepts another's love, or on her thirtieth birthday.' Her hand shakes, the blood flames across her face and fades away, leaving her, if possible, whiter than before. Reverently, she breaks the seal. A message of a mighty love has fol lowed her from beyond the grave. Through a haze of blinding tears, she reads his wish for her happiness, begging her to accept the sum of £10,000 he bequeaths to her, as a token of his love. For farther particulars he refers her to his solicitora. Unselfish Hugo 1 His love had watched over her in her loneliness and ignorance of the world ; and in depriving her of the golden bait of a fortnne, he had tested tbe disinterestedness of her .lover. lover, who had boroe" cue -An, in. that shonld mingle in the tribute of gratitude she paid to her hnsfaand's memory 1 When she again met her accepted lover, her eyes were dim with hashed tears, as in silence she put Hugo's letter into his hands. Paul started, and deeply moved, ex claimed : ' How generous !' Then seeing the tears in her eyes, be kissed them away, adding : I will be as good to yon as he was, my darling ; better, 1 conld not be.' 