n%m\\\\\\\\\v\\\\\v\\\v\\\\\\\vvwv\VV\\\\\\\VA\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\v\V\\\\\\\\\\\\\V\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\VW\\\\\\\ "TALBOT FANE, BACHELOR." I3ST THREE BOOKS. By "ATHA." Author of " Puck Pibbmont," " Other People's Money," " Maoris and Pakehas," " Fire," " Kiorani," " Gadabout Papers," " Living or Dead," " Australian Elves," Sic., See. -ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER I. A Scrap of the Melbourne " Arous." if FT waB 1 o'clock p.m. on a blazing February afternoon. 5 Scene : The Thames' Goldfields, Otago, New Zealand, e At such an hour people in the old country were, for the £1 most part, putting out their fires, lighting candles, and otherwise preparing for bed. Out here, at the antipodes, instead of rain and sleet, and fog, and with the temperature at zero, there beamed forth a hot sun, whose slanting rays warmed up the deep valley like a gigantic oven. Beneath the scorching heat, a vast crowd delved and perspired in all the feverish expectation of be coming suddenly rich. During the mid-day meal, every man was glad of the short respite which gave them a spell out of the intense heat. Pud dling, washing, and the noise of pick and cradle were still for a space. The busy human hive on the vast New Zealand Tom Tiddler's ground stood, or squatted in groups, eating, smoking, chatting, around their tents, which formed a primi tive city of streets. The Thames diggers had representatives of every class in its ranks — from the white-handed man of gentle rearing and education down to the defaulter, the confirmed loafer, and the escaped felon. From all parts of the world they had flocked —a very Babel of nationalities and tongues, hungering for gold — gold that glittered on the surface — that clung to the roots of the up-torn ferns. In a tent of tolerable dimensions were two men. One of the twain was seated on an empty flour-cask, smoking his after-dinner pipe, and, from his attitude, was evidently lost in reverie. Tall and fair, he exhibited a model of strong Saxon manliness. The collar of his red Garibaldi thrown back, dis played a chest as fair as a woman's — a round firm throat, on which rested a grand head, crowned by silky curls of rich red-brown. A splendid beard of the same hue descended to his breast. His features were handsome, yet the charm of his face lay in his eyes. ; One of the greatest students of the human face divine, of modern times, has said that the true index to a person's dis position is to be found in the eye alone. This man's eyes — clear, large, grey in colour — had a grave, sad expression therein ; but they were capable of all the fire of the Roman Gladiator, with the gentleness of woman. His social Status in the civilised world would have been easy to determine without the aid of the shapely hands — fast becoming hardened by pick and shovel. Every tone of his voice, every move of his body, bespoke a gentleman by birth, education, association. What turn of Fortune's wheel could have brought the man here amongst the wild gang to bear the hardships of a digger's life ? His companion was altogether a different type of man, so far as outward appearance went. Tall, dark, slender, with almost a feminine beauty of face ; the dark, liquid, passionate eyes of a poet, though he had never written a line ; a small, expressive mouth ; a manly, gentle nature. He was a younger son, left to the merciful care of an elder brother, who, wearying of the charge, had uttered sharp words and sneers, whereupon the other's sensitive nature had been stung into rebellion. Cyril Temple had shaken the dust of his brother's house from off his feet, and started in the first mail steamer for New Zealand. Here, where strange things happed every day, he had met Talbot Fane. Physically unfitted for a digger's life, unable to cope with the resistless, reckless, pushing crowds, young Temple — hiB limbs aching from hard, manual labour — had succumbed to fever — fever on a gold field, where every man waB for himBelf, and he had not a friend. No 1 not every man, for when Cyril came back out of the grim jaws of death, weak and prostrate, he found a red- bearded stranger by his rude couch — a tall, strong man, who spoke to him in accents soft and soothing as those of a woman, and who kept by him, and nursed him day and night with a bright, cheerful patience. The invalid had pleaded with his nurse with the grateful tears of love in bis eyes and voice. ' My dear Fane, your claim, old fellow 1 Don't stay here — what nuggets you may miss tending such a weak, useless scapegoat as I !' ' Tut 1' laughed Talbot Fane. ' What are all the nuggets in the world to a man's life ? It seems to me that you and I are very much alone out here. Let us be friends, and dig together. What say you ?' Temple had pressed the strong hands with his thin white fingers, aud murmured in a broken voice : ' You have saved my life. What friendship can repay that debt ?' From that moment they had thrown in their lot together. Fortune had fairly favoured them ; life was bearable. Cyril Temple, though open and candid with reference to himself, could learn nothing of the antecedents of his chum. In reply to a question why he had come out to New Zealand, Fane had lightly answered — ' I am poor — that is one reason ; for a second, you know the adage — " One fool makes many." ' Lightly as the words were spoken, there was a singular look of melancholy in the grey eyes which never disappeared. Of one thing Cyril became convinced — -his mate had some thing on his mind— some trouble, which at times made him restless even in sleep ; for at such seasons he would spring up with a sharp cry of terror, or mutter in his dreams. Once he had started from his bunk in the dead of night, and with quick, fierce utterance, had denounced some imaginary foe. ' Scoundrel 1 it is false,' he cried. 'You shall surely answer to me for this. He himself shall refute you.' Then he had glared wildly round, and dropped back with a shudder, mur muring — 'Dead! dead 1 So sudden — so soon 1 Heaven help me 1' But as time passed, these nightmares grew rare, and the long fits of reverie became less frequent. Talbot Fane was in one now, however. His comrade, leaning back in the camp chair reading Braddon's ' Dunbar,' which he had purchased at a high price, glanced over his book at the silent figure of his friend. For half an hour he bad not once altered his position. Though his eyes were bent out on the open vista of rock and chasm,- Cyril knew he saw nothing. Suddenly he moved, and recovered himself with a long sigh. He re-lit his pipe, and then took up a sheet of the Melbourne Argvs, which had been wrapped about some article Cyril Temple had purchased at the store. Those who live in cities and have the boon of a news paper every morning, can form but a faint idea how eagerly an old edition is perused on a remote gold field. The wrapper was but half of the first sheet ; nevertheless the young digger began to read it. Cyril had returned to his book, when his attention was arrested by an abrupt exclamation from his companion. . Glancing across, he saw Talbot Fane's countenance turn ashen pale. The brows were drawn sharply together ; the lips compressed ; the whole face changed — as suddenly as by the waud of a mesmerist. Was' it indignation — hate — fear— what ? Before Cyril could shape the question, Fane turned aside to hide his face ; but the young man saw his mate's strong frame shaking like a reed in the wind. What could there be in that fragment of an old newspaper so to move him ? Temple would have liked to ask, yet something warned him to hold his tongue. He had been a witness to some powerful emotion the other desired to hide. For 6omc moments Fane remained motionless — save for the tremor which shook him. Then, fiercely — yes, fiercely — crushing the fragment in his hand, his lips muttering some thing which might have been an execration, he flung it. from him, rose, and stooping his head, quitted the tent without a word. That the old scrap of paper had been the cause of Fane's abrupt change, there was no doubt in the mind of Cyril Temple. There it lay. Putting aside his novel, the young digger reached for it, and smoothed it out on his knees. He ran his gaze over the advertisements. There could be nothing there. Stay ! here was the agony column. Was it there 7 What more likely ? ' Should this meet the eye of Donald M , late of S y, he is earnestly desired to communicate with Clara M , 2, Street, Kensington, Adelaide, South Australia, who is able to give him some information of his mother, lately from Scotland.' ' Humph,' reflected Cyril, ' there is nothing in that to make a pleasant fellow pale to the chaps, and scowl like a fiend. What' this ?' ' £500. — The above reward will be paid over to any person or persons giving information that will lead to the capture of one Jasper Trenton Yane, supposed to have succeeded in escaping from Pentridge Stockade Prison to the Northern Island of New Zealand. Height, 5 ft. 10 in. ; well made ; complexion, fair ; eyes, bluish grey ; features, good ; age, about 30— looks younger. When last seen wore heavy mous tache only. Possibly now may have shaved, or wears beard. Information to be sent to the Office of Police, Melbourne.' Young Temple sat- staring at the paragraph like one who bad, for the moment, lost the faculty of thinking. There could be no doubt to whom that advertisement referred, nor what had caused his comrade's violent emotion. The descrip tion was simply a photograph in words of Talbot Fane ; while the name — Jasper Trenton Yane — slightly altered, no doubt, but the same. The whole thing was evident — too evident. The young man had only time to crumple the paper, and cast it on the ground, ere Fane returned. There was a savage gleam in his eyes as he shot a quick glance round the tent, look up the sheet and tore ofF a portion, and again left the tent. \- ' That's it,' muttered Temple, gloomily watching the tall figure striding away. ' He is hit hard. His face shows me that he is the man wanted. Heaven help me ! I had begun to love this man for his sorming noble nature.' Lifting the unfortunate shred of paper again, Temple saw that the portion torn away was that containing the advertise ment offering the reward of £500. ' It was natural he should seek' to ..destroy it,' thought Temple. Then he remembered Fane's singular melancholy, his long reveries, those broken dreams, and sudden exclama-. tions. They were all explained now. What had he done ? Of what crime had he been guilty ? Was- it Murder? The thought was horrible, to be the bosom friend of a man who perchance had the stamp of Cain U| on him. To live in the same tent — to oat — talk, at the same board together, as if that, secret had not. been ! The doubt was in itself more than mere pain to the mind of the cultured young Englishman. What, then, should he do? Give him up — send informa tion to Melbourne ? ' No p Cyril lay back in his choir, a light glaring in his eyes. 'Not mine, the finger to be pointed at him,' he said. ' Of whatever he be guilty, I cannot forget that 'twas ho who nursed me hack from the threshold of death to life. Judge not. So be it.' CHAPTER II. The Corn of the Sebpknt. . jpp|||ING, ring, ring, hammer and pick and cradle, adown m\M the Thames Valley. The active throng, despite the j ifil -heat, have begun their burrowing and delving again. J Cyril Temple, wearied of waiting for the return of his mate, goes to the claim and begins work alone. He had expected to find Fane here, working off his strange gloom, but there was no sign of him. The tools remained exactly as they had left them. Temple takes up his pick in a mechanical way, goes down into the hole, and begins his delving. His thoughts are not with what he is doing, but rather with that paragraph in the Argus. Suddenly he utters a cry. The. implement he is using strikes against something hard, and lo ! a nugget of almost pure gold is brought tb light. It is not a very large one, but sufficiently valuable to cause the young digger a sensation of faintness, and a trembling like one stricken with ague. For weeks and months he and his comrade, with that feverish hope only born to goldseekers, have fought a stern fight against fate and fortune. Men each side of them, and round and about them, have found the yellow ore, almost without an effort, while to them, toil as they might, was never vouch safed the colour. It was wouderful to see the huge b own junk lying there at his fret, arid to feel that in it there lay comparative wealth and independence for him, at least. When the first flush of surprise is past, he moves the nugget to one side, and works like a madman in the hope that a fellow nugget may be near. Beyond a few small pieces, however, weighing but an ounce or so, there is no more there. It is only a patch after all, but such a patch that rarely falls to the same man twice in his lifetime, though he may spend his days digging for it. The nervous excitement fled, Cyril wraps the precious ' find ' in his handkerchief, and is about to emerge out of the hole, when he observes a face peering down at him from above. It appeared to the young digger an evil face — so much as could be seen of it, for a great shaggy beard, the colour of a lion's mane, and which grew well up on the cheeks, and half hid the fellow's eyes. 1 A man doesn't make a haul like that every day, mate, eh ?' cried the voice, with a laugh like a gargle. ' I reckon there's a matter of five thousand quid in that nugget.' ' Who are you, sir ?' enquired Cyril, emerging from the hole, and looking curiously at his interlocutor. ' I ? I am only a poor devil of a tramp, hard up, and wanting a job — that's all,' cried the man, quickly. 'I hap pened to be passing when you cried out, so I peeped in to see what was the matter. I say, if trifles like that on your ' shoulder are to be picked up every day, I'm going no further.' A scrutiny of the dusty tatterdemalion only hastened Temple's resolve to get back to his tent as quickly as possible. ' There's plenty of room here, my good fellow, for you to try your luck. Good day.' The tramp looked after the retreating figure with sinister eyes. Presently he sat down on a mound of earth near, and began to prepare for his evening meal. The hot sun's rays grew less fierce, and finally died away in an azure glow along the western horizon. Night fell. The stars appeared, out-shining the petty lights which gleamed in and out through the canvas streets, and from the few saloons and gambling dens on the field. Cyril Temple waited and watched for the coming of Talbot Pane. As the night grew on apace, he began to be troubled. Had his comrade fled into the wild Maori jungle through fear. Could he suspect that Temple had fathomed his secret? What had become of him ? Why did he not return ? These and a hundred other self-communings came and went in quick succession, until, weary with anxiety, the young man — first hiding his treasure beneath his pillow for better security — retired to rest. It is not easy to sleep if the brain is excited. What between the valuable treasure under his head, and the con- tinued absence of Fane, cogitation banished sleep as effectually as a fit of neuralgia. Once or twice he rose with the idea that ho heard the foot fall of his male outside the tent, but there was no living thing m sight, and a deep silence reigned throughout the camp. In every part of the world there are some nights in season which out-vie day for light and beauty. This was a moon light night pa?- excellence. The soft, clear canopy o'erhead Was almost as clear and as blue as day. For greater seclusion the two friends had pitched their habitation as far apart as possible from the noisy rabble which formed the population of the Thames "Valley. This one solitary tent stood like a sentinel on guard over the mass of canvas ranged in rows like sheeted ghosts in the pale moonbeams. Near it loomed out a giant kauri pine, with a thick clump of high ferns for company. 'Midnight had passed, when Cyril Temple fell into a deep, dreamless sleep. He was awakened suddenly by feeling the cushion on which rested his head moved by something. In- an instant he was upon his feet, but at that self-same moment, a pair of brawny arms encircling him like a band of steel, he was hurled to the ground. Be quiet,' cried a gruff voice. ' If you move I'll put my knife through you as if you were no more'n a wild pig.' The young digger, who found himself pinned beneath the heavy weight of some powerful antagonist, was weak through illness, ; but he came from a proud, high-spirited. race, whose courage was equal to any emergency. ' .You craven thief, what do you here.?' he cried, attempting to feel for his revolver. ' Silence !' fiercely hissed the marauder in his ear, ' I am not a man to threaten idly. I came for that nugget you found yesterday. Attempt resistance, and I will kill- you.' ' He,P !' The cry rang out on the still night like a bugle call. ' Curse you,' roared the other, with a deep imprecation. ' I'll soon stop your jaw.' The next moment there flashed athwart the eyes of the digger the blade of a long bowie- knife. Before the up-lifted arm could descend, the robber was thrown violently backward by a third party, -who came on the scene as abruptly as if he had risen from the ground. With a yell of baffled rage the would-be assassin turned and fled from the tent. ' Good heavens, Talbot !' cried Cyril, swinging round his hand for his revolver, 'what is the matter?' ' Matter ? My dear fellow, I trust you are not hurt.' ' Thank you, no,' ejaculated the other, with a bewildered stare. ' How came it about ? Let us after the ruffian.' ' Nay, let him go,' responded Fane, coolly. To-morrow we may find him. How did it happen ?' ' I hardly know,' said Temple, rising to his feet, and shaking himself after the manner of a spaniel who has had a plunge in the water. ' I was awakened by this fellow, whose sole business appears to have been to try and filch our nugget.' ' Our nugget ? My dear Temple, you are not fairly awake yet. Pray let me light the candle.' The other gave a short laugh. '' It is true ; our nugget, Fane. I found this yesterday after you left me,' and Cyril brought forth the handkerchief containing the gold. Talbot Fane's blue eyes glistened. ' You found this in the claim ?' ' Assuredly.' ' Dear Temple, let me congratulate you on your good fortune.' ' My good fortune, Talbot ?' ' Aye I Through sickness and through many tribulations, Fortune — the jade I — has smiled on you at last.' . ' But not upon me alone, my dear Fane,' replied the other, looking at his comrade with earnest gaze. ' Your stake is here also. You have a claim with myself in the treasure.' ' Not so,' responded Fane, moodily. ' From the very first my poor luck only held yours in check, Temple. Relieved of that, your goddess smiles and showers her favours in your lap.' ' Pooh ! We are partners as strictly as if all the solicitors in New Zealand had drawn up and witnessed the deed.' ' I was absent ; I have no claim whatever,' responded Fane. ' Why were you absent, old fellow ?' says the other, in a quiet, kindly tone, which causes Fane to look attentively at him. ' Why did you go away, without saying a word ? Do you think I am unworthy your confidence ?' Talbot Fane laughs. ' Tut ; I had no motive for playing the truant beyond a fit of the blues. Melancholy has been the ' heritage of llio Fanes since William the Conqueror Bet his huge foot on England's soil. Pshaw 1 why mention it? I know 1 am not much of a companion for you, my dear boy, but I have done my best not to bore you altogether. Kindly do me a favour. My behaviour may have appeared strange yesterday ; pray do not notice or refer to it.' '/ will not cried Cyril, with emphasis. 4 But answer me one question, Talbot Were you ever in doubt ?' 4 About whom ?' 4 Any of your friends, for instance.' 4 1 never had a friend beyond one Cyril Temple,' answers Fane, with a grave smile. 4 But suppose you had a doubt of Cyril Temple— that he was not what he seemed — that he was a scoundrel — or some thing worse V Fane turns his grave eyes upon his comrade, with just a shade of surprise in them. 4 Doubt has slain some of God's noblest creatures,' be says, sadly. 4 The glorious intellect of the immortal Shakespeare gathered all the forces of its potent power to create a Desderaona, yet doubt, in the person of Othello, cruelly murdered her. Doubt is one of the best or worst aids in the crowded ranks of the principle of evil. It does not kill its victims in fair and open combat, but steals to us, like yonder midnight thief, when we are least prepared. Had I a doubt of my dearest friend, his actions should be JU"S® aQd jury. On these, and these alone, should' he stand or fall with me.' 4 Talbot Fane, give me your hand. You have twice saved my life. What shall I do to prove my gratitude ?' asks Cyril, With eyes that are moist with emotion. , Certes ! Take away that bauble in the shape of a nugget,' cried Talbot, gaily. 4 Although I am no Cromwell, I may he tempted to rid you of your share of it by strangling you on the spot. . 4 How came you to rescue it and your humble servant from the clutches of the foe ?' says Temple. 4 By mere chance only. I lost my way in the Kauri Bange, yonder, and had to wait for the light of the moon to guide me to the camp. When near home, I observed the form of a man emerge from out the bush of ferns and approach the tent. At first I thought it was yourself, but the stealthy way in which fie proceeded convinced me to the contrary. I saw him enter, and, judging that he was after no honest purpose, I eame quickly after him. You know the rest.' That night, when Talbot Fane slept, Cyril rose and did sentry- go. How haggard and worn seemed the face of the sleeper by that faintly- burning light 1 Even in slumber the countenance was full of trouble, yet handsome and noble in every outline. Could anyone, looking upon it, believe it the face of a criminal ? In every line, in every furrrow, could be read only high aims high thoughts — with a dark, unspoken sorrow brooding over all. . CHAPTER III. Barry Blake. plTH IN a month, Talbot Fane and his friend had mu de arrau&e;!nent8 to leave the Valley of the XlvMf p Thames. If ill news flies quickly, so does good p Ijjp news, by the same rule. , Many of the more fortunate seekers after gold vied with each other in the purchase of the claim where a nugget worth six thousand pounds sterling had been discovered. The claim was disposed of for a good sum, and our two diggers prepared to betake themselves to a more civilised state of existence. Both had been surfeited with their nomad life. 4 What a human hive it is,' said Cyril, glancing round at the seething crowd. 4 Toil, toil, toil — without respite, as if gold alone could secure happiness.' 4 And will it not ?' responded Fane, laughing. 4 In this age of buying and selling, cheating and lying, money is the fetish that every one bows down to worship. Tell me what one can do without it? You and I, dear boy, without sous , were compelled to herd with these wretches, some of whom, to my mind, are lower in the scale of humanity than the dumb brutes. To-day the case stands altered. We have thousands at our bankers. Ergo 1 we are lifted out of the Slough of Despond.' Temple shook his head. 4 Cynic,' he cried. 4 A modern Diogenes come to judgment. Was it to procure gold alone that kept you here ?' 4 No 1 Men like me must do something for their soul's sake. The harder the work the better for me ; hence I dread that drifting back again to the butterfly existence which men call the fashionable world.' Temple was about to reply, when he noticed a peculiar look come into the face of his companion. They had been strolling away from the encampment, and now stood on a rising knoll beyond. 4 Do you see yonder men near Halcolm's claim?' questioned Fane. 4 Yes.' 4 The centre of the three is the man who tried to steal your nugget.' Cyril Temple sprang forward. 4 If I could only prove it,' he cried. 4 Stop ! you cannot. We are on the eve of quitting this place for ever. It would be folly to stir up mischief at such a juncture.' 4 What do you mean?' 4 1 mean that to stir a muddy well you only disturb the water. You will meet this man again, where the terms of settlement will be more in your favour than here. Have patience.' It had been decided between them that they should proceed direct to Wellington, and invest part of their capital in a cattle run. Everything was favourable for such a venture. Land was plentiful, and to he had for a song ; water and timber abundant, the price of stock low. __ Within a radius of a hundred miles round the Thames Valley, settlements and stations were very few and far be tween. The nearest route for them to travel would be by the Whiatra River, sixty- three miles to Te Hori. On the eye of their departure, they were sitting talking over these things, and whilom building many an airy castle of the future. Suddenly their conversation was arrested by the shrill, piteous cry of a girl. It came from the direction of a cluster of tents, whose owners did not bear the best repute, and out of which towered a large marquee, known as Jael's Saloon. From this spot a confused hubbub of voices arose on the night. 4 What is the matter yonder, Fane ?' Some fresh row, no doubt,' remarked the other, carelessly. There will be murder done in that den one of these days. I'm glad to get out of this.' The noises, instead of subsiding, increased. There was the sound of loud and angry voices. Then, again, a similar cry the scream of a girl in mortal fear. . That s a woman's voice, Fane,' exclaimed Cyril, hurriedly She needs help, that's certain. Come 1' The pair rose and went out into the darkness. Through eg oom they discerned a slight girlish form rushing towards em. Her long hair was hanging loosely over her shoulders ; her arms extended in front of her. As she drew near, they noticed her eyes dilated with horror. On beholding them, she uttered a cry of joy, quickened her pace, and, throwing herself on her knees before the two, lifted ber clasped hands prayerfully, as she exclaimed in much ex citement — ' Oh 1 save him — save my uncle 1 In mercy, help — help — or they will kill him 1' The young fellows, even in the dim obscurity, saw that the speaker could scarcely be eighteen, while her features were beautiful, and singularly refined for one in that wild com munity. ' Pray be calm,' said Fane, raising her. Do not waste time, my poor girl. Who is your uncle ? How can we help him — tell us quickly 1' He had no need to hasten her. Clinging to his arm, almost unconsciously, her terrified eyes turning from one to the other, she said rapidly — ' My uncle is Barry Blake.' She failed to see the change on her listeners' faces. ' They say he has cheated them out of their money. They are all upon him ; they swear to kill him. He is alone. Oh ! if you be men with hearts — help I help !' Her sweet voice, musical even in its agony, broke into sobs. Fane's broad brow was sternly knit. He had not the least doubt that the saloon-keeper deserved lynching ; nevertheless, it could not, for humanity's sake, be permitted. ' Temple, old fellow,' he ejaculated, ' run — bring up the Yigilance men ; I will do what I can to prevent these fellows carrying out their fiendish work before you arrive. Hasten— lose not a second ; a man's life depends on it. You, my poor girl, follow me.' Not waiting for her, he ran on ; but she, with a fervent ' Heaven bless you !' almost kept pace with him. Every step Fane went, the sounds grew louder, until they took the form of the raised voices of fierce, angry men. Soon he was among the tents, and opposite the largest— the gambling-saloon of Barry Blake. Here a wild scene met his view. More than a dozen diggers, furious with anger, indignation, and drink, were assembled outside of the tent, rending — tearing, it seemed— at something at their midst, the light issuing from the open canvas door of the saloon alone illuminating the crowd. With out hesitation, Fane hurled himself into the fierce mob, which, taken by surprise, let him pass. Reaching the centre of the circle, he saw that his surmise was correct. He had but arrived in time, if, indeed, he was not too late. Almost at his feet lay the wretched saloon- keeper. His clothes were in tatters ; his white, haggard face marked with blood ; his hands were tied behind his back ; a rope was about his neck ; he lay motionless in apparently a fainting condition. ' A pretty place this is,' exclaimed one, who held the other end of the rope j ' there's no convenience at all for lynching a scoundrel 1' ' Lucky for you, mate,' said Fane, stepping forward. ' If the fellow is a scoundrel, there is no need why better men should suffer for his death. Let the law take the respon sibility.' ' Law ? There's no law that will help us. This fellow's been cheating, fleecing us all along. We knew it, and to-night We detected him, and he shall swing.' 'Hang him — hang him I' shouted the rest. 'Are we to toil all day to be robbed by him at night ?' ' Why do you palaver there, Jim ?' called one. ' Up with him 1' They surged like a wave of the sea upon the unfortunate man, hustling Fane ; but firmly he had planted his feet, and stood like a rock. He had rapidly decided it would be wisest to speak to these infuriated men mildly — at least, at first ; but his lips were beginning to tighten — his eyes to kindle. Swiftly now he stooped, with his knife severed the rope, seized the saloon-keeper by the collar, and, by a movement whose success depended on its suddenness, dashed through the crowd. A howl, a shout of fury, arose from the latter. Fane had but time to fling the wretched man behind him, before, with shouts and fierce eyes, they were rushing upon himself. Not a nerve of the young fellow quivered. He stood composed- firm as iron — stern resolve on his handsome face. His arm was extended — a revolver in his hand. 'Hold 1' he exclaimed, in an authoritative tone, which for a moment they obeyed. ' You all kuow me ; I am Talbot Fane, of the Lucky Claim. I am from the old English breed, too, and will not see murder done. I've no sympathy for the fellow ; I daresay you're right in what you say of him. If you think he is worth an honest man's life, take mine, for it's the only way you'll get at him. But this is a six-shooter, and you'll not blame me if I try to defend myself.' The suddenness, the daring of the young fellow's be haviour, for a moment held them at bay from pure astonish ment. There was something singularly commanding in Fane's figure, behind which cowered the saloon-keeper. ' Stand aside,' exclaimed one ; ' you've nothing to do with it.' ' Have I not ? Does not the honour of his country concern every man ? And there are English among you. It is for them and to them I speak. Because we have left old Eng land, are we to turn lawless brutes ? Not if I can prevent it. I call on all who are not lost to shame to side with me.' If his speech had any effect, it was not enough to bring any of the enemy to his side. ' Is this cad going to prate us out of our summary ven geance ?' cried a thick-set ruffian, with a tangled beard, more like a ship's swab than anything else. The moment he spoke, Fane recognised him as the midnight prowler who had attempted to rob his comrade. ' Are we men — to be scared by one chap single-handed ? Down with him !' The order was received with a shout, and the next moment Talbot Fane — who had never intended to use his weapon — was thrown backward by their rush. He fell, and the saloon keeper with him ; but he kept the whole horde at bay for several minutes, until his strength failed. Then a cry arose — ' The police I the police 1' In an instant our hero found himself released, while the diggers prepared for either fight or flight. A chance decided them. One of their companions rushed from the tent. ' Let the skunk go, mates,' he cried, holding up a cashbox. ' Here's his money — or rather ours, for we've been robbed of it. I've lighted a fire to warm him, besides. Gome on.' He dashed away into the night with a triumphant shout, the rest following and scattering in all directions. Barry Blake had fainted. Fane staggered to his feet. As he did so, the help Cyril Temple had sought came running up. ' Too late in one way,' said Fane. ' The rioters have fled. By the way, what has become of the girl ?' ' No need for the question. Ere it was out of Fane's lips, Barry Blake's niece was at his feet, kneeling with all the grace and abandon of youthful beauty, sobbing out in fitful gasps her thanks. While she knelt, there arose a lurid glow near, which lit up the picture. The Fire King was abroad 1 From a tiny flame lit by a candle, the fire rose high, consuming the dry inflammable canvas of the gambling saloon as if it were no more than dried flax. All efforts to stay the progress of the fiery element were utterly useless, for it rested not in its mad career until what had been a gaudy, gilded trap for the vicious and the thoughtless alike, was but a blackened heap of cinders. CHAPTER IV. "nita," . ;WN the cool dawn of the early summer morning Talbot |i Fane and his companion, were preparing for their depar- I ture- Months previously Cyril Temple had received a : II letter of introduction to Major Weldon, a wealthy station- ; holder on the Winbora River, enclosed in a friendly ' letter from one of his relations in England. This letter he had preserved, and now determined to make use of it, as " Pinefalls " — the name of the Major's estate — lay on their route. . The two men had very little to prepare in the shape of luggage, hence, long before the encampment was astir, they had everything ready for a start. Through the good office of a storekeeper they had procured : two strong nags, which stood by, ready saddled. While they sat enjoying some tea, which Cyril had made for their early repast, they were surprised by a loud ' neigh ' from one of their horses, and presently the tall figure of the saloon-keeper's niece stood before them. The stormy events of the previous night had left little i opportunity of noting the personal appearance of this girl but now, with the light of day full upon her, one at least' of the twain who looked at the modest retiring bashful : .figure was surprised at the singular beauty of her features. Cyril Temple, though he had been cradled amongst a clique famed for beautiful women, had never beheld such soft and ! tender violet eyes, such long drooping lashes by which they were fringed, and such a wealth of purely golden hair. Ugly and ill-fitting as were her garments, they could not hide the graceful lines of her form. She stood before them nervously twirling a letter in her slender hand, hor exquisite complexion deepened into a mild rose tint. Both men rose to their feet. < What's the matter ? Pray what can we do for you ?' said Temple, lifting his hat. ' X have brought this note from my uncle,' she answered in a low tone. ' Oh I remarked the young fellow, less civilly, ' it is some thing from him ?' ' And fome, also," she put in. ' If you will only kindly grant his request. Ah ! I shall never be able to thank you. I so so long to leave this terrible place !' ' It is addressed to you, Fane,' said Temple. Talbot opened the note, which he read gravely; then handed it to his partner. It was a humble request from Barry Blake, that, having by chance heard that the friends intended quitting the diggings 'he and his niece might travel in their company. Cyril's face looked stern. ' Upon my word ! Like his impudence,' he reflected, in dignantly, when his eyes rested upon the girl. Her slender figure was slightly inclined, her pink lips apart, her gaze upon him, her expression eloquent of anxious expectancy. He glanced at Fane ; he, too, was watching her with his gentle, melancholy eyes. There was compassion in them. Do you wish this ? ' he asked, kindly. i ?? y?S' y6S ! ' she cricdl eaSGrly- ' I know we have no right to ask you, we owe you so much already, but uncle dare not stay here, lie must go, and,' with a convulsive shudder, I fear the bush — I fear so much.' ' Very good,' said Fane ; Hell your uncle he can ride with us—we consent, not for his, but for your sake. We start in an hour. The girl poured forth her fervent thanks, tears even were in her eyes, then withdrew. . HI did right, Temple ? ' questioned Fane. ' Right ! decidedly,' responded Cyril, with much fervour. ' I thought so.' I read it in your face.' It was still early morning when the party quitted the yalley and entered .the track leading to the great south road, beyond Waiakitia. Violet was mounted on a small but wiry little horse, with plenty of work in him; while her uncle, by her side, bestrode one of such excellent quality that the partners were surprised, 1 Those murderous ruffians, after all, were not so much to be blamed,' whispered Fane. « That fellow must have cheated them consumedly.' ' Let us forget it while we are together,' said Cyril 1 for the niece's sake.' ' Barry Blake soon himself surprised them. Above the . middle height, he wore his clothes and carried himself like a man who had mixed in good society. His features were well- . looking, but their expression, despite the suave smile they assumed, were disagreeable. To those who could read them, they were that of a man who had ' seen life,' had abused it, and lost both honour and all principle in the vortex. He knew London, Paris, and other foreign capitals well, and could talk easy about them. He might have been a pleasant companion, but young as his two listeners were, they knew the world, and revolted against the occasional sly or cynical glance of the dark shadowless eyes, expressing so much, be traying so much, or the chance uttered sentence which would at times slip over the lips of the thin mouth, hidden, as was the heavy animal jaw, by a black beard. It was on the second day of their journey that .bane broke a rather long silence by saying : < Where is this place of Major Weldon's, Pinefalls station you call it don't you ? ' J The .partners had been riding a little in advance of Barry a e and his niece ; but in the still air the clear baritone voice, was distinct, and at the mention of the station the saloon-keeper threw up his head quickly with a startled expression. In an instant he had controlled himself, and was bending down arranging his stirrup, when Temple, turning round, said : r > & . I forgot to say, Mr. Blake, that to-morrow we diverge a little to call at a station where I have friends. Of course, you and your niece can accompany us.' You are very good,' replied the saloon-keeper ; but I am impatient to be at Wairoa, and after to-morrow it will be little more than a day's journey.' 'Are you sure?' Temple's glance wandered to the girl, her eyes were lowered. — Was her face pale ? ' I am certain I should lose much by delay.' Very well, remarked Cyril ; but a vague pain had entered his heart. Could it be that they were never to see Nita again ? . Lliomme propose , Dieu dispose. The morning had dawned more than usually hot ; the sky looked lurid as with coming storm. We had better push on,' said Fane; 'storms in Aus tralia are best avoided.' It was advice to be followed. Temple had been very silent, and more than once had found himself at Nita Blake's rem. He was there, as, some hour or so after noon, they neared the point where the four were to divide. He had fallen into silence, when he was startled by a cry of distress from the young girl. Uncle, Uncle,' she called, dropping her rein, ' help — my head -it swims it — ah ! everything goes from me, I can see nothing,' ' She swayed in her saddle, and Temple was only in time to I prevent her falling by catching her in his arms, where she 1 laid — white, motionless, her eyes closed. ' Great Heaven ! ' he cried. ' Is she dead ? ' ' No,' said Fane, leaning over the slight figure ; ' I pray not — but I fear it is sunstroke. Poor child, what ever can we do — how bring her to and save her in such a place as this ? ' Barry Blake hastened up on seeing his niece lying insen sible in Cyril Temple's arms. His dark, well-looking countenance expressed annoyance as he bent over Nita ; and he made no: effort to interfere as Fane, springing off his horse, took the .poor girl from Cyril and laid her gently -on the grass under, the Bhade of :some- wattle trees. 'It's confoundedly unfortunate,' he commented. 'What' 1 can be the matter with her ? She's never done anything like ' I this before.' I 'I believe it is sunstroke,' said Fane, gravely ; while Cyril, aware of his own agitation, and desirous to conceal it, remained silent. ' No, not that — it can't be that,' ejaculated Blake. ' Imagine sunstroke in this wilderness ; confound it ! what . should we do — or, rather, I do? for I cannot detain you gentlemen.' 'You do not fancy,' burst forth Cyril, his dark, handsome eyes full of indignation, 'that we should go on our way,., leaving your niece thus ? If such were our dispositions, Mr. Blake, 1 fancy the miners might have wreaked their vengeance upon you unobstructed.' ' I beg your pardon,' said the saloon-keeper, deferentially. ' I meant no slight upon your generosity, Mr. Temple. I have had too sure a proof of it ; so sure, that, as a gentleman — for I was a gentleman once' — with a short, not pleasant, laugh — ;.. ' I could hardly expect more at your hands for me — I should say mine.' While speaking — supporting Nita — he placed his hands on her forehead, heart, and wrist. ' It may be, after all, that she has merely fainted from the lieat. If only water was procurable!' He looked around, as the young men .helplessly had done before. Talbot .Fane1 was certain it was no ordinary fainting fit — in fact, that it was sunstroke, and proper remedies should be applied as speedily as possible. ' We cannot be far from Major Weldon's station,' he re marked. ' The best course would be for us to convey the poor girl there as quickly as possible.' At the suggestion, Barry Blake raised his head sharply, then lowered it as he said, decidedly — ' That is impossible 1 I cannot go there — that is, I cannot go out of the road, to- Wiaroa, and you say this — this Pinefalls Station (as you call it, don't you) is much out of it ?' 'Much or no,' ejaculated Cyril, with angry irritation, 'it would be certainly impossible for you to take your niece to Wiaroa as she is ; and I suppose you do not want to wait and see her die here ?' ' What can be your haste to reach Wiaroa?' enquired Fane, regarding the saloon-keeper curiously. ' Had we delayed our departure from the diggings, you would have done the same.' ' That is different,' replied Blake, with an increasing dog- . gedness of tone. ' Having started, I must get on. Why I have to do so is my business.' ' Go,' said Cyril, ' and let us take your niece where she can procure the help she so needs.' ' Are you serious ?' enquired Blake. ' Of course 1' ' Excuse me, but what do I or you know of this station ? A sick girl might be no welcome guest. Again, is it likely I would leave my niece alone with two gentlemen whom — whom I may never see again V 'It occurs to me,' exclaimed Fane, 'that while you talk .. your niece will die.. . See ! the poor girl is becoming, I fear,, delirious.' It' seemed so ; the small head began to roll on Blake's arms, and sighs- — sometimes ' murmured sentences — to issue - from the pale lips. ' Good heavens ! man,' cried Cyril, losing patience, ' have you no love for your niece that you can see her suffer, and refuse to take her where she may procure assistance ? WhaV people with any heart would not give it ?' ' :.' Talbot Fane's countenance betrayed an increasing deter mination to put Blake aside, and act as he himself thought i best for Nita ; while the saloon-keeper himself appeared per- , ; plex'ed at this new phase of his niece's indisposition. How- ; matters' would have ended there is no telling, had not the'; : three at that instant caught the dull beat of horses' hoofs ' upon the turf. A few seconds proved they were advancing forwards them ; also, that there were two animals — one that? struck the ground quickly and sharply, the other heavy and : duU. ' Thank heaven ! someone is : coming,' exclaimed Cyril. ' -They may, at least, give us assistance or advice. There may ! be nearer dwellings than we know of.' r ! To. be Continued. On Parade. — " It is really wonderful to see how well the men keep step." He : " Bah, that is nothing I When I was a soldier I used to keep step better than all the rest put together I " Interviewing Competition. — Two reporters were boasting to each other of their several merits as to zeal and enterprise. — " A proof," said the one, " that I was the first to interview the new minister, is that he was still in bed when I spoke with him." "Beg your pardon," answered his rival, " when I spoke to him he was still asleep." As the coach was about starting before breakfast, a modest limb of the law approached the landlady, a pretty Quakeress, who was near the fire, and said he could not think of going without giving her a kiss. " Friend," said she, " thee must not do it." " Oh, by Jove, I will though 1 " replied the barrister. " Well friend, as thou haBt sworn, thee may do it, but thee must not make a practice of it." Punctuality. — The punctuality of Washington is proverbial. It is said of George III. that an appointment was never ahead of him — of Nelson, that one always found "him in waiting ; and with Admiral Napier, punctuality was a cardinal virtue. It may seem of little moment to be punctual ; but " our life is made up of little things," Our attention to them is the index of our character, often the scales by which it is weighed. Punctuality requires no undue exertion, and its influence is a most salutary one. Its cultivation seems the most important as we witness the deleteriousnesss of dilatoriness in habit, the evil effect of which none can deny. " Better late than never," translated into " Better never late," is an excellent maxim. Husbandly Advice. — Wife : " That is really too bad of Lina I She dawdles every day over her work till late at night ; but on Sundays when she goes out she has finished by three o'clock." Husband : " Well, then, let her go out every day ! " " Now, Johnnie," said the teacher, " if your father borrows £100 and promises to pay £10 a week, how much will he owe in seven weeks?" "One hundred pounds," said Johnnie. I'm afraid you don't know your lessons very well," remarked the teacher, " I may not know my lessons very well," Johnnie, frankly remarked, " but I know my father." When is it advisable that a woman should go into the timber- trade ? When she pines for her lover, who is a spruce young man, and of whom she thinks a great deal. : AN old man, on being asked how he had lived to attain so great an age, replied, " When I could sit I never stood, I married late, was soon a widower, and never married again." When Love is Blind. — " Uncle," said a sweet girl of sixteen, ' is love blind ? " " Yes, my dear, when the other party is rich," answered he. " It is really very odd, my dear 1 " said an old lady one very hot day to her friend, " I can't bear the heat in summer, and in winter I love it." AN Iowa editor wrote an obituary on one of his subscribers, at the request of his widow, in which he inadvertently spoke of the de ceased having gone to a " far happier home." And the fastidious mourner was angry. Lady : " Why did you leave your last place? " Servant: " Well, you see, mum, I had to pay for all my breakages, and as they came to more than my wages, yer see, mum, it was a kind of impogission that I couldn't stand." " Abe your domestic relations agreeable ? " was the question put to an unhappy-lookiDg specimen of humanity. " Oh, my domestic relations are all right," was the reply ; " it is my wife's relations that are causing all the trouble." A French investigator has discovered that the character of a person's dream depends in a great measure on which side the sleeper lies. The dreams of a lawyer, then, who habitually lies on both sides, must be very much mixed. Time waits for no man. The tied is bound to wait. Alexander Dumas pare was one day asked by a friend to con tribute lOf for the funeral of a bailiff who had died in destitute oircumstances. "What," exclaimed the great novelist; lOf for burying a bailiff 1 Here are lOOf — bury 10 bailiffs I " Host : " Now, that wine cost me a guinea nearly twenty years ago. Now, apart from the prime cost, look what the yearly interest on it comes to." Guest : " Well, let's have another bottle, and get rid of the interest on that, at all events." It must be quite a relief to the residents of Llantairpwllgwyngy; llgertrobwllgerchwyrnbllgogerbwllzanttysiliogogogoch, the village in Wales that has the longest name in the world, to know that it should be properly written Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrob wlityssiliogogogoch, needing only 55 instead of 71 letters. " It's a great comfort to be left alone," said an Irish lover, " especially when your sweetheart is wid ye." When Sir John Douglas, who was a great favourite with the populace, was contesting Glasgow, a dog began to bark at one of his meetings. A voice in the crowd shouted out : " Hey,; Jock, is that your dog ? " To which came the witty rejoinder, which set the house in a roar : " No, Bir ; I'm doug-less ! " In another contest, a certain member, being questioned by one of the " black squad," as to what taxes he would take off, settled his questioner, to the great amusement of the audience, by declaring : " There is one tax I intend to take off for your special benefit, and that is the soap tax." One more to conclude with. A sporting member of Parliament, who knew more about the racecourse than the Senate, was asked, out of pure mischief, by one of his constituents, if he would vote for the abolition of the Decalogue. In vain the questioned one tried to solve in his mind what the object referred to was, as to him the Decalogue might be anything from a regium donmn grant to a settlement in the Straits of Malacca ; but failing in this, and in order to sustain his own consistency, he replied : " I won't pledge myself, but I'll give it my consideration." A Tbue Joubnalist. — It was the new reporter who had come in, covered with perspiration and dust, as the last forms went down to the press. "Did it take all day to do that Park Water Works detail ? " snarled the city editor. " S-s-h ! speak low,1' whispered the new ' special ' in the C.E's ear. " Got on to an A1 suicide in Park— defalcation probably." " Great Caesar ! and we've gone to press," gasped the editor. " The afternoon papers will get a beat on us to-morrow." " Not much 1 " chuckled the reporter. " I knew I couldn't get here in time for the last edition, so I just queered the find." " What do you mean ?" Why, I dragged the body into the bushes and covered it up with grass and things. A bloodhound couldn't find it. To-morrow we develop the claim and give them a -two column sensation." With tears in his eyes the city editor arose and fell on his subordinate's neck. "You are an honour to your profession," he sobbed. "I'll see that your salary is increased' to 2dols. a month. I will, by jingo." — Frisco Chronicle. Some Eastern poetess asks the conundrum : " Oh, where does beauty linger ? " Our office hours are 8 to 6. — Peak's Sun. A Strong Race. — A correspondent writes that the Afghans eat onions as the Americans do apples, Our readers will therefore at once understand the cause of the recent attack by the Russians. They were obliged to use their guns to keep the Afghans from com ing within hailing distance. And now we can easily believe Col. Marvin's statement that the Afghanistans are a strong race and long- winded, They never get out of breath, — Nem York Tribune. Knows the Brand. — A dog which can pick out cattle with his owner's brand upon them is the admiration of a Montana town.— San Francisco Bulletin. 