THE MAYOR OF CASTERBRiDCE. By THOMAS HABDY. Acmon of "Fab From Tire Madding Chowb," " A Path of Blue Eyes,-' &o; Chatter XH. — Heschard'b Confession/ un entering ms own door, alter watching his wife but of sight, the mayor walked ou through the tunnel-shaped pnsssgo into the garden, and llienco by tlio side door towards the stores and granaries. A light shone from theoffice window, and, there being no blind to screen the interior, Henchard could see Donald Farfrae still seated where he lind loft hub, initiating himself into tho managerial work of the house by overhaul ing the hooks. Honchard entered, merely observing, " Don t let. me interrupt ye, if yo will stay so late." . He stood behind Farfrao's chair, watching his dexterity iu clearing up the numerical fogs which had been allowed to grow so thick iu Heuchard's hooks, us almost ' to baffle even the Scotchman's perspicacity, The cornfactor's mien was half admiring, and yet , it was not without a dash of pity for the tastes of any one who could euro to give his inind to such fiunikiu details. Hencliard himself was mentally and physically unfit for grubbing subtleties from soiled paper; he had iu a modern senso re ceived tho education of Achilles, and found pen manship a tantalising art. " You shall do no more to-night," he said, at length, spreading his great hand over the paper. " There's time enough to- morrow. Conic in doors with mo and have some supper. Now you sholl ! I am determined on't." He shut the acconnt books with friendly force. Donald had wished to got to his lodgings ; but he already saw that his friend and employer was a man who knew no moderation in liis re quests and impulses, and ho yielded gracefully. He liked Hencliard's warmth, oven if it incon venienced him; tlio great difference in their characters adding, to' (lio likiug. They locked up the office, and the young man followed his companion through tlio private little door which, admitting directly into Hen- chard's garden, permitted a passage from the utilitarian to tho beautiful at one step. The ?ardon was silent, dewy, and full of perfume, t extended a long way back from the house, first as lawn, and flower beds, then as fruit garden, whero the long tied espaliers, as old as the old house itself, had grown so stout, and cramped, and gnarled that they had pulled tlieir stakes out of tho ground," and stood distorted and writhing in vCgetablo agony, like woody Laocoons. ' Tlio flowers which smelt sb sweetly were not discernible ; end they passed through them into tlio house. Tho hospitalities . of the morning wcro re pealed, and when they were OYer Hencliard said, "Pull your chair round to tho. fireplace, my dear fellow, and let's make a blaze— there's nothing I hate like a black grate, even in Sep tember. He applied a light to tho laid in fuel, and a cheerful radiance spread around. " It is odd," said Hencliard, " that two men should meet as we have dono on a purely busi ness ground, and that at tlio end of tho first day I should ' wish to speak to 'eo on a family matter. Bat, d it all, I am a lonely man, Farfrae ; I have nobody clso to speak to ; and why should't I tell it to you ?" " I'll bo glad to hear it, if I can be of any service," said Donald, allowingliis oyeB to travel over tho intricnie good carvings of the' chimney piece, representing garlanded lyres, shields and quivers, on either side of a draped ox skull, and flanked by heads of Apollo and Diana in low relief. " I've not been alwnys what I am now " continued Ilcnchsnl, his firm, deep voico being ever so little fliaken. " I began life as a work- ing liay frusser, ana when I was eighteen I married on the strength o' my cnlling. Would you think me a mnrried man ?" "I board in the town that you wero a widower." " Ah, yes— you would naturally have heard that. Well, I lost my wife eighteen years co —by my own fault This is how "it camo about. Ono summer evening I was travelling for employment and she was walk ings! my side carrying the baby, our ouly child. W e came to a booth in a country fair. I was a drinking nian at that tinio." Hencliard paused a moment, threw himself back so that his elbow rested on tho table, his forehead being shaded by his hand, which, how- l'obllnhwl by special arrangements with the author, all lights reserved. ever, did not hido tho marks of introspective inflexibility ou his features as ho narrated in fullest detail the incideuts of the transaction with the sailor, Tho tinge of indifference which had at at first becu visible iu tho Scotchman now disappeared. Hencliard went on to describe his attempts io find his wife ; tho oath ho swore ; tho solitary life ho led during fho years which followed. ' I lmvo kept my oath for eighteen years, he wenton; "I havo risen to what you seo mo now." " And it's not a small counterbalance to tho immoral years that yo'vo done eo much since I "Weil — no wife couhl I hear of in all that timo ; aud being by nature something of a woman-hater, I have found it no hardship to keep at a distance from tho sex. No wife could I hear of, I say, till tliis very day. 'And now —she has como hack," " Come hack, has she I' , " This morning — this very morning. Aud what's to be done ?" " Can't ye take her and live with licr,' aud so make amends ?" "That's what I've planned and proposed. But Farfrnc," said Henchard, with desperate awkwardness. " I'm in a fix, a devil of a fix, all the samo. For there's more behind." .. " And how's that ?" " There's another woman in tlio case ; and, by.no fault of anybody's, there will bo a great wrong done hor.' - " Ye don't say that ?" " Just hear for.yonrsclf,. For many years it has been my custom to run across to Jersey in the wayof business,' particularly in tho_ potato season. I do a large trade with them in that lino. Well, this summer I was there, and met with an accident. I fell oat of a boat in the harbor and struck my head iu foiling. If some body had not helped.ino instantly I should have been drowned. An account of it was in our local newspaper attlic time." "Indeed. Audit's all haphazard in this life 1" . " Bat ilio account was not complete. Tho person who saved me was a woman— a mer chant's daughter— a . womau who — God kuows wuy, lor- A nover gave, ncr- cucuuriigcmuut i — who has had1 a foolish liking for mo more than li ve; years ; , over, since I first. knew . her from going over there to deal with her fathor. So when I found that 1 owed my life to her, iu a moment of gralitudo and excitement I offered to marry her. I did.marry her— I married her at St. Hcliers a fortnight ago. Threo days after I camo home licrq to get the house ready for her, and await, her coming. But, from the moment I lauded, I felt 1 had acted rashly. It was not that I.drenmcd of Snsau living, but I felt I ; did not care for this young woman, much as sho might liko me. Odd as it may seem. to you, I've always liked Snsan in my heart, ; aud like her ; best now. Well, now Susan had returned to life, mid you begin to see the color o't ; for the other is coming by the packet to- mcrrow night." Hencliard s voico grew brokculy indicative of passionate revolt against eighteen years of caution. . I've compromised myself by actiug a fortnight too soonl" . ' Donald showed his concern by an exclama tion. . "Now seo what misery a man may lay up for himself !. Even after thai wrong doing at the 'fair when I was, a ,'yonug man, if, I had nevertaken Uiat false' step at Jersey; all might now ho well. ' For don't you suppose I com plain of losing the . younger and handsomer woman I last married, though she's of , a good old family, if poor; and she's, a good scholar, and well bred. I do no sucli thing ; I wil- liugly bear all that ; I had little wish for her; hut I complain of tho trickery of things, whereby a ; erfcctly fair course is mhdo im possible. I must injure one of them, ami it is the second. Honor where honor is due — my first duty is to Susan— there's no doubt about that." . " "It is very molauchoiy and difficult," mur mured Donald, almost appalled ac a complica tion so far beyond tho degree of his simple ex perience, " For 'myself I don't care d d— - ; miscrablo or happy I can bear it. . 'Twill all end oneway. But these two women." Honchard jiau'sed in" a reverie for a moment.' " I fool I should likoto treat thorn as honestly as a ' man can in such a case." Ho absently sketched an; imaginary diagram with his forefinger on tho lnppel of Farfrao's coat. ' "Ye must give, up the younger 'one, sir; and since tjibt's the case you must write ant stop her coming." : " A letter cannot reach her by post before she haii started. No— sombbody must moot her, and let her know all ; so that she may go back by ihe packet which returns as soon as tho other arrives! Now I feel I ought not to see her and the question is,' will you do .mctho goot turn of going for mo?" . . i' Yes— I will," said Farfrae, after a moment's thought. ' : ' "You aro a good 'fellow.' Tako a hotothnt's all yon need do — leavo the rest to her!" ; " Very well. Did y o ever tell b'or tho other wife's history ?" / : " Every woid except tho sale. Oh, yes, Farfrae, I wouldn't have married again without letting tho woman' know that I had no' proof of Susan's death. But yon'enn hardly think how far wo wero from expecting this," Eighteen years of silence— who'd havo thought it I" Farfrae seemed much relieved to hear that Hencliard had acted openly towards tho unfor tunate second woman; it rehabilitated him'ln his good opinion at once/ " Ah, well,' it can- not bo helped I" bo said with philosophic woefuluess. " In jreur letter you must put it plain and honest that it turns out slio is not your wifo, tho first having come back ; so yo . cannot see her; and that it would bo wiso in her to keep what has happened a secret be tween you for her own sake ; and that yo wish her weel." " That won't do— dammy, I must do a littlo mora thau that — I must, though she did always brug about her rich undo, aud bow much he could leave her — settle something upon her I suppose — just as a littlo restitution, poor gi'rl . . . Will yo draw up a bit of a form for mo to that effect. I'm 60 bad at letters." "I will." Luckily, owing to tho recent death of her parent, 6he insisted upon tho wedding boing quiet ; and now she profits by her modesty ' "Perhaps she thought 'If I keep it dark and his other wife comes hack, I'll return to Jersey and bo none the worsoa maid foranothor husbaud' ? ''No, no," said Henchard, peremptorily. " She's not that sort o' body at all ; more of a gushing, thoughtless nature. Howovor, that's what I must do. Wcll-uow I haven't told yo all. My wife Susan has my daughter with her tlio baby that was iu her arms at the fair ; and this girl knows nothing of ino beyond that I ain somo sort of relation by marriage. Sho lias grown up iu tho belief that the 6nilor to whom I inado over iier mother, and who is now dead, was her father, aud her mother's husbaud. What her mother has always felt, sho and I together feel now — that wo can't proclaim our disgrace to tlio girl by lotting her know tho truth. Now, what would you do — I want yourudvice?" " I think I'd run tho risk, and tell licr tho truth. She'll forgivo yo both." "Never!" said Henchard. "I am not going io let her know tho truth. Her mother and I aro going to marry again ; and it will uot only ouablo us to retain our child's respect, hut it will bo more proper. Susan looks upon herself as tho sailor's , widow, aud won't think of living with mo as formerly without nuolhcr religious cproraony— and sho s right." Thus tho ovcuiug ended, and tlio next day atdnsksaw Farfrao trotting on horseback up tho Budmouth-rond, hearing in his pocket a letter in Hencliard's handwriting addressed, " Sirs. Honchard, Jersey packet boat." It containoil a fair statement of what had hnpponed; and ho had enjoined Farfrao to deliver it into her hands beforo sho landod, by hoarding the packet with tho officer of cus-. toms. l'hcu, when sho had read it, to see heron bonrd tho return boat and come away. A written promise to pay her a good round sum as consolation inonoy was also to be given, this being Hencliard's rough way, indeed only way, of making nmouds. The young man sped along tho hard smooth road towards the coast. About half way ho passed tho top of a ridge which formed a kind of girdle enclosing the rural districts of tho country irom muso aiiuruivaiu. n. sentiment in tho landscape followed ; there was a change iu the siuell of tho air from field and fruit and mellow mist to a raw discomfort ing breeze. Tlio cosiness of tho iuland country had gone. In about forty minutes Farfrae stood on tho quay in Bndmouth harbor. Th'o boat was fairly punctual. Farfrae immediately went on board. There was only ono lady. pnssenger, and sho was too ill to see him just then. " Toll her I have a letter from — her husband," said Farfrao, carefully avoiding to mention namos, . both on her account and Heuchard's. " And I slwuld like to delivei it into. her own hands." The stewardess came back with, the message that still tho lady could not see him for an hour, hciug in a disarranged state owing to the breezy passage ; but that she Would receive the letter, if such wore his instructions. Farfrao there, upon descended to the cabin entrance, and in a moment or two a white hand and nrm were stretched out from behind a tod enrtnin that hung across .the /doorway. Ho, murmured " Mrs. "Hencliard ?" .Tho owner of the'hand said "Yes,": aud ho placed the letter within her fingers, which were quickly withdrawn. ' . In half an hour he ngaiu sought tho boat, to lend his assistance in shiftiiig'thc nnfortnnnto young lady to: the returning vessel. But, sho had already gone there. .Farfrao, to -tell the truth, though pitying lier, was' somewhat to.- licvod . that- ilia letter liail done its work, so smoothly and promptly ; tind he lost no time in mounting for liis homeward ride. '» . Hchchurd awaited him like a statue under tho third tree of th'o avenue ; for it was now past midnight, and no idlers remained on the roads., "Well?" said the comfactor,- . „ ... V. ./' "It is done — exactly as you said," replied the Scotchman ; and he explained particulars. Hencliard was thoughtful. " Can it- bb that it will go off so well !" ho said. " Poor tiling— God knows ! Now then, to niako amends to Susan !" .! .', CiiAFTEa XITI.— Tire' Ghost. . The cottago which Michael liouciinrd hired for his wifo Susan, under licr: name of Nowson — ia pursunnco of their plan — was iu tho upper or western part of. the town, near the wall, and the avenue which overshadowed it. The even ing sun seemed to sliino more ycllowly there than any where else this autumn— stretching its rays, us ihe hour grow later, under tlio lowest sycamore houghs, and stooping tlio grouud floor of tho dwelling, with its' green shutters, in a' substrutuin'of radiance which did uot roach.t lie upper parts. Beneath these sycamores ou tlio town walls could be seen from the sittingroom tlio tumuli and carlh forts of tho distant up lands; making -it altogether a: pleasant spot, with the usual .touch' of melancholy that a western prospect lends. ; : As soon as the mother and daughter wero comfortably installed Henchard i paid them : a visit, nud remained to tea, during which enter tainment Elizabeth -Jane' was carofully hood winked by tho veiy general tone of: the conver sation that : prevailed— a proceeding which seemed to afford Bomo humor to Hencliard, though his wife was not particularly happy in it. The visit- was repented again and again with business liko determination by the mayor, who seemed to havo schooled himself into a course, of strict mechanical lightness towards this woman of prior, claim, at nny expanse to the Inter one, and to liis own seutiments. Ono aftornoon tho daughter was not indoors when Henchard camo, and ho said drily, " This is n vory good opportunity for mo to ask you to narao the liappy day, Susan, ' Tho poor woman ainiled faintly ; sho did not enjoy pleasantries on a situation into which she had entcrod solely for tho sake of her girl's re putation. She Jikod thorn so littlo, indeed, that there was room for wonder why she had coun tenanced the deception ut nil, aud had not bravely let the girl know lier history. Bat tho flesh is weak ; aud llio true explanation camo in due course. " 0!i Michael," sho said, "I am afraid ail ibis ia taking up your timo and giving (ronolo — when I did not expect any such thing 1" And she looked at him and at his dress as a man of affluence, and at tlio furnituro lie hud provided for tho room — ornaio and lavish to lier oyes. "Not at all," said Hcuchard, in rough be nignity. " T!ii3 is only a cottago— it costs mo next to nothing. And as to taking up my timo" — liore his rod nud black visage kindled with satisfaction— " I'vo a splendid fellow to superintend mv business now — a man whose liko I'vo never been able to lay bands ou beforo. I shall soon he able to leave everything to him, and havo moro timo to call my own thau I'vo had for these last twenty years." Honchard's visits hero grow so froquont and so regular that it soou bccamo whispered, aud thon opouly discussed, iuCastorbridga, that tho masterful, coerclvo mayor of the town was cap tured and oncrvatod by tlio goutcol widow, Mrs. Nowson. His well known haughty indifference to tho society of womankind, his silent avoid ance of couvcrso Willi tho sox, contributed a piqunucy to what would otberwiso have been nn unromuulic matter enough. That such a poor fragilo woman should bo his choice was inexplic able, cxcopt on the ground that tho engage ment was a family affair iu which sentimental passion had uo place ; for it was known that thoy wcro related iu some way. Mrs. Hencliard was so pale that the boys callod licr " The Ghost." Sometimes Hcuchard ovorheard this epithet wliou they passed together along the Walks— as tho avenues on the walls wero named at which his face would darken with nu expression of dcstractivoncss towards the speakers ominous to seo ; but ho iuvariuhly said nothing. He pressed on tho preparations for liis union, or rather reunion, with this palo creature in a dogged unfliucbing spirit which did credit to liis conscientiousness. Nobody would have cou- ceivcd from his outward demeanor that thero was no amatory firoorpuiso of rotnanco uctin» as stimulant to tlio bustle goiugou in his gauu great house ; nothing but threo large resolves ; ono to mako amends to his fioglectcd Susan, another to provide a comfortable homo for Elizabeth Jane under his paternal eye ; anil a third to castigate himself with tlio thorns which theso rcstitutory acts brought in their train; among tliem the lowering of lus dignity in luhlic opinion by marrying so comparatively nimblo a woman. Susan Honchard entered a carriage for fho first time iu licr lifo when sho stepped into the plain brougham which drew up at the door on the wedding day to take her and Elizabeth Jane to church. It was a windless morning of warm November rain, which floated down liko meal, UUU AAA u UVIIUbt n/nu vil IUW llAp Ul MIILS and coats. Few people had gathered round the church door, though thoy wero well packed within. The Scotchman, who assisted as groomsman, was of course tho only one present, hoyond tho chief actors, who knew the (me situation of tho contracting parties. He, howover, was too inexperienced, too thought ful, too judicial, too strongly conscious of the serious side of fho business to cuter into the scene in its dramatic aspect That required the special genius of Christopher Coney, Solo mon Longways, Buzzford, and their fellows. But they knew nothing of the secret ; though as the time for coming out of church drew on they gathered on the pavement adjoining, and expounded tho. subject according to their lights. . " "i'is five-and-forty. yoarssiuce I had my settlement in this here town, " said Coney ; " but diizo mo if ever I see n iuan wait so long beforo to take'so' littlo I ' There's a chance oven for theo after this, Nance Mockridge." The re mark was addressed to a woman who stood be hind liis shoulder — the same who had exhibited Hencliard's bad bread in public wlicu Elizabeth and her mother entered Casterbridge. Be cust if I'd inarry any such as he, or theo either," replied that lady. "As for thee, Christopher, wo -know what yo ho, aud ihe loss said the better. And as for he— well, there — (lowering ' her voice) 'tis said 'a was a poor parish 'prentice — I wouldn't say it for all tho world — but 'a was a poor parish 'prentice, that began life wi' no more belonging to 'en than a carrion crow." : "And now bo's- worth over so much a minuto," murmured Longways. " When a man is said to ho worth'so and so a minute he's n man to bo considorcd." . Turning, ho saw a circular disc reticulated with creases, aud recognised the smiling countenance of tho fat womau who had asked for another song at ihe Kiug of Prussia. ." Woll, Motlior Caxsom," he said, ." how's this ? Here's Sirs Ncwson, a mere skoilinton, has got another hnsband to keop her, while a woman of your tonnage havo not." "I havo not. Not another to ctiss me. . . . All, yes, Cuxsom's gone, and so shall leather breeches 1" . " Yes ; with the blessing of God leather breeches shall go."" ' ' . " "JPisn't wortli my old whilo to thiuk of another husband," continued' Mrs. Cuxsotn. " And yet I'll lay my 'lifo I'm as respectable born as she." . . ...... " True ; your mother was a very good woman —I can mind her. She were rewarded by tho Agricultural Socioty for having tho greniost Dumber of healthy children without parish assistiraco " ii "xWBs that that kept us so low upon ground —that great family." " Ay, Where tlio pigs ho many tlio wash runs thin." " And dostn't mind how mother would sing, Christopher?" continued Mrs. Cuxsom, kind ling at tho retrospection ; " and how wo went with her to the party at Mellstock, do yo mind — at old Damo Ledlow's, farmer Penny's sister — sho wo uso to call Toad's Armpit, because 'a were so yaller and freckled, do yo mind?" ."I'doj hoe hoe, I dot" said Christopher Coney. - " "And well do I— for I was getting up husband high at that time — ono half maid, and t other half woman as one may siy. And canst mind" — sho prodded Solomon's shoulder blade with her fiDger whilo her oyos twinkled between tho crevices of their' lids — "cans't mind tho sherry wino| and the silver snuffers, aud how Joan Duinmctt was took-bud when we were coming home, and Jack Griggs was forced to curry her through tho mud ; aud how 'a lot her fall in dairyman Swcetapplo's cow barton, and wo bad to clauo her gown wi' grass — never such a mess as 'a were in?" " Ay — that I do — such doggery as there was in them ancient days to bo sure 1 All, the miles I used to walk then ; aud now I CM hardly step over a sixpence 1" . Tlmit roiniuisoencos wcro cut short by the appearance of the re-unitod , pair — Henchard looking round upon tho idlers with that ambiguous gazo of his, which at ono moment seemed to mean satisfaction, and ut another fiory disdain. " Well — thoro's a differenco between era, though he do call himsolf a teetotaller,' said Nanco Mockridge. "She'll wish her cake dough atore sho'e dono of him. There s a bluoueordy look about en ; and 'twill out in timo." , " Stuff— ho's wol! onough. Some folk want thoir luck buttered. If I had a choice as wide as the ocean sea I wouldn't wish 'ot ® better man. A poor twaukiiig woman like her — her skin hanging upon her like a eliittorling upon a turning 6tick — 'tis a godsend tor her, and hardly a night-rail to her name." . Tho plain littlo brougham drovo off id mist, and the idlers dispersed. "Well, wo hardly know how to look at things in these times I ' said Solomon. " There was a ma dropped down dead yesterday, not so very n,Buj- miles from licro ; and what wi' that, anil this moist weather, 'tis scarce worth oue's while to begin any work of conseqiteuce to-tlny, I'm in such a low key with drinking nothing but small tablo uineponny this last week or two that I shall call and warm up at the proosliia ns I pass along." < I don't know but that I may as well go with 'co, Solomon," said Conoy; "I'm as clammy as a cockle-snail." 