THEY SAY. " A Connecticut man w&s; divorced one day and married tlio next, Tho greater the danger the greater the fascination it has for somo men.- A young married man. of Geclong gazed at his mother-in-law's two trunks in the hall and remarked sadly, "Sho has brought hor clothes to n visit ; would that she had brought her visit to a close 1" ' . ' It has come to. that when a Iscw Yo:h functionary is lato at dinuer, his . wifo sayu to one-of tho children : "Rundown town and Crd tho number of your father's coll." — r ; "I only took it as a joke," said a pr sorer who was arraigned at tho City 'Ginirt tho ( tier . day for stealing nn overcoat." 'How for did you. carry it?" asked the justice. "Only to Hotham, j .your Honor," "That was carrying the joko toOj far. You'll stand committed, " said tho juago. Tliat a man never realizes howinsignifiant ho is until, ho attempts to describe to his wife tho; dress worn by another lady. That tho reason that a lady likes to wear tight gloves is because it makes it seem as though somebody was squeezing hor lmnd. j , "What is sweeter thau to lmvo a friend you can trust?" asked tho poet. "To have a friend tliat will trust you, " replied the editor. "It doesn't tako mo long to make up iny mind, I can tell you," said a concited fop. "It's always so where tlio stock of material to mnko' ' up is small,'" quietly remarked a young lady. \- Tho railroad companies want to lay their tracks with hardened sleepers. One of tlio New Zealand ministers snys that his congrega tion has material enough to set up a whole parallel road. Gray — You aro looking Very sour thi morning, Green." Green— "I'm fooling vera bad, very bad, indeed. You eoo I forgot myself last night, was out with tho boys and! diunk too much and lost." Gray— "Good! gracious I You didn't lose your wallet, did you? 41 Green—" No, but I'm afraid I lost my obaracter..- 'Gray-r"Pahnw I Don't bo downcast about that: It ti'nt as bad as if you had lost eomothing . valuable." -Advioe on tho iubjeot of ghost+Mlng given by aiuurdoncd sceptic to a young friend— ,lMy) orlxiy, .it ft gh ort oomts in nt the door, take a pirtol; it ho oomos up through the floor, tako ftpUh'?, 