S \M"SILCEESTER; AN AUSTRALIAN STORY,~ NORIMAN WAKEFIELD., COn PTrn III. Hinn Tiucs. For a cousildemble time after the arrival of the family in Melbourne, ilche.t r " pere" was unable to do i:t:ythingi by way of providing a liveli hioel' for thosie dfepidilent o:i hiji. ViWhile on the di .gings his a:x' ety to .get a fairly coiifort:,le hole hlll belinl so great tha hlie had worked ihimelf ahii?o;t to dcith. At times it seemedad as h hough the gods had at hast smiled of him, and he found himself with his head and shoulders just above water, but only to :gain sutir dlisappointment by being again subo:uerged bhalieath the waves of trouble whihli were theni, and whlicth alwa'ys ,will lie, sweeping thirou?? the- lau:id. ?iaily' nuln around him seemed to be doing well; by sosme lle ils or other they never seemed to be where the surges broke angrily. It seelmed as though oil were cast on tlhe troubled waters only in places, a:id in these places mlel could keg p afloat easily ; and though the ilo .ester family appeared frequently as it they were about to glide into smooth water, it always happened that a treacherous an:d heavy wave carried theml back into the surf, which at times tlire.tened to submerge theml to such ia depth that they would never again appear on the surface. They had just sufilrel a terrible rebutff when the bIelvo!leut teamster came alou :t;id lent a helping lrind, and from tint moment hope was :again arousel. Melbourne was: at that time assuming someni importance. The great influx of peop1le from all parts of thlle worl to Victoria hIad caused the nietropolis to b?ecome a soi.:whlat brisk place, 1anld Ii:ltters generally were so brisk that employment was easily ob tained, but in most cases it had to be sought. As the teamster neared Mclbourne lhe began to wonder what lie would itd with his passecgers. The :nul was certainly unfit to work for his family, lihe thought; lie knew they had no MIoney, aid what they were to do if he just dropped themn down in the street he knew not. He was turning this ma:tter over in his minid as lie stood on tilhe shafts of his waggo:n, now anu then calling out to " Blossom," one of his leaders, and meanwhile, fastening a new pice; of whipcord to the tail of his whip. At last, as if hlie had solved the problem, lie bgu'n .to whistle, n1id giving his whip a twirl, lie ilmade it. clack just behind " Blossom's" eatl, anl act which caused " Blossom" to stand into the collr iiad tighten up her trlces a little.- He tmhei turned roundl and addressed Mrs Silchester in his blunt style with, " Well, inissis, we're nigh town now. not more'n about ten miilesioff it, all' wos just i woiuleriln' what ye're a- oil' to do with that sick i,ums and theni three young uns when you get there." " All sir," she replied, "I do not wi.sh to appear ungrateful to you for the kindness you have shown us, but I have wondered, to-day, whether we :mightj.not as well .have stayed where you found us, as come elsewhere to starve." " Tut, missis, you mustn't talk of starvin'. It's a rum sort of country is this, but nobody need talk of staruvin' in it altogether. It isi't much as I can do for you, but since I began a fussin'" rounfi, anl' a-offerii"' my . ser vices, I might as well go oni an: ' do wlutst I c:an. I kitoao a n?in in Mel bonrine who has built more housea thanl what lie can live ill himself at the one time, ill fact, lihe built about twenty on 'em. He's a ru:n bld stick, ah,"doii't I know him. i He were a lmate of mine on the diggin's seven year ago. We'd use to have some roughlltimes then, too,:I tell you. Scotty, we used to chll lim, and a real old scotty lie were too when lhe got wild:, OU:e time'we were on the tramp. andii we ad to live two days oil lhlf-a-stick of .'bac? . We hali owt. else.to cat; Scotty vows0ed then that is .sooni as lie could get a few ounces of gold in his clutches he'd leave the diggin's to those who liked it lietter. Well, at last our luck turned, and swe struck, a.,good patch at the !,lac-k Hillt,?'d ims three weeks we had seven hundred poundss_wortll of gold apiee. We then ecleired out its soon as tllii~g balal to look a little slack like, an' we couldn't get more'n about six 1"iiinweights to tie dish, ant' I bought a. team nan' began cmniryin' stores--it doesn'ti pay so quick .s good pitches o the metal, but it liys mlore re, lar. Scotty, my mate, he didnt understand ,liuclh about hIorses, so Ile speculated in sometliibi. tha:t couldn't kick liim nior Irun away with him--lhe iveiit in for somle land, and begau to put houses oii it. People laughed at him iat thirsat, but they. dlon't laugh at hiii iio~, for hl'is got a lot'on 'em nos, •i li-has niotling to do but to go round on.a Mondiy an' gather up his rencts. He's a slm-rp 'un on· the ' siiler,' as lhe calls it; hut, still, if lie his ni empty cabin aiivwlere in the colo.i he'lll.I you.. have.it.. a week or two without bothlierili for reit if I ask himi, .nudf Rlobert hadl listened to tile team sterls c,nver~stioa .in. sileire andi at this junctur ie he.said "I a'!I nd my fmiilv ;ae re elor deeply indebted toyou, si- iforo )our kindlaes so far, itha:i we l;i-ie ever ieen to ? :iy olie yet; we lip?pesoliio- d.?i3 to be able to recom, ienielyou; though w'ien that d :iymwill camne, I knoiw amot f your ghenerosity inducs vo to.g stillfu-?ltlr, I cal nii?u a2ler flth 'tireiliistnucei, protest mtuinst it ,; b~t I bs..gthutiyoa swilndt do loiiythifi?wkhice li:'ijy strain' yoiu rinlaio owiithi ouli friend." STie s no fear of tlhat," replied' MaItsworthl know each other to,, iwcll th -o fallinbua -t Knd >,rjtiablhb is he?i herl a a' fellow 'reatur' dowin -s w-nts pickiis up. I'ni boss o' tlhisihelre co iii, an' i'l goin, to drive it where I liike, miid that's rouinid to Scott's oltice- for hie's ,ot an oflice, and blsides aU&nildin; hlibuses for lhiluelf: l?es ai 1.uin' soiiie as is already built, and deualinid lanlnd iioid lhidin': n ey and al that sort of 'VWittta ea prcssly 'for tle Tesialg 2IICCd;2 ll r~lmt resrved Dis u's-ion on that matter then dropped. The goo;d-hearted tiatvwortli h:ad nmade up hi.s miand as to what 'h:: would do, And. the lead of the Sii chester fanily felt powerless to dictate, t:erefore they proceeded in coin p:u'aiive silence until the wag.on :pullid u inl front of :a little one stor?v woxde-n office which hore the sign " A. 3• ?ultit, conlunission ined lahd aent.:: 3Iatsworth ali.ghted, and went into the oilice, where he remained fr ,ir:'ut teil miinute:, and when lie c:uhne out lie wtas ? ceomp:uaied b; a lboy ho c.arried a bunch of keys in his hand. An lie and the boy got into the wa:ggoi, lihe said " This lad is our pilot, lie knows whiere the house is, and the landlor-d will call and see you through the week. You can tlhen colme to somle arranaie mient with liim as to price." After about half an hnouri's drive, the ivwaggot theii again stopel in front of. a little three roomill cott:age on rlotlih:n Hill, nMid in a short time, the waggon was ligllteledl of its load of passengers, :uad its exceedingly light load of furnitute, and they were transferred to tlhe: new honme, and in about an hoar's time a delivery cart stoppedl at the cottage and a young laut left sutdry articles of diet, including a quuantity of potatoes and flour. These, lihe told the astonished Silehesters, were paid for, and he lied nothing to do but to deliver the:,m. Prayer had always been regar"led a, essenti l to good liviing by the Silclies ter f:uuily,.and on this occasiol,, when the tide of ifiirs h;ad turned so sud deiily, and withli such a favoalihe appea:luice, the hei;'ts of the l:ireints were full t.f gratitude, anid g tthering, their children around theniu they thaiuked God thlit they were still caredl for, anid hoped that thel darkest of their days were ,ast. The: next. day Mrs Sicihester wa; deep in thoaghit, trying to discover somie means of eciri ilg sonimthing for the houselhold until her husband should get stroing again, when sh!e wits st-itled by a lo:ud knock at the door. Wluhen she opened it she saw a solme-hat rough-loo!k:i:g, though wc!l-dressel--for those tinis--anid not unk'.ind looking in:ui. " My ln:une is 3I'.1urtie," he said, "and as I was passing I deided to call aid see if the hiouse suited you--I a:n thel' d:ier you knoo !" Without waithing to lbe invi ted, he, u it!i the colonial: freeCdo of the time, stepped into tihe rooni, and was just ,bout to piIss s lie conl!unn place remark to l1r Silclester, wheni he paused in apparent alarm aind said "It's Rob's ghost." "Not. a ghost et, Sanduy, thlough nearly one" said lRosLert, tsu Sildy id- vaniced and shook lin by the hiad, while Mrs Silclhester and her eldest soni looked on ill sonime surpriise.i An explanatioin soon fol lowed.: Before Robert was Iu'nrried, he and Sandy occupied the swine tent, but afterwards, tihe house of calico lot being large enough to petmlit of keep ilig lodges, Sandly llitchd teInt for himuself.' There, at Kangaroo Flat, lie stLayed until the first dull time, and iuany of the imein were le.sving for fiesh. fields.- Robert thought it was best for himi to stay lwhere he was, so lon is hlie could make a living, and have a chance to do llmorle than:L that. Therefore, whe ni h andy talked l of tryiug antother rush, and asked whether Rob would-go too, Robert ldeclined on the grounds that it would not be nice for his wife to'be travelliing about from .' rush" to " rush." Sa tidy then went by himnself, and in the netw field picked upa an aeIquiaiut?ce with Matsworth, .whomn has' been already spoken of. Sat:dy did i of do p.rticul rly well by the clihu ge, :o d in ;b hut six months liftefr lief returiel to K1ug. roo .Flat, 'lnut' in thie,-.ttin m:i Iobeit Ih d beedie, s lie espressed it, " ii ,d up," ,i ld left the lo=.litv, ,l ,,dtS d5dv: swti isle to fi d out where lie we t to. Tlhey lied rever miet frotii tlr t time u til they, met i.i thl..cott:ige ii H-oth iu,' :rid ever le,..d n.,y tidings of a ch other i.Mr Silchester lid see. S i-dy two or three tilies soo i rfter she w . s nm rriel, ,ut, f iled. t. recognise him on the iunor .i-,g of 'this visit! The iiecetiig, wass thoroughlyj unex pocted on botlsides, ibut no less pleas ant for thait,,and Sandy, lwho had, by the way, been drilled sotiuelhat: ill Euglish pronunciation by his," iwee wifc"-foi hle, too, had become aijlene diet sooii after Ihe started in the land a:ency bussiness-and haadlahlost con quered Juis,.ptoi0ensity for ushin tie, pronoun ''she" uiider all circuulist.uiees, lapsed, in the excit:eniteutof the moment; iinto his old vernacularism,; and said, ' "She, tlougoht youi must be dead, Rob, ad she'll never s e I eyo i on y iiore." I'l'i'el, culmluliu' and corl-ectingi himself, hie wect oii to iiiquire iis to whlat' cl:haltges l's old iniite Ihad lseeti; wlher lie lilhad bei lSt, 'hI i long -l' I1ul lien ill, uhow the illuess cauine :,bout, and sb forth He' tolld tlheii he Ws;s elad lhe was n ii positioit' to help tliem, that lie liad sever.i houses, land ivould iot lreqjuire tlhe oie tfiey -ere in for a iconmidcrable tiie, tlhatt they were not.to trouble tlieinselvs e about rent until tlhec were iin a positicis to p ty; thatt Po/,ert sia not to attenipt auy vork.unhiil heeawvLs stlong enouglh to doit withouott imnjy ; nd uintil then bl~ would b e inost hmapji3yto idvence thlem iii h sum u- as woul] iieat.. thi: r r.sciicneits. le irtted the clh!i!d:eis ai.4 d . 1ai'sfeeimled- to lie particularly tkei, with Saiim, who, lie suid, Ir0?'I4I like a voi-'lvi, !shl, S.iiisaid TI e didi 'n?iv ;\?nl to Icsef"; hishon, lie ,wouhl. soonetr ml -sculutor. "1The'," aid hie :'I eouild .i..ke.n ia t of? bishops, anl duke, .amid ki g., ,tiid queo:,sne .d ll- :'sorts of iiiei' ci d swomi out of , :Tie p1are ts smiled at their so", a', d S."d d:'litugullld, iand' the ', 4 if i thio,,lt stracihilulie s . lie believed line, k ' -oaf in .n--ii i sulyptor--who Ii dst; rted i-i busi esis ii t ttow o , s . e.c'r lii3 .shoie t hiuisso '? . d who , (.id~s dedds:u'o'if , _ii boy to miii d ,the ot,?i ,- d:do ii, ds. Hi w~hiil in ,le iquil'ies who hle ilretur..ed, aidl if there wis n re csse for Sf ul, si c c lie ? : is ..io ion to do sonmethiig, a:id his pai.teets l-c ie ,igrec be, he would triv to ist.l I him iii ii.,: Thus lie b de thliemggood-hlve, Id l- ;.exts d ly se-it , iues!s dje d to to tlb effect tlilt S aimn ith 1 on Mu ' .le der, the m nson :nd d got etmplpyi?ue t iasi oRica boy at thle r.te of t fshilliiaiis a wnek. -[To nTIcOmm rinliiituo 