[?] THE DRAMA. &C.; The grot Russian drama of Fedora was re- Tired on Saturday last at the Bijou Theatre, Sienora Stajeroui nppearing iu the title r/ilc, and the Signor in that of Loris Ipanoff. The play is one in which this lady pre-eminently cxcels. It is not only intensely tragic, but it deals throughout with those powerful agents to human action which usually distinguish less civilised people— revenge, hatred, fierce passions, overwhelming emotions, aud those nobler traits such as fortitude, fidelity, family affection and patriotism which go to build up ihe heroic character. The special charm of the piece is tho vivid picturo which it draws of modem Russian society. To tho uninitiated it opens up quite a new vista of life aud manners, and convoys lessons in both more impressivo than can be conveyed in tlio sober pagesof history or the brilliant sketches of a news paper special correspondent. Tlio incidents pre sent a series of startling surprises. The characters are drawn iu hold, incisive lines. The play of contending passions calls for the most artistic handling, and none but tho ablest exponents of the histrionic art can hope to do justice to such parts as those of Fedora and Loris. Signers Alajcrohi surpasses nil her previous triumphs as the Princess Homanzoff. In Marie Antoinette she excelled iu tho softer, tlio loving aud more womanly features of tlio clinracter. Iu Eliza beth she scarcely realised the mental qualities of that royal personage, and sho fuiled to infuse the requisite intensity into many of the incidental situations of the drama. In Fedora, however, the Signora seems to enter upon her task con amorc, and she, as if thoroughly appreciating the exigencies of the play, reproduces a fault less portraiture of a woman swayed by those terriblo emotions which havo their rise iu love and deteslation. The confidence which tho Princess reposed in tlio honor of her Jiancti is the key to her character. It is that which sustains her in her affliction owing to his murder, and nerves her in the pursuit of his supposed assassin. When iu tlio end she is con fronted with the nncqnivocnl proofs of his perfidy, sho collapses, and becomes a poor creature whom, for tho suko of the dramatic proprieties, tho author finds it accessary to kill off. But through what infinite variety of feel ings docs she pass before that goal is reached. Oae cannot hut admire, however, onr better nature may abominate, tho grand resolve, the sleuth hound pcrliuncity, the deadly determina tion of the Nemesis that has devoted her exis tence tothc immolation of the assassin of her he- loved. Everything short of horwomau's honor sho sacrifices for tho accomplishment of that darling object. Sho relinquishes her homo aud country, she intrigues and lies, leuds herself to the grossest deception, calls to her aid the worst instruments of her vengeance, and struggles against the growing iufluonco 'of a purer and more derating passion for the man whom sho has doomed to expcricace the toudcr mercies of tho executioner Tho delineation of such n character was worthy of a lady who never fails to invest every part she plays with a refinement that almost amounts to poetry, with a graco that seems like a delicious revelation, aud not unfrequcutly with a majestic grnudeur that breathes the living fire of au overmastering genius. Signor Majeroui is perhaps somewhat monotonous in his impersonation of tho cha racter of Loris. With this exception his acting was fnlly up to tlio high standard which we have always looked for at his hands. As tho Doctor, Mr. Wybort Reeve afforded variety to the cast as compared with that to which the public has been accustomed. This nctor is al ways a welcome addition to any company. Ho basasmooth, gentlemanly, coufideut stylo which serves him iu good stcud in most parts, hut which gives him special promiuenco in such pieces as tho Crushed Tragedian. Miss Con stance Deorwyn .was overweighted as the Countess. The other parts wero very respect ably filled. To-night (Saturday) a new piece entitled Drama is to be produced. Tho Silver King 1ms drawn good houses at the Royal during tho week. Tho Nugget Theatre and St. George's Ilall have been closed in thoabscuccof suitahlo en tertainments offering for some weeks. The Victoria Ilall company of miustrols lias boon enabled to hold tho fort for a period, aud with success quite phenomonal. The Alexandra Theatre, it is expected, will shortly bo opened with a powerful dramatic company, The contractors for tlioncw Princess's Theatre arc rapidly pushiug forward tho works,' so that tho building will bo fit for occupation within the tiino allowed, namely, Boxing night noxt. At tlio now Opera House, Sydney, the Private Secretary has been withdrawn, and the house having boon leased by Messrs. Wil-' liamson and Garner, Tho Candidate, by Mr. Justin M'Carthy, was substituted. Tho piece has had a very successful run in Loudon, and promisos to become exceedingly popular in Iho colonies. Tho company includes Mr. Horry St. Maur and Miss E. 51. Powys, of London roputation, and Messrs, Arthur Redy Wood, Frank Cntes, J. It. Grcvillo, D'Arc- htaufiold, E. C Calvert, with Misses Pattio Drown, and the over welcome Annio Taylor. Tho Caudidato has not hitherto been produced 'U Australia. Voico of the Night, an original melo- rama, written by Mr. Thomas Somcrs, has een produced at tho Standard theatre, Si dney, ho story is of tho colonies. The first scono "Pens at tho Eodforn railway station. Many of the incidents arc familiar in Australia, and iu melodrama of all times. A new chum is be guiled into a Chinese gambling house and overpowered by opiate drugs, hut recovers in time to save a lady from n perilous fall. There nre villains of various degrees j young Indies and old ladies ; Coogce, New Caledonia, and New Guinea ; crime aud sentiment ; China men and hero aro associated in extraordi nary ways, and so mixed up that it is scarcely possible to understand the affair. However, the house was crowded, Mr. Dumpier played tho new chum, Charles 5Ioonee Ponds j nnd Mr. E. Holloway was a funereal sea captain. Miss Dampier is Clarisso ; Mrs. Walter Hill, Sirs. Roper : Sliss Katharine Russell represents the captain s daughter ; aud the various persons engaged were applauded by the audience. Mr. Harry Leston, as a Chinese, cook, was very droll. Sir. Dumpier is fit for much hotter work than that Iio is now doing. Tho play was mounted so as to give its merits every chance of success. Harry and Clias. Rnynor have joined Ilis- cocks's Federal Minstrels, and their accession has been attended with very favorablo re sults. The Hugo Slinstrcls are at present located a the Princess's Theatre, Sydney. Fun on the Bristol after a very satisfactory run of some months at tho Gaiety, Sydney, has been replaced by an amusing eccentricity entitled Nap, which is spoken of encouragingly by the Sydney press, W'o take the following items from the Era, dated 19th Juno lust: — Sfiss Genevieve Ward and Sir. W. H. Vernon will play a six nights' engagement at the Theatre Royal, Brighton, commencing 23th June, nnd will introduce to the English public Sliss Tyudalo, the young American lady who accompanied Sliss Waal to this country, nnd who promises to he a decided acquisition to the stage. This will be Sliss Ward's only appearance iu tho provinces this season, as sho returns to America in August, Mr. Kyrlo Bellow, who lias found many admirers of liis undoubted talents in New York, has arrived in Loudon. Ho leaves England again ou loth September, per s. America, to fulfil his engagement for the winter season as leading man at Wallack's. Tho Sfagistrate will be performed by Sir. Augnstin Daly's company, at the termination of their London season, in Paris, Hamburg and Berlin, nnd negotiations aro pending for per formances of the same play by Sir. Daly's company in Vienna. The author lias also entered into arrangements for the subsequent production, in the German language, of The Mugistr to nt tlio Wallner Theatre, Berlin, and iu about fifty German towns. Iu the High Court of Justice, Chancery Division, on 11th Jituc, before Vice-Chnucellor Sir James Bacon Sir. L. Cutler moved in tho action. Fox v. Bnker, to restrain tlio defendant from carrying on, jm the premises, No. 367 Edgivare-road, any noisy, noisome, or offensive business other than the business of wax figures. The original lessee took the premises for the purposo of showing wax figures, but tho de fendant in SInrch last started a low-class enter tainment of " the lion faced lady," "two girls called the iron jawed athletes," " the section of a woman," and an entertainment called "a ghost delusion." A man stood outside shouting and playing a barrel organ. Sir. Russoll Spratt, for tho defendant, said that the show was similar to that of wax figures ; his predecessor had a barrel orgau outside. Tho Vice-Chancellor grauted the inujnetion. On 3rd July an open air performance of As You Like It was given at tlio Botanical Gardens, Slancliester, under tlio auspices of tho Arts Club. Sliss Do Grey was tlio Rosalind, and the male parts were takcu principally by members of the club. Sir. Fleming Norton, the well-known enter tainer, after nu absence of thrco years, was expected homo beforo tho cud of Juno. A story of Sliss Slary Anderson comes from America. Wliilo sho was rehearsing tho part of Juliet an eminent physician, au inliiuato friend, was present. Tho performance delighted him till towards tho conclusion of tho play, when his countenance wore a troubled ex pression. When it was over he went up to the actress. " Sly dear young lady," ho said, "you aro wrong in one of your effects. Don't you know that a corpse doesn't stiffen for at least six hours after death?" "Sly dear doctor," responded SLiry slowly, speaking iu deep, rich tones, and adopting a strong American twang, " do you think I'm going to keep my audience waiting for six hours while I stiffen ?" Official notice was given that admission to Sir. Irviug's lecture at tho examination schools at Oxford on tho 26th Juno would bo by ticket only. 'The handsome room in which Sir. Irving delivered his lecture would only scat 1200 persons, nut such was tho eagerness among tlio undergraduate world and ill tho uuivcraity generally to bo prosont, that over 4000 applica tions had bcon received. Naturally much dis appointment will bo felt by tho unsuccessful applicants, as Mr, Irviug's visit is already talked of as adding a special interest to tho Com memoration Woek of 1886. 