ECHO3 FEOM ENGLAND. TOE TURF. Br *' IrfiTLE Jobs.' IiOkdok, November 27. — What is popularly spoken of aa the 'Hay and Corn Fortnight,' began in Derby on Mon day hist. The weather was very cold, and the frost so heavy 'that it was feared that a postponement would have to be made. However, a thaw set in and sport proceeded. The big event of the meeting tiu the Chesterfield Nursery Handicap of £1000, which fell to that good sportsman and bad politician, Mr. James Lowther, through the' aid of Yule 'Tide, a colt by Trappist out of Christmas JTare, after a splendid finish with, that Jittle wonder, the French filly Prudence, who gave the ?wmner no less than two stone six, the weightB boing 6st 81b and 9st respectively. A veritable wonder is this Prudence. A pony in stature, she, like Mr.' Tait's old pet. The Sorb, seems to ignore weight alto gether. Iiike Plaisanterie, she is by the once desjifled Wel ingtonia, and M. Lef evre absolutely refused to pive £10 for her dam for breeding purposes. Baron Rothschild, her pre sent owner, bought the bonny little filly for a mere trifle. On the second day, *T'iTiVg to the precautions laten by Mr. Ford, the clerk of the course, in covering the track with straw, a heavy frost did not interfere with sport, and good racing was seen. A tig coup was brought c& with, the Irish, bred Mallow, who was backed all over the country for the Chatsworth Plate, a handicap of £00 Sovs, 'and actually, started at 7 to 4 in & field of nineteen. The only animal which had a ghost of a chance with Hallow was the speedy Pearldivcr, upon whom Fred Archer dashed ofi like a flash of lightning; but ere three furlongs of the six had been, traversed little Barrett on Mallow took his measure, and at the distance had the race wen. The ring don't want many such 'knocks' as they got over this race; Mr. O'Heill, the owner of the winner, being one of the clever division, who put their 'bits' down with a vengeance when ' business ' is meant. After a long absence from the turf, Lord XT&lmouth;'s popular ' magpie'* colors were once more donned by Fred. Archer, who rode Glamor, a wretched animal which Lord Falmouth purchased from C. Archer not long since. It is much to be hoped that before long his lordship will again occupy the place which has never been filled since his retirement. The turf has much need of the active participation of men of his stamp. - Wild Meadow, an Irish bred horse, won the Kadbourne Hunters' Steeplechase in good style, carrying top weight. On 'Wednesday, Andr&ssy;, a Eioart son of Van Amburgh,did Mr. Leigh a good turn by winning the Osmaston Nursery. He carried 8st 121b, and started at 6 to 1 in a field of 17, Archer being his pilot. Fast and Loose won the Derby Cup of 500 eovsj carrying 6st 121b, and beating among others Lucerne Sat 121b, and the once fancied Lady Adelaide, 6st 121b. Gannet, by TJncas — Jenny Diver, ap propriated the Chaddesden Cup, Loch Levea the Highiield Selling Plato, and Preferment the Belfer Hurdle. The other races were of little imxicrtance. ?' Northampton, the tosra of 'Boots and Bradlaugh,' attracted a goodly crowd on Thursday, and as at Derbv the ground was hard as a bone. After the race won by Lady Beatrice the jockeys refused to ride on account of the dangerous state of the ground, and the other races were postponed till the next day, when all went well with every body but the poor punters, who had a very bad time of it indeed. My friend 'Eobia Hood,' of the Melbourne Ausxbaxa sian, me some time ago much laughed at for declaring that the time was fast approaching when +he rowdies -would mVieattendance at race meetings a matter of considerable personal risk on the port of respectable people, and every Cay experience teaches us that lie was only too true 'a prophet, and that the day he predicted is fast approaching. In Northampton, on Saturday, Kr. Peck's U jss, which, for some reason or other only known to thejniblic, is considered to ~be some thing out of the common; was started for the Holmby Handicap Plate, in which he was ridden by little White, the stable light weight, at 7st Tib. Seedless to say, the public was onto a man, anil .the horse started a hot lovorite at 2 to 1; Mr, Peck's commission being £300. He was beaten ignominiously by Alb and Bailor Prince. - -Late in the day Mr. Peek elected to start him again in the Compton Welter, this time his pilot being Charley Wood, ami his weight Sst 31b, He started at 5 to 1, ? almost unbacked -(Peck had only £25 on); and, after a terrific race, won by a head from Ducat (tet 31b), who was once a fancied outsider for the last Derby. On Wood's re turn to the weighing-room he was followed by a crowd of 'roughs,' hooting and yelling like demons. SCr. Beck was hustled and pulled about; and, had it not been that there was a. strong body of police on the ground he would have been very seriously maltreated. As it was, he had to remain quietly in the office of the clerk of tbe course, and was smuggled away at the end of the racing. Now, the fact is that Dies, like acsny public fancies, is an overrated horse, and it needed a strong horseman lite Wood to do anything 'with him at all. All men /who know much of horses are aware that much of the so-called 'reversal of form' is due to the difference in jockeys, some being able to get more out of a horse than others, and if every time this happens an unfortunate owner is liable to be half murdered, very few will think the ' game worth the candle.' In this instance Kr. Peck was much disappointed with the horse, and, as I have said bsfore, he had £303 on ?whenbecteT., tudouly a. 'pony' when tho tusimal won. COtTESlXG. Bat it is tt coursing, meetings thai the ,' scum of the earth' fs to lie seen, ana only a few-weeks ago some of these sporting gentry who had been attending the Border Union meeting, after committing: a burglary, murdered one policersun and seriously wounded a couplje more. And this is what sport is just cjfmjnptotn England! 8WUKO. '?'... - Old Dave Godwin (as decent and honest a fellow as ever handled a pair -if sculls), bo astonished his supporter* with the dash an£L. speed he displayed in the Hews of tee Wobu- Handicap, that tney have issued a challenge; unique in its wajvand that is to row any man iu the world {bar Beach) who is within five years of his osti(SS), tor £500 a Bide. . ?? '.Pegasus,' of the 'Nkvte of she Wonu-, Ms Sto noanced rather nrematerely thatlfr. Lott was.likely to take up the cartel on cehnMjof Laycock. I mil authorised 'bythat gentlonionto say that if lie knew anything of Elias'a pre sent form he vrould Jslftcll; make a match on' his behalf, -»u8ideilni; that Godwin wonld be virtually lolljjrfntwe^l maldof; a jjtesfcntof ainonkey. If Xntycoek bis any frientte left, ana they should .desire to accept the chaUeujre on liis ?behalf, Mr. SaM* -wfll gladly net for them, ncd stead* little In the atakii liimself. s.-3oo$£n must uide£4 'bo ec improved msn it tha .Sid tsushmaa wouldn't give hiui five Bebonos #^trortfeh.p6rfa^jofBc»eh,^hich^ tractea very exeat notice, everyone admiring his physique and game, honast- lookiag face. The papers her* are takisr up the goestion of tils refusal to row MatterBon lor £200 a side, sad ere unanimous in condemning lie conduct. These very papers took Hanlan's part when JStr. Lett was vainly eBOeavorinp on l?ehalf «f Triekett to induce Hanlan to abate hi» tsans. Borne people tiftTe- shozt memories. Everybody expects Beach to oome to England. Shouldhe x- eo, I would again beg remind him of the risk of climate, &c.;, and asBurehis 'backerB that they ttQI have to buy their money dearly if they wish to hack him, no matter wbom he should meet. BILLIAEDS. I have only time to add that Bol-erts has broken another record, having scored a break of 482, spot barred, in his match against Taylor, which he -won 'hands down,' giving 4000 points in 12,000. Eis play is simply marvellous, and he gives one the idea of being able to ' go on for ever,' as he hardly ever breaks down over a difficult shot, gener ally coming to grief over the simplest stroke (apparently), though of course frequently he misses a shot in playing or some particular position. I fully expect that ha fill before long win the prize of £100 which has been offered to toe player who first makes 500 in a break without the aid of the spot. 