^ffî'juojiantt FOB HÄBOB. j SBOOND NOTICE. j , «* «?m«S MO «n* of J*oint f0r ««"»T18* Wiien ¿ JJnufouriouB, then new ideas may bo Bown, and ^ ^brin¿ forth fruit's meet for repentance. 1»*»^ rinmrTnd excitement, and when new ^ ^nflickle^wly from «Indents, but jump at UeM J Atï essayists are bewildered and helpU ff-° tftiativê «taken from them, and their critica Ses hívÍno chanco of developing tbemselve.. At ^^ent moment questions of Btartling importance ^'^LCleapt to the front Is Ireland tobo *". ÍÍ Elland wholly or partiallr? Can *P^ntal5»U be paid an/ longer? M w* tiSito become of the 'aristocracy? Those *1Z nave risen like apparitions, and want on rtl «nlwerVor promise oí one. The painstaking Ätt^fÄisPoonfusedby their urgency ¡ tho lÄd K theorist by their actuality j the dreamer iSSÎTSl one cannot feel surprised that tóS and Booial «views this month are, in ÏAarase, taken aback. Men do not write well SStat is written in the evening may be a demon ZrM absurdity hi the morning. The first article in the fortnightly Atto is an JîvmTsonpon-'Law and License» The writer anonymem y (jemouraoy, warns the people that rPmÄmTo govern. Ho would have "a Prefect o£w5^««»Tnt Mr- Booket^an artisan vince, m>» people and thoir friends." ff», eoUT to be those; «who Sak ! the great social problems which this Erial ago presentó from a sense of duty. ST true U vague Of more; practical importance is his assurance that the English working man is an innate snob, who will not brook socialism because he longs himself to be a petty capitalist and a small tyrant. M. Edward Delillo contributes a strik ing article on "Parisian Hells." Public gaming tablcs, he says in effect, have been suppressed only to reappear withslightly different methods-baccarat being the chief one-at the clubs. Those who are interested to the question whether a kangaroo can become a man will find from mr. xvomauoa »»»».io, <-..- T. Mivnrt on tho Eights of Ecason," that It depends sololy oa one email muscle used in sucking. Tho writer of *The Army and Domooraoy" puts rather tellingly a leal difficulty, ' Common soldiers aro such black ptnrds in their language and manners that the men tua would uko to ECO in tho army aro xopellod. Hkiemody ho proposes is that there should be a Home army and a Foreign nrmy, and that in the former men ti respectability should form a -»lass by themselves. In latrtlolecalled "Foreign Correspondents," Mr. Beatty Kingston tolls a strange story of intrigue and falsity, Jt is too long and intricato to be retold hero, but it is the featae oi tho totem, and will doubtless bo canvassed til ovar Europo, for the Btory is obviously true, and some very great people aro concerned. Tho Nineteenth Century contains three remarkable articles. One by Professor Huxley is called " The Evo- lution of Religion." He argues from tho Witch of Endor, tho worship of Seraphim, and similar indications that the religion of the Bible is based on ghost and ancestor worship, and did not in its origin differ essentially from that of most savage tribes. The idea is not new, for anthropologists have for some time been applying the Darwinian method to religion ; but stated with Professor Huxley's bold incisiveness it is certain to cause a storm among the theologians. The second is Lord Penzance's attack tit "The Free Trade Idol" This is moro remarkable (or the fact that a man of Lord Penzance's clearness of latelleot should have revolted from tbo orthodox ocono Bustä than for its persuasive force. In truth, Lord Íemance moro than on co denies rallier than refutes. be gilt of his contention is that the question of taxing jach import should be considered on its own merits. The third is Prince Krapotkin's article on " French Prisons." He makes a special attack on the French system of subjecting young offenders to long terms of confinement in the correctional schools. But the whole paper is engrossingly interesting. Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Lotd E. ïitzmaurico, and Hon. A. D. Elliott and Mr. F, H. Hill (.the lato editor of tho Daily News) all conùibuta tlioir views on tbo Home Eule question, lad their ¡irticfes aro at least remarkable for the assump tion, whid more or less unconsciously runs through all, tint Homo Iiulo is inevitablo. Other papers aro " The IMDOBI'O Valuo of Ireland to Great Britain," by Mr. & Giffen, and "Mr. Godkin on Popular Government," by Sir JX. S. Maine. In lho Ontejiiporari/ Review Professor Salmon Wtes on tbo " Experiences of a Disestablished Ohurob." Hi arguos, not very confidently, from what he haB seen In the Iribh Church that tho English Church would RBiia theologically homogeneous after uiBestabliBh Etot. Tbo author of an unsigned avticlo on the "Irish Question " advocates the creation of two Irish Paliameivts, one for tho North and the other for the routh. Ho does not Boom to perçoive that this «herne would be disgusting to overybody. The paper en "Arnold and Newman" may bo specially reeom Eonded for porusal, if for no other reason, bocauso it contains an admirable selection of passages illustrating tho Card'mal'B inimitable style. Mr. Arnold White wiites on " Colonisation and Emigration." Ho wanta emigration from England to be thoroughly systoniatisod. Among Üio foiomost needs ho places a central bureau to collect tmi disseminate information to intending emigrants. Canada would certainly send official information, and South Africa might "possibly do so. "With regard to the Australian colonies," he says, "something may bo done by means of oircular despatch, addiesaed to the Governors of tho reapeotivo ! colonies, inviting tlioir support; but it will bo -, ".,.6 WIUli "uj^mi,, uuu ÍU "¡ÍL ua necessary lor a responsible agent, unconnected «ita politics, to visit Australia, for tho pnposo of making permanent arrangements for the uansmisäiou of full, important, and regular reports. Tho dread of competition, displuyed in an ccuieforni in the Chinese Exclusion Aot, is equally hostile to any undertaking whatever which will hayo «san inevitable result the lowering of wagoe. On this ground the Governors of the Australian colonies cannot j» expected in their dignified and constitutional posi tons to identify thomselvos with measures openly re- pugnant to their Ministries, who reprosent constitu- tes, tho bulk nfwhl'Ml >iT m^.m« . fm. +W" ""«», mo nulli ol which aro wago-carners ; for these mt will undoubtedly bo affected by the immigration o' competitors from England and Scotland." Besido whsm; Mr. Arnold White would like a National towal of Emigration; more State-aid; official guidance to emigrants, guiding them to Australia rather than to the United States; for, as he says, alluding to Hostile tariffs, a man emigrating to Australia is worth «Ween and a half times as much to tho mother country a «vision of tho Passenger Acts so as to secure better anaogemcnts fortUo comfort of emigrants. In the national iietnatu Mr. Boyd also takes up tho subject of emigration. He however, will have nothing to say to "State aid" in the ordinary acceptation of the words. His scheme is far bigger. He wants State colonisation on tho largest scale, and thinks that 40,000 farms should be created annually in North-West Canada for the settlement of our surplus population. Mr Mallock continues his lumbering attack on Mr. Chamberlain, under the alias of " Japhet Snapper," but his satire is terribly ponderous. There is no other article in tho National of particular interest, unless it be Mr. Austin's passionatee assault on party Government ?»hick ho buffets friends and foes alike. "othe declared that a man of letters should bo »»bailly a man of his time. That is what Mr werBosantisiniisonsoinvvhioh it can be said of li ? i6t nenco his " Children of Gibeon," in T!man,ifa?Mtnc,isbyfar tbo most notnblo story JZ ."*?. Mr' Uesant is steeped in Socialism n,llnVr?.otlnoanthathe "«oopts ita methods-and """Mhodireful problems relating to fee East-end of a-» » "'tueiofore. a» actuality aWÁ " Children KoZ «.** londs ib an enthralling intorost, at \Zr' , p,ot ia wholl.y now> i£ not ^ conception, of «"" m wontmont. As this is certain to be the novel EooiaiisWb^T0 ^ ßT ono .q<«>t*tfo«i. It is a -«««seaoohnaster who is speaking - Nunkadu? íí01,"1* "P'mons only," said Sara, "don't m turi I r ° melw t0 d°-l and l»y friends-with (ijii"' Tnds You don't know and you don't Wotoft.iV , .UOBamo ignorauco that was in Tranco N»y. .if98 0no or two suspected what vi as H4Ëan," vl0ugutovor5thvaS*as B°mSon for ovor to! «flemnS. tv, i° wel1 non't J ou &rU; K° »way and "?"I toll vèr? , v<îu " oro lof* ln ignorance Go homo toíwteíoi,..^'»«t tho working mon of this oountry lb»Wd r,, . a *î ,Tubllc at last, not viiat your friends W10 evo« ? aPuWl<>. but the real thing In a real re í^'EhthoX.ríf11 'î'^î1 bo °q«"l>so wo shall of course ' ' «" K 1nd ,l]1 titles and privileged classes A» ' lf Mmu-s to tho DOOBIO , so wo shall toko tho land, tod it «hall bo onltivated for the nation. And if anybody wants to bo a priest, ho may if ho likes, after hie dav's work ; for of courso we shall disestablish tho Church ana take over Church property of all the churches for the good of the State. There shall be in our Republic no lazy parsons and ministers living on tho pooplo ; and thore shall be no lawyers, becauBO there will bo freo justice, and every man may have his case heard for nothing by a jury, and juries will Bit every day if thoy aro wanted. There will be no masters, employers, or capitalists, but equal wages for all and tho «arno bout a of work, with extra ration« for those who hayo got children to support. There wilbbe freo education ; there will bo no idlers ; ovorybody will bo a working man. We shall take ovor all the rail- ways, abolish tho national debt and tho local debts. Thora will be no tradesmen, because tho State-that is, tho peoplo \--will keep tho stores and distributo food ohd olothing. There will be no rates or taxes, because there will be no money, and labour will bo the only one, and ovorybody will pay his share by his own labour. There will bo annual parliaments sitting every day all the year round, and nobody allowed te speakfor moro than flvo minutes. Thore will be, of course, manhood suffrage." | "Will women vote ?" asked Violet. " Certainly not," replied Sam, with docision. " Women can't govern. Besides, they ean't bo trusted to work for tho public good; thoy would want private property restored, and thoy'd set up a church and try to fix tilings BO that their own sons would hayo nothiugto do. Woinon haven't got any sense of justice." Much the same may bo said of " Conrt Royal " in the Cornhill The writer has tnkon a theme of immédiate interest-the downfall of a great aristooratic house whon rents shrink and mortgagees aro pressing-and has developed it with wonderful humour and pathos. Thore ave, moreover, two excellent articles in this number, one on " Son Serpents," and another on " The 8tory of tho One Pioneer of Tierra del ,Fuogo." Per contra, there is an intensely silly story, called " Tho Deadleigh Sweop," quite unworthy of the Cornhill. Macmillan's is BO entirely Oxonian this mouth that reading it one could almost fancy oneself in a college common-room. The Hon. G. 0. Broderiok, Warden of -.r L -._i_!U..i... " l."! 11..""!.. """". i"":,i "uv" ;" -nccrcon, ccmcuuuii-:» u uimiuuv- y«pu., ¿uv.i. ........ ~ thought and expression, on " The Socialistic Tondenoy of Modern Domocraoy." His main thesis is that tho extremeBt proposals-such for instance as the disendow ment of tho Church and a graduated income tax-of the most oxtremo Radicals do not necessarily-imply Socialism, Then Mr. Goldwin Smith writes on " William Lloyd Garrison," the American abolitionist ; Mr. Walter Pator on " Sebastian Van Slorck ; and Mr. I'\ IT. Palgrave sends his inaugural leoture as Professor of Poetry, which ho calls " The Province and Study of Poetry/ Belgravia may bo dismissed, not unthanlriully, with the remark that ho who wants ghosts, witohos, lamias, and suchlike wild fowl, will here find his nooda fully satisfied. Temple Bar contains a ohatty and amusing article on " Mozart." Mrs. Lynn Linton's " Paston Carew" is, perhaps, somewhat ilngging, and wants incident, but lhere are eigns that she is only biding her time. Last month Thi Gentleman's Magazin» was so extraordinarily good that a slight falling-off may bo exoused. The most noteworthy artiolo is ono on . " Snakes in Poetry," by Phil, Robinson. On the other hand, Chambers's Journal is above its ordinary avorage of merit The story of a " Golden Argosy " is first rate reading. From Messrs, Cassell we have Cassell'« Magazine, The Quiver, Little Folks, and the Magatine of Art. The last has an illustrated article on old liruplacos, which, in these days of falso ostheticisin, is worthy of conscientious study. Let anybody look at the drawing of tho fireplace in the Salle dea Francs, Bruges (p. 188), and, having done so, try to realise tho difference be- tween such work and modern " art furniture." Little Folks, by the common consent of ohlldren, who are tho true critics, is the best child's periodical published in England. Wo may acknowledge The Ladies' Qasette of Fashion and The Season as well- illustrated dress-making maga- zines. 