An Unmasked Card-Sharper. THE 6T0EY OF A YOUNG MAS WHO WAS DETECTED CHEATING AI A CLUB. They were discussing the latest scandal. A young man of good connections had been ignominiously expelled from a club. Playing in collusion with a professional gambler, he had cheated at cards, and in a few months had won a considerable earn. "And has he killed himself?" asked some one. "Bah!" replied another. "Do men kill themselves for so little nowadays? It was dif rent in the good old times." " In the good old times, as yon call them," said old General Roy, " those who adopted the card-sharper's profession killed themselves no more than do those of the present time. A few exceptions there may have been among those who were detected at the outset. But if the first attempt succeeded, they did as they do to-day, they quickly accustom themselves to their degradation. Ah, it is so easy! When respect for his own good same will not restrain a man at the first step, it is entirely dead within him, and even a scandal will not revive it. By the way, I can tell yon of a curious case in point, where the hero blew out his brains, but it was not ;suioide. No, strange as it may sound, it was not a suicide. Listen: "' It was some fifty years ago. The press of that time was not the terrible gossip that it is tc-day, and sensatianal news never passed certain bounds. There were not fewer scan dale, but the scandals were less known. In fact, I think there was rather more. Not that we were more virtuous, but the fear of pub licity is certainly a great check. " Among the elegant young fellows, the gilded youth of those days, who furnished the greater part of the scandalous gossip by their eccentricities and duels, was a young gentle man attached to the king's household. I shall call him the vicomte Eoland. The same was an illustrious one ; in fact, the vicomte was the fruit of one of those mixed marriages introduced by Napoleon I. Gene ral Comte Roland, whose heavy cavalry charges are matters of history, had married the daughter of the Marquis de Bransac, a member of one of the wealthiest _ and most powerful families of France. His son was then about twenty-six years of age. He had not the robust, plebeian beauty of his father, who had been one of the handsomest men in the army. He was rather the delicatc and distinguished grace of his mother, whose j idol he was. Having loved her husband pas- I ionately, the countess was now wrapped op in hex son, " The extravagant life led by the eon had caused a quarrel between the parentB. The countess lived in the Bransae Hotel, one o£ the finest in the Faubourg Saint Germain, while the general, secluding himself in a little chateau in the forest of S6narfc, passed his time in the pleasures of the chase. They Ray he had ill-treated his 'wife, but it was utterly untrue. The fact is that there had been between the general and his wife two terrible scenes. " The first was caused by an idea which took possession of the countess. She found this name ' Roland' too plebeian for her son, and tormented her husband to obtain the king's authority to add to it that of Ds Bransae. The general energetically refused. "' My name has sufficed for me,' said he, ' for me who have made it famous. It will do for this fine gentlemen, my son. If he does not find it brilliant enough, let him try to add to its lustre.' " The second scene was brought about by the vicomte abducting a ballet dancer, and by a due! and a debt which were the consequences of this little affair. The general brought the son before his mother and roughly reproved him for his folly. Instead of supporting her husband, the countess made excuses for her son. Women always are indulgent toward the man in a love scrape. " As the general told hia eon that his for tune was not sufficient to maintain such scandalous absurdities, the countess un happily interjected: " Oh, the fortune of the De Bransacs will amply suffice for him. " She had not calculated the effect of her speech. An hour later the general left the hotel and went to his chateau; at the end of a week the family notary informed the countess that her entire personal fortune was at her disposal. The separation was complete, and the general lived alone on the fifteen thousand francs which constituted the revenue he received from hia own fortune. " The son made ducks and drakes of her fortune. At the end of six months the coun tess was half ruined, and the energy of the notary alone caved her from her son's extra vagances. "All at once it became known that the vicomte Boland no longer belonged to the king's household, and that he had handed in his resignation as lieutenant in a cavalry re giment. : That is what was given out, bat rumours of a different character were afloat. The counteBB no longer appeared in public, bat confined herself to her hotel. In a few weekB she seemed ten years older. "The vicomte, after a voyage of some weeks in Italy, returned to Paris, took apart ments in the Bue de la Chausres d'Antin, and lived the life of an idler on the pension of a thousand francs a month allowed him by his mother. It would be little to-day; but at that time it enabled a man to make a figure in the fashionable world. He passed his time between love adventures, the theatres, and the green table. Then little by little his elegance and his eccentricities began to be talked about. Clubs were not as plentiful as they are now, hot the gilded youth and the gamesters had a few of them where lovers of the green cloth oould amuse themselves. "One evening when the Vicomte Boland, after having won a considerable sum from one of his friends, offered him his revenge, his opponent rose, and pushing away the cards, looked at him in a singular manner. "' Well, no, Boland,' said he; ' what with your luck with women and your luck with cards, you have too much luck for one mau.1 "Boland, though somewhat choleric, de manded no explanation, and contented him self with laughing. "Some days after, the Prefect of Police announced himself to the general at his chateau. What passed between them I do not know. All that is known of the afiaii is that they returned together to Paris. " At eleven o'clock of the evening following that interview, the vicomte was Beated at a table playing 6cartd. He had just won ten successives games from an Englishman, who, passing through Paris on his way home, had been introduced at the club by one of the . members. Boland had a considerable sum before him. The loser had just risen, ana before leaving the table had bowed thrice, when an elderly gentleman approached the table. "4 Will the Vicomte Boland permit me to take the gentleman's revenge Y " The young man paled. It was hia father. \- "' As you are a bold player, I offer you a bold game. It will be useless fcr you to say that it is too high. Bsad.' And the general handed him a note folded twice. " The vicomte glanced over it, and_shud dered visibly. "'Do you accept?' "He bowed. The general seated himself opposite his son, cut a king, and dealt the cards. He won the first hand. When it was the vicomte's deal he trembled slightly, and a strange light shone in his eyes; nevertheless, he played on. The general won again. " The vicomte rose, pale as a ghost, and in a smothered voice said : "4 In an hour, sir, I shall have "acquitted myself." " He left the room without another word. " On the following morning the guardians of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the body of the Vicomte Boland. His head was blown to pieces, his hand still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio was found an unsigned scrap of paper, on which were the words: The loser will blow out his brains. " The pretended Englishman was an accom plished card-sharper, sent by the Prefect of Police. The three bows had been the sign agreed upon between him and the general to indicate that the vicomte had cheated. " The game wa3 one for life and death between father and eon. Both were dis honored—the son by his own act, the father by the son's. But this dishonour was a j secret, which threatened to become an open shame. Death could stifle it—the son's death | or the father's, for the stern old Boldier would ftimsplf have disgraced his son had that son not kept their pact. The price of the general's secrecy was Ms son's life." -Translated from the French of Edouard Siebecker• 