A Pica for Ghosts. In the name of dead and pone humanity, and that now 41 ambulant on tcllus," wo feel it our duty to protest against certain outrages against both which havo recently been per petrated by members of tho "active and in- telligent " guardians of our lives and proi«erty. Wo allude of course to the ruthles manner in which tho 44 three sad ghosts," which have ap peared in Melbourne within tho lust year or two havo been hounded down by tho jxdice. In the old days which poets ray were irohlen— perhaps they laid tho gilding on them selves, but that's neither hero nor there — a family ghost was as much a sign of respecta bility as a crest aud a row of 44 ancestors "are now ; and no town cousidered itself in any way entitled to consideration unless it boasted one or more public spectres, The feeling is not dead yet, and a well authenticated ghost is a source of joy to tho family or municipality 1 which can call itsett its owner. It must therc- ! fore l»e a standing reproach to this city that it cannot boast oven ono well authen ticated spirit, except those insido tho public- houses, and many even of them nro far from genuine. Wo should, therefore, have thankfully seconded .the efforts of the kindly ghosts who have endeavored to throw a cloak of respectability over our mu.ihroom community by condescend ing to 44 walk" within its plebeian bound, instead of treating them as common offender and charging them with 44 insulting behavior," But no, the moment tho appearance of a ghost is reported, Policeman X is put upon his or ,hur track with the result that the ghost retires iu disgust. .Such conduct is an insult to tho 4 kindly dead," and is productive of no good to ourselves, for every town secure in the possession of a long established ghost can .point tho finger of scorn at us, and despise us as upstarts. It may be said that time will cure this defect ; but time will nob help us if we treat so cavalierly the earliest efforts of tho benevolent ghosts who aro already en deavoring to remove a blot from the escutcheon ! of what was probably their native city. No i ghost with any proper feeling of self-respect j will stand being hunted from pillar to post by j tho police, and our only hope is that some : ghost with pnehydromntous feelings to stand , such an insult will establish himself as a pertnn ucn t institution. Tailing this Wc I sincerely trust that Policeman X will be i allowed to pursue his legitimate occupation of 'tracking animals and nosing out breaches of the Licensing and .Shops' and Factories' Acts uninterrupted by tho impious pursuit of ghosts. 