St. Mary's. FROM "JAPONICA" Nothing of interest has transpired with us during the week, save the rain. Our speciality at present is mud, lovely mud. Mamre Lane is brim full of it. This re minds me that the name of our Road In spector is Miller, it would be a sad waste of time to say more than that. Somebody—or somebody else, told me that Constablo Hopkins had a great object ion to running in noisy drunks, because all the family would loose their night's rest, as the cell is so close to their bodroom. Now just fancy the Government building such a place; what an accomodation ! a three roomed mansion, sitting-room, bed-room, and cell, tho children can have tho cell when the drunks are not in, but as they seldom get in, I might say, the cell is tho children's room. Then there is a kitchen just large enough to get smoked to death in. When the place was getting built, someone re marked that it was a great shame to build the w.c. so close to the house, you see they mistook the kitchen for Parliament House. Ours is a make shift township, as its name will show. Fancy a lock-up right out of town, and close beside the Anglican grave yard. This is how Constablo McGarvey once mistook the ghost of Gidley King for Dan Paskin's old grey horse, and was going to run him in for straying on the streets. Our policemen have all carried on a trancelestial business with the Anglican's spirits. They have all been partial to spirits. Do you mind me now, as they say in the concerts. The only building in this town worth a cuss, is the Public School—of course I mean Government buildings. Our Post Office—only it is labelled—might be taken for Honeymoon Cottage. In giving the cost of the bullock roast and sports, in last weeks' issue, I omitted one item of the expenses, since pointed out to me by the treasurer, Mr. Garner, and that is the gate-keeper's wages, which came to £2 5s. A quadrillo party took place in tho Pro testant Hall, on Friday evening, which was well attended, and dancing was kept up until 2 a.m. O'Keefe and A. Worthington, musicians. The next event will be a bruce auction in aid of the new parsonage. 