Correspoaeleaee. An Offer to Malone. To the Athletic Editor of the SporUman . Sib,— Does Mr. Malono know the dif ference between an amateur and a profes sional athlete P One would imagine be does not whin he etateB that 6. H. Hales. of Cambridge, holds the 161b. hammer- throwing championship by a throw of 138ft. 3in. Now, I oannot throw within 10 feetf of what I oould do ia' 1873, yet will stake any reasonable amount that I oan beat that reoord of 138ft. 3in. within one month, and will surpass it 6 feet within three months. Does Mr. Malono hot know that the amateurs is England and Ireland are allowed an unlimited inn with the hammer, whilst the professionals throw by the 44 fair stand P" Moreover, an amatenr will not contend against a prof tMonat , otherwise he would not again be allowed as an amateur. I bare seen a 161b. hammer thrown for exhibition, on different oooaeinnr, over 170 feet (proper weight on level ground) with the unlimited run; but my champion ship throw of 138ft. 8tn. was done in a match by the fair stand, giving the se- ootid best thrower in Great Britain 13 (sot start, and yet winning by 3 feet. I do cot praotise the run, but era beet my standing reoord at any time. Mr. Melons ny cot be aware that sotae tight years ago I was tngaeed to glee exhibitions st the Cham- Siontlip Meeting of Amitturs at billle Iridge, London, when I threw their 161b. hammer some three feet over their best ; I throwing by the 11 fair stand/' while they had the run. Oo same occasion I put their 16lb. ball or shot, on their own ground, 46ft. 3iu. I did not con test with the amateurs for the prise, but simply gave an exhibition after they had finished. Subsequently 1 bad some of tba best amatenr athletes in England as pupils, they osing of asms opinion as myself, viz., that the best performer ought to be the best teacher. 1 may here stale that my best reoord with 16lb. stone was made on Lord Kerr's lawn, at Perth, some 16 years ago, when I put the 161b. 2oz. stone 49ft. 6it., measured by Lord Kerr's sons, who were first-olaas amateur athletes. In oommemora- tioo of the long dietaooe made they pre served the stone, and I have no doubt it oan be found at their reeidenoe now, My best in a contest with this weight was made on Montrose links in 1874 distance 48ft. 8in., ground level, when I won by several feet the obampion prize open to all oomers. Proof oan be bad in thie oonntry of these facts. Everyone the least conver sant with atbletioe Itnows that the Divine are amongst the foremost amateurs of tbs day ; yet -30 or 33 feet is not a long throw for a professional with a 561b. weight, as it was thrown in Canada by the run, some years ago, over 37ft., and I have thrown it with out a ran over 35ft. 43ft. 4io. with 161b. weight putting is not the best done by an Irish professional, as Duffy, now in Edin burgh, has recorded over 47 feet "©o several ocoasions. Mr. Malone may sot have noticed that at the ehampionehip meetiog. for professionals held in Edinburgh over two "yean ago, Duffy put the 161b. a long way over 43it. 4in» My reoord of 6ft. Sin. at high leap was done on ground with several inches of a high M take-off," bat as it appeared in the local papers at the time, many who do not study these matters believed it to be correct. My reoord on level Is 6ft. Uin , which oan be authenticated. Although several athletes have got reoord of leaping over 6ft., I have not the least donbt bnt that Davtn is the only man who has ever been in tie world able to clear that height, and there is not the least dooH of his leap of 6ft. 2-in. being done fair, as the following year he contended at Birmingham for the Amateur Championship, beating Farsos of Edinburgh by many inches (who bae been oredited with 6ft.), Devin winning at 6ft. in. The bar being then raised to 6ft. 3in. he all but cleared it, touching with one shoulder only ; hot the cross bir falling, the jump did not stand for a reoord. I oonaider that Devin has beaten all oomers at this feat by over 3in. I am surprised, however, that Mr. Malone eould imagine he might find my name oompetiog against amateurs, as it would not bo allowed ia Great Britaio. Professional championship meetings are held every year at Inverness, Braema rr Dundee, Edinburgh, Glasgow, and sometimes at Manchester, Sheffield, and L>ndou, open .to all earners, whether amateur or professional, as the latter do not debar the former, or any other grade. I still hold champion medals from these and many other plooes, wbioh are quite suffioient to prove my assertion to those who ere the least doubtful. I have never soen Mr. Malone put the stone, -s he may be much better than I imagioe. However, I will back my opinion with £60 that he oan not get within 3ft. of his reoord with a 74ft. run and no follow, on level ground, and I herewith deposit £26 to bind the match. As soon as Mr. Malono atakee a like amount I will forward articles for his signature, nod, as he allows me to fix the time, Ac., within 1 three months, I shall say 20th of next month, : to take place in Melbourne. I allowing i .-easouable expenses if Mr. Malone has to i ome from Sydney. — Waiting a reply, 1 remain, yours, Ac., ' D. Dxbnxb. i Pnttiag thefftone; b the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman. " a,— In your lest issue an epistle appears fro:. Mr. Roaohook, of Adelaide, who pre- r : \ to accept my challenge at " putting ;v r one. At same time he sends no de- i-O'it, and states that my challenge ie very ite. Well, I shall here endeavour to it as well a possible. Pint, I ofLr ; . L, start to all oomers at puttiog the o4.uue a distance, aooording to Caledonian, Americsn, or Eoglish rales, which read thus Eaoh throw to be made from a mark from six to eight inohes in height, and six feet in length, which must be fixed securely on the ground, and not more than seven feet six inohes allowed for a run or hop ; crossing either mark to conot "foul." Each throw to be measured from mark to first break made on the ground, and the lrngest fair throw from number agreed no to count. Eaob throw to be measured when made, and in a handio&p; the scratch man is generally allowed three tries extra. To toes for first try, and the man with the winning throw to stand till his opponent beats him, if he so desire, and have bis ether tries after. Now, if Mr. Ro&cbook; Is not agreeable to these rules, he cen have any style he wishes, each man to provide the weight agreed on, and then take go »eB -you -please style, the longest distanoe to win. Let there be no rules whatever, but the plaoe marked for delivering the weight. Oa this condition I will make a match level with anyone in Australia. Roacbook main tains that he threw five inches better than I in Adelaide, so he oannot expect a start in a go-as-you-please style, but I -will give blm the five Inohes nod cne inoh more if he will at onoe cover my deposit of £26 now down, and I agree to give him £20 as expenses if he will come to Melbourne. Now, when I offered all comers two feet start at Adelaide it was under Caledonian rules. Boaohook contested by these rales, audited no ohanoe. even with the long start allowed; but as his many admirers claim tbtka -woo £air,l4 Aim-at-oooe snake-, matoh To prove Who is right. Ae soon as ray deposit is covered, I shall forward -articles to be signed. Trusting that the above chal lenge raay now be diatinctiy uodemtood,u>d that a depoait'may be sent to the SvoBians office at one?. — I am, Ac., D. Diesis. Roachock to Pinnie and -Bdtec. To the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman' Sir,— There ate some people, when writ- . Ing to papers, who indulge in a profusion of words, and are able thereby to delude the public. I have no desire to follow their examole, or enter into a verbal warfwe with Donald Dinnie or anyone else. Dfceds, not words, prove theipan, and a record of past performances Conceitedly elated, though good enough In its way, has nothing, to- do with the present, which is all-important. I have offered, for a wager of £100) to put the' heavy shot fair from the shoulder, Dinnie conceding me two feet, but, as. yet, have received no response. The match oan- take place either here or in Melboasoe. -lu the former ease I will allow Dinnie £20 ; ia the latter he must grant me the same terms. Dinnie suggests rules reoogniecd throughout the world, but this is beautifully iudtfioite. Let it be arranged that a man. oan run as far as he likes, provided that he-does not over- step the mark. Surely nothing can bo fairer than this. I would further suggest that ao independent referee sborid bo app j'uTed, eud that neither competitor ebohld be allowed to measure bis owe distance. Difiuie epeaks with true (?) patriotism of a liiUo Scotch sailor who oan beat me, but if I oan beat Dinuie without even a handicap where would the little Sooloh eailor beP "With regard to the rematki of your Adelaide correspondent, I may state that I never heard of Profeseor MiUer'e effr until I read of it in your oolnmns, and I do est thick the Professor ever mads uee of such remarks. I may state that at the Oval on ibe occasion referred to I was far more knocked up than Miller, having woa at Mitoham some seven roots. I should bo only to glad to accept Miller's offer, and shall be happy for him to arrange a meeting.— Yours. fro.. P. B. Roi-ohoce. 23rd January, 1886. Miller to Denholui- To the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman . Sib,— Iq reply to a challenge whioh appeared in your issue of the 4th inst-., signed " William Denholm, Sorrento Hotel," I wish to draw the writer's attention t? th fools herein mentioned. Some of the dancefl named are extinct, and others (such as Scotch jigs and parrisotee) I have never heard of during my experience as a dancing master, extending over a period of twenty- seven years in Scotland and three in this colony. I would, therefore, feel obliged if Mr. Denholm would explain the meaning of the terms aforementioned. However, I am prepared at any time to back a youth of 13 years against him to dance the following, viz. : — Highland fling (10 distinct step?), sword dance, strathspeys (10 etepa or more) and reels (10 steps or more), sailor's hornpipe (10 steps), or Irish jits (10 stent). — Tours fro. A. A. Miller. Eaglehawk, 25th January, 1886. Dinnie . Dunn. To the Athletic Editor of the SporlsmaH. -The challenge from H. Dunn, now in New Zealand, is too muoh to salt him self, as, how could a fall in the Sootoh or Greaoa- Roman or even any other style be won as quickly ae in the Comberlsud f Thia style seldom takes over one minute, often only a few seconds. I will wrestle Mr. Dunn a fair mixed match of, say, five styles, should he come over here, for bis own sum. No ex- nensea asked or riven. — Tonre. frc.. D. Denote. O'Do&oghue; to Dinnie. To the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman . Sib,— Seeing that Donald Dinnie has eaid a good deal aboot etone-throwiog, and in reference to Malone, too, I beg to remark that I will throw the 71b. weight against him at any time be chooses, within one month from date of agreement, for £26.— Tours. fro.. B. O'Dasoonn. P.8.— I will meet Mr. Dinnie at the Spostskae office to-morrow (Thursday) at 3 o'clock. Victoria-st., Footeoray ,21st January, 1886. Handicapping. To the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman. Sib —Knowing that you are always ready to do good to sport, I think it is high time something was done with reference to foot-racing. For fnstanoe, we will take haudiospping first. Now, air, in looking overall the priocrp&l; sports gatherings in the colony for the hat year or eo, I find tbat there have only been one or two men from anyway near scratch that have won s good bmndioap, all the others betng'won by limit men with big starts— say of 16 and 17 yards. Now, what ie the use of a good men entering To n raoe when he gets put near Boratoh 7 He has not the ghost of a show when men get such starts. I think it ie useless for a good xnanentering these days, as the promoters' bobby "seems to me to be— 11 Give long limits, and1 get good accept ances." Now, what pleasure is there for the pnbiin to see a raoe like that? I abould think it would be far better to go and see a lot of good men near one another ranning close finishes, than to go and see a man, say, with abont 16 yard, and another soratch, or thereabouts, competiog in the same beat, and the limit man wincing easily. For instance, at Brighton the other day the placed men were all men having starts of 16 and 17 yards. I don't think foot-racing will ever snooted until they frame roles similar to horae- raciug ; at least appoint two paid handi- oappera. to handicap for ell athletio clubs. Then, if all olubs run under the same roles, whenever a man gets disqualified he ia disqualified for ever ; not as it is now— when a man gets disqualified at Helfort he can run at Brighton, and eo on Aod another thing is, in nearly all sports of the present day men keep on ruuning under wrong names, and give wrong perform- -aaoes, and the only remedy seems to be to make them sign an affidavit, and they think no more of tlut than signing a Chinese lottery ticket, amply beoause tbey never get punishod. And it will always be the sane until some athletio club makes an example clone, and tbat will be the only thing to put a atop to it. Otherwise foot racing will go back to tbe days of old, and as it is getting one of the chief pastimes now, I hope some athletio flub will take it np and make it one of tbe future sports.— Hoping you will favour me and other athletes by insertimr the above. I remain, vonrs. fro.. A Lovbb or Sport. 18th January, 1886. A Challenge. To the Editor of the Sportsman. Sib,— Hearing that Mr. Armstrong is open to run, and, to use his phrase, donkey-liok any fox terrier in tbe oolony not exoeding 18lb., I now challenge to ran Fan against Datchy, the best oat of thirteen courses, catch and hold, for the sum of £20 a-side. If accented, man and money may befound atMr.H.M.Ooebraoa's. 89 Chapel- street, Frshrac, on Friday, 29tb instant, at halfrpast 8 o'olook. — Tours, frc., J. Axstmow. The Disputed Championship. To the Editor of the Sportsman . Sib,— Seeing by your Issue of the 20th, re : disputed championship, in which Le Grand ; is mentioned as being tbe only dog defeated by Fan, I, as. en eye witness, would like to . say & little on tbs eubjeot. The match was beet two in three, first to the rabbit, for £10 (not catob and hold, as were the other two — Fan Boss and Lily). Three courses were run. Tbe first was undeeided, through Le Grand running unsighted. Fan caught by herself. In the next two sbo led up, bnt the dog caught both; eo, had the match been on fhe same terms as the other two, Fan would have loat Lb throa._T am. frn_ I i fisb Put, -+-T'9tho KSitnm rfijgtfa..fijp.i«rfai-IWt tMovitjon of JSOtb inst, 6 jMonship and «k W «n "WBr of Couning- d|put« the qUmpiao.l,ip7. Dm. S? "?S0ths h"?i:s - w eu£ but, however, ehe still reUin, h.i meriteJ repute, of wbioh ire-hare concluBjse erhlenM jn her telling when ehe.bead both th. obampion dog. Sting, and the ex-obnmpw, dog BuM, for the Brighton gfcp, ra/ Good Friday Jul. Oopuderlng ihue m4 other performances,. Fan has proved h&self; one of tho betM.hu season, ofc not a very poor lot of fox terries, .as your correspondent haa tried to imagine them to be.— .Your. ein A Tbfb Spobt. An Explanation. To the Editor of the- Sportsman. Sib, — la answer to a letter wbicb ap peared in last week's SpoBreanx signed " A Loner of Oonrsiqg," in whioh be stales tbat my slut, Lily, has no right to the. title of tho Open 18lb.-Ghsmpita6faip of Victoria permit me to state that Lily won tbe first 181b Championship cd Victoria, open to att comers — the oonditiocs being be.«t of 9, best of 7( best of 6, and best of 3 courses — uis'ituted by Mr. Cullen, and van at bis Plimpton at Brighton the first week in August, 1886, and holds same at present date, having received one challenge which was decided last fortnight, and resulted ia Lily winning. u A Lover of Goursing" also atates that Lily was defeated in the Frahren tropby. The particulars of eaiae are as follow:— Mr. Hough pretfuted a trophy to tbe olub, which was derided by tbe members to beooinpeted for by 18!b. and under, tbe winner to be styled the champion 181b. of the Prahran blub, and as thie was only open to member of (he Prabran Olub it cannot be called an open ohempiocebip. and as tbe running wae delay d week afi&r; week, and no definite date mentioned, tspat of tbe doge competing were not in covditipn. I would advira A Lover of Ccurtieg" not to run headlong into tbe public pttsa and make absurd f-tatementa before he hss good grounds for eo doing; and iu eonclurion, the season will commence in April, when Lily will be prepared tn ma any foX terrier at tbe weiirht mentioned, same ooudtiions as the Fan-Lily matoh. — TOWS, Ao., A Domm. Heply to Fosse's Challenge. | To the A thUtio Editor of the Sporttman. Sib -— I will -scoept Fosse's challenge on condition that the raoe takes place at Bal- larat, a« it Is as convenient for Fosse to come to Ballarat as it fs for me. Melbourne will not suit me.— Tours, fro.. Jobs fuziaiz. Smeaton, 26th January, 1886. G&ham; to Bradley. To the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman. Sib,— Seeing in the oolnmns of your widely circulated paper a oballenge to box to a finish, Marquis of Q'leensberry rules, by S. Bradley, of Maryvale, at either Dabbo, Wellington, or Orange, for from £10 to £50, 1 will aooept tbe challenge, .end bcx for any part of the amount ovi r £25 ; the winner to take all tbe gate money. If Mr. Bradley will box in Orange I will allow bin £5 expenses, or will Uk« the same and box at either Wellington or Dubbo. A deposit of £25 ie'aow in the hands of Mr. James Small, of Tattereall's Hotel, Orange, to bind tbe match. Any communication frrm Mr. Bradley or bis backers will roo-ire prompt attention. ' The match to cJme eff within>tkree weeks from date.— Toutt. Ac.. J ACS GBXBXX, Middle-weight Athlete. Orange, 22nd January, 1866. 