ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; " Human Nature," by Messrs. Peltitt aud Harris, produced at the Theatre Itoyal on Saturday night,and which comes from the old country with a good reputation—of a certain kind—is of the class of which " Youth" is a conspicuous example. It is an etfective drama, of the sensation order of dramas, fnfl of strong situations, aud con structed so 48 to keep up u cumulative in terest from beginning to end. It is a story of love, and jealousy, and misunderstanding, andmisery.and tvickedneaa, and venality, terminating inhomlcide and reconciliation. The most interesting character in the piece is that of a beautiful woman who baa loved not wisely. At some period anterior to the commencement of the story she has married ; also the man she has nnwisely loved has married. But there is this difference between the two, that whereas he bos married a woman whom he loves, she has married a man to whom Bhe is indifferent. She deserts her husband—let us say as a matter ot course —and finds her way into the home of the woman who has taken her place in the affections of the man who once loved her. And—probably also as a matter of course—Bhe Bets to work to dis possess her rival of the affection of the man who, to both of them, is all in all. The expedient to which she resorts to accomplish this end is old enough, but it serves. The severance is made, and the husband goes off to the wars, the wars being the purposeless conflict in the Soudan, where that bravest of all warriors, General Gordon, was sacrificed for no reason that anybody could ever see. Here be (meaning the disconsolate hus band) storms a city, Kartouro, for example, and finds therein the man who, he has been made to believe, has wronged him. At a subsequent Btage of the action the two meet in the burning desert, and, instead of kill- j ing him (meaning his treacherous friend), he gives him water and saves his life from vengeful Arabs. As the proper ac knowledgment of these services the villain makes a reasonably clean breast of it, and confesses that the lady was never ialse at all, but only very much wronged. And then the villain dies, and the husband goes back to England, and at last finds his wife and child, and is happy ever after. The wicked woman who tries hard to win back the man who once loved her, is unsuccessful in this effort, and as her long-lost husband in opportunely—for her—comes on the scene, there is a good deal of matrimonial conflict, which ends by his firing a six-chambered revolver at her, whereupon she dies, and her husband is straightway apprehended by the proper authorities. The good wife is much persecuted by a wicked attorney, who legally takes from her her child, and, having an interest in the child's death, gives it over to the custodianship of two persons who traffic in child-killing. The infanticidal process is not carried out in this case, for the dramatist has other uses for the young person, but the stage effect of child-murder is produced by the death of another boy of tender years, who is made to die, to appropriate music. All this, as will be seen, is very melancholy business; but it is tempered by the introduction of two pleasant persons, one a lawyer's clerk, who has a talent for versifying, and the other a little serving-woman of the kind yon cannot well help falling in lore withal The lawyer's clerk is in love with the serving woman, and the serving-woman is in love with the clerk, and the love passages between these two are very diverting. And when it is mentioned that the parts were played severally by Mr. Anson and Miss Emma Chambers, it will be easy to understand, by those wbo are familiar with the remark able merits of this lady and gentleman, how amusing must have been the scenes in which they were concerned. The wicked woman was played by Miss Watt-Tanner, whose stately presence fitted her ex actly for the representation. She looked joBt that sort of beautiful demon over whom even very wise men lose their heads'if not their hearts. And apart from her personal qualifications, she acted with a J consistency entirely in accordance with the requirements of the character. The mis-, understood, much ill-used, and greatly suffer ing, hut eventually compensated wife, was played with appropriate feeling by Miss i Maggie Knight. Mr. Titheradge, as the husband, misled, misjndging, rash, despair ing, reckless, and finally restored to his right mind, was seen in the best possible ligbt; all his powers of emotional demonstration being employed with consummate effect. His best scene was iu the last act with Miss Watt Tanner, where the woman, wicked, wayward, yet to him for ever constant, would give up the whole world so Bbe might win back the place she once held in his estimation. It was a very powerful scene, and both he j and Miss Watt-Tanner played with an earnest ness of the truest kind. Mr. Flemming j was at his very best as the wicked lawyer. Mr. Beck made very well of the unscrupulous Frenchman. Mr. Calvert was seen to un- j usual advantage as a clergyman of the muscu lar Christianity Bort; and Miss Mortyne as ] bis wife was not less favourably exhibited. Mr. Greville and Mrs Wooldridge worked up the infanticidal business with results such as might be expected of two such experienced actors; and little Belle Russell, as the victim of their wickedness, was not less successful, in giving point to the pathos of thesituations in which the unfortunate ward is seen. The other child was also cleverly played by little Miss Sinnott There are many other cha racters in the piece, and they were all sus- ] tained with most commendable painstaking. Of the scenery, the dresses, and the j mechanical arrangements there is nothing j but praise to express. Some of these latter are of a vety elaborate kind, but they all worked with an evenness suggestive of long practice. The marching in a scene represent ing the entry of the Soudanese army into London, the scene being Trafalgar-square, was admirably arranged, as also was the business in the storming of the Soudanese city, albeit the Arabs, when shot, climbed carefully down from the ramparts, and died undemonstratively. The completeness with which the piece is got up merits for it a long At the Opera-house there lias been no, lange, '"Turned Up" having sufficed vety) ell for the entertainment of the frequenters 'j this theatre. Atltba Bijou the comedy of ''Betsy" fcs* sen revived, with, of course, a cast different am that of any of its previous represent* r«ia. Tints the part of Betav is now dared by Miss Pattie Browne, who Imparts to it all the sparkle, the archness, the pretty diablerie that are so necessary to make it really accept able, Miss Taylor plays the elderly lady with a dignity worthy both of character and actress. Mr. Saint Maur sustains the cha racter of the explosive Irishman, and keeps up the effervescence as might be expected, but his accent is peculiar. Perhaps the Irishman he has in his mind was of German parentage; or he had had in his young time a German nurse or tutor ; or perhaps he was really born in Germany, and only partly educated in Ireland ; or it might be he had had a partiality ior German sausages. Mr. Maltby as the Tutor was delightfully quaint and naturally humorous, and got his effects without any, eager seeking for them. Mr. Stnnfield was not entirely unsuccessful as the spoiled child. Mr. Phillips as his friend was permeated with that agreeably jaunty manner which is so characteristic of him. Mis3 Trevor, a lady who is new to us, played very well the character of the mysterious vocalist. Miss Montagu and Miss Brooks were seen to agreeable effect as the two young ladies whose duties and functions are not much more than negative. Mr. Clitheroe as the irritable politician was too effervescent to be quite satisfactory. Miss Agues Thomas, who, it will be remembered, came first to Melbourne with Mr. Boucicault, and who, a little while ago, returned to Australia from America, aud has recently been playing in Sydney, re-appeared in Melbourne in the part of the Irishman's wife. She quite confirmed the good opinion formed of her when first she was known to us, and it is certain she will be found to be a valuable addition to the number of our elegant come diennes. lo-night, Sir Charles Young's successful drama of "Jim, the Penman," will be given for the first time in this part of the world. At the Alexandra " Uncle Dick's Darling ' has been preceded by the farce of "A Regular Fix," in which the principal character has been played by the manager, Captain De Burgh, who therein has disclosed an agreeable aptitude for lively bustling parts of this deecription. To-night a drama with the title of "A Coined Life" will be given, aud Miss Marion Willis will therein make her reappearance after along absence. The performances at the Victoria-liall and at the St. George's Hall have been continued without material change. Mr. Locke Richardson has continued his admirable recitals. On Friday, Oct. 22, he gave " The Christmas Carol" and the wooing scene of " Henry the Fifth," and on Tuesday he repeated'' Twelfth Night" Last night he was to give "A Winter's Tale." The concluding nights of the clever and interesting exhibition at the Japanese Village are announced. On Saturday night an entertainment was given at the Masonic-hall for the benefit of M. Paul Aubert, who, among his other qualifications, includes that of an excellent fencing-master. The programme included the two farces of " A Rough Diamond," and " Ici on Parle FranSais." a " Grand Assault of Arms "—a recitation by Mr. Puggan, and a song by Miss Gosbell. The whole perform ance passed off very successfully. His Excellency and a portion of his family were present. On Monday night the Melbourne Lieder tafel gave their usual concert at the Town hall, and performed as the principal item on their programme^ Dvorak's "Spectre's Bride." Not so long ago, Dvorak was unknown. Now he has a world- wide reputation, and this cantata, or if you like, weird opera, or if you further like lyrical diabolism, of the " Spectre's Bride " was recently, or to speak by the chronological card, on the 12th of September, 18S5, at the Birmingham Mosieal Festival, produced for the first time under the direction of the composer himself. As a musical work it is wonderful, and may rank with the finest compositions of the greatest masters of any age. One of these days Dvorak will write an opera of the grand sort which will set the world wondering. Mean time be is content with cantatas. It may be asked why he selects such horrible themes? Why does he take ghosts, and dead bodies, and morgues as his rqaterials ? There is no accounting for the tastes of people ol genius. That "Danse Macabre" of St. Saens is of this kind. St. Siiens may have been in a despondent humour when be invented his i " Danse Macabre." In like ^manner Dvorak J may have written his " Spectre's Bride" when he wasshort of money. A man is ready to do almost anything when he is short, of money. Also, he is occasionally recklesB when bis liver is out of order. That is why he took up the cadaveric story as he found it He hod to fling out his heart somehow, I and as his heart was full of bitterness, and gloom, and resentment, he "unpacked" it, | not with words, but with wonderful music I No doubt Dvorak is a born poet His poetry I has taken the form of music, bat that is only j an accident He might have been an actor, a painter, an orator, a revolutionist. He was none of these.' He became a musician, and now the world is waiting for what he will do next Especially Dvorak knows what to do with his materials. He seems to be able to per form upon every known; instrument, includ ing the sackbut, and he makes them all con tribute to the effects he desires to bring about So, therefore, whether it be voice, string, or reed which has to help in the development of his ideas, he lays each one i under contribution precisely in the way that j the best judges know it was his duty to lay j them. He would have been well satisfied if he, had been present on Monday night He would have been satisfied with the instru mentation ; satisfied with Madame Boeua, who fulfilled the soprano obligations with both vocal and dramatic completeness; uith Mr. Robert ^enuedy, who gave notable utterance to the passages ; with Mi. R, H. Wad.-. himself tejofr. ably as the narrator ; and frith the chorus— upon the whole—for their onenesB of de» livery in putting in the required light and shade of the narration. With the efficiency of the conductor, Mr. Julius Siede, he could not help being delighted. Let it be added that there followed to the cantata eome miscellaneous items, in which Madame Iioetna, I Terr Riemers, Mr. Robert Kennedy, and Ilerr Siede took part, each one fulfilling the obligations required, not only with conscientiousness, but with an artistic enthusiasm which could not well result in other than entire success. Particular mention is to be made of "The Erl King," which, often as it has been heard in this city, was certainly never delivered with such dramatic nre aa by Madame Boeraa on this occasion. To-night the performance of" The Spectre's Bride" will be repeated. 