How a Man Who lia<i Cheated Him Came Sack After Death to Apologize. Vmonlomn, Pa., Aeios. . " I never "0 much on ghost stones," "began Contractor Yan Dyke at the Clinton House the other evening. The old gentleman had been listening with more or less attention to a series of fables being told by the guests of the hotel. : : . . " Weil. I don't know," the old contractor replied. , " Sly experience in that direction has been somewhat remarkable. I don't suppose you mil believe me. but the story I will tell youjs true. I can produce a living witness to it, and I will at any time make aflidavit to its accuracy. Two years ago I was building a piece of railroad down in the eastern part of this State. Among the people who furnished me ties was an old trader in whom I had little or no confidence. As the bills for the-ties came in I paid them promptly and took receipts from every , man. I knewto"the tie the number used. After toy contract was completed the old trader sued me for the pnee of fifty ties. The case was tried, and I was compelled to • paythe money The old man had sworn to his bill, and little or no defence could be made: When I paid the money I warned the old fellow. I toldhim he had perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhappy ending. About six months ago I was awakened at one o'clock mthe mormnghy this same old trader. It iwas dark ln^my^room. Just as -plainly- as. I w r akened"tneiby:eailing mynamcUBS'.'puaMn was in bed .in the same room just a fewrjteet'; from me. I.called him-and told: him of the 1 visitor's presence, He said he could not see. him and laughed at me; / He toid me I was dreaming, and suggested tbat I go to sleep. SVhile we were talking the old trader :called me by name. He said he had been mistaken about the ties; and offered to return me the imoney;: Thevision-thenvanished. Mypartner •talked with me of the matter before we went to sleep again; The next morning he told the story on:me as a joke, but while we were -at <bieakfast the.news reached us of the old 'trader's death. -He had;-died-within ten minutes of the time of his visit to me. I have, no idea -how -many more ,calls of the same character he had'to Tnake- but I am satisfiea ihisfinsit-.to me -was the last one. That story: is true as holy writ, the old man concluded. :A distressing silence .followed its telling and the party broke np before all recovered. Eather (irascibly)—" Who's got.my boot :jack:,i" Cora (smiling archly—" The cat.", — 