NEWS OF THE DAY. j -* A CABINET meeting yvas hold yesterday morning, all the Ministers being prosent. It is not intended to havo the usual meeting ot the Executive Council to-day, as the late Government held a meeting of the Executive on Thursday last to clear off tho arrears of business before going out of office. There will, however, probably bo an Executive Council meeting before the end of tho week. This morning, at 11 o'clock, a meeting of tho Cabinet will be held for tho purposo of preparing for the Ministerial re-olections. The announcement in the Legislativo Assembly this afternoon o£ the forma- tion on the Ministry, and tho motion for declaring the scats of the Ministers vacant, will probably bo made by Mr. J. P. Abbott That gentleman liad undertaken to perform this duty for tho coalition Government, and it is presumed that he -will undortake the same duty for tho present Government, It is intended, ive under- stand, to mako the Parliamentary recess as short as possible. Owing to the distanco between the various polling-places in the electorates of tho Bogan, the Ilume, and the Murrumbidgee, and the time occu- pied in obtaining from the various polling booths tho official returns of the polling, somo little delay must take place ; but it is the desire of the Ministry to mako the recess as short as possible, consistent yvith tho timo necessary for completing the re- elections. So far, no opposition to the return of any of the Ministers is anticipated. With regard to the Treasurer's financial statement, it is expected that only a very short timo will elapse after tho re-assembling' of Parliament before the statement is made. It is the intention of the Premier and somo of his colleagues to pay an offi- cial visit to the German Squadron thiB afternoon. THE Legislative Assembly will meet at tho usual hour to-day. Theio is a long business paper, comprising 10 questions, 19 notices of motion, and live orders of the day ; but it is not likely that any of these matters, in the absence of a Govern- ment, will bo proceded with. It is expected that when tho Speaker takes tho chair, somo lion, member will announco that Sir Patrick Jennings has formed an administration, and will move that the scats of tho members of tho new Government bo declared vacant. After tliis in all probability tho Hjuso will adjourn for three or four yveeks, in order to allow of the re- election of tho members o£ the Government, and to give them time to formulate their policy. Sin HENEY PAMCES, at the request of a number of members of the Legislativo Assembly, including some of influence in the House, has issued to those members of tho Assombly not directly connected with either the present or lato Government tho following circular : " Sydney, February 27th, 18SG. Sir,-I have been re- quested by a number of members of tho Legislative Assembly to invite your attendance at a meeting of such of the Liberal rnembors as have been acting to- gether in the piesent Parliament, to ' consider tho present unexpected state of political parties, and to de- cide upon a course of united action ; ' such meeting to be held in the back library of Porliament House on Tuesday, March 2, at 8 o'clock p.m. I am, &c;, HENRY PAKEES." A MEETrxa of the executive committee of Sir Henry Parkes' supporters was held last night at Milthorp's Hotel, corner of King and Tork streets. Mr. Fraser Martin occupied the chair, about a dozen gentlomen being present Some discussion took place as to whether tho representatives of the press present should bo allowed to remain, and a motion to the contrary yvas ultimately withdrayvn. Tho honorary secretary, Mr, N. Havvkon, reported that a proposal had been made to engage tho Protestant Hall, but that re- presentations had been made to him in favour of securing tho Exhibition Building in Prince Alfred Park. On the motion of Mr. J. Shepherd, M.L.A., seconded hy Mr. Wigley, the chairman and bon. secretary wero empowered to obtain the use of the largest hall pro- curable in Sydney on somo suitablo night. Subscrip- tion lists yvero opened to defray contingent expenses, and some other items of business having been trans- acted, the meeting adjourned. A MEETIXQ was held at the Toyvn Hall last night, under the auspiceB of the Protection and Political Reform League, to advocate the introduction of ad valorom duties as a means for tiding over the present public financial difficulty. The chair yvas occupied by Mr. William Richardson, and there was a largo attendance. Several addresses wero delivered, and resolutions in uni- son with the object of the meeting yvere agreed to. WE havo intelligence by cable of the death, in London, of Mr. Delves Bioughton, formerly Deputy Master of the Mint at Melbourne. Tho lato Mr. Broughton was bom in 1884 at Bletchley, Bucks, and his career in tho Civil Service of Great Britain dated from 1855. Ile served as piivate secretary to Mr. Robert Lowo (now Lord Shei brooke) when that gentleman yvas Chancellor of the Exchequer, and in 1877 was selected to succeed Colonel Ward as Eeputy Master o£ the Mint at Mel- bourne, which position he held till 1884. In that year, ho unfortunately yvas stricken down by an affection of the brain, and his many friends wero grieved to hear that his condition was such as to require his confinement in tho private asylum at Cremorne. He did not improve under skilled medical treatment, and ultimately it . was thought desirable that -ho should be sent to his friends in England. Tho journey yvas safely niado last year, but he did not long survive the change. Mrs. Broughton, whom ho married in 1861, is now hying in England with her only son. A DEPUTATION from tho Fire Brigades of Sydney waited upon tho Minister for Works (tho Hon. W. 3. Lyne) j esterday morning to request that freo railway passes from Sydney to Albury bo granted to tho fire- men who purposo visiting Sandhurst, Victoria, and taking part in the Fire Biigados Demonstration to be held there. Tasses for the conveyance of the men on the Victorian railways have ah cady been received from Melbourne. Superintendent Bear is to furnish tho Minister »vith a list of tho names of tho firemen for whom passes aio required, and if tho numbor of names bo not too gioat the passes will bo issued. AMONG tho passengers by tho s.s. Tarra, which arrived heio on Sunday, was the Right Bev. Dr. It. K. Kestoll-Cornish, tho Anglican Bishop of Madagascar. The bishop has como to Sydney specially to policit sub- scriptions in aid of tho church work which is boing carried on in Madagascar. ¡Six years ago ho collected in England .-£5000 towards tho cost of erecting a cathedinl in Antananarivo, the capital of Madagascar, and having been strongly recommonded to visit Sydney, whoio, i!, ivas represented to him, ho yvas certain of a cordinl welcome, and almost equally certain of receiving the assistance he is seeking, he determined to como hero. His stay in Sydney will depend entii ely upon sircumstances. After leaving hero his intention is to so to Melbourne, and perhaps Adelaide, and then re turning to Sydney leave hero for San Francisco, staying possibly for a time, on the way, in Now Zealand. ^ Ho io at present the guest of Archdeacon King, at Trinity Parsonage. Should the period of his stay in Sydney permit, an opportunity- will be afforded tho members of the Church of England to call upon him at the Church Society's Rooms, Phillip-street. THE visit of tho Rev. Mr. Muller to Sydney is drawing to a close. Ho will deliver a farewell address in tíie Scots Chuich, Church-hill, at half-past 7 o'clock this evening. H.M.S. Opal anchored in Farm Cove yesterday about noon, after being absent from Sydney since December l8. During tho cruise, which has been quite unevent- ful, the Opal called at Hobart, Bay of Islands, S.imoa, Tutuila, Levuka, and Suva, coming on from the latter port direct to Sydney. On nnchoring in Farm Cove sho saluted tho flag of Admiral Kuorr, of the German naval squadron, with 13 guns, and H.I.M.S. Bismarck acknowledged the salute. The Wolverene also saluted Admiral Knorr's flag, and the Bismarck again responded yvith l8 guns. YESTERDAY afternoon a meeting of temporáneo bodies was held at the Temperance Hall, to consider the com- position of the Di ink Commission. A good deal of interest yvas evinced in the matter, and it was resolved that the inclusion in tho Commission of persons pecuniarily interested in the drink traffic was objection- able. A cinctTLAR has recently been issued by the officer in charge of tho rabbit branch of the Mines Department to the rabbit inspectors, requesting them to take immediato steps to inform all persons concerned of important altera- tions in tho authorised Tates of payment for the destruc- tion of rabbits. These alterations are as follow :-" In lieu of the Department only awarding as subsidy on amounts paid by owners, 75 per cent, of 6d. per skin, the Minister has approved of the following rates :-75 per cent, will bo awai dod, yyhoro tho amount paid by owners doos not exceed (3d. (as at present) ; GO 2-8 per cent will bo awarded where tho amount paid exceeds Cd. nud does not exceed Is. ; 50 per cent, will bo awarded on nil amounts paid as bonus for skins, exceeding Is." The inspectors aro also requested to inform owners that as these alterations will havo effect from the 1st Janu- ary last, their subsidy claims for tho current quarter will be dealt with on this basis. THE works in connection yvith the Marrickville pump- ing maohinery aro proceeding satisfactorily, and the Oity Engineer anticipates that they will bo completed in a few days. Yesterday tho Mayor of Sydney appointed Mr. James Mitchell to the position of engi- neer in charge. TENDERS for the construction and erection of tho largo organ to 'bo placed in the Centennial Hall were opened by the Mayor of Sydney yesterday. They yvero 11 in number, and came from makers resident in Eng- land, Australia, America, and various parts of Europe. They havo been referred to a committeo of experts who were appointed some timo ago, and yvho this ovening will commence tho consideration of thom. A DEPUTATION of stockowners will yvait upon the Mayor of Sydney to-morrow, on the'subject ef the stock Bales at Homobush. ME, RunonrH PATEK has written to tho Mayor of Sydney, stating his' intention to organise a city band. This ho proposos shall consist of about 36 of the most efficient musicians in tho'city, and ho hopes that it will recoivo public support. Mr. Patek asked his Worship for tho uso of tho Town Hall vestibule in which to give a private concert "in tho presence of tho Mayor and aldermen and some leading citizens, and this has been granted for Wednesday night THE Mayor and aldermen of tho city intend paying their rospeots to Rear- Admiral Knorr, of tho German frifrato Bismarck, to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. THE thirteenth shipment of Now South Wales ex- hibits for tho Colonial and Indian Exhibition left Sydney for London on Saturday last, on board of the s.s. John Elder. It consisted of 51A tons, chiefly of furniture and wines. Tho total shipments up to the piesent time have amounted to about 360 tons. An additional, and probably the final, consignment is to leave by the Peninsular and Oriental S..S. Company's steamer Bengal, yvhich will Bail next Friday. In nil there will be about 20,000 separate exhibits from this colony, some particulars' of which appear in another column. A jatEETiNo of tho New South Wales Commission for the Colonial and Indian Exhibition will he held at the Colonial Secretary's office at 4 o'clock this after- noon. ANOTHER boat accident, resulting in the loss of three Uves, occurred in the harbour on Sunday. Three of the crow of the s.e. Austial embarked in ono of the vrhalo boats belonging to that vessel in the early morning, and conveyed a party of friends to Manly. Tho yvind was blowing strongly, and the sea at the Heads was veiy rough. The craft ran down to Manly in safoty. Tho occupants of the boat, with tho exception of the de- ceased men, left her and remained at the village. On the run home the craft yvas caught by a roller and swamped off Dobroyd Head. Portions of the boat have been picked up, but no traces of the men have yet been seen. An account of the disaster appears elsewhere. THEIR Honors the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Faucett, and Mr. Justice Innes continued yesterday tho hearing of the Equity appeal Jamieson and others v. Forrester and others. One witness was examined beforo the argu- ment was proceeded with. Mr. Stephen, Q.C., was arguing in support of the decree of his Honor the Primary Judge when the adjournment hour arrived. A District Court appeal, Langford v. Johnson and another, was formally mentioned, and ordered to stand over till Friday. In Equity, before his Honor Sir W. Manning, Primary Judge, the suit of Harper v. M'lhvraith was finished, the result being that his Honor refused to decree specific performance. The suit of Reuss v. The Mutual Provident Land Investing and Building Society, Limited, also a suit for speciflo performance, was commenced, and stands part heard. So much has been said lately about the Botany Bwamps supplying the city yvith water, that it is not unlikely that many people imagine they aro our only source of supply. This is, however, quito orroncous. The Lachlan Swamps supply South Sydney, tho northern portion of Woolloomooloo, and that part of the city adjacent to Oircular Quay. Yester- day morning Mr. Stacey, superintendent o£ tho Lachlan Swamp, yvas at tlio Town Hall, and explained tho reason why men sent out to him as labourers " throw up their billets " and, seek other modes of making a living. " Tho men sent out to mo by the Mayor," ho Salid, "aro always coming and going. I can't keep them at all. Why is this, do you ask ? Well, the work is undoubtedly hard. I need about 80 men out there as long as we continue without rain, and until the Marrickville pumps get to work but tho men that aro sent out keep leav- ing mo, sometimes sis and seven men in a day. You seo these men hove to work at tho pumps. Tho pump used is known as the Californian pump, which takes a gang of 12 men to work it at a time. The pump resembles a grindstone yvith little ' Bcup3, or, boxes for the water which is caught up as the ' grindstone ' revolves. In this way the water is taken from a dam at the swamps, and ' shot ' into Busby's Bore. It takes four men at a timo turning the handles of this pump. They work only one minute at a time, and then rest two minutos. The gang of 12 is divided into three ' relays ' of four each. Wo average 40 revolutions a minute yvith this wheel pump. The men get 7a a day, but on Sundays they get double that amount. Some of the men sent out to mo on seeing the sort of work they aro required to do, turn up their nose and go away grumbling at tho hard lot that falls to the poor man." THE schooner Glossarial, belonging to this port, foundered yostorday morning at 7 o'clock, off tho Man- ning Heade. Tho captain and crow won» saved. These facts were rocoived by telegram by the Marino Board during the forenoon. The Glossarial was a wooden vessel of 80 tons registor, and was built at Shoalhaven in 1877. She waa owned by Mr. R. Pyers, of this city. THE Marino Board sat yesterday afternoon, and con- sidered two cases of mishaps to vessels. Captain Broomfield presided, and thoro wero also present Captains Jenkins, M'Lean, Robertson, and Moodie, and tho secretary, Commander Lindeman, 1Î.N. Some slight additional evidence was adduced in connection with tho recent collision off Moore's Wharf, between tho steamer City of Grafton and tho brig Amy, on tho 0th ultimo- Tho witnesses who yvero examined wero- Henry William M'Aulay, a pilot stationed at Clarence Heads, who yvas a passenger on board of tho steamer, and was standing on tho bridge at the time of the accident -, Hector Kidd, a passenger; and Joseph Robbins, the chief officer of the Derry Castle. The board, after deliberation, failed to see any cause fcr preferring a charge of default, and they accordingly dismissed tho case. Judgment was given in connection with the wreck of the steamer Murray, a paddle steamer of 271 tons burthen, which recently struck on a rock three miles south of the old bar at the Manning River. It was ordered that Captain Daniel Anthon bo called on to appear and show cause, on tho 8th instant, why his certificate should not be suspended or cancelled. On Sunday last tho newly-erected school hall in con- nection with the Hunter- Baillie Memorial Church, which is being built at the junction of Johnston and Collins streets, North Annandale, was opened for public worship under very auspicious circumstances. The Rev. P.1 Falconer Mackenzie officiated in the forenoon, and preached an appropriate sermon from tho words, Ps. xcvi., 84 : " Bring an offering and come into His courts. Oh, worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness." Tho Rev. W. S. Frackelton, B.D., conducted tho service in the evening, preaching from the text 1 Cor. vi., 19-20, "What, know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost? " &c.; On both occasions there were largo and interested congregations. The hall is n really elegant structure, and reflects great credit upon the architects, Blacket Brothers, and ' the contractor, Mr. A. Stuart, of Parramatta-road. It is surmounted by a belfry, in which is hung a nicely-toned bell. The internal fittings are neat and chaste. The hall is open-roofed, and has good acoustic properties -, there is a large window at each end, and four smaller windows at either side, all composed of coloured cathedral glass, which affords abundance of light. It is intended to utilise the building meanwhile both as a church and Sunday school. The people of the district are to be congratu- lated upon obtaining so handsome a gift, and no doubt they will duly appreciate it. The opening services are to be continued next Sunday. On Friday, February 19, Mr. Edward Haslingden,_ a very old colonist, died at Coohomata, in the Bega dis- trict. Mr. Haslingden was born at Manchester in 1810, and landed in Sydney 22 years later, from the brig Mail. In conjunction with Mr. Lord, he carried on a large business under the style of John Lord and Co., the firm being also inte- rested in station properties. He was one of the pro- moters of tho Commercial Bank, and on the passing of the Church Property Act of 1886, was elected with the late Hon. John Campbell, M.L.C., a trustee of old St Philip's Church. In 1848 Mr. Haslingden removed to Monaro, whero ho was an ex- tensivo station-holder, and in 1857 went to Bega, settling at Jellat Jellat, and was one of the first selectors in that district under the Land Act of 1861. Ho was a J.P., and presidod at the first potty sessions in Bega He was also sheriffs deputy until failing sight com- pelled his retirement, and was likewise a trustee of St John's Church in Bega. Latterly he was afflicted with total blindness, but derived great consolation from having been taught to read from tho alphabet for 'the blind. It is worthy of mention that about 50 years ago Mr. Haslingdon, with Mr. E. Manning, had all the Parramatta River steamer trade. His remains were interred in the Kameruka Cemetery on tho day following his decease. Mr. Haslingden, who was greatly respected, has left a widow, nino children, and ten grand-children. SOME appeals against the city assessment will be heard at tho Metropolitan District Court (second court) by Jutlgo Dowling, at 10 o'clock this morning. THE steamer Mount Kembla left tho position shohad occupied near the sido of tho S.S. Austral at 4.30 a.m. yesterday, and tho water police immediately commenced to search for the body of the man Norby, who is sup- posed to havo been drowned through falling over tho side of the vessel (the Mount Kembla) on Sunday morning. Owing to tho grappling-irons fouling yvith the cables attached to the ships berthed at tho quay, the work of dragging for tho body had to bo discontinued. It is believed that the remains are lying underneath the Austral. The searching operations will bo resumed as Boon as a suitable opportunity presents itself for the re- covery of the body. THE fifth annual picnic of the Trade and Benefit Society of the amalgamated plumbers, galvanised iron- workers, and gasfitters took place yesterday, and yvas vory largely attended, over 1000 persons being present. The members of the association assembled at tho Town Hall at an early hour in tho morning. A procession yvas then formed, and, headed by tho new banner and a band, the men marched through all the principal streets of the city to the Government jetty at the Circular Quay. Arrived at tho water's edge, they, together yvith their yvives and sweethearts, embarked on the steamers yvhich were lying in readi- ness to receive them. The party then left for Clontarf. The ran down the harbour was much enjoyed by both young and old, and the holiday-makers lined the sides of the steamers, and gazed yvith considerable in- terest at the fleet of war-ships, English and German, which are now anchored off Pinchgut. On landing at Clontarf the dark and threatening masses of cloud rolled away, and the sun shone out brilliantly. Tho rest of the day was really delightful, and the ex- cursionists passed a pleasant time in participating in the games and Bports which had been arranged for their de- lectation by the committee. Toys wero distributed to the children, and some of tin juniors entered into the different races yvith considerable zest. Tho party returned to town shortly after 6 o'clock in the even- ing- , ' A LAROE number of the clergy and laity, including a good proportion of ladies, met at the Church Society's Rooms, Phillip-street, yesterday afternoon, for the pur- pose of presenting to the very Rev. Dean Cowper an address and testimonial prior to his departure for Europe. Sir Alfred Stephen, Lieut- Governor, occupied the chair, and, in a few feeling remarks, presented to tho Dean tho address^ and testimonial, the latter con- sisting of 400 sovereigns, which sum will bo augmented when all the subscriptions are in. Tho remarks of Sir Alfred Stephens, and the reply of the Dean, will be found in another column. Tns question of tho accommodation afforded growers in the Sydney Fruit Market was further considered at a meeting of fruitgrowers held at Horwood's Hotel, Baulkham Hills, on Saturday evening last Mr. G. T. Suttor presided, and thoro was a good attendance. Resolutions similar to those adopted at ltj'do and Pa3unant Hills wero unanimously carried, and delegates appointed to act in conjunction with those appointed at tho meetings named. At a subsequent meeting a re- solution was carried approving of tho disposal of the cases yvith fruit. The next meeting is to bo held at Smithfield on Wednesday evening. TUE sittings of the Central Criminal Court wero commenced yesterday morning at the Darlinghurst Courthouso, before his Honor Mr. Justice Windoyor.' Mr. J. H. Want (Attorney-General), the Hon. H. E. Cohen, and Mr. L. F. Heydon appeared to conduct the prosecutions on behalf of the Crown. A number of jurymen yvero fined for non-attendance. John Sparling was found guilty upon a charge of shooting yvith intent to do grievous bodily harm, and waa remanded for sentence. George Train, a boy, and William Pendred, a middle-aged man, wero found guilty on separate charges of manslaughter, and yvero remanded for sentence In the caso of a boy named William Lawlers indicted upon a charge of having feloniously slain his sister, Sarah Lawlers, at Bukclang, on the 28th November lost, tho evidence showed that death yvas caused through an accident with a gun. When the case had closed, and the jury had retired, the Judgo recalled the jurymen, and stated that ho thought the case yvas one in which ho should exercise tho following provision in the Crown Law Con- solidation Act:-"Provided that in any case, if the Judgo is of opinion that, having regard to all the cir- cumstances it yvould properly bo met by a nominal punibhment, it shall be lawful for him to discharge tho jury from giving any verdict, and such discharge shall operate as an acquittal." His Honor then discharged tho accused, and cautioned him against tho careless use of firearms in the future. Tho sittings of the Court will bo resumed at 10 o'clock this morning. A MEETiNO of the United Furniture Trade Society was hold yesterday evening at tho Barley Mow Hotel. Thero yvas a moderato attendance of members. Tl.o chair yvas ocoupied by the president of the society, Mr. W. T. Middlebrough. The business was not ol an im- portant character. Tho minutes of the previous meeting wero read and confirmed, and a number of new members yvero admitted. It was resolved that a meeting of the society should bo held on Monday evening next. This concluded tho business, and the meeting closed. LAST evening a public meoting was held in St John's Presbyterian Church, Paddington, to celebrate the opening of a now transopt, the religious services in con nection with which had been held on the preceding day. The addition to the churoh is 80 x 60 feet, and will juBt double the sitting accommodation. Tho contract was let to Messrs. Tucker and Avies, the masons' work yvis done by Mr. L. Lees, and Mr. David M'Beath was tho architect. The cost 'was about £2000, including some alteration to the portion of tho old building, and also to the manso. The Rev. Dr. Gilchrist, pastor uf the church, presided, and brief addi esses wero de- livered by several ministers. Tho church choir rendered several anthems during tho progress of tho meeting in a very pleasing manner. BY the S.D. Catterthun, yvhich sailed on Saturday for Hongkong to cull 'at the intermediato ports ol' Cambridge Gulf and King's Sound in tho Kimberley district of Western Australia, there yvas forwarded a consignment of 200 rams from the stud flock of Mr. A. L. Faithfull, of Spring- field, Goulburn. Those rams aro intended for use in the flocks of Messrs. S. Emanuel and Co., of King's Sound, Kimberley, nnd are of high-class breeding, being described by Mr. Faithfull as a very superior lot Tho wholo of them are sired by his prizo sheep of the last Wagga shoyv, and entirely of " Grand Princo " blood. They will be a groat acquisition to tho flocks in the new country. YESTERDAY tho City Coroner (Mr. H. Shiell, J.P.) commenced an inquiry at No. 2, Toxteth-road, Globo, touching the death of the late Mrs. Stuart, wife of Professor Anderson Stuart Tho deceased had been un- well for somo time ; but no serious apprehensions were entertained regarding her conditionnas 6he had had medical advice. Sho retired to rest on Saturday night at about 10 o'clock,, being apparently in her usual health. Nest morning her dead body was found lying on the bed in her room. After taking somo formal evi- dence, his Worship adjourned tho inquiry until Friday next, in order that an analysis of the contents of the stomach may be made. i ABOUT 12.80 p.m. yesterday a young man named George Buff, yvhilst looking for some cattle in tho bush near the Bunnorong-road, discovered tho skeleton of aman lying on the ground. The matter was reported to the police and the remains were removed to tho South Sydney Morgue. Dr, Dansey subsequently examined them and gavo it as his opinion that tho man had bpon dead for three or four months. Somo old clothing was found upon tho remains. A packet of tea and a salmon tin wero also discovered close to the skeleton ; the tin had evidently boon used as a " billy " for boiling water in. The sum of Is. Od. yvas found in tho pockets of tho clothing, but there was nothing yvhich would serve to establish tho identity of the deceased. The City Coroner has been informed. A yviDoyv, named Mary M'Cluro, who lately resided at Heath-street, Waterloo, expired in the Sydnoy Hos- pital on Sunday night from tho effects of burns which she receivod accidentally on the 13th of last month. Deceased was about 60 years of ago. Tho matter has bren reported to tho coroner, and an inquest will pro- bably bo hold to-day. ANOTHER case of drovrning took place in tho harbour yesterday. At about 7.45 p.m. a man, name unknown, fell from tho Hunter River Wharf, at tho foot of Markot-street, and yvas drovvnod botorp assistance could bo rendered to him. A Dutch seaman, named Eranie, belonging to tho seamship Namoi, heard a splash in tho water at tho time stated, and the watchman, John Vo.\e, ran along the wharf and threw a lifo buoy to the man yvho yvas seen struggling in tho water. Ho failed to grasp it and sank. Ho was ultimately taken out of tho harbour, and efforts were made to restore animation. These failed, and ho was conveyed to the Sydney Hospital, whoio Dr. R. Westrum, on examining tho body, pronounced life to bo extinct. Tho remains wero convoyed to tho Circular Quay Morgue. The matter has been reported to the City Coroner, and an inquest will in all probability be held to-day. Tho following ia a description of tho deceased :-About 5 feet Sf inches in height, fair com- plexion, olean shaved, hair rather long and gioy, medium build ; dressed in a blue serge coat and vest, with striped tweed trousers, and several of the front teeth in upper jaw missing. YESTERDAY morning a lively scone occurred near tho Chinese quarters in Lower George-street A thicksot man, apparently a digger, entered a shop and struck a Mongolian on the mouth, breaking a meerschaum pipo yvhich the man was smoking. A constable yvas sent for, but ho was defied by the assailant, who commenced to assault him. Tho attack was so fierce that tho con- stable found it necessary to u=o a pair of handcuffs in self-protection. Tho policeman' struck the man on the forehead with the irons, and foiled him, but he was up. in an instant, and renewed the assault still more savagely. Several persons, from a crowd of two or three hundreds, ran off, a second constable yvas brought, and a hard struggle for the mastery took place. Eventually, the offender's arms yveio secured, but he kicked right and left with a hoavy pair of boots, and in a fit of savage frenzy aotually lifted and swung both his captors round. As each officer weighed probably not less than 17 stone, the strength which was oxorted can bo understood. With tho assistance of a police-Bergeant, the infuriated man was eventually locked up, foaming at tho mouth and struggling with all his force. AT tho opening of the Water Police Court, yesterday, Mr. T. R. Wilshiro,- D.S.M., took his seat in the Charge Court Mr. Lowe stated that, on behalf of tho profession present, ho had great pleasure in welcoming Mr. Wilshire to that court If report spoke truly, justico yvould bo dealt out by Mr. Wilshiro in the samo fair spirit that was characteristic of him, and ho yvas certain that, if it yvero necessary, tho profession yvould havo the greatest pleasure in assisting him in his very onerous duties. Ho again had groat pleasure in, welcoming him. Mr. Richards corroborated the remarks ot Mr. Lowe. Mr. Wilshiro rose and said that he was pleased at the welcome given him by Mr. Lowe and Mr. Richards, and trusted that the good-fellowship which existed and should exist between the Bench and tho profession yvould^long con- tinue. CARDINAL MORAN, yvo learn from tho New Zealand papers, arrived at. Wellington on February 19. A launch went out to meet tho Rotomahana, yvith the Hon. Mr. Buckley and tho reception committee on board. A largo number of clergy Waited on tho wharf, and thero was a fair attendance of tho public. Somo timo was spent in allowing those who wished to pay their devoirs to tho Cardinal beforo ho landed, and a procession was then formed of H.A.C.B.s and carriages, with two bands, to St Patrick's College. Thero tho students received Cardmal Moran, and an ad- dress was presontod on Sunday, February 21. Cardinal Moran performed the dodicalion coremony of St. Patrick's College, yvhich.yvas opened some time ago. Ho yvas met at the entronco to tho chapel, and escorted to the throne by Bishops Luck, Murray, Moran, Redwood, Reynolds, and about 30 priests. Pontifical high mass yvas celebrated by Bishop Roynolds I of Adolaide, after which Cardinal Moran delivered a | powerful address, in which tho objects and aim of tho collego were set forth. In the courso of his address, and referring to the subject of State aid being granted to their schools, ho said ho had no doubt that before many years the present stato of things would bo remedied, and they yvould receive aid ; but in the mean- time they yvould continuo to urge their inalienable rights in this matter, although they would do so with all moderation and duo consideration of the rights of others, THE approaching completion of the Adolaide Melbourno Railway is causing tho Commissioner of Public Works oj: South Australia to dovoto considerable attention to tho probable trafilo arrangements. Of lourso (says the Advertiser) nothing has yet been defi- nitely settled ; but an attempt yvill bo made to run trains between Adelaide and Melbourne in l8 hours. Tho journey from Adelaide to Servicctown, tho boun- dary station, will, it is expected, occupy 8 hours, tho distance being 180 miles, l'rom. Servicetown to Mel- bourne the distanco is 310 miles, and this will havo to bo run in 10 hours if the expected rato of travelling is to bo accomplished. Our section of tho lino will in all likelihood bo opened in April, but the Victorian portion will not bo completed for about six months. Tho ques- tion of fares has yet to hu considered ; but taking the through lato at 2d. per mile, tho amount would bo £4 1B. 8d., and it is moro than possible that there will bo a reduction on this sum. RESPECTING the development of the Northern Terri- tory, the Port Darwin correspondent of tho South Australian Advertiser yvrites:-"Tho steamer Palmer- ston returned on the 16th January with Messrs. Cuthbertson and Kingston, yvho for some time past have been surveying land on tho Roper and M'Arthur rivers. From these gentlemen I haye been ablo to gather several intarpHtinir nartioulars. The new toyvnshiD of Borroloola. which was sold on November 5 at an average of £86 a» allotment, is situated 37 miloo from the mouth of the M'Arthur, and is supplied by permanent springs with fresh water. On the western side of the creek surveyed for township purposes is level country, about half of it being fairly timbered, yvith a sandy soil, which is inclined to bo boggy after heavy rains. Rocky Creek carries water all the year round, and serves for watering largo mobs of cattlo passing. The head station of Messrs. Amos Bros, and Broad lies in a south- westerly direction from tho township about 40 miles distant, and tho river has to be crossed tvvico, BO that carriage between the tablelands and M'Arthur landing is stopped during heavy rains. The country is woll grossed, and abounds with black currant and gooseberry bushes, bearing good fruit. At present thero is a population ot about 200 in or near tho township, and tho residents aro all complaining bocause tbo Government havo given no police protection to tho place. Tho districts outsido the township aro tho resort of those who dare not go to Queensland or on to the telcgiaph lino, and theft, pugilistic encounters, and lawlessness roign supremo and unohocked. Tho natives also aro treacherous. Mr. M'Lcod reports that on ono occasion alono these savages stolo £800 worth of drapery, and alteryvards yvoro scon decked out in Bedford cords and tweed coats. On the tablelands tho natives are peaceable and causo no tro able." _ Ox Saturday last, in tho Supremo Court, Mr. Alfred Ernest Mayhew wns admitted as nn nttornoy, solicitor.-nnd proctor of tho said curt. In the report published yester- day his name yvas misprinted. THE meeting to arrnngo for a farewell banquet to Alder- man Hancock, of Balmain, yvhich was advertised for Wednesday, yvill tnko place this evening at 8 o'clock, in tho Balmain town-hall. THE number of week-day visitors at the National Art Gallery for February yvaa 8503, im averngo for 24 days of 364 per day. Number of Sunday visitors, 7048 ; an average for four Sundays of 1762 per Sunday. Total for the month, 15,551. . Ox Sunday afternoon, at St. Paul's Sunday, School, E.C., Canterbury, a beautifully illuminated address, exe- cuted by Sands and Co., was presented by tho teachers in tim nbovo school to Mr. Sayers, on the occasion of his leaving the parish. Tho rector, the Rev. George Stiles, , being unavoidably absont, the teachers requested Mrs. Stiles to present the address. In doing so she mado grace- ful allusion to the unswerving efforts of Mr. Sayers and his daughters in tho Sunday-Bchool. Much regret Í3 felt at the loss of Mr. Sayeis. THE report of tho Sydney Hospital for tho week ended 27th February is as follows :-Admitted : 32 males, 17 females-total, 49. Discharged : 24 males, 17 females total, 41. Died : 3 males, 4 females-total 7. Remaining: 150 males, C5 females-total, 215. Casualties troated, but not admitted, 56. 