CAULFIELD. MELTIOÜIINB, Thursday af toraoon.-Thia morning was & capital morning for work. Ben Bolt went a good striding gallop over tho Cup distanoe, Ohuokster joining him a milo, fromhomo. Tho son of Newbold pulled up well. Anarohy* Warfield, and Lando were treated co a strong five furlöngB» Western put in a usoful mile. Sussex Horso and Narrung were put to somo good half-pace work on tho tan. White« bait and Ambassadress strodo along in oompany for five ot ?ix furlongs. IConnoth, af tor a preliminary, put in a fas( mile. M astor John ran homo with him for tho last Ava furlongs. Beckworth was troated to a round on the sandi and did good striding work. Bonnie Lad, accompanied b» Geraldine, jumped over the sohooling hurdle»- la goo». style twine, goba;? a goodseryiceablepaco.. Union followed .for useful worki Retort, accompanied by Eugene and Car. sarron for the first half-mile, covered the Guineas dis. tauco. Lady i Ashton put in some medium work on tho .tan. Townley finished with half-pace work. Preston ran'a useful mile. Highland Chief waa treated. to n serviceable round. His stable companion, Blondín, Jtopt him company for the last five furlongs. Clarendon ana St. Albort galloped a mile in company, going so strong that tho ridor of Clarendon did not Bucoeed in pulling him up until he had completed another round. Young Horatio put in a round at a useful pace. Silvermine, accompnniod bv Bonnie Doon, strode once round for good strong work ¡ tho, former went nico and freely, and pulled up sound. The latter is very free, in motion, and takes to her »voik kindly. Charge and Faithful brushed along on sand. Sirocco compassed a round or two at a Btoody pace. Glentworth and Lady Lovell brushed along three fur longs; both movod along in good form. Footman.and Borkloy did a strong round in company. First Pop, Cod land, and Albanua covered a round on the sand. Littlo John was treated to a couple of rounds at about half pace on the gi ass. Hts brother Jem Cain strode once round at a medium pace, and finished up strongly. King of tho WoBt, Graceless, and Urius wero sent for long useful work on the sand and tau. Crickot, Patience, and Lomny were similarly treated. Hot Iron and Millstream ran a sharp half-mile. Orono and Empress jogged ulong on the sand. The Ghost rattled along for five furlongs with T. Williams up. Grace Darling and Gadfly wore restricted to quiet oxeroise, tho pair having been sent strong mile yesterday, terminating m favor of the former. Cestus, Julian Gray, and Alexandria, brushed along for half a mile, in company with Meerschaum, DayBtar, and Dexter. After somo quiet work on tko grass, each brushed .alopg for six or seven furlongs .on tho sand. Camerino Strode along on the turf for five furlongs, 