THEATRE ROYAL. MR. TITHERADGE BENEFIT. Mr. Titheradge must have been highly gratified both by the magnitude of the audience and by the enthusiasm of his reception last night at the Theatre Royal. It was crowded from the floor to the ceiling, and the burst of applause which greeted his appearance on the scene in the " customary suits of solemn black which Hamlet done was quite tumultuous in its heartiness. Equally complimentary was the hushed attention which was paid to the performance throughout, the cheers which followed the more popular scenes and | situations, and the call received by him at the end of each act. His interpretation of the arduous character of Hamlet is not one to call forth any fervent eulogy. His careful, intelligent, and well thought out. It is also unconventional. In aiming to be natural and conversational, Mr. Titheradge is apt to become commonplace. He does not offend you, but he fails to impress you. You feel that it is a scholarly reading of the character, but that he does not get inside of it. You never lose sight of Mr. Titheradge. It is a well graced actor who is speaking, but not the melancholy, philosophic Prince of Denmark. The scene with the Ghost in the first act is subdued and becomingly reverential; his interview with the players was tame and effective ; his soliloquy on life and death also fell flatly ; but his interview with his mother one of his best scenes-" brought down the house." It would be incorrect to say that Mr. Titheradge's Hamlet was a disappointment. It was clever, consistent, and interesting. It probably expressed with reasonable accuracy his own conception of the character, but it was not the Hamlet that one is accustomed to see when the part is vivified%by'an actor of genius. It wanted the spark of fire which illuminates and con- secretes a really great performance. It is only right to add that it was evidently greatly enjoyed by a not inconsiderable section of the audience. The general cost of the tragedy was Satisfactory. Mrs. George Gordon gave an excellent reading of the character of the Queen, and quite deserted the call she received after the closet scene. Mr. Ireland. was heard to much advantage as the King, and more particularly, in his delivery of the soliloquy in the third act, beginning "0, roy offence is rank." Mr. Leake imparted an appropriate amount of solemnity to the Ghost, but Mr. Sterling Whyte was by no means an acceptable Polonius, after what we have had on the Melbourne stage. Miss Maggie Knight is probably the best Ophelia available and the Horatio of Mr. Fenton, the Laertes of Mr. Jewett, and the First Player and Osric of Mr. Inman, left little to be desired. At the close of the fourth act Mr. Garner led Mr. Titheradge on the stage, and in a humorous speech expressed his own gratification at the largeness of the assemblage, and his willingness as a manager to run "Hamlet" for the next five weeks, provided he could calculate upon similarly good houses. Mr. Titheradge next addressed the audience in a modest and grateful speech, in which he referred to a former prophecy of his respecting the future of the drama in this city, and pointed out that Melbourne was now the centre of the largest theatrical enterprise in the world, namely, that which is conducted in three cities by Messrs, Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove. 