MB. L'ESTRANGE A TALE OP AN ATLANTIC LOfBE. _ chap. m. Tha reputation of the Atlantic Ocean to i been eo utterly lost, that no abnse rf It by me rain defame it As the moat whimsical, wrathful, spiteful of oceans. « w out too well known. It was my ate to be a victim of its temper six da donng which I endured all that a poor nervous invalid on suffer. Storms oiew A" round the compass. I seemed bo rolling night and day unceasingly now In tills direction, now in that. My bed wm like a billow, I like a log tumbling over it. The steward who attended to me coolly spoke of the tem- peata as spring gales of rather a gentle ort. I have the impression that I & not weep through these six daps and nights but this nobody will credit I admit Jbat I was often in a state of dnll lethargy, incapable of osiog limbs or wwe yet consciouB of what was eoinir on near me. Theodore was a born sailor ; the more Boreaa blew, the livelier he became. For tile first two days, the kind fellow tended We like a woman ; brought the doctor to see me, ministered to my humours, im portuned me with the robust man's con solations. I begged him to leave me in peace. lie third day he obeyed me almost literally ; for on that day I do not remember seeing him, except when wb to bed. His berth was over mine, and he had that night a long struggle to get into it, which pat me in to fever to witness. I thought it was the raging waters that made hi so dnmsy ; I now know that he had been onnxing champagne. On the fourth day I saw little ot him ; the fifth he came into oar stateroom several times and hurriedly. He always spoke to me, wd appeared to look at me with a peculiar anxiety. Once the steward came to the door and conld not open. it. Theodore roae from the floor, and in an agitated voice asked what was wanted. He did not open the door, which he had bolted. I was getting a little better, and this incident struck mw Subse quent events no donbt Intensified my remembrance. I seemed to know that something furtive was going on, and was uneasy, but too shattered by weakness to bestir myselt __ The sixth day, Theodore remained in his berth until the afternoon. I heard bim groan over my head several times and toss about uneasily. About four o'clock he got up, after drinking his fonrth glass of brandy and soda. The steward eyed him very strangely, I thought ; and then the man eyed me in quiringly, as he held the empty glass and talked about the improving weather. After dressing. Theodore sat on the soft staring at the floor, as though looking right through the ship's bottom. He was pale, shivered from time to time, mattered to himself, bat never took his eyes from the floor. I grew alarmed as I watched him. At first I thought he was going to be sea-sick after all ; that his reckless indulgence in food, drink, and tobacco bad found Ail point of gas tric toleration. Bat the expression of despair which cut deeper and deeper into his foce, making its whiteness more marble-like continually, was not that of a sickening man ; or rather, it was the manifestation of a mind dinnitnnd 'Wfaak ails you Theodore 1' I asked, in a tone eo hoarse that I did not recog nise my own voice. Illness had indeed . changed me in every way. He jumped up, as if he bad been struck in the back ; his eyes ran round the room, then rested on me, as if he did not know me. For a moment we stared in silence. How do you feel, Charley ! ha stud, advancing to me. ' How do you feel, Theodore P 'MeP rubbing his head with both hands energetically — ' me, Charley 1 Why, yon know I am always first-class.' ' Don't try to impose npon me, brother yon are ill — worse than I have been.' ' Impose ! What on earth do you mean P His face was scarlet ; he Bhook, and he caught at the tide of the berth, as if he were foiling. I got on to my elbow and tried to leave the bed, bnt the effort was too great ; my head swam ; I fell back help lessly. I lay still awhile. Theodore returned to his seat on the soft, and again fixed his eyes on the floor- as be fore. The dinner-bell rang. ' Are you going to dinner, Theodore P ; I asked. He did not reply. I repeated the. question. He looked at me, muttered, and began to move about 'j Again I asked the question. 1 ' No ; I do not want to est' he raid j shortly. | 'Ton have eaten nothing to-day.' : 1 1 am not hungry. — Don't bother me, : Charley.' Theodore,. I insist npon knowing : what baa produced this extraordinary change in yon. Tell me, or I will get up and bring the doctor. What has made yon ill P ' Really and truly, Ghsrley; I am not ill at all J a bit out of sorts. — Lie still; you are as weak as a kitten. — What will you havB Cor dinner F I will not eat again, until yon tsll me what is preying npon your mind. Yon frighten me, Theodore. Only something of the moat extraordinary nature conld have metamorphoeed yoa into the haggard, harassed wretch that yon have become. Yon are a perfect » red.' Be laughed, a wild, passionate, toock- . iag laugh, and turned his foes from me. The steward knocked at" the door, calling to ssk if X would have - some dinner. 'Bo have something, Charley,' said Theodore, who -became suddenly col lected, ' audi will dine with you. — Hare, toward, comein.' The door opened, tire stesrardentered, and with him tiie doctor. ' A fl— a few inqtririsstogmdingmy heal Hi, the litter said to Theodore t ' I want to show you those things I qjokeof in-tny cabin.' Mybrotherlookedat him wito intense surprise, then a flash of audEratanding shot into Ida ryes, and "be uiH ina quavering - voice : .'Twill be. wiih yoa in fim mlmrtaa T am not dressed. .. I hiff not been 'stone -mahy inrtants, when the steward entered "Uiy wpm:m a stealthy manner, snd caam tii to tn whispering t Has yon brother told yon P TMdmelWhatP "Of Marrow fo the smnkMoam laat What do yoo mean T Why, yon see, he was playing cards lust s of mouey-Bo if"re- _? eeurae I was not there ; i d0S 01 WkiDB S «enl1- r-,-if0a!!ed B? deeP'j' man was frightened, .and made clumsy excuses for mentioning tile matter. I pressed his hand reassuringly, but I conld not speak ; then I motioned to him to leave me. How can 1 describe the abyss of despair into which the story hurled me J Theodore gambling, drinkW nnarrel- Hng, going to the bed already ! Gam bling! All at once recurred the scene of the banknotes he had held before me when I fell ilL I had -forgotten it. Then returned the boy's- wild behaviour at the dinner-table. L'Estrauge Ah 1 that evil being had justified my opinion of him. Oh, why had I been ill f My absence had permitted this terrible de basement of my brother. Hours seemed to pass before Theo dore returned. He did not speak, but began to pull off_his clothes, as if coino to bed. The light was turned down to a glimmer. He thought I was asleep. ' Do not undress, Theodore,' I said, as calmly as I could ; turn np the light' Do yon want something, Charley P ' Yes,I want to talk to you.' Put it off till morning ; Fm so tired that I cannot talk' He eighed wearily. No, Theodore ; I most talk, however tired yon are. Come here, unhappy oy» and toll me what yon have been doin Whom did yon strike in the smoke-room!' , He recoiled from me and made for the door. I sprang nut from my berth and caught bim by the arm.. ' Let me go, Charley, for mercy's sake ! I cannot remain here ; it will kill ma His looks of horror, his mad efforts to tear my hands from him, his ecstasy of terror, for an instant stunned me. Then an icy quiet came over him. I knew that something supremely serious had happened, to have changed my brother so absolutely. ' Sit down !' I said authoritatively. Tell me the. whole truth ; I can bear it.' He looked at me as the bird at the rattlesnake, half fearing, half confident, I turned to increase tile light, and he ; again became restless. Now, Theo dore, out with it No good ran come from delay, and concealment is im possible others will tell me. Let me know the extent of my shame from the author of it. What have you done P Don't, don't speak like that; Charley ; I can't bear it.' ' I thought you were a man, and afraid of nothing.' ' I was so once, my brother. I am not a man any longer ; I am a villain, a fratricide. Oh, Heavenly Father, why have I lived to commit each a crime !' These dreadful words tore my-eoni as grapeshot ravages the flesh. I stared into the weeping eyes. of the miserable boy ; I placed my hands upon his head, to draw him nearer, to . looking into the deeps of his being. ' Explain your self Have you seriously injured L'Estrange P 'L'Estrauge, Charley!' Here he assumed an expression so utterly nnlllm what I had expected, that I believed he had gone insane. 'Yes, L'Eatrange, the man you Btrnck in your gambling quarrel. ' 'I do not understand you, Charley,' said Theodore, in BomeBung dike his ordinary manner. Did yon strike himP No.' ' Did yon not gamble with him p ' No ; that is, he was my partner.' I put my head against the wall ; the confntion of my mind was unbearable. Why are you bo agitated, -then J- Why did you call yourself a fratricide f What is the -meshing of all you have been manifesting for the last dozen hoors P ' Beally, Charley, I cannot tell you — at least, not just now. In the morning.' ' Do yon wish' wholly, to shatter my mind and body, Theodore! You have committed some deep wrong My ignorance of the fact is a thousand times worse than the knowledge. If - you re fuse to tell. me,. I shall go to the smoke- room, if itisuow occupied, and inquire from the attendant. If he is in bed, I atdl waken him. ' Bat he will only tell . yea. that the gentiemstr iaiall right again. The doctor says: I &nve;_not hurt him ; and we have become good friends again.' I.listened to him aa if he were talking in an unknown tongue. After a long silence- I'eaid-: 'Then you have- been suffering from a fit of temporary in sanity,' brought on by drinking and. gambling f He turned sway from me; trembled, did not speak. Again my Cbbtb returned. 'Yon are concealing- something hideous from me, Theodore. It- is infamy to do bo. I ask for the lost time, will yon tell me what you have, done ? Answer, or I leave this cabin-to ratnm no more. If you have no confidence in me, your brother, yonr Mend, then all 1b over be tween ns. I shall not'ffo- to California, bnt will find some-- employment in New York. You must-go your own way — we shall heneeforth.be strangers.' A deep feeling- of solemnity thrilled me as I spoke. Theodore did not answer ; hutfre-sobbad hystericaUy for a few minutes, and' then threw himself at my feet; poiiingmy knees with convul sive anguish. ' I cannot endure my misery ; it- is teo grijat, Chariey. Would that I couldatone. by dying at yonr feet ! 0 my broken-hearted mother ! — my un happy staters f This is the. very height of folly or remorse, I cried in a terrible agitation. 'Theodore,' in the name of those dear creatures at home, what have you done, that you; act thus P r ttnE confeas," Chariey,' he whis pered, hiding Ids head. In my breast and pulling me tightly. Do not forgive me, though ; no ; God himself cannot forgive me. I have— I have stolen the money from your box — -we are beggars !' The shock was supreme ! The. calamity was measureless; final ! A cry of despair borat frommy Jbpndiig lips. Slowly ait' first;then quicker and quicker, 1 realised that I had duties to perform against the ibst creafenre, trembling at my fast, towards those Buffering women, dependent upon me for ali things now. ThOngh black ruin was crashing around 'me an every-sld.T'mimt not despair ; I must fight for them who had no champ ion but ma The hugeness of the mi fortune began toeteedy rue-as I thought of It We should reech-New York more abject ibvnWti panper tonighMit What nmldwedol ' Did yon take all the money P Ijasked Theodore in a quiet voice. ' All that was in the pocket-book,' he anwered wbisperingly. Have you lost it all !' 'Yes.' ' Who won it P 1 demanded, a sudden cariosity arising in ma Up to this point, I had been oblivions of the his tory of Theodore's gambling transactions ; now it seemed I oogfat to know how tile boy had gone wrong. In the effort to adjust myself to a new and calamitous situation, £ must begin at the beginning. 'Who won the money from you ?' 'A. young man. He is named Bar ker.' ' Did L'Estrauge win anything from yon F ' Not a shilling, Charley.' ' Tell me all about it. I am settling down. Besides, yon have told me the worst. ' O Charley, I do not know how I can expose my infamy to you without yon spurning me from yon, as the most cruel and infatuated man in the world.' ' Spare all that sort of talk; Theodore. Tell me the bare facts. Who is this man Barker f An acquaintance of L'Ea trange P ' No, no ; they are total strangers, I assure yon. L'Eatrange has lost more than I have.' ' Enongh of generalities ; come to par ticulars. Tell me all, and from the be ginning' ' I will, Charley. — Well, I first played with L'Estrange, just we two. I won a tot of money from him, I don't know how. He almost seemed to be giving It to me. We played at whist, double- dummy. You remember how excited I was, and the chamnainie. and the greenbacks that I showed yon. Well, from that I fell into a gambling fever, and 1 won from L'Estrange quite a hundred pounds. Then others began to play with us, the man Barker, and a young gentleman, the son of an English nobleman. This latter lost a great deal to L'Estrange ; but L'Eatrange lost it to me, and I lost it to Barker. Then' we began to play at American games, that I never had heard of quick games, over in a few minutes. It went on day by day. I was always in a state of excitement I once had five hundred pounds in my pocket X thought I was going to- make our fortunes before we got ashore. It was not for the money, Charley — I swear it was not ; it was to make us both rich, so that we might send for mother and slaters without delay. I really did think that I was destined to obtain a heap of money, and all at once ' ' Poor simpleton !' I interrupted. 'And did you believe that money so got could bring a blessing to us 1 Da you think that I would have shared in the fruits of gambling; Theodore P ' Do not upbraid me, Charley ; I loathe myBelf enough ; ah ! mar you never know theawfuloesB of my.remorse ! Still, I did wish the money for all our sakes. I was not selfish ; at least I am free from that And you do not know what a fearful thing temptation is, Charley. I cannot tell yon how the passion to win grew, npon me ; I conld have sat np day and night playing in cessantly. I wanted nothing to eat : drink, stimulating, drink, was all T needed. Our- stakes grew by degrees, until hundreds of pounds were wan and lost in an hour or two.' And was there nobody sufficiently manly or sufficiently moral to protest against such a scandal P I exclaimed in dignantly. ' How could gentlemen wit ness a boy like yon playing for hundreds without stepping the game P ' Nobody knew what the stakes were bnt ourselves,' said Theodore earnestly. ' We played with counters, and the win nings were paid in the cabins of the players ; we settled up three times a day, I was wonderfully lucky at first, and quite surprised at myself ; the cards seemed to be charmed in my favour. Sometimes I lost nearly all my gains ; bnt I always had a little left over from my first winnings to begin again, until yesterday. My luck quite deserted m& The young Englishman had lost all his money ; and another gentleman took his place, who had never played with us before. L'Eatrange and I were partners ; Barker and the stranger against as. Between breakfast and lunch we did pretty well ; but in the afternoon, for- tone went quite -away- tram, me : I rose ap at dinner-time having lost two hnn- dred pounds. I was almost frantic, for I did not know what I should do to pay. I spoke to L'Estrange, who asked me all about our affiura.' ' Did he suggest that you should take the money from my portmanteau, Theo dore P I cried, all my suspicions of the man's evil character rushing back npon ma ' No, Charley ; bnt he arid that my spell of bad lode would be over perhaps, then, and that I would be Bare to win heavily next time. Besides, he eaid, I was bound to settle up. or he would be disgraced as my partner ; bo the evil spirit led me to take yonr money, Char ley. I put off the thing as long as I conld ; I stood looking over the ride of the ship, and a trifle would have derided me to jump overboard ; and then I thought of you and home, and I grew more desperate than to commit suicide ; I determined to try the cards again ; so I took the keys from, your pocket, finding you asleep; and I hastened baric to play. Bnt bad luck went on ; I toa: and lost, until I was again some hundreds to the worse. I need say no more Charley ; I have rained yon and all of n&' The miserable boy threw himself on the floor, as if he would annihilate the memory of his sin by dashing out his brains. I lifted him up, sad strove to comfort M My tenderness made his anguish the more poignant. < Do not be kind to me ; I can best anything but that;' he groaned. ' Who, then, shall lead you back to better ways bnt me, Theodora! You have ftllen, poor boy ; yet yon must rise again. It Is a frightful decadence at the threshold of lift. But we will bear it together, my brother. — And now, toll me of your quarrel. Whom did yon strike!' Barker. I could not pay the whole of my losses. He said something insult ing, vod I knocked bim under the table.' ' Do yon owe bim something stiU !' « Yes, fifty pounds. But the doctor and soup other gentlemen have made Uilnpirfayimt again. I am sorry I lost my temper. The doctor has aaBurad me -thaf 1b quite well again. L'Es- trange has promised to square my debt ; and he says I can pay him at any time.' ' I am quite astounded at L'Estrange proving a friend, Theodore ; I had the worst feeling against him that I have known in all my experience of men.' You have been altogether wrong, Charley L'Estrange is a good fellow.' Day had broken over the placid sea before oar conversation terminated. Ex hausted by so many agitations, and with leaden hearts, we fell into our berths like dying men. I did not wake till noon, Theodore slept, or feigned to do so. I got up, and looked out of the porthole upon the dazzling waters. The weather was mag nificent I dressed quickly, and left the cabin. I wanted to be alone, to ponder on the ftightfal position of oar affairs. At the instant of waking, all had buret upon me afresh ;. bnt the repose bad given my mind both strength and calm. In a few days we should be at New York, penniless, planless ; something most be schemed before we were shot npon the quayside like human rubbish. Farther; I must preoccupy Theodore's mind with the future, or the wretched boy wonld do farther mischief. I knew how mush he would suffer from the un' appeasable torments of remorse, from the shattering of all his vain self-con fidences, from the shame he had heaped npon himself and ma The deck was crowded with passen gers ; for, with fine weather ail the invalids had been brought from their cabins and placed on chain and conches. I paid no attention to any one, bnt walked slowly, thinking as I had never done before, and resting against the bul warfca from time to time, when I grew feint with useless cogitation. No ; I could not imagine anv expedient in onr case. Friendless, beggared, broken hearted, dismayed, what could I do ! I groaned in impotent agony, and stared at the glittering sea, though I saw it hot. 'Eies-vous malade, encore, monsieur/' I started and looked down, and saw, lying on a deck-lounge, the figure of a lady. Her veil was wreathed round her face, pale as death j two dark, burning, pitying eyes were fixed npon me. ' Do you not recall ms !' asked the lady, still Bpeakiog in French. A moment I was confused, then I re membered her, and replied : 1 Pardon me, madame ; I was preoccupied. I hope you are getting better. We have had rough weather.' ' You have suffered much, monsieur,' she rejoined, looking intently at ma ' What a change ! Ah t the sea is ter rible. ' It is indeed, for poor weaklings like me, madame.' A bitter sigh followed my words. ' You are still very ill,' said the lady. ' I hope the weather will be fine until we reach New York ; then you will be happy. We soon forget the discomforts of ship-life when we are on shore.' A monrotul smile was my only com ment. What had I to expect ashore f 'You do not agree with me!' de manded the lady with surprise. ' I agree that I prefer the land to the sea ; yet the land does not always bring happiness 1' ' Happiness ! exclaimed she. ' Where do we find happiness ! It is a phantom, not a reality. — Were yon seeking happi ness in America V ' Yes ; like millions, I am going with that intent, or rather I was.' I stopped, for a sadden sob choked me. 'You have been very ill, monsieur. You are quite unmanned. I did not think that the strong sex suffered so much. The lady's voice was tender and pity ing ; it affected me in a surprising man ner. I bent my head and turned from her in a paroxysm of grief. How long the fit of meotal agony lasted, I do not know ; I seemed to wake out of a dream, trembling and ashamed of the weakness I. had shown. The lady was speaking to her maid. I rose from the seat I had ftllen into quite unconsciously, but I was so weak that I sank down again. ' You are seriously ill,' said the lady ; ' allow my maid to bring you something.' She then spoke rapidly to her attendant, who hurried away, and soon reappeared with a glass containing some sort of re storative. I drank it gratefully, and sank into a pleasant lethargy. The loach-bell rang ; the deck became deserted; the lady and myself were alone. Gradually strength and calm re turned, and I was able to thank, the kind creators. Little by little our conversa tion expanded, until I told her all ahout my plans being annihilated by my brother's folly. She was even more agitated than myself as I related the story ; and at the close she got up from her conch, and begging me to excuse her homed departure, left me. CONCLUSION. Exposure to the strong air of the ocean began to make me drowsy ;I went down to my cabin to get a little Bleep. Theodore had not left his berth. The unhappy boy was very ill, and looked so despondent that he took all thoughts of sleep away from me. I was more grieved by bis sufferings than by his folly, and exerted myself to the utmost to comfort him. After leaving bim again, I stood at the port-hole, breathing the soft air. A gentle touch upon the arm roused me frommy contemplation.. I turned, and saw one of the stewards with a letter in his hand for me. Greatly sur prised, I opened the envelope, and fonnd the contents tan thus : 'L'Estrange has your money. He is a professional gambler, working with confederates. Go to him ; declare that you know him and his associates ; and that if he does not restore yonr money, you wiii bring the police to your assistance, when yon reach New York. Be firm, and fear not ; for though he is a man of desperate courage, he will not dare to harm you while on this skip. If you cannot force him. to yield by such arguments as suggest themselves to yon, use the words " Harry Evans." I read this extraordinary missive over a dozen times at least; each reperasal adding to my amazement Who -was the writer, and why was I enlightened as to L'Estrange'a real character! My sus picions had been right, then — the man was a beast of prey ! No time must belost, I had an unpleasant scene before me, and had better get it over without delay. I went on deck at once, examining ril that met my view from the companion- door. L'Estrange was not visible. I went slowly round tha decks; into thoj smricB-room; butffid riot find him. I dweendnd to the eslooa ; ftt the for end he sat' writing at the table set apart fbt- that purpose. Near him were several other gentlemen, of one them the young man I had spoken to at the beginning of the voyage. All were writing or reading. As I stood before L'Estrange; the gentle men lifted their heads and eyed me inquiringly. 'Can I have five minutes' conversation with you, air f I demanded from L'Estrange. He started, paled for ao instant, looked hurriedly round the table, then emilad. ' I should be happy to oblige yon, air,' he answered in a level voice ; 'but I am writing just now.' 1 Be good enongh to suspend it j my business is urgent.' ' What do you want !' he aaked, hnlf scowling. ' I cannot tell you here ; your cabin is the fittest place for what I have to eay.' L'Estrauge looked at me aearchingly, while he pretended.to smile, as if amused at my queer invitation. Can't yon wait for half an hour!' ' Not for half a minute.' ' Well you are a very curious person, I must eay. I will grant your request, tnough it is Inconvenient. X suppose yon want to talk about yonr brother f I bowed. L'Estrange rose up, cast a careless glance upon the people sitting round, rod led the way down the saloon. We did not exchange a word until he had got into the cabin, which was amid ships ; then he said, bolting the door : ' Be quick with yonr conversation, for I shall not spare more than the five minutes you ask for.' He spoke haughtily, almost threateningly. ' One minute will accomplish my pur pose,' I replied looking at him sternly. 'The length of the conversation will depend npon you, not on me. Give me the fonr hundred and fifteen pounds you have taken from my brother.' A cool cynical smile was the response to my demand. ' Are you a fool or a knave, young man !' asked L'Estrange, after a moment. ' I have lost three times as much as your brother ; why, then, should I give you money that I have neither won nor stolen.' ' Do not assume such an air with me,' I cried angrily. ' I know you.' ' Indeed ! Then, if you know Mr. L'Eatrange, banker of Wall Street, New York, you should know that he is a gentleman of honour. But the five minutes are nearly at an end.' ' I care not for time ; I am here to obtain my money ; for it is not my brother's ; he stole it from my port manteau.' ' Look here, young man,' said L'Estrange, coming close to me, and staring hard into my eyes — ' look here. I tell you, as a gentleman, that I have not got any money of yonrs ; and, I vow, if yon come any of yonr tricks over me, I will hand you over to the captain as a swindling sconndrel, trying to extort money by threats. — There is . the door sir ; leave my cabin.' The manner of the man was bo imposing, that for a few seconds I was almost intimidated. ' L'Estrange perceived his advantage, and put hiB hand upon my Bhoulder to thrust me outside. That touch brought back my courage. ' Keep your hands off me !' I cried passionately. ' If you cannot persuade me to leave this room, you will never put me out. by force. Again, I demand the money yon have stolen, under the semblance of gaming.' A look of savage hatred grew slowly over L'Estrange'a sinister features. He remained awhile thinking, though he pretended to wait my resumption of the conversation. A flash of resolution at length blazed in his dark eyes as he said : ' You may thank my self-command, young man, for not kicking you out of this, as I would a whining hound. For yonr brother's sake, I will not do you any harm. But if I had you aBhore, I would give yon a lesson thst would teach you to behave like a gentleman. Do not provoke me any more. Leave my cabin.' ' I will never leave it till you have given me the money ; or if you go out, I will follow you, and before all the passengers, I will repeat what I have said. I care not for yonr scowls, for your hatred, for any harm yonr vile in genuity can devise against me.' ' Then, as you declare war to the knife, you mad fool, yon shall have it,' cried L'Estrange with a buret of imprecations. 'I am known on thiB ship to many gentlemen and to the captain. I shall claim protection from a scoundrel who seeks to fasten a quarrel upon me, to extort a large sum of money ; and when we get into the Hudson, I wilL put the constables on you. If it costs me a thousand dollars, I will shut you up in gaol for the next ten years.' I laughed, a scornfal, stinging laugh of contempt. L'Estrange was nonplussed. ' I accept your war to the knife,' I said. 'Gome, let us place the matter before the captain and the saloon pas sengers. I have only made a formal demand for my money so far. I thought that you would see the wisdom of re turning yonr plunder, when you dis covered that I knew you and your pro fession. I do not want the tronble of prosecuting you when we land at New York. I have argent business to attend to elsewhere, and I wonld prefer that ; other hands than mine put you under the gaoler's key. However, since, yon decide to play the innocent and the respectable, I must join in yonr comedy. It certainly will be tbe best for society. Yoa and your confederates on this ship are at my mercy. War to the knife, it shall be.' I turned to unfasten the door. ' Stop f said L'Estrange uneasily. ' Are yon going to restore the money !' ' Sit down and let us talk the matter over. I have a hasty temper, and your request has made me very angry. Let ub be frimda I really am a greater victim than your brother ; I have lost quite a heap of money. W hy did he think I was a professional gambler ! Why lias he acted ao unjustly towards me! 1 am no pretender to respectability, I aSEace you. Here is my card. : When you reach New York, yon will find in ton minntee that I am whatTnay I am.' ' Pray, do not continue this sort at fiction. I know alt- about you, Me. L'Eetnmge. Neither your blaster nor your hypocrisy will turn me from niy point Yoa bava only one atgumiaht that ran prevail with me—that $0 J)ji& four hundred sod- fifteen . pounds dn-OT- mlatofcahlB currency into my ivtoA,' V H grand at animal in a top.' Ttete awmmed an bnt I tell you, sir, you are the toughest opponent I have met so far.' ' I am a desperate man, Mr. L'Es trange. You and your gang have mined me, and blasted my brother's career at the start. If I had thought that an ap peal to your pity would have caused a restoration of all we have in tile world, that appeal would have been made. But the professional gambler has no heart and no conscience, except that, which is roused by the policeman. Yet, why am I bandying words with you ! Give me the money.' ' IJpon my honour as a gentleman, I am very sorry about this affair. I will see what I can do to get the money from Mr. Barker and tbe others who have cleaned yonr brother's pockets. I give yon my promise.' L'Estrange rose, as if to end the interview, and looked at me with a reassuring smile. ' I do not take promissory notes in such trans actions as ours,' I said sternly. 1 The money I' ' Yon shall have it before ten o'clock to-night,' quoth L'Estrange, potting out his band to ratify the pledged words. 'I will not wait ten seconds. The money !' ' I cannot give it to you ; I swear I cannot ; I have lost all my ready cash. But since you will not treat me as one gentleman does another, I will give you a draft upon my firm, to be paid upon arrival. I am sick and tired of this absurd row. Go into the saloon ; I trill write the draft and follow you.' ' I take no draft from s men of yonr stamp, Mr. L'Estrange ; all your subter fuges are useless.' ' If I had you ashore, I would take the tall talk out of you,' exclaimed the man, relapsing into a fury. Take my draft, or go out of this.' 'Henry Events ! — your last game Is played 1 I uttered tbe words very quietly. I exhausted all other means to get back my own, and followed the advice of the writer of tbe letter in my extremity. They struck the gambler with utter dis may. His face became pale and distorted, and he reded to and fro, as though a storm had suddenly buret upon the snuny sea. ' Who are you !' he asked In a low voice, after he had somewhat recovered. 'That is my concern. I know who you are.' L'Estrange looked at me in a puzzled, expectant manner, as waiting for me to do something. As I simply continued to return his stare, he at length said doggedly : ' What do you mean to do V 'To take four hundred and fifteen pounds oat of this place.' He fixed hiB eyes upon me like a rat upon its captor : 'And afterwards! ' Take care that yon do not get hold of it again. My answer completely con founded him. Again he looked wonderingly, suspi ciously at me. 'Look here,' he said. ' Are yon going to hand me over at New York, if £ give yon the money V No.' ' Will yon promise ! Will yon swear it!' I will swear nothing ; I will make no compact with a man of yonr character. I say simply, that if you give me my money, I leave yon to be ponished by other hands than mine.' His eyes dropped to the floor; and he eat thinking awhila Suddenly he rose np, and said half menacingly : ' I accept your terms.' Fatting his hand into his breastpocket, he pulled oot a large leather case ; from this he took a abeaf of Bank of England notes, and connted four hundred and fifteen ponnds npon the safe beside ma ' Count it for yourself,' he eaid. — 'Yon may test them as yon like,' he added, as I examined the water-marks and then the ' touch' of the notes. ' They are gennine.' ' Yes, they are not forged, I perceive. Now I take my leave.' ' Before we part;' said L'Eatrange with suppressed passion — ' before we part, 1st me say that if you deal fair and square with me until we get ashore, I will let bygones be bygones. Remember this, however, that I have many friend, and that, if you put me to tbe necessity to find yon, I will have you killed, even if I am in the fastest prison in the world. Even if you are the chief detective of England, you will not escape them that will find you.' There was no mistaking tbe fierce, revengeful Datnre of the man ; evidently, he was capable of plotting the deadliest mischief. ' If yon will just suppose that I have no farther Interest In you, that you are practically non-existent for me, then yon will understand that your threats are waste of breath. Allow me to psea oat.' With these words I quitted the cabin ; and thus terminated the most remark able interview. of my life. I was hurrying to tell Theodore of the aetonndiog recovery of the money, and to remove the awful misery of the boy, when the thought occurred to me, thst such a revelation might not be prudent Theodore never conld keep a secret, and he would, in spite of my cantioning, divnlge the character of L'EBtrange ; and tins ought lead to un known troubles and delays when we got to New York. Instead of going to our cabin, I returned to the deck, and walked about for a considerable time, planning a method of telling the story after we had got well on the way to California. Having settled the matter to my satis faction, I stood calmly watching the son, poised over the western waters, for it was now evening. The placid ocean heaved in soft rolls, as if it were changed from water to oil. Upon them the efful gence glowed eo marvellously that I held my breath In an ecstasy of delight. The world seemed almost too sublime for humanity,, with all its baseness and mean contentions. A prayer of thanks and adoration buret from my lips. It was the first perfect sunset at sea thst I had witnessed. In the fall fervour of my emotion, a female form passed across the deck and eclipsed the ann. The in cident annoyed me. Slowly tim fiwm passed, and the glowing orange flrea foll dazringly on my eyas again. ' But the charm ..of ffila uusne 'was jgeme. ...The';; of natifre'aBaaWM nottobkracovered by wishing.' Again the 'female form eclipsed tfaeuuq. t trnntolmye tbe deck ?Ejw ffgmeimncilt|oiri«inA We had slmost met when I recognised enly iaintance ont of aims pas sengers.. T waa s pbout to Address her, frhen chfi prreod me,. « Jtotally oblivious of xny-preeenoe. Wondering what I had done to deserve this slight, I turned to look after her, and almost collided with L'Estrange. He was pale as only extreme passion can blanch a man of fall habit and sanguineous tem perament I thought he was irritated at meeting me ; bat beyoad a darkling frown, he did not recognise me, and passed on ' Dinner had been served for some time, so that the deck was almost bare of pas sengers. Not wishing to be slighted again by the lady, I went to the cabin entrance and sat down. A few minutes afterwards tbe lady appeared ; she threw an Imploring glance npon me from her dark and sunken eyes, and descended the companion -etairs with a swiftness that was extraordinary for one so wasted by disease. StiU more amazed by this behaviour than by the other, I eta red after the retreating figure, when the bnrly body of L'Estrauge blocked out the light from the door way ; lor the fraction of an instant he seemed to hesitate ; or, rather, I read the impulse that shot through him as he saw me. But he did not Btop ; like one following a beckoning hand, he disappeared. I was astonished at the intensity of the emotion which these simple events caused. What was less uncommon than for an invalid lady to desire to have a few minutes' promenade at a quiet inter val! If she 'cut' a very distant and chance acquaintance, surely she had the right to do so. Besides, many people behave eccentrically on board ship. Bet what did her terrified looks mean ! Had her illness produced delirium 1 As for L'Estrange, nothing was more natural than that he shonld need a walk npon deck, after his excitement and discom fiture. Yet I could not get rid of the shadowy feeling that slowly grew npon me that some dark link connected the man and woman who had passed from me, like tiring ghosts. Against the feeling, however, were the facte that I recalled. Did not L'Estrange say, when he and Theodore had broken in npon my conversation with the lady, that he did not know French 1 and both he and the lady appeared to be absolute strangers to each other. I continued to ponder over the conflict of our intuitions and the realities, which seem to destroy their significance, until the throng of people ascending from the dining-table ended my metaphysical occupation. I went to see how Theodore was getting on. It was now dusk, and the lamps were being lit in the corridors. Stewards and other ships' servants were buBtliog about ; passengers were moving towards their cabins and up the stairs. For a little while I could not make my way through the press ; while thns fixed, £ felt something placed in my hand. In the imperfect light and amid eo many people, it was impossible to know who the giver was ; and beyond the feeling that the object was a piece of paper, I was ignorant of ' what I had received. Having got free, I went to my cabin as fast as possible. I had had one mys terious and fateful missive before that day ; and my natural cautiousness bade me wait until I was clear of observers, before examining the paper I held. Theodore was sleeping in that heavy manner which follows great exhaustion of bodily and msatal powers. I was greatly relieved. Gradually I raised the flame of the lamp and turned my eyes on the piece of paper. It was crumpled and damp by the hand that had con veyed it to me. The contents were as follows : ' Do not hold any conversation with yoar fellow-passengers for the rest of the voysga Stay in yonr cabin as mncb as possible. When yon reach New York, take the first train for tile West. Dangerous men surround you. Keep your brother under yonr eyes constantly. Do not reveal what hag taken place to day. Burn thu, now that you have read it' The last injunction was the most difficult of alL I did not dare to strike a match. I tore the paper in the smallest fragments, and finding the port hole of the tittle corridor still open, I threw the scraps away at short intervals. Who was this strange correspondent that knew my affairs ao Intimately, and who was so eager to befriend me! I conld not fix npon any one on the ship save the lady, with whom I had had two conversations only. If she was playing tbe part of guardian angel, why ! Farther, if she had written the two notes — and they were in the eame handwriting — she most be connected with the desperadoes she warned me against ! Conld that poor, suffering, almost dying woman be one of the vilest peats of the human race ! The mere idea seemed an insult to one ao refined, so gentle, so compassionate. TJndiscoverable, how ever, as the correspondent might be, I determined to follow the counsel I had received, and to the letter. In thirty or more hoars we Bhoald be at New York ; and under any circumstances I must keep Theodore constantly under my eye, until we were clear of those who had so many reasons to fear and to hate him, as well as myself. But the unhappy boy had no wish to leave the cabio, or indeed his berth. Remorse devoured him with relentless tooth. He grew pale and haggard, as If in a rapid consumption. His grief was indeed terrible ; and if I had dared, I would have told him all Only the certainty, that in a few hours I could give relief to the anguish that be deemed hopeless, stayed me from saying : ' Sorrow no more, dear boy ; the lost b fonnd.' At feet we readied New York. I shall say nothing of my anxiety regarding Theodore, who had to be carried from the ship to a cab, bo pros trate and despairing was he. I will only relate the condnding incident of our most momenton8 voyage, which cleared np the mystery of my unknown friend. It was a final note; hastily given to ms as I took my aeat beside my brother on leaving the steamship «rbar£ It was written in French, and ran thus : The language in which I bid you adieu for ever will enlighten yon as to who I am. Through you, I have been abb to do one good deed before going from this world,taiyriridi I have doneeo many evil ones. ' I thank heaven for the opportunity.! - I know 'that X- only reach America to die." But 'I dull " leave behindrneonfi, yfhMj&bwlost; in sin and deroted to tire iury of Me feUow-creturea,vriliyet kaveiodle abb. L'&tmge; te % «ue- bnriiMid.; Now, I pray you, as I faavebeen goodto I wMi-him to be with ma in ray laet momperbapedi; mere- taaura hiJuttf Sel&Whbobtir; and honesty. He was good and kind, though now a desperately wicked men. He knows that I revealed his position to you ; for the steward who gave you my note told him afterwards. L'Eatrange will not harm you ; be has sworn it, npon what ie sacred to him. Have, therefore, no fears, and proceed to your destination calmly and in peace. If you ever recall my memory, pray for my peace beyond the grave. Adieu.' It was many months before Theodore recovered from the illness which followed hie escapade on the Atlantic, though matters bad taken so providential a turn, and though I lavished upon him all my tenderness, he conld not forgive himself. Tbe bright, self-confident, and self- assertive boy that left England was gone, and a grave, silent, gentle man had taken hie place. But he is slowly gaining cheerfulness, as we prosper ; and when my mother and sisters join ns, I hope he will again be gay, for their dear Bakes. 