NING JOURNAL. WED ELFIE. ? [Br J. COLEMAN.] (Concluded.) Forget ?" she said, wearily. "Divye no remember the auld sang Geordie sang to us o'er the fire the nicht ye played 'The Bride of Lammermuir,' when the puir lassie dies of a broken heart for the lad she loves ? Div ye no ken the words? 'The heart that has yance loved can never forget ?' But there, gang your wayB, and 1'11_ gang mine ; the world's wide eneuch forbaith." " See here, Elfie," said I, as I wrote my town address upon an envelope ; " whenever vou're going to be married you'll just post this to me, that I may send you some little present for yonr wedding." "Ay, ay," she Baid. "I'm hearing you. Happen some day, when I'm past troubling you, but not till then, you'll hear yance mair o' puir Elfie. God's guid, so they say, though wby He brocht the likes o' me intil the world I cannatell." . While she was speaking, she quietly plucked the feathers trom her bonnet, and cast them on the ground. Then she carefully folded her shawl, and flung it over her shoulder. I placed the bag upon her arm. She took it mechanically, and turned to leave the room in silence. When she reached the door she paused for _ moment, and looked at me wistfully with the ereat wondering eyes, as she said— " it's gaid-bye, then." "Good-bye and God bless you, Elfie. " God bless you, my bonnie laddie. Hech, dinna tak' on so, dinna luik sae sad ! I'm na sorry that ye came to Hal's Wynd. I just never lived till then. Noo shall ha' some one to think o' as long as I live, that's ae comfort. Come, pree my mou' yance mair. She'll na grudge me that; and, gin she does, she can never tak' it frae me now, and na man ever shall so long as I live. Dinna forget." And so we parted. Eighteen years and more have elapsed. During all that time no word, no token, no sign from Hal's Wynd. Ten years ago George became a Judge in Jamaica, and he tells me pretty little Lucy plays Lady Bountiful out there amongst the niggers as well as she used to play tlie Chamlennaids with old "Alick." I am not a Judge, and don t wish to be one. "The grapes are not sour," gentle reader; butl have "|taken silk," and the emoluments arising from my practice are so handsome that the Bench presents no temptation for The great Burlingham, QC., who was against me the other day in Ryne v. Borrodaile (in which I knocked him into a cocked hat), chafed me after the fight was over about my having once been an actor. " Pity you never were one, old man; perhaps you'd have known how to go for the Jury," 1 replied. The fact is, I have not been an actor for nothing. I am not vain, but I do know how to "go for the Jury;" and as for my crossexaminations—well, ask Burlingham. Of course everybody knows that Miss Fitzurse was translated to the Peerage some vears ago, and is now the Countess of Silverdale; she looks younger and handsomer than ever. Although we dine in Berkeley equare occasionally (she always was hospitable), we do not often meet. The only occasions we are sure to come across each other are upon first nights at the play. The Silverdales are always en evidence on these occasions. Usually they have a private box—we are content with a couple of stalls. The other night, wlien there was a premiere at the Lyceum, I went round to pay my homage to my former Juliet (my darling, bless her heart, isn't a bit jealouB). After the usual compliments, Silverdale says, " Last summer we went up Loch Lomond, and coming back this young lady insisted on going over to your old hunting-ground at Helensburgh." "Yes," my lady chimes in. "It's so altered you wouldn't know it—twice the size it was—quite a fashionable watering-place now. And, oh! apropos of old times, my gentle Romeo, I enquired of the landlady of the hotel what had become of that handsome gipsy-girl with whom you were so entete? You were ! It's no use denying it. The faithless villain broke my heait. Ted," she said, as she laughingly turned to her husband, "and left me to wear the willow, all on account of Elfie—that was her name, I think. But, traitor, you are justly punished, for your beautiful gipsy married a gigantic Highlander sixteen or seventeen years ago. They have emigrated to Stornoway, in tbe Lewis, and she is the happy mother of a dozen redheaded young Highlanders; so there's an end to your little romance, Master Romeo 1' An end to my little romance, indeed! And memory of this mother of a race of savages we had named our eldest-bora and only daughter, Elfie! Well, well, " Life is real, life is earnest," and romance is only rubbish, or at best but "meat for babes and sucklings." For all tl at. somehow or other I did not enjoy the play that night. Anyhow it is satisfactory to know that Elfie is married and settled, and with the exception of an occasional thrashing or two, when her " braw John Hielandman" (ugh! how I hate the animal!) has got more than his usual cargo aboard, she will " live happy ever after.'" So having arrived at this eminently satisfactory conclusion, as the Countess of Silverdale pleasantly remarks, There is an end to my little romance." L'ENVOL " Russell-square, November 2,1881. The Hon. George Filstone, Demerara. My Dear George — An occurrence has taken place to-night of the strangest character. I am sure it will interest you, and it will be a relief to my mind to tell you of it " Look at the date above, and see if you remember what day this is. It is the anniversary of a day which marked an epoch in both our lives. This day twenty years ago, she —— no, I mean you and 1 left Scotland for London. " It is also our Elfie's eighteenth birthday, and there is a party of young people to do honour to the occasion. I have had a busy aud exhausting day in the Courts (retained in three cases)! My darling (how good she is!) after dinner gave me my congi, while she remains to take charge of the bairns. " Twenty years aso < Only think what memories those three words evoke! I've been routing up my papers (not law papers, Pve had enough of those for one day), and amongst others, I have exhumed the story of our memorable voyage to Helensburgh, which I read you when you were last here three years ago. I don't know now it is with you, but with me, although each year widens the jjulf of the past, it makes the impressions more indelible. "I had settled down in my cosy chair before the fire here in my sti'dy to my afterdinner cigar (tor, as you know, I have long sought solace in the nicotian weed), when, lo! the fire seemed to change to snow, and I saw—or thought I saw—two lads tramping over the barren, frozen moorland, or down tbe deserted street. From the blue Havana arose a mist, through which Hal's vTynd took form and shape, until it emerged, and became palpable to my senses. Then I saw everythirg—you, Donald, the Sibyl, the long, low room, the pot au feu. Bogey, and the great black cat. " Nearest of all I saw Her, lying on the hearth, with her limbs bare and beautiful in the firelight. As I gazed, lost in the wonder of it, Bhe sprang up, paling the red glow with the splendour of her beauty and the luminance of her eyes—then she crouched down and thawed my frozen feet with her dainty fingers, as she did all thoBe years ago. " As she leaped to her saddle-bow, the mist melted into morning, but it changed to evening as she loomed forth erect and terrible from the rock above, while a fair girl below shrank away, pale and speechless. "Anon, elie stood in the doorway yonder— clad in amber, with herchief of white—my roBe in her hair—my rose in her bosom—her glorious eyes fixed on me, as of old—but, oh! EO sad—so weird—so appealing. Her lips tiembled as if about to speak, when, at last, as I live, George, she murmured in a sound so soft that nothing lived 'tirixt it and silence, * Dinna forget !' " Then the cruel mist srose around her and thickened and thickened, shutting her out among the shadows, until, until _ " Dawson came in with the reading-lamp, and a letter by the evening post. " Now, as you know, I receive scores of letters daily, but though the envelope of this was faded and discoloured by age, I recognised it instantly, and the sight of my own haudwriting made my heart stand still. " Hastily tearing it open, I found a blank sheet of mourning paper, from which fell forth a long thick treBS of dark-brown hair, flecked with gold, which glittered inthelight —glittered as it was wont to glitter on her shoulders twenty years ago. " Besides these, I found a funeral-card, on which were inscribed these words— CEED TO THE MEMOEY OF ELFIE LEE (Spinster). Died October 25th, 1884, AGED 3S. "Dinna Forget." "And to think that I was so base as to echo the parrot cry that ' Romance is only rubbish.' " Ah'. there is something at this moment choking at my throat, and throbbing "at my heart, which gives my ribald ton&ae; the lie. " While I write these lines strains of soft music, and the rhythmic tread of dancing feet, mingling with the sound of nappy voices NESDAY, SEPTEMBER and innocent laughter, penetrate here, to my lonely study. . , , "Laugh on, my children—feast, dance, sing—make merry while you may—for you. is the morrow, and the sunshine—for me, the even-time, and the shadow. "For this night—for this night at least, leave me with the ghosts of my dead youth. " Friend of my boyhood, you who knew so well her innocence and truth—to you I confide this record of her constancy.! " When you return next summer you will come with me, will you not, to seek her grave, tbat she may know she is not—that she never can be forgotten. Always yours, " ERNEST DENVIL." 