THE POET SHELLEY. EXTRACTS FROM ‘LITERARY PORTRAITS, BY REV. DR. GILFILLAN. Shelley, of all the modern poets, with the exception of Coleridge in his youth, reminds us most—in his earnestness, his possession, and his manner of com- munication—of Israel’s prophets. ,H is was a burdened soul; he was the mere organ of the power which dwelt in him; like one - of Ezekiel’s wheels, his being moved in the might of an invisible spirit. And it is as much ■ for the sake of his wild sincerity as for his genius that, much as we differ from his views and disapprove of his language, we have decided to give him a conspicuous and full niche in our gallery. We deplore the atheism of such a spirit with humility aud bitterness of heart, and f wonder at it with a great admiration,’ that a being of such richly endowed intellect and warm beating heart, who was no profligate, no world ling, tinged with no selfish or sinister motives, but a sincere, shy, and lofty enthusiast • • • should say, ‘I doubt, I deny, I cannot believe that there is a God.’ Ultimately, indeed, lie admitted more fully than at first the existence of a great pervading, though not creative mind, co-eternal with the universe. His tone, too, in reference to Christ, under went a change. He continued to) read the Scriptures with delight till the last, and there are many grounds for believing that he wits emerging from the shades of unbelief, when there came upon him, so suddenly, the deeper darkness of death. Nor can wefind any substantial ground for the charge of morbidity in the choice of his subjects. We can discover no raking among forbidden things, no ghost-like gluttony of evil, no passion for dissecting depravity, peering into tombs, uplifting putrid shrouds, sittiug down beside crumbling coffins, diving into tho depth of asylums, eliciting a phosphoric light from decayed and deso late brains, and, by tbe gross candle of corruption, thus kindled, inspecting the records of iufainy, aud sifting the evi dences of iucest. This description— and is it over-colored? applies to Monk Lewis, to Maturiu, to Victor Hugo, . but not to Shelly. It is characteristic of him, as it is also of Godwin and tho authoress of ‘Franken stein,’ that they generally keep within the limits which divides, terror from horror, the singular from the morbid; aud that, even., when they touch upon interdicted topics, it is in a delicate and inoffensive style. The subject of ‘ The Cenci,’ for instance, is almost too hor rible for belief or allusion; and yet, so tenderly has he treated the theme that but for the known historical facts you could not, with certainty, infer the nature of the crime which led to parricide. So far from dwelling with morbid avidity, as a late critic in The Edinburgh Review insinuates, upon the hideous subject, he throws a mystery around it; he represents it as some thing horrible, but nameless; no distinct finger-post points to its nature; its name never occurs; and the interest and power of the play are nearly independent of what is dark and disgusting in the theme. Aud we perceive that Shelley’s motive in selecting the topic was not the wish for a strong and terrible stimulus to animate his tragedy with convulsive life, uor was it a desperate desire to astonish and affright the public by the hardihood of his choice, and to gather round him the iuterest of a man who, as a bravado, touches red-hot iron, or walks on the brink of a precipice ; but solely impression made upon him by the portrait of the all lovely Beatrice, which haunted his fancy, till he shrined it in song. 