PUBLISHED DAILY SATURDAY, FEBRUARY. 20, 1886. As might have been expected, the brief period allowed the Volunteer forces here for consideration of the new regulations under the Defence Act has led to mis- understandings, while the issue of a portion only, and the uncertainty a to what may be contained in the four parts that are yet unpublished, evokes injurious though probably unfounded suspicions. The action of the head-quarters staff. who we presume must bear the response- bility, cannot be too strongly condemned. Members of existing corps were per- mitted three months' grace from the date the Defence Act became law (5th Dec.) in which to resign if they did not feel inclined to serve under the new regulations, but as fourteen days' notice had to be given the period was to this extent shortened, and virtually closed on the 21st inst. Yet the authorities allow nearly the whole of the period allowed the Volunteer Force for consideration to pass by without permitting them to see the regulations, and it is not till the 16th inst. that Parts I. and II. are published, and Parts III. to VI. will probably not be issued till after the 21st inst. The action of our military authorities, whether so intended or not, is certainly calculated to break up the existing Volunteer corps, and hasten the enforcement of the conscription clauses of the Defence Act, which will, if put in operation in time of peace, probably lead to an outbreak of popular feeling that will startle the Commandant. What may be contained in the unpub- lished portion of the regulations is un- known, though we believe they princi- pally relate to dress ; but as we have al- ready stated, there is little to find fault with in the portions already issued. It is provided that members of the Defence Force must enrol for three years, but the period for which a volunteer has been an efficient in his own corps shall be de- ducted from the three years' compulsory service, and if he has been an " efficient" for three years, he may enrol for one year in the Defence Force, or may go into the Reserve Force at his option, the period of enrolment in the latter being for two years. A slight reduction has been made in the standard of height, the age of enlistment is raised from 17 to 18 years, though boys over 14 may be enrolled as buglers, trumpeters, and bandsmen, but apprentices must not be enrolled without the written consent of their masters. If any member of the Defence Force de- sires to retire he must give six months' notice, but in cases of emergency the Commandant may, on the recommendation of the commanding officer, dispense with the six months' notice. The service re- quired will be four days at the annual encampment—three of which are com- pulsory—one garrison parade on the Queen's Birthday, four official inspections, and 32 evening parades. Exception may fairly be taken to this last item, as 26 evening parades, in addition to ordinary drills, and the course of musketry instruction, which in- volves attendance by daylight at the Rifle Butts, would be quite sufficient to secure efliciency. Leave of absence may be obtained from the Queen's Birthday parade, and two out of the four official inspections. Officers are to lose their commissions, non-commissioned officers to be reduced to the ranks, and privates to be fined if they do not qualify as effi- cients. Leave of absence for one month may he granted by the commanding officer, but for leave above that period the sanction of the Commandant must be obtained. Why confidence enough could not be reposed in the commanding officers to give them, discretionary power of granting leave up to three months is not clear. Officers are to be appointed by the Governor, and their commissions will not be confirmed until they have satisfactorily passed a prescribed examination in the branch of the service he belongs to. The non- commissioned officers are to be appointed by the com- manding officer, but their appointment also will not be confirmed till they have re-passed the examination prescribed for the grade they are promoted to. The regulations provide for officers being placed on an unattached list, and the Defence Act provides for a retired list. The annual vote to officers in lieu of salary—which, however, is not handled by the oficers, but is paid into the Corps Fund, and partially relieves the officers from the necessity of periodically dipping into their own pockets to meet innumer- able contingencies—is fixed at £12 for majors, £10 for captains, £9 for lieu- tenants, £10 for surgeons, and £9 for pay and quarter-masters, allowances for the two latter appearing for the first time, as hitherto nothing was allowed surgeons or quarter-masters. Commis- sioned officers are still expected to provide their own uniforms, arms, and accoutrements, and also various works of military reference. Section 7, dealing with discipline, contains somes especially severe provisions, pro- hibiting not only communications to the Press, but forbidding officers and men to permit information finding its way into "unauthorised hands," or even giving publicity to their individual opinions upon questions under official investiga- tion. There are numerous penalties for a variety of offences, but regulation 86 contains a valuable provision against injustice by giving every member of the Defence Force a right to appeal direct to the Minister for Defence if he shall deem himself aggrieved. Another commend- able departure from "red-tapeism" is per- mitting any officer or member of the defence Force to travel free over a Government railway to and from any drill, parade, or rifle practice, provided they are in uni- form, the vexatious delay of having to obtain an order from the Commandant being now replaced by the system in vogue in other colonies, Section 10 deals with the utilisation of the police as part of the Defence Force, but no provision has hitherto been made for drilling the force and teaching them the use of the rifle and revolver. The Launceston Municipal Force have for years been ex- ercised in rifle drill, but up to the present have never had a chance of practising rifle shooting, and we are not aware that the police throughout the country dis- tricts have ever undergone any drill. Part II. of the regulations contains 29 paragraphs dealing with country rifle clubs and associations, and what the remaining four parts yet to appear con- tain is unknown. The regulations issued, of which we have only touched a few of the salient points, contain much that is commend- able; and the defects can readily be remedied. But even the simplest regula- tions may be misunderstood for, want of time for consideration or opportunity to obtain necessary explanation. It was imagined that two or three months at least would be allowed members of the existing corps to discuss the new rules and conditions, and make up their minds, and that it was for this purpose the three months' grace was allowed by the Defence Act. But it would seem that this period has been taken by the head-quarters staff for con- sideration, and that officers and men are expected to understand and digest in three or four days what their superiors have been studying over for three or four months. The thing is absurd. The corps must practically make up their mind about the 122 regulations in Part I. by this evening.. The Launceston Artillery Corps were supplied on Monday evening last with five copies amongst 80 men, and on Wednesday morning ten copies were distributed for the use of 180 men of the Rifle Corps. Some members of both corps are absent from town, being em- ployed in the country, and have never even seen the regulations, others have only obtained a hasty and imperfect idea. Had time been afforded for discussion and explanation, for the men to chat; over the pros and cons amongst them- selves; we believe the regulations would have met with almost universal acceptance, but the result of the doubt, uncertainty, and want of confidence evoked by the strange conduct of the authorities, the suspicion of a desire to "corner" the corps before the whole of the regulations are made public, has been that a large number of both officers and men prefer to place themselves on what they consider "the safe side" by forwarding their resig- nations while there is yet time. Even personal explanations and advice from the Commandant, which might have done good service at a critical period, have been wanting, and we fear the initia- tion of the new Defence Act and Regulations will only add another to the series of blunders that seem to have shaded the history of the Volunteer movement in Tasmania. ONE of the delegates to, the recent In- tercolonial Y.M.C. A. Conference has felt called upon to publish his experiences by sea and land in the columns of the Christian Colonist, of South Australia. The writer announces himself as the Mel- bourne correspondent of that paper, and in its issue of Feb. 12th commences his elegant if not intellectual task. He in- forms the waiting world that he left Mel- bourne on January 25th, and, of course, paid the proper tribute to Neptune. En- tering the Tamar, voyagers exchanged experiences, and " the wife of one of my fellow delegates dilated on the armies of enormous cockroaches which had assailed her in her bunk during the night." All a this on the good ship Flinders ! Now whatever may be the shortcomings of the T.S.N. Co., it would be difficult to blame either the directors or their officers on the score of cleanliness and general care of the boats under their charge. Such a statement as that made is likely to dis- courage nervous travellers, and is abso- lutely at variance with the ordinary re- ports of that service. Under the circum- stances, would it not be well to seek some explanation from the writer, or failing a that, to give him to understand very dis- tinctly that he cannot be al- lowed to enjoy the hospitality of Tasmanians, and to traduce their institutions with impunity. The writer, it appears, was pleased to travel to Hobart by the goods train. Of course the time was long, the train "wobbled," the seats were uncomfortable, and " I do not say that the Tasmanian Main Line is the worst in the civilised world, but I do affirm that it ought to be." Why did not this particular gentleman travel by the passenger train, or at least have the honesty to tell his readers there was such a train ? The truth is a number of' per- sons—Christian persons among them— come from the other colonies and show their importance or their priggishness by vilifying everything Tasmanian. Hap- pily Tasmanians are not accustomed to return evil for evil in these matters. It may be suggested, however, to the editors and proprietors of respectable Australian journals to make sure that their corres- pondents are conversant with facts, and fairly truthful in their deductions. Tas- mania has suffered too much already from this style of vulgar snobbery. It is due to the writer to remark that he is good enough to praise Mount Wellington, " sentinel over the fortunes of Hobart." After such a certificate the ranks of the mountain climbers may be greatly increased. OUR SUPPLEMENT to-day contains: Campbell Town-Penguin-Leven-Bea- consfield - George's Day - Moorina - Burned at the Stake--Echoes of Mel- bourne-Aquatic Notes-Cricket Notes— Australian Government Securities-A Dreadful Husband-Fight Between a Stallion and a Lion—An Old Trick—Re- markable Monstrosity-Agricultural Notes -Correspondence : Mr. Douglas's After Dinner Speech. ARTIsTec CrysTorzunes.-Tlhere are on view in the windowse of Mr. layhead's establishment, Brisbane-sotreet,several crys tolcums, the work of Brs. A. D. Cocker, of Cameron-street. The portraits espe cially showed much skill and nicety, the flesh. tints . and shading being happily treated. LAUNCESTON HOMING PIGEON SOCIETY.— A Committee meeting of the above-named Society was held at the Enfleld Hotel last evening. The seventeen nominations already published were accepted, and it was resolved that the first prize for the ap- proaching match should be a trophy and one sovereign added, the second prize 15s, and the third 7s 6d. The time allowances will be published on Thursday next. It was mentioned that no less than three birds had been shot during the past week. Tlhis is much to be regretted, and it is to be hoped the cockney sportsmen, who de- liberately, fire at the " homers," will turn their attention to wild birds, instead of in- juring valuable trained ones. RELIGIOUS.-In the Launceston Taber- nacle, Cimitlere-street, to-morrow, the Rev. A. Bird preaches both at morning and evening service. ?n tile Chalmers Free Church' the Rev. TV. Gray Dixon preaches bdoth at morning and evening service. In the 'Weslean Church, Patterson-street, to-morrow, the Rev. H. Baker preaches in the morning and evening. In Margaret street Church the Rev. D.Annear preaches in the mlorning, and the Rev. H. Saloway in the evening. CHOICE FLOWERS.-We have received from Mr. Geo. Luckman, of Sandy Bay, some choice dahlias, which reflect great credit on the grower. They were reared from bulbs imported direct from London, and' at, thei last Hobart Horticultural Show flowers springing' from these bulbs received first honours. They are doubtlcaess the best dahlias grown 'in the colony, and the bunch forwarded is culled from the white variety to the very darkest hue ob tainable. The flowers are of extraordinary size, and are splendidly inarked, whilst the petals show the grand formation of the flower. It Is to be hoped that Mr. Luck man, who is an amateur florist, will see his way clear to exhibit some of these choice flowers at the Launceston Flower Show, when they will no doubt be thoroughly appreciated. HOLLOWAY DRAMATIC COMPANY.— There was a moderate attendance at the Academy last evening, when "The Broken Idol " was repeated. The acting of Miss Jenyns and Miss Alice Deorwyn was again highly appreciated, whilst their dresses were greatly and deservedly admired by the ladies present. Messrs. W. J. Holloway and H. R. Jewitt gave excellent renditions of their respective characters, securing well earned encomiums, whilst the minor characters, so essential to a successful per- formance, were again very successfully sustained. We regret to state that Mr. A. R. Crowhurst, leader of the orchestra, has through illness been unable to perform his duties at the theatre for the past two even- ings, his place at the piano being tem- porarily occupied by Mr. Bryan. To-night "The Broken Idol" will be produced for the last time, and on Monday evening " My Milliner's Bill" and "Pygmalion and Galatea" will be placed on the boards. A Ex-TASMANIAN MEDICO.-- The Penola (South Australia) correspondent of the south-Eastern Star says :-"Dr. Ockley appears to be fairly busy in the practice of his profession, and is rapidly establishing himself as a favourite with the people, having been very successful with the cases of illness that have come under his care." Dr. Ockley was formerly located at Scotts- dale, in this colony, and left the district amidst very general regret. Those he attended speak highly of his professional skill and his readiness to attend the call of duty at any time of the day or night. RECEIVED.-From Messrs. Walch Bros. and Birchall we have received the February number of that popular serial the Young Ladies' Journal, just received by the last English mail. The number is fully up to the usual standard, and the usual plain and coloured monthly supplements of fashions and design for fancy work accom- pany it. LARCENY AS A BAILEE.— A man named Henry Bentley was arrested yesterday by Sergeant Wilson on a charge of larceny as a bailee of a horse and saddle. The charge states that the accused hired the horse on Monday last from the Cornwall Hotel Stables, stating that he would be back in three hours. The accused never returned, however, and a report being made at the Police-station, from the description given Sergeant Wilson he arrested the accused. Bentley will be charged at the Police Court to-day. A WELL-DESERVED BENEFIT.-We under- stand that the footballers of Launceston intend giving a complimentary benefit to Mr. Wm. Dedman about the 10th of March. It is thought that the Academy of Music will then be available for two or three days, and if not the Mechanics' Institute will be secured. It is needless to state that to Mr. Dedman is due a large amount of the success which football in Laun- ceston has attained, and it is only neces- sary to compare the present skill of local players to the manner of game played prior to his settling in Launceston to show what Mr. Dedman has done for the winter pastime. On this account alone a bumper house may be anticipated on his benefit night. THE CONSERVATOR OF FORESTS.--A telegram was received by the Minister of Lands, on Thursday, says the Mercury, from Mr. G. S. Perrin, of Adelaide, the assistant conservator of forests of South Australia, accepting the terms of the Government for the appointment of Con- servator of Forests for Tasmania. Mr. Perrin is accordingly appointed, and will reach the colony to commence his duties about the 25th of March next. THE MERSEY DREDGE.-The Mercury of yesterday says :-'"The tender of the Derwent Iron Works for the construction of a dredge, fitted with Priestman crane, for use at the Mersey Bar, has been formally accepted by the Government, the amount being £11,690. Only some formal steps have now to be taken to complete the arrangements, all the conditions of the contract having been agreed upon." This is misleading, as no tenders were called for the work in question, although several firms were desirous of competing, and the job has been a private arrangement be- tween the Government and the proprietors of the Derwent Iron Works. Our Hobart correspondent wired last evening :-Messrs. Kennedy and Sons, of the Derwent Iron Works, have intimated to the Minister of Lands their acceptance of certain amended conditions in the contract for the construc- tion of the MIersey dredge,and the Govern- ment have formally decided to accept their offer for £11,690. TOWN PARK.--The Curator, Mr. M'Gowan, has commenced the formation of the main walks that are to run through the ground recently annexed at the Park; a start has also been made with the new fernery, which will in time become a very ornamental and attractive feature. Yes- terday morning during the break- fast hour the emu, whose age and docility had secured for it the freedom of the Park, attacked one of the horses employed in carting earth, kicking it with great gusto. The horse started, but was followed by its enemy, when to let the latter see that "two could play the same game," it lashed out, killing the bird on the spot. REMEMBER THIS.--If you are sick, Hop Bitters will surely aid nature in making you well when all else fails. If you are costive or dyspeptic, or are suffering from any other of the numerous diseases of the stomach or bowels, it is your own fault if you remain ill, for Hop Bitters is a sovereign remedy in all such complaints. If you are wasting away with any form of kidney disease, stop temeting death this moment, and turn for a cure to Hop Bitters. If you are nervous, use of Hop Bitters. If you are a frequenter or a resident of a miasmatico district, barricade your system against the. scourge of all countries-malarial, epidemic, biliouso, and intermittent fevers-by the use of American Co.'s Hop Bitters. If you have rough, pimply, or sallow skin, bad breath, pains and aches, and feel miserable geno rally, Hop Bitters will give you fair skin, rich blood, and sweetest breath and health. That poor, bedridden, invslid wife, sister, mother, or daughter, can be made tihe picture of health by American Co.'s HM.u Bitters, costing but a trifle. Will you let them suffer? In short, they cure all diseases of the stomach, bowels, blood, liver, nerves, kidneys, Bright's disease. £500 will be paid for a case ; hey will not cure or help. Druggists and chemists keep. None genuine without a bunch of green hops on white label, and Dr. Soule's namne blown in bottle. Shun all others as vile, poisonous stuff. ' VANDALISM. The Chinese vegetable hawkers of Launceston are a hard-working class, industrious to a degree, and it is really too bad that the result of their labours should be deliberately and ruthlessly destroyed by vandalism to such an extent as they are. One of these hawkers in another column offers a reward of £5 for information which will lead to the conviction of the person who entered his garden yesterday in York-street, and, not content with stealing a large quantity of vegetables, wantonly destroyed a quantity more. MRS. M. G. C. LEAVITT.-Mrs. Mary Clement Leavitt, a distinguished member of the Women's Christian Temperance Union of America, arrived per s.s. Pateena yesterday. She was met on the wharf by the secretary (Mr. Collett) and treasurer (Mr. Henry Turner) of the dospel Tem perance Conference, and conducted to the Launceston Coffee Palace, kwhere she will remain iduring ljcri eight days' mission here. Mrs. Leavitt has just concluded a ncries of addresses through, Iew Zealand, New South Wales, and Queensland, and the Press of those colonies speak generally in high terms of her ability as a lecturess. Mrs. Leavitt is stated to have a pleasant voiceand a good delivery,. frms, her sen- ences well, and treats her subjects with consideruible reasoning power, and alto- gdthelir is a fluent and agreeable speaker. 'She opens under the auspices of the United Temperance Conference to-morrow in the Mechanics' Institute, where she will de- liver three addresses, her subject in the morning being "Thlie' Body tlie Temple of the Holy Ghost," and the evening at 8'30 o'clock on " God ini Governiment," while an afternoon address will lib given to yoting ladies.. MIoody and Sankeey's hymns will be used, and the United Temperance Choir will render selections of nuisic. On Mon- day evening Mrs. Leavitt will deliver an address in the Wesleyan School-room, Pat- terson-street, on "The Work of the W. C. T. Union in America." FORMBY.-A correspondent writes :-The Band of hope held their monthly meeting on Wednesday evening, the chair being occupied by J. P. Cowlo, Esq., when a very good programme was gone through. Miss Carter kindly presided at the pianoforte, and the singing of. the choir was good throughout. Mr. Green sang two songs, which were much applauded. A recitation by Mr. Shay,' and reading by the chair man, were very good. Mr. Duke, who is generally to the front, was called upon, but was unavoidably absent, to the disappoint ment of all, It was decided to hold a picnic lunder the auspices of the society on Wednesday next, and a committee was formed to make arrangements, consisting of the following gentlemen: - Messrs. Williams, Mence, Laycock, Shay, and Misses Carter and Morgan. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought a very en joyable evening to a close. THE LATE MR. WM. HUTCHINSON. - The notice in our obituary column of the death yesterday in his 70th year of Mr. William Hutchinson, of the well-known firm of Smith and Hutchinson, will be read with regret by many of our readers. Mr. Hutchinson, who was a native of Yorkshire, emigrated to Tasmania when a young man, and for over 30 years past has conducted an extensive butchering business in con- nection with his present partner, the firm having now branch establishments at In- veresk and St. Leonards, as well as the prin- cipal establishment in Brisbane-street. Mr. Hutchinson, who only removed from town to St. Leonards a few months ago, was an old and valued adherent of Trinity Church, and a useful worker in the Sunday-school. On resigning the position of superintendent last autumn, being about to leave the colony on an extended visit to New South Wales, he was presented with a handsome address and testimonial by the teachers and scholars. He was a consistent sup- porter and advocate of the temperance cause, and a more kindly, generous, and charitable nature it would be hard to find. Upon his return from Sydney a few months ago, he removed to St. Leonards, where he has since resided, but has enjoyed but in- different health, the heart being affected. He was attending a meeting of the church wardens last evening when he was seized with a spasm, and died almost imme- diately, the cause of death being disease of the heart. He leaves a widow and four sons, and one daughter. The funeral will take place on Monday next, the cortege leaving the residence of his son, Mr. Henry Hutchinson, Inveresk, at 3 p.m. for Church of England Burial Ground. THE AMMONIAPHONE.-This is the name of an invention for strengthening the voice, and giving relief in all chest affec- tions, of which most of our readers have already read or heard something, and which is now being introduced to Tas- mania by Mr. P. G. Duff, who has been appointed the local agent. Whether the story as to host the secret was discovered be true or not, it is a fact that application is siuiple, and that its efficacy in clearing the lungs and strengthening the voice is widely testified to, and that the instru- ment is extensively used by professional vocalists and others with beneficial results. The process is simply the inhalation of the vapour of certain chemicals, ammonia and peroxide of hydrogen being the principal constituents, from a metallic tube specially constructed, and which, when once charged with . the drugs, will serve for several months' use before it requires re-charging. The invention has been well advertised, and those desirous of learning more about it can obtain a pamphlet upon application to the local agent. CUCKOOS' SMOKE CONCERT.-Last even- ing the Cuckoo Club, who have become so deservedly popular in Launceston, held their first smoke night in Mrs. Fahey's Assembly-rooms, the entertainment being a decided success. The members of the club had worked assiduously to bring the concert to a successful issue, and the large and appreciative audience assembled proved that their efforts were valued as highly as their talent was appreciated. The smoke night included a number of songs, etc., the following gentlemen taking part:--Messrs. C. A. Morris, W. Sutton, T. Binney, H. Cato, E. and A. Spottswood, and Mons. Maurice. Several of the songs were encored, M. Maurice being recalled three times. A very enjoyable gathering was brought to a close at 11 p.m. by the rendi- tion of the National Anthem, and the unanimous hope was that the Cuckoos would speedily give their friends a similar treat. THE NEW GRAND MASTER OF IRISH FREEMASONS.-From our English files we learn that the Duke of Abercorn, C.B., is to be installed as Grand Master of Irish Freemasbns. withmuch pomp and cere mony at Dublin during the current month. FOLIAGE PLANTS.-We have been shown some splendid specimens of foliage plants grown by Mr. Davis, gardener to the hon. W. Hart. There are fourteen different varieties, each being very rich and varied in colour. The plants were grown from seed imported by Mr. H. Newey, George street, from Messrs. Daniels Bros., the well-known seed merchants of Norwich. MR. R. T. BOOTH.--This celebrated temporance lecturer arrivbd yesterday Sfrom MIolbourne per s.s. Flinders, and pro ceeded] to Hobart per up express. MIr. Booth will remain a week in the capital, during which he will deliver a series of lectures on temperance, including "Nine years with the magic crowd," one lwhich is new to Tasmania, and which has proved so popular and attractive in the other colo nies. Mr. Boothl will also render a lecture on "Reminiscences of the American War," which has received such warm commenda tion wherever delivered. It' is probable I that Mr. Booth will deliver the latter, and possibly also the former, lecture in Laun ceston after completing his labours in Hobart, previous toleaving for Melbourne, where he will lecture for a few weeks, thence proceeding to 'South Australia and Queensland, after which Mr. and Mrs. Booth leave for a visit to their old home in America and a tour through Engiamd. MIr. Booth intends returning to Australia, where he will settle down permanently, and he is now having a residence erected near Mittagong, New South Wales. Mrs. Booth accompanies her husband, and is now visiting Tasmania for the first time. During their short stay in Lauencestou they put up at the Coffee 'Palace. From MIr. Booth me learn that his old colleague, Mr. T. WV. Glover, is now lecturing in Now Zealand on a five years' engagement under the "Alliance," Mr. Glover's efforts being chiefly devoted to the legal phases of the liquor question. DEATH OF BLIND MOONEY.-Our Hobart telegrams convey the intelligence of the death of " Blind Mooney " at the Cascades Lunatic Asylum, Hobart. Readers of Marcus Clarke's thrilling story, "His Natural Life," will remember that Mooney was one of the leading characters in that history of the early convict days of Tas- mania. The author, however, with that license allowed writers, "killed" Mooney either by error or to make his story the more painful. Mooney's life has been to a considerable extent clossly connected with the history of a great portion of the convict days of the colony, and under the regime of the iron-handed John Price, Mooney's prison life was one long serious of rebellion against authority and continuous punishment. He was one of the very few men under the control of John Price whom that commandant could not " break," and punishment as varied as barbarous only seemed to harden Mooney, who was the boasted " pebble" of his brother convicts for many years. Mooney has been a drivelling idiot for years, body and mind having alike succumbed at last to the treatment received, and it was a pitiable sight to see the poor old broken-down convict lying on his bed in thie Cascades, to which he had been confined for years. Those who gazed on Blind Mooney in the Cas- cades, his sight completely gone, his legs and feet powerless and swollen hideously with gangrene, and his mind totally gone, could scarcely realise that he had been the terror of Port Arthur officials from the commandarit to the police. There are not now remaining many of the school of whom Mooney was the hero, and his death snaps one of the most interesting threads con- necting the happy present of the colony with the dark days of Imperial conviction. STANLEY RACES.--The programme of races to be held on March 17, under the auspices of the Stanley Turf Club, appears in our advertising columns. The events consist of Handicap Hurdle Race of 15 sovs., Maiden Plate of 10 sovs., Two-year- old Stakes of 8 sovs., Stanley Purse of 12 sovs., Highfield Handicap of 20 sovs., and Flying Handicap of 10 sovs. Nominations close on 3rd proximo at 4 p.m., and weights will be declared on 6th. Acceptances close on 13th proximo at the same hour. THE IRISH QUESTION.-At a meeting of the Parnbelite members of Parliament, held in Dublin on January 10, the follow- ing resolution was adopted :-" That the representatives of the Irish nation desire on this occasion, the first assembly of the Irish party, to re-assert the inalienable right of the Irish people to legislate for themselves, and we re-assert our unalter- able determination never to relax our efforts until our legislative independence is achieved." Speaking at the Mayor's banquet at Chester on January 14, the Duke of Westminster severely condemned the portion of the Parnellites who had obtained their position by intense cruelty, extreme extortion, the aid of assassination, and with the assistance of some members of the Roman Catholic priesthood. As to separation from England, it was a thing they never could and never would get. CURE FOR HYDROPHOBIA.-We recently published an abstract of some experiments performed by M. Pasteur, in verification of his discovery of a cure for this fell disease, and which were completely successful. Briefly stated, M. Pasteur's theory is that a mad dog is one stricken with a peculiar fever, which develops in the blood those minute yet mysterious organisms termed "bacteria." These "bacteria" are trans- mitted through the dog's saliva, which is secreted from the blood. What then has to be done is to cultivate a hydrophobic virus having prophylactic qualities, and by inoculation curing those attacked. The virus is formed by means of dissolving the marrow of rabbits, which have been made hydrophobic, in a solution which furnishes a virus both preservative and curative, and capable of being inoculated in a fluid state. If then by compulsory inoculation of dogs for some generations they can be made incapable of contracting hydrophobia, there is reason to believe this terrible malady would disappear. THE MERCANTILE ASSOCIATION FOR PROTECTION OF TRADE issues a weekly cir- cular, showing Bills of Sale registered, Supreme Court and Court of Request Judgments, Bankruptcy Intelligence, and other valuable information. Subscription, 7s 6d per quarter, or £1 1s per annum in advance (per post, 4s 4d per annum extra) Subscribers' names received by S. FIELD at the office of the Association, Oddfellows Buildings, St. John-street. Launceston. 