CHAPTER XX. LE BRETON'S WIFE. Her start of terror could not paBB unob served. She neither screamed nor spoke, bnt remained aa if fixed to .the spot, with her eyes turned fearfully towards the shadow in which a dark figure seemed to move. She was not mistaken. The figure came forward with a slouching, sidelong movement, as if this unexpected visitant were trying to keep within the shadow of the house. Then came a smothered laugh, then a man's arm roughly thrown round her, and a voice that she knew well. "Here I am, Polly, you see. Give me a kiss for the sake of old times, and don't bear malice." He kissed her on both cheeks, and then laughed again. "Come, Polly, don't faint. I'm no ghost, and I should be glad of a bit of welcome. 1 suppose you thought that I was dead ?" I hoped you werel" she gasped, as she withdrew herself from his sustaining arm and leaned against the wall for support. She turned cold and sick, and her limbs seemed to be giving way beneath her. " You've the old trick of saying a nasty thing whenever you have the chance," said Le Breton vindictively. " I never cured you of that, although I did my best. What else have you to say ?" Pauline mastered herself by a Btrong effort, and raised a warning hand. " If you Bpeak so loudly you will alarm the servants Why are you here at this time of night?" "That's a long story; I wanted to see you on the quiet, for one thing. Let me in." " Ho—not into Cicely's house." "And why 'not into Cicely's house?'" he asked, mimicking her tone. " I will come in, I tell you ; it is too stormy a night to stay here while we talk. Out of the way ; let me open the door." Pauline turned upon him sharply. "You will not enter this house without Cicely's permission, Robert Le Breton. You are in my power at present; I am not in yours, as you seem to think. If you force sour way in I shall treat you as a house breaker, and call the men." " What's up now?" growled Le Breton, evidently awakening to the reality of her opposition, and quailing beneath it. " Take care what you say; I'm not going to stand any nonBense. What would you do if the men came ? They would all know me to be your husband.'' " I should tell them that you were a thief, and that they had better send for the police," said Pauline quietly. " And when the police came" " Then," Bhe continued, unmindful of his sneer, " I Bhould give you in charge for rob bery and attempted murder in South Africa, on the accusation of Martin Deveril." There was a silence. Le Breton's hand fell from her arm. She knew by instinct that he was frightened, although she conld not see his face. But after a moment's pause he broke out with a savage oath. '* Where did you hear that story?" he pro ceeded. " I heard it from Martin Deveril." " You ? Martin Deveril! —it all ?" said the man violently, "Is Martin Deveril alive?" " Alive and well." " In England?'' "Yes." " Where?" Her answer came low and swift. " I will not tell you where, unless you agree to my conditions." .Again there was a pause. Again Pauline felt rather than saw that Le Breton was startled by her knowledge and by her de cision." " Hang it all, Pauline," he said at last, in a tone of angry expostulation, "do you sup pose I am going to be bound by you and your conditions because you have heard some cock-and-bull story of my dealings with old Deveril ? Of course he says now that I cheated him; he would never think of tell ing you the price that I paid for his trumpery garnets." " Oh, yes, he did," she answered, calmly. " Yon gave him a blow with a heavy stick which fractured his skull, and nearly killed him. That was the price yon paid." " It's a lie, I say. I saved his life from a gang of robbers. I don't suppose he told you that." " Yes, he did. If you are innooent of any assault upon his life you will not object to be confronted with him ? You would be able to clear yourself in his eves—and mine ?" "Devil take it! Where is this man that you are so hand and glove with }" "Not far away." " Where, I say?'1 " I will tell you when I choose, and not before. Wait for me here a few moments; I go inBide and get the key of a place where we can talk more conveniently than we are doing now. I Bhall not be long. He caught her thin wrist between his horny fingers. "Stay!" he said fiercely. "Do you think I shall let you go like that ? Yon won't give me the slip until you have told me all you know, my fine lady. We'll soon see which iB the Btronger, yon or L" He squeezed her wrist with such brutal rougbneBB that Bhe fancied the bones would soap between his heavy fingers, but she did not wince. She answered without a tremor in her voice and an inflection of uupitying ecorn. "I am the stronger," she said, "because your safety lies entirely in my hands. You know me of old; you know you could never make me utter a word that I did not choose to say. Suppose you hurt me; suppose you killed me; what then! You would go out into the world unwarned, and you would fall a victim to the tury of the men who have pwota vengeance upon you. I am the only pereon who can help you; and without me your life is now not worth twenty-four hours' purchase." _ His grasp upon her wrist relaxed. She had impressed him, yet he hardly dared to trust her. " How am I to know that you will help me, even if you can ?" he asked. " Oh, you are my husband," she answered, coolly," and although vou have forgotten the duties of a huBband, you will soon see that I have not forgotten the dutieB of a wife." He swore a great oath. " If you had not forgotten them before, I never should have left you, Polly. I was always fond of you"— " Ob, don't let me hear any of that sickening folly again," said Pauline contemp tuouBly. "1 would rather you said you hated me. Let me go in. I will come out to you again in five minutes. You know that I shall keep my word; I don't tell lies." He let her pass, and shrank back into the dark shadow, mattering vengefully to him self. Pauline entered the house, locked and bolted the door behind her, and then ran upstairs. She went straight to Cicely's room. Cicely was asleep. When Pauline touohed her she started up, her face flushed, her eyes yet dim with slumber, her pretty brown hair lying tossed and tumbled upon her pillow like a child's. The sight of Pauline, standing pale and rigid at her bedside, roused her effectually. " What is it ?" she said. " Robbers ?" " Lie down," said Mrs. Le Breton. " You need not get up. Robert Le Bretou is here." "Robert Le Breton I Trying to get in?" said the girl, leaping out of bed ana seizing her dressing-gown, in spite of Pauline's attempt to quiet her. "I will send him away. I will tell Richards and Smith to see him off the premises." " That is not what I want," said Pauline, in a repressive tone. " Listen to me, Cicely. x on need not begin to aress yourseii. m that 1 have come for is your permission for bim to enter this house. He need disturb nobody—the garden-room would supply him with warmth and shelter for one night. " Why do you aek me? Did I not always say that he should never cross the threshold of my house?" cried Cicely, impetuously. " Has he forced you to come and ask me this question ? Then I say, No !" " You will not say no when you learn the circumstances. I must see him and speak to him at once. No delay is possible." And why not?" " I must try to get that stolen property away from him, ana I must put him on his guard." " What, against old Deveril?" "Against Deveril and Joel Bray." " I shouldn't," said Cicely. " I should let him get what he deserves. I would not lift a finger to help him." " You would if you were his wife." " I should if 1 were an angel—not unless I were!" "We are losing time, Cicely. You have the key of the garden-room in your little basket. Will you let me have it ? Cicely turned to a small table beside her bed, silently.detached one of a large bunch of keyB, and handed it to Pauline, " Do as you please, dear," she said. " I should tell him to go to the inn and come again at a proper honr to-morrow imorning hut I have no doubt that you know best." "If I sent him to the inn." answered Panline, "the whole village would he ringing with his return by to-morrow morning, and Martin Deveril would know that he had found the man for whom he waits. If we shelter him to-night, I hope to make terms with him and get nim out of the house and array to London by break of day; and then then—I Bball be able to thank you, Cicely— buc not before." Her voice had trembled, but she turned to the door with a perfectly steady face. Cicely sprang to her side, put her arms round her neck and kissed her. " You need never thank me," she said. Do what you like. The whole house is at your service. I love you too well to doubt you, whatever you do. As she relaxed her hold her eyes fell upon an object which stood beside her basket upon the table. She took it up eagerly and offered it to Pauline. "Takemy revolver with you," she said. " I always keep it loaded in case burglars make their appearance. I am sure that Robert Le Breton is worse than any burglar." "Then you had better keep it," said Pauline, with the ghost of a smile. " I think I can protect myself in other ways." She laid the shining little weapon back upon the table, cIobb to Cicely's pillow, and left the room. As she descended the stairs she did not hear a door upon the landing open softly behind her. A prying, watchful face came forth; a dark figure with catlike steps fol lowed her as she made her way to the glass do or. Carnforth was on thB alert. Mrs. Le Breton unfastened the door and u' *"red her husband's name. He appeared out of the shadows with a dark and sullen face, and angry words upon his tongue. " Why have you kept me out here so lone?" he aBked. " I'm wet through pretty nearly. I had a good mind to knock boldly and tell them to let me in. What would you have done if I had ?" Pauline made no answer. She held the door open and let him enter, then locked and bolted it once more. She had no light, and the passage in which they stood was very dark. Not many yards from them Carnforth had wedged herself into a niche in the wall, and was listening anxiously to every one of their words and movements. Her only fear was lest Mrs. Le Breton should strike a match and light the lamp in the passage, in j which case she could not hope to escape ' detection, Bnt Mrs. Le Breton did not seem to require a light. " Give me your hand, I will lead you," she said, in a low, clear tone. ''Tread softly," .Robert, and do not speak for a minute or two; the servants might overhear you and come down." Le Breton mnttered some angry ejaculation below hiB breath; but he seemed desirous to satisfy her. and made an effort to move quietly. The husband and wife passed close to the corner in which Carnforth had be stowed herself. Carnforth held her breath till thsy had tnrned into the wide hall beyond the passage. There waB a light burning in the hall, and the maid caught a glimpse of the man's face as fauline dropped his band and led the way. She stared with open mouth and eyes; presently a disjointed sentence or two fell from her lips. "Why, if it aint Robert Le Bretou. Thought to be drowned at Bea, too! and now come back at midnight and let into Miss Cicely's own house! What's the world coming to, I wonder 1" She bestirred herself to follow the intruder. It seemed that Mrs. Le Breton was leading the way to MIbs Lorraine's garden-room. which was seldom entered by any one bat Cicely herself. Its separate door into the parden made it a convenient hiding-place lor Robei t Le Breton. The fire in the grate was still alight, there was a broad sofa on which be could rest; and the kitchen and larder were so close that he could easily be supplied with food. Carnforth waited and spied whilst Mrs. Le Breton stirred the .fire, turned up the gas, and set food before the man who had so strangely and unexpectedly appeared upon the scene. At first little conversation passed between the two; but when Le Breton's bodily wants were satisfied, it was plain that he wished to discuss some matter with his wife. Carolorth's curiosity was by this time greatly excited. She bethought herself of a large store cnpboard which had been let into the wall between the garden-room and an adjoining apartment. There, surely, she would be able to hear something of what was passing. She hastened to hide herself within it; but she bad little reward for the pains she took. The wall was so thick that she could scarcely hear more than an occasional word or two. Now and then, when the voices were raiBed, Bhe caught a name, a phrase, an ejaculation; but hardly enough even on which to found a theory. Carnforth waB nearly as much puzzled at the cloBe of her eavesdropping as she had been before. " Well, said Bobert Le Breton, as he finished his supper, and turned somewhat sullenly to his wife, who had waited in silence for the conclusion of his meal, " will you tell me now what all this flummery means." " What flummery?" "This lie of Deveril's—or whatever his name may be." " Don't >011 Know his name. " Hang it all 1" exclaimed Le Breton, with sudden violence, "will you leave on this beating about the bush, and tell me what you know aboutlDeveril ana his cursed,diamond ?' "I know this, that after pretending to assist him, and having Ieit one of the men who bad previously attacked him bound to a tree in tbe blazing sun, you treacherously stiuck him down; then, tninking that he was dead, you robbed him of a number of precious stones, and left him in tbe middle of the road. 1 presume that you were interrupted in ycur work, or you would have thrown him over the precipice." She saw from the change which passed across his face that Deveril's story had been strictly true. Rage, hate, and fear would not else have been so legibly imprinted upon his countenance. He answered with a vehe ment denial of the charge. Pauline looked at him contemptuously. " You are not very wise, Robert," she said, coldly. " You never know when it is your interest to speak the truth. Y ou had much better trust me. 1 might be useful to you if 1 knew the whole story; half truths are dangerous things." "I know that when you do choose to help a fellow you can do it well, Polly. You've a better head than I have, any day. But as for old Deveril's tale, why " Is it not true?" said Pauline, keenly re garoiDg him. He hesitated, looked at her furtively from beueath his bushy, dark eyebrowB, and then tried to laugh. " Suppose it were," he said. " Is it true, or is it not true ?" " Well, Polly, it's true in the main, There was a little ecuflie, and I did think that he was dead, aud that I might constitute mjBelf his lawful heir. Bless your heart, if nobody never did anything worse than that in the colonies we should lead a quiet life, and no mistake." Pauline's delicate eyebrows, her mobile mouth, and quiet eyes, expressed a degree of Bcorn which even Robert Le Breton could not mistake, although she aid not speak a word.;; " Confound it 1" he said angrily; " what are you staring at me in that way for?" "I was wondering how many more false hoods you meant to tell," said his wife with cool contempt. "It is extraordinary to me that you do not see how much more to your own advantage it would be to speak the truth sometimes. I suppose it is impossible to you. Well, let us take all the story for granted. I want no more details. I only wish you to understand one thing—that Martin Deveril, the old man whom you tried to murder, ana Joel Bray, the miner (who became mad from the effects of your cruelty), are both in Eng land, waiting for you, Deveril, in order to put you in prison for robbery ; Joel Bray, in order to avenge his wroDgs by rather more violent measures. I know where they are; I could give you up to them if I choose." "But you don't choose, Polly? You wouldn't do it." "I thoueht you said that you were inno eent?" " You wouldn't give me up—even it i naa robbed the old fellow, would you, Folly?" "I have not many soruples about it, Robert. I am not sure that I ought not to give you up. I am very sorry for that poor old man. His heart is set upon finding you." Re uttered a groan of impatience. She smiled at it; she played with him as a cat plays with a mouse. " It might be my duty. You have been a bad husband to me; I might wish to be revenged." Then suddenly she changed her tone. "Come, Robert," she said, " I do not want to be hard upon you ; but if you will tell me the whole story, and promise me one or two things that I am going to ask. then I will help you to elude tbe search of Martin Deveril. But X will have the story and the promise first. "You shall have the whole story," said La Breton, doggedly. "And if you don't like it it won't be my fault." He told the truth this time, as far sb it waB in bis nature to tell tbe truth at all. He gave Iher a fairly accurate account of the miner's -attack upon Martin Deveril, and did not try to conceal the fact that he had been anxious to obtain possession of the diamond for him self. "But, hang it!" he concluded, "there wasn't a stone in the lot that was worth the risk I ran. Now tell me where old Deveril iB ?" " If I tell you will you go away and leave ■me in peace ? Will you agree to my staying here, and not write to me, or trouble me again? And will you tell me what has become of the stones ?" "You're hard on a fellow," said Le Breton, I sullenly. "I wanted you to go with me to America. I've never cared for any woman as I care for you, Pauline. 'Sou always suited me down to the ground. Sou knew all my ways. But I suppose that I should not get you away from Lady well very easy; you've got too good a berth to throw it up in a hurry. AU right; 1 won't bother you to come. Only, just tell me where Deveril is, that I may keep out of his way, and I'll be off and never trouble you again. The stones ? 1 lost every one of them when I. was swept overboard; I swear I did." " You had better leave the house before daybreak, then," said Pauline, with perfect tranquillity;, "for Martin .Dereril lives in Ladywell, and you will hardly escape him if you show yourself in the open street." 