BENT, BUT NOT :: BROKEN, CHAPTER III.-Continued. With his natural farcical nose mechanically turned upwards, he seemed for some moments in the abstraction of a happy rever.e. At length he.awoke, and drew from the depths of his pockets two packets of aw'eets, which he presented to his sisters, with these words: I brought these from the fair. for you are good girls, and not like someone I could mention.' At this meaning insinuation, the MIisses Hall lookel inquiringly ist. their brother's face. After a short paune, during which Heeror looked vdumes, he said, with a peculiar emphasis, ' Well, it is not easy to know some people in this world. But I say nothing.' H'ector now hummed over two or three staves of' The Girl I Left Behind Me,' snapping his finger and thumb to the measure of the tune. After which he repeated, in his pro. yoking way, ' Who would have sus pected such things of hier? Well, I am a lucky dog! I saw it with my own eyes, ButI say nothing.' By these strange hints of their brother, the curiosity of the Misses Hall was excited to a high pitch to Sknow the n;eaning of his mysterious allusions, and witi one. voice they Sasked, ,.What h:ve you seen Hector ?' To this question the farmer made no reply, but kept humming away at * The Girl I Left Behind Me,' still snappinog his co0rse-grained fingers to thie.meacure with great dexterity and effect. By this time. he ladies were some what alarmed, for they began, indeed, t, fear that Hector was actually beside hims-If. Miss Sarah; the eldest, sister, now stood, erecting her dumpy dimensions, affecting' her best simper, and gently tapping her tipsy. brother on the shoulder,. said, ' Now. good Hee, do tell us what strange sight you saw ait or coming from the market ?' Noba ghost, Sieter Sarah,' answered Hector, hoarsely; 'but a bonnie girl, whom you know well.' :If .that is all, it is not much to make such. a mystery about,' said Jane, with 'd peculiarly vulgar toss of her head. .' S!uch a sight you may see every day of your life, Hector. But do you mean the saucy, proud Lilian Henderson,.. the philosopher's pet dauighter. You have admired her long, and has she'at length smiled on your aidresses?' ' No, 'no!' Jane, you are quite wrong; but it matters not. She smilos on somebody's addresses, or my nane is not Hetor Hall, of MossSide, but Isl.y nothing.' ' .Well, if it must be a secret,' 'warbled-the:two sisteis, :in sweet con cert, 'younshould keep it dark; for it cannot coneern us at all, Hectrr.' 'Indeed,' said Hector, ratherpatheti cally,;-'indeed; mniy sweet sisters, it concerns you ver, much; for you know that my loqv, hs been rejected by , someone, and althou!gh it was hard to bear at the time, it has now flowri away. SCdome, Sarah, fetch me a pint of best home-brewed, and I'll tell you all about it, The pride and sauciness of some-' one has been brought low now; yet I1 think I am sorry for it. Poor Girl! And who could hqve suspected her of such deceit? Still, it is diffidult:to ' know people in this deceitful world of ours. The good old proverb says, 'Still waters run deep.' ' Sarah now bu..tled into the parlour Swith the pint of lome-brewed, and pre. sented it to her brother, who, burning and almost speechless with thir.t, grasped the pewter with savagevoracity, S'and, with his capacious nostrils expan ded, swilled the contents at a breath. 'By George! but I was thirsty, Sarah !' ejaculated Heator; 'and my thirst 'is but hlf slaked. Fetch me 'ainther pint, sweet Sarah !' It was soon brought, and as soon devoured, in the same voracious way as we have just described. 'By Saint George, the patron saint' of 'old 'England, but that is capital ale of. yours, Sarah! liy blessings on John I Barleycorn and the happy skill that brewed it!' Hector's monstrous thirst having at length asnuaged, he related to his sisters, with a little exaggeration, perhaps, the circumstances in in which he saw Lilian Henderson. The Misses Hall were anything but well-wibhers of the lovely and lady-like Lilian, and they accordingly listened to their brother's tale with attentive and greedy ear, each congratulating the other with looks that their hearts were more than pleased at the fall of one whom everybody possessed of comm-n sense admired, whether for the beauty of her person, the sweetness of her disposition, or her endearing suavity of manners. As a matter of course, the amiable maiden was, during the rest of the evening, the subject of the calumny and vulgar conversation of the two rural graces, Snrah and Jane Hall. At proper intervals, Miss sarah walked about the room in the full attitude of dumpy dignity, imagining herself some inches taller since she had heard the news; and smiling fronu time to time to her facsimile in the looking-glass, she thought that no one in the whole parish could stand up with her for statue or beauty. But still the burden of her sweet thoughts was the excellent news she had to communicate to Miss Mar garet Sawbones, the doctor's rickety daughter. CHAPTER IV. ON the morning following the delec table evening scene described in the last chapter, Hector Hall arose earlier than usual, and hearing the sound of the anvil, which to many has a very cheering effect, he went to light his wooden pipe at the smithy fire. 'Good morning, Mr. Hall,' replied Hector, with a grin of constitutional bypocrisvy ; only that Mr. Hilton, our roving Squire, is gang to Loudon soon. London is an awful place, and our young squires are very fond of its pleasures, and I sha'n't say what.' 'Too fond, too fond, Mr. Hall, I fear, for all the good they bring down with them to their poor tenants. And so the rquwre is going back to wicked Babylon ? 'Ihere is something in the wind concerning that.' 'It is an ill wind that blows nobody good, Bob !' 'I don t suppose he will take poor Helen Fairfield with him this time, since the poor girl has had a child,' said the honest smith, leaning the while on his sledge hammer, with an expression of emotion on his open countenance. '.No, Bob; but he may take a prettier,' pawkily insinuated Hector. SHe is a wild rake of a fellow, to say the least that LSquire of yours!' said the smith. 'I believe he'll scarcely leave us a girl with an honest name. Well-' 'Hush-hush, Bob! We must not say anything to offend Squire,' said HKator, with a subdued hypocritical accent. ' Offbtnd the Squire, did you say.? I care not a straw for Squire or any one else if they are not what they ought to be. Offend the Squire! Hark i Mr. Hall, if I had a daughter or sister, and he or the best Squire in all England were to betray her, as Mr. Hilton has Helen Fairfield, I should let him feel the weight ef that arm. As it is, and the girl is no re lation of mine, I could almost take her part, and call her seducer villain in his teeth. What girl could be com pared with pretty Helen a year ago ? My heart bleeds for her, poor misled creature !' 'Ha, ha, Bob, you are in ht earnest now !' said Hector, with a pro voking chuckle, being well .aware of the friendship that once existed between Coampion and Helen. 'In earnest! He who would not be in earnest, and in a boiling passion to boot,' said thle chivalrous Smith, ' when he sees a purse proud scoundrel ruining some of the best and prettiest girls in the parish, and besides break ing many a mother's heart, is a coward-a toad, Mr. Hector Hall ' 'Tut, man!' said Hall. 'These pampered, high-fed swells must have their will in all things, and if they have their pleasures they pay well for it. Well, it isn't an easy thing to know people in this world of ours; but I say nothing. It will all be known in time.' 'What do you mean?' said the smith, angrily. 'Keep your temper, Bob Champion keep your temper, man! Have you not yet heard,' asked Hector, 'of Mr. Hilton meeting Lilian Henderson in the wood the other evening?' 'I have not heard a word about it,' said the smith, much astonished; 'at d although I did hear, I would not believe anything wrong of that lovely maiden; and he who would dare to say so much of Lilian Henderson I should not hesitate to call him scoun drel and liar in his teeth!' ' I saw it with my own eyes, said Hector, 'and-' 'It's a diabolical lie, thou flat footed clodhopper!' cried Bob, regard iig the fermer fiercely. I say, Mr. Champion, it's -' 'Out of my sight, thou clodpole -thou stupid bullock, or I'll make you eat your slanderous lies, that I will!' With this the smith made a feint as if to spring upon Hector, who was much terrified, and in his hurry to es cape the wrath of such a powerful arm, he fell into a green stinking puddle in front of the smithy door, firom which it took some time and pains to extricate himself. This, of course, was most equisite fun to Bob Ohampion, who, at seeing the gossip in such a delectable pre dicameni;t, laughed till the tears ran down his cheeks. * At length the delinquent scramble • . .. , , . out of the putrid lair, literally plas tered wi'h its filth. In this very elegant pickle, hatless, and with but one shoe, the farmer made the best of his way to Mloss Side. In the very delectable metamor phosis which we have briefly des cribed, the two sisters could not recog nise their amiable brot!er, but took him to be some poor tramp, and ac cordingly shut the door against him with great precipitation. This, at first, was taken as a mere joke; but when Hector saw that it was rather in earnest he waxed into a tor rid ,nd towering passion, vehemently stamping and b aspheming, while with the foot that was shod he struck the door with great fury, but little effect. When Hector saw that the ebulli tion of his irascible temperament did not avail him a peg, he waxed calm, put his mouth to the keyhole of the door; and, with the most ludicrous pathos, said ' Sweet, dear sisters, do open the door to your brother !' By the euphonious inflections and intonations of his voice, Hector was at last recognised, and the door, of course, was immediately ordered to be opened. The person by whom the door was unlocked made a p-eeipitate retreat into the back kitchen from the slimy enemy from whose habilantJ emanated such a powerful effluvium as no nostril could withstand. Hector, however, notwithstanding his filth-saturated clothes, without ceremony walked upstairs into the room to which the seraphs had re tr a?ed. They stood aloof, and eschewed the nuisanca as much as possible, laugh ing at and pitying poor Hector by turns, while he swore, and threatened to make the Reverend Doctor Wynd ham excommunicate Bob Champion; that the said Bob should never more put shoe on horse of his while his name was Hall, while he was farmer of Mfoss- Side and churchwarden of the parish of Derwentwater. In the meantime, the sisters, fearing the consequences of his rage, produced his beat clothes, which, after a slight bath, he put on, execrating the black smith the whole time for an unre generate and reprobats heathen, worthy of perdition. Besides excommunication, Hector and his sisters now sat down to devise some scheme of revenge that would bear on his temporal affairs-the re moving him from the smithy of the district, to which Christian-like consul tation we leave them, and go over the way to the honest-hearted, doughty bla ksmith. 'He well deserved it !' said the son of Vulcan to himself, as he gave the bellows breath-' he well deserved it, the scoundrel! I begin to see now what the fellow meant. This is the re suit of the brute's disappointed love; and if he be any longer churchwarden to our vicar, I must say that the re vecend gentleman is easily satisfied. The devil clutch the greasy, bacon - eating, gluttoniouj idiot for the cursed lie which he had the impudence to tell me to my face ! It is an envious tale, hatched, I feel sure, by him and his two long bearded, ugly sisters, to ruin the loveliest girl that the soft south wind ever kiss.-d, or that the glad summer sun ever shon upon, and who, I may say, is but a stranger amongst us. I was in an awful rage, though; but, by Vul can, my rage was ,n the right side, and that to an honest heart is a great deal! The heartless brute that he is i I should have kicked him out! Well, I thank my stars now thatI did not take hold of the creature !' Thus spoke and triumphed Bob Champiin, and with his single-handed hammer he now struck the clear-faced anvil with such force and vehemence that the sound thereof reveberated to a considerable distance. Lilian Henderson's unlucky and, on her part, accidental meeting with Mr. Hilton at the waterfall was in a few days bruited in every house in the parish. SIndeed the supposed fact went from cot to cot, and from mouth to ear, with the rapidity oh a telegraph. A tale of this kind loses nothing in its progress, but the contrary, and th0 worst is often believed. We readily give full credence to the slander which is to divest our neigh - bour of a good name. As the pedlar unpocked his wares, and narrated the story, the old daine. sitting by the fireside; looked wise, and shook her head; while the daughter erected herself firmly, pursed her capa cious mouth, and, with a significant but vulgar emphasis, remarked that 'still waters run deep;' alluding, no doubt, to the quiet, unassuming man ners of Lilian Henderson. A few, however, like Bob Champion, who had been in her father's house, and witnessed the kindness, the affa bility, and sweep disposition of Lilian, would not believe a word that in the least tended to controvert their good opinion of her character. Among these were the old homless paupers, who daily and nightly ex pcrienced the goodness of her heart in its smiling and ameliorating chari ties. No beggar or fellow-being in ap parent distress, whether worthy or othlerwise of our sympathies, was ever in her father's house, and left it with out blessing the whole family for Lilian's -ako. MLr. Hilton had left Hilton Hall, and, as it was reported, for London. In the meanwhile, it was malevo. lently circulated, as a great secret, by the Halls, that Lilian Henderson, with her . fither's consent, was actually making preparations to follow that gentlemen thither. (Tfo be Continzued.) 