BISHOP MOORHOUSE. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, MAX. March 22, 1886. Sir — Unlike my friend "C.T." I am not awed at the idea of venturing to disagree with Bishop Moorhouse. A very sincere friend of mine writes me in a very impressive style very impressive style urging me to be sure aud read the bishop's speech, the tenor of his request conveying the inference that I should be impressed. To this I plead guilty. I had read it before receiving bis letter, and eo impressed was I that I cut it out for future reference. HU lordship commences by saying—" You know there are certain ages* which avo enabled by Divine Providence lo make great ad vances iu the knowledge of phenomena. Ours is such an age. The advance in physical science bus been eo brilliant that there is little wonder that men have said lo theumelves, 'Nothing is impossible to us.'*' Well, 1 was always under the impression that the men who have made advances in physical science arc those who disbelieve in a Divine Providence, and the last thing they would do is to ask His peuiiiesion. Hut perhaps though they per fected their ideas without Mich permission the bishop may infer that God granted it unconsciously to them, and influenced them in some way. According to the bishop's theory, then, Divine Providence did not permit this advance to be made in agf,- gone by, when Bruno, Galileo, Copernicus, Hypatia, aud niany otheis tried it, and 1 suppose it t.s a. fair inference to draw that He influenced them (somewhat after the plan Us adopted with Pharaoh), and instigated thtsa estimable ecclesiastic^ to persecute these poor wretches. What a pity He didn't influence the martyrs, aud warn tLtm to desist to save their unfortunate lives. I cannot go through hi.- lordship's latter seriatim, but it is an eloquent appeal on behalf of Christianity supported by his opinion, and presumably to some extent the opinion of the church he represents. He says, emphatically, "all the other religions are out of the field ; they are clearly inferior to Christianity ; they cannot be heard as competitors." Indeed, I imagine Buddhists would and could argue this point with some amount of confidence. I wonder he did not say they " shall not be heard." Such dogmatism as this from a man like bishop Poorhouse is characteristic of the spirit which im pelled 0.-.c cliurch ages ago, and does now, only in a necessarily modified spirit. Is it not absurd and monstrous to hear e.uch dogmatism by a highly cultivated prelate of his lordship's rank in the nineteenth cen- tury, when the tone of modern thought is so sceptical. His definition of agnosticism is another specimen of it, and if the exponent of it were not a bishop I should call it refined Billingsgate. He says—" Agnosticism says to you, there stands the infinite. You came out of it. It supports you every day of your life, but you must be content to know nothing about it and think nothing of it." His dog matism runs away with his charity. Again, agnosticism says nothing of the kind. The very essence of it is a frank admission that it cannot comprehend the infinite, which to them is simply a term used to express a human con- ception of something indefinite, nor does it imply that "yon must be content to know nothing about it." It accords you what his lordship would deny you—perfect freedom to examine for yourself anything, even though it clashes with received notions. His further epithets against men who dispute the infalli bility of Christianity are gratuitously rude and totally at variance with the character of Him whom be professes to reverence—Jesus. They are "foul mouthed ignoramuses, who are sneering at Christianity for bread." Is this Christ-like? And does it not strike an ordinary observer that if a man is the bishop's position accuses gentlemen equally conscientious and in every way his equal in intellect of such sordid motives that the argument way justly be turned against himself, and credit him with equally mer cenary motives? Is it, 1 may ask, unreason able to suppose that lie is indifferent to his splendid worldly position, to the homage he gets, and the comfort he derives from his liberal salary and his temporal power? I may suppose he is equally susceptible to the good things cf this world as hie poorer brethren,'and that it is to his benefit to uphold the process whereby be secures sneh. It i? human to do so, and I grant him liberty to do so in a tolerant Fpii it, not in the unkind spirit he does. He should bear in mind Professor Draper's very suggestive motto—"That the universal ac ceptance or adoption of any theory does not prove its infallibility." The very essence of Christianity's ostensible teaching (not as prac tised, alas) is mutual charity. His lordship's analogies where he advocates design, as implied in his illustration of the water-lily and the staghorn beetle, deserve a passing notice. An ordinary observer is apt to think that Gcd would have exemplified intelligent design by giving the male lily a longer stem and allowing him to fructify the female without committing suicide, or directing him to her instead of "floating about until he found her." And I think his lordship's assumption that the lily has no brain or nerves is premature. Science has shown that common sponger and quartz crystals have, and it is much easier to credit a living plant with them than an inanimate (?) stone. As be is pleasantly facetious over the lily's imaginary soliloquy, perhaps I may be pardoned a little latitude without being deemed frivolous, and remark that the female lily might possibly be under the impression that it was leap-year, which may account for her apparent forwardness in taking the initiative and proposing. As regards the staghorn beetle, one would imagine God would have dispensed with those cumbrous horns, and made it a simple matter to copulate. I have a pamphlet entitled "The theory of evolution as taught by Haeckel and held by his fol lowers, examined, and shown to be not proven." Its author is Joseph Hassell, an associate of King's College, London, and his modesty in saying it is (like a Scotch verdict) "Not proven" is commendable. He quotes many similar instances to those his lordship men tions, and I select one as a fair sample, i.e., the woodpecker. The bird has a peculiarly sharp and long beak, and to get a grub for his meal he pecks away at the bark of a tree, and after much bard work succeeds in pulling out with a curious tongue a very succulent grub, to travellers who want to go to sleep; and I have read that in America the noise of these bird3 pecking is very annoying I really cannot divest myself of the heterodox notion that god would have exhibited much more design in arranging matters so that this poor bird could get a meal without such a lot of trouble. I hold firmly to the evolutionary explanation that the bird has gradually de veloped the beak through having to hunt for his grub as I do that the very reverse of design is shown in the useless rudimentary organs on many creatures, and the sightless eyes of underground animals. Not to appear invidious I am pleased to bs able to cordially endorse his lordship's advocacy of a "spirit of intelligent enquiry independent of the fact that our grandmothers had taught u?." but if his lordship inculcates his theories on a par with the inference to be drawn from his remarks I fear his hearers would have no option in the matter. Again, I cordially concur that we should not resolve right into expediency, but he must admit that a very large amount of what is usually called right is so resolved, and that it does not necessarily fol low that his conception of right and wrong, or Cbiittianity "s professed one, is infallible. Right and wrong are simply terms used to ex press our conceptions of what experience ap parently teaches us is so. There are points even in Christ's beautiful teachings which are directly incompatible with human nature— "Love your enemies," "pray for those who defspitefully use you." I would welcome a mil lenium when these axioms were practised, but for the present I prefer the old-fashioned way. The concluding remarks of his lordship in referring to God's love are the usual orthodox utterances?, but that "spirit of intelligent enquiry" advocated by him is very prone to bring people to utter scepticism as regards the existence of the Holy Ghost, the truth of the immaculate conception, or the inhumanity connected with the crucifixion, with an osten sible object of eradicating tin. which has appa rently been ineffectual; and his remark that "God cannot compel but by the urgency, by the sweet inner persuasiveness of this spiritual in fluence we might be induced to do what is right," appears to detract from the magnitude of the one attribute usually conceded to God— omniscience. The bishop to me appears singu lar when he says "God cannot compel." Let me conclude by saying I have written in no unkindly spirit to the broader basis which some Christiana advocate, and I cheerfully concede his lordship supreme freedom of expression, consistent with an impartial tolerance of opposing views. The utterances of a man holding the position he does usually carry a great deal of weight, and being public are open to eulogy and criticism. Therefore I shall be glad to see that my efforts may cause some controversy ; even if it takes the form of opinion it may lead to the elucidation of 