MY WIFE OR HIS. BT OLEMENTINE MONTAGU. Au*tor of o The Lady of fhe lltom," " Ropesof oaad," " Life or Hlonor," rc., fe. CHAPTER XXIX. A BTrANOEIt OGUET. " Never morninq oroe To evensin, but so1e heeart tl Irn.ar." SGacr.i TLr.towro, though unseen, was not unminld. ful of the womnn he had lve:d so dearly nay. whom he stdl loved in spite of everything. liw he struggled with the affection that was b'lried in hie heart he alone knew; hut he fought tiho iglht bravely, and stamped out the feeling that threatened now and then toooornwherl him. Stiil, though h, knew now that dho coullI nseer be eonythiol. more to him than a sal sweet memory, Le was glad to hear of her welfare, and sin-'rerly thanllkul to laiy Ilolston for the hind letter she rent him con. coring her. "W\eo harve settled all abno: th ilttl: boy,' Minnie wrote, "and ho is vsoy happy, a:nI Charlotte is so plcased. I holpe yo will nale, lllin m tiler stand at the home that we : re quilte wiliil to io compense them in any way for the: ihss of ho, services. I am breginning to compllrehnd I ow whit they mmst have Leen to themr and IlI-ir poor. I have such ia febl:ng of secority now in '.oi.g out and leaving my boy. I :m .mino.t i:, .e of her, the little fellow semins to love h: r c, d .oly. She is so ladylike nawl i1,,am thb-t it .,., Os 0o 0110 0a00 times ae if that ,.reo.if :I t o, m.e , : i .,f -th, don I renleailor 1O w' l, al" ,0 : lo tit iof a bad dream. She singo to my 1,oy i a p',tL:a to I:i, and he seems to uniderstol l it all. i 0 Ild not have a better verson to 1 egin hii edIallmiu." Mlionnie's idea of idioation ditl nTol 1Le:in with the alphabet. She hel., li! e a sensio bi l,.o:her, th'it a child began to leiarn s sooeo as it 0oulo1 t?a'.e notico; and she was :ntfirl that no .aol :ntllence should come nigh her idoli-ed boy. ('harlotte's gratitude for the riitoval of her ownri chill to, the neigihborhotod of Lady I'e lestlon's home c hlrit strie with ll ller mi-tbt to 0.iv0e satif, t':on: and under the inlluneo of hier n w hal ppin0ess her fare regained much of its youthful no. e:ins<, and people who ise her indoors we.le apt to a. whob the di-;. timnaished-looking; ooman was that hadl come to reside with Lady Hol.ton. She was l,.veer seen out of doors without a veil thil: e:nough to aonoral hter face completely. She had never foorootten that terrible recognition of her huiband in I'Pris. tIe had not seen her; but she had seen and known him. fMinni0 once akerd her, in talking about things gone by, ht0r she had seen him --what he haol been doing; but she hoad evadedl the question ana burst into tears. "Don't ask me, dear lady," she said, weeping ; "I cannot bear to think of it. I shall never sre him again; but I shall always have the dreadful knowledge that he is alive-that the chain is not broken. I shall never know when he is nead, mayl e, and shall live in the fear of him to my life's end. Let me forget him if I can-if I can !" Minnie strove to comfort her as well 1a she coa'd and questioned her no more. In the time to coime Ehe unt'errtood how it was that her nurse, oull not spotk of how shoe hatd seen her recreant hullsiand. IMr. Talhot Ifalthaway arrived at Itelston only asout ten dans after lord Iteclton and his wife arrived there. Hiti voyage had been much quicker than lhid been anticil:pted, and hio blus 'ncs in London was at an end. All unacquiontcd with thi ways of English olunty folks, he thoooghit he had only to present himself at ielston Grange and be wetl oe owhenever it soited his :-onvenience to arrive, and he was not mist:ken. A guest more or less did not put Minnie or her husband out; and she wase just as glad to receive him now as the would have been wrhen lie was actually due. IIe was a good looking, refined old gentleman of plcasint manners; oomewlhat oily and ill a' caro at first in the onaccustomed society of English plcoi l, but nery gonial and enterta:imng lohen hie leoan to be at home ; and n devoted admnirer of M1innie from the first ,moment of their acquaintance. " It all seems a~ strange," he said, pearthing o1 her as she tat with her baby on her lap talking to himin her own Ilretty morning 1oom. "1 tihoniht to come home and see you, my boy's wife. I loved him dearly, my dear, though I seemed cold and dis tant to him sometimes." "lie never thought so," Minnie said, wondering is she remembered how little Arthur had l1 ooken of this lovable old man who had been so good to him. 1'erhaps he felt it though he did not speak,' Mr. Ifathaway said, with a little sigh. "I was not used to the ways of lads, and I dare say I was a stern gcardian to a lively boy, but I loved him dearly. lie was my dead sister's eon, and very like her very likl her." "'lHn was very handsome," Mlinnie said, feeling that she must spealk,or the old man would think ther silence odd; "th o handsomet man 1 ever saw, I think." " Ah, you loved him, child," was the grave re sponse. " IIe was well enough, but no Apollo: bulint perhaps he changed. lHave you his portrait'" "SNot here," ady Ilelstonl riplied. feeling as if every qoretion of the uneonscious old nan were, a sharji stab. " At home - at Kinnoull IHouse." " Aye, to te sure. What an old fool I mus lie ! You would hardly bring his likene-s here; so hie caused you unhappiness ? I eam sorry for it. lio was not a bad lad ; hie must hay, blen led awi:y. Ah, we won't talk of it, dear. You are safe and happy rnow = h" ns-ohi yea," and a sweet smile plaved ablntu Ilinnii's lit oin she thought Ihoe' happy. ' unt Arthur,-ho is dead, MIr. Ithawayr. Wo will niot tall: about him in that way. I iave forgotten all that sad time." " Yes, woe will lot him riot, loor boy. T'higs are all for the best if we only know it. jverythiung that happens to us is ordained there. 'There, I htlev made you iry, and what will yoiur hlusn;l say ? I am :s old marn, miy diar, and gacrulous where I should eI, silent very oftr:n." tle tdlled in nmuch thl. Itolale way to lthleliirhr nnI I.ord ieluti , Itaentii? thlat his ie , a ]^' c alled Arthur Cliilor,l, sho'iil, have e chang .d. 1 Shall we tell him P" Lord ticlnton asked his father-in-law, after one of thesea conversations. r" Is it fair to lot him talk like this in ignorance?" " Do o we now enough to tell him ?" the bankter said. "We only olspecet; at least we have no a!ctual •proof." ro I tiould swear to what I know. Thelnnll \vhoso portrait you shlwed me is the ran I spoke of htaving rnot in Paris-'thU man from whoml I. saved the li?d 1 told you of. How he comes to hbe alive I doll't k;now ; he was reported washed oveCbolard on that night from the packet boat, and his things delieered up to the police." "Then let us say nothing : ha is dead now, and wo can do nothing ; it would only pain Mlr. Ilatha way toknow the truth. I have very little doubt his nophew is doetd also, or he wollld have heard of him, anyway, let it tobe for a day or two. I am a very aoward, hlelston. I eem to dread unrcisonably any al iaion to tho a ristoable times." S"I don't wonder. Well, weo won't rake them no anain. I ot the dead past bury its dead, I ray; the ashes of bygone sorrows are always best let alone. Perhaps he will never resumn tIe subject." It was two days after this that Minnie was sitting in hier fao'ourite corner of the private garden with her boy in her arms. Charlotto Sydney was in the villtgo spending an hour or two with her own child, which grow and throveo apace in the sweet country air. Already the little fellow wias quite iat homeo ith the kind motherly soul who had been selected by I adv IIclston for his nurse. She would not have hesitated to trust her own child to the goaod oeman's keeping, if it had, been neoessary, she told MIr. Sydney, and Charlotte was well content. . . .. ... SAnnio, the undoer-nureo, was hovering ni.r, rerdy to take tho baby if he should cry. lut INinnio liked nothing better than to have her Loy all to lherself for a little while now and then, and to :foidla him and play with him in a fashion that would have horrifed many an aristocratic mother. She loved to let him pull her about and drag nt her haoir, and mako ruthless havoo amongst her frills and l!ounces. ier nmother-in-law laughed, and declared :that oho would never be a pattern mother, and that "sbe despaired of over scoing her a mIodel of fashion table proprioty; and Stephon would hug her aind lrj rlbbly too and protest that he would not have ier or Iii boy iltcred in the tiniest little (ling. A hlpelcesely unfishhinablo couplo were my Lord and Ladly I oldton, for they loved caclh other with all Sthelir hiarts,and woro not oahamed of the fact, or of any oeo knowing it. 'lv Ibonnie boy!" Mlinnio said, npostroplising her effsprifg, who was pulling hor hair. "Tim tlnniest boy in all the world; what is it, darlinfi f" nii tlhI chili il' lrilrd a loud sharp scream as if somno thlinu Imil I'lilghtenol him. *' Iid you ceo mmii,'thing Annie:" "No, my lady." " Take hiin in: perhaps he is getting sleepy, ' Ivtyv Iieliton ai'd, as the laby nestled iup to her and laid his head down. " AWe shall get into disgrace if we let him sleep in my arms. fMr. Sydney doss not allow it" " No, my litad, osh,'s very p:iticular shout that. She rays that I ed is the proper place for a baby to sleep 'hen hIi is well." " Ah, well, my darling shall go to ibed and sleep,. Takoscare, Annie; lay him dows n carefully, and see that 'lko d Ios not jiump up on him whetn he is in his cot." y es, toy iady." " And I ?till eornmeup directly, almost. Give him his i is uit, anl 1: -ur, you do't htyi him down with any in his mouth." " I'll t4:,. aare, my lady," and Anniei walked off with the child, a prod lgirl to he so ,spoken to and trntecd bii htr rii-tress. Yoko burst from soime hidinsg p'a:e where he had been ec'iat.hiong and bhaking for the last few minutes, and s aompered oh to tih hoi?e after :her. loe seemed to have trans ferred his aficticons from his mistress to thil tahy, snd to love the Itlile heir with a canine affecct en that was almost human in its faithful v :fchful S, oping anid waking he electle to stay with the chill : and any one meddling e ith him o"cnsively would hate felt sYoo's teeth in his irlnd. Ills ath eition would have been incniernicint if he had not been carefully watched, for e in i*ted on lying at the foot of the tbivt's cot. o nl, si i t were rigour otsih ste l: iherefroin. The elder l.aly Beleton would illtre had him hanished from the nuirsery alto. gelthr, biut her son and daughter-in-law would not hear o it. " Tl.ere iav be nse in a dog's alfe tion, some tin'." his loriship said. " 1..t him alone; even his l?te is o. tI- be sparned." "Slapoid little do'o.Sie,"Minnsa seaid to herself, as she w.b hied the antics of the odd-lookingti creaiture in his ':iorts to get nt the baby in Annie's arms. I" le swold speak if heo could,: heis far too fat. I lier werds dlied on her lips as she utt,-red them: fro.wn there eie an awful terror-- terror th like ,if whith she Ihad nev(r felt nor imagined. A ma: h:t come (.iut of the btshes someswherei, which way shI h.d not t noe, and was standing tefore her. A hagti d, evil-lotking m:an, with a tini'i-r sienile on his ft c, :.nd his hand .telctche l ,ut ti, hier. ", od wtorning, Lady Illehton," Ihe :;aid, :tnl 1itnnie al't dl stared at him as if she were teurine it!o ,tenm.' She tried to cry out, blut lei white lilp= wonll utter no sound. " l'on't do that," the man sid. "Don't seicam: it will do uno good. I don't want a parcel of peoplc here(. Don't lbok like that; I don't want to hIlt yoll." " \thuat do you want f" \Was that her own voice, 3Iinnie wondered, or so:aeione e!re's in another place. 1The wtrds sine out, but in si h'a hsh tand strained tone that they tere hardly intelligiblo. The man understood thten. " What do I want?" he repeated, with a Eneer. "I want the prire of your position here, my Ladly ItO'ston. I want mone.." " I have none: only a little. I--" " No, yesou don't carry money; fine Intadies seldoia, do, but I must have it for all that. Y, Ia will get some of your nolle husland. Your hu?tsband, do iaiu hear, or I nmay let in the light oil a thing or two that he wo,,tlui't like to hear." " No, ns: fir mer!cy's sake!" Minnie said, hnrlly Ino:ing what she was maving or doing. "What shall I do? Ah, heaven! what shall Il d' " Iuy me off ; you can do it at a i.rice. I don't want to s; oil elport. Look here ; I won't tie herd oni you, my latldy. Give me what you have about yoinl, nd meet me with some more this evening swhetrec'er you (hoesse to appoint, and I will give you time to think. If you don't--" "What wil von do?' " Atk his lordship 'for it msy'elf," an-l his eves look, d into hir's with i baleful s'are; the eyes that she itrl once thought ,lsore beautiful anld spekhing than all the world-tihe oves of Arthur Ciiffold : She was eithir mad or dreaming; she ninstlhe! Arthur was dead long ago, ndi she swas a tlspp wife ad a tendeir in, thier; and yet lie was here st:l'aslitg 1'lfor h-ir loklintF at her as he looked that. territ-le nigthtt when he had thretosned to manti r tiher, and Iha 1 revealed himself in all his native villainy "Yes; it's all true.' he sail, answ-erinteg l: thli'cht :and her looks, for ,he i ad not spoken : " I .ain here, lMrs. Cliffoid--your husbandt ! You h-,ve had e'nough of prosperity, and I want a little of it. Ie:avesn knows I have had little enough of it hlaely." " My huibdansl-ah, no!" 'Minnie said, frasti. cally. " I am!l.ady~Ielsttcn-Steilhen is may hIs :t-nsl: and my bhoy-uhl! imiy boy. Oh! I am mad \--1 must i e, ndrl it it a phantom of my fany'." " No, it isn't: it's a desp,.rate mnn come to hts wife for help and the means of living," was the cool anwee'; "and with your good leave, my lady, I'll have them, or I'll make the .roanrys ring with the tale of how the proud lady of Ielton is - sthe, no, don't 3ay it! It is't triue. Stepllrn is my hisbhaind.,t " And how the heir has no right to the title. ' he went on, brutally, and tlinniei writhed helplessyi as she liotened. "lih's a fine oey, my luady, and a prietty ito': but I haveInl' to lift my little finger to have him made sonething lower tim tihe gto?nus thit. tend in your stable yonder. isite me your pl:rs', moy lady : I ree you are fl sb!ing for it. Iveo let you alone long enough. It is my turn now " " \Wy have yeon let me alone so lung? Minnie nskeil, her voice brokeen by pasilng esob. " If y.-i knew that I was hero and happy, it was truel- cruel." " Ie imps I had a falncy for seeing you onjoy your:ellf," ,,as the heartless answer. "l'erhapl I ha:d other reasons that made it inconce. l'at (;ive me that money, madaml; your luoslhotl is storting. I h;ave not had thk lai.2r of "Ihleton Grmgog at my command sin'o I hlnd thl plcta-ae of meeting you last. Inh! a atall allowance fora lady like you to carry alont with her," he added, cno he shook the money out of the little purse into the pailt of his dirty-!oo'.ing hand. "Two sovereigns and some ,silver;: ell, it is enoIugh to buy me food and something drleent to putt on. Now tell mne where I can see you to night with jsomlae Imore mitoney, and then we t:nii talk thIl Iatcr aver trad rean go abouti the future. t ar thier yotl l i o:le,or I id mallke the lwhle coutire :ide ring with the story before to-morrowr morn ing. "Comeo here," Mlinnio replied: "no one ever comes here after dark. Ir ill make some e',cuse about ten o'clock rand come. You shall have money andll then--" " And then I will tell you that I mean to1 do. lon't I c a fool and lt the becret out till oe have tal'.ed t:gether; keep it for your son's take if not for yeour own." "'lote ulltlch mollnley do you ucant--n, dolt t oIiti, mle, don't conilu nIea:r rlte," as hle would have assist,,lt her to rise and stand on her feel. " I ol itnh,: die on t(he ground here thai have II hiad of youri. to help me up. Namo the price of my silo,'Ce for to. night and leave Imnc. "I ;want lilly pounds to-night; I wotuld i:le three times as much as that, but 1 don't want to be hui!, and I know that in country houses cash is not taltays to be had. Bring that and we Mill arratge about our future, my most loving wife. Ilemetmber, on this spot at ten. lie was gone liko a ghost, as it seemed to the wretcheeld Iinnio, who stood there with all he brilghtness struck out of her life at ono bloew. S cI anid shivering she clung to the back of the ciru, or which she had been sitting, and ntoa;rce aloud in l 1 agony. IHer husband ! that was what the had calted himself, this dreadful-looking manr-a licnlish like ness lf the gay, handsome Artlirr Clifford, til, hual won hr olheart in the days gone by, but himself for all that. What could hoe do ? Alas! nothing, she its at his mercy,-she must keepi the tryst awl take lim the a mony before she could even think: \hat tourse to pursoe. She must purchase his silence for a brief period; at any rate, till she cou'd frame rolne lan. Alas! . what lan could l'elp her from the conuu?tuances of the horrible reee.rrcction ? CIIAPTER XXX. R EEPI'n ltil TRYITI. A tI]no !-nI- d t .io toll.tt ITord, GOldly spokco, ltonl 0o colhly le.t'd; Ye all that roet.t sing, tor gr ie halth h!,?v,, Of hopcs hlid oastcio ll.. io that worl--Alocol I" SHI'VERtlING and sick, linlnio rais: , Il:ersr-lf from the seat into which bho had sunk , l-tin, a, tlli trot (i:;i appeared and tried to collect thor Ihoghts. hie could not weep; lshe hid iotl fdioted I oct ,.1.1 scarcely think, so ltunnelld w tas Ie t' lth d it l discovery. It. w1a no ilticn-to a ilol;e. .\i:h-; r Clifflord hatd stood oe torn her by soile r:.,irit1 chonco; not deadt, tas silo had thliln! fully tdeloo. Ith li, but alive, ilnd in tie tel, t, to detrloy iall clr I noss, and bring rnin and desolationl otn olll i h lvet tcl Lest. WVhalt could sio tdo? - To t hol CootItu II o at;,ply in her llagony Could sU o ,oi Ith r llttslll I I It ! yes, lnl' hlutbantd, the only tottt clot i ot h .1 r .ally loved, shit litow that ,oo, antd t ll hios Ih. t It was a dishonoured man, and that his chill--ah ! his child ! what was he ?-her darling boy. The little heir that they were all so proud of? A namelas thing. A ba'sy with no inheritance; no place in the world. Oh! if she could only werp? If the tears would only come and relieve this horrib!e pressure on her brain, she would know thatit w.s all a dream. She would wake, and this nightmare would go away and leave her herself again. Ah! no; it was all real. She was in the garden, under her favourite tree, and there was the first dinner bell, and she had promised to we t this man-this ghost from the grave again-at'ttn that night. " My lady, mry lady." The voice of her maid rouseod her from her trance of wretchedness and misery, and she answered mechanically, " Yes, easton. Do you want me'?" " Yes, my lady, I was to find you and tell you that his lordship and IMr. iGreyson have gone oat, and dinner is not to be kept for thems. It is some justice business about the poaching at Five Acres; and they may dine there,-if not they-oh, my lady, what is the matter? Has anything happened?"' Sho caught sight of her lady's face,'ss she spoke, and started back appalled. at its whiteness 'and rigidlity. " No," Miinnio said, in a harsh strained voi e, that she hardly rczognised as her own. " Nothing has happened. I have a horrible head. ache, that is all. I am rather glad the gentlemen are out, for I can get to bed soon. Don't look so Ecared at ie W\eston, I am nut ill." Weston could hardly believe it, for she totteredas she rose from her seat and tried to walk, and the maid had to give her an arm for the first few steps towards the house ; then she roused herself by a mighty effort, and except that she was pale, and seemed to have lost her spirits, she was herself agatin to all outward seeming. "I must thide it, I must hide it," she kept saving to herself. " No one must know till-ah, I disr not think yet- I must have time to consider." She succeeded so well in concealing that any thing had happened that her excuse of a sudden and violent headache was taken as su3:cient Iyv 1t ae II&cston; at least. Mliss Esther's quick eyes detrctct something more, and she was on thorns, gero.l od lady, till she could gethernieco aloneand talktoi lecr. "It is really only a heada- he, auntie dear ?" Minnie said, when they were alone in the dressing-room. "I have been wsorsed a little, and I was out in the sun. Hlaveo yo any money, auntie ?" " IMoney, my darling? Yea, I have cose ome wih me. Why "Jlecause I am in a osr.pe, dear; that is all. I want to send away something I ought to have l:pid long ago, snd-iand-I forgot it, and S:cphl n would be ,seed ii he kinew. I w;int nearly twenty pounds. latve you as much as that?" " If I have not, I have some of ouln ftlher's, but won't it do to-morrow, dear? IMust you attend to it to night ?" "I would rather, auntie. I'll tell y on all about it to- morrow, when I have got it eoff mmind," Minnie s tid, with a ghatstly attemptt at sa mile that woult not have deceived any one i-ut the silnple-hearted Mliss ;ray)son. "I wmrit to tell St-phen that it is paid when I tell him anything sat all about it, and i feel quite guilty when I think of it. If I get rid of it by the l..st post to-night it will do." " You shall have it, dear," Miss Grayson said, wondlering a little, for she knew tIlat hier niece was denied nothing bIy her husbanl. " I hole .Minnie is not getting into feashionable extraagiant habits," she said to he:self, " and running bills that her hn-band knows nothing abost. I will talks to ther to-morrow. Let nme see, twenty pornds. I have thirteen, and I know I may tikse ia miuch more of sutl's, he would give htier nvthlling she wantted ; but I feel uneasy about this, I do in els ""l ~ io Minnic iad the money she wantel, and sat staring at it in her own room feeling as if she were going ioad. She was amply spplied, but ohe rarely (arried any money with her, and all she had in the lonose jut now. wIa somsething oser twenty poun !s. lThere it lhy--her own litte stock and gl hat she had borrowed from her aunt-a crisp roll of bank-inotes to be presently transferred to this demon, who had risen from his grave, nas it seemed, to blight her whole life. What was to coime after she could not think yet. She must go away hrol here, of course, and live out her life an best shCe c,oldl eomiewlere-, far away from -r erylody to wh mi she lend brought iiisery ian ruin Poor Minniei, soln oiged with lierelf as if it was her fauilt alone that this awful thing: had happvned, as if she were to blame that he ha t crme. back; to persaecute her. " If I ha1 nvrer seen him," she muttered; "if I haid n: or gone to the hbank that day ; ahl i I imight have lbeen: h ! God help mo- God help me! If Scould onlly die, and not bring sihaime and misery on tIei:,al! " ohe n:ovcd quietly about her room where she h:d look.ed herself in, making certain preparations for the course she intended to take. "I fo:got," she muttered; "I ought to have asked auntie for more. Hie will want all this;: he canno have it all. lie- can but kill me, and it won't matt r miuch." IHer Inrain was almost turning, hut she went about whelt slo was doing with a calmness th.t was in its, l inl!i, ative of mischief. It seemed as the Iiateo were p:opitious to whatever shie had iu her head to do that night; for ai messenger calmie aga'n from the gentlemen, saying that they should be very late, and no one was to sit up for them. Ch'lar lotte cydney was in the roomn when her lady was told of this, and Minnie turned to her and aidu that in that case she ? ould have baby. She often lad her chldl with her at night if anything kept Lord Hlellon away, and there was only her pale face and evir'eot lie el:fahe mo make the nurse demur. " Won't he fatigue you, my lady ?" she naked, and Minnio said no. She should like to have him, andl nh would be slre and ring if he was restless, or she found he disturbol her in any way. " And let mo bs quitf by myself for a couple of hours,'she said to Weston and the nurse. " lThere's nothing elso for it when I have a nervous headIache. By bed time I shall be able to talk and take some thing." Lady Illston cameno in to see her, and her nont would have stayed with her, but she kew of old that when Mlinnio had one of her had headaches she liked nothing better than to be let alone; so she gained the coveted two hours, and was lottin silenco and darkness. At ten n'clock sab was at the place where she had seen Arthur Clifford, and he stepped from the bushes and stood before her. " You are punctual," he said ; "I hardly thought you would be. I thought you would go to your father and- " "1 have not betrayed you," Minnio said, quietly; "if youi have any secret to keop it is safo for me. Wihat you have to say to me say quicly, for I shall be miosed, and it might be bad for you if you are found ileio." "It imight be had for me to be caught, cerlainly," tie said, looking at her with malevolent eyes; " but it woull be worse for you, I fancy. lHavo you brought the money ?" " 1ll I rould get to-night," she said. "MyIfuther is alwaiy, and I had not enough of my own. Hero is 1,i. ):ou must make that do." " Where is my lord, that you, his wife, could not got i paltry , il Whore is the loving husband that would hang every hair of your head with dia ioends if you wanted it? That is what the good people of this place say of Lord Helston's devotion." " ito not spie d of him--he is out; and if he were not, do you think that I would take ia penny of money of him to give to you P What do you tbeo me for." " For my wife-and, by heaven ! I have a great mind to claiim you publicly and tako you away-it would be better fun, only porhaps not quite so pro. itablo as--" "Take me away," sho repeated, with kindliing eyes. " Do you think I would live for one momaoen under the same roof with you? D)o you think that I would go with you P" " I think it would happen if Lehose to assert my rights, Mmr. Clifford." " Iush," she said in terror. "Do not speak ltb oamn aloud. You might take my dead body ft whatever home you chose to select, but no living wife. I should have courage to end it that way if in no ofemr." i " Secret for cecret then," he said, <oolly. " 1 ou shall be I aly lioloton os long as you consent to paV for it. I know what your fathor was fool enough to do on your birthday; I have heard a thing ot two, though I have bcon out of sight myself, and I knollo tloit you are independent of oveorybody, and can afford to pay for your little fancies. Look hero, my most loving wife, that would rather die than lire with me, pay me one thousand pounds a year and you shall keep your coronet, and I will never ilterfero with the right anl titlo of that squalling vouiugter in the house yonder. 11u shall be Lord l7llolln when his time comas for aught I will do to prevent him, and you shall be at peaco as long as you p.ay for it." " tou ask more than I possess," Minnio said in a quiet, hard voice that ounded noas if comeo from a distanei , so tchained and unnatural was it. "I cannot give you ati answer to-night. I must have limoe to think." "h ! talo time by all means," he replied. "Ileeus on ;ia the ginls say. I will give you till twelve o'clock to-morrow, and then, if you do not come to terms with me, I will take measures for my own safety, and I will blow the whole affair, and humble your lordly husband to the overy dust. Who is he that he should flaunt it about with another man's wife, and palm off on the world as his heir a--, ",Stop!" Minnie said sharply. "I will make terms with you, but not now. As you say, I will sleep on it. You shall know to-morrow. Do not come here; be content to wait for me in the park. by the big oak with the fence round it. You shall know what I will do then." " Very well;" he returned. "And you shall know, too, in case of your playing me any trick, but I'll trust you for that," he added looking her in the face. " I have you under my thumb, my I ndy He?ton, and for your own sake you will not fail me. " Yes, you may trust me. .et me go now, please. I can bear no more to-night. Give me till to-morrow evening before dinner, sic o'clock." " Very well, six o'clock. I shall look for you, my lady-my wife. Kiss me, Minnie, and let us be friends:" She lifted her hand'and struck the face he bent towards her with all her might, leaving a stinging red mark on his false cheek, and then turned and walked away without another word. She could bear no more -her strength and courage were going, and in another moment she felt that she should have shrie?ed out her misery in wild screams to all who might be within hearing. " Will she come ?" he said to himself as he rubbed his face and looked after her. "Yes I think she will, and if she does not I can still make a living out of this business. Lord HIIolston will pay to have the manner of his disgrace kept secret; MIr. Grayson will pay to keep me from his daughter, and neither of them will have me rearrested because of the scandal: it would cause. Anyway, whichocer way it turns I shall fall on myfeet. She is more plucky than I thought her, my pretty little Minnie;: and how she is improved. She was as milk-and-water a girl as I ever came near; dropped into my mouth, as it were, without the trouble of plucking. She seems to have seen something of the world since then, and to be a woman of spirit and forethouoghbt. To-morrow at six under the old oak, my future arranged from that time and forty pouinds in my pocket nose-not so had after the taste of Frenrh prison life I have 'had lately." TTe laughed disagreeably as lie made his way o:t of the garden and towards the vill:ge- tuhroneh shichl he walked, taking the road to the nearest twvn, leaving Helston Grange wrapped in dalrkess and peace and all unconscious of the tempest that was about to break over its ancient roof, orthe agony that its young mistress was oven then enduring. Minnie was better, she said, when Weston came to undress her, and she went to bcd'with her boy by her side, after wishing every one good night. Not to sleep; she softly turned thie key in the lock of her door when she was left alone, and veiled erery cranny through which the light of her Inamp could be seen, and set about preparations for leaving her home for ever. She would tike her l ov and ':v away where no one could find her, and hille he-sell and her shame where she could harm no one by her nnlucky presence. She put all the money she had in a little purse in the bosom of her dress, and put on her cwatch and chain, and a few rings that she had had before mr'r riage with Lord Helston. A great deal of her jewellery was in London-all the most costly part of it; but there were some valuable trinltetl here, and these she put up in her bag, togelther with a change of clothes for herself, and as much as she could carry for her baby. ' She did not dar. to dress him-l-e would awakes; but she would wrap him in'n fur-lined mantle that hung in her wardroboe :nd dress him at the first hotel she came to. When she had finished her preparations, she sat edown and wrote two notes-one to her father and one t 1 or-d Ilelston. Her heart was almost brea'sing. but she was wonrerfully calms- the calmness of despair it was--the horrible stillness than can find no vent in words or weeping. 1" I. is not. dead," wore the words she adndresed to her hsehand. " I am not your wife, St ephrn. I have never been: foregive me, if you cam, for the misery I have broueht upon o on, and forget me. I shalt soon die, I think,-I ame turning to stone now, but" you will see me no more." The few lines she addres=ed to her fsther acre wildly incoherent-she could not command her thoughts any longer. HIer pen would not obey her will, and she scrawled a few broken ,enltees and sealed them up with her cheeks burniem and her eyes glittering like one in a fever. Then she wrapped hlerself in'the plainest clotting she possessed, and with her boy asueep in her arms. and a h,:rs in her hand as well, she crept doa:nstaire and out into the darkness of the night. oso shel got along she never Insew; in after time she could never tell any thing about the events of that night But she managed to reach a little wayside station where she was not recognised, and catch anl early morning train swhichboro her up to London, and out of the ken of all who knew and loved her. "VWhat is it, Mrs. Sydneyo? Is thero anything the matter ?" 't was Lord Helston who spobo. Coming suddenly upon Charlotte Sydney in the early morn ing listening at his wife's door. Heo andl r. Gray-on had accepted beds at the house ihero lther had con detained the night lofore, and had ridden osrr in the first hours of the morning, reaching IHelston Grance before eight o'clock. "I hope not, my lord," she said, st:rting up from her .stooping posture. " tut my lady was nit veryv well last night--a violent headache she said it v as, and she lookod very ill: and, knowing you were likely to be out, she insisted on having the bhahy with her. She has not rung for him to 1 fetched away, and he generally wakes long before this. I was listening for him ; but I can hear nothing." "'they are both asleep most likely," lord Helston said with an uncomfortablo sense that something was wrong, and stooping as Clmrlotto had done to listen "I do not hear a sound." "Nor I, my lord. It is very unusual. I should have gone in, but her lalyship has locked the door on the insido- and that is a thing f never know her do lefort."' " Nor I," SPtehen Voreker said, shi 'king the door and calling, " Minnie! Minnio, my dear! Are yoll awake?" Thero was no answer; all was as still as tihe grave in the room beyond the lockol door. Minnio was far out of reach of the loving voice that was ca'?ng upon her,and Lod delslon ws asserio':sly alarmed now. " I vo you tried the dressing-room door ?" he oasked. . " Yes," answered Charlotte. "I tried th it first. It is loikted, too." Actti In Lrd HielsLon called, and after a moment's waiting mnl silence, lie put his shoulder to the door and tricdto burst it open. For awhile it retstled his efforts, and then with a crash that i nought his mother and Miss Grayson out in their dressing gowns, and Mr. Grayson and the servants from doonsl'airs to seeo what was the matter, it yielded and he entered the silent and empty room. (To be conhlnued,) 