OUR ADELAIDE LETTER CHRISTIAN UNION. I thought that Christian union, from the Anglican point of view, when translated into English, meant absorption by the Church of England. This was not stated in so many words by Bishop Kennion, but it might have been inferred from what ho proposed aa a preliminary step towards union, namely, that non- Anglican Protestant ministers should be admitted into Anglican pulpits upon signing the Nicene Creed and obtaining the Bishop's licence ; in other words, they could be admitted to Anglican pulpits when they became Anglicans. This is so tremendous a concession that Protestant ministers should go down on their knees and thank the Bishop. That this is the real meaning of the Bishop's proposal may be gathered from Canon Green's naive remark, who said at Port Adelaide on Sunday evening last that if non-conformist ministers would accept the Bishop's proposals, they would no longer be schismatics, but one with them. He also said they could not expect that all dissenters would come back to the bosom of the mother Church. This scheme of Christian union by absorbing all the other churches into the Anglican is a little too thin. BISHOP KIRBY ON BISHOP KENNION. The Rev. J. C. Kirby caused some amusement on Saturday last when he announced that on Sun- day evening Bishop Kirby would reply to Bishop Kennion and Canon Green. Mr. Kirby will not discount his own licence to preach and administer the sacraments, which he said he had received from the Holy Ghost, countersigned by duly constituted Christian churches. He showed that in Englishspeaking countries the members of the Anglican Church numbered only twenty millions, as against sixty millions of other Protestants, and considered it unreasonable that the larger number should be absorbed by the smaller. He was against union by incorporation, and held that all godly souls in all the churches were already one. If Bishop Kennion would preach for him and administer the communion he would do the same for him. Mr. Kirby thought that one big denomination was not the New Testament idea of the Church, and would if realised be a misfortune to the race ; and here I concur with Mr. Kirby. THE OPPOSITION AND THE MINISTRY. 1 questioned from the first the probability of the House accepting Mr. Coles as its guide, philosopher and friend, instead of Mr. Downer. Mr. Coles has the reputation of being a good Commissioner of Public Works. Perhaps he is ; but he is a Catholic, and I don't want the cleverest Catholic in the country to be at the head of our affairs. But to compare the aspirants for office with those who are now in power, I am safe in asserting that Mr. o Rees would not be an improvement upon Dr. Cockburn, nor would Mr. Kingston be better than b Mr. Bray, or Mr. Homburg than Mr. Downer. I question even if Mr. Rounsevell would be better than Mr. Newland. He certainly has more beef, i but not more brains. Mr. Rounsevell is not a better man morally than the present Treasurer, r who has, I am told, been a hard worker if not a great talker. The House was therefore wise in thinking it was better to endure the men who were in office than place others there whose merits had not been tried ; and in this the country agrees with the House. THE MINISTRY RECONSTRUCTED. The Ministry has of its own accord reconstructed itself. Mr. Newland has resigned, and his portfolio has been taken by Mr. Bray, who has before held office as Treasurer, and who is a good financier and well acquainted with the duties ot the position. Mr. Spence has stepped into the shoes of Mr. Br;iy and h^s become Chief Secretary, which is a change for the better. It is not convenient to have the Commissioner of Public Works in the Upper Chamber when measures of importance relating to his department are before the Assembly. The new man is Mr. Fun.er, who has taken the I'ublic Works office. Mr. Furntr has yet to win his spurs as a minister, lint lie has been a <iseful hard-working member i"*' ih>* Rouse, and lua held office for a time as Chairman of Committees. Last year he led the Assembly in the matter <>f retrenchment,, and possesses it good rU>al of influence. His acceptance of office should be an accession of streugth to the Ministry. I earnestly hope that all parties will now get to work to advance the interests of the colony. THE VIGILANCE COMMITTEE AND PUBLIC MORALS. The Vigilance Committee exists for the purpose of promoting the administration of the social purity laws, and to promote generally purity of relation between the sexes. Its rules and operations are kept strictly secret, except when public morality seems to require that some matter should be made public. Last week a case was made public in which a man was discovered in the very act of plotting the moral ruin of a young woman. I need not specify here the particulars of this case, further than to say that the publicity which has been given to it lias created a wholesome fear in the minds of inen who practice this sort of thing, and it has shown young women that there is in existence a society, which will exert itself for their protection. It is time something occurred to check the immorality which goes on in this city, which if all accounts be true, is rapidly qualifying itself to be classed with Sodom and Gomorrah. THE NEW LICENSING BILL. Leave has been granted to the Treasurer, the Hon J. C. Bray, to bring in a Bill to ammend and consolidate the law relating to the licensing of public-houseB. The text of the Bill is not yet accessible, but the Tre&Burer; in MB remarks indicated generally the scope of the Bill, it was intended to remedy the defects in the working of the present acts. It would embody a number of suggestions made by the Licensing Bench and in public discussion, and would provide for Local Option on the subjeot of the further increase of public-houses in given localities. In reply to a question, Mr. Bray said, the Bill did not provide for the lessening of the number of public-houseB. Mr. Playford said he should strongly oppose the extension of the Local Option system, and thought; i the time was inopportune for the discussion of the question. Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Colton thought the introduction of the measure a good thing. I am rather afraid of it. We can scarcely expect to carry the principle of Local Option just yet in the form in which we would like to have it, and I am apprehensive that if the House tinkers with the question we shall have a worse law as the result than we have at present. 