BEHIND A MASK : A ROMANCE OF HEAL LIFE. ? Ghaptbb XVI. — Continued. The stage was lighted from the wings and feom limelights operated from the galleijyi so that the footlights might be dispensed with, being, it 'was thought, both dangerous and Inconvenient for the occasion. Moreover, the scene itself necessitated an unnsiial. number of gas-jets in the wings and' flies*. The. curtain went up to weird music upon aseries of mysterious movingreratizesthat gave glimpses of strange, spirit-like figures, de veloped now and then almost into appear ances of real form and action by the chang ing beams of light which swept the stage from the gallery, and during which the Hymn of the Spirits was sung by a chorus placed somewhere in the flies, so that the vocal strains seemed to fill the entire atmos phere of the theatre. The words had been printed in gold upon a red satin pro gramme. ' Hail to our Master ! — Prince of Earth and Air ! Who walks the clouds and waters — in his hand The sceptre of the elements, which tear Themselves to chaos at his high command ! He breatheth — and a tempest shakes the sea ; He epeakoth — and the cioude reply in their thunder ; He guzeth — from bis glance the Bnnbeams flee ; He m'oreth — earthquakes rend the earth asunder. Beneath his footsteps the volcanoes rise ; Hie shadow ie the peetitenoe : his path The cometi herald through the crackling skies ; And planets torn to asheB at Mb -wrath. To him War offers daily sacrifice ; To him death pays bis trite* ; Life is his With all its infinite of agonies— And his the spirit of whatever is 1 ' The.last words of the hymn died away in musical echoes which gradually changed to the distant roll of thunder, that swelled higher and higher in accompaniment with orchestral effects of drums and trumpets until the moving gauzes displayed the scenic denouement, which disclosed Arimanes on his throne, a globe of fire, surrounded by spirits of Earth and Air and Fire ? and Water. The throne was a masterpiece of theat rical invention and design. It gave forth flashes of name, which, in their turn, illu minated an enormous spherical transparency, which seemed to suggest a very burning and heaving volcano. The architectural effects of the set were singularly real, the barbaric colnmns, pillars, pediments, and entablatures, having the appearance of solid masonry. The vast arches and vestibules stretched far away into the distance, the illusion being perfected by means of cut-out and dupli cated back-cloths, lighted with weird and artistic effects worthy of a Lyceum pro duction. There moved to and fro in strange gyrations multitudes of sprites and spirits to- savage music adapted from Wagner. The scene was received by the privileged audience with a hush of surprise, which speedily became an enthusiastic round of applause. The cheers and bravos reached Henriette in her dressing-room, and made her heart beat wildly and then stand still, for the iirst scene of the ballet had begun, and her cue was at hand. In a rapture of artistic fervor, and with a prayer for success upon her lips, she stretched forth her arms, fluttered her gauzy wings, and, bounding along the passage that led to the stage, made a terrible and appalling entrance with a scream that thrilled the honse and converted all the stage arrangements into a chaos of con fusion. A naked gas batten had ignited her dress as she passed it, and, with the discovery, she bounded upon the stage a ball of living fire. ? The attendant sprites and fairies rushed apart from her aghast. Tbe^audieDce, 'prepared for any strange and startling effect that imagination could conceive or stage management realise, bnrst into thunders of applause. Henriette flung up her arms wildly to save them from the scorching terror -which surrounded her, and rushed madly into the auditorium, where only one man seemed at that moment to realise her dreadful Eituatioa ?' Leaping from the stage-box with overcoat and wraps, O'Ueill seized the wretched girl, and enveloping her in a seal-skin wrapper,, 1 laid her npqn the fiodt and extinguished the flames, not without injury to 'himself . Two medical men who' were in the audience, now pushed their way through the crow^ jaiid, ias^^dpcleruig their catv riaeres, proceeded to assist O'2Jeill to carry .the poor, scorched, and mutilated artiste to the street, where they lifted' her into 'the first brougham that drove upland conveyed her to the hospital. Meanwhile the curtain fell upon the un rehearsed tragedy, and the stage-lights were extinguished. The manager and his assistants were thrown into such agitation that- their fears seenaSLXo point to this firefc^ronflagrafcion as only-jibe beginningof some terrible calamity. Already one -oi the wings had taken fire, bat it had jbeec, tf promptly extinguished. Jfevorthefess, -fear fell upon ibenv and spread to the entire house, as it 4hef lad vb#n partakers in a second feast -rf,Bel- fitaayea*' Vto Which the journals on ifee next daj Jikeaed tiie scene. -* - Jbulso fares the history of tiife Parthenon ^ji^afepJKndiiie cawfer^ff Geoffrey Mansfield Mansfield saw the fatal sign from the stage-box, standing behind Sybil O'Neill. Cool-headed' and. of iron nerve, Mansfield nevertheless stood aghast iu the presence of the awful scene with pale lips parted and with bridled breath, as stood Belshazzar's guests back in the distant centuries who watched the sign and .* dare not turn to eeek Their fear reflected in their fellows' cheek,' Sybil had risen as her father leaped from the box, and clung to the satin curtains with affright anddread until the dying woman was carried away and the theatre began to empty itself of its gorgeous throng into the affrighted street, where cries of Tire/ having been passed from mouth to mouth, hurryingbrigades withflaming engines began to fight their way through the throng of carriages and hastening crowds. No attempt was made by any one in the theatre or in the auditorium to restrain the departure of the gnests. The feast remained untasted. the ball was never opened. Auditors, musicians, carpenters, dressers, dancers, actors, Arimanes, everybody, as if by com mon consent left the theatre, without let or hindrance as. if & curse had fallen upon it. Sybil and Mansfield were the last to leave. After standing 'silently for some time, Mansfield said, 'Come, I will take you home.' He looked around for a cloak or wrap to protect her from the night, but her father had taken everything with him in his leap from the box. She laid her hand in Mansfield's, and he led her from the stage through a private door upon the stage, now dimly lighted with a solitary gas bracket. He drew her arm. within his own and groped his way to his own room. Here he found a heavy Inver ness cape, which Sybil shiveringly drew round her shoulders. Mansfield pulled aside for a moment the blind of the window which looked upon the street, and there saw the fire engines iiepart ting, leaving a couple of firemen at the entrance to the theatre. The last carriages were leaving- the street, and a posse of .policemen jvere -clearing the thoroughfare of the gaping multitude. ' Sit here a moment,' said Mansfield, ring ing his bell, and then leaving the room to see if it was likely to be answered. The stage porter came along the corridor with a lantern. ' Is that you, Peter ?' ' Yes, sir.' . 'Has everybody else gone ?' * I think so, sir.' ' Very strange that they should all scuttle off in this way. ' Tes, sir. I've seen a many panics in a theatre, but never one like this.' * It's a very sad affair,' said Mansfield, ' but I do not see why every man should leave his post/ ' No, sir. That's what I said to a many of 'em as they was agoing out. Some of the ballet, sir, has gone oat in their dresses, and the orchestra never stopped to take its instruments. But I s'pose they'll all come back when they finds as the danger's past. They might have seen that the fire was put out at once, instead ofeding off their heads. They should have stopped, to give confidence to the audience, that's my experience of panics. But, lor' bless you, the stage manager, he was the first to bolt, and them as didn't follow his example instanter was transfixed, for they had seen the writing on the wall, as Mr. Gustavns Jones talks of in his recitation. I'll swear I never see anything so disgraceful in my life. But some of 'em's a-coming back, I hear 'em. What can I do for you, sir?' c Have my carriage brought round to the stagredoor at once. If.it is not in attend ance, call me a four-wheeler.' 'Yes, sir,' 1 .-. Mansfield left Sybil 'at. the door of the hotel, and then drove .to the' hospital. Henriette, they /fold 'him, could 4G6t live through the night. He was not permitted to see her, and was glad of ifc He called a hansom and drove to Fnlham and got from Mrs.' Reynolds the address of the priest whom .fienriette had spoken of. Then he drove to the reverend father, informed him of what had happened, and said it would be a charity if he would go to the hospital and give the sufferer the benefit of bis priestly consolations. * It's a horrible business, 'pon mi soul ! I feet as if I'd' made a visit to the lower regions,' said Mr. O'Neill, who arrived at the hotel soon after Mansfield had left it. * You burnt your hand, they -say 3 Fm very sorry. , '. . ,\ . .*~O, 'twas nothing. They put me some cotton-wool on it at the hospital, and I think Fll just take a nip of whiskey. My head feels like a jack o'knthora.' He rang the bell. 'Yes, sir.'. * Some whiskey, and by the way, bring me a sandwich, or a suack of anything.' 'The kitchen's closed, sir.' , 'jBotlter Off kitchen! Wake up the house-keeper, Or ijtnybody, I'm starving. OhArge it in the &1L AxA Miss O'Neill will take somethings will you Jaot,- my dear?' * No, thank you/ said Sylffl. * 'Well, never mind; -bring -what there is, and be quick.' 'I feel ill,' said Sybil. ''Kb wonder, my dear/ ' lSu *AntT*%oor Godfrey, be' has been so kind/ ' Hafe he now ? Bedad he's to be pitied, though he seems to have enemies.* 1 Yes ? Not to-night, surely ? Everybody must pity him to-night.' ' They do, in a way. Well, it's envy, I suppose-r-envy ; but they shake their heads and say this is the last of it.' 'The last of what?' ' The theatre, I suppose.' ' If it is, then I am very glad of it.' * That poor craythur at the hospital, it was awful to hear her. Why the divle doesn't he bring me the whiskey? Ah, here you are!' The waiter entered with whiskey and biscuits. * Only buscuits ?' ' That's all, sir.' *Very well,' said O'Neill. * Get ont, then, if that's all you can do.' Then turning to Sybil, he said, ' Forgive me, my dear. I was invited out to supper ; I got no supper — not even a drink. I've had my hand burnt and doctored, and my heart, wrung with the screams of the poor creature, and I'm just about equal to faint ing. And if I were a woman I suppose I'd do it ; but, being a man, I'll just take it out in whiskey.' He drank a long, steady draught, and then drew from his waistcoat pocket a cigar, which with a * Saving 'your presence Sybbie,' he lighted. ' Now, my love, Fm ready to impart to you the news, and I begin to wish, we had been content to stay in the Derbyshire Valley.' 'This calamity has upset your nerves,' said Sybil, drawing a chair close to the fire. 'That's sure ; and how you maintain your own is a puzzle to me. Kow did you get home ?' ' Mr. Mansfield brought me.' ' Of course he would. And how does he bear the misfortune?* ' Bravely,' she said. *Tell me about that poor girl !'...... 'There's nothing to tell Sybbie, except that she's scorched to death — poor thing !' ' Is she sensible ?' * Yes ; and as I left there was a priest came, Father Somebody or other she had asked for, and Geoffrey, it seems, had called and sent him to her.' .. ' That was like him,' she said ; * but you said you had heard some remarks made against him ?' - 'Well, not exactly against him, but about the theatre and his extravagance, and that this would end it; for the theatre, they said, 'would be opened no more, there would be no 'Manfred ;*' though one fellow said the affair of to-night would make no difference — accidents happened everywhere — and, after all, this was not so very exceptional ; but another said it was the beginning of the end, and was very mysterious.' ' Indeed ! Well, that is the way of the world, father, is it not ? When trouble comes detraction follows ; am I not right ? ' Yes ; but, somehow, I feel miserable about it all, that's a fact, and the thought of that beautiful, fairy- like young woman dying in the hospital ? ' '?Will she not recover ?' ' There's not a chance of it.' ' Poor thing — poor thing !' said Sybil. ' Do vou think I might go and help to nurse her ?'' 'Why, my darling, you know as much about nursing as I do ; less, perhaps. No ; you must go to bed now. Your eyes have a weary look, and you're just as pale as a ghost.' He rose as he spoke, and took her hand. ' Yes, I think it will be best, perhaps,' she said, in a submissive way, quite unlike her usual self. ' Good night, deaf V ' Good night,' he said, kissing her, and conducting her to the door, and ?watching her along the passage as she went to her own room. 'Pon my soul, I don't , like the look -of things at all !' he said, as he fortified him self with another glass of whiskey. ' I feel as if that croaking villain I heard talk ing at the hospital was right, 'and that we are at the beginning of the end ;. and what sort of end it is to be is what troubles me. Bedad, and I begin to -wish we had never seen this fellow. I don't exactly know why I wish it, but I do/ {TO BE CONTIHtJED.} Effects of Condembkts WithFood.— AFrenoh physician, Dr. Hnsson, who hae been mating experi ments on this important subject, has found that in cooking meat only snonnceof salt shonld be used with from 6 to 121b of meat. II man be employed it will do one of two things— it will modify the atnxo tare of » portion 61 the njnscDaar fibre, so as to render it more resistant to the action of the gastric jmee, ox it will Itself check ssvd retard the peptio iermenta Haon, the very fjronnd work of digestion. It follows that aalted and smoked aeata «re bwm indigestible than fresh. Vinegar, it appears, may be nsed with goodeffeot.pitmdedit be not iaa^Baatity to irritate the stomach, ahdia s pure dilution of aoetic acid, freed from sulphuric or hydrochloric acid, tha latter of whioh, thottgh an active principle of the gastric juice, muBi not be in excess in {he stomach, or it will retard digestion. The hungry man will, therefore, be caref nl bow lie nees salt and vinegar. -What's toots? Cljies&Oa; wtfetrl-^t. Ooleman and Son's pure Tactile Eucalypti OR and Vic tory Oifltnjent. Sotoce.— All tho&esuBenog; from bad eyes, faidinrtaneCBtfre numerous this season, i» the flies are «o ted, will And & speedy and painless core by the use or our Victory Omtmeat, being- a purely vegetable eottrponnd, solely miurufactnrea from the Sqpalypa tat. Sold every. where, sad wholesale by HbfinnxiK «&a; Co., Elliott Bros.. aadAttsbmSanDn^Coinpftny. KriceSstnd&edserpoi;, oSW6dtod286dperl»ttle.-JL»VT. Xba betJ.medioiwlaKiwnisSaiiderwia Sons' 3Ssca\yptt Ertraro. Test its &ioompaXD3-lypo;«er&ileSects; in coughs, colds, Influenza; -fie Relief Is inttasoceoiis. Xn serious «ases!uad (uMjdeatB *t «a?O)ds- 1» 4fcey Wctande, bttma, scaiaings, braises, jspraine, itrv tbe «feft remedy— &- jQuktCTS fL&Q.; 'tiriTwrT CffiBSEOS* ?H JlaVB ftt Hjl P^H^tferff lffpft s4c«tsu»UMM& jwo» U«awas*«i£b«bottth^Aim 