" Making up" for the Stage. " Well, I suppose actresses adopt the same pro- cesses as fashionable women ?" " Not a bit of it. Actresses have to follow simple and quick methods to make up for a stage appear- ance. The actress who wishes to make a good ap- pearance usually washes her face in water and then in bay rum. Oriental cream or a whitish liquid is next applied with a sponge. When the face is dry it is then powdered with the finest chamois skin. Then the background, as it were, is ready, and car- mine is delicately distributed with a fine velvet sponge over the features. The lips next receive at- tention by the homeopathic application of a red liquid. All of this is done with incredible swiftness and without any apparent effort to obtain artistic effect. The particular part of the toilet now be- gins-penciling the eyebrows. A small camel's-hair brush, of the best quality, is moistened with the finest India ink, and work on the eyebrows is fairly inaugurated. A delicate line is also drawn under the lashes on the lower lid. This is the way the actress prepares to make her appearance upon the stage when she is personating a character that does not require her to look older than she íeally is. In that case, of course, she uses cosmetics and paints to produce wrinkles and the necessary aged appearance. Lead-pencils No. 1 are frequently used instead of India ink to pencil the eyebrows. The enameling process, which originated in Prance, is very rarely resorted to on account of its baneful effects. It gives the face a ghost-like, waxy look, and is far from being beautiful. It is a perfect art, though, and frequently very old actresses can huild a new and youthful face for the stage with enamel. Used to a great extent it fills the pores of the skin and poisons the muscular glands, producing disease. Some of the great and successful actresses, however, have outfits that a harem of Oriental women might envy. To enumerate a few of the articles : Glycerine, India ink, powders, carmine, lead-pencil, sponge, powder-puffs, crimps, frizzes, chamois skins, puffs, braids, hairpins, piece of steel for short curls, tooth-paste, bay rum, Florida water, nail- brush, tweezers for pulling out gray hairs, cardamon seed, dyes, aromatic pills for the breath, invigorators, sheet of zinc for curling hair, two hand glasses, besides other articles. The effect of long years of painting a face is quite visible and noticeable by the generally dead appearance of the skin. I would advise every actor and actress to pay a great deal of attention to scrubbing their faceB after the performance. They do wash the paint off, but oftentimes, being in a hurry, they do not wash hard enough. There is an art in ' making up' as well as in acting." 