. BERRIGAN. . FCOK ODB COBRISrONDKHT. 'Low priceW tor' wool and grain; an atmosphere with a smart seasoning of brimstone in it -, and a - goneral dis- triiat nf the nresent svstem of eovern- mjsht, particularly ob regards the Land Law, have scarcely conduced to the cheerfulness of the settlers in this distriot. The festivities of Christmas have" been-, replaced by a monotony that seems doubly tiring bv contrast. i wonder whether, yon in Go.rowa ; are suffering from a similar :reaotion,/ In fact I had almost written the ' words, "I hope; so." There is always a cer tain amount of consolation in reflect, ing that our friends are in the same box with ub. If you are really suffer ing from aii nttaolc of " the dismals," accept the itsBurance of my deepest and most profound sympathy, and as tho inimitable Jaques hath it, " Let us twain sit down and rail at our mis tress the World." . In; the first place, how; long are we to endure the existing confusion in polities ? The Robertson Govornrnent we all look on as doomed. Why, then, should we have to wait while a pack of professional politicians weary the country with protestations of patriotism, and insist on dying in accordance with the parliamentary prescription. Probably when Sir John's Government actually give up the ghost wo Bball have to watch the dying 'moments of a ministry with Sir Henry at the head of affairs. '.The onlv remedy, so it appears to us, is Bpoedy nmputation. Lot Sir John and Sir Henry disappear from politics altogether, and lot ns ltavo n Govern ment of men and not of fossils. A plague on all land-sharks say I. Wo are sick to death of watching tho manner in wtiicli the unwary selector is entrapped -into the meshes of the capitalist. The last two or throe bad seasons have raised a fine crop of .mortgages, and in many cases specu lators are reaping tho benefits of the irnes TMm+Vlllltv fin T fttkOlL lies Iobr in the provisions of the land act itself than in tho mnl-adminiBtra- tion of the measure. The backbone of any Ministry- to suit tho country must bo a gooil Minister of Lands. Tho change of portfolio from Mr, Abbott to Mr. Spring has not been altogether a success, Mr. Abbott managed to do a good donl, and Mr. Spring, like the House of Lords, lias doho— " Nothing in particular, and not done it very well." At the same time the selector is not altogether blaiholosH in the matter. 1 am not so bigoted a partisan as to imagine that tho squatter must nlwayH ho in the wrong. Put the selector tit tho Bquattor's place and he would be jus1- a« eager to take advantage, of each and every opportunity. So long as there are men who aro willing to lend ''money ''on land, so long will there be . men ready to accept their terms. In bucIi a. case " diamond cuts diamond," and the moneyed man usually wins. . Tito door of the Su preme Court must be opened with a golden key, and the man who wants justice has first to liberally fee its flunkey " Law." The district has suffered a great loss by the departure of Mrs. TownB- erid, widow of the late manager of Nanguniu Station. Thore are some women who have the gift of making; thomsolvos popular nt sight, and Mrs. TownBqnd was one of them. If good wishes count for anything Bhe should have a happy and prosperous life in the metropolis.. On Wednesday afternoon we were favoured with showers,' which con tinued at intervals until midnight; On the following day the hot weather again set in, and the temperature rose' to lOOdeg. in tho shade; where it has remained without thuoh variation until, the present, Hopes of' speedy rain jsro entertained; ' ' . 