SPORTING. V.A.T.C. (CAULFIELD) RACES. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, June 26. The June meeting of the V.A.T.C. took place on Saturday at Caulfield. The weather was glorious, and the attendance large. The racing was of a first- class description, large fields contesting almost every event. The proceedings opened with the Hurdle Race, which was won by S. Miller's Koolyte, who defeated Yet Again, Distiller, and a dozen others by about a length. The Victoria Gold Cup only brought four horses to the post. Blackthorn was made a favorite with money on him. He came round the last turn with a long lead, but went on tne wrong course, followed by Roulette, and before the mistake was rectified Fickle was almost home. Blackthorn set off on a forlorn hope, but could not get nearer than Fickle's girths when passing the post. A field of 31 saddled up for the Ladies' Trophy, which was won by Gadfly, half-sister of Malua, being by Lapidist out of Edella. Violet was second, and Duke of Athol third. Irishman won Mr. Miller's jumping double by appro priating the Steeplechase from Terang, Black thorn, and five others. The last event on the card was the Richmond Handicap, which fell to Maroney, Lady Claudia and Quintin Matsep filling places. HDRDLE RACE. Two miles. Koolyte, by Lapidist—Harpy, 9 at. 11 lb. (Watson) 1 Yet Again (late Hippogriff), 10 st. 8 lb. (Fergusson) ... 2 Distiller, 10 st. 4 lb. (Mclvor) 3 Other starters—Mirth, Sinking Fund, Gene ral Jackson, Vanderbilt, Problem, Ditto, Grattan, Arganthone, Oculist, Discount, Pre tender, Articulation. Betting—100 to [30 agst. Grattan, 7 to 1 Kooljte, 8 Yet Again, Sinking Fund, and Vanderbilt, 10 Mirth. Distiller and Koolyte were first away, and beaded the field to the turn, where Vander oilt unshipped his rider and got away. Pro blem was first into the straight, but Yet Again led past the stand, followed by Sinking Fund, Distiller, General Jackson, and Koolyte, with Pretender laBt. At the turn Koolyte went to the front and led round the back, followed by Distiller and Yet Again. Here Problem ran up third, and this was the order into the straight. In the race home Yet Again set out . after Koolyte, but the latter held his own, and comfortably won by a length and a quarter; Yet Again beat Distiller for second honors by two lengths; Arganthone was fourth, then came Problem, Pretender, and General Jack son, the last three horses to come in being Mirth, Sinking Fund, and Articulation. Time, 4 min, 12J sec. "the VICTORIAN GOLD CUP. Two miles. Fickle, by Casfeidh, 12 st, (Mr. C. Glass cock) ••• ««• , 1 Blackthorn, 12 st. 9 lb, Mr. W. Glasscock) 2 Roulette, 11 st. 121b. (Mr. Harbottle) ... 3 Salesman also started. Betting—5 to 4 on Blackthorn, 3 to 1 against Roulette, 4 to 1 Fickle. Blackthorn led from the fall of the flag, the other three horses alternately fielding for places. No accident happened till the last jump, where Salesman fell. Black thorn got over this obstacle with a good lead of Roulette, but the two horses named took the wrong course, and Fickle sailed into the straight with a long lead. Blackthorn, a soon as his rider discovered his error, went after Fickle, who allowed him to come within three quarters of a length of him when the winning post was reached. Ruulette was a bad third, and Salesman, remounted, cantered in. Time, 4 min. 44 sec. ladies' trophy. Six furlongs. Gadfly, by Lapidist—Edella, 6 st. 9 lb. (Gorry) 1 Violet, 6 st. (Blair) 2 Duke of Athol, 7 st. 4 lb. (Brown) 3 Other starters—Boolka, Ghost, Anarchy, Gardenia, Umbra, Sunny Days, Tichborne, Stafford, Fish o' Silver, Ariel, Deer, Lady Bell, Hannibal, Snip, Maroney, The King's Son, Essie, Edith, Stonebroke, Leporello, Pocahontas, Paul, Midstream, Comus, Es mond, Seaweed, Master John, Lord Sutton. Betting—4 to 1 against Stafford, 8 Edith and Master John, 10 Gadfly and Violet, 12 Essie, 14 Stafford. The flag fed to a straggling start, Maroney being quickest away, but Umbra soon showed m the front, followed by Maroney, Boolka, and Gadfly. Violet was first into the straight, with Edith close to her. Near home Boolka was very prominent, Duke of Athol being close up. At the distance Gadfly came up on the outside and won a fine race from Violet by three-quarters of a length. Duke of Athol was third, only a short neck behind, Boolka fourth, Maroney fifth, Edith sixth, with Esmond last, Time, 1 min. 18J sec. "steeplechase. Two miles and a balf. Irishman, by Infidel, 10 st, 12 lb. (Watson) 1 Terang, 10 st. (Corrigan) 2 Blackthorn, 11 st. 7 lb. (W. Glasscock) ... 3 Other starters—Kanaka, Roulette, Nuisance, Consternation, Our Boy. Betting—5 to 2 against Terang, 3 to 1 Irish man, 8 to 1 Roulette. Irishman was first away and led past the stand, fodowed by Kanaka, Terang, and Blackthorn. Consternation stumbled at the second jump in the straight and unshipped his rider. At the fence on the hill Our Boy fell, but was soon remounted. At the back Terang ran up second, but was displaced at the sod wad by Blackthorn, six lengths behind the Irishman, The order was the same into the straight, Kanaka being third. Past the stand and round the turn Irishman led the field at a good pace. Terang improved his position round the back, and at the sod wall overhauled Irishman, who had Blackthorn not far from him, with Kanaka and Roulette next. Terang led into the straight, followed by Irishman, Blackthorn, Kanaka, and Roulette. The first two named raced away from the field, and a fine race ended in Irishman winning by two and a half lengths from Terang, who was a dozen in front of Blackthorn. Kanaka was fourth, and Roulette fifth. None of the others finished. Time, 5 min. 42 sec, RICHMOND HANDICAP, One mile f Maroney, by Captivator—Neta, 7 st.jjf J (Johnson) 1 Lady Claudia, 7 st. 8 lb. (Redfearn) 2 Quintin Matsep, 7 st. 12 lb. (Power) ... 3 Other starters—AUander, Meteor, Camerine, Bohemian, Ben Bolt, Straight Shot, Preston, Duke of Athol, Tabby, Dougalston, Hotiron, Kitty* Fisher, Cassy, and Black Snake. Betting—3 to 1 against Quintin Matsep, 5 Allander, 6 Ben Bolt, 10 Meteor, 15 Lady Claudia, 16 Maroney, 20 Cassy. Preston went to the front at the fall of the flag, followed by Quintin Matsep, Maroney, and Bohemian. At the back Straight Shot took the lead in front of Preston, and at the sod wall had a nice advantage. Bohemian was second, followed by Quintin Matsep, Maroney, and Lady Claudia, Quintin Matsep and Duke Athol coming very fast At the distance Maroney came up and won a nice race by two lengths from Lady Claudia, who was a length in front of Quintin Matsep. Straight Shot was fourth, and then came Bohemian, Meteor, Preston, and Ben Bolt, with Beckwith last. Time, 1 min. 45 sec, 