SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -A AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB SPRING MEETING. Patron: His Excellency the Right Honorable Baron Carrington, G.C.M.G'. ; judge, Mr. A. Town; starter, Mr. A. A. Devlin ; handicapper, Mr. J. A. Scarr ; timekeeper, Mr. T. M. Alcock; clerk of the course, Mr. James Ashworth. Mr. T. S. Cub bora, Secretary. METROPOLITAN DAY. TUESDAY. The Spring meeting of the Australian Jockey club was continued at Randwick yesterday, but, considering the attractive programme which was offered to the public, comprising, as it did some five events, exclusive of the Metropolitan Stakes-on event which in itself should have been sufficient to ensure the success of the day the attendance was not nearly as large as it should have been. It can scarcely be asserted that the author was altogether. the cause of a falling-off in the numbers, inasmuch as up to the time of starting for the course, and in fact until about an hour later, the weather was rather favourable than otherwise for the day's outing. From noon the Randwick road, as is usually the case on race days, bore an exceedingly animated appearance, and up to 1 o'clock was completely taken charge of by the numerous vehicles which were being driven out to the racecourse. The larger proportion of the vehicles were of course hansom cabs. There was also a large number of furniture vans. The buggies, drags, and private carriages were not so numerous as on some former occasions. The road was not heavy, and occasionally the dust, which was caused by the heavy traffic, made things rather disagreeable. His Excellency the Governor, who drove his own four-in- hand, arrived on the ground at about a quarter past 1 o'clock. The first race started at 1 o'clock, up to which time the attendance did not exceed 8000 persons. At no time during the afternoon could the spectators have been estimated at more than 10,000 persons. Shortly after 1 o'clock a slight shower of rain fell, settling the dust, and doing good in the way of clearing the close atmosphere, which was at times sufficiently sultry to make things rather unpleasant amongst the large crowd of betting men and others who plied their calling with much vigour within the enclosure surrounding the official and grand stands, the slight fall of rain, however, and the dark clouds which were speedily gathering overhead were quite sufficient to warn the ladies many of whom had already commenced walking to and fro on the lawn in front of the grand stand that it was only an instalment of what was to come. The consequence was that for some considerable time the lawn was almost completely deserted by the fair sex and the grand stand, which was fairly filled, presented an animated and attractive appearance. Soon after the second race, and during the luncheon hour, the rain fell in torrents, and those who had taken to the open, with no more shelter than that which an umbrella could afford must have felt rather uncomfortable for the remainder of the day. The stands and various bars were, of course, rushed during the rain, and for some time it was feared that the afternoon's sport would be effectually spoiled. Fortunately, however, the down- fall was too severe to last long and although the sky continued to wear a very threatening aspect, the rain stepped almost as abruptly as it had commenced, and presently the sun shone again in all his glory, gladdening the hearts of all who took an interest in the meeting, and who were looking forward with a considerable amount of expectation to the race of the day-the Metropolitan Stakes- which was to start shortly before 4 o'clock. The lawn speedily commenced to wear a more attractive appearance, and during the intervals between the remaining events was fairly patronised by, the fair sex, the majority of wheat were, however, careful not to remove their cloaks and whilst here and there a glimpse was caught of a pretty dress, the display of fancy costumes was not great. Much of the stands were well patronised. The usual turbulent and noisy crowd of persons, found their way to the St. Leger, and did not fail to keep up the race-day reputation of that portion of the enclosure. As far as could be ascertained no serious disturbances took place during the afternoon, but occasionally a rough-looking individual might be observed on a compulsory march towards the gates with one or two constables. During the early portion of the afternoon the police succeeded in ridding the place of some of the professional thieves who are always to be found at such resorts. As the time for deciding the contest in the Metropolitan Stakes approached the excitement in the paddocks increased and continued to increase until it must have fairly worked upon the feelings of the most disinterested person present. When the bell for calling out the field had rung, the stands and the fences were rushed by eager spectators, and the greatest excitement prevailed from the start to the finish of the race. The Permanent Artillery band was in attendance on the lawn, and during the afternoon contributed the following programme of. music: Quadrille, "Forty Thieves'' Lutz; valso, " Journulistan," Strauss; overture, " Des Trois Mousquetaire," Anon; selection, op. "Iolanthe," Sullivan; polka, ''Kutscha," Stasney ; fantasie valse, " Son of the Regiment," Wilson ; march, "Preciosa," Devery; Selection, on, "La Dame Blanche." Bouldieu; valso, "Pierrot," Meissner: polka, "Amourette," Lo There; galop, "Cupid's Arrows' Barthmunu ; anthem. National, Dr. Bull. A very good field was saddled for the Shorts Handicap, and the public followed up the good fortune that fell to its share on the opening day, by selecting My Lord and Hogmanay The start was a very bad one, and after some of the light weights had had a bit of a battle, Colley brought -My Lord, who was a red hot favourite, and soon settling the pretentions of the others won easily. In the face of the fact that Matador had a 7lb. penalty, Sumatra was entrusted with the most money for the Richmond Stakes, but she could only get home a good third, and the weight telling upon Matador, the gallant little Yetman beat him home. The pick of the basket was undoubtedly Miranda, but she was a deal on the stout side, and we shall not she the best of her until she strips for the Maribyrnong Plate. In the absence of Kingfish the friends of Industry supported her with such spirit for the Maiden Plate that she left the paddock first favourite at 7 to 4, and very patiently ridden she came at the end and won easily. Neophyte ran very unkindly, and finished last. Nineteen were saddled for the Great Metropolitan Stakes, and on the strength of the easy way in which he settled the pretensions of those opposed to him in the Epsom Handicap, Zeno was appointed favourite, but the last half-mile found his weak spot, and he finished in the ruck. The Jewel, who looked a lot better thansvhunat the Hawkesbury, bad an army of supporters, and when it became known that Hales was to be in the saddle he hardened down to 4 to 1. Bohemian had all the Victorian contingent in his wake, and Robertson, handling like on artist, just succeeded in pulling them through. BY. looked the picture of health, and was running well in a good position when he fell, just after entering the straight. Duggan had Lord William in the best possible condition, and he ran a wonderful colt, and is the makings of a great horse. Sorolla and Bravo also showed prominently for the greater part of the journey, but melted right out of it at the end. In fact, from the distance home there was nothing in it but The Jewel and Bohemian, and the pair singling away, fought out it temble race to the end. The Jewel changed his legs at the critical moment, and shaving in his stride for the shade of a moment Bohemian beat him on the post by a head. The winner was at one time the property of Mr. A. F. Smart, and is by Maribyrnong from Nina, by Kingston from China (the sum of Wanderer, " Collins, c), by Velocity from Atalanta, by Reprieve (imp.) from Langar Queen by Langer, from Queen Victoria by Gratis, from Lady Emily (imp.), and so is full brother to Too Too, and half brother to Lord William, who was third. He was bred by Mr. Andrew Town, of Hobartville, Richmond, but now runs in the interest of Victoria. He was very favourably written of in these columns for the Maribyrnong Plate of his year, and finished fourth, and after that the following were his principal performances : 2 years : Murrumbidgee T. C, November 21, dead heat between Hawkesbury, 7st. 7lb., and Bohemian, 5st. 1246.', for Maiden Plate, is mile Cygnet third, 7st. 7lb. ; time, 2 minutes 14 seconds. Same meeting, were Two-year-old Handicap, J mile, 8st 4lb. ; Liberty second, 8st. 5lb. ; Invictus mild, 8st. ; time, 1 minute 15 seconds. V. R. C, January 1, second in Normanby Stakes, 6 furlongs. 8st. 10lb. ; won by Broker, 9st. ; King of Gipsies, 8st. 10lb., third ; time, I minute 5 seconds. V. A. T. C March 16, won Criterion Stakes, 6 furlongs, 8st. ; Percival second, 7st. 7lb. ; Sheila third, 6st. 12 lb. ; time, 1 minute 6 seconds. 3 years : Elsternwick, March 17, third in Elsternwick Park Cup, I mile 5 furlongs, 7st ; won by Alphabet, 7st. 7lb. ; Marie Louise second, (9st. 8lb. ; time. 2 minutes 6 seconds. Elsternwick Park, July 4, third in July Handicap, 6 furlongs, 7st. 7lb. ; won by Land, 7st. ; Chandos second, 6st. 2lb. time, 1 minute 7 seconds. V. R. C. Winter, July 18, third in Flat Race, 1 mile, 7st. 3lb. ; won by The Ghost, 8st. 5lb. ; Plausible second. 8st. 10lb. ; time, 1 minute 48 seconds. 4 years : V.A.T.C. Meeting", August 15, won Balaclava Stakes, 7 furlongs, 6st. 11lb.; Too Too second, 7st. ; Claptrap third, 8st. time, 1 minute 38 seconds. Melbourne Hunt Club, October 3, ran dead heat (7st 7lb.) with Chuckster, 8st. 12 lb., for second place in Handicap Flat Race, mile ; won by Ring- master, 7st. 7lb. time, 1 minute 45 seconds. V. R. 5 Spring, October 31, son Coburg Stakes, 1 mile 3 furlong, 7st. 5lb. ; Lantern second, 8st. 10lb.; Parody third, (best.; time, 1 minute by seconds. V. R. C. Summer, January 1, second in Standish Plate, 1 mile, 7st. 13lb.; won by Duration, 7st. 5lb.; Chuckster third, 8st 8lb.; timo, 1 minute 42 seconds. Won A. J. C. Great Metropolitan Stakes, 2 miles, with 7st. 4lb., in 3 minutes 35 seconds, beating the Jewel (7st. 5lb.), Lord William (6st. 2lb. ), and 16 others. He is engaged in the Caul- field Cup with 7st. 7lb., and the Melbourne Cup with 7st. 411); but his Metropolitan Stakes' victory will bring his Caulfield Cup weight up to 8st. 7lb., and his Melbourne Cup impost up to 8st. The Jewel, who is the property of Mr. John Mayo, was bred by Mr. F. S. Reynolds, of Tocal, Paterson, and is by Goldsbrough from Ida (the dam of The Spy, The Pearl, The Arrow, The Gem, &c.; ), by Vanguard from O.R, by Sir Hercules from Flora M'Is'or, by Rous's Emigrant from Cornelia (imp.) ; so it will be seen that no comes from a great racing family. Lord William, who made such a lot of running and finished up third, is by Grand Flaneur, from Nina, and is consequently half-brother to the winner. The 'Oaks produced a great race between Crossfire and Tamarisk, resulting in a dead heat, and the owners agreed to divide. Crossfire ran in plates, otherwise she could not have lost. The long-expected Corday came at last when the public had pretty well forgotten her, and close whare inÄd faithfulness afairstaka. Taken limit S through, the ring had the worst of the day, and most of the money went to Victoria. The following is an account of the raping : THE SHORTS, a handicap of 150 sovs., for three-year-olds and upwards. Second horse 25 SOVS. from the prize. Weights to be declared on the day preceding the race. Three-quarters of a mile. Tion. W. A. Loder's ch c My Lord, by Epigram Clive, 3 years, 8st. 4lb. (Colley) and Mr. S. Martin's b g Hogmanay, by Bonilla Carlisle Hesper, 6 years, 7st. 3lb. (Robertson) 2 Mr. W. Kelso's ch g Hocrult, by Warlike Modesty, aged, 7st. (Campbell's Mr. W. Kelso's ch m Wanda, 6 years, 8st. Gib. (Williams) ... 0 Mr. W. J. Forrester's b g Here's Luck, 3 years, 8st. 2lb. (Steeper) . 0 Mr. John Cannon's ch g Speculation, 6 years, 8st. 2lb. Gallagher . 0 Mr. J. It, Kennedy's br g Paladin, 5 years, 8st. (Kelso) ... 0 Mr. John Kerr's ch g Victory, 4 years. 7st. 111. (Nenickcr).., 0 Mr. J. Monos/han lis b m Astroa, 4 years, 7st. 8lb. (F. Smith 0 Mr. S. Nathan's ch m Straight Shot, 6 years, 7st. 7lb. (Wil- liamson) 0 Mr. It. Gleeson's b h M'ollar, 4 years, 7st. 4lb. (A. Davis) ... 0 Mr. G. H. Rowley's ch g Sir Garnet, aged, 7st. (W. Boyle) .... 0 Messrs. W. and J. Lee's ch m Merry Duchess, 4 years, 6st. 12 lb. (Flannagan) 0 Mr. M. Robinson ns b f Cerise and Gold, 3 years, 6st. 8lb. (M'Auliffe). '..'.. '20 Mr G. Cox's ch g Gefahr, 4 years, 6st. 8lb (Shehan). 0 Mr. D. Lawson's g g Sir James, 4 years, 6st. 8lb. (Dalton) .. 0 Mr. W. Gosper, jun's, b of Alma, 3" years, 6st. lib. (J. Gough) 0 Mr. D Boufflers h p Falcon, aged, 9st. 4lb. (M'Cahon) . ... 0 Mr. A. Loder's b t Bclvoiilna, years, Gst. (O'Keefe). 0 Mr. E. M'Ciirthy's b m Fairy, aged; Gat. (Skelton) 0 Mr. E. Terry's b g Drummer Boy, aged, 9st. (E. Gough) 0 Betting : 2 to 4 v. My Lord, 4 to 1 v. Hogmanay, is to 1 v. Merry Duchess, 10 to 1 each v. Paladin and Straight Shot, 12' to 20 to 1 v. any other. The horses were hardly at the post when the flag went down to a very bad start, Paladin and Falcon jumping away clear, followed by a straggling line, the last of which was Sir James. The two Tenders led up the hill by three I lengths, followed by Recruit, who was a couple of lengths in front of the others. Rocrtiit showed in front at the half-mile post, where Hogmanay, Speculation, and My Lord got considerably closer. Paladin led into the straight, and then gave place to Recruit', but the little chestnut had hardly got his head in front when Colley brought My Lord with a nicely timed rush, and landed him a clever winner by a length and a quarter from Hogmanay, who, finishing very brilliantly, beat Recruit by a short neck for second place, then Pama Paladin, Many Duchess, Straight Shot, and Falcon, with the others spreadeagled, and the last two were Sir James and Gefahr, Time, 1 minute 17 seconds. THE RICHMOND STAKES of 500 sovs. with 20 sovs. each added, for 2-year olds ; second, 100 SOVS. ; third, 50 sovs. Half a mile. Mr. J. It. Smith's ch c Yetman, by'Julian Avenal-Vanity (imp.), 3lb. penalty, Set. MR (Simmons) 1 Mr. T. Sampson's ch o Matador 7lb. penalty), by Newminster Constellation, 8st. 12 lb. (F. Smith) 2 Hon. James White's br f Sumatra, by The Pontiff Malacca, 8st. (Hales Mr. W. A. l.ong'6br Eckersley, byMaribyrnong-Jessamine, 8st. (Williamson's Hon. James White's b c Pontifex, by The Pontiff Kathleen, , Sisters. (Ellison I Mr, W. Cooper's b f Miranda, by Maribyrnong The Fawn, 8st. (Robertson) . '20 "Dr. H. E. Lord's of Stnrll, by Maribyrnong Stella, 8st. (R. Davis). to Mr. T. Sampson's of The Wave, by Maribyrnong-Surf (Imp.), Bst(W. Kelso) 0 Mr. W. Dargin's b of Orange Blossom, by Julian Avenal Bridesmaid, 8st. (M'Auliffe) a 0 Betting : 2 to 1 v. Sumatra, 4 to 1 each v. Matador and Eckersley, 10 to 1 v. Yetman, 12 to 1 v. any other. After a most tiresome delay the signal was given to a flying start. Theyoungsteiswore not on the most even terms. Matador and Yetman were the first to show white Pontifex and Miranda got badly away. Orange Blossom soon ran into second place, and Matador led her half a length round the, bend, where they were a length clear of Yetman, who was closely attended by the Hon. James White's pair. Yetman came out at the distance, and joining Matador, a great race ensued. They rolled against each other when less than 100 yards from home, and Sumatra, on whom Hales was vigorously at work, began to overhaul them. A pretty race took place all the way to the post, and Yetman, finishing very resolutely, and the weight falling upon Matador, the outsider won by a short neck. Sumatra was only beaten, by a neck for second place, and half-a-length from her camp Pontifex. a length in front of Orange Blossom, who was closely succeeded by The Wave, Miranda, Start), and Eckersley. Time, 50 seconds. The following is a list of winners of ? THE RICHMOND STAKES. Tr. Co nor. Pedigree. Wal T. 1895 Hon. J. White . Acme ...Chester-Pr'cess Mnudjs 1838 Mr. J. R. Smith lYotman... Julian Avenal Vanity 8 6 50. THE SPRING MAIDEN STAKES, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 5 ft., with 150 sovs. added. Second horse, 20 sovs. from the prize. One mile and a half. Mr. E. Eagar's br m Industry, by Musket Pearl Ash, 4 years, 8st. 8lb. (KCIBO) a 1 Mr. W. Cooper's br g Fernandez, by Robinson Crusoe Gio- vanni, 3 years 7st. 8lb. (Robertson) 2 Mr. John Stone as bro- Blue Blood, by The Marquis Hauteur, 3 years, 7st. Alb. (Stone) 2 Mr. J. D. Cameron's be of The Wreck, 3 years, 7st. 8lb. (English) I . 0 Hon. James White's br f Neophyte, 3 years, 7st. 111. (Hales) 0 Betting: 2 to 1 v. Industry, 6 to 2 v. Neophyfo. 3 to 1 v. The Wreck, 83 to 1 v. any other. Fernandez led off, but at the distance Blue Blood took up the running, and led Fernandez half a length past the stand, Industry four lengths away, and a couple of lengths in front of The Wreck and Neophyte. Fernando led post Cutta, by a length, and then sailing away showed the way along the back of the course by three lengths, followed by Blue Blood, Industry The Wreck, and Neophyte, in Indian file They closed on Fernandez at the home turn, but he drew away again and held command until Industry split in her claim when 100 yards from home, and fairly romping over everything won cleverly by nearly a length. Blue Blood was only beaten by half a length for second place, and a length from him care The Wreck half a length in front of Neophyte. Time, 2 minutes 48. seconds. THE GREAT METROPOLITAN STAKE, . handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, h. ft., or 5 sovs. if declared on Monday, August 23, with 500 sovs. added. Second horse 100, and third horse 50 sovs. from the prize. A winner of any handicap race after the declaration of the weights (A. J C. Epsom and Shorts Handicaps excepted) of the value of 100 says., to carry 3lb. extra ; of any such race of the value of 200 sovs., 5lb. extra ; of any such race of the value of 500 sovs., 7lb. extra. Two miles. Mr. T. Jones' b h Bohemian, by Maribyrnong-Nina, 3 years, 7st. lib. (A. Robertson) ... .'.. ... 1 Mr. John Mayo's b o The Jewel, by Goldsbrough-Ida, 3 years. 7st. 8lb. (T. Hales) 2 Mr. W, Duggan as of ch Lord William, by Grand Honour Nine, 8 years, 6st. 2lb (J. Gough S Mr. H. Oxenham's b m Cerise and Blue, by Wilberforce Myrtle, 5 years, 8st. 10lb. (Colley) 0 Hon. J. White's g h Monto Christo, by Chester Kathleen, 4 years, 7st. 10lb. (Ellis). Mr. J. K. Smith's b g Lancer, by Westminster- Linnet, 6 years, 7st. 8lb. (F, Smith) ... >..0 Mr. D. Cooper's b h Peter, by Piscator Phoebe, 6 years, 7st. 3lb. (Xerrlkcr) . of Mr. W. Of. Forrester's ch m Folly, by Grandmaster- Svveetlips, 5 years, 7st. 3lb. (Steeper) 0 Mr. A. Hallzard ns bk or br h Zeno, by Goldsbrough-Ava- lanche, 5 years, 7st, (M'Grath).. 0 Mr. A. Aarons's b h Mylos-no-Coppaloen, by Grandmaster Colleen Bown, aged, 7st. 4lb. (Williams) 0 Mr. A. Fraser's ch m Highland Mary, by Grand Master Tho Novice, 5 years, 6st. 10lb. (Curran) 0 Mr. J. Cornwell's b g B. Y., by Old England Flying Don, aged, 9st. 8lb. (Gough's Mr. A. Loder's b in The Orphan, by Goldsbrough-Bolla donna, 5 years, 6st. 8lb. (O'Keeffe) 0 Mr, J. Monaghan ns b g Gontiltty, by Grand Flaneur Belle of Cobham, 3 years, 6st. 4lb. (C. Gough) 0 Mr. W. E. Royd's b o Bravo, by Grand Flaneur -The Orphan, 3 years, 6st. lib. (Argall).. of Mr. C. T. Robarts ns b g Rifleman, by Young Sir Hercules aged. 6st. 12 lb. (M'AullfTo). 0 Mr. E. Keys's b h Lord of the Lake, by Goldsbrough-Maid of the Lake, aged, 6st. 5lb. (livans) 0 Mr. G. B. llowloy's b h IUileshot, by Musket Realisation, 4 years, 6st. (Boyley Mr. G. Fagan's" br m Sorella, by Goldsbrough Happy Thought. 4 years, 6st. (Fielder) of Betting : 7 to 2 v. Zeno to live. The JPWPI, 6 to 1 v. Rohemjan,,7 to 1 v. B. Y., 10 to 1 Sorolla, 12 to l v. Lord William, 14 to 1 v. Lanoor, 15 to 1 v. Cerise and' Blue, 20 to 1 each v. Monte Christo, Lord of the Loka, and Bravo, 25 to 1 v. Folly and Myles-na-Cpppaleen, 60 to 1 y. any other. A pretty even start commenced the all-important battle, Lord William and Gontihty jumping off in front, with Monto Christo, Sorella, and Folly almost on terms, and succeeded by Mylos-na-Coppaleen and Peter. The pace was strong from the fall of the flag, and Lord William showed the way up the hill and past the Trainers' Stand, with Sorolla at his girths, and Mylea-na-Coppaleon almost and Rifleman last, and being bidden to keep with his horses. Lord William led round the turn, with Myles's Coppaleen, Sorolla, and Bravo as his immediate followers. As soon as they entered the straight Bravo moved forward, and was level with Lord William at the distance. The Fair flashed past the stand with scarcely a head between them, Bravo on the outside and Lord William against the rails, Sorolla third, three-quarters of a length away, with Myles-na-Coppuloen, Sorolla, and Folly next, put in advance of Highland Mary, B. Y., and Zeno; a length from them could be seen The Jewel, Gpntihty, and Bohemians, the others on very good terms, and Peter last. Sorella moved forward at the tan crossing, and Lord William only led home nock past Cutts's, Bravo a length off, with Lord of the Lake, and then after a slight gap carne Folly, Myles no-Coppolcou, B. Y., and The Jewel, with Gentility at the head of the others, who were packed. Still carrying on the running like a racehorse, Lord William led Bravo three-quarters of a length along the beginning of the far side of the course, but when fairly at the back Sorella raced up to Bravo, and the pair joining Lord William the trio faced the hill in terms, two lengths clear from B. Y., who was attended by Folly, The Jewel Zeno, and Bohemian. very little change took place during the short, but as they neared the Trainers' Stand Sorella suddenly collapsed, and rot ii ed amongst, the last lot, while Lord William'just led Bravo round the bend. As they raced past the three-furlong post a great roar from the stand proclaimed the fact that The Jewel Zone, Bohemian, and B. Y. were moving towards the front. The great pace now told upon Bravo, who fell back beaten, but Lord William, still seen testing every inch of valuable ground, turned into the straight with the load, but when twenty yards within the rails Zeno cried enough, and BY. fell, and Hales, sitting down on The Josvol, the son of Ida appeared at the front, and his victory was proclaimed by thousands of throats; but just after passing the distance Robertson called upon Bohemian, and the Warwick Farm cast-off responding most gallantly, Hales was compelled to sit down on The Josvol. The pair then raced away from their horses, and, leaving them at every stride, fought out ft bitter battle until within six lengths from the post, when The Jewel appeared to falter, and, changing his legs, Bohemian defeated him on the post by a head. Lord William was third, six lengths away, and was attended by Folly, Highland Mary, Gentility, Bravo, Cerise and Blue, The Orphan, Sorella, Rifleman. Zouo, Monto Christo, Lord of the Lake, Lancer, Myles's Coppnleen, Peter, and Rifle shot Time, 3 minutes 34 seconds. The following is a list of winners of the Great Metropolitan Stakes, 2 miles : Horse. Pedigree. te, Vit. I Time. Be long iT. Whiffler The Barb .. Circassian.. 1866; 1867 1868; 1869 1870 Croydon ... 1871 ItObcbud ... 1872 Dagworth.., 1878 Horatio ... 1874 Star line; ... 1875,Goldsbro' 1870 Nemesis ... 1877rAnicndment 1878 Democrat... 1870ISecundus ... 1880, The Pontiff 1881 Hesperian... 1882 Masquerade 1883 The Gem 2.. 1884 Sir Modred 1885 Acolyte Hercules-Marchioness New Wariior-Cinderella .. Sir Hercules's;. Gulnare. Chevalier-Chalice . Lord of' the Hills Requiem S. Hoiculos-d. by Marquis Yattendon-Nntcut. Maribyrnong-It. of Denmark Yattendon Sultana Fireworks Sylvia Knt. of the Garter-Nuncla... Angler Proposition... Gemma di Vergy- Sllvorhair Kelpie Hebe. The Drummer The Nun Yattendon Jesse Ball Drummer Romping Girl ... Kelpie-Ida . Traducer-Idalia . Newminster- Nightingale s 42s S 38 8-10 3 87 8-10 3 14s 3 43 3 40 3 35 8-10 3 426. 3 30 8 32 1-5 3-33 8-10 3 35 3-10 3 38 3 30 8-10 3-31 0-10 3 32 4-10 33 1380 Bohemian... Maribyrnong-Nina , . Including 7lb. penalty. A. J. C. OAKS, of 800 SOVS., with 20 sovs. each added, second 00 sovs., third 20 sovs. 12 miles. Hon. W. Long's h or br f Crossfire, by Goldsbrough-rowdor (Imp.) (Colley) Rt Hon. J. White's b f Tamarisk, by Chaster-Queldor Rose (T. Wales). Hon. J. White's br 1 Acme, by Chesser Princess Maud (imp.) (Ellis). 8 \+ Dead heat. Betting : Even each Tamarisk and Crossfire, 10 to 1 v. Acme. Acme led past the stand by a length, Crossfire next, half a length in front of Tamarisk. After crossing the tan turn Colley shook his whip at Crossfire, and he made a bit of a ran, but Huges kept Tamarisk going, not to be deprived of the inside running. The lot closed up at the three furlongs post, where Acmo pulled up and allowed Tamarisk upon the inside, and she led Crossfire into the straight. Colley then sat down on Cross- fire, and gaining a train at every stride, a brilliant race took place to the post, and Mr. Long's filly getting up in the last stride, made a dead heat on the post, while Acme finished half or a dozen lengths away. Time, 2 minutes 40 seconds. The following is a list of the winners of the A. J. C. Oaks: Owner. Mr. 1883, Hon. J. White... 1886 Hon. J. White. Hon. W.As Long Hone, Uralla .. Tamarisk Crossnro I Pedigree. k Dead Uent. Chester Moonstone Chester Guilder Rose Goldsbrough Powder Rider. Bales Bales Colley... Time. 2.59 9.40 THE SQUATTERS' HANDICAP, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 Sovs. each, 5 forfeit, with 160 sovs added. For three year-olds and upwards. Second horse 25 sovs. from the prize. One mile and a quarter. Mr. T. Daly's b m Corday, by Grand Flaneur-Egalité", 4 years, 7st. 8lb. (Campbell) 1 Hon. John Eales' br g Myall King, (by King Cole Queen of the Forest, 4 years, 6st. 12lbs. (Jluvloy) 2 Messrs. Matthews and Son's br h Gold lake, by Goldsbrough Miss Phebe, 5 years, 7st. 2lb. (John Gough) 3 Mr. H. Oxenham's b g Ellington, aged, 8st. 4lb. (norris) 0 Mr. W. Forrester's b h Silver King, 5 years, 7st. 12 lb. (J. Gough) 0 Mr. W J. Forrester's b h Dagobert, 6 years, 7st. 10lb. (Steeper) 0 Mr. John Cornwall's br g Bonnie Bee, aged, 7st. 8lb. (Nor river).,. 0 Mr. W. Cannon's b h Desmond, 5 years, 7st. 61. (English) ... 0 Mr. John Dykes eh h Goldfinder, 5 years, 7st. 4lb. (M'Grath).0 Hon. W. A. Long's eli The Agent, aged, 7st. 2lb. (O'Keefe) 5 Mr. E. Eagar's br m Rosebud, 4 years, 7st. (Williams) ... 0 Mr. D. Cameron' ns. ch g Soldier's Wind, aged, 6st. 10lb. (Longford's Mr. G. B Rowley's chg Sir Garnet, aged, 9st. 8lb. (Boyle)... 0 Mr. E. Key's b m Maid of the Lake, aged, 6st. ( Evans) 0 Betting : 3 to 1 v. Soldier's Wind, 4 the 1 v. Goldlako, 6 to 1 v Desmond and Goldfinder; 3 to 1 v. Corday and 10 to 20 to 1 v. any other. Desmond, Sir Garnet, and Soldier's Wind got the best of an indifferent start, and Sir Garnet going to the front at the tan crossing led past Cutts' and along the back of the course by eight or ten lengths, Soldier's Wind following, attended by Gold Lake, Corday, and Myall King. Sir Garnet began totirewheu half and le from home, and Soldier's Wind heading him at the three furlongs post, led into the straight closely followed by Corday, Gold lake and Myall King. Once in the straight Corday drew away, and won easily by three lengths.' Myall King beat Gold lake by ahead for second place, and half a length from the last-named succeeded Soldier's Wind, Desmond, Silver King, The Agent, Ellington, and Rosebud, while Bennie Rep and Goldfinder were the first home. Time, 2 minutes 9 seconds. 