How a Man Who had Cheated Him Came Back After Death to Apologize. ?U/tiontown, Ph., Xcics. ' ' I never go much on ghost stories,' began Contractor Van Dyke at the Clinton House the other oveniug. The old gentleman had been listening with more or less attention to a series of fables boing told by the guests of the hotel. ' Well, I don't know,' tho old contractor replied, ' My experience in that direction has been somewhat remarkable. I don't sup pose you will believe me, but the story I will tell you is true. I can nroduce a livintr wit ness to it, and I will at any time make affi davit to its accuracy. Two years ago I was building a piece of railroad down in the east ern part of this State. Among the people who furnished me ties was an old trader in whom I had little or no confidence. As the bills for the tics came in I paid them promptly and toak receipts from ovory man. I knew to the tie the number used. After my contract was completed tho old trader sued mo for tho price of fifty ties. The case was tried, and ' I was compelled to pay the money. The old man bad sworn to bis bill, and little or no defence could be made. When I paid the money I warned the old fel low. I told him he had perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhappy ending. About six months ago I was awakened nt one o'clock in tho morning by this same old trader. It was dark in my room. Just as plainly as I can seo you now he was there m lifo. He wakened me bycallingmyname. My partner was in bed in the same room just a few feet from me. I called liira and told him of the visitor's presence. He said he could not see him and laughed at me. He toid me I was dreaming, and suggested that I go to sleep. While we were talking the old trader called mc by name. .He said he had been mistaken about, the ties, and offered to return mc^the money. The vision then vanished. My partner talked with me of the matter before we went to sleep again. The next morning ho told the story on mo ns a joke, but while we were at breakfast the news reached us of tbe old trader's death. He had died within ten minutes of the time of his visit to mc. I have no idea how many more calls of the same ebaraeter be had to make, but I am satisfied his visit to mo was the last ono. That story is true as holy writ, the old man concluded. A distressing silence followed its telling and tbe party broke up before all recovered. . Father (irascibly) — ' Who's got my boot lack I' Cora '(smiling archly— ' The cat.' — Puck, 