THE STORYTELLER. NEMESIS. ByR. L. Chapter XXIV. " Sad hours seem long."—SnAssrsARE. It was the afternoon of the following day when Frances, jaded and depressed in spirits, reached her journey's end. It was still rain ing. It had rained when she left Melbourne, it had rained all along the road, and now in Sydney it was raining. The dismal weather seemed to accord with her spirits ; but, after going to the hotel to which Mr. Proctor had telegraphed to engage a room for her, and having a bath and a cup of tea, she felt re freshed, and, wrapping herself in a water proof, she went out to the shipping-office to inqnire about her steamer. To her regret, she found that the day of departure had been changed, and that she would, consequently, have to remain two days in Sydney. She booked her passage, and left the office, wondering how she won Id pass the time in this strange city, and full of apprehension lest Leigbton Bhould follow and find her. How unfortunate, how very unfortunate, the delay. However, there was nothing to do but to try and be patient. The rain had ceased by this time; so, although very tired from her journey, as she felt no inclination to return to .her dreary little room at the hotel, after inquiring the way, she walked to the Domain; and when, suddenly, the extra ordinary loveliness of Sydney Harbour burst upon her, she drew a deep breath, and uttered an exclamation of delight. Follow ing the low sea-wall, she walked on until the fading light warned her to return. She stood for a few moments gazing on the scene, still beautiful, although gradually becoming ob scured. " Why, oh why, are men so wicked in this lovely world ? How happy we might be if we would I" Slowly she walked bock through the dar kening streets, feeling very sad and lonely. Poor Hugh I Poor Hugh 1 How would he receive the news of her departure ? Would he think her selfish, narrow-minded, and cruel in thus leaving him? Most likely. But Bke knew Bhe was not, that a strong motive for deliberately turning her back upon her only chance of happiness was the fear of spoiling his life. She felt inclined to repine, and to say her life had been too hard. Left an orphan when little more than an infant, she nad never known a mother's love—a father's care. Denied the gentle home in fluences she felt she would have prized so much, she had been tossed about the world like a shuttlecock, at the whim of her poor foolish aunt; and as her body had been fed with the dainties of foreign table d'Mle quite unfit for her childish digestion, so her mind had been filled with sights, and sounds, and ideas of far too feverish and exciting a nature to admit of its healthy development. And then^when these unwholesome and unnatural conditions had developed her into a highly nervous girl, came that fatal marriage, that had reduced her almost to a state of idiotcy. Of whgt had happened since she could not think with calmness. Of how she had regarded heraeU free, and had, for the . first fim^ experienced the joy of loving end Being loved, when down came the thunderbolt of fate, and shattered her happiness end ther hopes. With tests fast coursiug down her cheeks, she reached the hotel, and made her way np to her dismal little room. She lit her candle, [ and, taking off her bonnet, sat down to read, i to distract her mind from her disturbing thoughts. She read on until aroused by a knock at the door. It was the maid-servant, bringing her some meat, some bread and butter, and some tea on a tray. As she opened the door Bhe heard a woman in the opposite room, talking and laughing in a high-pitched, but musical voice. " I ve brought you something to eat, miss," said tbe maid, a rosy-cheeked, jolly-looking Irish girl, " and if there's anything else you'd like I'll bring it up to you." " Thank you, that will do very nicely. Put it down—on the trnnk will be best, I think." " You'd get a mnch better dinner if you'd go down to the public table, miss," said the girl. " It looks so miserable here, too." "I would rather not go down, as I am alone. I shall only be here for a few days," answered Frances. "Well, you won't be very dull this even ing ; for the lady in number thirteen—tbe room opposite—is a jolly one. She only arrived yesterday, in the American steamer, and she gave a dinner party last night to some of the passengers, and she is going to give another to-night" " Oh, that will be very nice," said Frances, absently. "She's got the most beautiful clothes you ever saw,' Bridget went on, warming to the Bubject "Silk dresses, and satin dresses, and a sealskin mantle that touches the ground all round. And you shonld just see ber_ rings! Diamonds as big as peas; and she's drinking champagne all day long. She's got a maid, too, who wears heels—that high ! She pretends to be French, and she's just as French as I am — a nasty, stnck-np thing !" " Bridget 1" called a waiter, and Bridget (to Frances^ relief) disappeared. All the time that Frances was eating her simple little meal the preparations for the dinner in the room opposite were going on. She could hear a clattering of plates and glasses, and through it all a woman's voice, and one or two mascnline voices as well. She heard as in a dream. It did not interest her in the least, and her thoughts wandered freely back to Melbourne and Hugh. Also, she began to think how she would encounter Leighton shonld he follow her. She would be very calm and decided with him. There should be none of the chidlish tremors of the past; she was a woman now, and'would meet nim unwaveringly. A burst of laughter from the opposite room disturbed the current of her thoughts. What noisy people! Every time the waiter went in and oat she heard the voices, and sometimes even the words. There appeared to be but one lady present and several men, and the conversation to be mainly about the voyage they had just made together. There seemed to be great jokes about the "parson," and "old Mother Baines," or Staines, or some such name; and then the woman's voice would be heard, apparently mimicking somebody, after which there wonld be roars of laughter. The even ing wore slowly away. The maid came for the tray, and remarked that they were "going it" in number thirteen, that tbey had had so many bottles of champagne already, and then went away, leaving Frances to solitude, her thoughts, and her book. At last, wearied by her travelling, she went to bed, and slept nneasily, disturbed by the bursts of hilarity and by feverish dreams. One was that she was at a dinner-party, and that Brathwayte, who was also there, was scowling angrily at Leighton, who sat at the head of the table, next to a magnificently dressed woman, whose face she conld not see. She awoke with a start, to hear the party opposite breaking np. There were " good nights," parting jokes, a rustling of Bilk, a call, for "Marie," and then all was silent, and Frances fell into a deep, refresh ing sleep that lasted until morning. Fortu nately for her the day was fine, so that, after her breakfast, she was able to escape from her little room, that was scarcely bigger than a cabin of a ship, and go for a walk, this time bending her steps to the Picture-gallery, to which the hall-porter of the hotel directed her, but without telling her—stupid man—that it | was not open until the afternoon. Feeling very brave and enterprising, on finding tbe! gallery closed she made her way to tbe wharf, and went on board one of the little steamers plying to and from the Heads. In spite of her loneliness, to which the beauty of the scene seemed to make her even more sensi tive, she could not help rejoicing in the rare loveliness around her, in the fresh breeze and the sunshine. If it had not been for the musicians, Bhe thought Bhe could have for gotten everything for the moment There were two of them—foreigners—one with a harp, the other with a violin, and they began with selections from "La Favorita," an opera she had heard many times in Italy. What a crowd of old recollections it brought back to her. She closed her eyes, and had it not been that the performance was very bad, and that every now and then a wrong note grated on her well-trained ear, she couid almost j have imagined herself a child again, sitting in some foreign theatre with her aunt. The people on board (ordinary, common-place folks) looked at her with some curiosity, for she was young, distinguished-looking, and alone ,* but she was quite unaware of their scrutiny, and, had she not been, it wonld not have disturbed her, having from her youth upwards been accustomed to the presence of strangers. When the steamer reached its destination, where she was told it would remain an hour, she followed the stream of passengers to another part of the beach, on to which great, white-crested waves were rolling. All the others were in twos and threes, and she was alone. " 1 feel like a ghost, who has nothing to do with men and women ; at least, I should if I were not so hungry." And laaghing through her tears, she went into a little shop that stood near and bonght some apples and bis cuits. Then, sitting on a rock, she made her simple lunch and watched the waters. Slowly the hour passed, and she was on the steamer again, returning to the city. The rest of the afternoon Bhe spent in the Picture-gallery, feeling Bad and depressed, but trying hard to interest herself, and so pass the time, and then she returned to her evening meal in her solitary bedroom. The good-natured Bridget, taking pity on her loneliness, told her wonderful stories about the lady in number thirteen—of the quantity of flowers she had bought to decorate her room, how her maid had hinted she was a very great personage indeed, and so on. However, Bridget's nnmerons duties did not allow her to spend much time in gossip, and Frances was Boon left to her hook. Her evening was a very quiet one, for the won derful personage opposite had gone to the theatre. She caught a glimpse of her the next morning—not of her face, for her back was turned, but of her figure, which was tall and stout, and of her nair, which attack Frances as being too golden to be real. 