THE V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. The following details in connection with the V.R.C. Grand National Meeting are from the Age of Monday:—The Maiden Hurdle Race, which opened the programme, resolved itself into an intercolonial contest between the Baliarat favorite, Sir Launcelot, and Mr. Oxenham's speedy gelding Mackay, who was almost as well supported as his rival and conquerer. A number of people seeing Scobie on Arganthone, the favorite* stable com panion, preferred her chance to that of Sir Launcelot, but the circumstance which re sulted so fortunately for Caiey was owing to Scobie's inability to ride the favorite's weight, and not to mislead the public, as many ill informed persons suggested. Sir liaoncelot won from end to end with so much in hand that the stable must have regrettednot sending him for the more important event instead, but Carey took a most foolish liberty in allowing Mackay to ran up to his girths on the post, and had the New South Welshman not been hampered through Btriking the last hurdle, the Ballarat jockey might have paid dearly for his folly. The fortunate start made by backers was followed by the almost equally decisive \ictory of WickliSe in the Maiden Steeple chase, for which he started an even money favorite, and won easily at the finish, from Andy, who had attended him throoghaut the journey. The success of two favorites, and the withdrawal of Huntsman, hardpned Sheet Anchor in the betting for ttie - Grand National Hurale Race, until at last 5 to 4>ras difficult, to obtain, and as the Mel bourne Cup winner was reported to have taken kindly to the hurdles his victory was generally looked upon as little short of a certainty. The race, however, like that of last year, showed clearly that jumping is not the mighty Tasmanian'e forte, as he struck, heavily twice, and the indomitable pluck which alone enabled him to ficish third was clearly shown by the bruued condition of his leg on returning to scale. After his eecond mistake he came again between the abattoirs and the sheds with a brilliant ran, which be was, -however, unable to sustain. The victory of Ocean was the signal for a burst of applause from the ring, who, to a man, won by the unexpected victory of thexank outsider. The winner, who last April ran second in the Hamilton Cap, was bred by the Messrs. Cbirnaide, bat his pedigree is unknown. Ferguson, who steered Ocean, was also the successful pilot of The Agent last year, and, as Corrigau, who on Saturday won the U rand National Steeplechase on Game, rode Wynolet to victory last season, the double has been won in two successive years by the same two jockeys. The South Australian,Uuby,rana great mare, beating everything bat the winner, acd Ditto went well for two miles, bat Dara tiop, who looked wonderfully well, could only carry his heavy burden into fifth place. The Grand National Steeplechase brought ont exactly a dozen competitors, Game, who was in Buperb condition, being a strong fiist favorite. Mr. McCulloch.whocan certainly ride Lady Aahtoa hnttnr *h?? any professional who has ever crossed her, adopted unusual tactics with the erratic Panic mare, keeping her in the rear during part of the firat round, and as usual she ran down her fences badly. The pace was made from the first by Native, who wa? joined by Lady Aahton before the first round was completed, the mare coming right through from absolutely last, and there after occupying a prominent pwitionto the final turn for home, where she was in front of a)L Gave, however, had all through the chase been lying handy, and after entering the straight fairly smothered his field for pace, and won without turning a hair, his condition, like that of Ocean, being superb. Problem upset a gnat pot on Fusilier in the Sailing Hurdle Race, and was sold to Mr. Gordon for £165, all of which goes to the club. The racing tv brought to a conclusion with the Mile Fl*t Race, for wl, .. The Ghost was greatly fancied l?y the Caulr.-ij divUi>n, but getting very badly sway he made such a desperate run for the lead up to the home turn that he died away in tbe straight, being unable to sustain the effort. Duke of Athol, contrary to his utual curtom, got i-tf wiih the lead, and his victory seenitd beyond doubt until M. O'Brien on Gardenia sat down on Wollomai's half aister it-sidf the distance, and discarding H"? whip rode fcer home with hu bands, fairly outriding Brown, and achieving a most undeniable triunpliof j'-ckeytliip. 