SPORTING. Amongst the grey hounds sold by Mr. Parr at Boase's Bazaar on Friday was Rami, which fell to Mr. J. F. Yuille for 15 guineas. A good deal of fast work has been performed at Flemington daring the week (says the Sportsman), the near approach of the Autumn meeting having induced trainers to brush their horEes along. About the best gallops of the week have been those of Phillip Augustus and Trident, wbo yesterday morning spun over five furlongs in 1 mm. ti sec.—a really slashing go. Matchlock is pleasing his admires, and the son of Musket will be hard to beat in any thing hp starts for. Lesbia and Hilltop slipped off for a flutter yesterday morning, the black fellow going very strongly uutil the pace began to pinch him, when he curled up and collapsed like a cur, the mate beating him home badly. Uralla appears to have come back to her old form, and Monte Christo is in great fettle ju?t now. En fact, bar Norden feldt, who hit his leg, and is under a cloud, all Fennelly's horses are very well. Lang has got Napier looking and going remarkably well, and if the son of King Cole does not crack up before the day he should be about at the fiuisli for the Newmarket Handicap. On Tuesday morning Sardius and Affluence were sent in company, the big horse finishing very badly, and altogether disappointing bis friend-!. Duration, who seems to improve daily, got over two miles iucapital time, and, if the e.ttia two furlongs iv the Australian Cup do not trouble him, he should very nearly win that event. Of the others at Flemington, Quintin Matsys, Juanua, Bis Bis, the New Zealanders, Maddelina, Islander, and the Israelite have each been doing well. Much sympathy is felt here (writes the Caul field correspondent) for tho parent oi the un fortunate little Peter McDonald, who ?iied in the hospital on Monday from injuries received while riding Violet on Saturday at Moonee Valley iv the La Rose Handicap. G. Becker, who was injured off Izaney, has left the hos pital, aud iB progressing as well as can be expected. M. O'Brien, lam sorry to say, is suf fering from a severe attack of asthma. Ishuiael, the Newmaiket candidate, broke down very badly in the Maiden Plate on Satur day. Uinberto, wbo wrenched himself a bit by falling one day last week, ha 3 quite re covered, and is in slow woik. The following additions have been made tothe local teams:— Plato into Mr. I*. Leug's; Hopetoun, Htn Bolt, and Soldier Boy, have joined Kelly's team; and Hannibal Bencc's. Cointe and Mermaid have left for Shepparton. The fol lowing have been doing good work:—Grace Darling, Highland Chief, Gipsy's Warning, Hippogriff, and Waverley. The two latter have been jumping the small sticks in good style, and most ot the Caulfield division en gaged on Saturday are in good trim. Writing of the demonstration made against the V.R.C. Derby winner, "Vigilant." in the Mcl bourne SporUi.-ian of February 10, says: —"The explanation of this hostility lies in the fact that Nordenfeldt has been very irregular in his vis;ts to tbe track, and has not been out of a walk of late. It appears that when cantering slowly the other morning in com pany, one of the bandages on his forelegs got unfastened, and a lad who was riding another of Mr. White's horses noticed it trailing on the ground, and at once calling the atten tion of Nordenfeldt's rider to that fact, the horse was pulled np and the bandage ad justed. It is conjectured that Nordenfeldt must have trodden upon the loose bandage, and either struck or wrenched his near foreleg, ?which haa filled ao badly that but very small holies are entertained of his being saddled np for any race at the Autumn meeting. Up to the hour of our going to press Nordenfeldt has not been scratched for any of his engagements, but I look upon the omission of his name from thegeneral entries as an ominous fact intro ductory to his elimination from the more im portant events. Later I have learned that Nordenfeldt has been blistered, and that even now bis being brought to the post is not altogether hopeless." The same paper says:— Xhe sensation of the week in the batting market has been the knock out of Norden feldt, who, from six to four, has receded to hundreds to five, and even hundreds to two, for the Champion. Very little betting has really taken place on the Newmarket Handicap, for which event Xantippe, Quintal Matsys, Uralla, Monte Christi *, Solo, Honeydew, and Joanna have each been backed to win a few thousands. ?Consequently on his easy win at Moonee Valley, Quintin Matsys ia nominally first favorite at thousands to sixty offered, but the slightest stable move in favor of either one of White's, Whittdngham'a, or Robertson's horses would speedily see them at the top of the quo tations. The following are the latest offers:—New market Handicap—looo to 60 Quintin Matsys (off, 10C0 to 60 wtd), 1000 to 40 Honeydew (off), 1000 to 40 Xantippe (off). 1000 to 40 Uralla (off), 1000 to 30 Mozart (off), Silvermine (off), The Ghost (off), The Israelite (tk), Tarpeia (tk), Monte Christo (tk), St. Odille (off), Solo (tk), Malua (off), Memmu (tk), William TeU (off), i Australian Cnp—C to 1 Matchlock (off), S to 1 Duration (off), 10 to 1 bar two. Champion—No betting. Five to 1 would be taken about Sheet Anchor. Tbe forestalling business is cropping up again. | Before Quintin Matsys had weighed in after winning the Maiden Plate at Moonee Valley, he was hacked for the Newmarket Handicap to win a couple of thousand, and later on the same evening about six thousands were taken about him at thousands to forty and fifty. A thousand to sixty is now the best offer, but tbere axe still tons of money available against the big son of Tubal Cain, who could be backed to-morrow to win twenty thousand pounds withoat touching tens to one. The " stable" is naturally annoyed at being fore stalled, but I hope matters may be arranged all right. Xantippe, who has been supported by outsiders to win nearly tea thousand pounds, has not yet been backed by hsr stable, and Honeydew, who has been heavily backed in Sydney, has not been entrusted with a farthing of his owner's money yet. Since the above quotations were printed the Israelite ha 3 been backed to wiu a g??d amount, finishing at thousands to fifty. Tarpeia has had sup porters up to thousands to forty, and Fair EUen has come into the market at a point less. 