A MURDERER'S GHOST. All will remember Captain Richard Hill who stabbed to death young Mountford, the husband of the famous actress Mrs. Brace- girdle, while he was held by Lord Mohuu. Hill afterwards was concerned in two other tragedies and then disappeared. Relics were afterwards found, which pointed to his having suffered a fate like that of the maiden in the song of the "Mistletoe Bough." At the place where the relics were found "appearances' have several timees taken place. The latest is that re- lated by C. L. Langston, in the Argosy :— " Wednesday, March 16th, 1884, a cold dark night was the time chosen ; and I had no difficulty in entering without observation the front room, about 16 feet square which in the good all coaching days was reserved for travellers. I was not quite along ; an old and faithful dog being by my side. As I lay on the rug and air cushion which I had brought, softly and slowly, not to awaken the long sleepers, each under a green coverlet below, the old church clock tolled the hour of midnight. Shortly after one o'clock, when in that passive state be- tween sleeping and waking, I was started by a low, prolonged grown from my dog. Dimly conscious of a faint, luminous centre, reason for a moment associate it with a night- light in my own room ; then came reflection, and remembering where I was, I felt as in a night mare, tongue-tied from fright. Al- most immediately there came a sound which I cannot forget ; beginning like the wintry wind passing through the withered leaves of an oak, it ended in a series of short gut- tural sounds which might be taken for a mocking laugh. It is said that sudden fear paralyzes the senses otherwise how could I gaze without horror at the scene before me ? There with a kind of amber phosphorescence revealing the outline, stood, or rather floated, the image of a man. A long cloak of dark material and rough large boots were all that appeared of the figure ; but the face — ah, the face even now comes back to me with terrible distinctness. The hair had been closely cropped and the face was ghastly pale, but a streak, read as ver- millios, gave a hideous grotesqueness to the left cheek. The eyes, which were large and, luminous, followed me with what seemed beseeching earnestness ; but what was over the mouth ? Had Burke and Hare been anticipated in their fiendish practice ? Had the murderer himself fallen a victim ? I now understand the cause of the peculiar hissing sound I had heard, and I, shuddered Even then I thought my senses were weav- ing strange fancies in the brain ; but one glance at my dog was sufficient. His eyes gleamed with fire, his body quivered with emotion, and with a moan, half a cry, he crouched and pressed against me, fixedly staring as if fascinated by the spectre. No further confirmation was needed. With an impulse that was madness ; with a daring begotten by the continued consciousness that we are not stuff as dreams are made of ; I moved towards the apparation, and actually touched with outspread had the wail im- mediately behind it. But here comes the amazing fact. I was yet conscious of pass- ing through an impalpable presence. The sharp sound and the repulsion three me back, and then I saw the spectre re form ; but now it seemed strangely agitated, pass- hither and thither with restless eager- ness and causing a current of air as it fanned with invisible wings ; and still at intervals the same heavy spasmodic breath- ing, more appalling than aught else. At length I managed articulate : "Are you Captain Richard Hill ?" The breathing ceased and the spectre was stationary. "Art you at rest ; and what do you want ?" The features were strangely contorted, and the eyes shone as balls of fire ; whilst a low hiss, as of a serpent disturbed in its lair, was all the response. "I fear to ask, but can you— will you speak ?" At the entreaty there was plainly a convulsive effort ; the face seemed to expand, a gurgling sound like a stifled cry followed. For the first time I saw a small hand, delicate as that of a woman, raised to the mouth, and then I was alone. This I knew at once by my dog. He rose, shook himself, and caressed me, as much as to say, "Master, the danger is over." I came away as one in Wonderland. The adventure became known. People yearn to hear further particulars, but I can only give with comment this startling narrative of facts. Holloway's Pills. — The chief Wonder of modern times.—This incomparable medicine increases the appetite, strengthens the stomach, cleanses the liver, corrects bilious- ness, prevents flatulency, purifies the system, invigorates the nerves, and re-instates sound health. The enormous demand for these Pills throughout the globe astonishes every- bosy and a single trial convinces the most sceptical that no medicine equals Holloway's Pills in its ability to remove all complaints incidental to the human race. They are a blessing to the afflicted, and a boon to all that labour under internal or external disease. The purification of the blood, re- moval of all restraint from the secretive range of Holloway's Pills. 