Widow Watson. By R. P. WHITWORTH. A wet Christmas. You know what that means on the diggings. It means hot, muggy weather, mud up to your knees; damp, dirt,' and discomfort generally. But it also means a big washing up, and consequent plonty o! gold, with its concomitants, drinking, gam bling, Hot, disorder, and devils' danoa gene rally that oharaaterise the diggings, or rather, did characterise.the diggings of, let us say, twenty years since. What a dark yet lurid shadow the early ?' days on tba gold-fieldu seems to oast over the memories ot those who have lived long enough : to recollect them. The days of easy getting,and reckless spending, of desperate toil and mad revel, of hardships and clangor, and thought less waste, of orime perhaps, and suffer ing. '"?-.' And yet from out of those dark daya, irom amidst those bands of careless and lawless adventurers, ever now and again, shine out vivid gleams of God's own sunlight, that show all the more brightly for the rriurky ? olouds' by which they are environed. Such an one, of many I have known, occurs to mc now. A wet Christmas, or, rather, Christmas Eve, on the Walhalla diggings. There had been a week's rain, and Stringer's Creek and - the Thompson were running bankers to the lakes below. The rounded hump of Mount Baw Baw loomed hazily through the light drizzle, looking all the miles he was distant ~ instead of, ac he was wont in fine weather, appearing almost to overhang the valley on the steep hill sides of which the miners sought their rich treasure. The roads and tracks, such as they were, w?;re covered with a thick layer of yellow mire and slush, and \ all nature seemed as miserable and dejected ; as she usually does under such conditions. In the afternoon, however, the rain partially cleared off, and ithe sun even got a chance now and again to lighten up the, prospect with a tearful smile. But melancholy as everything looked put-: side, within doors there were very high jinks indeed, and the sound of revelry, not to say ? devilry, impregnated with the fumes of to-- : bacco and the odor of rup, and fringed with . a garniture of choice digger blasphemy, is-, sued from every hotel and shanty in the township. In a word, money was plentiful,.! the men were in high spirits, and Bullooky Ben, the burly landlord of the " Piok and Shovel, ,, who was usually of a grumbling , disposition, was heard to declare that there hadn't been such a "roust up," since he'd ? been in the country. ' . ?:' Drinking, swearing, smoking, dancing, singing, quarrelling, and, above all, card playing, were in full blast, and poker, euohre, oribbage, Yankee Grab, and other devices, by ?'.., which the unholy alliance of gamblers and /; shanty-keepers ease the miner o£ his hardly won gold, went merrily on. ' _...-; Why try to describe the scene further? Those of the olden time who have been in it... and of it, will easily realize it, those who have not, never can. \ , That afternoon, or rather, evening, just as ? the sun was giving a farewell glint, prior, to;; going to bed boyond the Western ranges, the slosh, elosh of a heavily shod man, . might have been heard lcieurely tramping through the wet ecrub and deep mud, from, the direction of the Tubal Cain mine, and making for the township. Presently he emerged from the bush into view. He was a: big, stalwart fellow, blaok-bearded, and em browned by exposure to the sun and weather. ? Hard-handed, hard-featured, with that far; off, yet determined, almost defiant look that tells so surely of the stern battle of life foughtyet not always won. He was clad in the inevitable slouched billy-cock hat, a rough' blue jumper, and moleskin trousers stained-- with slush and bedaubed with clay, he looked the very picture of what he was, a hardy, : , fearless, rough and tumble old time digger, equal to either fortune, and ready at any mo ment either for a feast or a fray. Curly, for that was the soubriquet by which he waaX mostly known, was indeed a hard case,, honest indeed, industrious, and true as steel, but somewhat, it is to be feared, of a hard: living, hard swearing, gracelese reprobate,. a type, in short, of a class of which thore were so many in those days. ,< '? , As he came down the hill .and approaohed the fallen tre9 which served as a bridge over the yellow rushing creek, a sudden, heavy downpour of rain caused him to turn aside .' for shelter, in a little shed attached to a small slab hut a little way back from the track; and, without intending to bo an eavesdropper, 1 he could not help overhearing what was being said in the sorry dwelling. By- and-by his attention and his curiosity were aroused, and as by moving a little, and peeping between a slit in the logs, he could ccc without being seen, he looked in. - The , room wae meanly and soantily furnished, and by the empty fire place, seated on a low stool, was a woman of some thirty years of age. She had a grayj faded, sorrowful look, the sad, wan look that patient resignation to evil fortune stamps on the face so certainly, and alas, so indelibly, Leaning on her lap, and gazing intently into her face, was a little boy, barely a baby, hardly two years old,"' and, on a roughly constructed bunk of. sap lings, sat two other cnildren, girls, of about: four and six respectively. They were the widow Mrs. Watson and: family, the widow and fatherless children of Harry Watson, an industrioU? miner who ; had been working at the Long Tunnol, and ; who had been accidentally killed by the fal- ? ling of a tree, eighteen months before. The company had buried him, and had done something for the widow, certainly, but oh t. a<3 little for her needs, and she had eked out a living by washing and doiDg needlework; but she overtaxed her strength, and had long been ailing, and as ehe was very reeerved, and never paraded her poverty, she seemed to have dropped out of mind. , " Iso doin' to hand my 'tokin' up fo' Fanta" Flaiia to put surnfin' in, den we's have a dood dinner, eh, mamma?" the little fellow said, as Curly peered in. Trie widow's eyes filled with tears, but she made no reply. , : "Santa Clave doesn't come so high up in these ranges as wo livo," said the elder girl. " Yes ha does," eaid the younger, "don't; you remember, once, at Chrietmas, ho put something in our stockings. I got a bright new sixpenoo and a.doll. But that was be fore pa died." :" I'se doin , to be a big man soon, 1 is," said the little boy, bravely, " den I'sq doin' to be a didder 'ite pa, and 'den I's det p'enty money an' fings. Isn't I ma ?" ?'. ?;.:? " Oh children, children," said the widow, choking baok n, Bob, and smiling, or trying to smile through her falling tears, "we are: 'poor, very poor, but never mind, we'll be' better oil some day, and then—and then—" But the poor woman fairly broke down, and wept silently: '???:'?'?'. "What mates you always try so, raa'l" asked the little fellow, gently stroking the faded face with hia ohubby hands. ? ?'?:. '? Oh, my darlings, my poor, innocent,holp leee little ones, you'll break my heart with your prattle. I cry because I havo no food to give you, hardly any firing, no money, no anything. A little dry damper, that is all. When that's gone, God help Uβ." J.L".G6d will help us, mamma. You have . often told Uβ bo, and you always speak the truth,", eaid the elder girl, oareseingly, and clasping the widow round tho nook,and softly kissing nor. ?" Besidue I'm not hungry, at least, not very." ' .' Oarly could boar no more. Ho made] once as if he would h*ve knocked at the door, but after a moment's hesitation, he turned Softly away. "?':?". ?*?..'* * * ? ; :'? Tbo " I'iqk and Shovol "—and, for the matter of that, overy other hotol and shanty in the township—was doing a roaring trade that nvoning, and Bullocky Ben, his wifo, Jim tho barman, Moll Dowd, tho big, red haired sorvont girl, and Hoppy Joe, tho odd job man, was as busy os thoy could bo, reap ing in tho golden harvest. The bar was full, tbo parlor wob full, so was tho long dining room, bo wob the kitchen, Tho atmosphere was thick with tobocco smoko, tho noiso was uproarious, as Curly strode in from tho mud puddle that did duty as tho main street. "Hello, Curly!" shouted Long Nod tho pookor, no ho caught sight of Curly'a faoo in the doorway. " Whore you beon ? Darn mo it you don't look as soared na if you'd scon a ghost." Thoro wob o lull in tho hubbub, ns evory ono in the room turnod to look at tha new comer's Bolcmn countenance. Ho did look Beared enough, in sober fact. "Boys," aoid Curly, impressively, "I hare seen a ghost, ond such a ghost as I can't soy I'm sorry for tseoing. And it's fetched mo, you bet. Fetched mo up oil standing, ob a foller may soy." There was a dead ailonco, and someone asked : " What have yon soon ?" " A ghost, mates. Tho ghost of days long .gone by. Thu ghost of forgotten tilings. The ghost of undone duty. Tho mon looked at him, and at ench othor in surprieo. Even the cord players suspended their gomes. "Boys," ho went on, "I'vo scon this blessed evening what's brought tho solt wotor into my oyo?, and by Goorgol I ain't ashamed to say it. Yon all remember poor Harry Watson, as was killed at tho Long Tunnel two year sinco como Juno ?" ' "Yes, yes." "Well, I happened to be passing the Widder's this afternoon, and turned into the lean-to to shelter out o' tho rain, and thore I see nnd hear Bummut as laid mo out, knooked the sawdust clean out o' mc. Thero was that poor ereotur' n-sittin' oryin' ovor them fatherless bnbbios—cryin',' motes, o'eount of hoviu' no food to civa 'em. Think o' thot, boys, this bleaaed Ghristmos timo, and no food to give 'era. I couldn't atand their in nocent talk, by Geor?o I couldn't, 1 hod to out and run. If I hadn't I should ho' blubbed right out. Now, you'vo all hecr'd o' that Santa Clous aa bring things for kids on Christmas ove?" "Yes, ye?." "Very well. Thia 'oro's Christmas eve, and wo'vo had a good woshin' up, all on us. Now, what I mean for to say is thia 'ore, that Walhalla's not goin' to bo ployed so low down on oa not to hove o Santo Clous of its own. And that Santa Clouao ia goin' to tho Widder's this very night, on tho quiot, ob it were. We ain't n mean lot o' skunks on theeo diggin's, not as I knows on. There's my hat, and therc'a my pound noto in tho orown on it. Anybody con cover it oa .likes." Bendigo Sam, tho biggest rough and bully, and tho moat inveterate gomblor on tho field, roBQ quietly from tho table, soying in, for him, a wonderfully soft voice : " Put down your cards, boys, I'm in this I reckon. Thcro'B my pound. Who's next ?" Thero was no need to oak. In a moment Curly wob Burroundod by a sympathetic orowd, and notc?, gold, and silver wero poured into tho hat as if by magic. "Pass it round hero," called someone from tho bar, ond tho Pactoleon strenm rolled in. ? " Pass it round the township,", cried one enthusiastic contributor, " I reckon wo mountain boys do things right up to the nines when wo do 'am ot all." And it was done. Somo gave in money, somo in kind. Tho affair by some means hud spread through the place, ond all gave something, tho result being that Santo Cloua oiU?t hove hod a very big pack indeed to hold half tho offerings of thesu rough and ready, but goneroua, dwellcra in tho wilder noss. Tho townahip oppearod to bo oppressed with somo groat ond profound secret all that evening. Mon who met iv tho hotels, atoroa, or street, whispered to each other myste riously, or conversed in low, solemn tones. Evep tha card players ot the taverns seemed iv bo preoccupied, and Bendigo Sam twice made a rniadaol,a thinghohnd never before been '. known to do within tho memory of his oldest, acquaintance. Quarrels wero mode up, old friendships which nnd been savored, renewed, and, singular to relate, for tho first time in tho Watery of Wolhalln, the evo of festival was allowed to pass without a fight, or a solitary individual being "run in" to tho polico camp. ' It woa os if tho inhabitants hod hud premonition of soma vast moral earthquake or volcanic erruplion. At a little after midnight half a Bcore of stout fellows, each loaded up with o package more or leas bulky and weighty, might hove been seen moving stealthily along the valley in tho direction of the widow's residence. Tho rain hod ceased, ond o watery moon shono in tho firmament, now visible, now obscured by the driving scud overhead. TheroWas not a sound save the harsh brawl ing of tho swollen creek, and tho querulous whimper of some belated 'possum in the dis tant bush. Noiselessly they approached tho log cabin. AU was Bilence, all darkness. Noiselessly they laid down their burdens at the door under the littlo overhanging porch, and as noisetes?ly thoy glidod away again, fading out—into- the-acniudarkneaa-. like ao many shadowy Bpectrea. Meanwhile the children alept peacefully, —nr?aiuing7 irmighTl>e7br~nTd~"angelTu quiro who hailed, the natal doy of tho God-child '""riMa-.mnrn than ormtnric? before. Slept, oooh with ita little stooking pinned in the dear ""old legend we all know anil love "to teach. Tho hours of darkness spod. Tho bell bird and magpie hailed the advent of the sooied morning with the metallic music of their joyous notas. Tha rosy blush of dawn spread over the eastern sky, lighting up the .7 peaks that roso tier otter tier in tho grey dis tance. Tho freah crisp wind rustled tho leafy Bcreon of tho lofty guma and tbo sweet Boentcd wattlo-blo?Sotn, and tho mother roso from hor lowly couoh to preparo the meogru morning menl with the moisture in her 7 7 eyas, and tha dull aching of blank despair in 7 hor heart. No need for hor to look into thoao poor little stockings hanging at tho bed's head. No need to wako tho little sleepers to the dia -7 appointment thot must come too soon. Sho went quiotly and ailcntly to work, built up somo kindling for the fire, then opened tho 7 door to got a stick or two of wood from the ???-.' small store in tho shed. Great heavens 1 what was this? \\\ aa it a dream? Waa it n mockery of tho seneos ? Was it witchoroft? A heap of packages huddled into tlio door \- way, and on tho tojnnost one o cord securely sewn, ond bearing the in?oription : " The 7 Widow ond children Wot?on, from Santo 7 Clous." Sho etoggered book into the room, and, in a voioo thot seemed aoorcely hor own, .called on the littlo ones to wake and aeo this marvel of marvels. Marvol of marvels indeed. \\\ondcr beyond all wondering. Tho very ombarrass roent of richea. Tho children had never seen anything liko it beforo. Flour, tea, sugar, butter, cheoso, bacon, n fat goo3e, tinned meats— why go on enumerating. There was everything human eyo had ever ' seen or human heart could deaire. Food of oil kinds, moteriols for olothing, Buch few toy? oa tbo township could afford, poor things enough, but, to them, of priceless value. And lost of oil, tho little boy eorao to a small parcel carefully stitched up in a piece of cnnvo? "Here inoinmo," he aoid, "he a o icklo heavy ono, I tnn't- 'ift it." Tho mother roifed it from tho ground. It waa heavy, very heavy for its size. On opening it what \woii her astonishment to find it filled with \oney, pfper.gohl, iiilver of all denoiuino aiib. Her heart woe full. V Oh my dorling?, " sho cried in on estaey Wtitude, " we aboil never know wont ?n, never, never, never.. Kneel down with mc and pray God's boat blosaing on those who ot thia fcativo season havo not forgotten to remember tho Widow and tho Kathorloaa in their affliction. Yea, and they shall bo ble?sed. Amon. and Amen. Behind a clump of bush, not very far dis tant, might hnvo been soon tho stalwart form of Curly. As sho foil on her knees, and lifted her pale faco to heaven, ho fluahed rod through his bronzod akin, turned owkwordly away, ; ,<id slunk quiotly through tho bush as it afraid of being duteotod. Lot u 8 go with him, and lenvo Widow Watson to pour out hor soul in grotitudo to thu One who roigneth eternal in the heavens, and whoao uioroy enduroth for ever. 