PETHERIHK'SI 'PERII : A STORY OF ADVENTURE. [Rethtsl tIr "oulth'r Conpanion " of Roston, sot,o.r pnO: Ito he amown, of Iree tlsanrds dollars for riotl short tories Tlhe tories roe to Ibe elrrted by con. ?,nctl joges aO the 6r o oe.no, igb en t ornt i roa. rltion fore the prosf-. Otr a-nume of th mannperst ?ete reeired, and Ie prirs, harou are oocardeo. t uhor onf " PetOhink's Pelon " he ri kire f tae. iandr . dtllars for tie uohry of ojeol.re hith ioi tere printel. ramlk it. Stclrtoa retrired the frot p ri f pl test hn.or . rooty. The lare e o theOr pe and Mte siroeotaoreu of the ?'.petitlon rooultd arrout tho hprtdofn it/llt ory. rr i it did not ossess a tron l.trwiiirnerrteJt. Il tie flerr FtrelystOlerarIok of its aIhor, .llyr. B H n, Tao-a, elo, 0I "th re; , u as on -ite a ortererrd alrer. I. 1?t1. ai fifteen in searc of adentlurr, bhe-tind a Iarary regiment at phila. dotp.hi adsorredbefore Peters?,rg uatitthe endo of !hr h In ?? r6 oe -to ill the Qooeen' Or aoalntu l m lt .enient in Caaada. Fr erratllrorn he aer outreyor and adrilteineor i pi.~ a oJtanllls in the earcheod. Ile ten joined the taiff of tme Toroto " Globe," there reosaein for forhtart . o isu lory ranp da.e ion a sog it. i The ditoars of the '" Companin" o trote slra: "Few lori e that haroe en tobmitred to tse " Cormpnion" Mhre e?n , hr o prmase for thir intense dramasti power."] Each story of the Shefton Cotton Factory is fifteen feel between floors ; there are seven such over the basement, and this rises six feet above the ground. The brick walls narrow to eighot inches as the)y asend, andl form a parapet Srising above the roof. One of the timekeepers in the factory, Jack IHardy, ayoung man about oy own age, often nes along te brick wamill, the practice giving him a singular lelight, that has seemed to increase with hits roficiency in it. ai ng been a clerk in the works from the beginning, I have frequently used the parapet for a footpath, and although there av? a sheer fall of one hundred feet on the ground, have done it with ease and ithout dizziness. Occasionally Hlardy and I have nun races on the opposite walls, an exercise in which I was invariably beaten, because I became tioid with increase of pace. Hopelessly distanced last Wcrlnesday, while the men'were off at noon, I gave up midway and looking down, odservsed the upturned face of in old nman gazing at tme with Iarted lips, wide eyes, and an expression of horror so Sstartling that I involuntarily stepped. down to the bricklayers' platforn insid't- i then saw that the apparently frighteneo f-rctlator was Mr Petherick, who has been for some weeks paymaster and flactotum for the contractors. "What's the matter, Petherick?" I called down. He made no answer, lnt, walking off rapidly, tli?pp:ared foonn d the mill. Curiots about his damnanoar,'i .lescendel,: ant after some little seeking,/ found himtn smoking alone. . "Yout quite mrightenal me just now, Petherick," said I. "" Did yoa think I was a - ghost?" "drlotjust that,' replieda sententiously. "Did you- expect me to fall then'?" I in qnired. "Not just that, either, said he. The old' man weas clearly disinclined to talk, and ap-. parently tmuch aitated. I began to joke him about his lugubnous expression, when the one o'clock bell rang, and he shtuffle off hastily to another quarter. y Though I puzzled a while over the incident, it soon passed so entirely from my mind that I wads surprised when, passing retherick in the afternoon, intending to go aloft, he. said, asI -Ivent by: e"Don't do it again, Mr. Frazer I" . " What l.' I stopped. "Thatl" he retorted., " "O liF:Yo-ie?ýtm-oifnnting- theoa-ll.,'-' aIdI. - d "I moun going on it at all I" he exclaimed. His earnestnes was so marked that I con ceived astrong interest in its cause. - "I'll make abargain with you, Mr. Pethe-' rick. If you tell me why you advise me, I'll .give the thing up !"- - "Done o ksaid he. "Come to my cottage this evening, al I'll tell you a strange atlven" ture of nmy own, thought perhaps you'll only laugh that it's the reason why it sickens me to see you fooling up there." " Petherick was ready to talk when Jack and I sat down on his doorstep that evening, and immediately launched into the following ftarrs tive . "I was horn and grew to manhood near the high cliffs of the coast of Cornwsall. Millions of sea-fowls make their nests along the face of those wave-woer precipices. MIy companbons ind I used to'get mtch excitement, anti some times a good tdeal of pocket-money, by taking their eggs. One of us, placing hisfcen a loop atthe end of a rope and taking a good grip with his hands, would be lowered bty the others to the nest. " " When lie ha his basket ftll,, they'd Ihal him up, andti another wold go don. Well, one afternoon, I thus went dangling off. They paid out about a hundred feet of rope before I touched the ledge anti let go." " 'Whlat ledge ?"asked Jack. "Oh," saiti Petherick, after a pause, "I seone it will be troublesome to make you under stand the situation." Then, after reflecting forsotne moments : "Yoa mnust knot' that mntst of the cliffs along that coast overta'ng the sea. At many points one could srop six hundred feet into the t, and then be forty or fifty feet frot the base of the rock he left. The coast is scooped under by the wave ut itinsome places the cliffwall is as thotughit iheal een eaten t saway byseas once runnieg on higher levels. There till be an overhafnging coping ; then, sone hundred feet dlow, a ledge sticking ott farthcr than that ofthe top ; unler that ledge all will be scooped away. In places there are three or four such ledges, each pIrojecting frtlher than those above. These letlges usct to fall away occasionally, as tltty do yet, I u to tld, for the ocean is grodually devouring that eoast. Where they did not project farther than the upper coping, one lad wouvli swintg like a pendulum on the rope, and get on the rock, if not too far in, then pat a rock on the loe1 to lnold it fill his return. Wehcn a hleda did project so that one couttl dlropt on it, he hnattle down some slack, and left the rope hanging." "Did the wind ever blo it o ff??casked "Sehtolo, ani never oott of reach," said the old ean. "etcll, the letge I racloctl was like this" (illustrating with Ilt itnlos). "It was some ten fet witt ; it stcnk out any be some six foeet flrthcr than tie cliffn topt tleo rock wall went ot pettcl near tpcrldictlahr, ti lo near the cpittiu at tile grtoundo, Ittt below tile eitge the cliff's ftere was so scooped asw tthat the sea, five tohulred fseet belo, run in under it nigl fifty feet. \- "As I went do-n;'thoustnnt s of hliros rose from tite jaggedt Itlaces of tie Itrecilice, circling around mee it htarsh -acrranmt.$.on teoctlineg the ledge. I steptpcd from the loop, attd, draw og dowsn a little slact, so-alket off hrikly. For ftltly a qtarter of a mile the letdge ran along tbte cliffs f-te hnsnost as level enssl een in stithh as thlat sildealt-k. I remcmher fancy ing thot it sloped outtnrdl noore titan usonal,loot instantly dlisootissedt the noliotn, thooght Gaffer Fentrath, the oldest man in that coontry sitte, used to tell us that we shohold not get the use of tIost ledge alwsays. It hlid thccn as -teatly in our titte as in lois grandifatlter's, anttl e otfly lattgted at his prophCeciCs. Yet the place of n ol filld fiesure wcs morketl ty a line of grass, by toofts of wceets antd small lbshes- strcctlutg along as far as tte lctlge itself, anti -itlhin a foo& or so of the clifs lace. "'Eggs were not so many as t unl, antil I wcnt a lontig iiece froetlna try rcett itfrre lorming back. Then I noticel thte very straoee con doct of toc hosls of sea-fools below.- 1'alh"at there were IooonolTrCl.o htool now there wscre thousands on the waintg, tnd instead of larting forth in plsyfnl tmotions, thcy seemed to be wcildly excited, screatntin g shrily, tosthing on0 in terror, anti rettrtittg ito InssS as tltotgh to alight, only to wslel in dread, and keep the air in vast clouds. "Thi weather was beautiful, the sea like glas. - At no great distance two large brigs, and neirer a small yacht, lay bhealmed, lhetv ing on the ioug billows. I could look down her cabin stairway almost, and it see:eni scarcely more than a long leap- to her deck. " Puzzled by the singular conduct of the sea-birds, I soon stopped, and set my, back against the cliff to rest while w:stching them. The day was deadly still and very "I remember taking off my cap and wiping the sweat from my face and forehead with miy sleeve. - While doing this, I looked do\n is voluntarily to the fissure at my feit InistanIly my blood almost froze with horro:! - There was a distinct crack between the inner :lge of the fissureand the hard psskcdl, root-threadiel soil with which it was filled. FI:orcibly I pressed back, ansd in a flash looked along the ledge. The fissure was widening before my eyes, the rock before me seemted sinking out ward, and with a shudder, and a groan, and a roar, the whole long platform fell crashing to the sea below! I sto?l on a nitrgin of ro-:k scarce a foot side, at my back a perpendicu!ar cliff, and five hundred feet below the ocs n, now almost hidden by the vast concourse of wheeling and affrighted birds. "Can you believe that ny first sensation was one of relief? I stood safe! Even a feel ing of interest held me for some moments. Almost coolly I observed a long and mighty wave roll out from beneath. o .It went forth a high; curling crest-a solid wall of water. It struck the yacht stern on, plunged down on her deck, smashed through her swell of sail, and swept her out of sight for ever. "Not till then did tmy thought dwell en tirely on my own position; not till then did I comprehend its hopelessness ! Now my eyes closed convulsively, to shut out tlie a:ry;s down which my glance had fallen; shudder. ing., I pressed hard again the solid wall at my back ; an appalling cold slowly crept through me I My reason stroggled against a wild desire to leap; all the demons of despair whlispcred to me to make an instant end. In imagination I had leaped ! I felt the swooning helplessness of falling, and the cold, upward rush of the air. "Still I pressed hard lack against the wall of rock, and, though nearly faint from terror, never forgot for an instant the death at my feet, nor the utter danger of the slightest motion. .t How long this weakness lasted I know not; I only know that the unspeakable horror of that first period has come to imie i waking dreams many anil many a day since; hat I have long nights of that deadly fear ; tmht to think of the. past is to stand again on that narrow foothold, anil to look around on the earth is often to cry out with joy that it widehs away from my feet." I e oult LIan Insed long. Glancing side wise at Jack, I saw that his face wa% pallid. I myself had shuldlered and. grown cold-so strongly had my imagination realised the awful experience that Petherick describerl i : Suddenly,". said the old mani "these words flasheil to my brain : 'Are. not two sparrows sold for a farthing? And oneof them shall not fall on the ground without your Father. Fear not, therefore; ye are of more s?alue than many sparrows,' My faculties so strained, I semened to hear the wordls. In deed, often yet I think that I did truly hear a voice utter them very near me. " Instantly hope arose, consciously desperate indeed, but I .became calm, resourceful, capable, and feeling unaccountably aided. Careful not to look down, I opened my eyes and vaze-d far away over the bright sea. The ripple?d hillows told that a light outward breeze hadl sprung up. Slowly, and somiewhat more distant, the two brigs moved toward the horizon. Tirning my head, I could trace the nairorss- stone of my footing to where my rope,:dant-led, perhaps three hundred yards .sdtoaLt. " It seened to hang within easy reach ofthe clilffs age, and instantly I resolved and as in stantly proceeded to wsork toward it. No time remained for hesitation. Night was coming or. I reasoned that my comrades thought me killed. They had probably gone to view the neu condition of the precipice from a lower sta'ion, and on their return would haul up anl carry off the mrc. I made a move toward it. Try to think of that journey?" I nmldedl to him silently. "Shuniling sidewise very carefully, I had not masle tise yards before I knew that I could not continue to look out over that alyss with out glancing down, and that I could not glance down without losing mly senset i You have the brick line to lcep cyes on as you walk along the factory wall; do you think you could move along it erect, looking down as you wottuldl lace to? Yet it is only one hundred feet high. Imagine five more such walls on top of that, andt you trying to move sidewsise inrcpable of closing your eyes, forced to look down, front end to end, yes, three times farther ! Imagine you've got togo on or jump off! W-iouldl you not, in an ecstasy of nervous agitation, fall to your knees, get clown face first at full length, clutch by your hands, andl withshutbeycsfecl yonrway? Ilontged toliedown and hohl, but of course that was impossible." "Still there was a wall at your back," ob served Jack. i " That made it worse. The cliff seemed to press outward against mte. It did, in fact, in cline very slightly outward. It seemed to tw thrustin, me off. Oh, the horror of that sen sa-ti:m I' Vour toes on the edge of a precipice, anid th. "'placable calm tsounltain apparently weighing :nit slowly forward." Beads of sweat broke out over his white face at the hoIrror hle had called before him. i\iiiing his lips nervously with the back of his hand, and looking askant, as at the narrowpiatlhway, he paused long. I saw its cruel c:lge and the dark gleams of its abysmal "I knew," he resumed, "that witt myback to the wall I coull never reach the rope. I fenlsi not face toward it and step forward, so narrsow was the ledige. Motion was perhaps :arenly possille that way., but the breadth of my shoulders would have forced me to lean esett. liwhat more outward, and this I dare not anll could not tlo. Also, to see a solid surface beforne ne became an irresistible desire. I re solved to try to tur round before resuming the de.spetate journey. 'To do this I had to nerve ty.i afsrer one vsteacy look at my footing. "In tle depth Ihelow the myriad sea-fowl then rested on the black water, which, though swelling more withl thie rising winld, had yet an inblroken surface at some little distance froim thie iprecipice, while farther out it had be. ,un to juras wshite-caps, anil in beneath me, Where I coull not see, it daslhed and churned with a fitnt, prvadilng roar that Icould barely dlistinguishl . licfre the tlescendling sun a heavy lbank of. cldsil had arisen. The ocean's sur face bore that nlapplearance of intense and angry lohom that ftens heralds a storm, but, save the ideep mnutrn:-r going out froln below my ierch, all to my Ihearing was deadly still. Cautiously I swung my right foot before the other and carefully edged around. For an in.tant as mi shloulder rulbed against the rock, I felt that I imust fall. I did stagger, in fact, lut the itext moment stood firnm, face to the bietlsing clft; my heels on the very dlge, and the new sntsation of the albyss behindi me no less hlorrllb!c lhan that front whlichl I had with su:;chll dlifficulty escaped.l I stoodl quaking. A delirious horror thrilled every nerve. The skint liust mny ears and neck, suddenly cold, sltrank convulsively. i Wili with fear I thrust forswarl my head ainst thie ruck and rested in agony. A whir a:d ir~dnild ofsnlluci wings madie mle conscious of outward things againi. Then a mad eager ness to climtl sw-ept away othler feelings, and isy handsl attemptedl in vain to clutch the rock. SNt daring to c ,t my hiit ad tbackward, I drew it iortoie-like ibetween niy taiscd shoulders ands chin against Ilthe ireciplice, and gazed up ssr, l with's traising of visjsn from under my ,,ybrows. " Far alsose the dead wall stretched. Side wise glances gaws me glimises of the project to-' su nnnit csting. There was nio fear in that slirection. ut the d?istraction ofscanning the cliffside h:al given my sitral el nerves sim: relief ; to umy nemory againi returned th: pIromise of the Ahltnighlly anti the conscious ness of Ihis regardl. Once more my musclec beeame firm-atrung . ... ." A cautious step sidowise. made me know how much [ had gained in ecse and securityol m, io t by the change of front. I made pro gre?s that seemed almost rapid for some rods, anl reven had exultation in my quick approach to the rope. Hence came freedom to think how I dsoldacton reaching it, and speculation as to how soon my contrades would haul tic up. lThen the idea runsted through me that they might even yet draw it away too soon : that while almost in my clutch it might rise from my hands. Instantly all the terrors of my position returned with tenfold force; an out ward thrust of the precipice seemed to grow distinct, my tremblihng hands told me that it otved bodily toward me, the descent behind me took an unspeakable iemoteness, and from tile utmost depth of that sheer air seemed to asccnd steadily a deadly and chilling wind. Gtat I think I did not stop for an instant. Instead a delirium to mov- faster possessed ttse, ant with quick, sidelong steps-my follow ing foot striking hard against that before sometimes on the point of stumbling, stretched out like the crucified, I pressed in mortal terror along. " lvery possible accident antd delay was presented tomyexcited brain. What if the ledge should narrow suddenly to nothing? Now I believed that my heels were unsuppor ted in air, and I moved along on tip-toe. Now I was convinced that the narrow pathway sloped outwardl, that this slope had become so increasingly distinct, that I might any moment shtpoffintothe void. But dominating every con sideration of possible disaster was still that of the need for speed, and distinct amid all other terrors was that sensation of the dead wall ever silently and inexorably pressing me outward. " My mouth and throat were choked with dryness my convulsive lips parched and arid; much I longed to press them against the cold, moist stone. lit I never stopped. Faster, faster-more wildly I stepped-in a delirium I pushed along. Then suddenly before my eyes wasawell remembered edgeofmossystone, and I knew that the ropeshould be directly be hind me, Was it? " I glanced over my left shoulder. The rope was not to be seen I Wiltlly I looked over the other. "'o rope I Almighty God ! " But what i Yes, it moves !-it sways in sight !-it disappears-to return again to view I There was the rope directly at my bhack, swinging in tIe now strong breeze with a motion that had carried it away from my first hurried glances. With the relief tears pressed to my eyes, and--face bowed to the precipice, almost forgetful for a little time of the hungry air beneath-I offered deep thanks to my God for the delivery that seemed so near." 0 The old man s lips continued to move, but no sound cam= from them. We waited silent, while, with closed eyes ona Ilet heSt, he rc-, nained absorbed in the recollection of that strange minute of devoutness.' " 1stood there," he said at last, " for what now scenis a space of hours, perhaps half a minute in reality. Then all the chances still to be run crowded upon me. To turn around had been an attempt almost desperate before, and certainly, most certainly, the ledge was no wider where I now stood. Was the rope within reach? I feared not. Wouldl it sway toward me. I could hope for that. " But could I grasp it should I he saved ? Would it.not yield to my hand-comingslowly down as I pulled, unroliing from a coil above, trailing over the ground at the top, running fast as its end approacled the edge, falling suddenly at last? Or was it fastened to the accustomol stake? VWas any comrade near who would summonu id at my signal? If not, and if I grasped it, and if it held, how long should Iswing.in the wind that now bore the freshness and tremors of an imminent gale. '* Now again fear took holl on me, and, as a desperate man, I prepared to turn my face" once more to the svat cxpatnse of water and nothing beyond that awful cliff. Closing my eyes I \vrithed, with I know not what motions, easily around, till again my back pressed against the precipice. That was a restful sen sation. And now for the decision of my fate. I looked at the rope. Not for a moment could I fancy it within my reach! Its swayings were not, as I had expected, slightly inwards; but when falling back against the wind, it swung outward, as though the air was eddying from the wall. "Nose I gazerdd own steatlily.. Would a leap be certain death? The water was of intmlense depth below. But what chance of striking it feet or heam first ? What chance of preserving conescousness in the descent? No, the leap would be death: that at least was clear. " Again I turned to "the rope. I was now perfectly dcsperate, but steady, nerved beyond the aest moments of my lift., good for an effort surpassing the human. Still the rope swayed as before, and its motion was very regular. I saw that I could touch it at any point of its gyrations hy a strong leap. " But could I grasp it? What use ifit were not firmly secured above ? But all this time for hesitation had gone by. I knew too well that strength wsas mine tbut for a moment, and that in the next re-action of weakness I should drop from the wall like a dead fly. Bracing myself, I watched the rope steadily for one rounl, and as it returned against the wind, jumped straight out over the heaving Atlan tic. " ly God's aid I readched, touched, clutchd, held the strong line. And it held ! Not ab solutely. Once, twice, and agai:t it gave rave with ierks that tried my arms. I knew these indicatedl but tightening. Th'en it hel? firm and I swung turning in the air, secure above the waves that Ieat below. "To slide down and place my feet in the loop was the instinctive work of a moment. Fortunately it was of dliensions to admit my body barely, (I slipped it over my thighs up to my arompits just as the treadled reaction of weakness came. Then I lost consciousness. " When I awakened my dear mother's face was beside my pillow, and she told me that I had been tossing for a fortnight in brain fever. Many, weeks I lay there, and when I got strong I flunol that I had left my nerve on that awful cliffside. Never since lhae I been able to look from a height or see any other Ihuman being on one without shutlddering. " So now you know the story, air. Frazer, andhave had aour last wolk on the factory wall. He spoke truer than he knew. Ills story has given me slch horrile nightmnares ever since that I could no more walk on the high brickwork than along that narrow ledlge in distant Cornwall. 