■ — — V.B.C. Spring Meeting. Melbourne, October 30. | Although the morning broke fine, the glass began to fall about 9 o'clock, and a strong westerly wind blew with great force raising clonds of dust and making matters very un pleasant. The attendance on the coarse was the largest ever known on Derby day and other first-class days. The sport was very enjoyable. The arrangements on the ground were perfect, but great inconvenience was caused on the return journey by the crush ing ia the trains. The vice-regal party arrived early, and the box which was set apart for tbeir accommodation contained Sir Henry Loch, Lord Carrington, Sir Wm. Robinson, Sir George Strahan, Admiral Tryon, Lady Loch, Lady Carrington and other distinguished personages. The course was in splendid condition, and the racing was of a very high class. The racing commenced with the Mel bourne Stakes, for which Sheet Anchor was first favourite, but when the horses as sembled at the post the friends of Isonomy mtc him sach genuine support that he started a better favourite than anything else. I Lord William cut oat the work to the home i torn, where Sheet Anchor appeared at the i front, but was oat- paced by Isonomy, who would have won had he not allowed Boolka to ditth np on the inside, and make a dead heat of it after a brilliant battle. The run off took place after the last race of the day. Isonomy was most in favour, and led by a neck to the distance, where after a pretty straggle he drew away and won comfortably by four lengths in 2min. lOfsec. '' In the Maribyruong Plate, the candidates were rather a poor lot compared with previous years, though Hortense, a fine stripping filly, looked equal to carrying auy weight, and the way in which she sailed -home with her heavy penalty, proved her to be a downright good one. Hortense won through sheer g&meness;, and eo eecurea we second win - {or Sontb Australia. She -was heavily backed by her party. Seven faced the flag for the Derby. Trident was stanebly supported to the last. Volcano out out the running at a desperate pace, until node? the hill, .when hugging the rails to closely, he struck them and cut his shoulder and qnarter, and hart Ellis's knee. Chesham palling double, then went to the front. .Volcano in falling back caused Trident to lose ground. As it was seen that Hales was riding for his life the excitement became intense, and load shoots was raised that the fayorite was beaten. At the distance , Robertson still had a strong pull on Chesham but answering gallantly from every whip stroke, Trident caught him fit the half-dis tance, and Chesham, tiring suddenly, the favorite won the blue ribbon by two lengths, threat excitement ensued, and the horse and lider were received with deafening cheers. Melbourne Stakes, of 5 sovs. each 1ft., with^300 added : second, SO sovs.; weight frp pgB j 'ljfr mile, ' . S. Miller'e^.fc Boolka, aged f M: Locked b.c, fmWfr 4 y««* ... f W/ So/d'e b e. Bravo, 3 y^are ... 3 Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Industry, Menotti, Lord William, Tamarisk, and Crossfire also started. Boolka got the best of a bad Bt&rt; and led for linlf-a-mile, when Lord William and Industry passed him. Isonomy was first into the straight, but Boolka came again at the distance post, and the pair raced neck and neck for the last 100 yards. Time, 2tnin. 12fsec. Betting: 3 to 1 v. Sheet Anchor, 4 to 1 Isonomy. The dead heat was run off in the interval between the Maribj'rnong Plate and the Derby, when Isouoiny went to the front at start, and won easily by three lengths. Hotham Handicap.—Of 5 sovs each, 1 ft., with 300 added ; second 70 sovs, and third 30 sovs ; 1£ mile and a distance. J. Whittingham's b. h. Claptrap, aged .. 1 Hon. J. White's ch.c. Hexham, 4years ... 2 J. R. Smith's b.g. Lancer 3 Ringmaster, Silver King, First Prince, Lesbia, Remus, Salva, Genoe, the Pencil, and Fish O'Silver also started. This was a good. start. Salva took the lead, bet just after p losing the stand Hexham went to the front tiy three lengths. After going half-a mile First Prince slipped and lost his rider, who was uot hurt. Hexham led into the straight, bnt Claptrap came through and won very easily by three lengths, the same distance between the second and third horses. Time, 2inin. 25Jsec. Betting ; 3 to 1 v. Hexham, 4 to I Salvo, 7 to 1 Claptrap. The Maribyrnong Plate.—A Sweepstakes of 30 sovs. each, with 1000 added. For two- J year-old—colts, 8st. 101b ; fillies, 8st. 51b ; ! geldings at time of running allowed 51b. The second horse to receive 300 sovs., and the third 200 sovs. out of^the stakes ; 5 far lougs ; (94 subs.) G. L. Macdonald's b.f. Hortense 1 D. Cooper's br.c. Huntiugtower 2 B, B. Smith's br.c. Bedouin ... ... 3 Matumua, Essex, Escutcheon, Albert Lod don, Jebusite, Loyalist, Aberdeen, Perhaps, Mistletoe, Faucy Free, Eckersley. Esper ance, Lava. Oceana, and Mirauda also started. After five ni-nutes' delay the field were sent away to a splendid start. Esper ance and Huntingtower if anything had the best of it; the former was first on to the tan, but immediately after ran off, interfer ing with Miranda. Bedouin then took the lead, but was passed by Hortense, who won by half-a-length, Bedouin third, a length away. Time, lmiu. 7$ sec. Betting : 4 to 1 v. Lava, 5 to 1 Perhaps,'6 to 1 Hortense and Mistletoe. The Victorian Derby.—A sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, 5ft., with 650 added, the second horse to receive 100 sovs., and the third 50 sovs. out of the stake. For two year-old—colts, 8st. 101b., fillies, 8st. 5lb.: li mile ; (133 subscribers.) Hon.-J. White's ch.c. Trident 1 Mr. D. Cooper's ch.c. Chesbam ... ... 2 Mr. A. K. Blackwood's ch.c. Aglaos ... 3 First Consul, Kmgash, Volcano, and Maddelina also started. First Consul broke away twice. Afterwards the field were despatched to a good start. Volcano went to the front and kept the lead from Ches ham for a quartf , of a mile from home, where he collapsed, and interfered with Chesham. The favorite appeared to be beaten here, but Hales kept at him hard till he got level with Cbesham half way up the straight, then came away and won by two lengths, Ag'aos eight lengths off, third, First Consul fourth, Volcano last. Time, 2.nin. 39sec. Betting: 5 to 4 on Trident, 5 to 1 v. Maddelina, 15 to 1 Chesham and. First Consul. Selling Race of 3 sovs. each, 1ft., with £150 added ; weight for age; the winner to he sold for £150 ; 7 furlongs. R. Howie's br.c. Huron, (nil), 4 years ... 1 J. G. Eeid's ch.g. The Gost, (nil), aged ... 2 R. K. Maitland's b. or br.g. Stafford (nil), aged ... ... 3 Baron, Ellington, Louise, Strait Shot, and Roysterer also started. This -was a good start. Huron went to the front, and kept the lead until the finish, and won easily by two lengths; a length between the second and third. Time, 2min. 29sec. Betting: 5 to 4 v. The Ghost, 7 to 2 Stafford, 8 to 1 Huron. The wirmer was bought in for £230. Coburg Stakes of 5 sovs. each, one forfeit, with 200 added ; second 50 sovs. ; winner of any handicap value 75 sovs. or upwards, after declaration of weights to carry 71b. extra; 1 mile and 1 furlong. G. Davis's br.c. Day Star, 3 years ... 1 T. Coffey's br.h. St. John, 6 years ... 2 S. Martin's b.g. Hogmaney, aged ... 3 William Tell, Dunlop. Lord Wilton, Satyr, Recall, Gardenia, The Dun, Pocahontas, The Agent, Hewmaster, Gadfly, Albanus, Maro oey, Myall King, Goldlake, The Fobber, and Rosnry also started. A very bad start was effected, and Rosary was left at the post. William Tell and Pocahontas cleared out from the others, and came into the straight together, where they retired. St. John and the winner went to the front, and raced neck and neck. Day Star wou by half a head. Hogmanay came fast, a length off. Time, lrnin. 57isec. 