TOMORROW'S SERVIOED AND LEOTURCS. Tbe Rev. W. O. Ford will preach in ths moiniog at Bt. 1'auFs Pfo-Utnedr»l. a:iJ in the svtniDg the Kv. Dr. Rromby, Full c'-orri services will be rendered. Dyke's service in F beins DSifotmed iu the morninff with Attwood anthem, " Couis Holy Ghost.'' In theev. usg sUctions will be given from Mendelj<i'>hD'i hi, Paul The collections will be on behalf of tbe Church Millions Fond. Tho Rev. the Iicumbent will preneb >t Christ Church, Bt. Kilda, in the morning, ad in tha eveniog the Rev. R. Hopkins. C.iural services in the evening, , Tbe Rev, B. Cbxpinan will preach at the Collins street Baptist Church, in ihs murniog, and at the Theatre Royal in the avsoi .ig Tbe Rev F, G Buckingham will p eui b at both services at the Baptist Churcb, bjaib Msltourne. . The RevF. H. Browne will preach at t is Coi.ieAtional Church, Lennox street, Ku- mono, io; the eveniog on le the Bible true to HDtory and F.xperietco? Mr w. J. Evans will Iscture at the Protectant llall, Exhibition street, on Chriat's Aicoioj? woik. I h Rv N. Kinsman will preaoh at the 7 rsj Ui iuch of Kogiand. ColHugwood, on Christ auJ Hi af if-ioo of Nathaniel. . Mr Gordon, ssnr , w iil lecture at the "Jdibl '"Wtt1 Hall, Windsor, on the De- jtiuy of tbJ Wuktd. Mf ( l.ctbury will preach in the mom. ng ' " f l at.frnicle, Backvills street, Colling wood, ' n ( LriFt, Our 8trengtb; and U the tvening,ou Itiij iicfiS fcr tbe Dead. TI e debate at the Anarcbiete' Club will be ou \Vli»t is Government 7 Ihs Htv J. T. Pit bouse will p each at bow uj.iLS Ht ths North Csrlton l'n>ou:vd M< thodif-t Church. Tbe sermon in the iv"113" will t)« In Memoriam lbs late Mr G. b.ao- b-i'Ut, ... M.ijor Barker, aasistod by the matron oMn (itelong Uome,will oonduet tbe Salvation Army mvice at the Tempeiance Hall in tho wtfi- I'bsHsvO Waller, will hold a spu-i " , for joung people at tbe Unitarian < i irmn Eastern Hill, the subject of his attfl re - >' 1,1 mornins will be Klad Hearts, anl w ''fD ing Religion iu the Home. . ' TbsRsv T. W. M'Gregor ail) prcan. v North Carlton Prssbyteiiso Un.ir.-h 1 morning nn Pentecost, and in the evei> >K u:i Our Neighbor. , , Mr Ju-ieph Symta wllllecturt' ' ' - ' Hcienctin tbo evening, and ri ani'q;- !-1 j:l;' will be given in the u.orr>uig- 