Victorian Turf Notes. {Bit Tblegbaph.] ... (FROM Otm SPECIAL SPOKTOTC RBPORTEE.) , MELBOURNE, Saturday. The weather was dull and threatening this morning when training operations commenced. Nothing of any importance was witnessed, as the majority of horses are at Caulfield. Isonoiny did a rattling gallop on the sand track, moving in great style and finishing strongly. If he trains and sees the post for the Melbourne Cup, he will run a great race. Plunger had the assistance of Metal in a strong , wurmng gaiiujp , uie v/up inuee snieneu lias a 'iruuesman, and gives promise of being very well by the Cup time. Sedition, another speedy inmate ef the WiUiamstown stable, worked at a three-parts pace on the main track; Genoe, Cyclops, and St. John were associated in a gallop of a mile and three- quarters. The last-named finished a bad last in a not over-fast spin, and, although not much notice need be taken of this exhibition, I am convinced that he has no ?how whatever in the Caulfield Cup. Trident was sent a little faster than usual this morning. The report that he is lame is incorrect. Lava and Aberdeen spurted five furlongs, the latter finishing the better of the two. Hexham and Monte Christo did a serviceable gallop on the 6and track, the gray being in trouble tho whole journey ; the remainder of Mr. Fennelly's simply, cantered and slow exercise, and Citadel and Bedouin ran a moderate five furlongs; the latter will not run this afternoon at Caulfield, in conse quence of the sudden illness of the Hon. W. Pearson. Commotion displayed a desire to get the free use of his head, but Power would not let him out of a slow canter. Ringmaster and First Prince ran a mile and a- quarter in company, none brilliantly. Lord Wilton and The Levite were extended a mile, but neither created a sensation ; but Trojan registered a useful six furlongs. If .reservod for the Moonee Valley Cup, Trojan willireqnire a lot of beat ing. Dunlop worked on the tan at half pace, and Baynes's string, comprising Brown and Rose, Gold Lake, Minerva, Halcyon, Burailda, and Silver King, cantered slowly on file sand track. ' . ? WVMV»|| Tho tracks eft Flemington were in first-class condition this mbming 'and very fast; ' Sevior opened tho week's Work at & o'clock by sending Espeigle and others in liis charge a long* slow canter. J. Redfearn sent Sedition and a two-year-old . nice striding work-in company: after which The Plunger and Metal were exercised. The Cup horse is coming on nioely ; but Metal looks a bit backward. Remus did a fast mile alone; and First Consul, Menotti, 1 and Fish o' Silver cantered slowly; Work of a like nature - was also given 'All Gold and Don Giovan, St. Jchn and Genoe Tan a mile and a-half in company, the former finishing very slovenly. Chceham, Blairgowrie, and Abydos cantered slowly on tho sand track, and Trenton bad Fernandez with him in ' half-pace work on tho tan. Tlie two-year-olds, Oceana, Hunting Tower, and Miranda, cantered, then- ran home four, furlongs in even time inside the course proper. Lesbia did useful three-parte paoe work by herself, aind Margrave spurted with the King's son. Mainsail and Liedertafel also exercised on the Aew track: Cyclops, looking' well, but moving rather . short, worked alone' on the main rink, where also Walter Hickenbottom'e horses cantered. Burrilda and Halcyon were restricted to cantering, while Silver King and Goldiake worked at half -pace, and Minerva and Brown and Rose went a little faster on the sand track! All £he Warwick Farm horses are in great' buckle. Volcano piloted Pontifex in very slow - wbrkj and Trident had Tamarisk with him in half-pace work, both pleasing the touts. . Aberdeen and Sumatra exercised slowly, and Acme and Lava worked alone at intervals. Hexham moved very freely in advance of Monte Christo, who galloped a mile in his own peculiar style. The Levite, assisted by Lara and Lord Wilton, ran a really good 12 furlongs with R. Walker in the saddle. Ringmaster, First Prince, and Tabby ran a fast seven furlongs, and Lady Bell with Moore in the ' saddle registered four furlongs in 62 seconds. Trojan ran a fast seven furlongs, and H'ortcnso and Harridan cantered slowly;. Tarpein. was exorcised on the tan, where also The Baron- was sweated in heavy neck clothing. Isonomy, Satyr, and Hill's two-y«u--olds were all ' re stricted to' moderate work. Commotion did a couple of miles at half pace on the tan, pulling up all right. Aglaos and Opal, both on the im prove, did lpng .three-parts rpsfa work. Jcbusite; a fine two-year-old- colt in T. -Cofffcy'sistable, unshipped his rider and bolted, finally coming to grief in an attempt to jump foe Newmarket course fence, a couple of rails of which he knocked out ; the colt is cut a good deal about the legs, but the - extent of his' injuries is not yet known. Several other horses did unimportant work.' Il'he following are the latest; ecratchinga Melbourne Cup; Huron, Eagle Grange, Duke of Athol. Caulfield Cup: Clarendon, Bt;' Albert, Huron, St.' Odille, Chuckster, Western, Meteor, St. PauL E&gle; Grange, Corday, Afttroaa, Orphan, Arsenal, The Nun, and Gardenic. Windsor' Handicap: F4on,. Steeplochaso, Reticent. Caulfield Stakes':' MerriinU, Lord tf the Manor. For all Caulfield eng&gemehtB; : Mozart. ' ?? r. ? 1 Txsssdxt. ? Anticipating an Abundance of fast work, there was a large gathering of touts at Flemington this mominft but . the visitors were doomed to disappointment, as the doings were hardly worth, recording. HogiuaJaiay cAhtered slowly, u alio did- the' two-year-old coltj- Ormonde, : and All Gold did two ..rounds : on, the sand track vi, : three -jjarts pace, finishing most determinedly. This horse ib veiy well indeed. 'St. Odille ''was absent from the trakik, is withdrawn from the Caulfield1 Oiip. ' Rufus and Sedition et*rted in coinpany. for fast - work, when the ; latter' cleared .r out. and ran . a fast, mile in rare, style. Pluiiger; __ with necksweaters ' on, was ridden - by E. M'Grade in a' useful once round with Metal. ;Remu8 was tried over the Cap distance inooih pany with Cyclops, while TheBaron's services were brought into requisition for Ihe last six fnriongs. The gallop was a.' 'very' poor one, ' and seals Rexims's chaice as a hopeless one should he . start, which I doubt very much. Menotti cantered slowly on the *«nd track; . «na Fish o' Silver led First Consul in a good working gallop of once round on the main rink. Oceana and Hunt lngtower spurted live furlong against a strong head wind, the: latter finishing the better: , of the pair. , Miranda and Abydos* also covered the «m» distance. Chesham and Fernandez opened their work with a alow canter,1 them broke away 'anS ran a fast aix furlongs, jn^ which the black gelding fauiy held held his own With the chestnut. Blairgowrie didnot work. Trentqn and Orator, used the tan track in their work, which was restricted to half pace, or perhaps a little faster. The brbwn horse was closely scrutinised after he pulled np,but no lameness was discern ible. ; Dancing Master $cted as mentor to Don Giovan in a brush . of .six fuii ojyjs on Jhe , saM rink ; the- latter can ' go - just as fast as na iSles, but is rather green at present. The Caulfield Cup candidate, Lesbia, executed a really good gallop on the inner track almost unnoticed. Though no time was v attempted, she finished brilliantly, and 1 regard her as one of the best outsiders in the race. The King's Son, Songster, and Margrave also worked on the new track. Liedertafel, ' Mainsail, and another in Cook's stable 'worked in company, the former concluding her exercise with as five -furlong spurt. Tamari&k; cantered once round ? slowly with Volcano, and then pulled out, leaving the latter to complete Another turn by himself. Pontifex and ' Sumatra also exercised in company, and Aberdeen and Lava ran five furlongs ; Acme worked slowly without a mate, and Monte Christo attempted to extend Trident in a hard gallop, but signally failed. The reports ofhis lameness are a myth, as, far as Mr. Fennelly is aware. Hexham put in the best gallop of the morning, running a round by him self with perfect ease in 2 minutes 34 seconds. This handsome little chestnut is coming on quicker than any thing at Flemington. Burrilda and Halcyon did useful work at long intervals ; then Brown and Rose and Minerva worked strongly together, followed by Goldiake and Silver King, who worked separately. Scylla and :Liberty, two stable companions of Middl&narch;, also rah two three part pace miles on the tan. . Kirk, in company with Tarpeia, moving very gingerly, cantered on the tan, where also Aglaos and Opal pattered along... Subsequently the latter came out again, and chased heme Dunrobin and Huron in a slow mile. Gcnoc had the best of (St. John and Allanderin a nine furlong -spin. A large number of touts still think that St. John's work is not genuine. Jebusite, who was slightly injured yesterday, ran five furlongs with Patience* in good style. Isonomy did a couple of rounds on the sand track alone, the last in 2 minutes 85 J seconds. Probation and Perhaps spurted, and Satyr, in the same stable, worked on the tan, where also the hand some ' Dunlop went through his work. The Levite, Lord Wilton, Trojan, Hortense, Harridan, and others of the Lockleys division were limited to slow work. Ringmaster and First Prince cantered gently, then ran home from the seven furlong post in 1 minute 36£ seconds. Bedouin and Citadel registered a fast five furlongs ; and old Com motion, as gay as a peacock, put in a couple of half-pace rounds on uie sand. Cripps' division, comprising Sir Samuel, Albert, Loddo&j; Yiue Cake, Duration, Harvester, Duke of Athol,- Ragman, and others, were given w uinj ao wciu aiou a jtugo uuuiu«.t vi others. W. C. Dakin's string, consisting of the unlucky Quintin Matsep and some . twPryear-olds, worked after breakfast, and so did the horses in care of Abe Dayis. Maddelina is reported to be lame, but this scare is always raised by the touts if they miss a horse. Wednesday. The tracks at Flemington were in superb condition this morning after the light showers of rain that fell yesterday. A large number of horses were present; but the only gallop 1 executed during the morning was that by First Consul, in oompany with Fish o' Silver, the pair negotiating a very useful mile and a-half. Trotting and cantering constituted the remaining work, but to-morrow some fast gallops may I be anticipated. Gardenia is scratched for the Caulfield Cup and Duke of Athol for the Melbourne Cup. Lord Carring ton's horses and Zeno arrived safely yesterday. The weather is cloudy and overcast, with every appearance of a wet afternoon for the trotting club meeting, which is to be held at Elstcrnwick Park. Silver-mine is favourite for the Caulfield Cup ; but the wagering is extremely dull. Thursday. A beautifully fine but terribly cold morning was ex perienced on tile tracks at Flemington. The Sydney trainers complain of the great difference in thie two climates^ and they would all Ske to return home 7 if the training tracks could be transferred to Randwick. S. G. Cook commenced the proceedings by sending Remus, Cyclops, and Marie Louise useful pace work, but the trio wen sot allowed to make time. Remus will be ridden in the Cup at Caulfield on Saturday by R. 'Ellis, the Sydney jockey. Liedertafel .ran five furlongs alone at a good pace, finishing very strongly; die is one of the;handsomeBt fillies at Flemington. Mainsail : cantered on the sand, and Dividend did long slow work on the new track. Don Giovan end All Gold concluded their task with a smartly-run six furlongs, which ended in favour of the youngster. St Odille was again absent, as also was Blairgowrie. W. Fil gate sent Tarpeia the Cup distance on ihe tan track, but she -shaped none too well, and Jlooks as though a spoil would do her moro rood than galloping. Yet she has a host of followers from South Australia. Hogmanay worked at half paco on tho tan. First Consul and Fish o' Silver, the former looking rather tucked up, wore despatched over the 12-furlongs course. The first named finished well, but 1 doubt his ability to win the Caulfield Cup, and like his show much better in our Derby. Abydos was beaten 'by Miranda in a moderately good .five furlongs, , which, how ever, was put in the shade by Oceana and Hunting tower, who both finished remarkably well in l.CJ. Chesham and the cocky Orator were mated in strong work, ajt the conclusion of which the elder horse had the most to say. Chesham displays great pace, hut not until the autumn^s he likely to be seen at his best. Trenton and Fernandez did a couple of strong rounds on the tan track, the former moving much more freely than usual ; at the same time he is very backward. Lesbia registered a really sound working gallop on the new course by herself; sho is jumping out of her skin with con qiuon. ana wui sgns a.,*iara parne on oaturaay, ana ib almost Bure to run into, a place. Halcyon did nice three part pace work on the tan, where also Brown and Rose and Minerva where extended for .a fast mile; both these mares are In great buckle, .Silver itihgand Burrilda started from, - (he half-mile post, and ran &~fast circuit on thesand. After pulling up, the discovery-' was made that Burrilda was bleeding from the xoso; but it is a chronic cjomplaint, and no ill effects are anticipated. Goldiake was piloted by the younger Gough in a fast gallop on the sand rfnk. Pontifex ;and. Lara negotiated a wonderfully smart five furlongs, as also did Aberdeen end Sumatra, the former of this pair getting home first 'in 1 .6J, sec6nds. Volcano strode along, for sound work by himself; but. he does not * please the touts Jn the least. Acme and. Tamarisk exercised in . company, {heir, work being restricted' to a steady gallop on the outer rink. Trident had Monte Christo an difficulties in a 12-furlong gallop, from start to finish. Every possible effortis temg shade by a number of touts and a few trainers to brand \- Trident as a cripple, but so far they have hot succeeded. Little Hexham bounded along in TaWBtylfi by himself in a 9-furlong spin, fairly .revelling in his work. A rush 4as made for the -inner track- wheh St. John, in company with the ancient Allandcr, appeared to do what was generally tsupppsed ,to . be . a trial gallop. The pair started . n2 'at ieven time,* then gradually increased the pace .for.. a mile, wheb ? the chestnut dropped out, and .uie hurdle horee Joey took his ' place, and bftraght the cup'- horse home from the last 'half- mile ; the full time occupied was ,% minutes 52 seconds.' Opinions differed very much od.Jhe merits pf the gallop,, but I thought he tired very, much in the last furlong, butut is^ust possible he : carried an abundance of dead weight^ Plunger ran once round on the sand trade at three-part pace, and Sedition galloped a faet six furlongs, in company with^ftaiCTate^lJfetJ^jMnsteTO Jtebia^ ? ? t ? . .... XATEB. Commotion worked ' fit three-part ptice bn the trn' rink, where ajBO !ISaidius, Dunlop, Affluence/ Ballaratj Strylla, Middl&march;, Yetmah, Aglaos (in 'rugs), r 'Black Snake, and cthbrs exercised fet «nort intervals. Isonomy, lafter cantoring, fan a ptrong mile and a half, with Quinn in, the ' saddle; he' required a lot of roiising along at : the finish, which may be the- result of hid' iwiikirig* alone. , Probation- and Perhaps . did : a. -long' . slow/ canter, winding /up with a ipnrt ipf thi^ee furlongs. 1 The Levite shaped fairlv well in a furlong gallop, but 1 do not likfe him for the Caulfield CU'p. Lora Carrington's pair : of two-year-olds were limited to slow cantering, ana appeared veiy backward. The Steeplechase' horse Blackthorn has been doing genuine work all tne week, and if started in the Steeplechase on Saturday will take a lot of heating. 'Lord Wilton worked alonal onthe sand track,but was ilot extended beyond three-part pace. Opal and island^ started off t ogetber for a once-round gallop; the foMuer, however, was beaten in the first hundred yards, and the grey went on by himself, causing a little sensation t-y making thfr record of the morning) 2.3' for the round ; some watches made him 2.29, and others 2.30J. He pulled up verystrongly,'but I noticed that h.e only woreplates.^ Giving him creditf or a brilliant exhibition, I shall not stand him for Caulfield, as -I have seen him do too many fast gallops in private, ana cut up ignominiously in public. The Uaron and Repose, worked at intervals' on the sand track ; Hortense and .Lara spurted five furlongs, and Harridan, easily defeated a brother to Trojan in a four furlong buret.-; Ringmaster and First Prince did. a strong working gaBop on the .new track, where also the youngsters in the same stable exercised; while the flying Lad v Bell, who is an enormous *trider, cantered jsix furlongs in 1.21. on thesand by herself. Newstcad, showing no signs of improvement, potterssd along slowly on the main track. Yule Cake and Harvester ran a very smart six furlongs, and ; Derision piloted Duration, who 4s-terribly sore, in a short run of half-a-nciile. Messrs. A. Davis's, W. E. Dakin's, and several other -horses were iot worked till after breakfast. Maddelina's lameness turns out to bo about as bad as Tridents was supposed to be. Eagle Grange was started for the Elsternwick Park Handicap yesterday, but broke down badly after going a few yards. ? The betting market remains ' unchanged, with the exception that Silverminc is a trifle easier. Little John's starting seems problematical at preifient. Highland Mary scratched for the Melbourne Cup. _ „ . ?- -CAULFIELD, T.wssday. rugniand Chief ran a etrong gallop once round the ruu j ning track outside the hurdles, whicn, is one mile and a , quarter and four chains. Blondin joined in at the mile post, and the gallop occupied 2 minutes 23 seconds, or about 2 minutes 18 seconds for the mile and a quarter. Ben Bait, after cantering, with O'Brien up, went down to the end of tho straight. He strode along for a working gallop. Chuckster joined him at tlie mile, and ran with hi 01 to the distance, when he pulled off. The Cup horse 'was 2 minutes 29i seconds in executing the once round, but he appeared r to go very ltaily. -Sil vermine, with The Chanter, cantered once round the running track, after which the pair were going for a strong gallop, Sirocco picking up the Cup favourite at the mile post, and tho circle of the track was covered in 2 minutes 23 seconds. Millstreani and Crane appeared for a gallop over the course, The Ghost joining them at the mile, and he led the Cup horse along at a rare pace. The time registered for the' round from the judge's box denoted 2 minutes 23 seconds. Grace Darling and Gadfly came out on the track, and ran a mile for a strong gallop in 1 minute 51$ seconds. 