Wit & Humour. Established on a sound basis — A brass band. It's never safe to judge a man by the umbrella he carries. It may be oaly a borrowed one. Never kick a man when be is down. It is- cowardly. Never kick a man when ke is up. It is reckless. ' Mamma,' said an interesting juvenile, ' do sheep write?' 'No, child.' ' Then why are they provided with pens ?' In what condition was the putriareh Jobt- the end of hiB life ? asked a Sunday school teaoher of a quiet-looking boy at the foot of the clais. ' Dead,' fiimly replied the boy. 'Alonzo, dear, do you believe in ghost 3 ?' she asked, dreamily. 1 No, darling, I do pot,' he rapliede 'Well, Alonzo, that. ghost to show you are. not. superstitions.' Then they fell into a sweet, ca «Si sleep. V i" ' Used you pretty rough, didn't he?' remarked a sympathising bystander to a man who had just got a most awful licking. ' Well, no,' replied the suh- dmd one, 'I thought be polished me off very nicely.' A man who had to leave his office, and was ex pecting a caller to pay him Borne money, loft tbii notice on his door : I have gone out for balf-an- hour. Will be back soon. Have been gone twenty minutes already.' " Do you allow drunken people on the tram ?' asked an old gentleman at the King-street waiting piace. " Sometimes, but not when they are »oo drunk," replied the conductor; "just take a Beat in the middle of the car and keep quiet, and you'll all right." A little lawyer appearing as evidence in one of the courts, was asked by a gigantic counsellor what profession he was of, and having replied that he was an attorney — 'You a lawyer!' said Brief; ' why I can put you in my pocket.' ' Very likely you may,' rejoined the other, ' and if you do, you will have more law in your pooket than in your head.' The inmates of a ooarding-houso in Kent-street were much annoyed by there being hairs so fre quently in their batter. One of the boarders .took tbe landlady aside, knd remarked to her in a private wav, that some of his friends thought it might be better to put butter on ona plate and haire on another, and let neople mix to mit themselves. He merely suggested it for consideration. An editor up tbe country, ' who thinks the wages demanded by compositors an imposition; has' dis charged bis bands, and intends doing bis own type setting in the future. He save : — " owing' TO tHe eXoRbiTanT wAgeH dEManDEd by crinTErs wH haVe coNcLUded To dO oUr oWn .tVpe BeTTing iN tHe futUre, : anD aLthOueh m E neVer (eArnEd ' t-He arT WE dO noT sEe sNy grEAt mYstery iN tHE BusIneSe. Several Bsthuret gentlemen were tslking in a Sydnsy cafe about absent-mioded people. Gilhooly said he thought that old Dr. Smith was the most absent-minded mm in the profession. "He was on bis way to the train when be imagined that be baa left bis watch at home. What do yon suppose he did ?" asked Gilhooly. "I. bnve no idea," re sponded Kosuueko Murphv. ".Well, in bis absent- mindedness be pulled out his wateh to see if ho had time to go back home and get it." ' Passengers in this 'bus will do well to Io.<k after their packets,' said a Sydney policeman, at- the door of a crowded omnibus ' ' there are two pickpockets here.' 'In that case,' said a nervous man in a white choker, who looked l'tte a clergyman; 'I- will get nut ; I cannot risk my reputation in such com pany.' ' And I,' said a respectable gentleman, with a gold-headed oane and spectacles; ' have too mhch money about me to. stand the chances of being robbed.' So they both alighted. Then the 'police man said, 'Drive on, they've both got ou The backblocks journalist is fast acquiring ..the amenities of polite and refined society. Says a Northern scribe': "The office boy of our esteemed contemporary is, in the editor's absence, still trying to palm himself off on the community as his intel ligent and well-informed principal." Now every body muet admit that this is a great advance upon tho custom which formerly obtained of speaking of a brother - editor as " the empty-headed eycophanfc aeroes the way," or " the presiding jackass of tbe low-down menagerie whose vile smelling odore pollute tbe surrounding atmosphere." But it' is terribly eevere on the office bdy. A provident and business-like man, on leaving the city for a trip with his Bamily, placed a placard just ins'de the hall door, couched in the following lan guage— "To burglars, or those intending to burgle. All my plate and jewplery and other valuables, are in:' the- safes of the City Bank. The trunks, cup boards, &o.;, contain nothing but second-hand clothing too: bulky to remove, on which you would realize comparative little. The keys 'are in the left hand top drawer of the sideboard— if you doubt myword. You will also fiod there a chrque payable to bearer for £5, which will remuaerate you . for your .loes of time aBd disappointment. Please wipe your feet on the mat, and don't spill any candle' grease .oh the caipet. 