ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. HUGH KALYPTUS DN HOLIDAYS Tbe holiday - loving public have cui*iai3 idcee as to what ceostitutes a day's please, judging from the many thousands of i ilea < women and children, congregating at certain places. Take Glenelg for instance on the •* Twenty- eighth," which is something- ak« n to the Fourth of July Festival in America. On Proclamation Day it LB generally a^RFC'LY hot, dreadfully dusty, and woefully wearisome, yet thousands rendezvous there year after yar, and show how pertinaraaas tne average Australian is in pursuit of pleasure ( ave tfee mark). ThSs is the programme: - 1\. A hurried breakfast, with the head of t!:3 family grumpy and the mother wometL - A hurried examination -of Scrymgtfar'e or body else'e Guide, a muddle as to' the time tbe tramcar passes and which train it catches5 father of the family sarcastic on the subject of wifely msnageaaent; mother worried-; children fretty and pestering about spades imd backets, and all eager to start. 3. A rush out at the tram and a scramble back for a youngster pft behind. ft. Tram is -crowded, no chanseio* I etting away hy it. 5. Watch for anotier, c rah all children in-; -lunch left behind in the hurry ; father furious, mother bothered out of her 'life. 6 Reach train—chock full, people'Standing on steps; rush for the Holdfast Bay 'line; crowd waiting there also ; everybody scowling at everybody else as V in trader.; scramble for carriage; paterfarnitiw has bought a first-class ticket aifd finis himself in a aecond-class carriage— threatens to write to the Register; gets chaffed by 'Arry and his larrikin friends for exhibiting temper. 7. Gets to the Bay and finds a motley mnltitude on the shore and jetty; carries the baby through the crush to •the eea end of the jetty, and is met by the •deluge of people from the Fort steamers; rails at the committee for fencing off the north •end of the T-head; finds no rest for his bones •on-seat or step; baby squalls at the noise Sad confusion; Tommy gets lost; Folly" is •knocked down, and mother gets separated from the family. S. All Instinctively adjourn to the Police Station in search of the lost youngsters ; father a little flashed with —well, "refreshments;" mother hot and Dxioos; children fretty, and they find Tommy bellowing his best amongst a lot of small fry in the sergeant's room. Tommy, the lately lost and mourned over, is solidly spanked, and yells harder than eyer; father dVBSTB* mother lets ont at last, her ~]Misnce exhausted. and peace b •feilihed np with bans and gingerbeet 'Am If make for a restaurant; the place is HOmd<d, tfce tea is weak, the pastry has Jbean rebaking in the son all day, and patsi- IwnJias, new hotter, more tired, more savage 1 St A ever, mo tier more wear; and childret bowling, tries to get into the train, and after the tack buttons are torn off, father'i coat, mother's bonnet crashed com pletely, and children squeezed to forty-yell power in the crush, they all get to town, ani make fcr home, having had their holiday Oh yesI very much. And yet the same people go again the next year as if it were a~religiouB duty—in fact, they would not patiently endure half the heat and discomfort at Church; not they. I have come to the conclusion that rea heroism may be found in fall bloom cn the 28th at the Bay amongst the cos tomary crowd. The women, indeed, are tru« heroii es, for you find them after hours o anxiety, heat, hurry, and worry, still patient abstemious and enduring to a degree, nursm^ their fretting offspring uncomplainingly? while many of the men have been drowninj their troubles in colonial ale. Oh! woman, in onr holidays, So fond of toilet and delays, But -when the weary day is o'er, Still equal to enduring more. While men are putting down pale ale Thou dost not in thy duty fail, But keepest calm amidst the noise. And watchest o'er thy girls and toys, While thy strong husband unbesefc Is trilling still with heavy wet. He was a well-known Bishop, and one of a. right manly stamp, and he was <above the pomps and vanities of episcopal -life, but ho had been "my lorded" ad nauseam, and on the title Lordship the changes had been rung incessantly. It was, therefore, a relief to him to get away to a distant watering-place, where he contracted a comradeship with-e. couple of nice little lads, with whom he went boating and who. in the freshness of their hearts not knowing his name or position, were won: in frolicsome mood to call him " Mate" and "Jack." One day they met him with their father, and were reproved for net addressing him as " My Lord." " Oh ! we did not know he was a Lord," quoth one, " we eall him onr mate, we thought he was a mate." Aid that isjusthowthe Bishop felt; he did not wish to be anything more than a mate to those unsophisticated lads. The people who think tbey know ire far more numerous than the people who really know, or know they know. Mr.. GeJl is one of those who think they know, and he is anxious to impart his knowledge to other people, or rather he wishes to be their guide, philosopher, and friend. It must -have teen a great comfort to His Excellency the Governor, after the mild public reproofs he has had for that unfortunate slip o : the tongue at Linden, to find that Mr. Gell, who knows all about it of course, approves of>his freedom of speech. Henceforth Mr. Gell, who has now found his vocation, will continue in his office of self-constituted adviser to His Excellency the Governor, and tkroagh him . rule this misguided country, which really wants a mighty intellect to manage it. One .^Ministry has been called the mollosca Ministry, Mr. Gell's Cabinet should be entitled . sthe gellatine Government. A FAUX PAS. Now Mr. Gell, we know yon well, Tour fetature's not gigantic, And Mr. Gell, your speeches tell That you are not romantic. You make a speech beyond your rea^h, Your foot is often in it. You're often so sjtol apropos, With faux pas every minute. -i That Mr. Gell, we ne'er cantell When it is safe to let you , Seal with a speech, lest you might pmeli Wrong lines to those whoVe met jcn. . Onr Governor, he sought your shore, < To drink health to the Bay, Sir; . But Mr. G., you'd not let be; The topics of the day, Sir. . Yoq raised a print, pot oat of joint. By people far more wise, Sir ? And Mr.. Gell, 'twould be as well; If you would not surmise, Sir. •, Xou mfeht conclude its very rude To .rake np thine* like thit, Sir; \- The ghost was laid without y onr aid, In fact, your point fell fiat, Sir: > Bnt purse jof silk, or of that Ok, Yon may have chanced t» bear, Sir, V.Was sever .spun, or ever date, From any sow's long ear, Sir. ,-So Mr. GelL just give a spell To your tfnruly tongue, Gell, >And e'er you speak, think for a week, And then keap in the bong, Gell. 