THE coMvrqrs BRIDE. A ROMANCE OF ENGLAND « AND AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FACT. CHAPTER IV. (Continued.) By FRANCIS °aTbuBIVAGE, authob of "The Brother's Secret," « A lost Mf e » * Foiiteiroy," »t c . " Indeed 1" she exclaimed, with visible emotion. "Yes," he continued: "I shall not see that fair face for many a long day." " If you are detaining me to repeat compli- . ments I must leave you," she said. "Mine is no common-place gallantry," he answered, " though you have chosen to treat it as such. I love you with the whole force of my soul." " Yet report says, my lord, that you led a wild life in London.' „ "Idid. I plunged into dissipation to try to forget you." "And you are going away to try the same remedy again ?" " Not so, by heaven 1 My love for you has purified my nature. I will never again do anything that yon would disapprove, for I love you—love you as much as you hate IBC." " Hate you—you I" she cried, and she raised her beautiful eyes to heaven as she spoke. " How can you be so cruel ? Alas 1 what have I said?" "Do I really hear aright?" oried Lord Herbert, seizing her hand. "Is it possible that you do not spurn me—that you give me hope?" Jeannette withdrew her hand. *' I give you no hope," she said. " I only ask you to let me go—to pity me. Farewell I farewell forever 1 If you have any regard for me, you will grant me one boon —forget me." "Forget you 1" he echoed, and was proceeding to declare the ntter impossibility of obeying her, bnt she was gone, speeding toward the hall at-a rate that forbade pursuit, even if he had attempted to follow her flying footsteps. The next day he was on his way to London with Graves, thence to Folkestone, and midnight found them tossing on the chanuel, in company with a number of other travelling victims. "Mo led," said Graves,in an interval of pause from the agonies of sea-sickness, " 'ad I hanticipated each 'orrors as this, I should have presumed to hadvise going to the Continent by land." Poor Graves' geographical knowledge was extremely limited. They arrived in Parisat a critical moment. Louis Phillippe in his dotage had defied the popular will, and a political volcano was on the eve of explosion. Lord Herbert had read the signs of the coming , convulsion, bat poor Graves, happily ignorant of French, was unaware that the atmosphere was so electrical. He was waiting orders in his master's parloifone evening. Travelling in company, the formal intercourse of master and man had yielded to something like the familiarity tolerated on the Continent. "Mo Iud," said Graves, "there seems to he some kind of a row going on in the Btreets." " Yes *, a very uncommon land of a row." "A largenumber of people are singing some-' think or other." "The Marsellaise." " Hand I perceive," continued Graves, " a number of persons with torches heBcorting a cart in which there are bodies. There must 'ave been some kind of a haocident—a 'ouse tumbling down, per'aps." " You are right," replied Lord Herbert: " and the building that has fallen,or is falling, IB the Boyal house of France." " Amazing 1" exclaimed Graves, not at all following his master's drift. Just then there came a rattling crash ia the distance. Graves jumped, "I beg pardon, me led; bat what was that?" "Musketry." " And that screamed the terrified lackey, as a deeper detonation shook the windowpanes. " Cannon. Load my pistols. We'll go down into the street and take a hand in this row." * " Me lad I me lad I" cried the terrified flunkey, " if you'd only hexcuse* my services on this hoccasion." " Load the pistols, blockhead," cried Lord Herbert. Twenty minutes afterwards, " Milord Anglais," warmly welcomed-by the revolutionists, was fighting on a barricade—for just then he was a professed liberal—and Graves, more dead than alive, loading his cavalry pistols as fast as his trembling hands would permit him. "By Jove 1" said Lord Herbert, as he brought down a royal curassier from his saddle, " this is what I call • Beal Life in Paris.'" CHAPTER V, GKETNA GBEEIf. The travels and adventures of Lord Herbert Knightly during a year, the time allotted to his absence, have no bearing on the movement of out narrative, and are, accordingly, omitted. '-i'".'J . At first' the tone of his letters to hismother indicated to that keen-sighted woman that he was ill at ease, and it was evident that he was seeking all sorts of exoitements as. an anodyne for restlessness. Very soon, however, he wrote in high spirits, and the countess felt certain that he was radically cured of his fancy for Jeannette, He was presented at various foreign courts,, and wrote home long letters about the ladies be met in society. From v Vienna he wrote, "There are many lovely woman here, but were Lady Fanny Westover at court, she would outshine them all." This opinion was communicated to the English-beauty, and she thought "perhaps the man loved me a little after all." Still, on the eve of his return, the countess thought it best to give Jeannette an indefinite' leave of absence, supplying her place in the interim. "I hope to recall you very soon, my child," said the countess, kindly, as the girl was leaving. Lord Herbert received a warm welcome at Elwood Hall. He was the picture of ruddy health. Long pedestrian tramps in Switzerland, boar- hunting in the German forests, boating on the Danube,' had developed his muscles and strengthened his constitution. It was a young athlete who grasped the earl's hand and threw hiB arm around his mother's waist. The day after his retarn he noticed, apparently for the first time, the absence cf Jeannette, and commented on it with the utmost indifference. , " Do you know, mother," he said, with a light laugh, "that I once thought the girl was wonderfully pretty. Seeing the smart French servants, though, spoils one for thick English waists and anfcUs." If the countess was delighted to find that her boy came back heart-whole, the earl was equally pleased when he found that, instead of overdrawing his acoount, he had brought back a handeomfr sum, notwithstanding the extent of his travels and the duration of his absence. "D*o you know, father," said the ydang man, " that the example of the foreign nobility teaches one to economize? Lavish expenditure, with them, is a mark of horrible vulgarity. In Franca and Germany we try to find how much pleasure we iS&n; sedbre for a little money; here, how much money we can spend on a little pleasure." One important change in Lord Herbert's domestic arrangements had taken place. Mr. Graves had left his service to aocept the place as head- waiter in a Swiss Hotel. His place had been supplied by a French valet— Mr. Eugene La Fleur—a keen, black- eyed fellow, very sharp and very polite, speaking three or four languages besides Ins own, for he h-ad been a travelling courier. A few days after Lord Herbert's return he started off on a little domestic tour, after whksh he was to settle down in London to read law. Before he left the hall, his father announced to him that he had settled his yearly allowance for the future, agd named-a sum so magnificent as to surprise the heir of Elwood. Soon after leaving the hall, Lord Herbert gave^ certain minute instructions to his confidential valet, and they parted oompany, the young nobleman pursuing his journey alone in a post-chaise, his oourse lying through the northern counties. * » * • <4 _ It was the dusk of evening, and a young girl was seated in a private parlor of a small inn in a northern post-tipwn. She was very plainly dressed but her beauty,as the opposite mirror assured her, stood in need of no adornment. She was evidently expecting some one, for from time to. time she consulted a little Geneva watch which -hung at her waist with signs of impatience. At last her keen ear detected a step on the stair, then nearer in' the hall; the door was flung open; a young man rushed forward, folded her in his arms, kissed her cheeks, lips, and forehead and exclaimed : "Jeannette I my own I my darling 1" "Herbertl my love 1 my life I" " Is this not a dream ?" cried the happy young man, as he seated himself beside her and clasped her hands. " Yon got mv J letter?" _ " I wear it on my heart," Bhe whispered; " and I can repeat every word of it." " And you consent?" "I am wholly yours, Herbert." \- " I only ask for one year of secrecy and seclusion. At the end pf that time I will avow our union in the face of the world, come what may. You are more to me than father, mother, *fortune, rank. I have counted the minutes of my absence." Much more he said in the same strain, and there was a convincing sincerity ,in the tone as well as the. words. Lord Herbert Knightly and Jeannette Wilson had corresponded secretly during the whole period of the former's absence. His first letter had remained unanswered a long time, and expectation had intensified his passion. Then her oool, dilatory reply had produced warmer protestations on his pari; an offer of marriage, which was rejected; a dispairing rejoinder, and then an acceptance on the part of Jeannette, provided the offer was renewed at the expiration of a year. If, in the interim, he changed his mind, and she continued to implore him to forget her, then she released him from every pledge and wonld return all his letters. He had proved constantto his attachment, and now claimed the result of his fidelity. Jeannette had already written to the countess, thanking her for past kindnesses, but declining to return to Elwood Hall. This was a sort of tacit confession of an interest in the young heir, which it was her duty to suppress. She did not send the countess her address. Lord Herbert was determined to make assurance doubly sure. He might still be suspected and watched, and he determined at once to baffle family interference. A postchaise was at the door, and the young couple entered it. La Fleur had been dispatched in advance to secure relays of horses along the northern road, and joined the pair atihe last station on the south of the northern English frontier. The postillions drove as if their employer was pursued, though there was no shadow of danger. Lord Herbert did not draw a free breath until Carlisle was left behind, and glad enough was he when they alighted at the blacksmith's shop in Gretna Green, then the great rendezvous of eloping couples. The blacksmith had a licence to solemnize marriages, and no preliminary formalities were requisite in Scotland. The altar was an anvil—the officiating priest a grimy son of Vulcan. Fortunately he never claimed the privilege of saluting brides; all he cared for was the fee. In this case it was liberal. The blacksmith furnished a certificate—the legal marriage of Herbert Knightly and Jeannette Wilson, and La Fleur endorsed it as a witness. The bridegroom gave this important document to the keeping of the bride. They left Gretna Green man and wife; and their honeymoon began with deception. Returning to London by unfrequented roads, they were registered at all their halting places as Captain and Mrs. James Morton. It was as Mrs. Morton, and not as Lady Kaightly, that the bride, took possession of an elegant little furnished house in St John's Wood, a district in the north-western part of London. At first she was dazzled and delighted with the elegance of the aristocratic box. Lord Herbert had given La Fleur carte blanche as to furnishing it, and the man's Parisian teste had achieved wonders. A coupe and saddle-horse were at her disposal—she had servants at command—she was told she need not economize in her expenditures. But, after all, this was a cage, though a gilded one. Her husband conld only visit her by stealth. She could not make acquaintances-and, indeed, the character of the neighborhood was rather dubious. When she rode in the park she mast be closely veiled. She must observe constant precau- * 10 ? 8 - Though a married woman, she was to lead the life of a cloistered nun. Daring his long weary absences,, she could not be certain how her husband was passing his time—what temptations he might be exposed Siill he was hers. She loved him person- 2-t l 0 T e d |\ 18 r * nk - J*** would soon pass. She would then emerge from obscunty and dazzle the world with her beauty, vindicating her right to move anion* peeresses-te be presentedat eourt. Bright dreams, poor little Jeannette! And there was a romance in her position after aU. To be treated as the fairy of this domestic establishment—to be petted, loved, adored—it was rapturous! The honeymoon was prolonged, and for months Lord Herbert did not seem for a single moment to regret the step he had taken. So the beautiful recluse of St John's Wood Terrace was perfectly happy. A CHAPTER VI. TBQTJBIiE. From the moment when Jeannette broke Wild Kate at Elwood Hull, she had conceived a passion for equestrian exercise. Every fair day she rode in Hyde Park, followed at a respectful distance by a mounted groom. Though her face was hidcea with a thick veil, still the aeganee of her symmetrical form and the dfcrittg style of her riding soon attracted attention. Dandy guardsmen and old clhbmen began to enquire after the feminine enigma. The groom was questioned, cash m hand, but he was mute as the sphinx. Some daring yonng men tracked her to St. John's W&od; Terrace, and there learned that it was a Mrs. Morton who inhabited the elegant little bird-cage in the centre of the block. But the neighboring tradespeople were not communicative about her; all her bille were punctually paid, and that was enough for them. She never made any pur- chases personally. The fair equestrienne became the talk of Rotten Row. Why did she always veil her face ! Some said she was deeply pitted with the small- pox; others that she waa a colored woman ; all sorts of rumors were filing in the air. Even Queen Victoria one day raised her eye glass to her as she passed her in the park. Sir Lionel Lincoln, of the Carleton, made a bet that he would speak to the Anonyma,and even make her lift her veil. Primed with champagne, he rode up to her one day, and accoBted her. " A fine day, madam." Jeannette took no notice of his remark,but touched her bay mare with the whip. The high- spirited animal bounded forward, but the insolent cavalier kept at her bridle rein. He glanced round and saw that a group of his fellow-dandies were watching him. One part of his bet he had already won—he had spoken to the lady; but he had sworn to lift the veil. It floated within reach of his hand and he dared to grasp it. White with passion Jeannette turned in her saddle 8nd lifting her riding-whip dealt the baronet a severe cut across the face. For one moment her own beautiful countenance was revealed. The next instant she had again shrouded it, and was galloping away followed closely by her groom. She did not intend to mention this occurance to her husband, simply resolving to give up her favorite exercise. But the groom imparted ber secret to Lord Herbert, or rather to Captain Morton, as they all called their employer. "You have been insulted to-day, Jeannette," said hiB lordship, "I will avenge you." I have avenged myself, Herbert. The wretch mil carry the mark of my whip for a a fortnight, and I have made him the laughing-stock of his fellows." " But I must have my revenge," said Lord Herbert, darkly. " Ho man shall insult my wife and live." " How will you compass it ? Are yon ready to acknowledge that I am your wife?" " Not yet; but I can quarrel with him on some other pretence—fight him—" "Perhapsfall and leave me alone in the world.' No, no, Herbert, you love me too well for that. There is but one way to end these difficulties; present me to your father as your wife; proclaim to the world who and what I am." " You forgat that our secret was to b9 kept for a year." " I agreed to that, dearest; but why not anticipate the avowal ?" " Do not press me," replied Lord Herbert, gloomily. "Iam not ready yet." At that moment an altercation was heard in the lower hall, and a harsh voice exclaimed : "I must and will see the lady of the house." "Let me go down," said Jeannette,turning pale. Some importunate beggar; I will soon get rid of him." " But the man seems to be insolent." " I can deal with him, dearest; I entreat you to let me manage this." She ran down Btairs. A shabby roughlooking man who had forced his way past the lackey, stood holding the servant by the collar. The moment he saw Jeannette, he said, in a familiar tone: «• Call yopr car off. He pretended that I- had no right to enter your house." "He comes on business, George," said Jeannette to the wondering servant. You can leave us." She was pale as death, and so agitated, that she could not speak, but she beckoned* the strange visitor into a side room and mutely invited him to take a seat. "You've kept yourself confounded secret of late, Jeannette." said the man, scowling at her. " Thought you'd throw me off the scent, eh 1 But I was standing by the park railings this afternoon, and caught a glimpse of your face while you was h&vzrfg; a row with your beau and cutting him across the eyes." " You saw me chastising a villain 1" " I saw what I saw. Well, you seem to be comfortably settled here—quite the lady. A fine house—fine clothes—while I—•' He looked down at his shabby garments, and uttered something like a snarl of rage. " I was not aware that you were in distress," said Jeannette, who was trembling violently. " I am sure I §m ready to assist you," and she placed her parse in his hands. " I've heard the parson say the wages of sin is death,"' said the man, weighing the purse in his hand and gloating on the guineas that glittered through the silken meshes "but I say that the wages of sin are fine clothes, meat, and drink. Don't you find it so, Jeannette ?" t ; I do not understand you," answered Jeannette, blashing scarlet. *« Why, how do you come by these luxuries that surround you ? What are you doing bere ? Mind, I don't come here to blame you, but to share." - < " I am here," replied Jeannette, a because my hugfeand hag hired this house fox me. I am surrounded by luxuries because my husband is generous." « " I should like to set my eyes upon that generous chap," said the man,with a drunken laugh. " Very well, sir, you can do it," said Lord Herbert, entering the room. "I am this lady's husband—Captain James Morton." "My dear brother-in-law," said the intruder, offering him a dirty hand, " I am happy to make your acquaintance." Lord Herbert bent an inquiring look on his wife. " This is my brother Thomas," she said, casting down her eyes—"4he only relative I have on earth." *" I've had hard luck, captain," said Mr. Thomas Wilson, throwing himself in a damask chair; " bat I am a gentleman, every inch 1" and he clinched the assertion with an oath. " I'm a jack-of-all-trades, but I never could make both ends meet. As I before remarked, I'm very glad to make your acquaintance, and—and—and wish you many returns of the same happy occasion. F^r three weeks, my dear sir, I haven't known where to lay my head; now, I suppose you've got a room and bed at my service here." Lard Harbert signaled to his wife to leave them alone, and she quickly withdrew. " There is no room for you, here," said Lord Herbert, firmly. "Whan I married your sister I was not aware of your existence. When I married your sister, I had no idea of endorsing her family. This is my house, and I must tell you, sir, that its doors will be shut against you. Why, you can well imagine. You must have been begging money of your sister, I suppose. " No, captain—a gentleman cannot condescend to beg; but she very politely re- quested me to accept this trifle," and he held up the well filled puree Jeannette had given him. " Very well," said Lord Herbert, " I will add to the amount. Here is a twenty-pound note. Now you are in funds. Get yourself decent clothes, and look out for some honest employment. I see the rock you stumble on is intemperance. Avoid it. What I give you is burdened with this condition—that ycu are not to annoy your sister by coming here. If you violate the agreement, I shall know how to punish you." While Lord Herbert was speaking Wilson w&s; scanning him from head to foot, as if imprinting every lineament on his memory. " Very good, captain," he said, at last. "Hand me over the Mirny—I accept the terms. C I will never call here without your permission. I will get myself a decent rigout, and the rest of the money shall be— jadioiously invested, I will do no discredit to my genteel brother-in-law. Sorry my engagements will not permit me to stay and take sapper with you. My compliments to my sister! * Au revoir, captain. We shall certainly meet again." " Heaven forbid t" thought Lord Herbert, as be bowed the vagabond out of the house. " I have got rid of him," said he, as he rejoined his wife. " He will not trouble you again." The name of Thomas Wilson was not again mentioned between them, and Lord Herbert had almost forgotten him, when, strolling one afternoon through Regent street, he cams upon an individual dresBed in the extreme of fashion, with a glass stuck in his eye and a lavender kid glove on the hand which twirled a little cane. " Ah I Captain Morton, delighted to meet you 1" exclaimed this exquisite, who was no other than Thomas Wilson, as he extended his hand. Had Lord Herbert been alone he might have responded, but as he was walking with a young guardsman, he replied, freezingly: "Sir, you are mistaken, I haven't the honor of knowing you." " Ah 1 indeed," said Mr Wilson, staring at him through his glass. " Not Captain Morton! whom then have I the supreme pleasure in addressing ?" Bat Lord Herbert and his friend had already passed on. " Sailing under false colors, eh ?" thought Wilson. "Not Captain Morton! There's double- dealing here. Bat I'll find out who and what you are, or my name's not Tom Wilson." And he turned and stealthily followed the young nobleman and his companion. CHAPTER VII. THE GRAVE AND THE AtTAB, Moath3 rolled on. ' At first not a day passed without lord Herbert visiting his wife. Then came intervals of absence, daring which he did not even write. Of oourse Jeannette knew he was obliged to keep up appearances, to study, to show himself in society, to visit his home. Bat then his .manner changed. He was no longer impassioned. He was often cold and constrained, moody and silent. She would not think at first that he was growing weary of her, but by degrees the conviction forced itself upon her, and preyed upon her very soul. Her cheek grew pale, her eye dim, her beauty faciea. Fatal change 1 for beauty and tenderness were her only weapons. She lacked the accomplishments and the graces which are the birthright of aristocratic ladies, and if her humble charms should desert her, she had no hold on the heart of the man who had stooped from his high station to wed her. Lord Herbert Knightly had indeed failed in more than one respect. He had broken his pledge to his father not to gamble, and he had again exceeded his liberal allowance. He had debts aad duns. His establishment in St. John's Wood Terrace felt the effects of his embarrassments. He alleged to Jeannette unfortunate speculations as the reason for cutailing his domestic expenses, and she cheerfully saw horses and carriages sold, grooms dismissed, and the household reduced to a meagre minimum. Bat it was hard to have to press her husband for money, to meet the grocer's, bakei's and batcher's bills. She knew there was something wrong, dreaded something fatal. Daring the first months of his secret marriage Lord Herbert had avoided society ; now he was at every distinguished ball, concert, picnic, archery meeting. Everywhere he met Lady Fanny Westover. Since their first acquaintance her beauty had ripened into something marvellous, and Ehe was followed by a train of ardent admirers. Bat she distinguished him above all others, and his marked attentions compromised both. Though he never said anything to Jeansette about his social movements, the newspapers, such as the Morning Post, and Court Journal, chronicled them. The fact is, he was leading a wild, desperate4ife, regardless of all consequences. High play and deep drinking divided his night3 with theatres, balls, and dinner parties. He betted on the turf with the varying luck of a follower of fortune. The earl and the countess both became uneaBy about him. They looked on a brilliant marriage as the only means - of saving him, and they already treated Lady Fanny Westover as their future daughter-in-law. Lord Herbert's attentions to her were unmistakable. No honorable man could be so assiduous without giving the object of his addresses and the world to understand that he loved her. Yet Lord Herbert never deliberately purposed to repudiate his marriage with Jeannette. He even, pressed by his father to settle in life, meditated precipitating an avowal, and braving all the consequences, though his first love had long since grown cold, 488 He had long been absent from hiB chambers in the temple, and left no address, and therefore was without hews from his wife; but one night he thought he wonld. pay her a visit. There were reasons why tys should not have been a single day away from her side, but his heart waB now steeled, and he had ignored those reasons. The servant who opened the door said not a word to him. He passed up into the drawing-room, found it empty, and then into the chamber overhead. Jeannette was lying on the bed; beside her a new-born infant. An old nurse, who was present, rose and left the room. * "Ahf yoa have coma at laBt, Herbert!" said Jeannette, in a faint voice. "I was afraid you would come too late." Lord Herbert leaned over. and kissed the white face. He was oonscious- stricken. "Our child—our baby-daughter 1" continned the wife, inclining her head towards the little pink face on the pillow. " You will take care of her—when—I am gone." "Whatdo you mean?" cried Lord Herbert, bending over the couch. " Are you not doing well?" "I—am—dying," murmured the poor woman. " Hush I Herbert. Jt is Heaven's decree. The child—call her Carmeline—it is a fancy of mine. You will not balk my last wish—will you, darling ?" " Jeannette—dearest—live!—live for my sake—for our child's. I will acknowledge you as my wife to-morrow—you have the proof!" " Here 1" she said, touching the bosom of her dress. Then she added: "Give me your hand, deareBt." He took her haxrd ; it was already cold, but the fingers pressed his slightly. He was not made of steel—he was a man, and his tears dropped like rain upon the poor, thin white hand. " Do not weep, dearest," murmured his wife. " Believe,,me. it is belter thus. Kiss me 1 Now good-night I Baby—do not forget." With a wild cry he wrenched his hand from the tightened grasp. He gazed in his wife's face—it was the face of death. Long he sat there in the darkened chamber. After the first burst of human, passionate grief, an awe fell upon him. Then there came a harder feeling, for dissipation, debt, distress, had steeled his heart. " Better thus." he muttered. " It was she who said it. Better to die than to outlive love. And she is dead. That yellow waxen figure was once my poor bright Jeannette! What a soul she had! But is all over now. I am free! She died just in time." He had the nerve, that permaturely hardened man, to fumble in her dress, and take forth the certificate of marriage. It was the little sleeping baby's birthright, and he was robbing both the living and the dead. As he removed the paper, it seemed as if a frown passed over the face of the corpse, but it was only the wavering of the wax light that produced the effect. Lord Herbert opened the paper and made sure that it was genuine. Then he held it in the flame of the candle till the last inch was burnt to ashes. The blaze scorohed his fingers, but he did not feel the pain. I' Good-evening, my lord 1" said a man's voice, that sounded like thunder in the hush of the death-ohamber. "Why do you call me my lord?" asked Herbert, turning on Thomas Wilson. "Because it is respectful, Lord Herbert Knightly," answered the man. He was perfectly sober, and perfectly ccol. " Are you aware whom you are addressing, sir?" " Perfectly. I am speaking to Lord Herbert Knightly, my sister's husband." " Prove what you say." " It is very easy to prove your identity." " But 6he marriage ?" Wilson looked blank. " You do not deny that you were married to yonder dead mother?" "I do deny it, and I challenge you to produce contrary evidence." "You do not deny that your are the father of that child, my lord J" " I do not deny that." " And you propose to abandon the infant ?" "I propose to do'no such thing. Hear me. I have a proposition to make to you. You are needy—so, for the present, am I. But I can command money, when I strain a nerve. Here are a hundred pounds for the funeral expenses ofyour unfortunate sister. As for the child, \ offer you five thousand pounds sterling, to take charge cf it—to adopt and rear it as your own. If you will call at my chambers to-morrow at noon, I will satisfy you as to the payment. I give you five minutes to consider the preposition. Reject it, and I will make an arrangement with a stranger.' Thomas Wilson did not need five minutes to consider. He accepted. The nobleman and adventurer ratified the. bargain by clasping hands over the bed of death. From that moment Lord Herbert did not cast one look upon the face of his dead wife, her whose fair name he had slandered for the sake of her own brother. Without a look at the bed where the silent form of her he had loved lay, he left the room and stole out of the house of death. "To the Carleton 1" he ordered almost fiercely, as he sprang into his cab He was in full evening dress, lavender kids on his hands, a nosegay in his button-hole. He was engaged for a ball at a duchess' that evening, and he meant to keep his appointment. , But first he must have brandy. He drank so deep that one of his acquaintances stood aghast at his recklessness, and remonstrated. " Mind your own affairs, Westley," retorted Lord Herbert; " I can take care of myself." He was as cool, apparently, as if he had swallowed so much water, only the" guests at the duchess' noticed that he was in unusually high spirits. Lady Fanny Westover was his partner in a quadrille. He hung over he after he had conducted her to her seat, where an old dowager, her chaperon, was waiting for her. " Remember, you are mine for the waltz," he whispered. " To-night I monopolize you." The orchestra soon struck up the symphony of one of Lannier' s wildest, most maddening waltzes. " This is something like life-!" he whispered, as she hung on his Bhoulder, and the pace became fast and furious, as a turfman wonld say. " For what is life itself but one long, wild, whirling waltz ? When we have done spinning, we sink into the grave—don't you see? 1 ' 4 1 You talk very strangely to-night," panted Lady Fanny. " Do I ? that is because I am in such high spirits. Yoa know I love you, and now that I feel the pressure pf your hand, your perfumed breath upon my cheek, I am in Paradise. Are you happy ?" " YeB," was the. murmured reply. Suddenly the music stopped. They were alone upon the floor. As he led her to her seat he pressed her hand, and the pressure was returned. " Mine ?" he asked, bending down to catch the reply. " Yours wholly," was the answer, distinct, though low. The accepted suitor of Lady Fanny Westover ! And what about the unburied woman that lay at that moment on the little white bed in St. John's Wood ? Why did that still faoe rise among the blooming cheeks, and the fair forms and the glittering diamonds, and wax-lights of the duchess' ball in Belgravia ? Why ? Why ? There was no accounting for such things; bnt it was possible to drown a ghost in waves of champagne and Burgundy. So Lord Herbert drank, but could not '°Two weeks afterwards there was an aristocratic marriage at St. George's, Hanover square, duly chronicled by Jenkins of-the morning Post, and the bridegroom was Lord Herbert Knightly; the bride, Lady Fanny Westover. The " happy couple" departed immediately after the wedding breakfast, for an extensive tour on the Continent. " Happy ? Of course they w;ere. CHAPTER Vin. THE BAB-MAID OF THE GEOBGE. Years have rolled by. How has-Thomas Wilson performed his duties to his sister 8 child?—duties he was liberally paid toperform. A few words will tell that story. When Wilson came into possession of the five thousand pounds—a little fortune—he really planned turning ovfir a new.leaf. He put the child out to a nurse in the country, and the woman who kept her for a few years reared her well, and treated her not unkindly. In the meanwhile Wilson leased a small public house, the George Inn, in the town of Warwickshire, and for some years did a prosperous business. His own irregular habits were & drawback to the prosperity of the establishment, but then his housekeeper —an old, one-eyed widow, Mrs. Brinton—by her sharp management, rather more than made both ends meet. Wilson gave himself out as a widower, and spoke of his daughter Carmeline. At the George Inn the mail-coach stopped to change horses, and wagonera put up for the night; but that trade was soon ruined by a branch railroad that was *an through the town, so that finally the concern depended principally npon the patronage of the village topers. When matters came to this pass, Wilson thought of bringinghome little Carmeline and making her useful, child as she was. He had a right oi pasturage for a couple of cows and some sheep, and her services in taking care of them would cost' him only herbedandboatd. ' (One day, accordingly, when she was about eight years old, he drove out to the village where she lived, and took her away from her foster-mother. It was a ciruel partings for the woman and child loved each other dearly. {To be conthmcd.') HOW THE WOMEN WENT TO DOVER—1662. The tossing spray of Cocheco's fall Hardened to ice on its rocky wall, As through Dover town, in the chill, gray dawu Three women passed, at the cart tail drawn !, By the meeting house in Salisbury town The sufferers stood, in the red sundown, Bare for the lash ! O, pitying Night, Drop swift thy curtain and hide the sight! With shame in his eye and wrath on his lip, The Salisbury constable dropped his whip. " This warrant means murder foul and red ; Cursed is he who serves it," he said. " Show me the order, and meanwhile strike A blow at your peril !" said Justice Pike. Of all the rulers the land possessed, Wisest and boldest was he, and best. He scoffed at witchcraft; the priest he met As man meets man; his feet he set Beyond his old age, standing upright, Soul-free, with his face to the morning light. He read the warrant: "These convey From our precincts; at every town on the way Give each ten lashes !" "God judge the brute I tread his order under my foot. " Cut loose these poor ones and let them go; Come what will of it, all men shall know No warrant is good, though backcd by the Crown, For whipping women in Salisbury town !" The hearts of the villagers, half released From creed of terror and rule of priest, By a primal instinct owned the right Of human pity in law's despite. For ruth and chivalry only slept His Saxon manhood the yeoman kept; Quicker or slower, the same blood ran In the Cavalier and the Puritan. The Quakers sank on their knees in praise And thanks. A last low sunset blaze Flashed out from under a cloud, and shed A golden glory on each bowed head. The tale is one of «n evil time, When souls were fettered, and thought was crime, And heresy's whisper above its breath Meant shameful scourging and bonds and death What marvel, that hunted and sorely tried, Even woman rebuked and prophesied. And soft words rarely answered back The grim persuasion of whip and rack ! If her cry from the whipping post and jail Pierced sharp as the Ivenite's driven nails. O woman at ease in these happier days, Forbear to judge of thy sister's ways! How much thy beautiful life may owe To her faith and courage thou canst not know Nor how from the paths of thy calm retreat. She smoothed the thorns with her bleeding feet. —John G, Whittier in Atlantic Monthly 