.THU PRCAOMUNT Olr 'A"UtrTER.;~ Mrs."Dodtor' Maxwell1 wfasnt gflowk to1take advantageof the position she now commanded. Allied with Dr. Urwick for offenoe and defence she had,promised to aidl,him; so to speak, it tI an:,independent command inq: Lynmarleigh;l l In other wolds, he hinted about beginning ai lb'i~iness n' oppoitiiod tohis prfesent employer,? a'nd shedaic that, under certain circuimstances,: she could greatly. assist him by introducing hiiis"io her partidular"friehaed, altohgh the greater. part of her income was derived from a the ?sum of money which Dr. George Torronia had paid her for the practice. '* m ': Th fact of the matter was, both individuials had,,as most people have, ulterior objects in w view 'The reader may know them as well'le now as later. Mrs. Maxwell determniajd to marry Dr. Urwick it she failed in catching be Dr. Torrens., On the otherhand,Dr;.Urwick hi had,determinined to marry Mrs. MRaxwell,wh6ose money would enable him to settle down cred; gi itably somewhere else; but be deemed-'tlie period' prematurc as yetto broach the subject;' 'th particularly as he saw through the lady's pre sent pursuit, and failure on her part only with Dr. Torrens would make his'chance a good one. tr Both were agreed upon driving the young m physician from the town if they did not succeed w completely in their first objects but we often find that matters expected never come to pass t -at least, not in exactly the same manner we , wish or plan them. . el Mrs. Maxwell thought that maligning Dr. Toa'rri's character would in:some vwayjled?lt~ the, innocent Gwendolin sending him, to. ,the c right-about, when the course would be 6pen' to her. Dr. Urwick did niot object, .as we have t seen, .to circulate certain evi 'rninbours bf his principal because the flighti of Torrens would p be his gam, not onllyin practice. but he might then more easily win the no loInger infatuated ; 55 .,The only difference between the two treacher oue conspirators was this .:Dr. Urwick's idark eyes had peaetrated the widow's ' little gaen, ti ·bhile.b~e .only'.fa'niod'ipart of h~tis Nf' ithe les the y laid their pireou? heitodtgeirtli~x . and certain London rumiours, emanating from Ii Dr. Urwick chiefly, were to be set in motion, and these having been satisfactorily ?set.afloat, acoup.demain.was to be attempted that very c hour by the widow, anhd while sho ,was sym pathising with poor Gwen, after, her.lover's a departure with her brother, she was aotually. praying to Heaven that the sinful coup de maui might beeome a coup de grace.': ' :'Il . "My poor dear Gwennio," she cooed over her unconscious rival.' " Let mu see':.Thac t Madge is disgracefully long witlh' the tea, ' but yout know it's quite two i'hours!before bmy time; I'll just run downr into tllohe kitchen ai'd' 'see what detainis the hussy. '.Don't iiidmei Il'ee?b ] you.. Be quite still, thare's a -dear. Ah I how; happy,the'doetor will ?Ibe--doit tldi, darling ;Cc I know-I know," and. the pale-haired woman triiped lightly away. . iGwendolin waited five minutes, but noMrs. M.aixwell came up.' Worde still the lover; had a noft' yet returnBed. Nature was roturning its beneficient strength to her. Why should she lie?there .:She was. only a girl, not a' worn washed-out woman lihke-Ah I that was unkind, S and the young widow so attentive to her. Nilarthiless5. she would [get up, for she could lieit..thle twin Roman ponies champing their biteaiid striking their hoofs inpatiently upon theminacadam as if preparatory to anotherflight, and that little street boy would ievei~bo ableI to hold them in. :: \- "Il'll just go to the window and see how .they.are getting on;".and so', being a woman and not the imnmaculate mero heroinoe of a popu S*larz novel, she glanced at the ponies and the I *boy, ahd' gazed over earnestly in the, directioi 'of' thesurgeryain the hope of seeing.' her trueo' "'lb;er'Goorge, return with his magnifideitly ' haiiisome~-not'to say awful faisc itingig biother Fredirick; ' ? . . :.. . " . " Not returning yet,", she said, with aii un accountable sinking of the heart. ;Was this a presentiment of the coming evil I Who knowsl Her,soft, small, neatly-gloved handwas resting 'i 'Mrs. M?ixwell'swriting table, upon 'prhich Sljthya'litter of papers; but away from'thom and I under her very eyes was a lotter;,writte~A4 i the large angular hand some woman effect, and on r the side of that letter lying uppermost was' w~tt~ep , amongst others, her own nnnie.. t I 11t W? ar not golng to excuse the inpulsothatn that made the girl glance again at thie missive.: You.cannot say anything half so severe against Pidole who.read other people's letters as we arre'mnclined to write ; but we are compelled"to :record the truth, and to add that poor Gwei was only a girl, and was punishled for her sin iust as eavesdroppers are generally punished, .' aring no good of themselves. We sub? * join the side of this terrible document withlthei words underlined as they appear in the .original. riYou" Will.perceive the fragment quoted' was -quite' :eoiough to accont fir - the unhappy \- evesits which followed. ': *~.;~r. FrAoMENT OF LETTER. li "c',I am deeply sorry 'for' the fatd of .Miss GwendolinNorthoote,and think ityour duty in; tstifidly to warn her or her parents that Dr' -lTorrens bears the very worst of characterd,' and is always seen with the lowest of people, and often.in comany of tlhait most notori ois" ilndividu, .Frank .Talbot, the actor, ihrse' eaieer line been quite shouking. It iPs qiit- right that Dr.: T. .ran away with--and thwn ruined and deserted-a Miss Fowler, "after which. it is said, hpishot hir brotheriin a ,lduel 'at BJoulogne-or was it 'idippe l. Oie who knows him very well believes he h!dd ia \- wife ali_" -. Here. the document broke off;': Unoon 'soiously Gwendoliun nised it in her hand and . crushed it into a boll. 'She stood for a few moments perfectly erect, pale- faced and' ?Ma donna-like in her,wonderful beauty-a terrible t:d~spair. in the 'most expressive of eyes-the despair of one doomed to worse thanl death. .Thouu,' with a low cry of anguish and horror, S.she. threw the vile paper fronm hec, and s.talked-more like a stage ghost than a young fresh girl-out of the Ielmceforth accursed house. Mechanically lshe ontered the pony ,nhmeton and dlove away, lneaving the expec tant, watchful boy terrified at the sight of her. S She had not gone before Mrs. Maxwell re ,.turned to the parlour. flaibing the crunpled. parper, a sardonie smile piMsCd over her face. \- ,'Lokinimalnignantly through the window after e-. r ryo'nger rival, she cried "My plan has been successful,; the game now must be mine," and she threw the letter in the fireplace, as a knock came to the door. m, She hurried there herself to find Dr. Urwick. ' Dr. Torrens bids me to apologise to you for his unavaidable absence. He bogs you to assure Miss Northcoto-" "She has gone knowing as much as her father knows. She has perused the letter. Must you return at once? Wait for him 'in case he comes over. I skall dress and follow her to make assurance doubly sure." " You are right. Give me a glass of wine, please, and I will go over at once and say that Miss Northcote has gone." . ... "No; he must be delayed. You'll, find wine and brandy in the dining-room I- will be down in a moment." Dr.' Urwick opened the do_,r upposite that of the parlour,, entered, poured out a glass' of raw brandy, and drank it off. `.Then he reL turned to the little lobby on tipto', listeiied peered into the sitting-room, saw a roll of crumpled paper under the" empty fire-grate, picked that up and read it, then puttinmgit into his pocket, lightly returned to the small sideboard in the room over another 'glass.: He chuokled'to himself. " Clever dog, Urwick. When the time? comes now you canput the pressure on her."" " 