V.A.T.C. CAULFIELD CUP MEETING. FIRST DAY. MELBOURNE, Saturday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Owing to the unusually great amount of interest taken in the meeting of the V.A.T.C. the weather signs were carefully read last night and this morning. The day broke with a cloudy sky and the dull light prevailed un til, noon, when the prospect of a fine day was more certain. The grey clouds began to disperse, but gathered again, and heavy rain fell before ;the first race. The attendance at' the course was, however,; a large one, and the first day of the meetiug proved highly -satisfactory. ---The " afternoon - remained showery but not cold. The first race, the Maiden Plate; was won by a-10 to 1 outsider in Newmaster, but in the Handicap Hurdle Race, the public got a leg in with the Bal larat horse, who carriedMr Loughliu’s colors to the front in grand.style, amid loud cheer- ; ing. In the Great-Foal Stakes, Hortense,' who started at 6 to. 1, fairly, romped away. with the prize and' won by four, lengths from the favorite.Yetmari, whose price was 5 to 2. In the last.race, the- Toorak .Handicap, tlie public had a fair amount of money; on the winner, Maddelina. Maiden Plate. - Mr C. Collins’ ch h Newmaster, 3 'yrs, 7st 71b (Bruce) ;- . .. .. ■ .: .. l Mr R. G. Talbot’s b h" Highland Chief, 4 yrs, Bst 61b (O’Brien) .. .. ... ;. .. 2 Mr J. Mitchell'S be Yule Cake, 3 yrs, 7st 71b (T. - Brown) ■ .. .. .. .. .. 8 The other starters were Crown Brand, Ex- Premier, Durirobin, ; Aristocrat, Einpress, Islander, Lord of. .the Manor, Buckley, Menotti, Rouge-et-noir, Lara, Rosmond, Hot -Iron, Crane, The Fobber, Royster'er, and Repose. Latest betting—4 to 1 Menotti, 5 to 1 Lara, 6 toil Highland Chief or Islander, from 10 to 1 others.- The flag fell to a fairly good start, Menotti and Highland Chief, .who had shown some impatience, being the first to get away, with Lara next. Ap proaching the back of the course, Crown. Brand went to the front, with Menotti, Highland Chief and .Lara, in a line taking' second place, while Newmaster was coming up to them in grand -style. Near .the sod wall Newmaster went to the front, but again gave place to Menotti, who led until ap proaching the home turn, when Crown Brand again rriade the ruuning, - and'then' led up to the straight, where Newmaster went to the front, and from this the son of Newmiuster had it his own way, and won easily by half a length. The Fobber was fourth. Time, 1 min. 46 sec. Handicap Hurdle- Race. . Mr M. Louglilin’s b g Huntsman, aged, list 31b (Corrigan) .. .. .. .. :.. l Mr H. Connelly’s b h Bonnie Lad, 4 yrs, flat 111 b (Gardner) .. .. .. ..2 MrT. Chirnsidc’s brh Yet Again, 6 yrs, lost 31b (A. Ferguson) .... .. ... ..3 The other starters were Ocean, Fusee, Revenge, Sinking. Fund, and Greculus Esurieus. Latest betting—2 to 1 Hunts man, 3 to 1 Ocean, 6 to 1 Bonnie Lad or Revenge. A capital start was effected, Huntsman having slightly the advantage, while Sinking Fund and Bonnie Lad were in close attendance, and Greculus Esuriens last. , At the sod wall Revenge had gone to the front,’ and Huntsman dropped into fourth place, while Bonnie Lad and Sinking Fund occupied second and third places respectively. Revenge increased his lead to three lengths along the side, and at the turn into the straight Bonnie Lad and Fusee drew up close in a liue in second place. Huntsman, Yet Again, and Ocean were in a line, with Greculus Esuriens next, and Sink ing Fund last. Coming up the straight, Occau improved, while Huntsman fell, back, and the order past the stand was Revenge (three lengths), Bonnie Lad, Ocean, Fusee, Yet Again, Huntsman, Sinking Fund, and Greculus Esuriens. The favorite now began to go forward again, and at the hill side was running in second place, Revenge still lead ing, and Bonnie Lad,' Ocean, arid Yet Again being together, with Greculus Esuriens and Sinking Fund tailing off.' Revenge increased bis lead to four leugths from Ocean, Hunts man and Yet Again close up. The favorite was now coming forward, and at the turn had a slight lead from Bonnie Lad. Bonnie Lad was on even terms with Huntsman on entering the straight, but the latter then forged aheud, and a splendid race home en sued. Bonnie Lad kept : on Huntsmau’s flauk, andrariagame race, but to no pur pose, and the favorite won after an exciting finish by over a length,.Oceau fourth, Sink ing Fund, Revenge, and Greculus Esuriens finishing in the order named. Time, 3 min. 58i sec.' The Great Foal Stakes. Sir T. Elder’s br f Hortense, 7st 101 b (Campbell) .. 1 Mr J. R. Smith’s eh c Yetman, Bst (Colley) .. t Mr J. H. Hill’s b f Perhaps, 7st 101 b (Fagg) TheJ other starters were Albert, Loddon, Prattler, The Dreamer, Pontifes, Abydos, Epicurean, Lady Lovel, Nectarine, Query, Sumatra, and Christine. Latest betting:—s to 2 Yetman, 6 to 1 Epicurean, Sumatra, or Hortense; 7 to 1 Pontifex, 8 to 1 Perhaps, 12 to 1 Nectarine. The. youngsters were sent away to' a capital start, and Hortense at once rushed to the front, with Epicurean, Perhaps, and Yetman in close attendance. Hortense had a slight lead at the turn, and entering tlie straight Epicurean was seen coming very fast on the outside. Yetman’was third, but White’s were out of it. Yetman was now making fast time, and soon came up with Perhaps, but Hortense went away with a strong .lead, and won by four lengths, a dead heat resulting for-second place. Time, 51 sec. - ; The Caulfield Guineas. Hon. W. A. Long’s eh f Maddelina, Bst (Colley) .. 1 Hon. J. White’s b g Volcano, Bst 51b (Hailes) ... 2 Sir W. J. Clarke’a b c First Consul, Bst 51b; (Power) 3 The other stfirters were Donald, Blair gowrie, Retort, Chesham, arid Gadfly. Latest Betting—Even money "Volcano, 5 to 1 Blairgowrie, arid 6 to ■ IMaddelina. After several. breaks, away the flag, fell to a "good start. ' Volcano immediately rushed to the front, followed by Retort, First Consul, Blairgowrie, Chesham, Gadfly,- and Maddelina, in order. Round the back of the course Hailes (on Volcano) was pulling double, and Blairgowrie then went to the front, and Chesham took up third position, Maddelina still being last. Maddelina them began to go forward. At the turn Chesham made a great rush, and passed Volcano, ami Maddeliua came very fast and led--into tlie ‘ straight, when Blairgowrie dropped back, giving place to her companion, who looked very like a winner. Maddelina, however, had the race in hand, and under whip had secured a safe position at the straight running. Chesham here appeared to bore-in.' on Volcano, but came along very fast, and- then collapsed suddenly. The favorite again going into second place at the distance post. First Consul here got on to the firm ground in the middle of the course, arid came with a magnificent rash; Volcano pushed Maddeliua; ,yery closely,'the latter being under the whip. The favorite made a great effort ..towards -.the finish,, but was, unable t 6 r»ch Maddeliuajwhile' First'Con-, fBul_camei-._Bo-iapidly r as ; to»paBB-Blairgowrie,: -whohadruu into third place, like lightning. The" third; horse, came so quickly that at the; “finish;';the, .' distances,, separating; the .placdd liorses' were half a 1 head .between, first , andi Second, ’ and half a‘ length between second, and third.,.' Blairgowrie was fourth’, andChes bam fifth. Time,. 1 min. 46 sec. The Australian Hunters’ Cup. \ .’/ Mr J. O. Inglis’ b g Goldflnder,' aged, lQsb 71b - : (owner) .. ;1 Mr J. Murphy’s b g Union, aged, 12st. (A; M‘Cul ., loch) ............ 2 Mr A. Anderson's g g Abdallah, aged (C. GlasscoclQ .3 .The other starters were Charcoal, Nar rung, Ajax, Curiosity, Goldtop, Cham pagne, ’ Baldy, Salesman, Sara, Bangle, Cotherstone. “ . Latest betting—s to 2 Union,; 4 to 1 Charcoal; 6 to 1 Narrung or Salesman,' 7 to 1 Abdallah or Curiosity, 10 to 1 others. A fairly good start was effected, and Char coal. at once went to the front, followed closely by Narrung. All went safely-over the first two’ fences, but at the third Gold top threw his rider. Union then ! went to the ' front. Charcoal then began' to draw up, and led at the side; Ajax was the next to fall;" Past the stand Charcoal was still leading, with Baldy and' Union next. Cotherstone and Charcoal fell in the next round, and approaching the home turn Gold finder came up fast, and in the straight made a great rush, winning .by a length and' a half; Abdallah a bad third. Time, 5 min.’ 1 sec. ... 1 The Toorak Handicap. Mr J. Tully ns or hMiddlemareh, Bst Sib (Power).. 1 Mr S. Miller’s br g Kichwortb, 6st 81b (Turner) .. 2 Mr S: Martin’s b g Hogmanay, 6st 121 b (Gorry) .. 3 The other, starters were Chuckster, The Ghost, Eagle Grange, Camerine, Medea, Huron, Duke-of Athol,. Ellington, Bonnie. Dodn, ■ Clarendon, Harvester, Voscosa, Moroney, .Midstream, Western, Mustang, Blondiu, Eugenie. Middlemareh was the first .to show in front, with Hogmanay next. Chuckster, later on, went forward, and .Middlemareh dropped into third place, and Hogmanay ran second. Huron also showed up. Middlemareh led into the straight, anil Rich worth then came up, and a good race home resulted in a tolerably easy win for. Middlemareh. Time', 1 min. 47 sec. 