AUNT KETURAH'S VISIT. BY MARY E. BRUSH. Briar Farm, Nov. 18,188—. Dear Nephew,—I now take my pen in hand to inform you that I am well, and hope that you and yours are enjoying the same blessiDg, for which we should be thankful. And to say to you, too, that as my rheumatiz ha'n't bothered me lately, I've thought that I would come and spend a month or so with you this winter. I've got the fall cleanin' done, an' pickles put up an' ketchup made, an' old Deacon Harris's daughter Mandy (she that you used to go to singin' school with) Bays she'll come over an' see to things whilst I'm gone. I've got me a new alapacky, an' fixed over my black silk, an' Mandy has made me two caps. I've been thinkin' of gettin' a new bunnit, but haven't jest made up my mind. So I write this to let you know that you may expect me next week, 'nless something sudden happens to prevent. I shall leave home on Monday morning. Silas Barnes says that the train gits in New York about four in the afternoon. If it tain't convenient, you needn't meet me at the depot, fur I guess I can find my way all right. Yours affectionately, KETURAH HUBBARD. This waB the letter Mr. John Marcy read at the breakfast table one morning, and had it been a bomb-shell it could not have created greater consternation among his fashionable wife and daughters. " To think that she should have taken it into her head to come now of all times ! " the former exclaimed. " And why not now 1 Christmas is a good time for relatives to be together. Aunt Keturah '11 be just on hand for your dinner-party," said her husband, good-naturedly. " That's just like a man ! Dinner-party, indeed ! If it wasn't for that very thing I wouldn't mind so much ! Don't you know, John Marcy, that the people I've invited to my dinner are the mo3t aristocratic in the city ? Just imagine how Mrs. Schuylcr Van llinkle and Miss Katharine Da Knickerbocker will hold up their gold-rimmed eyeglasses when they see your precious Aunt Keturah ! " " Aunt Keturah is just as good as they are ! " was her husband's indignant rejoiner, for he was a kind-hearted man whom city life had not spoiled, nor made forget the friends of his boyhood. " Oh, she may be good enough—I was not talking about that—I wa3 only thinking how our friends would regard her." ' Especially Mr. Talbot," said Adelina, the eldest daughter, a tall, stately brunette, with statuesque features and black curls. " I'm sure I shall be dreadfully mortified ! He's so aristocratic, you know, and Aunt Keturab'll be certain to say or do something that will shock him !" " She makes dreadful blunders in grammar, I know that," observed Maribel, the second Miss Marcy, a short, dumpy little blonde, who always prided herself on her literary attainments. " Well, I don't remember very much about aunty, only that I had a jolly good time when we were on her farm six years ago," said Saidie, the youngest daughter, a brown-eyed lass of eighteen years. "And you haven't got over being atom-boy yet," was her mother's severe remark. "That time, though, I really thought you'd break your neck, climbing cherry trees and hunting for eggs. As for the dresses and aprons you tore—bless me! Old nurse was nearly wild—you were a perfect fright." " Well, there ought to be one boy in the family, and Saidie comes the nearest to it," said her father, pinching her rosy cheeks. " So I guess, mother, that when Aunt Keturah comes you had better turn her over to Saidie and me. We'll manage somehow to entertain her." 'It would be a mercy if you could," his wife replied, with a groan. " But you can't—I know you can't. Old ladies like her aren't very quick to take a hint. She'll be sure to be all over the house, and be in the way just when we most want her to stay in the background." "If she were only wealthy," said Adelina, " why then people would overlook her odd ways— rich folks can afford to be eccentric, you know ; but dear me ! Poor—for that farm of hers can't be worth much—and old-fashioned and ignorant— what shall we do !" "Don't worry so, Adelina, love," said her mother, consolingly. "I will do my best to keep her in her room. It may be that the glitter and strangeness of fashionable life will so daze her, that she'll be glad to be quiet." " Humph ! Aunt Keturah's no fool. You can reckon on that," was Mr. Marcy's gratuitous observation, as he withdrew behind his newspaper. In a few days the aged relative arrived. A short, thin little body, with a nut-brown face, small twinkling black eyes and a shrewd, alert and busy expression on her countenance. She wore an oldfashioned gown, a faded green shawl and a huge, fur-bordered hood. She carried an immense gray squirrel-skin muff, a blue gingham umbrella and a gay carpet bag, The Marcys were first made known of her arrival by a loud altercation she was having with the hackman. "Good heavens!" Maribel exclaimed, as she peeped out from behind the window curtain. " What shall we do ? There are Fitznoodle Highgower and Lauretta Steinberg going down on the other side of the avenue, and they are looking over this way and laughing." " Some of you girls ought to go out and hurry the old woman in before everybody sees her," and Mrs. Marcy, fretfully. " I'm sure I would if it wasn't for my cold." " Well, I sha'n't," said Adelina, decidedly. " And I wouldn't go for the whole world !" added Maribel. But just then the hall-door was flung open and a slight, girlish figure ran down the marble Bteps and out to the sidewalk. " There goes Saidie!" Adelina muttered. " Thank goodneBB! I hope, though, that she will hurry her in and not stop to palaver ! There, for pity sakeB ! If she isn't kissing the old woman ! I'd as soon think of kissing a Bnuff-box! " Outside Aunt Keturah was busily relating her woea. " Saidie, be ye 1 How yon've growd, to be sure ! Glad to see somebody I knowed fore I was cheated and robbed of all I've got by these peBky city fellers ! Charged a dollar fur bringin' my trunk up! I told him twenty- five cents was all it was worth. Silas Barnes is our cartman home and he never charges more'n that! But I 'spose this here feller thought I was from the country and he could swindle me out of " " Nevermind, auntie," Saidie gently interrupted, " You go in out of the cold and I'll settle with the hackman," taking out her little portemonnaie. " Well, all tight, only don't let the critter cheat ye !" Mrs. Marcy soon found that icy manners and pointed suggestions were entirely lost upon Aunt Keturah—the good lady, like Banquo's ghost, would not " down !" Ere twenty-four hours were passed, she had taken a survey of the whole house and interviewed all the servants. She openly proclaimed her admiration of some things and her disapproval of others. The steam apparatus in the cellar was an object of much worry. " The thing would bust—certain true!" The hot and cold water faucets in the bath-room were " handy," but the bath-tub "looked for all the world like a coffin !' was her withering comment. She said " Sir " to black,Creaar when he waited on her at the table, and Thank ye ma'am " to Jane, the prim chambermaid. Christmas morning, however, Mrs. Marcy experienced a feeling of relief, which was perhaps excusable, considering her previously exasperated frame of mind. Aunt Keturah was confined to_her room by an attack of rheumatism. ' Took cold traipsin' round in them big stores yisterday!" said the old lady, fretfully. " I'm real sorry, Marthy Ann, but I'm afraid that I shan't be able to come down to your dinner. It's too bad, for I did want to see some of your friends—especially that ere Mr. Talbot what you say is sparkin' Adelina." ' It is too bad, aunty," said Mrs. Marcy, with unusual sweetness. " But never mind ! I'll have Saidie fix you up a nice dinner, and I dare say that you'll enjoy it almost as if you were down stairs. It isn't always pleasant eating among strangers." "No," dubiously. "But then I was allers a sociable critter !" The afternoon passed quickly. The dinner hour came and so did the guests. Christmas festivities were at thpir height, when suddenly Mrs. Marcy received a shock which nearly made her drop the wine glass she was holding to her lips. There in the doorway, clad in a gay double-gown of red and yellow palm leaves, with a bed blanket wrapped around her, and with her wig all awry on her head, was Aunt Keturah ! " I couldn't stand it no longer 1" cried the old lady, in a Bhrill voice, and with a beaming smile. "I heard you all laughing an' carryin' on, an' lsays to myself, ' Rheumatiz or no rheumatiz, I'll jest go down,' an' so I riz right up an' slipped on my gownd, and pinned on me hair—it's aleetle crooked, han't it Saidie ?—an* crawled down. That 'ere nigger in the hall tried to coax me to go back, but I told him I guessed I knowd what I was about, an' that I was born long 'fore Abraham Lincoln writ his ' 'Mancipation Exclamation'—an'—an' here I be !" Mr. Marcy leaned back in his chair and laughed ; Adelina turned white, and Maribel red, while their mother looked as though she was about to faint, but kind-hearted Saidie, wishing to make the best of the awkward situation, sprang up, saying pleasantly, " Yes, auntie, your hair does need a little fixing. Come with me just a minute." She drew the old lady into an adjoining room, where she persuaded her to exchange the gayflowered gown for a neat black dress and white kerchief and cap. Then, much improved in appearance, Aunt Keturah took her place at the table. " Why on earth didn't you keep her out after you had taken her away—the hateful old thing," Adeline whispered to Saidie. " I wasn't going to make her feel bad by letting her know she wasn't wanted—she's an old woman, you know, and doesn't have many chances tor a good time," was Saidie's low reply. These kind words, though unintended for his ears, were overheard by Mr. Talbot. Fortunately ho was a gentleman in something besides name, and now, with kindly courtesy and genuine interest, he turned to help to entertain the old woman at his Bide. But Mrs. Marcy was not to be comforted by the attention shown her husband's relative. " I feel as though I never wanted to show my face again !" she exclaimed to her daughters that night after her guests had departed. "To think that the old woman should appear, after all—she was a veritable ' skeleton at the feast!' " " Wasn't she a fright till Saidie. fixed her !" Maribel cried hysterically. " And how she did chatter!" said Adelina " She just monopolized Henry Talbot! I couldn't get in a word edgeways ! I suppose he thought it was great fun quizzing her!" " He wasn't quizzing her—he only tried to be kind and polite !" Saidie interrupted, with considerable warmth. " You needn't say anything !" Adelina retorted, angrily. You tried to take up his attention, too ! You a mere chit, to expect to catch him !" But despite Adelina's sarcastic comment, when Henry Talbot called again, his first enquiry was for Aunt Keturah, and when Saidie, who had slipped up stairs to fix the old lady up a little, appeared with her in the parlor, he stepped forward, offering her his arm, and kindly inquiring after her rheumatism. He devoted most of his attention during the evening to Aunt Keturah and Saidie, listening patiently and interestedly to the old lady's conversation, and ignoring her eccentricities and mistakes. And when, as he was leaving, Aunt Keturah said in her shrillest tones, "Thank ye, Mr. Talbot, me and Saidie'11 be all ready when the sleigh comes, so's not to keep ye waiting'," great was the astonishment of Adelina. But this invitation and acceptance on Aunt. Keturah's part for a sleigh ride for herself ancH Saidie waB only the beginning. Henry Talbot's calls were frequent during theremainder of Aunt Keturah's visit, and many were• the plans devised for her entertainment. When the old lady had gone home, and his at- - tentions to Saidie were continued, it was at length announced that the little "chit" had indeed captiviated the proud, aristocratic Henry Talbot. Adelina's disappointment and mortification could 1 not be concealed, and her dislike of Aunt Keturah was increased ten-fold. But that made little difference to Saidie. Mr. Marcy laughed when his wife complained that his Aunt Keturah had destroyed Adelina's prospects, and said : " She did Saidie a good turn, anyway, and I guess Henry Talbot is very glad she made us a visit." " There," he added more gravely, " It will teach Adelina a lesson. Hereafter, I hope she will be more courteous and kind-hearted."— Christian at work. 