PROTECTION AND REVOLUTION IN VICTORIA. Protectionisis in Victoria appear to be aghast at the difficulties which are besetting their best protected industries. Everything that legislation could do to aid the bounties of nature has been done to render the experiment of protection in that colony successful, and yet the irresistible logic of facts is proving that it has been a disastrous failure. Many statesmen and other thinkers had fore- seen this, and had lifted up their warning voices, but had been cried down, and had withdrawn from the controversy, saying to themselves, " Ephrairn is wedded to his idols. Let him alone." Others with more spirit, and like true sons of liberty, had continued to fight the battle of free- dom, and in them the great doctrine of free trade had found indefatigable and uncompromising advocates — worthy disciples and followers of the illustrious Cobden. What is the state of things in Melbourne? Distress and riots, strikes and starvation. Let us look at the best protected industries. We will take for example the boot trade. We learn, from one of the leading journals, that for many months past the boot manufacturing trade of Victoria has been very much depressed, and, as a natural consequence, employers in the various metropolitan and suburban factories have been compelled to reduce the number of their hands, who had been unable again to secure regular work in consequence of the continued depression. The result of this is that a large number of men are now out of employment, and, as many of them are heads of families, a great deal of distress exists. The Bootmakers' Union regarded the position as being so serious that it called a monster meeting to consider it. The Union said :—" It is impossible to over-estimate the importance of the present crisis." The Secretary of the Union, Mr Arthur Fear, admitted that the present state of affairs was decidedly critical for the trade. He stated that there were some 300 hands out of work, and that they had no hope what ever of obtaining employment, as em- ployers all round were reducing hands. He said that the average earnings of the hands would, roughly speaking, be about 35s, the superior hands getting as much as £3 10s per week. In spite of all the pro- tection, in spite of an ad valorem duty of 25 per cent. on boots and shoes, the value of those imported continued to increase, and last year was £109,993. Various expedients have been suggested for reliev- ing the distress. One is, that an unem- ployed fund should be started to afford relief to the most severe cases ; another, that a special levy should be made upon the Union, and a general appeal made towards organisation. In plain unvar- nished language this means that the Unionists are in a state of beggary, and that many of them are so demoralised as to accept alms. The position of the woollen mill - owners and slop- manufacturers — two classes of highly-protected prohibitionists — is not much better. The Melbourne Leader of the 24th ult. says :— " The agitation of the woollen mill-owners for increased protection has created dismay in the camp of the slop-manufacturers, and the conflict of interests involved, calls for the exercise of considerable astuteness on the part of the Government. What will alone save one industry from extinction will, it is alleged, indubitably kill the other, and both are of special importance from the amount of employment which they give, and the capital invested in their promotion. If there were no prin- ciple at stake, the course open would be to adopt the alternative attended with the least loss and inconvenience. That, ac- cording to the statistics furnished, would be perhaps to refuse the request made by the mill-owners. To do so, however, would be to acknowledge that pro- tection, as an experiment, had proved a signal failure where it had everything in its favor. The manufacture of woollen stuffs may be regarded as indigenous. We have the raw material ready to our hands, labor is abundant and reasonable Not- withstanding these favorable conditions, and a 15 per cent. ad valorem duty, our woollen industry has languished, and is now threatened with collapse." This is a pretty large admission for the leading protectionist organ. Even with all the protection they enjoy and other great ad- vantages besides, the Victorian woollen manufacturers cannot compete in their own colony with importers, and are even driven out of other colonial markets, not only by European cloths, but by those of New Zealand manufacture. Even the slop manufacture of Victoria has only proved moderately successful in the hands of importers, and has generally re- sulted in failure when taken up by others. mere are similar protec- tive complications to those above noticed in the businesses of wheat growing and wheat grinding. Farmers enjoy the bless- ing of almost prohibitive duties on imported grain, and millers on imported flour. But then the farmers are not satisfied with this, and demand that the millers shall not grind any but Victorian wheat for Victorian consumers. They want to prevent them from grinding foreign wheat for foreign consumers. Victoria possesses numerous fine flour mills, while milling power is deficient in some of the other colonies, and the Victorian millers could do a very profitable business, employ a large number of hands and circulate much capital for the general good of their own colony without doing the slightest injury to Victorian farmers, if they were allowed to grind foreign wheat in bond and export the flour made from it. Neither the foreign wheat nor the flour made from it would go into consumption in Victoria, and no Victorian producer has a ghost of justification for saying that he is injured by the millers being allowed to grind in bond. The country party, however, is strong, and it wants to have matters so arranged that all flour ex- ported from Victoria shall be made of Victorian wheat. This, unfortunately, cannot be done ; for wheat is high in that colony, and flour made from it cannot be sold at a remunerative price in other markets, and of course as any considerable export of such flour would tend still further to increase the price of wheat, there would be an increasing tendency to make the export of Victorian flour more and more a losing game. Pro- tection in Victoria has even the effect of setting the country millers against those in Melbourne, Those in the country cannot make the grinding of wheat in bond to pay, on account of the cost of carriage, and therefore they are urging that they should be protected against the town millers by preventing the latter from grinding such wheat, and are so far joining with the farmers in the agitation against grinding in bond, though, so far as the general interests of flourmillers are concerned, they are in favor of importing the raw material duty free. Late Melbourne news tells us of riots by members of the Shop Employes Union of yelling, hooting, leering, and stone throwing; of law-abiding citizens and their property being in serious danger ; of inflammatory placards being issued, and of places of business having to be closed and the shutters put up. We read of a deputation of 500 unemployed wait ing at the Public Works Office asking for work. We are told that the Minister ex pressed surprise, and said that he could give no relief, and that the deputation then threatened to wait on him every day. At the same time we learn that there is agitation to prevent the use of Tasmanian stone for the Post Office. Victorian quarrymen and quarry-owners want protection, and care little how much the masons suffer, and the maBons, who coald get plenty of employment if Tas manian stone were allowed to be used, must starve for the present benefit of those who can briug most political weight to bear on the Government. We learn that the apprentices of Messrs. Robi son Brothers have struck, and that the extensive works of those gentlemen are almost at a standstill. The reports are getting worse and worse. Our Satur day's telegrams of the 6th inst. told that ' the unemployed agitation continues. One man stated that his wife and child had died of starvation. Numerous de putations waited on Ministers to-day. Employment is to be found at stone breaking on Monday. Others have been granted railway passes to go up the country. The unemployed agitation is assuming alarmiug proportions. Hun dreds of men are to be met looking for work of any kind. To-day some hundred were marched off to Brunswick, where tea and bread were nerved out. Scores sleep in public gardens, and on thebanke of the river. Should the dispute with the iron masters not be settled, the distress will be very great, and a dangerous state of affairs may arise. Many men are already growing desperate. But notwithstanding the unemployed out cry, the railway department assert that contract prices were never so high, owing to the increased price of labor. Tlie Sea men's Union will hold a meeting on Monday to consider a strike in connection with the proposed reduction of wages.1' To-day then will be a critical day for Victoria. Hundreds of state- paupers are to be employed at stone-breaking— a kind of work that might be good enough for the inmates of Pentridge, but scarcely that which Protectionists promise to those who believe in their system — and the commerce of the colony is to be imperilled by the demoralising poison which has spread even to the seamen. We are far from accusing Protectionists of being in dividually selfish in the common sense of the term, for we know, that taking them all round, there is as much that is good in their human nature as there is in the human nature of Freetraders ; but what we assert and repeat is that the spirit of Protection, or Prohibition is a most intensely selfish and tyrannical one, and that it is the very contradictory of the Sjjiric of freedom, and of the precept that we should do unto others as we would that they should do to us. We say that it is a spirit which sets class against class, and nation again&t; nation ; and that it is tho root of all tvil or original sin. Oh that we could exorcise it ! ^We know, but too well, that it never will be driven out or eradicated. It is too much like 'pusley' for that. Still that will not discourage us, and we shall not grow faint-hearted on that account, but shall — to use General Grant's memorable words — ' continue to fight it out along the whole line if it takes us all the summer.' We shall not let it alone, but shall wage an inextinguishable war with the idol or demon of Protec tectionists. The proposed Government irrigation scheme of Victoria is a work of great magnitude. Victoria is a comparatively small colony ; and looking at the irriga tion scheme in a practical light, it means enlarging her territory. Every acre irri gated is equal to two not ; and in some instances it will more than double the capacity of the land — it will create prolific soil where only unproductive wastes existed before, and make the a; id wilder ness to smile and blossom as the rose. Thus, the visit of Messrs. Deakin and Dow to the United States of America, for the purpose of observing the systems of irrigation in operation there, and also to Mexico for a similar purpose, will be extremely valuable to the ntigh'bouring colony ; for it is upon the information they obtained, and the magnificent results attained by artificial watering in America, that the Victorian scheme ia founded. Those who are acquainted with the interior of Victoria know how severely the drought acts on plains of large extent, and downs composed of splendid soil, but incapable of yielding fruit ia the dry season. They will be better able than the stranger to form an estimate of the magic results of irrigation in that highly-favoured colony. The River Murray, though it is only the boundary line of Victoria, is to be the great source of the proposed irrigation scheme, but other ttreams and tributaries will also be utilised in the general pin poses of the project. The waters of the Murray from its source to the town of Howlong, on the New South Wales side (some W miles below Albury), are to be under the control of a joint commission of the two colonies of New South Wales and Victoria, wlioa'j duties will be to sea that the supply is fairly divided between each — for the former colony has also entered into large irrigation projects. Below How long, eich colony will construct its own works, as far as the South Australian border, the one independent of the other ; how the latter colony will stand affected by the utilisation of the Murray waters in the two eastern colonies, remains a ques tion. The river is the boundary of New South Wale3 and Victoria until it flows into South Australian territory ; and then it continues its onward course for some SOJ miles through the south-east corner of the latter colony, when it empties into the Southern Ocean by an intricate and constantly-shifting channel, which will decidedly be all the worse from a reduced supply of scouring water to keep it open. The land on the banks of the Murray in South Australia; known as the Murray Scrub, consists of a rich alluvial deposit, timbered in many places with large gum trees ; but it is only from half a mile to a mile in width, and ele vated land lies beyond ; so that, for irrigation purposes, the river is of no great value to South Australia. It is perhaps on account of this fact that we have heard so little about the riparian rights of South Australia. Yet there is litt e doubt but that the question of her riparian ownership of the Murray waters will be a very vexed one at some future time, unless definite arrangements are now made to prevent future trouble. The Victorian irrigation scheme is de signed to water all the Northern districts of the colony, including both the Eastern and Western Wiminera districts. Below Howlong the main channel will run at some distance from the bed of the Mur ray, and will serve to irrigate a large tract of country as far as Wahgunyah, and further west. It is then carried almost due south into the Otrens district ; then again turns northward, exteudiug as far as Bundalong, with several subsidiary branches permeating the country east of the Ovens River. Following a zigzag direction mainly west, it throws off three arms across the Murray district, and con tinues its coutse into Broken Creek. North of Benalla will be a reservoir, from which a channel will run down as far as that town, with arms extending through the surrounding agricultural lands. The next portion ot tne scneme embraces a wide area, extending westerly from a pumping station on the Murray, irrigat ing, by means of various channels, the country between the Goulburn River and Broken Creek. The Campaspe district will be watered by a system consisting of one main channel running north near Elmore, and then trendiug westerly. The Gunbower and Loddon district b will have a complete network of canals. The third portion of the scheme pro vides for the irrigation of that arid tract of countiy, the Wimraera diatricts in two divisions. For the Western Plains the water is to be stored in two large reservoirs, one near the Grampians, and the other more southerly, near the head of the Gienelg River. The eastern division will irrigate the country round Gienorcby, which is generally flat for a considerable extent, and suited for agri cultural purposes. As soon as these works are carried out— and it is intended that they shall be carried out at once — the colony of Victoria will be converted into one of the most charming and prolific lands in the world. It would be impossible to over rate the value of irrigation on the rich plains of Australia. Agriculture will receive an extraordinary impetus, and the cultivation of the vine will become an industry of immense magnitude. We wish our Victorian neighbours every success in their noble enterprise, and hope that they will realise the truth of the old heathen aphorism — ' The gods help those who help themselves.' The Key of the Street. — For ways o* overcoming difficulties and ''coming even' with -obstacles, it has .to be admitted the colonial youth is peculiar. This was unmistakably verified by the exploits of a young Launcestonian, 10 years of age, the other evening, who probably, through pre siding at a football meeting which did not rise till a late hour, was given ' the key of the street' when he went home. Fortune, however, which sometimes favors the brave, came to his aid, and placed a ladder in his way. In a twinkling he was or. the roof, and sat, ' with green and yellow melancholy, like Patience on a monument,' but not for long, for the in ventive genius o! the young Bayard was too great to allow him to await there till the dull cold glimmer of the dawn. He hauled the ladder up after him, and, placing it down the chimney, quickly descended, and crept into his hammock unknown and unnoticed. In the morn ing, amongst other things, he had to ex plain the meaning of the two ends of a ladder sticking out of the chimney. Had Mr G. A. Sala come across a ladder when the door was barred against him in mighty London, his charming story of ' The key of the street' would never have been born. being bright, clear, ana sparkling, ana is described by those acquainted with and able to judge of the value of precious stones, to be ' a rare gemV A large stone of the same description and of almost equal quality has 'been very nicely set in gold as a brooch by Kr J. S. Ker , at whose establishment it m iy be seen. Tkain Mesis.— The Right Rev. Dr. Sandford, Bishop of Tasmania, arrived by express from Hobart on Saturday, and left again by the Wt stern train at 3-10 p m. Mr W. Tarleton, Police Magistrate, Hobart, Alderman Button, and Mr J . Coulter, Superintendent of Police, were passengers by the express from Hobart ; Mr Tarleton alighted at Evandale. Mr C. H. Grant. Manager T.M.L. Railway, and Mr J. E. Packer, Secretary to the Treasurer, left for Hobart at 3 p.m. Mr R. J. M'Kenzie (Master Warden), and Mr P. Barrett (Mayor) returned from Hobart by mail train yesterday morniDg. Crcy Footbajx Cltjb -A meeting of the members of the City Football Club was held at vhe City Hotel, St John street, on Saturday night, when there were about 35 members present, Mr J: Ellis (president) occupying the chair. The meeting was called to consider what Hobart team the first twenty of the C.F.C. should meet in the South, and after a little discussion it was finally decided to play the City (Hobart) at Hobart on the 21st inst. Silver medals engraved — 'City Football Club, pre mier followers ' on one side, and an en graving of a footballer on the other side, were presented to Messrs. Roles, Atkins, Murnane, Coogan, and Edwards. A purse of sovereigns was also presented to Mr Coogan for his good all-round play since he has been connected with the club. The medals were very neatly designed, and together with the purse of sovereigns were presented by supporters of the club. Such a substantial mark of approval of the efficiency of a player as shown by the Cily club to its promising members deserves hish nraise. Police Corai. — At the Police Court on Saturday, before Mr G. A. Kemp, Acting Police Magistrate, a man and a woman, aged 62, were each charged with having been drunk on the previous day. The man was fined 5s, and the woman sen tenced to a month's imprisonment. — A charge brought against Rachel Bird by John Griffen, in which the prisoner was charged with having Btolen a pair of blankets and a counterpane, was allowed to be withdrawn, on the application of the complainant. — William M'Culloch was charged on warrant, with having, on 2nd inst., at Campbell Town, obtained a quantity of meat from Hc-ry Viney by false pretences. Sub-Inspsctor Sullivan applied for his remand to gaol for con veyance to Campbell Town, which was granted. Blue Ribbon Meeting. — Another very good meeting in connection with the Gospel temperance work was held at the Wharf Mission Hall on Thursday evening last, though the usual attendance was Brightly marred by the wet weather. Af tei the opening service, spiritedaddresses were given by Messrs. J. B. Clark, R. Master man, and B. Marshall, who presided at the meeting. Recitations were given by Misses More and Craiw, and solos by Miss West, 'Leaning on Thee,' Mrs Heath, 'Beautiful Lmd,'andMr C. Edmunds, 'Everlasting Life.' At the close two cime forward and signed the pledge, and tl e meeting terminated about 9 o'clock. Hope of Imvbuesk, No. 40, 1.O.G.T.— The Lodge assembled on Friday evening, the Gth inst., when the usual business was transacted. The invitation ceremony being concluded, the secretary (tsro. Quinn) read his report, which was re ceived with applause. It showed that several new members were admitted during the past quarter, making a total of over 40 in good standing. The balance sheet was also very satisfactory, showing a good balance in the hands of the treasurer. The following officers were installed by Bro. Steward, L D., assisted by Brothers Allen abd Black :— W.C.T. Bro. Cwif ; W.V.T.. Bro. Brown ; W.S., Bro. Thomas ; W.F.S., Bro. Simmons ; W.T., Bro. Donaldson; W.C., Sister Smith; W.M., Bro. Tracey ; W.T.G., Bro. Duncan ; W.O.G., Bro. Miller ; W.A.S., Sister Blair ; W.D.M., Sister Davis ; P.W.C.T., Bro. Parker. Invita tions have been sent to the other Lodges f,,r them to pay a fraternal visit to this Lodge on Friday evening next, the 13th, and it ia h,-pt-d a goodly number will re.-]i 'i.d to the invitation v n-ic Desertion. — A man named Ri'l.i C. .ike was arrested on warrant y..-.!(.'i\\!ay and placed in the lock-up, char^id .will having deserted his wife in Lau.cuatou in March last. He will be dealt with at the Police Court this morning. Poli e Cases.— Upon enquiry at the Police Station last night, we found that six persons were locked up. for drunken ntss, and a tqan for indecent exposure. They will all appear before the Bench this morning to answer their charges. ' Kings may be blest, Lut Tam was glorious O'er a' the ills of life victorious.' Many of the ' ills of life' may be very much curtailed by the use of. Daily's Liver and ood Mixture^ Gaslight Exhibition. — On Saturday evening last a brilliant exhibition of the latest and nwat novel kinds nf «.i3 finings was held at Mr F. G. Duii's establish ment, Charle3-street, and attracted the attention of a very large number of people. Mr Broun, tupeiiuteiidunt of the fitting department of the (Jas Com pany, was in attendanc?, and assisted Mr Duff in the display. Amongst the large group of lamps, stoves, etc., we noticed half a dczen Weuham lamps of different sizes, similar to those used in this office, one burning 18ft per hour, and giving a light equal to 300 candle-power. There was a handsome collection of self lighting, table, and reading lamps, some of which were fitted with exquisitely - painted Christiana globes and shades, and as all were lit up, the effect was charming in the extreme. Cooking and heating stoves of various designs were arranged with excellent effect, those made at the Laun ceston Gas Company's works being much admired. Included in the collection were samples of instantaneous water-heaters, including patent clothes drier and airer, sad-iron holders and heaters for smooth ing-irons, etc. The Great Walking Match.— To-day Mr C. A. Harriman, who anived pers.s. Flinders on Friday last from Melbourne, commences to resume training for the great walking contest between Scott, of Dunedin, and himself. The Pavilion, Town Park, has bean secured for a week, and the walk commences on Monday morning, August 23. i*rom the Mel bourne Sportsman, of May 10 we clip the following paragraph, which is a por tion of an account of a long interview which the editor had with the champion : —On Friday morning. May 14, the San Francisco mail boat Mararoa arrived at Sydney. Among the passengers was C. A. Harriman, the champion heel-and-toe walker of the world. This, by-the-bye, is no empty title, for it has been earned with an unbeaten American record of 530 miles. On one occasion, too, he walked 121 miles 385 yardB without a rest, a performance the only one near to which was that of Peter Crossland, with 120 miles 1560 yards. Immediately on his arrival in Sydney Mr Harriinau was telegraphed to and invited to come over to Melbourne. He accepted the invita tion, and came over in the Burrumbeet. The writer was one of the first on board, and had no difficulty in picking the American champion out. He is a tall, smart-looking fellow, standing C feet 1 inch, and weighing about 13st 41b. He has a quiet, taking style, and gives one a hearty grip of the hand that betokens his friendliness, and a ' Glad to meet you' delivered with ' a strong American cousin' twang. Mr Harriman comes over expressly to make a match, fair heel and-toe walking, for 142 hours, with the best men Australia can produce. He doesn't care to have anything to do with 12 hours' a day matches, as his long ex perience proves to him ' there is nothing in them. No b. t h k a k Tasmania Podxxry Society.— From the sec. of theKVT.P.S., Mr J. S. Bradshaw, we have received the prize list of the annual exhibition of poultry, pigeons, cage birds, and dairy produce which ib to be held at the Town Park Pavilion, on Wednesday and Thurs day, Sept. 15 and 1G. The catalogue this year is decidedly the best that has been arranged, as no class has been left out. every one having a fair share of special favors. There are this year 138 special prizes, against 121 last year, and of these 71 are alloted to the poultry section, 24 to pigeons, 21 to cage and singing birds, and 22 to dairy produce. His Excellency the Governor has given 3 guinea prize, to be awarded the most successful exhibitor in dairy pioduce, and Mr W. A. Webb, of Melbourne, has also given a 3 gurnet s to ba awarded as follows :— 2 guineas as first, and one guinea as second prize for bacon. Included in the list of special prizes is a trophy offered by Messrs. Agnew aiid Co., of Melbourne for the best silver spangled Poland/3 (adults),. and a guinea promised by Mr B. M'Auley, of Hobart, for the best mealy or buff Belgian canary cock (adult). We are glad to learn that most of the business people and a number of private residents of Launceston and the country districts (have also promised special prizes, and the committee wishing to encourage anything for the general good have offered specials for butter made from cream obtained by the De Laval Separator. Pigeon fanciers have also been specially considered, as a homing match from Campbell Town has been arranged. Ltctcbe on Missiokabt Wokk or India. — To-night the Kev. G. Kerry will deliver a lecture on mitsionary work in India in the Temple, . Wellington-street, commencing at 7'30. The Rev. Mr Kerry has be?n connected with this kind of work in India for over 30 years, and is therefore well able to give some interest ing sketches of its growth in that country, especially in Calcutta and other large towns, where it is in a prosperous state. Mrs Kerry will also address the meeting on the Zenana mission. Chambers. — The following business was brought before Mr R. J. Beadon, Deputy Commissioner in Bankruptcy, in Cham bers, on Saturday : — Mr W. Croft, on behalf of Mr W. H. Westbrook (llessis. W. T. Be'l and Co.). applied to have Mr J. J. Rumpff aprointed receiver in the bankrupt estate of Ed. Smith, of Breadal rane. His Honor granted the application. In the estate of Charles Fairclough, Mr A. H. Davis applied for a rejection of the claim of the debtor's father, who is resi dent in England. His Honor directed that notice by letter should be sent to the claimant, returnable in six months. On the application of Mr A. H. Davis, who appeared- for Mr John Dunning, Robert Alston Murray, of Emu Bay, was adjudi cated a bankrupt. Town Impkovemest —The committee of the Workman's Club met on Friday evening last to open tenders for additions to the building, when the following were received : — T . Dal in, £255 ; E. H. Biker, £24C ; J. and T. Gunn, £239 ; J. Hackford, £227 ; W. Hoyle, £197 10s ; J. T. Farniilo, £179. Mr Farmilo's tender was accepttd, and the contract signed on Saturday evening, the building to be completed on or before the 31st October! The additions consist of new billiard-room, with lantern light over and other fittings. The plans and specifica tions have been p epared by Messrs. H. Conway and Son, architects, who are going to supervise the building, doing the who'e free of charge, in order to assist the club for the benefit of the working man. Caeeick Rabbit Coursing Clttb.— An advertisement in another column states'that the first meeting of the above Coursing Club, will be held at Carrick on Saturday, the 21st inst. The programme consists of two stakes, one for an un limited number of fox terriers, and the other for an unlimited number of grey hounds. Entries close with the secretary, Prince of Wales Hotel, Carrick, on Tues dav the 17th inst., at 8 p.m. The Hospital.— Richard Wharton (80) was run over by a chaise cart on the Hobart Road on Saturday, and sustained a fracture of the ribB. He was removed to the hospital and treated as an out patient. The Fate op the Eably Bieb.— Enemies of early rising will be delighted to hear the opinion of a German doctor, who has been collecting information about the habits of long-lived persons, and finds that the majority of long-livers indulged m late hours. At least eulit out often persons over 80 never went to bed till well into the small hours, and did not get up again till late in the day. Indeed, he considers that getting up early tends to exhaust physical power and to shorten life, while the so-callel invigorating early hours are, he thinks, apt to produce lassi tude, and are positively dangerous io some constitutions. Dyspepsia, biliousness nervousness, and miserableness, all cured with Hop Bittere. Genuine made by American Co, See In-tf.p.colosial Items. — In the Banco Ciurt, Sydney, on August 3, the applica tion to mike absolute a rule nh.i prohibit ing the Marine Board from further examining Captain Webber and Ja-nes Fotheringham in connection with the inquiry into the wreck of the Ly-ee-inoon, on the ground that a charge of man slaughter was pending against them, was dismissed.— The payment of the first dividend by the Commercial Bank of South Australia commenced on August 3. About 800 cheques, representing over £319,000, were paid over the counter, leaving £110,000 yet to be distributed.— The Mullingawarrina Station, N.S.W , was considered by the Bourke Appraise ment Court on July 26. The manager deposed that the station during the last drought lost over 7000 head of cattle and 22,000 sheep. — xhe property of the Central Meat Works was offered at auc tion, at Rockhampton, Q , on August 2. There was a large attendance. The Union Bank bid £28,000, at which figure the property was passed in. — Owing to the scarcity of feed in Riverina, N.S.W., caused by the drought, large quantities of chaff hare been imported from the Uorth-Eastem districts of Vic toria. A return just compiled Bhows that the total quantity imported in May, June, and July amounted to 2200 tons, against 20 tons during the corresponding period of last year. — It is reported that the pro prietors of the Mount Pleasant and Kembla mines, Wollongong, N.S.W., intend to fight out the present dispute with the miners to the bitter end. The ostensible cause of the Mount Pleasant ' dispute is the discharge of two men. The miners asked the proprietors to give a reason. They refused, and the men struck. The company has now issued writs of ejectment on 40 men occupying their houses. Abnut 500 men and boys are now out of work. Public opinion in the district is strongly opposed to the action of the miners. TONG-DISTANCE TELEPHONY. —At tlie meeting of the Society of Telegraph En gineers and Electricians held recently Mr W. H. Preece, F.R S., read a paper on 'Long-distance Telephony.' The paper dealt with the question of working at a distance between town and town for commercial purposes, as distinguished ; from mere distance-speaking with the* view of seeing how far one could speak. Speech had been transmitted over 1000 miles of open wire, but it was difficult to speak over 20 miles of cable. The de velopment of telephones in the United States has been enormous. ' At the present time 325,574 instruments Were in use, while in England there are only 13,000. London was not even the chief centre in Europe. Berlin exceeded it, while Stockholm had nearly as many subscribers. New York and its neigh borhood alone had as many instruments as the United Kingdom. The disturb ances to which telephones -me liable, and their remedies, were fully detailed in the ' '' paper. Speech was now perfectly prac- '- '? tical to distances of 100 miles. Inter urban connections in the United States : were very extensive, from the 42,401 miles of wire, and they earned 538,000 dob. a year. The longest distances were about 100 miles ; the toll was 25 - ' cents., or Is, for five minutes' con versation. This business did not ray of itself, but it paid indirectly by attracting subscribers to local exchanges. The greatest development of the -system in this kingdom had been in Lancashire, and also in the neighborhood of Glasgow, where the local telephone companies had been very enterprising. In Europe it had been principally adopted in Belgium, where all the large centres were in com munication with each other on M. Van Rysselberghe's system, which utilised the telegraphic circuits for the pur pose. The Post Office had carried out a very large inter-urban system in the neighborhood of Newcastle, and in South Wales very great improvements had been effected. -The author remarked strongly ; on the policy that had restricted so closely the development of telephony in England, and expressed theopinion thatif it had been under the control of the PcstJOffice there would have been a very different tale to tell. : The Pbikce Consort and 'Hodge- Podge '—During one of the earlier visits of the Royal Family at Balmoral, the late Prince Consort, dressed in a very simple manner, was crossing one of the Scotch lakes in a steamer. He was curious to nc te everything relating to the manage ment of the vessel, and among other things the cooking. Approaching the ' galley,' where a brawny Highlander was attending to the culinary matters, he was attracted by the savoury odors of a' compound known by Scotchmen as *' hodge- podge,' which the Highlander was preparing 'What is that ''asked the Prince, who was not known to the cook. ' Hodge podge, sir,' was the reply. 'How is it made ?' was the next question. ' Why, there's mutton intil't, and turnips intil'r, and carrots intil't, and ? -.' ' Yes, yes,' said the Prince, who bad not learnt that ' intil't' meant 'into it,' 'but what is intil't ?' ' Why, there's mutton intil't, and turnips intil't, and carrots intil't and ? . 'Yes, I see; but what is * iutii't ?' ' The man looked at him, ant*, seeing that the Prince was serious, he re plied, ' There's mutton intil't, and turnips intil't, and ? .' 'Yes, certainly, I know, urged the enquirer ; 'but what is 1 intil't— intil't V ' ' Why,' yelled the 'Highlander, brandishing his big spoon, ' am I na tellin' ye what's intil't ? There's mutton intil't, and ? .' Here the ? ' interview was brought to a close by one of the Prince's suite, who stepped in to explain matters to the Highlander, who opened his mouth wide with stupid wonder at the possibility that a wise man like himself should not at once have known that it was the Prince. Taking the Shine Out.— Two ladies who once lived in Cheltenham were social rivals. They were on visiting terms, but devoted much of their time to considering how they could surpass each other in the ' richness and elaboration of their houses and raiment. In the progress of this pleasing rivalry Mrs A. gave a grand 'At Home,' at which she appeared in anew : gown of a very fine and wonderful tex ture, which quite surpassed anything that had ever been made into a dress for a Cheltenham lady in the whole history of that remarkable town. Everybody saw the incomparable dress and marvelled greatly thereat— that is, everybody ex cept the one unconquerable rival, Mrs B who gave an 'At Home' at her own house a fortnight later, to which the same pe ;ple were invited who had attended Mrs A,'s ' At Home.' The astonishment of the latter may be imagined when, on entering Mrs B.'s drawing-room, she be held all the upholstered furniture in the room covered with precisely the same material as that of the dress with which she had startled her friends a fortnight before. In the language of the street, Mrs B. took the shine out of her' that time at least ! COUJSTEY COBItESPONDENTS.— A little boy heard his father talking of a country correspondent, and enquired what a country correspondent was. Father— 'One who writes to the newspapers from a country town.' Boy—' A man ?' Father— 'les.' Boy— 'Does anybody else about here write to the newspapers ?' Father ' Oh yes. but the correspondent gets the credit of it all, and if he does not give a ? ood report of every tea party and niufl.n scramble he gets a wigging, and if uc BIV«» '»u Kooa a report of it somebody else blames him, while others blame him if he reports it at all.' Boy—' And does lie report about naughty boys.' Father — ' No, not often, or he would get into trouble with the mothers.' Boy—' Poor mau, I suppose if he reported that all the boys ;in the place were good, that would do' Father-' It might please tl:e people, but would not be true.' Boy— ' ^ ell, I shan't be a correspondent when m a man.' Mb. John Ruskik's Views on Church Building. — The following characteristic letter was written by Mr John Ruskin, the eminent art critic, in reply to a circular asking him to subscribe to pay off the debt upon Duke-street Chapel, Rich mond : — ' Brantwood, Cjnistin, Lanca shire, 19th May, 188G. Sir,— I am soornfully amused at your appeal to me, of all people in the world the precisely least likely to give you a farthing ! My first word to all men and boys who care to hear me is, ' Don't get into debt. Starve and go to heaven — but don't borrow. Try first begging— I don't mind, if it's really needful, stealing ! But don't buy things you can't pay for !' And of all manner of debtors, pious people building churches they can't pay for, are the most detectable nonsense to me. Can't you preach and pray behind the hedges— or in a sandpit— or a coal-hole— first ? And of all manner of churches thus idiotically built, iron churches are the damnablest to me. And of all the sects of believers in any ruling spirit— Hindoos, Turks, Feather Idolaters, and Mumbo Jumbo Log and Fire Wor shippers — who want churches, your modern English Evangelical sect is the most absurd, and entirely objectionable and unendurable to me ! All which they might very easily have found out from my books — any other sort of sect would — before bothering me to write it to them. Ever, nevertheless, and in all this saying, your faithful servant, John Ruskin.' Imtortat-t Find of Cannel Coal. — For the last two or three years sinking operations have been carried on by the Darcey Lever Coal Company, near Bolton, Lancashire, for the purpose of proving the lower coal measures, and of reachinga thick seam of cannel, which was believed to ex ist. These operations, which have been carried out under tie supervision of Mr Miles Settle, the managing director, and whose name has recently been prominently before our readers as the Inventor of a new water cartridge, were brought to a successful issue last week, when the cannel, to which a tunnel had previously been driven on the rise, was reached by sinking at a dtpth of 366 yards. The seam, which is 3ft thick, and of excellent quality, haa been proved to exist over about 70 Cheshire acres, and is expected to yield about a million tons. This cannel, which has been worked by the company at another colliery for the last three years, is being supplied to some of the principal gasworks in Lancashire. ' The usual monthly meeting of the members of the Loyal Pride of the North lodge will be held in the lodge-room, Frederick-street, on Wednesday night, at 7 '30. A ploughing match will be held at Bishops bourne on the 22nd September. The proprietor of the St. Mary's Hotel intimates that as he is having six large rooms added to his hotel, he will be able to afford comfortable accommodation to travellers during the coming summer season. Why not? Tasmania has produced the richest tin mine in the world. She possesses a medicine of great value in Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture. It cores fever, coughB, colds, asthma, ague, rheumatics, gout, blood poison ing, and a host of other things. But one trial necessary to prove it Valuable Information. — Do not neglect a cold, however Blight, or seri us results may occnr. Sufferers from coughs, colds, asthma, bronchitis, influenza, sore throat, winter cough, shortness of breath, and other affections of the throat, chest, and lungs, will find instant relief by taking Kowley's Cocgh Emulsion, which will soon effect a permanent cure. Being specially prepared to meet the varying changes of the Australian climate, its action is certain. Try it. Be cautious azainst being put off with any other article. Sold by every respectable Chemist and Storekeeper, and Hatton and Laws, Agents for Tasmania.— [Ad vt.] ' Boms was not bnilt in a day,' and|it|took years of patient study to bring to perfection that excellent cure known as Daily's Liver a nd Blood Mixture, which is unequalled in all diseases arising from the liver. All the Chemists sell it. ' Famliab in their mouths as household words.' Australians will do well to make this saying apply to Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture. Happy will their lot then be, for many of the diseases that distress mankind will nave tie sting taken oat of them. 