LADY FREDERICK'S DIAMONDS. Chambers's Jouhnal. I, Arnold Blake, liave had a queer up and down, checkered sort of lite, and until I was ncaring my fortictli year was most persistently down in my luck. First it was in Mexico that I tried my fortune, and failed. Then, temnted by an enthusiastic friend, I went to Genoa and set up there iu partnership with him as a mer chant. The life was a very healthy and happy one, but not what anyono could call profitable from a pecuuiary point of view — in fact quite tho revorso. After a few years, findiug it im possible, with both ends stretched to tho utter most to make them meet, wo gave that up ; aud I moved on to Nico, whero I had two or or three substantial friends. There things took a turn for tho better, nnd X gradually formed a nicho for myself, in time becoming quite an authority in my own small circle. Then, acting on good advice, I started a branch bank in connection with a well known ono iu Lyn don. This answered fairly well ; I had just as much work as I cared to do, was able to pay my expenses, and had oven begun to lay by a little hoard against the proverbial " rainy day," Nico was a gay, bright town to livo in, and' I constantly met. old frieuds aud made many pleasant new ones, who wcro passing through to tho south, or spending two or three months there, or at Monte Carlo, for the fascinating pleasure of cither losing their own money or making a tidy littlo fortune out of somebody else's pocket. Ono afternoon I was silting in my small counting houso writing for the English mail, when the door opened, and in came an old acquaintance, Sir Frederick O'Connor, with a parcel in his hand. "Howd'yodo, Blake?" said he cheerily. " I've come to you to get mo out of a difliculty. Theso aromy wifo'sjewols. Why she has brought them with her, family diamonds and all, passes my understanding. I call it insano. Fact is I don't relish the idea of waking up soine fino morning to find my throat cut 1 I want to kirow if you will be so good as to keep them in your safe while we aro here. Whenever Lady O'Connor wishos to dazzle her friends with them, I can easily come round and ask you for what she wonts." Naturally, I willingly consented to find a corner for the jewels, and, , after I had taken an inventory of them, Sir Frederick himself placed them in an inner compartment, nnd I locked the door. I littlo thought what a dance those con founded diamonds should lead me I ' A fow days after this, at a large garden party I" met Lady O'Connor, young, ' pretty and happy looking, Sho shook hands cordially. " b, a,, b,.. a. .„h, .. ii i,,;/;?; yon, Mr. Blake, to take caro ofmvvnli i Sir Frederick was qnito in despair about th„ thought suggested you'fe protector. I am going to trouble you for soma of them to-morrow. Fred will call for them aud do not be surprised if you see him brisS with bowio knives and revolvers for 1m i,» " fixed idea that the Nice rum/a' h " 1' Xninteerwpo7dypropertrthau «« I answered that her lovely jewels wcro worthy , of an escort armed to the teeth, S that I was very glad. ndeed to be of use to Sir Frederick and herself in any way Tho morning after this garden 'party— it mnst have been about half-past four or five_my slecnv souses were completely scattered by my door being thrown violently open, and Roscoe, mv combined valet and commissionaire, a quiet and respectful treasure, landing beside me as if shot out of a catapult. I knew at once that some thing very dreadful must have happened Itoscoos face of horror and despair would have made a valuable study for an artist. " Got up, sir, at onco, and come down to tho office. llio safe has been broken open, and cleaned out, sir, quite empty 1 " gasped Roscoe breathlessly, pale with excitement. I cannot recollect what followed durin" tho few minutes in which I hurriedly dressoii! and Boscoo is far too considerate to hare ever rc- minded-mo of that short sceno. The first thing I do remember is, finding mysolt" in my office clothed in a sketchy and uncomfortablo manner tho victim of ono of the most audacious bur glaries that had taken place in Nico for a very long time. I stood gazing at my ransacked safe and rummaged drawers, and at the floor strewn with papers, among which, hero and there, I noticed a few gold pieces, which seemed as if tho robbers had been interrupted or startled in somo way or other. I iwas afraid to move from tho spot on which I stood until the detec tive, whom I bad scut Roscoe off iu ajiacre to fetch, should, arrive, lest I might uu wittingly destroy some small but importaut piece of cvi- dence, which his experienced eyes would dis cover at a glance. In a very short timo ho appeared, and, after a friendly word or two, commenced bis investigations. He carefully examiucd the safe, the window and tho door, nothing seemed to escape him ; took volu minous notes; measured a footmark which ho discovered on the floor ; hut the footmark on further inquiry was found to be his own, which rather put liim out. I told him of tho jewels which had been placed in my care so lately. " Your man informed me, monsienr, as wo came, that you had diamonds of great value in your iron safe." A clammy dew broke out suddenly on my forehead, as I remembered that lady O'Connor was couuting on nppcuriug in those same jewels at the prefecture ball that night. "On the strength of what your servant told me, monsieur, " continued the detective, " I have already telegraphed to Marseilles, Genoa aud Turin, and have directed souicof my most trust worthy men to bo on the alert at "the railway station and the port. I will scud aud let mon sieur know tho moment we get any trace of tho stolen property." I made out a careful list of all I had lost, gave it to tho detective, aud then returned to my rooms to dress iu a rather less superficial manner. The awful business of breaking tho loss of the jewels to Sir Frederick and Lady O'Connor was now staring me in tho face, and as I walked to their hotel I becamo a prey to the most paralysing nervousness I hope it will ever bo my lot to endure. X was shown into a charming sitting room facing the sea, and though X did not look at anythiug round me, except the two people X had come to see, I remembered afterwards every dctuil of tho scene. They were at breakfast The refreshing, sun-warmed morning air breathed softly iu through the open window, scented by tho mig nonette, which grew thickly iu boxes on tho balcony outside. Lady O'Connor looked very graceful and pretty in q long loose gown of somo soft Indian silk, trimmed with lace. Sir Frederick, also in comfortable unconvcutioual garments, was reading aloud a letter, over which they wcro boih laughing merrily as I was announced. They welcomed me warmly, look ing as if early and unexpected visitors were quite a common occurrence, and botweeu tlicm, carried on thonsual preliminary chit-chat about the lovely weather, tho delight of being able to breakfast with the window open in the month of November, the view, &c.;, as long as the ser vant remained iu the room, wliilo 1 stood look ing from ouo to the other, solemnly bowiug my head in silent answer to their cheerful remarks. It is riot necessary to relate what passed; suffice it to say that both Sir Frederick and Lady O'Connor possessed an unusual share of kind ness of heart and of sympathy with other peoples misfortunes, and they endeavored to make my unpleasant position as easy for me as possible. Then followed a week of restless activity. X hauuted the police burcan ; if I was not thcro two or three times a day niyscll, I sent Roscoe to find out for me if any telegrams had atrived on tho all im'portnut subject, auy cluo been fouud to throw tho smallest light upon it. Ouo lovely afternoon, I was walking down the Promenade des Anglais in anything hut a cheer ful frame of miud, iudcod I do not think I ever felt so utterly depressed before. Nothing what ever had been heard of the missing jewels ; and daring a long consultation that morning Aiguucz, the detective, ho had told mo that no firmly believed that tho robbery was tho wors of ono man, and that tho jewels wcro still in Nico. I had. been calling at ono of the pretty villas beyond the Var, and was now making my way down the 6ido of the X'romeaso next the houses, to tho Holel do la filcditcr- raue'e, to talk over Aiguucz's last suggests with Sir Frederick O'Connor. As I was passing tho high solid walla of tho now quite UDU", cemetery, 1 noticed that tho door was ajar ; a expecting to find there old Baroni, tho caretat , whorn l knew, I pushed open tho door an entered. Nobody was thcro : all was silent solitarjr. Hero and there were unlidy heap rubbish tangled, overgrown bushes ; propped against tho walls -were -two or gravestones that had covered graves from the remains haul been removad to some . J vault elsewhere. I could ndt holp how much Baroni received'' for tho a of caro and labor be bestowed on t Euglish burial ground. When my oj <j i BS. were uncommonly sharp ones, had bcco tomcd to tho dark shadows thrown by j. and the brilliant glare whero the shadow :"T7 i noticed that a gravestone lying in «£ a retired spot appeared, by the fresh idling footmarks round it, to have been lately -S t do not think that this circumstance would have roused my curiosity in the then nreoccupied state of my mmd, had itjnot been Sot close besido it a brgc branch of a neighbor- See had been bentdown and fastened firmly /the ground by meansof a stone. This arrested m, attention, it was so evidently intended to tho spot. Exerting all my strength, I hed the heavy stone suite >tly to one side foenable me to see that it concealed a Bmall recently dug, by the look of the mould ouid it It was empty! I managed to ra nked the gravestone, nnd lctt tho cemetery, Lefully closing tho door behind ma, and round to sec if my actions had been I 'hurried on to tho hotel, wondering and coniectnring as to tho possible meaning of tho curious little mystery 1 had just discovered. That small oblong pit, for what purpose conld it have been prepared ? My first idea was that s murder had been or was , about to be com mitted, and in this way it was intended to get rid of the victim's body ; but the hole was certainly not largo enough for a grown per- Mn Was it possible that it was to he the un- blessed, unadorned tomb of some little one done to death by pitiless earthly gnardisns, who found its frail helpless life a burden to them? That was too hideous a fancy. Suddenly, the thought struck me that it might be a biding place for property I By Jove, tho diamonds ! At that moment I reached tho Mediterrauee, and going up the broad stairs three at a time in my excitement, I knocked at the ' door of tho O'Connors' sitting room. Sir Fredorick was alone, smoking, with the last number pf tho World in his hand. " I felt sure that you would come iu this afternoon," he said, aa ho pushed his cigar case towards mo, " so I put off going to the club. — What is the latest intelligence ? ' " I first told him of Aigunez's opinion, that tho jewels were still in Nice, an opinion which hiAaow gained for mo a double significance. Tbon I unfolded my own budget, and told him of all I bad seen in the old cemetery which had been closed for so many years. This put Sir Frederick into the wildest spirits. "We've got them now, Blake 1" ho exclaimed, " and no mistake abontit. They've run themselves into a nice trap. Of course, these are the rascals we're after. What do yon say? Don't set my heart upoa it, in caso of disappointment. Nonsense 1 my doar follow. Don t you see they cannot get rid of diamonds like those in a hurry ; and not being able to leave the town pats them in a regular fix ? It is very dangerous for them to keep such valu able things about them, and now, they flatter themselves that they have found an uncommonly safe hiding place. Why, Fate most have led yon by the very nose to that door this after noon 1" I laughed. "It is as well for ns, perhaps, thatl did not foel her fingers, or things might havo turned out differently. We had better settlo onr plan of action for to-nigbt, as it won't da to let this chance slip. How fortnnato there is no moon. It will be as black as Erebus in side those high walls." " Our best plan," said Sir Frederick, " is, I think, to hide ourselves there as soon as it is dark. We may havo a long time to wait ; hut then, again, we may not, and wo aro much less likely to be observed if we slip in early in the erening." "Then I will call for yon, Sir Frederick, ns soon as it is dark enough," I answered. "And allow mo to suggest that we do not take Aigunez into our confidence, for it will bo a triumph indeed to cut out tho for famed French detective in his own lino of business. " I leit the botel with a lighter heart than I had carried abont with mo for some time. Though I bad cautioned Sir Frederick not to he too sanguine, I was myself convinced that we should have the diamonds in onr possession be fore morning. I went back to my rooms, wrote somo letters, dined and then tried to quiet my excited mind by pacing up and down tho sit ting room, Binoking my usual post prandial cigar, till I thought it was sufficiently dark to venture forth. Tho church clocks wore strik ing ten ns I arrived at tho Mcditcrrando Hotel, and I found Sir Frederick performing the same restless quarter-deck constitutional on tho pave ment outside. " So glad you'vo come, Blake ; I'm anxions to be off now. What is that in your hand ?" "A small lantern," I answered. " Wo shall find it useful." " Got a revolver ?" inquired Sir Frederick in a solemn whispor. "No," I said, in an equally sepulchral voice ; " fists nro my weapons." "Pooh I" returned ho - " Of what use are English fists when you havo an- Italian knife ia your ribs ? — Here wo aro I" The door was exactly as I had left it. There Was not a sign of anybody near ns, bo wo went quickly through, closing it again behind ns. Wc stood for a minute silent, and still, until our oyes hud bocomo more accustomed to tho intense darkness round us ; tlipu wo groped our tray, with two or tbrco stumbles against tomb stones and oyer mounds of cartb, to the spot whoro I faucicd tbo marked stouo must be, and ,Bia, . seconds I discovered it with out doubt, by falling over it. As I was collecting myself . and my scattered senses together again, after this sudden and unpleasant downfall, 1 heard close beside mo a . of muttered excrcrations from Sir Kedenck, who declared, ia an agitated whisper, mat he was sure he had caught a ghost or something very like it. At tho risk of discovery, «.!?vniS lantern, and. for one second throw ao light on tho object ho held in his hands. It was an unusually largo bat, which, disturbed by (i„— ! tu,slon 0,1 '8 own domain, must have uown or dropped on to Sir Frederick from the «i,,ilu ho wra standing. He quickly i ? ' ani without further adventuro wo lii ourselves in some thick bushes near n u.?14,0',. would havo required tho oyes of OTOr u3' hidden as wo wero in the n ? m.ass f evergreens, overgrown with bl of tangled creepers, and the high watehn.? . ®>ere we waited, keenly silent' " 'eaf stirred. A perfectly dead ov" everything, as if . tho fairy of siory of onr childhood held flar 0.J?,ud nnd« her. 'spell. A mouldy, tnv Eld n o V4Pr foso from Use ground at were Mm seem1ed weigh me down as if it soUi- loto f £ Notre-Damo struck 11. Another clock "our went slowly by, and then the into """ffht. I believe I had sunk suddenly.- 01 doze_. whoa every faculty was nly roused by hoaring a soft movement at the door, which was very gently opened. There was a pause, as if the nowcomors were listen ing ; the door was shut, and a lantern shed its nawow streak of light over tho graves at thoir feet One, two, threo dark forms, two of whom carried between them what seemed to bo a hox. Sir Frederick gently nndged me of course thai contained the jewels. They came. quietly to the sido of the mysterious tombstone, aud, setting their burden down on another one close by, they set to work, and quickly moved it to ono sido. I then dis- covered, to my surprise, that tho one that held the lantern was a woman. Their faces were deep in shadow ; I did not once get a glimpse of their features. All their moveinonts were quiet and freo from haste ; they evidently had not tho smallest notion that discovery was possiblo. The two pica carefully laid the box in the hole prepared for it, covered it with mould, and, after replacing the stone stretched themselves, .and held tho lantern aloft, the better to survey their handiwork. It seemed very satisfactory to their female companion, for I distinctly heard her brcatho a sigh of unmis takable relief. They left tho place as quietly as they had como to it, not having, as far nswo knew, spoken a word to each other the whole time. It was onr torn now. As soon as we were quite sure that wo again had this dismal soli tude to ourselves, we emerged from our damp hiding place and shook ourselves into shape, for naturally wo both felt very stiff and nnmb after our long weird vigil. I opened my lantern, aud we began eagerly to undo the work wo had just seen so neatly accomplished. It did not take long to remove the stone and scatter the thin layer of mould. In a fow minutes we had tho — ;u boy's oblong deal play- box, clamped with iron—lying on a tombstone before us, "Open it, Biako," said Sir Frederick. " lacked," I answered as I shook tho lid. ' 1 Take my kuife, " continued tho baronet, as he drew from bis pocket one of tho formidable weapons at which his wife had laughed. It was a common lock and easily forced. As I threw back tho lid, Sir Frederick held up the lantern. " Take them out, Blake, and seo if they are all there ; it will be a wonderful thing if nono aro missing. What on earth is that?" 1 1 It looks to mo liko a dog collar," I answerd, as I shook out a black Cashmere shawl in which was wrapped a silver curb chain with a small silver bell attached to it. " Stolen from somebody else," cried Sir Frederick. " Get on with the rest." . 41 This beats everything," said I, and drew forth a small pale blue garment fashioned liko a horse's body cloth, with a monogram in gold thread at one sido. " It is a dog's coat. And what the deuce is this ?" " A dog 1" wo exclaimed simultaneously. Carefully folded in a piece of soft linen lay the body of a small 6ilky whito, long haired terrier — to judge by all its surroundings, a lady's cherished pet. For a few seconds, disgust aud disappointment kept us silent ; then Sir Frederick broke out into a series of execrations more amusing than effective. We had been befooled by onr own enthusiasm as amateur detectives, aud at first wore angry, but by-and-byo came to see the situation in its more grotesque aspect. After giving vent to onr feelings in a burst of suppressed laughter, wo put the little pet back into his play box coffin, being careful to see that everything was jnst as wc bad fonnd it ; and quickly shovelling the mould and pushing the tombstone over it, we crept out of the old cemetery. Our feelings wero very different from those with which wo had entered it. We were greatly cheered, how- over, on reaching the hotel to find a lino from Aigunez, which had come daring Sir Frederick's absence : " I am on the right track." Wo heard no more for two days, whon the detective re- appeared with a captive, a valet whom Sir Frederick had dismissed before leaving England, who, knowing the great value of the jewels which Lady O'Connor was taking with her, had thonglit it worth his while to follow them, and being a clever band at that sort of work, hod succeeded as we have seen. 