Aunt Parker. CHAPTER XXV. ONLY A KITE. BY B.L. FARJEON. IT was a most cruel revenge. I cannot think of any act more deliberately vindictive. Aunt Parker's last words to me before she left the room were: "I never forfeit my word, when I promised you a cage with a bird in it there was no stipu ation that it should be a live bird. You will find me very faithful in all my dealings. A good example for you to copy. There is your bird. Make the most of it." It was a wicked unnecessary murder. The poor little thing was but just killed, and I felt as if I myself were partly guilty. I shed many tears over it, and kissed the tiny body which, living, would have given me so much joy. I even took it to bed with me in foolish hope that a miracle would occur, and that warmth would bring it to life again. Faithful in all her dealings. She had boasted of it. But to be false to the spirit of a promise is not to be faithful. She carried out her threat of keeping me prisoner for a month—of this she broke neither the letter nor the spirit. Nor did she speak one word to me the whole of that time. She thought it a punishment. She was mistaken. She had filled me so thoroughly with aversion of her that I was happy in her absence, and her silence brought peace to my heart. There are circumstances which happen I hope only to the few, when one is forced to feed upon the inner life. In rare cases this proves a blessing; forces are awakened and brought to light of which beneficial use may be made all through life, in youth and old age alike—forces which otherwise must have remained hidden, wasting their sweetness, as it were. To some extent this was the case with me; the punishments inflicted upon me by Aunt Parker fortified my soul and strengthened my moral nature. My window was a source of joy. Summer was approaching. Aunt Parker could not prevent that, nor could she stop the singing of the birds. I drew gladness from the gladness of nature. The sea, the clouds, the air— I taught myself to be thankful for these. And my books, my mute and priceless treasures, what exquisite pleasure I derived from them! They were real—the characters lived, and became my friends. I read and re-read, and never tired of them. I fell in love — I worshipped. I travelled in fancy over sea and land, through boundless prairies and gorgeous forests; I sat in wigwams with the Indians; I knelt by the side of the bed in which Eva lay dying, and saw angels hovering over her. But best of all, though Uncle Tom and Eva held and enthralled me—(I remember I used to think what a frightful specimen of a slave driver Aunt Parker would have made)—best of all, most enchanting (to me), of all the story books that ever were written, was " Nicholas Nickleby." To this hour it occupies the first place, and nothing can destroy my belief that the magician who wrote it was acquainted with every man and woman whose portraits he drew in its enchanted pages. As I compared Aunt Parker to a slave driver in "Uncle Tom's Cabin," so I found a likeness in Mr. Bathgate to Ralph Nickleby, and something of a likeness in Mad Maxwell to poor Smike. I saw Mad Maxwell often from my window. Sometimes he looked up timidly and wistfully, and then I would smile upon him; at other times he was most careful in avoiding my eye, and by that sign I knew that Aunt Parker was near. I have spoken of a little bit of garden he tended in which only vegetables were allowed to grow, and it was towards the end of the month of my imprisonment that I noticed something which brought a sense of sweetness to my heart. Mad Maxwell was cultivating a few simple flowers, and I know that he was cultivating them for me. Heaven knows where he had got the roots and seeds, but there they were, and in course of time they became bright with colour. I am running ahead a few weeks in speaking of this, but long before the bloom appeared I was aware of the labour of love in which he was engaged, and I tried to make him understand, by signs, how much I appreciated it. Aunt Parker, not suspecting that they were grown for me, did not uproot them, as she would inevitably have done had she had a glimmering of the truth; and thus was she defeated by a silent conspiracy of affection between me and Mad Maxwell. Outside the grounds, as I sat by the window, the most familiar figure was that of the butcher boy who had attracted my attention when Aunt Parker was away. He made his ap pearance two or three times a week, always on horseback, and always with a basket con taining joints of meat hanging on his arm. Having done him an injustice in believing him to be conspiring against me I thought it due to him now not to avoid him by retreating from the window when he came in sight— though how he could know that in the first place I had been unjust to him and now wished to atone for it would certainly not have been very clear to me had I taken the trouble to discuss the matter with myself. I did not discuss it, however; I simply sat at the window and wondered what on earth he meant by looking up at me so pertinaciously and waving a white handkerchief wildly in the air. On two occasions he wore the handkerchief in his cap, so arranging it that as he galloped quickly post the house it floated behind him like a flag. I came to the conclusion that he was a very undesirable boy for any butcher to employ, and thought, if I had an establishment of my own and dealt with his master, that it would be decidedly necessary to request that another boy should be sent home with the meat. There was a sameness about his move ments which rather palled upon me, and it was therefore an agreeable diversion when I saw him one day make his appearance without his horse and basket of meat. He was either playing truant or was out for a holiday, for hanging upon his arm was a kite. A small matter to mention, but, as it turned out, of great importance to me. Chapter XXVI. ALONZO, MY FAITHFUL KNIGHT, DOES ME GOOD SERVICE. HE was a big boy for a kite, for I should have judged him to be not less than sixteen years of age. His height, indeed, would have proclaimed him older; he was lank and lean, but his face had no beard or moustache on it, and there was that kind of uncertainty about his legs which is an attribute of youthfulness. To say that he carried the kite as a lad would carry a toy would not be quite correct; he wore it, rather, in the manner of a shield, throwing it valiantly before his body, after the fashion of a knight of the good old times (in pictures) equipped for mortal combat. His motions, perhaps, lacked dignity and repose, but he was conspicuously in earnest. Upon his first coming into view his left side was towards me, and his kite, being on his right arm, was partially hidden from my sight; but the moment he beheld me at the window he wheeled round, and held his paper shield aloft. Painted upon it in blood-red colour was a name; the letters were bold and distinct, and they spelt "Alonzo." . My astonishment was great, and I could scarcely believe my eyes; but there was no room for doubt. This then was my hero, my Mysterious Being, my Saint George who had vowed fealty to me, and who had pledged his knightly honour to serve me faithfully—this long lank butcher boy, whose trousers were too short for his legs. The ridiculous side of the discovery made such an impression upon me that I burst out laughing. Seeing me laugh, his face broadened also, but very soon grew sombre, as became one of his self-invested dignity. He placed his hand upon his heart—throwing his kite aside to afford me a full view of his waist coat—and bowed almost to the ground. This made me laugh the more, and I was compelled by prudence to retreat from the window, fear ing that either my merriment, which I could scarcely check, or his open movements would draw Aunt Parker's attention upon us. When I returned to the window, after an absence of a few minutes, I observed that he had fixed a tail to the kite and was preparing to fly it. His face expressed satisfaction at my reappearance, and by signs, which I was glad to see were cautiously made, he succeeded in conveying to my understanding some kind of idea that the flying of his kite was not exactly a pastime, but was done with serious intention. This notion, slight at first, grew stronger in the light of his manifest earnestness; he spoke and pointed to the kite. What he said could not, of course, from that distance reach me, but his actions had a meaning in them which I could scarcely mis- understand, and when, taking something out of his pocket, which looked like a letter (though the envelope was astonishingly large), he flaunted it in the air, and proceeded de liberately to fasten it to the kite by means of pins, I knew that he was about to endeavour to communicate with me. I would have dissuaded him if I could, there was such danger in the attempt; indeed I did shake my head at him very emphatically, but he would not be denied. He simply smiled radiantly and confidently, and proceeded with his task. The wind was blowing in the direction of my window, and at a favourable moment he let the kite fly. So skilfully did he manage it that it was soon within reach of my hand, and with a desperate disregard of consequences I stretched out of the window and seized it. In less time than it takes me to write the words I detached the letter, scarcely taking time to unpin it, so eager and excited had I grown. The moment it was in my hands Alonzo ex pressed his satisfaction by going through a solemn and stately form of dance, which he probably intended to represent a minuet; anything in the shape of a double shuffle or other popular steps which an ordinary boy would have executed being evidently beneath him. My anxiety now was to ascertain whether our movements had attracted Aunt Parker's attention. Had they done so she would have lost no time in making us aware of it. For tune favoured us; Aunt Parker did not make her appearance. It was an instance of Alonzo's thoughtfulness that he did not immediately pull in his kite; he was doubtless providing for the future, when he might have occasion again to em ploy his novel aerial post-office. He flew it along the road for some ten minutes or so, and finally drew it in, and, using it once more as a shield, departed triumpant. I held the envelope in my hand, little dreaming of the delight in store for me. It was a large letter and rather thick, and had it not been for the strong wind that was blowing it might have weighed down the kite. The back and front of the envelope was completely covered with writing, to the following effect :— Fair One of the Fortress.—What malignant star has torn thee from Alonzo? For weeks I have languished at the portal, calling upon thee. Only the wild birds and the mournful echoes have answered me. Is it to be ever thus? Rack not this bosom with deeper anguish. Smile again upon me, and let me hear thy loved voice. Then will the gates of heaven be open, and bliss once more be mine. Remember, I am thine till the icy finger of death beckons me. Bid me do or die. At thy bidding I will pluck the stars from the firmament. But I will brook no rival. Mark me well—in spite of his fine clothes, one of us must fall. For me, Paradise or the Tomb. Meanwhile, if a letter is to be posted, over at his post will be found The Hapless and Faithful ALONZO. To read this without smiling was impossible, and I remember thinking (what I think to this day of everything emanating from Alonzo's pen) that he must have gathered it out of a number of story books, a few words from this and a few from that, till it had assumed its present shape. But still there was in this epistle more than the usual air of mystery. What did Alonzo mean by his reference to a rival, and not brooking him? And then the words, "in spite of his fine clothes." Whose fine clothes? That Alonzo should choose Paradise or the Tomb was quite natural. I could not help admiring his industry, for this kind of piecework must have occupied a great deal of time, and it was with a positive con viction that much more of this nonsense awaited me that I opened the envelope. But ah! what a delight was there! I held in my hand a letter from my own dear nurse, which had in this extraordinary manner been con veyed to me. Faithful Alonzo, indeed. Could the most gallant knight have more deftly carried a delicate and difficult task to a successful end? I declare that if he had been by my side I should have kissed him. But grateful as I was I could not waste time in thinking of him; Nurse Elliot's letter was too important to be longer neglected. What a number of sheets it contained! And how close and small was the writing! I kissed it before I read it, and kissed it again and again in the course of perusal. Chapter XXVII. NURSE ELLIOT'S LETTER, AND THE NEWS IT CONTAINED. "MY dear Child and Mistress, —After wait ing a great many months, and wearing myself almost to a shadow with fretting about you, there came the other morning the greatest joy I ever had in my life —the letter from you written in that dreadful place called Restora tion Hall. We were sitting at breakfast, Rube and me, and had just finished when the post man came in with his rat-tat. We get up early in the Borough and stop up late, but that doesn't matter when you're making a living, and a bit over, as Rube says. While Rube is sweeping the shop and putting things to rights there, I am getting breakfast, which is ready for him the minute he comes in. He keeps a man, you know, dear, who sleeps out, and who don't show his face till half-past 8; but Rube don't mind doing his own work, which is the only way, Rube says, of making sure it is done right. "If I wander a bit, my dear child, you musn't mind; I want to tell you so much, and my head is so full, that I dare say it will all come out mixed up like. But so long as you get this letter it won't matter much how it is written and how mixed up it is, because you know it is full of love for you, as my heart is and always will be. And Rube's too, my dear. "'See here, Deb,' he often says to me, not in the exact words, dear, but just as good, 'See here, Deb, your young lady's my young lady' (he says it with the greatest respect, my dear mistress), 'your young lady's my young lady, and you've only got to say to me, "Rube, you must do this for her," or, "Rube, you must do that for her," to make sure that it will be done. This house is yours and hers to live in and do what you like in, and the shop and the till we'll divide between us. There's enough for six let alone three. Nothing would please me better than to see your young lady sitting in the parlour'—(that is where we breakfast in and have our dinner and tea in, my dear, and our bit of supper regular at half-past 10 every night)—'nothing,' says Rube, 'would please me better than to see your young lady sitting in the parlour here playing the piano all day long while I am serving tho customers in the shop. It would be a real treat.' "Rube means what he says, dear; he isn't one of the fly-away sort. To be sure we haven't got a piano, for what should we do with one if we did have it? Rube can play 'God save the Queen' with one finger, if you don't hurry him, and ' Woodman, Spare that Tree' as well, and he says, too, he's got his eye on a 'cottage' that's to be sold dirt cheap at a dealer's in the borough, and that he's going to buy it the moment he hears you're coming. When he said he had got his eye on a 'cottage' I thought he meant a house till he explained it; Rube knows a great deal about music. "Well, my dear, Rube and me had just finished breakfast when in comes the postman with his rat-tat I am always curious about letters, and to tell you the truth, dear, I shouldn't have been surprised to have got one that morning from Sandy Whiskers, my land lord at Sevenoaks; you remember him, I dare say—the man with the voice. So when Rube goes into the shop and calls out in a voice almost choked with laughing that the letter's for me, I make up my mind at once that it is from Sandy Whiskers; but seeing strange writing on the envelope sets me athinking. It wasn't your writing, my dear; I should have known that the moment I set eyes on it. Besides, you would have never done anything so ridiculous as to write on the envelope, 'To the Fair Lady, Deborah Elliot.' "Yes, my dear, that's what was written, with Rube's address after it, of course. There was every excuse for Rube's laughing, but I couldn't help turning red when he says: " 'O, Deb, Deb! how many more hearts are you going to break?' "For he will have it all the time I've been away I've done nothing else but turn men's heads; and if you'll believe me, my dear, he's always throwing Sandy Whiskers in my face. He doesn't really mean it, I know; he only does it to tease me; but it is too ridiculous to think of, isn't it? The idea of me running after men! I never so much as give them a thought. But Rube will have his joke. When he talks of broken hearts I tell him sharply to hold his tongue, and I turn the envelope over in my hand, wondering who it can be from, and whether some impertinent fellow is playing a trick on me, while all the time Rube never leaves off joking and laughing to that degree that the tears roll down his face. Presently I think the best way will be to open the letter, and I do; and when I see inside another envelope—yours, my dear, with your sweet writing on it— I give a scream, and I do believe I should have dropped if Rube hadn't caught hold of me. " 'It's from my dear young mistress!' I call out, and then I'm that overcome that I sit down and have a real good cry. Nothing does a body so much good; it's better than all the doctor's stuff in the world. Well, presently I wipe my eyes, and you may guess how anxious I am to get at your letter; but there's some thing that comes before even that. It is a sheet of paper in which your envelope is wrapped. I will copy here the exact words written on the paper, and perhaps you will be able to make something out of them. " 'Fair Lady of the Borough,' it commences; 'the Mistress of my soul, the Pearl of light, and the Diamond of the universe, commissioned her gallant knight—who here throws down the gauntlet to all usurpers of his rights—to post this missive to you. It is done. Command me ever. To her service I am pledged. Her form and cause conjoined, &c.; You may wish to communicate with the princess of the en chanted well. It is difficult, but it may be done, and shall be at thy behest, by ALONZO.' "Alonzo in large letters, my dear. And then come the words: " 'If such be your wish inquire for him at Stubbs, the butcher, High-street, Ramsgate.' "Do you know anybody of the name of Alonzo, at Stubbs, the butcher?" You don't say anything about it in your letter. All that I am able to make out of it is that Alonzo is in some way a friend of yours, and that you have forgotten to tell me about him. Heaven knows you must have enough to think of. "My dear young mistress, when I read your letter I felt as if I ought to fly to you without a minute's delay, and only the thought that I might do you harm instead of good kept me back. The thought was not mine; it was Rube's. I gave him your letter to read, and when I told him that it was my duty to fly to your assistance he said: " 'What will you do when you get there?' " 'Knock at the gate,' I answered, 'and ask for my dear young lady.' " 'Deb,' he said upon that, 'I have always looked upon you as a sensible woman, but when you talk in that way I think you must be losing your wits. From the description you have given me of this Aunt Parker, there's no love lost between you. Quite the contrary. She must hate you worse than poison. Well, then? Who answers the gate when you ring? Aunt Parker. What does she do when she sees your face and hears what you've got to say? Send for a policeman. Off you march to the lockup. Deb, old girl,' said Rube, 'she's got tho law on her side while you haven't the ghost of a leg to stand on. And there's something else,' said Rube, 'you've got to think of. You've got to think of what is going to happen after you have put your finger into another man's pie. Miss Lina writes to you in secret—she says so herself; she gets her letter posted in secret by that fellow that signs himself Alonzo —a rum chap he must be, but there must be a lot of good stuff in him though it does seem as if he has got a tile loose —well, she gets her letter posted by him, and it'a all done that neatly and cleverly that Aunt Parker hasn't a shadow of suspicion. Miss Lina and Alonzo regularly diddle her, Deb; and if she does find out about it, and how she's been cozened, she'll be that mad that there's no saying what she might be driven to do. As likely as not, whisk Misa Lina off to foreign parts where you'd have as much chance of getting at her, or of seeing her and letting her see you, as you'd have of getting to the moon if you tried to fly to it. No, no, Deb,' said Rube, 'you must give up that idea.' "I did, my dear; I gave it up without another word. Men are a great deal cooler than women, and I was more than thankful that I had brother Rube's common sense and clever ness to help me in thinking the matter out. But he'd given me another idea. He talked of seeing you and letting you see me. Couldn't that be done without knocking at the gate of Restoration Hall, and without your wicked Aunt Parker knowing anything about it? There is the window, my dear young lady, at which you sit; there is the sea shore you can see from it. It is all in your dear sweet letter. If you can see the shrimpers from your window what is to hinder you seeing your old nurse and servant, especially if she told you how she was going to be dressed? I would walk the shoes off my feet to bring a morsel of comfort to you; and it would be a comfort to you, wouldn't it, dear, to see me in the distance, as it would be to me to see you at the window, though we couldn't speak a word to each other? 'There's my dear nurse,' you would say to yourself; 'she isn't altered a bit, and never will alter; she would go through fire and water to serve me.' 'There is my dear young mistress,' I would say to myself, 'my poor dear suffering young mistress. She can see me; she is looking at me now, and knows I am true to her, and am only looking forward to the day when I can really serve her.' It would do us both good, my dear, I am sure, and it might lead to other things; it might lead to my seeing your Aunt Parker drive away one morning, and to my finding out that she would be gone two or three hours perhaps. Then I could come closer to the house, and we should see each other plainer. "It made me quite excited to think of it. I spoke of it to Rube. " 'It isn't half a bad idea,' he said, 'but it's got to be thought over. Nothing must be done in a hurry. That Aunt Parker is about as clever as they make 'em, and we must fight her with her own weapons—cunning and slyness. I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll go and have a chat with a follow I know that's clerk in a lawyer's office. I've done him more than one good turn, and I'll take his opinion. I won't mention names,' said Rube, 'and I won't let him come within a mile of the truth, but I'll put a case to him. That's what I'll do,' said Rube, 'I'll put a case to him.' "There couldn't be any harm in that, could there, my dear young lady? And perhaps there might be just a chance, I thought. The cleverest men and women sometimes overreach themselves, and do something that oughtn't to be done, or don't do something that they ought. There's lawyers now—they can't be of one opinion, or they would'nt fight against each other as they do. And there's the very judges themselves that Rube says are the cleverest of all the lawyers. One says one thing, one says another, and then a third big wig comes in and says that both the others are wrong. You've only got to read the papers— and the way the law cases bother you, if you take to them, is a caution. It's my opinion, my dear, that the law was made to get people into trouble, not to get them out of it. I am sure it's enough to make one's head ache to think of things. "Well, dear, what does Rube do but bring his lawyer friend home that very night. They come into the parlour, and Rube says to me with a wink: " 'We're going to have a glass and a chat Deb, if you don't mind. This is my old friend Mr. Stimson. He knows a thing or two. Perhaps you can give us a bit of supper?' "There's no perhaps in it. I give 'em as fine a dish of tripe and onions as ever was placed before a hungry man. And hungry Mr. Stimson must have been, for he ate three parts of the stew. He was heartily welcome to it; he looked half-starved. I am not sure whether I pitied him or not; law brings so many people to starvation point that it's nothing but justice that some of the spiders should suffer a bit themselves. You see, my dear, what makes me so bitter against the law is that it has put you where you are, and has given Mr. Bathgate and your Aunt Parker such a wicked hold on you. It's all very well talking, as Mr. Stimson talked, of the law helping people to get their rights; it helps them to get their wrongs. If you had your rights, would you be in Restoration Hall at the present time? No, you would be enjoying your life instead of being wretched, as that wicked woman is making you. Forgive me, my dear, for going on at this rate, but when I think of your cruel position my feelings get the better of me. I can't keep cool, as brother Rube tells me to. "Well, I sit, and sew, and listen to their conversation, and the way that brother Rube of mine leads Mr. Stimson to the point makes me prouder than ever of him. The part that is interesting to me comes after supper when Mr. Stimson's tongue is well loosened. Having got thoroughly into the law, Rube says, 'We'll suppose a case,' and he puts one to Mr. Stimson, but that one is not yours, dear. Then when that is disposed of by Mr. Stimson, Rube says, ' We'll suppose another case,' and after Mr. Stimson has settled that, Rube turns to me, and says, 'Did you ever hear such a man, Deb? He ought to be sitting on the woolsack, oughtn't he?' I say, 'Yes, he ought,' because J know that is what Rube wishes me to say—though what good it would do Mr. Stimson to sit on a woolsack beats me hollow. I am sure he would be more comfortable in a chair. Then, at last, Rube says, 'We'll suppose another case;' and he puts yours. And puts it very clearly, my dear. I'll cut a long story short, dear, by telling you that Mr. Stimson's opinion is dead against us. There is no possible chance of the law doing anything for you. For all the protection it can give you and the good it can do for you, you might as well be a piece of wood. I am not sure, so far as the law is concerned, whether it wouldn't be better if you were made of wood instead of flesh and blood. "I was that angry after Mr. Stimson went away that I said a good many unreasonable things. " 'Which won't mend matters,' said Rube, after I had run myself down ; 'we'll do some thing or other in spite of the law, though I don't say I'll be a party to anything that will put me in its clutches. Miss Lina would be the last person in the world to expect it. The best thing we can do, Deb, is to go to bed and sleep on it.' "I came up to my room, where I am now; I felt, my dear child, I could not go to bed without writing to you. And to think of my writing such a long long letter! It's a good job I can write small, or I should use up ever so many sheets of paper. I am calmed down a bit now, and I feel happier than I have done for many a long day. I have heard from my dear young lady, and I know where she is, and that she is bearing up bravely. Rube is quite right; (he generally is right, dear, when I come to think over what he says ;) it is no use knock ing our heads against brick walls. We must make the best of things, and we'll do every thing in our power to make the best of this. Never lose heart, dear child. We are always thinking of you, and, after all, perhaps some thing will turn up to help us. "I intended to tell you such a lot about Rube and me—how we live and what we do. Of course you know that Rube is a single man, so that we have the house all to ourselves. When I came to Rube there were some lodgers upstairs, but Rube got rid of them; and there is a room we call your room, and that I keep sweet and fresh for you—when the time comes. I put flowers in it sometimes in remembrance of you. Good night, my dear mistress. God bless and guard you. I shall try to dream of you to-night." [TO BE CONTINUED.] 