Me Service, ' Premier of Victoria, delivered his farewell speech to his con stituents at Castlemaine on Wednesday last, and it contains mnch that should be deeply interesting, not only to the elec tors to whom it was addressed, bat to every resident throughout the Australian colonies. Mr Service was accompanied Hy Mr Berry, Mr .Tucker, Mr Campbell, Mr Langridge, Mr Levien,' and Colonel Sargood (of the Ministry), Mr P. Hanna, M.L.C., Mr Duffy, Mr Moore, Mr M'LeUan, Mr W. M. Clark, Mr Yeo, Mr Hall, Mr A. Young, Mr Graham, Mr Belli anid Mr Cameron, M.L.A.'e, and Mr Thomas, secretary to the Premier. The platform at Castlemaine station was crowded, and Mr Service met with a cor dial greeting from his constituents. His speech was delivered in the Theatre Royal, which was filled to its utmost capacity, the Mayor of Castlemaine presiding. It occupies nearly nine columns of the Argus, dealing ably with the dissolution of 1883 ; the early history of the Ministry, the abolition of political patronage, the Public Service Act, appointment of Rail way Commissioners, irrigation, and the appointment of Mr Kerferd as Judge. After reviewing the political career of Mr Kerferd for over a period of 21 years, eight years of it as Attorney-General, he said, ' ' Mr Kerferd had to send appeal cases home, and in every case his opinion I has been confirmed by the ultimate decision of the Privy Council. The cases I Mount y. Morris, the Rotorua v. the' Harbor Trust, and the Oriental Bank failure, were illustrations in point. The colony had £400,000 in the hands of the Oriental Bank, and with the aid -of Mr Kerferd's advice and careful and astute managementtheyrecoveredevery penny of that money and half of the interest. Such a man was surely capable of giving an honest and upright decision. I don't believe one-tenth — one-twentieth of the people have any sympathy with the abuse that has been levelled at Mr Kerferd. Lawyers and merchants of high standing have said that they were disgusted at that abuse, andoneof the mostrespectedJudges on the Bench voluntarily came to me and said, ' I am delighted you are putting Mr Kerferd on the Bench. He will make an excellent judge.' {Cheers). Another judge remarked that he would be pleased -to see Mr Kerferd appointed, adding, ' We know more case law than he does, butiie knows far more statute law than we do.' I mention these points to show you that the Government were not only justified in making the appointment, but We . should have done a grievous wrong if, haying a vacancy at our disposal, we had failed to give it to the gentleman, who,, of all others, most deserved it, and who served the country in successive Governments with national advantage. ('Cheers.) It w^ a mistake to say the Attorney General had appointed himself to the Bench. That was impossible. It was a question for the Government, and especi ally for the Premier, because a new judge could not act until the Premier had signed his commission. The Attorney General was put on the Bench by the unanimous consent -of his colleagues in the Cabinet, and the all but unanimous consent of Parliament — (cheers) — and I venture to say that within a very short time the people will say there never was a better judge on the Bench l&an; Mr Justice Kerferd.'' (Cheers.) After giving substantial reasons for his own retirement, and stating that the Cabinet had nominated Mr Gillies as leader to take the helm of the interim Ministry, Mr Service, with reference to future political action, said—' The ques tion has been raised — Is this coalition system of government to go on, or is it to come to an end ? It is for the country to say. I have looked upon it not as a coali tion, but as an amalgamation — (cheers) — and I ask, is there anything in the inter ests of the country that demands that this state of things shall come to an end 1 Has this coalition — or, as I call it, amalgama tion — of political parties been productive of good to the country or evil ? Is it desirable we should call up the old party cries, that we should try to resuscitate the evil days of the past. In my opinion, and I am now going perhaps further than I ought, because I am speaking of J the future, and I have no future politically — but if you are going to resurrect the old parties, let me warn you that they will be enly the ghosts of their former selves ; nay, they would be worse than ghosts, for you will resurrect not the ghosts, but the putrid corpses of the old parties and the old cries, which would be offensive to the sight, the smell, , and the touch of the whole people of Victoria. (Cheers.) A row in this colony cannot benefit the country, although it may benefit a few politicians who are anxious to get into office. These men will not wait to secure a portfolio in a fair . way, but they look for a squall, so that thiey may rise on the wings of the tempest into office. There | are always a few of these stormy petrels looking about, and they are on the | rampage now, and it is a question now, after having three years of quietness, \- whether the country will go back to the old state of things. There is nothing in the Houseor country to divide the parties ; when the real cause of strife arises, then is - the time to enter into it, not when that cause does not exist. I say ' cursed be he who stirreth up ' strife.' (Cheers.) The experience of the colonies of Victoria and Tasmania have been^ singularly alike during the last few years, especially during the period they were governed by Coalition Cabinets, consisting of the ablest men of the old political antagonistic parties. ' Prosperity and progress have taken the place of con fusion and uncertainty, and, in this colony, of stagnation. In each colony an able Attorney-General has been elevated to the Bench, and in each the envious cty, that those wise and just appointments indicated Ministerial corruption, has been fully refuted, simply by the high character and. ability of the .men thus honorably dealt with in consideration of their loyal and faithful public services, their excep tional ability, their fitnesB for the posi tions to which they were raised, and their high moral worth. A 'Gazette Extraordinary' pub lished at Hobart yesterday contains infor mation of veiy great importance to the public. It contains two proclamations — one conveying the Royal assent to the Constitution Amendment Act ; the other announces the date for making up the electoral xoIIb, etc. This provides that applications for registration of electors must be made between -the 25th instant and- the 16th February, as the lists of claimants, must be made out before the' 29th March, and the -corrected lists published before the 12th April, The Courts of Revision are to be held between the 28th April and the 12th May. The duty imposed on the clerks of the peace at Launceston and .Hobart, by : the 35th .section of 'the Electoral Act, 21 -Vict., No. '32, must be perforined on or before the 21st June. The rolls and polling lists prepared ia pursuance of the proclamation are to be used in the election of : members for the House of Assembly and Legislative Council, from the 21st June, 1886, until the 10th April, 1888; The 'Ministry has evidently .-lost no time since the receipt of the cablegram conveying Her Majesty's assent to the Constitution Amendment Act, in arranging the earliest possible date for the various steps requisite to be taken in the preparation of the elec toral rolls and polling-lists, ' which are to be in force for nearly 22 months from the 21st June next. The time appointed for receiving appli cations for registration of electors is very brief, commencing on Monday next, and ending on the 15th proximo, a period of twenty-two days, three of which are Sundays. Every exertion should there fore be made during the next four weeks to urge upon all electors — those privileged for the first time especially— to putin their claims for registration without delay. The announcements now madefy proclamation are the most important ever issued by the -Government of Tasmania since the introduction of ; responsible Government. 