THE PANEGYRIC. Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., pronounced the panegyrio. He prefaced his address with the 7tn and 8th verses of II. Timothy, c. iv.!* have fought a good fight, I have finish™^ course, I have kept the faith. As to tw !i ma ft *rown 01 justice, whioh the Lord, the just judge, wUi ender to me on that day." He said-* onth ago, with sorrowing heart and teanui yes, vesaw the grave close over the_»or^ emaii i of the first Arohbiehop of Mf 1 onrnt- The vast crowd whioh fiHeMM athedral, and the still larger crowd onld not find place within its walls, ptov" 1 ow Widespread was the feeling of ««»"> nd how sincere the desire to honoar tw emory «f the great and good man woo «»» assed away. In -the orowd were swu housands whb belonged not to the Caftouo hurch. By their presence they deortoi» onour the memory of the -deceased ^ ishop, and to express sympathy with .„ll0 brethren in their sorrow, and! may ^ assured that their Catbo- Ltbren are grateful for their presence for their sympathy. On that day, h was » day of mourning for the Catholic 'mh in Victoria, and in all Australia, we Topprewed by the thought of the great- . of the loss wbioh we had sustained. '«sid in our hearts, we shall never again 6 o tj,at venerable form in which we used as the Jews in the days of the Macba- 8»» in Eleazar, " the dignity of his age ,. :g accient years, and the inbred hononr MB trrey head" (2 Maebabees, 6-24); we 11 sever again hear that voice whioh so *B instructed and admonished us, and ilut in pleading for us in prayer in tones 11 of fervour and. unotion, wed to move us deeply; we shall never kneel to receive paternal blessing. Suoh, old chroniclers were the thoughts and the feelings of )' faithful as they knelt 1500 years ago the grave, of the first Archbishop of -,gh. "And the multitude of the people i of the clergy gathered together and onrned with tears the deoease of Patrick, eir patron, and performed in psalms and us the funeral rites. Eaoh bishop and oh priest offered Hp the holy sacrifice." ntwben the days of'mourning were over ev recalled with gratitude and with pride e life and the works of their apostle. Even We can to-day look- back with gratitude i with pride on the life and works of e first Arohbisbop oi Melbourne. His reer will occupy a large spaoe in the Mary of the Cathedral Churoh in Australia, et the future historian desoribe in detail »t pontifioate of thirty-eight years. It mB to me that the words in whioh St. ml, the most perfect model of the Christian ishop, dssoribes his own career, and tells UB bet were his hopes when that oareer was rawing to a olose, may be most fitly applied the apoBtolio oareer of the Most Reverend sues Alipins Goold, the first Arohbishop ! Melbourne. The apostle for the edifina- .00 and guidance of the fnture bishops {the Catholic Chnroh is oompelled by the pirit of God to write regarding his own poitolic oareer things wbiob, in his humility, e would have left unwritten. In the words hioh I have cited you will have observed the apostle founds his hope of future ird on two things which distinguish his spostolio life—fidelity and courage. " I have kept the faith," by which words he tffirmB not merely that he has held by true dootrine and transmitted it to others, but likewise that he has been faithful to duty, the word " faith" in Holy Scripture having both meanings, and that he was faithful to the end. "I have finished my course." Courage, "I have fought the good fight." Bat how had he fought? As a good soldier of Jesus Christ. For when he taid to Timothy, " Labour as a good loldier of Jesus Christ," he felt contoions that the disciple could see in him the apostle, tbe type of the good soldiery the necessary characteristic of the good soldier, courage. And to what does be look forward in the future as the fruit of fidelity and of courage? To a crown of justice. " There is laid up for me a crown of justice, which the Lord the just judge will render to me on that day." For what said he to St. Timothy, " Labour as a good soldier of Jesus Christ." We may be sure the disciple was a good soldioc of Jesus Christ. And what was the characteristic of a good soldier of Jesns Christ? Courage. The apostle is oompelled to write these words regarding hit own apostolic oareer. He would even have left it unwritten, and the first Arohbishop of Melbourne would be tbe last to believe it applicable to his career. Let ns see, then, how the words may be most fitly applied to that great and good man whose demise we still mourn. Let us briefly sketch his life. 1 purpose not to enter into the details of that long episoopate of 38 years. It will be the duty of the future historian of the Catholio Chnroh of Australia to desoribe in detail the history of his glorious oareer. l oan but indioate the most prominnnt events in his oareer, and the spirit of the events. James Aiipius' Goold was born at Oorkin theyear 1812. In early youth, feeliag himself called to tbe religious state, he uttered the ancient and holy Order of Sc. Augustine. He went through his novitiate and course of studies at Rome, and in his 21at year he devoted himself to the work of Christ in Australia. Dr. Bowling, and others whom God sent to him in his pastoral {(boors, helped him worthily for some years u tbe mission at Campbelltown, in N S.W. But the venerable man, foreseeing the future progress of the settlement of Fort Phillip, advited the Sovereign Pontiff to appointsomeone to the wtak here, and the Sovereign Pontiff aooeded to his request, and chose bim the first Bishop of Melbourne. He was oonworsted iu Sydney 38 years ago, on tbe 6th of AaguBt, 1848. He reaohed Melbourne on the 4th of Ootober in the same year, and at onoe began his pastoral work. He had with him only half a dozen prieBts. No churches were as yet erected. Tbe Catholics of the ooloay were but a few hundreds. It would be interesting to follow step by step tbe pro- Kress of our religion here during, the few years that have passed, but time does not permit ne to tell you in what year each churoh *u founded, each foundation- stone laid, J*°h chnroh consecrated, and each oonvent formed. But let m rather grasp the whole of the work, and from this spot on which we are assembled look around. If we go Mok to the year :1848, what was seen in tow place in which we are assembled? Vestiges , of the ancient forest were still seen here. The wprkuif man had not as jet appeared in' this plaoe. But what do we see to-day? This sgnifiae&t; cathedral, whic'< promises to .some of the anoient cathedrals of pe, and whioh has been brought to a state of perfection in the coarse of one generation. On it has been expended up to the present time about £130,000, consisting principally of the voluntary offerings of the faithful. It was the Bishop of Molbourne that conoeived the plan. He approved. He left It to others to carry out the work, and that progress that has been made in the Cathedral that we see with onr eyes to-day is due, first to the zeal of the Arohbishop, •who blessed -the plan, and then to the devotion of the faithful, but, perhaps, even more still to the fidelity and energy of that worthy priest who accompanied the Arohbishop when he oame first to Melbourne, and who still survives, and who, we pray, may survive till he sees this great work of his 'life completed. The Bishop of Melbourne had courage to undertake this work, and so many ether works through this diooese. And why? Beoanse he knew his people. He knew the strength of their faith, and although some, nrged by motives of human prudenoe, at times warned him to be cautious, he always confided iu that faith which he knew his people had inherited from their forefathers, and which he foresaw would never fail him in the works which he undertook, and it has never failed bim. If we travel abroad from this spot, if we look to the east, to the west, and to the north, what meets our gaza ? Missions everywhere founded, missions so successfully worked by zealous priests, convents where spouses of Jesus Christ plead fcr His people that they may be led to the knowledge and love of Him; schools and colleges, some conducted by the good Christian Brothers, others by the Blessed Society of Jesus, others by the various religious Orders. Suoh are the objects which meet our gaze as we travel in thought throughout the whole of Victoria. And all this is the fruit of the zeal, of the piety, and of tbe energy of the Bishop and the Arohbishop of Melbonrne. We know what was his life. We know the piety by which he was distinguished. When we read of the manner in which he passed his days we are reminded of what we read of the lives of the saints. The early portion of eaoh day was devoted to prayer and devotion, and to the offering of the Holy Saorifioe, which he never failed to offer up unless his ailments prevented him from offering it. He was accessible to his people. He was always ready to hear those who presented themselves to him, and who had need of hiB oounsel, and of consolation from him. He was always accessible to his priests in their trials and difficulties. He was assiduous in the Confessional. We know how many years he visited the Churoh of St. Francis each evening in the week, in order that penitents might have reooutse to him; and if of later years his visits were not so frequent on aooount of his ailments, yet at least onoe a week he was thern to pour consolation into the heart of tbe afflicted penitents, and lead them to heaven. He was in the Confessional in that ohurch only five days before his death. We know his zeal in those missions in whioh he took part. It was my privilege to frequently acoompany him in these missions, and I can call to mind those fervent words whioh he loved to uce. He loved to speak in the simplest language, and despised those orna* ments of speech which others adopted so much, and liked to speak in words like thoBe which Jesus Christ spoke when here npon earth. He avoided rhetoric, his chief desire being to speak in words simple and easily understood. It was once my privilege to take part with him in the mission to tho inmate* of the Pentridge Stockade, and when he addressed himself to those who suffered in that place he showed bow full he was of the Spirit of Jesus Christ. He at once grasped the positien in which they were. The Holy Ghost seemed to inspire him in words most appropriate, and the result was that floods of tears gushed forth at those tender words whioh he spoke. He intended to pay another visit to tbe Stookade in the last week of his life, and signified his desire to be there on the 10th and 11th June to address the inmates and hear them in confessions; but, as you know, on one of those days he was himself called to bis reward. We find that the words of the apostle, when he says " I fought the good fight," are likewise most applicable to the character of the late Arohbishop. At the present day, in this nineteenth century, that spirit which the apostle indicates in these words is neoesBary for every pastor. At the present day there is opposition- between the spirit of the world and the spirit of the Cross, as has been so in every age. That opposition was manifest in the early ages by pereeoution of the Churoh. The spirit of the world in those early days endeavoured to smother the Christian faith in the blood of her children.. Suoh BgoB of persecution arise from time to time in all parts of tbe world, and in this nineteenth oentnry the spirit does not adopt these means for the destruction of the Christian faith, but uses other means perhaps more effectual. At the present day the spirit of the world calls itself by various names. In this oountry it ordinarily describes itself " Seoularism." At the present time tbe war going on is between Secularism and Christianity. From the beginning of that straggle the Arohbishop of Melbourne manifested his z;al and courage. We can recall the strong words in which he condemned the system. They were strong words indeed, bnt let us understand what is tbe position of a Catholio bishop in society. He sees by the light of God, and sees what is the tendenoy of Secularism, which wars against the Catholic Chnroh in our days. He sees it must necessarily be in future time the cause of anarchy and. of socialism and the des- ruction of society. We see proof of this in he history of the past: in the French revoution of tho last century, when those monters who took part in that revolution had received no religious education ia their youth. We see tho effects of socialism in that attempted revolution in America during the last few months, and also in Belgium. We see these evils arise wherever the Christian religion is negleoted and despised. Is not this the natural outoome of secularism ? Sufferings must take place in this world. There must be depression from time to time, and periods of poverty and sufferiog, and if those olaesea whioh suffer when periods of depression come have not religion, they look on those in authority as tyrants. Having no religion and no faith, they do not respeot those in authority. No, for they have no faith, they know not God. They look on all in authority as tyrants, and we see that Secularism must neoesaarily bring anaroby and destruction on society. The Oatholio bishop knows this; he feels his responsibility, and knows be must give an aooount of the sonls of those committed to his care. If it were possible to suppose him faithless to duty, if we oould suppose him negleoting his duty, be is led by the sacred words of Scripture to expect he shall meot such a pastor after life as tbe bear robbed of its whelps. The Oatholio bishop knows these words, and understands his responsibilities. He wars against the secular system, and shows the oourage of whioh St. Paul speaks. He feared not to present himself to the governor to restore peaoe. He rejeoted an offer that was made to him for his safety, and he faced the danger that beset him without fear. The courage he manifested on that occasion he has also shown whenever the holy Catholio religion has been assailed in the colony. He loved hiB flock. Above all, he loved the little ohildren of his flock, and although all his flock owe a deep debt of gratitude to him, the little children of his flock are still more indebted to him. He looked upon the little children as a saored trust given to him by Jesus Christ. I miRht cite various events in his life of the love he had for the children, and of the zeal he manifested for their salvation. Once, when he went to a Confirmation, he was travailing on a rough and tedious road, and met some persons who were leading a few of the children to the churoh. The Arohbishop took the children in bis oarriage, and thus helped them to church. Are we not reminded by this and similar acts of his of the life of Jesus Christ, who said, " Suffer little ohildren to come unto me, and fcrbid them not; for of such is tbe kingdom of Heaven." He was filled with the deepest oharity. We know that had be desired he might have aooumulated .immense wealth, BO great and generous were the offerings of his people. But the wealth he might have had has disappeared. The offerings of the Archbishop of the diocese were seen in every direction, and many good works in which he took part can testify to the disappearance of that wealth which was given to him by A genereus people. When the last days of his life came he showed that he was still filled with tbe same generous and charitable spirit. Who are to inherit that portion of the wealth that remains of bim ? Religions establishments, orphans, and the poor. To these has been given everything, with the exception of a few insignificant gift*. In this' we see the attachment he had for those amongst whom he was placed, and we see that lore for hie people whioh oharaoterised his life. Catholics of Victoria, Catholics of the Archdiocese of Melbourne, of tbe Diooese of Sandhurst, and of the Diooese of Ballarat, whom he BO long governed, you have lost a worthy pastor. The apostle St. Paul, after having spoken of the courage and of tbe fidelity which marked his own . apostolio oareer, looked forward with confidence to the fnture—for the rest, he says, there is laid up for me a crown of justioe. And have we not reason, to suppose that the same words are verified in the Arohbishop of Melbourne f Such a life is indeed worthy of a crown. We confidently hope that be has already reoeived that orown. Still, let ns pray for him, for the justice of God is rigorous, and the responsibilities of an arohbishop are great indeed. Let us, therefore, pray for him, but whilst wo pray for him let us not forget tho lessons of his life. His whole Ufa teaohes us to love the Oatholio faith. Lot us esteem that Catholic faith more, and let ns continue the struggle on whieh we entered daring his Episoopate. The struggle is not yet at an end. We are hopeful, .as was the late Arohbishop, that the struggle must one day oome to an end. See what took place in Ireland in the early years of this century. Recall to mind the great struggle of Catholics to gaiu .Emancipation. How often were they disappointed ! How often were they defeated ! How often were they not told that what they aBked oould sever be granted—that it was against the fundamental principles of the Constitution 1 Yet how soon tbe triumph oame ! How soon those chains were broken, which it was foretold would never be broken ! See a struggle again in more reoent times—the struggle with the State in Germany. That great Empire was leagued against the Catholio Church, and laws were parsed directed apuinst it and its work. We know how the binhops of Germany acted during that struggle. We can recall their oourage. They bore imprisonment, fines, exile, everything rather than saerifice the faith. They persevered bravely, looking forward to the good time wbich God has prepared for His saints, and that good time has ooms. We are told that the straggle between Church and State in Germany is now at an end, and that even the ocoupant of the throne doeB homage to the Vicar of Jesus Christ. Let ns maroh on in confidence, following the example of the good Archbishop, and, inheriting the spirit of courage which he has bequeathed to ns, bravely wage the fight in whioh we must be engaged. We are called upon to be faithful, faithful to the end ; and after his example be good Catholics, worthy children of the Holy Oatholio Church. And then we may hope that for ns too there may be a orown of justice whioh God, the JuBt Judge, will render likewise to us. THE ABSOLUTION. After the panegyric the Cardinal, with the bishops in his train, moved from tbe Altar to the ^ catafalque, and, passing ronnd it, his Eminence inoensed and asperged it, pronouncing at the same time the Absolution. All who had assisted in the solemn ceremony then formed in prooession and filed out of the churoh, the acolytes following the cross-bearer, the priests, the bishops, and the Cardinal coming next in the order mentioned. There was an immense orowd of people onside watting to receive the Cardinal's blessing, and in that pious anticipation they were not disappointed. 