CHAPTER XI. ATJSTBAHA—IN THE BOSH. Carmeline awoke from a troubled sleep un refreshed, and with her awakening came a sense of her utter desolation, more poignant than the agony she felt when the stunning blow of the fatal news first came to her on shipboard. For days she moved on as in a dream— torpid, listless, despairing. At last came a letter from the gold diggings at Ballarat. The Joneses were trying their fortune there, and -they needed help in the housekeeping. They offered Carmeline bed, board and wages for her domestic services. She felt that she mast go to work, not only to support herself, for her money was fast ebbing away, bat that she needed employ ment as a diversion from brooding over her bereavement. She answered the letter, ac cepting the offer, and announcing that she would go through with the first conveyance that left Melbourne under escort, for evil characters loitered about the track of emi grants, and more than one family had been plundered by bushrangers, so that it Was not safe to venture on the track without the pro tection of the armed and counted police. In a few days the opportunity occurred, and she secured a place in a wagon belonging to one Mike Mulligan, who, with his wife and two children, were bound for the geld district.' When she had paid her fare and settled with her landlady she found she had left thirty pounds sterling. This was none too much for a reserve fund in a country where a few days illness would absorb even a larger amount. Carmeline was very ill when she took leave of Mrs. MurdockBon, her kind- hearted land lady, who urged her to postpone her journey, but her feverish impatience to obtain some thing liUre a home in a strange land urged her forward. Toe distance to be traversed was about eighty miles, but as there were bullock teams in the train, the progress of the caravan was necessarily slow; moreover, the road in some places was deep and difficult, and the emi grants could only hope to reach their desti nation in four or five days. It was a motley procession of mounted men, tilt-carts, (and heavy baggage wagons, some of them piled with household furniture. The escort consisted of a dozen well-mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in their beltB, repeating carbines slung at their hacks, and helmets on their heads. When they reached a suitable spot at night, they encamped and bivouacked in the open air. It was no pleasure trip. At frequent inter vals the emigrants had to traverse swamps of eticky mud that clung to the wheels of the wagons like glue. They passed through forests savage and dense. Sometimes they saw traces of great bush-firea that had swept the country with devouring flames, leaving here and there great tracts of dead, scorched trees, that loomed up in the night against the starry sky like ghastly skeletons. Sometimes a huge fallen tree barred the road, and it was necessary either to hew it to pieces and re move it or to flank it by turning into miry fields by the road-side. "In crossing a tributary of the Yarra River, Michael Mulligan met with a _ misfortune. fTin wagon broke down, and his jaded horses refused to move a step further. He vainly sought to procure other animals to enable him to keep pace with the train. Every horse and ox in the caravan had as muoh as they could do already; many of the draught animals had broken down, and all the spare ones had been forced into harness, The utmost that could be done lor the un fortunate family was to take them on in one of the baggage wagons. But Mike and his wife could not abandon the cart. It contained their little all. Nor wonld Carmeline leave them in their distress. She had conceived ah affection for these poor honest people. Though they did not urge her, she knew that they would be rejoiced to have her stay with them. After all, what was one night passed out of doors under a beneficent Australian sky ? Some of the emigrants went to work and got Mike's wagon out of the bed of the stream and drew it to a dry place by the road-side. The horses did not need to be hobbled; they were too tired to stray. By the time this job waB finished the rear of the column had disappeared over the brow of an adjoining hill. The good-natured emigrants who had lingered behind shook hands with Mike and then Btarted to regain t. Mike's wife sat down on a rock and had a good cry; while Carmeline played with the children and Mike lit his pipe. After this solace the man went to work,and succeeded in a few hours in repairing his wagon. But the horses were still nnfit for work, and night was coming on. Mike thought that they could manage to sleep comfortably enough nnder the canvas cover of the cart, but he expressed a childish fear of "lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, and all thim haythen animals that go roarin' round eeekin' somebody to devour." Carmeline, who was not so ignorant of the zoology of Australia, assured him that hejhad nothing to fear on that account,for such dan gerous animals were unknown. " Sure, thin, it's a blissed country, miss," was his reply. " St. Patrick must have taken it in his way when he came to dhrive thim varmints out of ould Ireland into the say." Carmeline took him aside. " Mike, she said, " there are those who are more dangerous than wild beasts and reptiles." " Ghosts and banshees, miss ?" "No, no, Mike; but bad men—thieves, bushrangers. You will have to watch to night. Are yon armed ?" " Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an Ameri can eix-Bhooter as money can buy." " I hope you will have no occasion to aseit. But I would make no fire. We can dispense with tea and coffee." Following Carmeline's advice, the little party made a meal on cold meat and bread, and then crept under the cover of'the cart' and arranged themselves as well as they could for the night—an anxious one, which passed, however, without incident. At dawn of day the harsh screams of a hundred cockatoos, making a music like the rasping of a thousand giant saws, awoke them. Other birds joined in — magpies, leatherheads, and laughing jackasses. Green, red, and blue parrots flew from branch to branch of the forest. Tall cranes stalked along the banks of the river, or stood motion less beside it. Mike had not passed a sleepless night. Poor fellow ! he was tired out, and had taken more than one nap, grasping his revolver, However. With the opening of day Ms toil recommenced. The hordes, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their fill of a short, sweet grass, were in a good con dition. The cart would hold together, pro vided there were no more bad places to cross. So they made a hearty meal, harnessed the team, and resumed their tnn.mii, After a short distance the road became bordered by beautiful flowers, and Carmeline alighted to pluck some, telling the Mulligans to keep on and she would soon overtake them. There were yellow everlastings, buttercups, larkspurs, lobelias, orchisses, and a beautiful flower like the star of Bethlehem which she had never seen before. PasBionately fond of flowers—those moBt delicate gifts of Heaven— the young widow was lured from spot to spot by their fascination. She left the beaten track and strnck into the woods, attracted by some crimson or snowy beauty peeping from the grass. She did not go far, however. When Bhe had gathered an armful of flowers, enough to oc cupy the children for hours in making bouquets and coronals, she hurried back to wards the road, as she thought. But it is easy to lose one's self in the Aus tralian bush, and lost she soon discovered that she was. She cried aloud, straining her lungs to the utmost. " Mike 1 Mike 1" Alas! only the discordant cries of cocka toos and parrcquets answered her. " Mike 1 Mikel" ehe cried again and again, and then stopped and listened. There was a rustling and crackling in the bushes, and then two savage-looking men, with shaved heads and tattered clothes, look ing indeed like wild beasts, made their ap pearance. Each of them carried a stout etick in hiB hand. " Can we do anything to serve yon, mam?" asked one of them, ducking his head with mock civility. She controlled her terror, and answered: "I have lost my way, sir. If yon guide me to the road, you will earn my thankB." " When one gets lost in the bush," said the spokesman of the two, " it's a matter of life and death. Thanhs is well enough. " Bat it's worth money to find the trail again." " I'll pay yon liberally,' said Carmeline, incautiously. " She's got money," eaid the first ruffian to his companion. The other winked. "Well, mum, I'm agreeable to act as guide," said the man. "Follow ns, my charmer. We know the bush. This way." They broke a way for Carmeline through the dense undergrowth. But they led her Each a distance that she became alarmed*, she knew the road could not be bo far off, and when they had reached a beaten track she halted. "Does not this path lead to the main road ?" she asked. " Yea'um. Turn to the right and yon will soon strike it," answered the man she had addressed. We'd go With yon, but me and my pal has retired from public life and never show ourselves to our contemporaries." " I will now pay you for your services,"said Carmeline. "TeB'um. The regular fee for guidin' a hindividual out of the bush is two pounds." " Two pounds 1" " Two pounds, mum, regular, But when & lady's in the case, we deduoks half on it. Hand hover one pound mum, if you please." " Unfortunately all Carmeline's money was together, and she had to produce her little toll of notes. " Seeing is having!" shouted the foremost ruffian, and he snatched the treasure out of her hand. Not heeding her piteous cry,the two villians sprang into the bush. To turn to the right and fly along the path with the speed of the fawn was Garmeline's instant action. But to her horror, at a turn I -of the path the ruffians again confronted her. | 1 " Halt 1" cried the man who had done all j the talking, brandishing his club. " Ton are our lawful prize." Carmeline shrieked aloud for help, though well aware of the hopelessness of human aid. " Give her a rap over the knowledge-box," said the second ruffian. "All right," replied bis comrade, and a terrible blow laid her senseless on the ground. " I swear,"said the assailant, as he stooped to lift her, " I believe I've killed her I" " Hark!" cried his comrade lifting a warn ing finger. " The gallop of a horse 1 We're lost!" The other villain dropped the lifeless girl, and, following the lead of his accomplice, plunged into the thorny thickets, through which they writhed their way like serpents. It was no false alarm. The bushrangers made their escape just before a stout man, well-mounted, with a repeating rifle slung at his back, came thundering up the forest path. At sight of the stunned and bleeding woman he threw his horse on his haunches by a pull at the powerful curb and flung him self from the saddle. The trained animal stood like a statue. "More of theee villains' bloody wsrk!" said the horseman as he bent over Carmeline. " Thank Heaven, they left it unfinished. Her life may yet be saved." He ran to a brook, dipped up some water in the crown of his soft hat, hastened back, and bathed the face of the unfortunate woman. She muttered some incoherent words, opened and shut her eyes. When he raised her from the ground, she struggled with him a moment, and then her muscles relaxed. Carefully raising her, he mounted, holding her in his arms as tenderly as if she had been a sleeping infant, while at a word his horse struck into a gentle canter. Two or three miles of riding on the velvet turf broaght them to a clearing, and then passing through a gate in a stockade fence, up a gentle slope, along an avenue of aoacias, to a rude but comfortable farm-house, with out-lying buildings scattered round. There waB an of freshness about everything, the house and fencings, which showed that it be longed to a recent settler. A hearty old lady came to the door to wel come him, but turned pale and held up her hands when she beheld his strange burden— a young woman, apparently lifeless, her face bathed in blood. "Mother," said the horseman, solemnly, "behold your charge 1" " Who has done this crnel thing ?" asked the old lady, as she reoeived Carmeline into her arms. "Who but the bushrangers? Bat these vermin shall be hunted from the face of the earth 1" 