It, must be soothing, or perhaps even ex hilarating, to the ghost of Sir Redmond Barry to find that the complaints of mis management which swelled to an angry srrowl a-ainst the Universitv Council under his presidency, and at last cul minated in a revolt, have got to ho re peated after a few years against the rather piebald body that has replaced the old Council. Anciently, the complaint was that half the Council never attended meetings, and that the gentlemen who did all the work either knew nothing about education or were governed by the one or two experts who had climbed over a fence :_i. tv. » J. i. iiuu uiu icuu. i\\.u pruscui, iuu cry is that University meetings excite eo much interest a3 often to become noisy and acri monious — almost like the meetings of the Melbourne City Council — and that a small clique, chiefly composed of educational experts, does a great many rather queer things in a high-handed way. Accord ingly there is a movement, in which Pro fessor llalford is very prominent, and to which we believe five out of nine profes sors adhere, for the purpose of ousting members of the University staff from the Council. We seem to remember a time when Professor llalford took a different view, and himself coveted tho honor of taking a seat at the hoard of government. However, he may he right in lfis change of opinion, and if he is there can be no doubt that he and those who are like-minded with Mm have every legal facility for giving effect to their views. All they have to do is to securo a ma jority against professors, and, if they like, against teachers of every kind, as fast as vacancies in the Council occur. Every member elected siuce 1880 has to resign at the end of five years, and the clause allowing as many as three professors or lecturers to he elected does not make it in the least obligatory to take them. At the same time, it is noticeable that for some years past the tendency of tho University- Senate has been to prefer experts for matters of University government. ALr. Macfarland and Mr. Andrew Harper were elected against very stroDg opposition, based on the fact of their being teachers : and Mr. Topp succeeded Mr. A. Harper as Warden of the Senate very much be cause Mr. Topp was considered to be ren dering services to education. Even if the ui.it tuktiuiJ DUUU1U sr, i-iuwii it does not at all follow that it will deter mine the general principle. Dr. Hearn, as we took occasion to show some days ago, has been guilty of several very indis creet acts, and it may easily happen that these will turn the balance against Mm in a case where party feelingis running Mgh, and where there is uncertainty as well as division of opinion. We are no bigots for any form of Uni- versity government except one that secures order and efficiency. If the Pro fessorial Board should become unanimous in wishing to exclude professors from scats on the Council, we should regard that as a strong point, though we should still wish to hear what the lecturers have to say. MeanwMle, we ratherincline to the opinion which we intimated in our last article ou the subject (10th September), that it is not so inucli the constitution of the Coun cil as the character of the Chancellor that is important. Assume the three profes sors replaced by lavinen. There would then be two heads of affiliated colleges, two masters of large schools and two ex- schoolmasters on the Council, or six experts agaiust fourteen laymen. Nomi nally, the laymen ought to have it all their own way. Practically, whenever the experts agreed they would carry everytMng before them. Of conrse, some extreme persons have always been in favor of excluding any thing like a professional element. Let us suppose, then, that Professor Irving and Dr. Bromby, and the actual heads of col leges and schools, are all eliminated. In that case we get bach to the old unreiormed Council, after wMch some of the present agitators are still hankering, wMch was composed of men who knew sometMng about everything except University work, who rarely attended, who were always bickering with the Professorial Board, and who practically left the whole work of education to be done by committees on which three were a quorum, and of which the Chancellor and Vice-chancellor were always two. It was a body of this sort wMch so thorongMy sickened Uni- | versify graduates of government by outsiders that- a strong association of graduates was formed to help the University Reform Bill of 1830 in its pas sage through Parliament. The trouble that has arisen since then may be traced to a verr simple cause. Since the death of Sir Redmond Barry, who with all Ms defects was an excellent chairman, the University has never had a chairman who could be regarded as thoroughly satisfac tory. Sir IVDliam Stawell was so impe- rious as to provoke revolt. Then followed an illegal interregnum, during which ono man after another was solicited to take the Chancellorship, and declined. At last Bishop Moorhouso agreed to give what time ho could to it, and though lie fell a little short of expectation, from coming too much under personal influence, he was on tho whole a seusiblo and sound administrator, who kept the Univer sity out of any grave trouble. Dr. Hearn's election was an honor lie had well deserved, bnt it seems cer tain that in the attempt to be more than a mere cypher he has overpassed the lines of common prudence. Tho obvious remedy is to watch Dr. Hearn sharply during Ids year of office, and not to re elect him when that lias expired. Beyond this, it is probably desirable to remodel tho Chancellorship. Tho rule which re stricts that office to members of the Coun cil is indefensible in theory, and has been shown to work ill. Three years ago mem ber after member was solicited to take the Chancellorship, and refused be cause lie could not spare time for the work. There is no doubt that it wants a man with a good deal of leisure, and with rather rare qualities of tact and administrative ability, to do the duties of the post adequately. The Chancellor ought to prepare work for the meetings of tho Council, so that time may not be wasted over preliminaries ; to take the initiative in reforms, and to prevent the rather degrading quarrels that startle the public from time to time. Had Dr. Hearn set himself to understand tho ques tion involved to the students in cliMcal teaching he would never have taken up a position from which he was forced to recede ; and though wo very much regret the tone of Professor Ualford's letter about the pay of an assistant, it is eyident that Professor llalford liad been irritated by nnintelligcnt neglect. The one difficulty, the almost insuperable difficulty, is to find, a Chancellor either outside or inside the Council. Some years ago there was a general wish for Mr. Justice Higin- botham, hut sinco then it has become evi- deut that Mr. Higinbothara finds his own work too heavy for him, and he would probably not consent to be nominated. In fact, the business of the University is rapidly outgrowing amateur handling, and yet tho finances of the University do not allow of paying a Rector or Chancellor, as is done in almost every European University, and as we shall certainly have to do here some day. Still, even a small sum, such as £300 a year, might be good in its way, as showing that the post was not to he regarded as merely honorary. Meanwhile, it would lm wall /> in+vnrlri <> Hill of ono clause into Parliament, allow ing tho University" to choose tho best man, wherever he can be found, for its head. Death has tMnncd tho ranks of our best statesmen, "but some years ago thero were several men, trained to business and not ignorant of letters, out of whom a possible Chan cellor might havo been selected. Mr. Gillies has lost no time in. furnishing the House with memoranda from the officers of the Railway Department throw ing light upon Ms recent statement with regard to the excessive cost of railway construction over and above the esti mates. Tho information is very oppor tune, and some of the figures showing where the excess has occurred are almost of Btartling interest. Thus in the suburban lines, extending a littlo over 11 miles, the excess is £150,642. In tho Royal Park and Clifton Hill line, not exceeding 21 miles in length, it is £72,458; and £64,889 in the Fitzroy branch, mileage only .898. In the latter instance the estimated cost for bridges and culverts was £50, while the contract cost was £2870. Metalling the road was estimated to cost £300, and the contract cost was £2037. "With the conn- try lines tho discrepancy is nothing like so great, still the excess over the estimates is equal to 24 per cent, in their case. The enormous increase in the case of the suburban lines is due to the extra ordinary advance in the value of the land, and Mr. Watson, the Engineer in Chief, enumerates among the other causes of the rise the largo addi tional earthworks required, the increased mvintifsr rtf ltnll'icf ntirl + hr» ciiTkati + i,f«j\i of a superior class of timber for sleepers. But a partial explanation of the . mystery is furnished by the statement that " the estimates "were made when the surveys were very " incomplete," nnd "it is only after a " more minute examination of the " country " that the necessity of increas ing them has been shown. TMs is a very important admission, because it throws a flood of light upon the practice of the de partment in relation to railway construc tion. It is a practice that seems to havo always been in vogue, for wo find that Parliament has been in tbe habit of voting largo additional amounts for construction purposes. In tho Longmore lines of 1871, the addi tional sum amounted to £149,000; in the Gillies lines of 1873 to £51,125; and in the Patterson lines of 1880 to £548,455. It is not said for what these sums were required, but wo may conclude tbey were needed, at least in pan, for making up the deficiencies due to de fective surveys and a too hasty examina tion of the country to be traversed. That the estimates can never be otherwise than approximate it is easy to understand. Fortuitous circumstances will send up the prico of land at a bound, and the prico of labor may also be in fluenced by tbe competition of other colonies ; but making allowance for these contingencies we should imagine that the surveys upon wMch the estimates are based might be more accurate than they are, if the construction branch was as well equipped ror the work as it ought to be. It must be remembered that the estimates are what Parliament has to rely upon when it sanctions the lines, and, what is of more importance still, when it sanctions the borrowing of the money that is to make them. The expenditure for engineering and surveying i3 a very heavy item, no doubt. It has already reached over £S4,0C0 lor the lines under Act 821 up to the 30th of June, 1886. But the question for Parliament to consider is whether it is not wiser and more economi cal to spend money in obtaining accurate data for its guidance than to incnr fresh obligations of a large and indefinite amount for the purpose of repairing the blunders that have been caused by imper fect information in the first instance. Experience seems to show that as long as we do not make such a minute examina tion of the routes to be traversed as so delicate an undertaking requires, we must make up our minds to have a supplemen- tary bill of costs presented to us by tin Minister of Railways. Under tho present loose system, we give an advantage to the contractors th.t they arc pretty suro to turn to account. 