CMirape (BY A LIT ruc BIRD.) I " SUPPOSE you thought I was dead didn't yon, but I'm. about I am, and in the feathpr ; and after returning from my travels, was astonished to find you yet in the flesh, but looking .careworn and as thin as a match, and üßll addicted' to wearing old clothes, es- pecially that long-tailed Alpaca co.it, and rag hat. But it's confounded annoying, mind you, to find yon still alive and kicking, and the * Twiukle, Twinkle ' disseminating itself around, when as I have f,o often stated, it ought to have died a violent drath long ago. When I left here two years since, it was currently rpjiorted that you were on your last legs, and a leading resi- dent informed me that he wouldn't give you long to live against the combination of tilent aud ability'tlia't was then brough c to .hear upon you in the columns of the opposition paper ; but here you are again, and the opposition paper is-where is it? "While you, despite your crossness and an obstinate way.of thinking for yourself, ap)iear stuck in the nind as fast as ever, and "ome out so dreadfully regular that the thing is getting quite monotonous. It's a blessing that this state of things however, cannot last for ever, and I am glad to say, that you will shortly be made to tremble in those long indiarubber boots you appear so fond of wearing just now ; and it is expected under the new arrangements how being made at Grafton and Caaino," that for another " twopence up goes the donkey and the * Twinkle, Twinkle.' Im rather sorry as you are getting old, and although.ygu luve peculiar ideas upon mat- ters in general, you seem *o be honest, and stupidly try to pay your way, and endeavor to do.your duty to your readers and sub- scribers, according to your" lights ; but my poor old boy you're not up to the mark, or the days we live in. Who wants honesty or integrity, in. a Newspaper man in these times 1 .Who ¡wants Christian charity, good feeling, or fair ploy between man and man , Who wants anything that is honest or honorable in these days of close compe- tition? What is wanted in a Newspaper man, is a person who can wheelabout, and turn about, and do just so, and never have any lOpinions of his own. Who wants a paper like yours with goody goody leaders upon' Sabbath Observance, and criticisms upon our leading lights, and so on, when a pasta and scissors arrangement is all that is required. For my part I wonder how this state of things has been permitted so long, , .wben'there are so many people in this town- ship capable of running a paper better than you can, and dying for the opportunity to distinguish themselves in this line. Then again,' look at your peculiar conduct with J regard to the great towns of Grafton and Casino,' and their influences. Why you have actually presumed to doubt that Grafton is and will be the leading centre of this Nor- ' thern district/and tliat Casino is its prophet, j Shades of Mahomet, this is not to be borne ! j Don't you know that this is rank heresy, I and:mustJ>e put'down nt any cost, especially as things' are not so good at tin* aforesaid places as they used to was, and something must be done to;prop thom up. Don't you ' know that the leading Graftonites owe you > a grudge for coming forth into the wilder- I ness and helping up the rising township of - Lismore and the Lower Richmond Uiver, until some people (yourself included), aie getting too big for their boots, and have no respect for the lights of other days. But there's something brewing for you this time, as backed by Grafton and Casino influences, the. ^dagger, ,of contumely and neglect will enter*your ''.soiii; lind the ground being cut from under your feet, you will have no resource but to yield up the ghost, or seek fresh fields and pastures new. Of course you've brought all these things upon your- self, as «whoever" beard of a Newspaper, man. minding his own business like you, and keep- ing himself to himself,, and giving everyone fair play, and no favbf. Who wants this «ort of thing" now-a-days 1 What we want is a man who will do as he is told, and bend ¿Ige neck to those set in authority over him, never mind how they attained that position ; ?while we like fairplay all on one Bide, es- pecially with al leaning to the cliques and .uppercrust; and as to Christian feeling and human sympathy, whoever expects to find that in a newspaper ; in fact, the whole thing is almost"-exploded,' as you will be shoitly. While on. this matter I may say that I was presenï at a caucus meeting in a town not more than 1000 miles from here, the other night, when the question of 'settling you were being discussed, and the rfoUswing charges I were .made .against you that your advertising rates, were too high, and that by starting a Mutual Admiration -Mewpitper Company (similar to one not very Tai* away/, all 'the1 Advertisements eoiíld then be thrown. into v a] common fund, and the prices regulated accordingly1-that you em <ployed no one to write, when theie were so many persons in town (none too well off), who were willing to try their hands, for a 'consideration-that you were getting old, ;and that a young unmarried man would be more suitable so as to give the girls a chance *-that having gone up with the town, you knew the ins and outs of people too much, ~and that the infusion of new blood and ideas ?was desii able in newspaper matters heio that you never consulted anyone as to the aaanagomriit of your paper, -when there were so many capable of ^showing you how to do it-that despite your seedy appearance, it, I .?iras thought that your were making a pot of ^money, and had gathered property together 1/while other men in your line seemed to have, no luck ; but as I noticed a representative of the banking interest who was present shrug liis shoulders, I presumed this was all in ray eye, and Betty Martin. There wete a nnm _ber of other charges laid against yon tod numerous to particularize, and a knight of the cross who was present, and appeared , strongly to support the idea of an opposition paper, said so many things as to your shortcomings, that my only wonder is, how . -with mich a load of sin und sot row on your shoulders, you can walk the street« and look so childlike and bland. It was also .stated that a fit and proper person could be .found at a moment's notice, who would com \- bine all the qualities in which you were "deficient, and that provided so many shares ; 'were subscribed for, the thing could be set j £oing at once, and it- was confidently ex >pected that this, the second attempt to cot ajaron ¿down ,«rouid be stTccessfaT/ as it was, , .<? i thought you had not the go in yon that you used to have, and that although you had been brought np in a wood, you were easilv seared by owls, and that as you were suffer- ing from heart-disease and anxiety of mind, you would double up very quickly. I merely mention these things to you to put you on your guard, as some of your so-called friends when they are shaking hands with you, have the knife of rancour in the other ; and in fact, judging by what 1 see around me, I would rather lie a " Little Bird," than a. preacher of the Gospel, or a Newspaper man in these days. Talk of the powers of the Pulpit and Press what are they in these times, when it is every man for himself, and the gentleman in black is eligible for the highest honors anywhere. Bnt having spoilt your sleep, and shattered your nerves, my moms on this topic are done for this issue, hut you'I hear from me again shortly, as my souls in arms, and eager for the fray. Oli, you. [We are glad to find our old friend the " Little Bird," is still on the flutter np a tree, and we think he should have drawn it milder-half and half, as it were ; but we pnrpoäe answering some of his unkind comments in our next.-Ed. ' Star.'] 