Loco! and General News. A man named Jainen MoKenua dun! in the Hn-pnai on £ii;i Kiiunlio I on Kiidny. 10,000 sheep will CT»« Urn reserve to luo i nv, i,anstlowne fur Kve.Oiatn, Mi. \Vj!.j;im.*on HI charge. Tbel>>c*d M«d A J ire Down* UacheJor.s give a dmcciu tin: Iinll this evening ; aii _Tamb-> irii-ml < give a grand bull (io-iuoirow) Si. I'atrick's night. After a In.jr pi'tiul of Tiuj*)i'Ct our City leaner* are firming the M»mh Mite <»f Sham* rock-street Ir-jin I'lt'inaiis-sircct to .Miort KtnMM. Consul*ring the amount |mid in lute-. l»y properly holder*, on thai wde id' the hi it is u v\ under they hnvc been jiHt ietu SO The conti< wince of the drought has upparently, lolled ail friendly competition among our pa.siorulisis. Again another year will piivs wiilinui a show of the Rarcoo I'sHora! When will good tunes again id.trc the Cr««wn lenani in the face ? Notice to Correspondents,-'*AniJaifth Cor."-We are MiipiiM.'il at you sending us such ft libellous production us live letter t'ro»u .* Frank Reynolds." Whether he is a *. reli able |iei>on" or otherwise, is in» reason we should run ftguin>*l a score of libel actions, ami give as many gratituous advis. to Reynolds' friends-It in not a fact that we have come into Vaudeibilt's fortune. B., Ueireat."-Me.s«rs, Huylock A: Co. have been appointed agents f-»r Kuli«»ri*« Wire Strainer, and particulars respecting it will b«* advertised as boon as a consignment of machines come to bano, early next month. " T.A.U.. Nive."-Sorry we have 1101 a copy lelt containing report of Laud Hoard bittiu^b at Hlaekall. The Weather.-Wo have experienced roast peculiar weather bince last )b^ue. Alter cevetul very warm dav>, a cool S.K. biv.c&c; bet in, dispersing the numerous clouds, which for pusi lew days had been gathering ftoin the *>uih. KhiIi was reamed on Thursday morning iiwu .^prin^urv, 0.U7 in.; mni Mitchell, 1.50 in.; nothing ideally. Until tiaiurday an*I Sunday nights were bitterly e«fld for the time of year, the glnss going down to (tie tilues. Our hopes ot ram are again dispelled, and it looks as if v\earc in ( it another period ol drought. A rainfall of b.O in. in ihree days is recorded ut Cairns; a downfall ol 0.0 iu. having occurred iu oue day alone. The Central Railway .-The Rockhfimpton Buti'tm .-»)*? ;-A Je»v weeks ago wt aJiuocu to i he proper thai wa- being made with the coii6ir(>ciioii ot tne u-ghtb section of the Ceiiu.d ititil ny-which expends Iroit) Jeneljo io ltarcaJ'Jmc-amJ slated it was the .uicmiou ot' tUe contractor* (fiiessra. U'K^urkc Si Alicarn) to u>e every endeavor facilitate us completion. YVe are eorry to hear they b&ve; uot been able to pioi-wj u. rapidly an they wibhed owing to the U"n« an iVitl oi lad*, 'i'ney have tne deepen and all other tu&^Tial that is procurable in the Central iJibtrict ou the ground, and every thing id in a forward tiiatc. Ab boon as me lailti come tc band they will be laid down, and bbouid (hey arrive in a few days it ib wore than likely the line will be ready f«Ji opening to the loivtmhip ol Burcalditie in three or four months titne. The town naoied ik' at Lagoou Creek, twelve tniles from the end of tne aection, and allutmcuie iu it bavu been sui veye is thought io be a tnoie buitable one tor a betilemeuL tbnn the country at the end of the bection. Mount flforpB/).-Wc learn on very good auihuniy tnm me jumper* have no imeimoii of contenting iltein&elves; with our Supreme tJoun'b decision. Ti»e Privy Council ib to be appealed to, and we bhuii probably see a repetition ol' ihc "Flying 1'ig" claim disputed m Ihouiborotigh. In ibis ca*e tb6 lawyers] bad the cash, and the parties concerned the verdict. 'Jhe evidonce to us seernd clear enough. Assuming A has a bad title, HUB fact does not give D a good one. A is iu 1 possession and apparently intends keeping it. I H cun nardly clann a title from iuc biniple | fact that be boldti a miner'* right, at lea*l j we lh.uk wo. The gold iu any cums won't re-; main in Mount Morgan, and liockbampton { U)U>t surely leap the beuetit.-Uuekhaiupton ! Mercury. ! Bmemld.-Reports as to the state of the dipnoi ure very discouraging. A traveller I from bpnng.vure t»a Cullui-l.i>ritigo and 1 Kerniees, btinea tlicre is liar green gr;ias to be Been throughout the route. : Uetween bcre and Anakie, and up the Uler* mom brunch, thinge are mu6h the Game. 'h>e only gra^s worth speaking of is the dry witnerell patches of lasl year. There is a better oppearauee cto»n the line, but every report goes to show that all ihc tainfnll uc have had ba« l»een ol the most scanty and patchy kind, as compared with eveu tiie i wor*i seasons we have yet experienced. The Hood cxpccied by eome i« yet to come, but a* lur as the weather ol the pa^t few daya mfty bt>eak it is phenomenal cuough, eren (or a flood. 101 (legs, in the shade is bot enough for luidbumtner.- It, MuUttm. The Gold Rush.-The rumor of the dis covery of 'he precious metal tu the far we&t; | has created A great amount of interest, and j many per&mn;?, intent upnn sntduig tbe hidden treasure, called at our office during tbe week for tulcgiapUic information. Several tele-1 grams have arrived in town; all of a very din-; couragmg nam^. The discovery is supposed to have taken place on Waverney run, a distance of W) or 70 miles wuhL ol iViudorah, on the road tu ttirdsvillc. Over 20 person** had appl cd to Bergeant Thoma* WcUlo>ker, btationed at WindiTah, fur milter's rights. A iclcgratu received by a private gentleman ou Thursday stated that silver was to be found in Mnall quantities, but noihiug worth troubl ing nboui ; our coirc»pondeut at Canterbury will wire if attyihtug important occurs. Acting under instiuctioiis from the Depart ment Set-gcunt MeClo»ker went out to the field from Windor&h;, aud upon returning wired to his superior officer at Ulackall; the substance of bis report is us follows Ex amined all reported gold bearing country, tiaw neither gold Nor quarts:; saw party in the ranges marking off p .oapecting area. Am of opinion if gold fouud it will be deep i«ef jug at great expeuse. There is DO waier at or ucar the place for mtuing or other pur pose«. Saw nothing to juntify slightest rush. There are about 20 meu at- tlie Canterbury [ Hotel, about eight miles from the reported 1 gohifield, mostly travellers. Very little j (fxcremeot. Siiggasl public be cautioned against a rush, ine country is all ranges. | and whuro goll is reported to be found is dark iroustotie." Presuming tiiat Sergeant McCloxker is uompeteut to judge of the op posed auriferous country, this intelligenee bhould be sufficient to deter anyone from I venturing to Waverney with the expectancy of *' making a pile.*' Local Pastoral News.-8. Kerile & Co, report for week ending 10th insiaot as fol lows :-Weather-With the exception of a change for tbe butter, as regards the daily temperature, nothing to note of any conse quence. The extreme heuL lately experienced has given way to tuedimn warm days with cool nights. No rain fell during the week. Cattle-Buyers are holding back for fear that stock routes will shortly be unavailable. Under date 11th instant we learn from Hris bane, market was bru of cattlo. liest bullocks made fro"* fcG to £7 15s., the latter price being obtained for really prime toast*. In bydney same date, cattle f< 11 20p. per head ; and best beef wn£ I sold at 22*. Gd. per 100 lb-.-Sheep-The state of the country mokes vuul.i-be buyers catitimiH. nttd although many nre anxinu's to iv-itrKsk, one and all suetu determined to bide awhile, before actually investing. A proper downpour of ra;>n would ouu-ca lively busi* t<; ensue. Jn ttri»b.me M»rch Il^h, bevt merino wethers realised from 9s. to 10*., and prime cross-breds up to 1(1*. Cd. Fifty pound wethers are worth 7s. Cd. in Sydney.-Miscel* lancous-On account of W. H. Campbell, Km)., we sold by auction on the 11th and 13tb, the whole of his household furntture. Not withstanding that ficveral furniture sales had Uuly taken place, »bt*itwl f«ir pricttu Wi tball snbmiton tbet(Hbi Dr.iohQttoti1* tettxHMdd fundt«ri«iJf(tofc &jjfc4uif;*r» JnUii# itort; 1 ' WJwv ate our Irishmen that no sport*. Itc^ have be«D got up lo celebrate the Ould Sod's patron Saint t In another column Mr. Tolano invites (he attendance of all interested in getting up sports on Easter Monday. We hope there Will he a huge muster. The " Pioneer'' bure in now alnut 4C0 fe't in depth. During (he reeming and piping haie been pjoceeded with. There in tt ill any quantity of water in the bjtv fur working purpose*. The police are pn^fiivc «hat (lie remains ai Sandy Creek were tmi ti f.mculn. i:«MippoH-d. Lincoln i> more* over an excellent bushtunn, mui could not lune Lt«n lust in such country. i Municipal Election.'-On Wednesday, the Itctuiuing Olticur attended toe C aincl Chamber*! to receive nomination* for the posi tion of Alderman rice Mr. James KiiWi.-on, resigned. The only paper handed in was I Mr. Daniel Bridge, Auctioneer* Blackull, ; nominuted by Ratepayer* Jame* Murdoch. W. 0. Manner, Jas. McKetiftie. E. Tied. U. Jame*, M. S. 'Twlano, and £. Nevilu. Mr. Uu next year. A Wages Dispute.-On Wednesday, before the I'.M. and Mayor, Charle* Huwk>well, bricklayer, sought to recover flic bum of *8 lOf. alleged to be «lue for wages from James McOu'lucli, contractor. Defendant acknow- j le Iged an indebtedness of £2 upon cntuplc- ' ti«/u of parsonage. Plaintiff deposed to defendant risking him lo erect three chimneys nothing being bui Defendant pan) various Miiull hiu^ from time lo time, and at end of week (March 5lb) defendant gave iiitu £l, which made £4 now due. The remain ier of the account was for litue supplieJ. Toe Bench said they hud only to deal with the wages due at present time. Defendant said no tfaturday, February 27m, he titled up with plaintiff to dm*; for the last week he had been working o» brick layer's laborer, at lO.s, per day, He did not demur at paying plaintiff f»»r that week, hut be was positive he "squared" up with plaintiff fi»t all work dcue to February 27.: A verdict Win, returned tor £4, and 3*. 6d. j costs of Court. LqbI in the Bush.-Information was re ceived by the Bluckall police on March 5th, to the effect that a man named James Cai . penduie, better known as ''Jimmy Duncan," i ba Saturday, and w-us supposed to have allayed away. Constable Ciuig and ft tracker wete de».pati»hcd at ouoe, and returned to town ou WeonttrtJay jc»JJooi) without having die* covered Udeeiot Carpendale. "Jimmy" has tin* name ol being rather au eccentric indivj. dual, and having frequently taken long walks to commune with Nature," no notice was al fir^L taken of his difiappeithiiec, It is not at nil probable that the remains found at &audy; Creek were tbo*e of Carpendale. Po//ce Court.-During the week the follow ing bubinc.sa was disposed of John John* siun for having too freely pari uken of the flowing bowl, pieadnd guilty, and was tiued 108., in- 48 hours.-A hacker's licence wa^ granted Messiv. Zobel & Howring.-On the 6ili Egau and Collins were brought up in '.'tislody, find after hearing the evidence of Johu Hawkins (published elsewhere), were remanded lo the JUth John Hawkins was Mjbbvqucmly charged with being an unwilling wuuchs, but wax discharged.-Au oath of allegiauce wo* admiuistercd to I). Oiutrichson. The Robbery Case. -The case againnt Coiiias aud 1,'gau w** ic^umed ou Saturday, 8t*d. Johu Hawking n lejiutel male ot Kgan'6 was brought from Tarobo to give cvidenec. He deposed a* follows I am a laborer, lately residing at Tambo; I retneui. bar tUe 12m of February ; I know both the prisoners: pritoner Egan wan a mate of tome i »r a short time, ami we arrived at blackail together about (tie loth February ; we *tayeu at. Uatiks1 Hotel: prisoner Egan elept and boarded there towo ; I was at Bankn' till about 11.30 on the ujght of the 12th ; I never i^aw piisouera after uuppertime on that night; I did not eiiher <;f the prisoner* until about 11.30, when I met prisoner Egan etanding at a post outside Leader's Hole!; he was sick ; 1 took him back to Bank^\ and put him in his bed. room; it must liavc bceu nearly 12 o'clock wheu I gut tj liauks'; £ did not see prisouer Collius f prisoner figan was drunk; 1 had uo conversation with primmer; 1 then went to my camp on the other Bide of ihe dam fence; I did no* tee prisoner Egan again until the next day ; Egan told mc that he bad been spoken to about the robbery.-On the 10th priBohers were brought up agaiu befoie P.M. j puking, Mayor James, and Aldermen Budge, J s.l'., aud the police closed their caws. In reply lo ^the usual question and caution,* prisoner Eg&u; said he pled guiliy to helping rubbing iJryan, but not the assault; Colliti< baid he was not guiliy of cither the robberv or asanuli.-Prisoners were then committed to take their trial at nest District Court, to be fceM a( Blaclali ou 'i'hurdday, Julr 1st. Uail was refused. Hospital Affairs,- We arc informed a special meeting ol Committee was held at l*nuu's Hotel, ou Wednesday evening, for the purpose of ivccmng the resignation of Dr. W. H. Johnston, and any other business that may ari*e. Mr. Hudgc was voted to the chair, and uearly all town meraliers of Committee were present. The Secretary read a letter from Dr. Johuston resigning bis position as burgeon of the hospital. In the discussion which followed, it being stated that the suigeon wishing to be relieved from duty as soon as possible, it was resolved to accept the resignation, and to waive ttie three months* notice as required by the rules of the Institu tion, and allow the doctor's teim to expire as aoon as the Committee weie fortunate enough in securing another medical man.-Mr.Jas Hartley being a contiactor to the lustiiuiion tendered hia resignation an a member of Committee, and Mr. 0. W. Sargeaut WAS appointed in his stea l.-On Thursday even i»ag the Committee again met at the flarcoo Hotel; Mi. Sargeant was voted to the Chair and thirteen other Comraiftec(u sent. Numerous telegrams wet* read, the result of which was t<>e appo/Wtneiu uf i»r Button, of Brisbane, as Dr. JohnstonV suc cessor. Tiii* gentlcmau bears a verr high name, and is recommended by Dr. Webb as posseniing high qualifications aud euiuble ness for thu Barco i. A Fencing Dispute.-On WedncHny, bfifore the P.M. aud Messrs. Budge and Jamec, J*a.P Jt. A. Mark well sued J. L. Martin for tin. 9d" bfting for half.feuce erected by him. Defendant said ihe amount was exeewive. It appear* tbnt the fence, which is 27 eliaina In length, consiBta of x wires, and wa< I worth £60 per mile. Defendant not appear-! ing willing to pay bis share at this rate, MI un Nifhtaiiding was come to that Mr. Mor- : risby should be a?ked to arbitrate in tbe tuaftwr. Defendant refund to accept Mr. i Morribby's decihion, and eventually defend-1 «nt conwented to ublde by Mr. Morrisby'w arbitration at a reduction of £6 per mile lor ] fence. Upon the award being made defend-1 ant again refused to accept n,ns one-four teenth part for depreciation had tint hern i deducted. Plaintiff contended Mr. Morrisby ' had examined und valued the fence as it Rtuod, and had nothing to do with allowing for (Jcprccia'ion ; he (Markwell) had already allowed more lliatienougii for depreciation in reducing the value of the fence *5 per mile. -In reply to the Bench, defendant said he admitted £7 4*. 8d,-In giving judgment for amount duimed, wuh 6-. costs, the Chairman said it wa* to be regretted that neighbors went to law over such trivial matters. To Sportsmen*-A notice in enothercolumu announces that it has been decided to post pone (he Aramac Jockcy Club race:", sine die, owing to thu continued prospect of drv weather. This if a fffrp very much to be regretted. Mutfaburrft, however, app<'ais io hnvu determinod upon holding a meeting on the 28th May. It is notified that eutne» aw inviied by the &win;*y for 8;re«. 2 und 8-year-old progeny will bo eligible to run at this meeting.-We hate roi- eived h ropy of No. 1 of the <}iuen*land Itncinff tAtlrnaar, the authorised journal of the Q.'l'.O. « DPumnt 4ie suUiMheit mmilblfi ui* »botiM fr* in iht hatidi nU ftMrtjsaMh. tVofftaioe* of ewaing «rents Ji fiMlsB^I, wulu of «e«t PW efam, eolm>, and took* ditto*, tlisqQaiitiotiUguft. and a vai*aty ot yttoi-ttWter. ' The Dedication Serrioe at the Parsonage on bunday did not come off, owing to non completion of building. Rent Liet.-\\\rc Lave a copy of the Cautte conuiiiuug payments of rent* under the Humestnad and Conditional clftu-i-s of the several Land Acta of ihu ) iny, mid have placed baine vu tue Champion lea ling loom u.Ue. Just ati we ver^poiiifr t*j pre** we received ;i tcifti.Hiii liytn Mr. K. I). Iltinie-, Seuietury of the Li. W.I). Jockey Chili, Taint) ', blaiutg ih*t .'the Northampton Gift is to be opt to all li'ir.-Ch, OU.'.-r conditions w»uie. Please »r eet." Winton Extractions.—The Government intends making dams on Landsborough Creek, on the Hughenden and Muttaburra road; also on the Richmond and Woolgar road. The timber for the Winton school buildings has arrived.—A land sale is to be held at Camoola, near Muttaburra, this month.— Writing from Bowen Downs, a correspondent say that the country round for several miles is in want of rain, there being not a blade of grass, but on several of the outside portions of the run there have been fine showers, making both grass and water.—A meeting of hospital subscribers has been held for the purpose of revising the rules of the Institu- tion. The principal alterations are as fol- lows:—Tickets of admission to be transfer- able (which will result in men clubbing together for purchase of one ticket), but non- transferable tickets can be obtained for 10s. each, extending over a period of twelve months; the surgeon is required to visit a patient before his admission to the Insitu- tion, if such patient is unable to attend (within the town boundary); all convales- cent patients shall be required to do any light work about the hospital.—The following are the total rainfalls taken at Weina head station:—1881, 15.15 in.; 1882, 16.02 in.; 1883, 12.88 in.; 1884, 8.45 in. ; 1885, 7.41 in. —At the Police Court, John Jones, better known as "Towney," was fined £5, or three months' imprisonment in Blackall gaol for using profane language. Defendant tried to show that the words "Jesus Christ" and "Holy Ghost" being in the Bible were not profane language.—J. B. Stanley, false pre- tences, remanded for eight days.—F. G. Credlands, horsestealing, was again remanded (how many more remands).—James Gavan, charged with illegally using a horse was dis- charged.—Peter Wierman was charged with fraudulent insolvency. The case was ad- journed for eight days to allow accused to obtain witnesses for the defence.—The case against David Wierman, for illegally receiv- ing property from Peter Wierman, with intent to defraud the latter's creditors, was dismissed.—Jacky and Billy, charged with murdering one Dicky, were remanded for eight days.. Magisterial Enquiry.-The following arc the aepuauums ot uuuua^eH ejcatniued at an enquiry huld at Blaekall la>t Friday, I2ili iubi.« into the cause ®1 death of a id an named licuiy Mahonev, at the Biaekall Uoapanl the previoua Wednesday Jauie* Kelly dc j>o.seU that he was wardbtuati of the Uluckal! Dibtiict Ho.spitul; lie knew deceased, who was admitted into the hospital on February lUiU, aud wua au iutnate uuttl hia death, which oticurred on March Uth, at 4 o'clock a.m., in his presence; deceased was not con fined to Ids bed; be produced the hospital burgeou's case regibter, in which decea^edV name wan entered in handwriting of Dr. Johnbtou, %be buigeon, anii uuder the head of ?' Disease" was entered the word " debility"; deceased autSered from very great aUurmo^ 1 of breath ami i&bjredbreatb.ug; ; about three j days before his death decea.»ed lost bis voice,! apparently from his inability to breathe; ! Ucce&ted; cough mixture ; no extras ; he waa last seen I by the hobpiial buigeou on 8ib March; the 1 b'urgeon did not visit the hospital ou the I Iviui March; deceased Mold bim that be 1 thought be was suffering fruui his heart; on tbe 9th March the burgeon maJe no change in the treatment; on the nigbtof the lOib deceased was t>o ill and the burgeon not hav* ing betiti at tbe hospital all day. be went to town and saw th2 hospital committee ; be I .old them tbe state deceased was in, and | tliey vent for Dr. Johnston, who was told on hu coming of deceased's state; the doctor said be would see deceased the tir&i; thing in tbe morning; witness told the committee he did nut thiuk deceased wouli live tt>raugu the night; he returued to the hospital and sat up with deceased all night; deceased did not bleep, but moaned be&vily; aU night; about four o'clock oo morutug ut the iith inht., deceased took a 6t of coughing and vomittcd about thix« quarts and a-half of dark-colored slotted blooa, and then expired imfflcdi-Atelv *, early in the morntng he c&ue; to town and repotted the death to the doctor and the committee; the doctor said "I thought as much ; I cxpecte i him to die every minute** *, witness also reported d\>atb to tbe Police Magit»uate, who ib District Registrar, and auggeated that as the ueath bua been budden and uuder peculiar circum» stances it might be deairable to hold a post mortem ; no pobt-uiortem uab held ; about half-past 8 o cluck p.m., Doctor Juimstou came to the hcspnul and gave htm orders to prepare for a post-mortem; he made tbe preparations, and when he bad done so Dr. Johnston said that he was not going to bold u post-mortem ; the deceased was buried ai I o'clock p.m. on the 12th ; tbe «urgeon gave him (.certificate of death, which be proUuced; in the certificate the cause of death was mated as debility; he had had more than two years' experience as a hospital ward#* man ; he bad seen blood thrown up by con buuipuve patients; the color of tbe blood vomittcd by deceased wni* quite diffeient from that of consumptive patients; it was almost black; be bad had a patient under bis care who died from aneuribm of the aorta; ibe symptoms of that patient were identical with those exhibited by dtue&fccd;, an4 both patients died under exactly similar circem tiiatiees.-Michael Dillon, Sergeant of Police at&tionftd; at DJackall, depoMtd that on the morning of tbe lUh met., by direction of the Pulice Magistrate, he went iu search of the Government Medical Officer, Dr. W. H. Johnstou, for the purpose of roqu;nng him to bold a pust-mai iem upon the b^iy of one Henry Mahoney, who was n»poned to have died suddenly at tiic hojpltal; be wuot to Dr. Johnston'* residence, aud was there tol-i that Dr. Johnston wan wivep and c mid not be *eeu; be then went to tbe hospital, where he wan i»hown tbe body of deceased, whico was in the dead-houoe; he cxamiucd the body, but fuuud no marks of violence on it; tbe boity was slightly diwcolored in breant, bead, auii face, ami some dry blwod on lips . fn>m informaiifn which bad come to bis knowledge, be believed that Dr. Johnston would not have been able to hold a post mortem that morning; be reported the facts io tlio I'olice Mngisnate, who then gave an order t»* the burial ot tbe body. 1'nu cloaud the enquiry* Unclaimed Letters.-Unless claimed one momb fr.»m date will be forwarded to tbe Dead Jitter Ottiee, B«-i«banej Andereoa. J" Andersoni T. _ . bade TiiomM, Batci Bliss, Brown D;, Borham Harald, Beaumont W. (8), bell Xnornas. Bums M. Clui blu J obn , Cavactu Andrew, carrot XWotky. Dftvoy Xinhua. UK E»ina Jan. laj- " - Fleetwood Tuomas, Femifull Jao. tiib«ou U., 0«u»u MeroertC. " . _ Hawaii A. W.» Harris Alf., Bammet C. J., Bag> erty John. __ __ Jjut'a J. H.t Jooes . T . Ereil 13. E., Keough Thomas, Keougb John, Kelly '°Luua WillUu; W' M.. Umtnoii Otorge, LMdii>Ari5.'ituricl H E.. Miuphr W. C.. Martin CUriiKipliir. Monui T. F.. Murrmr tttnoi.. Mmclar laoo J. 11.. McDonald J. A. Konrsc Mr., Neil II. Pent H., Pesne Slary Ann, Plngle JtttldSr A. E., fir*"* M., Robiaaou J. F., Bows Mr., EicJiftrdsou b. tJ), ltsina*e 6y rimith Mirvam, Steodiuaa Cbducs. 'Itfue Mr., fiu-aer £., Xnduer John, Tipptt Mn. Wriuht bftiuLcl, Woodtiiorpe Thoinas, Wakenshani A., Woodooca V. J., Wedgewood lt.» Wason 1>. -'tJ. W. tiAnOUAKTi rosiuia-ief, Ulackall, March 1st. 1886. WARRILLA WINE.-Awarded a prize medal and certificate of merit at the Philadelphia Centennial Lxuiwuou, 18T6: al«o houorable meatton at uw tot* DxhibiUon of 1676. aud llret prirt (medal) at ? i.ft a.jniv interna tioaal EAhlbitioni ib^P-sw.--lrwm isT., w«iiu» ' AtL 