NEW SOUTH WALES ZOOLOOICAL SOCIETY. THE ANNUAL MEETING. ,t Tho emiinl. general meeting of tho Now South' Wales [?Zoolorâol. Soojety took place nt Aarons' Exchanco - Hotel yesterday, afternoon. There was a good attendauco of, members, and tho President of tho society (Mr. Arthur T.. 'Holroyd, F.L.S., ¡F.Z.S., P.EÍG.S.) occupied tho chair.i Amongst those present were Messrs! W. Bradley (hon.' sec.), George Wall. C. 0. Skarratt, M'm. Beaumont, S. M,! Fninklaad, J.. Inglis,.M.L.A., and Dr. Dansey. Tba minutes of thc proviens onnuul meeting were read and confirmed. r Mr. Ty. 11/ CATLETT, 6CcrctnrjVtUcn read thc following, nmiual report :-rt' Tho coinmilico of tho New South" Wales' Zoological Society, iu submitting their seventh annual report to tha Follows and members havo agnin tho satis-' faction of congratulating them on tho marked progress tho society bia made during the last ten months ; tho society's now niles", adopted at tito hst nnnunl meeting, having made tko.fltinncinlycar.to ond iu future on thc 31st Decem- ber, instead ofj ns heretofore, on tho 25th Fobrunrv. Tho recyipfs.frem tho gates, elephants,' nud-donkeys"for thu ir.n niopfIIB . ai'omiaid amounted io £2700 Os. fid., as asaicst X^3o2 7,s. lld. for tho previous 12 months; tbeso timbres .cl caf Iv prove how rapidly tho gardenn arc becoming a^ favourite place of resort to ojl, classer of the communty. The nauiber of adults registered at tho turnstiles was C9.352, of children SG.CG'J, making u total of 105,41-1; but this number dees not include-" tho adults and children ftdmittcd. ut tho Cloveliind-.'itrcct tntranecs. on l»li friends' tue we«- i.f 'fostering a "tii*to fer /ooJogv "and nntaral science, in tb* rising generation, your committee allowed the pupils of tho Public «nd Denominational schools freo admission to. tho Gardens on thc first Tuesday of every month, if accompanied bv their teachers. The 5rh" ol May wiw thc first in o day, and 1273 pupils and 3H teacher« tool: udvaniagc of tho occasion fo visit tho Gardens. On tho 2u\X Jjui'j there we« 21ÜU pupils and 67 teachers in tim .Garden«: and tu. the numbers continuer! U, increaso, and ¡ BO many children con (j rc gut inp together mode it unpleasant1 to member* ohd visitors, tho conitnittco decided, in o:der to minimisa tho inconvenience, to mako ovory Tues- day n freo day to. ilio Public and Denominational schools children Hy this arrangement 16,783 pupils und 491 trvtrhers have inspect«! the Society'» tocnagcrio during tho past eight months. The Society's Menagerie. - During the past year the efforts of the committee have principally been directed to procuring and purchasing the larger carnivora. Mr. R. L. Tooth's handsome donation of £200, together with the Government subsidy of £ for £, en- abled your committee to purchase from the Cal- cutta Zoological Gardens a pair of splendid Royal Bengal tigers; while four fine male leopards, three black and one spotted, were purchased from Mr. Chiarini's circus. Captain Hay also very kindly purchased a pair of young leopards for the society; and a fine young male tiger was purchased by the secretaries, from Sumatra, at a very moderate figure. Captain Ghost also purchased in Cali- fornia a pair of beautiful pùmns. Two young Japanese bears havo been received from tho Burcnu of Agriculture of tho Kingdom of Japnn, on thc understanding "that wher of Hobart. Tn« of a fine Tawnanian wolf-«ri nmn.ru now yerv âifl objfiin, and therefore all'thiMnom valuable to tho i lOeloty brut nlso received a pair i exchange. Two substantial, nights .of B tho bear-pit, and ft strone; iron fenro has teen placed in fronte/ the cami vow cages and bear-pft. Thc oeinganul deer paddock has also been enclo.-od with iron railings, and the wooden, ono. which was removed lm been utilised for mating dividing, fences for tho emu,und ostrich paddock*. .Thc unsightly old. tbrea'-rail fencing in front of the çmu paddocks has befa, removed, and replaced by a post and rail fence, covered with Iron ncLting. Tho walks of tho upper terrace und grounds hi minor improvement,, have Til« Kcfrcïhraeut Itoom-___._ Company, at die. expiration of iheJr ur«t year of entering nt thu gardens, printed thc society with n cheque for £30 for haring allowed them thc uso of the n;oms free of eharge, and yoiir committee havo leased tho rooms to thc aune finn for Vi mi-nths ut a rental of £35, from tho 1st Doceniber.Inst. ArelimatlwUon of Trout ond Perth. ;ea>ou MOO trout ova were purchased bv this society "." c.i..v_ ".()f TafclM-:loia for thQ So-ioly, and ut tho could rvise in their district for tho purchase of front ova tor «iwktag tîie New England river*. Ym:r committee have received (be bum of £32 lui. from tito above-mentioned I sodtry, and thooxpnn-cs of peking and froitrhtof the MOO I ovii.camo to.£41 lb*;, so that thLs society wili. havo to ex . pond ia thc- pureba so of trout ova noxc sca*on thc sum of £23 4s., arid will huvo to cover.anv further sum which tho New England society may send for tho abovo-mcntioned purpo.10. Mciurs. Alfred Godbey and V7. M. Harris, tho Ler.omry ttcroturies of tho New England Acclimatisation Society, havo reported aa follow*' to our secroiary as to tho results of their experiment t., 'vj».:-'Vic aro pleased to bo ohio to report tliat, so far as can bo ascertniruid, our efforts in tho pÁ^t season havt-been fi'uc'eeAsIuJ, (iud that tho.pre- vious ntlompts rn.ade.by Hr. (J. H. Gill havo alwi given ex r/'llcnt resulta, trout of conaideriiblc size buvingbcen taken in i .tlioM'Dor.atdllivor; any further, that vourïg fj3h of this : season's hatching hayo been found in the same waters, un I donbtcdly the progeny of Mr. Gill's fUh, as we placed no ! yi>HHK fish i" tho McDonald H\x¿r. These, gentlemen alco J ask'tho' aföxianeo of .this society to gd thc river* and bf reams in ..their district eloped fur two or three years, os tbijy confider that Ibo. young flub have enough to fear for tho present from", birds, and fiches.' Mr. William Cope, solicitor, niosí generously gave tho society a lox of salmon ova sod n cox ot trout ova,-together with his ova-hatching, boxes aid apparatus- unfortunately, when the ova nrrived In .tho s.s. Khedive tlicy vero completely decom- posed .and useless^ but your conimittci hójio to bo nblo next season, to ,utiliie the hatching appiratus in tho , gordons for, the edification of country gentlemen . and , lovtri of- piscatorial pursuits." Thc Aquarium" Fund : Tb« Aquarium Fund st tho end of .December, with tho Government, subsidy of £ for £ ;njaorait«l.to-£1130 6s., and other sums have been promised. .OB.tho.23rd Qf November last, .your committeo eciit their .MCTctary.to Mcibourno to innpect tho aquarium in that city, and to obtain such information,as would bc valuable for the erection ^of ono in tho Zoologtal Gardens, Mooro Park.. Tho socretarv-wns very hospitably received bj thc trustees of .tho Exhibition, Building, and-.by Mr. Sherrard, their seorot.ory, who very kindly gnve bun many valuable sug-. .gestions, and has promised to give any-further information .which may.be req.uirodon.thc subject. As.tko Melbourne aquarium has.bccn c decided SUCCORS, Hoers, Shecriu nnd Hennessy havo been instructed to prparce a plan.and qwuiûcnlion foe a building sui labio for un aquarium hero. . Tho thanks 0f tbo.aociery ore agam especially due te tho Parliament oí Kew South Wales, for liberal subsidies votcdjn aid. of tba society ; to tho.Govemment of tho day, ? for aashtAnca rendered in cabler^ghingior'and imparting, tltrougli tßo'Agent-General (Sir S:iu( Samuel), tho splendid yoong ? lionc*.^ Nancy, from landon; to tho Hight' V'oribipful Uio_LMayor end City .Council, for. havinir allowed tho incioty ui-e of an additional picco pf ground : to .Captains Qheit.aod Ifay,. for purchasing, animals 'for tho society.; to Mr. E.'.W. Knox, for vene hhna>ouio donations of migar cano ; to. the Collector of Customs and other gentle-. men, for donation» of condemned ship biscuits, for thc -elephants; and to.thc proprietors and editors of tho Sydney prens, for pubhshing in.thoir papers the. proceedings of. tho. soci.cty's meetings, and for other valuable services rcn Thc report was adopted. . , .K . ... ...Tho balance-sheet of tho KÓeiety" wiu'fttm submitted w the meeting. .Tho statement, showed that there-was O' balance of £o32 ós, öd: roinaújing.i;i t¿6 iodetyVJhvour "at tho bank.- ..Tho toWrcccipls nninujitcd- to £74Q7¿10s. Sd. Tho donations . already" received, to .thu.aquarium, fund amountcd to. £23¿ is, TJUo.fntui amount of-tho-Govern- ment subsidios for thc year lí'Sí-¿ ítogother widi tho cost of- the liouess paid-in I-ondon by-tho hon. tho Colonial neera to open the ballot, for tho election ot otllccrs for tho criming year, flic following is a Ustiof ?tliö'oflrcb-bearora: Prcsidout: Mr.. ArthiiE"T. Iiolrovd, F.L.Sy-FJi.S., F.R.G.S. Vice-presidents': Hon. Sir John Robertson, K.C.M.G.,- M.T., Dr. George Bennett, F.L.S., F.Z.S., Mr. Robert Lucas Tooth, Mr. Thomas Walker. Council : Dr. Dansey;-Mr. "Willjäm Beaumont, Mr." Samuel L." ïraukhuid, Mr. J. K. Hill; Mr. James -Inglis, M L.A., Mr. John-Keep, Mr. Charles Moore:-F.L.S., C.M.Z.S.," Mr. 0. C. Skarntttjond Mr._G- F. Want. Honorary. treöurar: - Mri ATfrST Harcourt. "H'onorary secretary : Mr. Walter Bradley... . . .. .. :; Ip apswer ..to a inctjibcr; tho secretary stated tbat". his: Excellenoy- the-Govcrnori-Lonl Carrington, had conscntcd to becétño thç i'iÀtnin of tb¿ society! ? ... Mr. Ii,. Skcíioi'iL .motud-tho - following, resolution,-. " Thnt the council .bo requested to. t uko into consideration, and to report, upon. At, tho next ; qunrterly meeting., tho ndvlsnbility pf..opening tho gorjdens to' tlio'. public on .Sunday ^Ücrnboat."-He- had -brought ? forward-thus motion because . bc , wished to have on expression of opinion on . ,thb riucsfinri of throwing (Jib Zoojogicar Gafdcns, open.for^the .uso; of .tho puhUe on. Sunday! nttornoons.. ._A_ tneveniont^ hifld .been, .sct^on. .fooi;.jn. EñgTññd. towards opening tho museums and public libraries on Sundays for tho uso bf tho masses: Ho thought that thoSnbb^h.was bath. (ltcor, ' hear.) Place)) for jnnGcent amusement end. proper, reareation .wera to.bo.inet, with on tho Continent, and. pie VictoriAa. ZooJogieal^ Gardens -wem open, to. the E" ublio oh' ßunüays, nnd bo ask'cd that the committeo. should a roques ted fo repôrt upon tho advisability of opening tho gardens-.on Sundayjbftornôon». : (Hear, hear.) ... Mr. HtKDnsald ho would Uko tosca acmeaetien-takon bv tho eonncil with a ,v?o\r.of obtaining mora space for their colloction. Ho\tïtoû'ght that tho 'Mayor might bo appealed, to with reference to tao njMtor. (Hoar, hear.) . Mr. W. -IIiubxr.Y- seconded Mr. Skinner's reeolutíou oro forma, and said that ho did not seo what action oouW I be token in tho matter of opening tho gm rd ena on .Gandaya at the present timo, although; peiwnally, ho would like to seo the public admitted to tho grounds on Sunday of tcr [ noons. (Hear, hear.) In point of fact, the gardens did I .not belong, to tho aooiety at all, and thoy only held -posscs I sion of thom.ou sufferance, '¿ho wholo of. Mooro Park ¡ and tho Zoological Gördens were a part of Muons Park was a common belonging to tho ocoplo of Sydney, and-the j Corporation of Sydney had no moro power over it than he j had ; it.was public property. With rognrd to opening tho Sounds on ino Sunday, however, he could tell them that oy wero in a fix, becanso in reality they hod no power to charge persons for admission to tho enclosure.. lt would cost at tho vory leant something ]fka £30 extra to keep the gardens in order, on. Sundays; and wita, ho asked, was going to lind tho "-money when thov hod . no, - legal right to . charge- for -admittance? They .could not got poliw protection, and if thc grounds were opened an Sunday afternoons he believed, tho larrikins would assemble there and become a nuisance to respectable people. If thoy (tho;ioricty) could obtain some fixity of tcnuro,.somc logul right to hold tho grounds and impose a charge for udmission, tho gardens could bo opened If it .was doomed advisable to admit the public on Sunday afternoons. Ho had been spoken to on thd 2uestion by a lurg* number of people, and -ho elicvcdthut somo.of tb« pcopla wished to be allowed to enter tho gro unds OB Sundays. (Hear, hear.) . ? After further discussion* tho resolution was ogrecd to, and tho meeting terminated. ; - - - I 