London Notes. London. MB. GLADSTONE, it is alleged, was lately in his grounds at Hawarden endeavouring to walk off worry, when be noticed that he was closely followed by two loudly-dressed bumptious-looking individuals. Annoyed at the intrusion, he turned to escape in an opposite direction, but his persecutors were too quick, and catching up to him, the first fiend said, " Excuse me, but are you not Mr. Gladstone?" The G.O.M. admitted he was, and the fiend continued, *' Ah ! we thought so. We are from Australia—we are representative Australians." "Ah! I thought so, "replied the ex-Premier, making tracks. It is not generally known that our good Queen distils and sells whisky in her Highland home; not quite literally, but so nearly so as to amount to the same thing. The Lochnagar Distillery is Her Majesty's private property, and though it is managed for her by Messrs. John Begg and Co.,a goodly portion of the profits find their way into the privy purse. The Queen is one of her own best customers, and gives away enough "mountain dew" in the neighbourhood of Balmoral everyautumn to make the purchase of the article by her favourites quite unnecessary during the winter. It isn't often Her Majesty touches spirits herself, but when she does the favoured nectar is always Scotch toddy, composed of the " Koyal Blend " from Lochuagar, ten years old, if a day, and without the ghost of a headache in it. The distillery was visited last week |by the Grand Duke of Hesse and Princess Irene, the former appearing to derive much satisfaction from the samples submitted to him. Lord James Butler, who is the latest American " capture," is brother to the Marquis of Ormonde, and heir-presumptive to the title. Lord James is engaged to be married to the wealthiest heb'ess in Chicago. The young lady is now on her way to England, accompanied by her mother and father. Lord Shrewsbury has sold his business, and bis 140 hansoms have been taken over by a limited liability company, which proposes to add to their number. The new company intends also to start a number of open carriages—Victorias and landaus. The four-wheeler, too, is to be superceded by a neat brougham. AH this is very good for the public; but it is very bad newB for the cab proprietors. I hear that one of the Colinderies ring has been -boasting that he was offered a C.M.G., and refused it. When I think what 6ort of a man it is who makes this has Indeed g^t]^decomticm of the Michael and George The quarrel inside the Colinderies ring grows apace and there is no doubt that the new management of the Institute will be very different from the old Commission. The work is, moreover, to be divided. As at present arranged the Albert Hall and the glass house and towers close by will form a sort of permanent winter garden, in which all kinds of musical performances and entertainments will take place, and this establishment is to be under entirely separate management from the Institute Themost curious rumours are afloat as to why Princess Louise andthe Marquis of Lome are postponing their trip to India. The reason is alleged by some to be a purely domestic one. T°" da ,y » announced the forthcoming marriage of Mdlle. do HacMahon, the Marshal's only daughter, with the Comte de Piennes, son of the Marquis de Piennes formerly one of the Empress Eugeuies Jequerries. The bride is twenty-three. Mr. Stead the hero of the Armstrong abduction casecelebrated his incarceration in a metropolitan gaol bv eiving a grand banquet at his residence last week t^ose present were Mr. Benjamin Waugh, Mr' and Mrs. Bramwell Booth, and others associated ii Mr ^Zttl celebrated enterprise. The renowned Becky Jarrett was unavoidably absent. Mr. Stead was dressed in a.facsimile of the garb he wore when in gaol, including the number on his jacket and the Glengarry ?. ai i''-„ I ,F esume ' to^gh I cannot speak definitely:that J e! y 1B , one of the dishes set before the gueste w w'^ffiA i o , re t , he F iBtm 8Mb the Bailie day at his office in Northumberland-street. The opera " Adam and Eve," which was recently produced in Paris to give the piquante Theo another chance of showing her pretty feet, would hardly have been tolerated by our Lord Chamberlain, but nevertheless some of the ideas are quaint and amusing enough. Our first parents are made to wander pretty nearly all over Europe w search after the two halves of the bitten apple. In the course of his travels Adam adopts such different names as Adamus, a patrician in liomc; Adamos a brigand, in Iberia; and M. St. Adam in Paris. The Eve 01 the prologue, wh<3 IB simply clad in rabbit skius, eventually develops into short skirts and boots with an lufinity of buttons. The head of the serpent in the grass is eventually crushed by her high heels. A wonderful imagination, truly, has your Parisian librettist I Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft intend to make an actor of their eldest son, and it would eeem as if Nature bad the same ntontion. The'young man has lately been playing with signal Euccess in a theatrical performance given in aid of a charity at St. Cyr, where Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft have been staying for some time. Thesonsof sctors, curiously enough, take to the stage as naturally as ducklings do to the water. The decree has gone forth, and we know how we are to be clothed durinR the coming winter. Chinchilla is to be our fashionable fur, aud plush our fashionable material; but that is not enough. We shall further gild the rose by wearing elaborate ornaments of pasBementerieon the plush, made expressly to follow the cut of the mantle. Then colours are to be given the preference to black in these luxurious wraps, and the long shape is to continue with fur worn round the neck, sleeves, and fronts— nowhere else. Some new adaptations of boas are appearing—that is to say, the boar pure and simple is disappearing, for one- half is gone, and is replaced by a iat collarette with pointed lappels that cross over the hest, the outer one ending on the left side in a long boa ail. Though deliriously comfortable, it may always be oubted whether fur next the throat is really sanitary. xperience shows, with sadly few exceptions, that it . ends to render the throat delicate by inducing a greater I egree of beat than a silk handkerchief, thus proporionately increasing the chances of catching cold -when aken off. The richer class of furs, such as blue fox, Bable, tc., will be as much in favour as they always are, but hinchilla is to be the fur of the season, and is already ade up with sealskin with admirable effect. Amongst the coBtumes for day wear I may begin with a grey cloth like a very small black and white check. This was made up over a black velvet underskirt, which it nearly hid. A breadth of the same was let in on either 6ide, and the grey front slightly draped, but the back breadths were perfectly plain, aud very full. A dapper little grey jacket lined with black quilted silk was worn with this, its fronts made loose, and a jaunty little hoop at the back lined with same quilting. Nothing could be simpler, but then simplicity is a epecialite of this house ; at the same time I have seldom seen anything with such an air about it. Another with a castor plush skirt bad a delicious soft material, in stripes of suede and pale terra-cotta. draped over it, and edged with beaver fur. A still richer dress was made of moss grien bengaline, with a charming mixture on the skirt of the silk, and a thin beige-coloured drapery embroidered iu the broderie Anglaise stitch in squares with green and grenat silk. I am very glad to discover that moire is to take once more a foremoBt place in public taste. It is cropping up here and there, and soon we shall see whole dresses made of it, which included moire in their composition. The first was of the sweet colour known as " Opbelie," and made so fashionable by the beautiful Queen of Italy—a soft pale heliotrope in moire. The skirt was plain, except for a panel on the right sidej of an open-work embroidery in deep heliotrope velvet and gold. The front was slightly draped and edged round, as, in fact, was all the dress, with narrow dark heliotrope velvet trimming. The other was a trained dress, of which the foundation waB cream satin, and the train, of a Very rich Mack moire, caught away rather to the back. Then came a lovely broad panel on each side of black velvet, deeply bordered with" an open work in small squares of rich let passementerie. In the very front the cream satin appeared in a wide box-pleat, and small panniers of it draped to each side. From under these came a four-inch wide sash of black moire ribbon, which was loosely knotted about half a yard or more below the waist, its ends being fringed and trimmed with jet DEUNEENNESS is apparently on the increase in Paris The number of working men who ruin themselves bv absorbing too much absinthe, " Amer Picon," and other deleterious mixtures, grows more and more. There is therefore, abundant room for the operations of an energetic temperance society to repress the ravages caused by petit bleu and the opal coloured liquor, which is imbibed by niOBt Parisians in a moderate quantity in order to give them an appetite for dinner. Several deaths from drunkenness have occurred in the metropolis In one caBe a respectable official in one of the public departments was found dead in his bed. In a cupboard near him were several empty bottles which had contained rum. The post-mortem examination disclosed the fact that had died from the effects of large and frequent doses of undiluted Jamacia. A drunken woman, hitherto an abnormal spectacle in the streets of Paris, Bet fire to Jier clothes with a match on entering her room and was burned to death. It is not at all uncommon to S t * ^ r e t u r u i n 8 ^me so utterly intoxicated that they fall down at every step, and are only preserved from breaking their skull, or being run over by vehicles by the providential intervention that watches over the inebriate. A short time since, a drunken lamplighter was seen trying to illumine the shades of evening by lighting a tree with a six-foot pole. A magnanimous policeman, who for a few moments placidly watched the man's effort to pursue his occupation under difficulties, finally went over to him, took the pole, lighted the lamps, and sent the inebriate home between two boys. 