pauliamunt: , ? ^ .. ? ? ? ? - ? DEFEAT OF THE EOBEETSON GOVEEN' 1 MENT. TUESDAY. FumrrAtt-v-ifi. - The Government was defeated this evening. The Ministry had all the talking to themselves, and for . the most part very poor talking it was: The Parkes party had an equivocal mouthpiece in the person of Mr. Abigail, but all the prominent members of the mysterious seat were silent. The .division seemed to be an unpleasant surprise for the Government, who believed, or affected to believe, up to the last moment that their lives ' would have been spared. To the members who'-' are haunted by the fear of a dissolution, the result was simple agony. To others it eame as a; mere matter of course, and the utter laok of enthusiasm which the victory engendered amongst the Opposition showed that as yet it was felt pre mature to say who has really won. The best part of the night was again consumed - in a rambline discussion on a motinnfrir n.^innrn ment. What was such a thing as a national crisis , to Mr. Henson when he read in the newspapers of men being ' knocked put in four rounds' at the gymnasium within the very heart of the city ! He insisted on having that matter fully inquired into before wasting time in considering the secondary question of ' knocking out' the Government and proceeding to settle the affairs of the country. He had heard of a. party Jby the name of Larry Foley, who was the proprietor of a boxing saloon which was sure either to fall in upon its patrons or else take fire and devastate the city. Of course Mr. Henson could not speak from his own knowledge of such a subject, but from what had been re ported to him he was satisfied' that something dreadful would happen unless this matter was immediately dealt with. Mr. Abigail was of a decidedly similar opinion, and displayed an ac q'uaintance with the nature of the entertain ments which almost took the House's breath away. An awful suspicion was engendered that the hon. member for West Sydney had. been indulging in surreptitious peeps through the keyhole. He knew everything that transpired there and authoritatively assured the House that a couple of bears were kept on the premises whose fighting proclivities set a shocking example to the youth of the city. The motion for adjourn ment afforded a congenial theme for Mr. J. D. Young, who made his oratorical debut in defence of the gymnasium and the absent bears whose character Mr. Abigail had so unfairly attacked. It was not in his nature to remain quiet while a pair of # thoroughly respectable bears were made the subject of Parliamentary calumny and insult. From this point the debate branched off ad lib., and finally wound up in the usual way, by an in dignant protest against wasting the time of the country. Mr. EVW. O' Sullivan resumed the debate on Mr. Garvan's motion, with a vigorous speech On behalf of the Government. Mr. Abigail distinctly declined to frame a policy for the House. He disclaimed the responsi bility of taking the entire functions of govern ment upon his shoulders. At the same time he had his own notions of how a model Government should be carried on. But those notions were his private property, and for the present at all events he determined to keep them to himself. All the enlightenment he felt disposed to afford upon the subject was that they did not by any means coincide with the proposals put forward by the Eobertson Ministry. Still he did not know that he should vote against them just yet. After this remarkably lucid exposition of his opinions Mr. Abigail disappeared below the gangway and morosely buried himself in the deepest ruck of the Parkes party. Mr. Garland thought that protection was one of the things at the bottom of the attack being1 made upon the Government, and was quite as emphatic in this opinion as Mr. O'Sullivan was in attributing the whole thing to the malign influ ence of f reetrade. Because he was a freetrader Mr. Garland would support the Government wbich. Mr. O'Sullivan would also uphold because he was a protectionist. Mr. Moore, another debutant, followed Mr. Garland. He had hopes, he said, of serving the country by holding his tongue, but by the turn affairs had taken he found himself at last obliged to abandon that very laudable intention and speak at any cost. His main difficulty was in emphati cally condemning the policy of the Government, and at the same time finding reasons for support ing it. At the same time we would not take upon ourselves the responsibility of advising him just yet to totally abandon the idea of serving his country by holding his tongue. A speech from Mr. J. C. Nield, without the ghost of a pun in it, seemed to convince the Hou?e that the debate was played put, and after Mr. Garvan had been briefly heard in reply the deathbell of the Ministry was tolled by the Sergeant. : . Mr. Garvan, in reply, congratulated the House upon the tone which that debate had assumed, and the absence of personalities. He had scarcely known what part of the Government proposals to attack. Their suggestion to raise money from the squatters had been abandoned. He quoted figures to show that the Government were not justified in their estimate of receipt for railways. He had no antagonism to the present Government— no wish to unseat them 5 but he believed that their proposals were totally inadequate, and would prove injurious to the colony in the estimation of the people of the world. He had much pleasure in moving the resolution he had already sub mitted, which was as follows:— '1. That the policy of the Government is unsatisfactory to this House. 2. That the foregoing resolution be com municated by address to his Excellency the Governor.' THE DIVISION. The question was put and carried on the follow ing division :— Ayes, 52. — Jennings, Dibbs, Want, Slattery, Triekett, Thompson, Cass, J.D. Young, Bolton, Barbour, H. Taylor, E. B. Wilkinson, L. Lloyd, Fdrsyth, Bull, Hammond, Williamson,|Butcher, Garvan, S. Smith, Suttor, G. A. Lloyd, H. Clarke, Hogan, Ewing, Day, Hayes, Olliffe, Lyne, Suther land, Toohey, Abigail, Campbell, Parkes, Cope land, M'Gregor.,. Quin, Collings, S. Stephen, Co'onan, Eeid, M'Culloch, Eyrie, Foster, E. Barton, Levien, Sawers, Gormly, Fitzgerald, Een wick. Tellers : W. Clarke, Humphery, Noes, 44. — Robertson, Burns, O'Connor, Vaughn, - Meets, Henson, Inglis, Kidd, ? H. Stephen, DeC. Brown, J. H. Young, Baker, Spring, Tait, Garrard, Eoberts, Teece, Shepherd, Gould, .Gibbes, Stokes, Heydon, Hackinnon, Wisdom, Proctor, O'SuUivan, Garland, Holborow, Creer, Dawson, Hawthorne, J. F. Sinith, Moore, Dr. Wil kinson, Melville, Ives, Chaiitor, H. H. Brown, Lysaght, Judd, Kethel, Hyani. Tellers : 'Neild, Burdekin. Pairs. — For : Targett, Ferguson, Abbott, Tar rant; Purves, See. Against : Lee, Ross, Garrett, . . Fletcher, Hungerford, Davies. Twelve members paired (six for the Govern ment and six against), which -would bring the re cord up to 50 for the Government and 58 against. This makes a toatl of 108, leaving 13 absent mem bers (exclusive of the Speaker) to bo accounted for. Of these two (Mr. A. G. Taylor and* Mr. Dalton) are absent from the colony. The other 11 who make up the full number of members of the Assembly and who neither voted nor paired were Messrs. Abbott, Bowman, Brunker, Burke, Cramsie, D. A. Ferguson, Travers* Jones, V. Parkes, T. R. Smith, R. B. Smith and White. The majority of these' gentlemen intimated their in tention of voting agaiasb the Government. .The Hoase, at 21 minutes to 11 o'clock, ad journed until 4- o'clock p.m. on Wednesday. ' 