intends holding a day's couralng on Jth Augunt. Two MaUou will he run for—one for dogs 21 lbs. and under, two out of tlu-ffl mitch-anddiold; also one for dogs 1'5 lbs. and under, to bM decided by points, Tno tjvipbioM jvhieh are to be r'ttn Uit on tlit's oneasion will iv; on YioW tM.^wecV , S/x'imuiiVf Fox TEKtfir.it Cluh. . A ror£ liberal programme i.i ottered for competition oh th<> iNfli iiitft, (it i-'pHornVaoceour^;. One fibsf pri;'(? on ibis ocviinioti M a trriphy presented by Mr. l\ Cook, jeweller, Pall Mall; also lAuti'/ tuMed.b$ tjie club. A now idea in the form of.a ConsoluUcm Stnl;c will, bo competed for, the first p'rizo being n.silver 1'rnit j»*»»ud. purchased from Mr. Code.' Entries clo^e on Morning next ill t.he Beehive. FOOTBALL. Cor Melbourne correspondontwrite?:—1The following foot bull matches wore played on Satin day afternoon Svmth Hallarat versus Port Melbourne, vvon by Port Melbourne by 4 goals to 2; Carlton v. Kssendon, won by Cai'Uori by 5 goals to U; South Melbourne v. Uni TtuVit^j \vo\i by the former bv (3 goals to 2; lrotham v. Fifzroy,won by tJio by 1/ twals to 2. A match was played on Outlaws1 Ivtweon the Pebs and Woeroonu, which resulted in a whi i'lf f*V«» Pob* by 1 -onl nnd 'JO bohinds to 2 behinds. * Trv «. ,nu> **• "Ulfornd a severe d?foat at the hands of the Pta'k Viow on Saruiw-V *'y ^ fiVNUs .an* t( bohlnds to 1 goal and 2 behtads. The match between the Ilendlgo and tni Golden square Juniors (2.1) on Saturday resulted in a win for lieiidigdi \rliu lucked f goftto mid a Inrjfo number of bohliluH to il bOllindH. A ntatdli tfas ithydd bettfden Katfgaroo f4lnt and the Standhttwt LoiloSi on tf.ittiiMrty, rthich resulted in a win for tbe l'lut by 1 tfoitl itnd i behind s in W behind?, Oil Saturday tlffet-nctoil rt itliltcll rrji>; jdiiVt'd nt tho crlcliet gfotind l/ettfecu tfogieliawk and Tr/idr^, *Meh ivsiUted in i( victory for file foxntcr. The MlotvlfijfIs iljK f'eoio 'vk, j go'al.«7 behind.?,- Tfrtdes, 1 he hiijd. I.o:»7?oV Tuteh'oll, rtu»l. Nofriman pluyed a good nau'm (fid H'^V'V^wKH^f Srtnin* sou 42), und Iuuudesly d'i^l likev. iye.foi\ll/*,> :?». rs\ Air C. Solomon, as central umpire,' performed bis defies most satisfactorily. . A mulch .wju played on Saturday afternoon bet ween tho Queeu-Htvcct , Stars and Koyal St.nidurd team, wjiieli resulted ia n win for the Queen-street by .5' goals lli I'cb'indu toJi goalu 10J>ohiu.djJ^ . . . SPORTING- NOTES. THE TURF. (rnoii oun mklbourkk coiiuesposuknt.) t'l.EMIJftfTOS'. I7t1l .Tlllv. I The nuuual Winter Steoplcchaso Meeting of the V.U.C., which took place at head quirtors to-day, was ?ne of, if not the most successful of any similar gathering. His Exccllenci* the Governor and .suite wore present. Tho racing commenced with the Maiden Uurdles, of two miles, for which eight horses started. Sir Lauucolot was mode a warm favorite, and lie justified it by defeating Mackay bp a length, Hobart being third. Only lmlf-a«dozeu came out for the Maiden Steeplechase, and again backers had tho best of it, as Wickiitfo who started at oven nouoy, bad no diffi culty in appropriating tho pieces, Aidy being tho only nther borso that finished. Tho Grand National Hurdle Raco brought out a tiald of eleven,Sheet Auchor lud Ruby being most fancied. The race was an in teresting one, and was a regular god-send to the book makers, as although tho favorites got into the straight in front, Ocean, who was scarcely mentioned, but who had always been in the frout division, came away when called upon, and won comfortably fro;n liuby, the Mel bourne Cup winner finishing third. For tho Steeple chase a dozen horses were saddled, ind backers again had a throw in, as Game, who was in splendid condi tion, went as straight as a die, mid won by throo lengths from Nativo, tho same distaice off being Lady Ashton, who tired very much towards the fiuish. The Selling Hurdle Racehsul five starter* the winner turn ing up iu Problom, the favorite Fusilier llnishing third. The Flat. Knee produced a field of 10 ruuners, the win ner turning up in Gardenia after a rUtling liuish with Duke of Athol. The details are as follow i— Maiden Huhdle Race.—Sir Launcelot, 1; Mackay (late Silver King), 2j Hobart,3. Argtnthone, Pyrrhus I, Joey, Aristocrat, and Earimil, also started. Butting: 5 to 1 Sir Launcelot, 1 to 1 Mackay, 5 to 1 Hobart, 10 to 1 others. At tho second attempt Pyrrhus got away with a slight lead, followed by Mackay, Earimil. Joey, and Hobart. As they neared the first hurdle Earimii went to the front and showed tho way past the stand, attended by Arganthorne, Sir Launcelot, and Hobart. This order was kept past the wharf I'ooth, but as they went along the back Pyrrhus took second place, Sir Launcelot aud Hobart following, whilst Mackay and Joey were last. By the bridge Mackay commenced to go up, whilst Hobart was at the same tune rushed to the tront, and deprived Glasscock's horse of tho lead. As they came by the sheds the favorite moved up and took the premier position, followed b.T Earimil aud Hobart, and in this order the straight was entered. Mackay coming fast ou the outside. At the last hurdle Mackay struck heavily, but kept on his foot aud made a game but uusuccesstul eifort to reach tho favorite, who was landed comfortably by uearly i length. Hobart a good third, and Earimil fourth, whLst Pyrrhus was last. Time— .'J nun. 55J sees. Maiden Stkkim.echase.—Wicklift'e,l; Andy, 2. War Dauco, Sir Robert, Coustornatiou, cud Trooper also sUrted. Betting—5 to I and oven mouoy against WicklilTe, -i to i Sir Robort, (5 to 1 others. The half dozen were despatched at the first attempt, the pace being slow to the first jump, which ivas taken by Sir Robert and WieklilTctogathcrjtheuesme Consternation aud Andy. As they came to the first jump hi the straight Consternation went to the front, butit was only for a short spin, as the favorito took up the running aud led over the treble, followed by Cousternation, Audy, and SirRobcrt» War Dance and Trooper being last. No chango took place along the river, hut at the back War Dance eaiue down, being followed at the next feuces by Sir Robert and Consternation. This left the favorite and Andy with a good lead, as Tlooper was many leugths in tho rear. The leading pur raced togother to the last fence, when tho favorite $ot tho best of it, aud having the most left iu him was lauded uneasy winner bv three lengths. Time—5 itius li sees. Gjund National Hurdlk Race.—A handicap sweep of 10 sovs. with K)0 added. Ocean, 3; Ruby, Sheet Anchor, if. Duration, Tantaliser, Koolyte, Distiller, Hilltop, Grattan, Ditto and Wild Dog also started. Betting : G to 1 Sheet Anchor, 5 to 1 Ruby and Dura tion, 7 to 1 Hilltop, 10 to'-l) to 1 others. Immediately tho flat? fell, Sheet Auchor's colors on the inside showed in front, with Hilltop, Ditto, Grattan, Ocean, Koolyto and Ruby, and in this order they passed tho statu!. Along by the wharf booth Wilrl Doer went to the frout having Ocean on hisrjuartern with lhtto, Sheet Anchor, linby aud Duration following. A: the back, liuOy went, up into third place but no change of im portance took place nutil rouud:ng the turn into tho straight, when (irattau and Sheet Anchor closed on the leader. Pacing the Ktaud, Wild Do;? was two leugths ahead of Ruby, who hud supplanted Ocean,thou cr.me Grattau, Sheet Anchor and Hilltop. Rounding the river turn, Oceau again went np second. Ruby being third, with Koolyte, Sheet Aiiehor and Duration in elo.-:o proximity. Going along the back, Ocean was taken to the front, Wild Dog, dropping back, whiUt Ruby, Grattun, Sheet Anchor and Duration 'were moving forward. At the home turn, Ruby headed Ocean but once fairly in the straight, Oceau eumo again, «ud at the distance had the race ia band. Ruby and Slieefe Anchor made a game struggle, but were uuable to reach Ocean, who won by a good length from Ruby, Sheet Anchor a good third, then eame Grattan, Duration aud ICorvlvt/«. Timn * inin AM Grasd National Steeplechase.—Game, 1; Native, 2; Lady Asbton, U. Studley, Bob Cooper, Reticent, ltoulette. Kanaka, Spangle, Brown Eagle, Charcoal, and Nuisance also started. Betting: li to 1 Game, 5 to 1 Reticent, G to 1 Studley and Lady Asbton, 10 to J Bub Cooper, from li.' to i others. Utudley was first aurdy on tbe mside when the flat^ fell, but Native ai once went to tbo frout followed by Charcoal, Brown Ea^'le, and Kanaka. At tbe first fence Charcoal was slightly in front of Native, who woa^a length in advance of Brown Eaglo and Game; then'came Roulette, Kauliia, Bob Cooper, Lady Aahton, Nuisance, with Spaugle Ju-st. Astheyiviu to the bridg-e Native a~ain "took up the ruunius, followed by Charcoal, Ketieent, Game, Brown Eairle, Bob Cooper and Lady Asbton. No change took place by the Abattoirs to tbe turn, Native and Charco.il still beint; in front, whilst Lady Asbton aud Gallic were in close attendance. Bob Cooper came down before reaching tbe straight, and save tbe jockey a good shaking. Atter negotiating tho iirat of tbe treble, Native aud Lady Asbton went to tbe front, and led over the stone v.ail, followed by (same, Ketieent, Kanaka, Ilouictte, and Nuisance. Native aud /Vtdy Aiihton led alous the back and by the bridge to tbe abattoirs, where Game reduced the prap, and ^ot into a sood position third, Reticent, ICauaka, aud Roulette fceimj nest, Spangle coming to grief at tbo sheds. Native aud Lady Ashtou were first round the homo turn, but the Bailarat horse came very fast in the straight, and catching the mare at the last jump won by three lengths, Native coming a^ain and finishing Heeoad; then came Reticent, KanaVa, aud Studley, the oth^ra nowlu.Pi.. '! itiiP-ii linns Mscos. Selling Huuhi.i: Hack.—Problem, 1; Joay, 2; Fusi lier, o. Wild Dog1 and Louis also started; Betting: Uven Fusilier, 3 to 1 Wild Doj;. Wild Do? was first to 'make play with the favorite Joey, auil Louis following, Problem lyinij lust. No change occurred until poiug alon^; the back, v/hero LouU went to the front, at tended by Wild Doff and Fusilier. By the abattoir* Louis had a length to the i;ood, but suddenly turned round and ran back, which left the favorite and Wild Daff with the lead. As they approache.l the home turn Joey and PtoUcm joiued issue, and before reach ins the distance the race was over, as Problem «vw full of rnnniut;, aud waf landed by five lengths* from Joey, who was the same distance in advance of Fusilier. Time. 3 mius. Gi- sees. Flat Hace.—Gardenia, 1; Duke of Atbol, 2; Quintin i Matb'ep, J, Plausible, 3Ioteor, Tho Ghost, iliddle march, Medea, Bohemian, Kihnva, Straight Shot, Suuny Daya, LesLia, Stafford, Kohai, Oaklei^'h, The Kind's Sou, First Gousol, and Jrenotti also started. BMtiiurro tol Bohemian,»>tol The Ghost,7tol Quintin MuUejj, Lesbia, Slatford, Oaklietfh aud l)ukcof Atbol; 7 to 10 to 1 others. After some little delay at tile po.st the lot were despatched ou even terms, Gardenia beiu*^ first on her !e^; Duke of Athol followed, and took up the nmniny, attended by Medea, Si.mio'ht Shot, Plau. sible, Losbia, The Ghost, aud Bohemian well together. The Duke led into the straight with Quintin Slataei), ■ who hud come up fa^t, second. Once izx the straight Gardenia was brought up on the outsido with a trc:n»-'n(iou3 ru-ih. aud won * splcutlid race on the post • bv l'alf :i L ead, Tiui^—1 miu. 11 i acca. COUXioINl*. Mr. HarxiiOU; of the Bull's Head Howl, urass^FLit, 