SrIlDAY, DCII?MIldcIt 1o, 18ts. A report of the eatetLainimolt hould al Panton Hill last Friday in aid of the. PLuto Hlill State school prize. fond, together with tie unparalleled sieceoss of the ". Ghost in theo lunted ]?holse" will appear in our next issue. 'iThe tillowimng matter, which time. aud space prov'ots us insortillg in this. number, will appear in next issu.:- u Annlut mteoting of thi Eltlhonl Shin? Council," " Hobart,' " Iloddllo's SCreek,' "Noates fronm Lilydalo," " A trip. from Melbourne to StooeL Creek,"' andt other lmattr., Alessrs. Riobert I [rrt and Co. held: a very successful clearing salo on account of Mrs M'li'herson, at Hunting Olehn,. Yarra Flats, on Saturday last., N'ot withstanding the incloment weather there was a largo.nttendalnco, the dis. trict buing well represonted and in ntldition, soveral buyers fronm Melbourne weret present.. 'The lease oft Itoproperty wc..s first submitted aslI excited keeni coim:tlitition. The heavy rainu the preo vioaus Iay ealsetl the stock to look alt ai disladvantage, but bidtlligs were fairly brisk all thlrough and full valuie o_~n obltained, the whole of the stock being sold. 'lThe household furniture, dairy utensils, andl sutdries reaonlied highly satisfactory prices. Another very tuecossful Band of Ilolpe entortainment was hold in, the State sholol, Steel's Crelk, on Satnr. (diy ovtiuillg last, buit owing to the.in -clemency of the weather the attolltnce was not so largo asn:on fuiormer occasions The meeting was presided over by 1'r. J. I. lubbard, who.opited the umeet. ing by prayer. " Where are the Rleapers," one of Snnkoy's selectiotns, was heartily sung by all preosent, after which songs were heartily sung by Master J. and Miss A. IHutlbard, Miss Roilly, Miss J. andt L. Friar, lMaters I. and: A, HIubard, R. flubbard, and Mr. 'Friar, and recitations by the. Misses A. Hubbardl, E. Reiloy, and J. Hlubbard, and the. Masters W., Iuh. hard,, G. Flotcher, R. Hubbard,. W; Fletcher, W. Sullivan, B: HIubbard, and Mr. Rolley, Mr, W; Scott anti nMr. E. C; ilorris accompanied the singing of selections of Sankey's hymns at intervals through the. meeting on the uornopeal n sntl concert Ilut~. Another of;thlse social onlurtaimn6nts will be-hold on Saturdlay, the 18th inst., wheo, the"promotors will be Happy, to; see is. tmany as can mako it donon'noiist present and; take.part in the proceedings if they winsh atudalso, swell ttohe number by becoming. miolnmbors.of thloin ,atlud, of HIopo." Tho.following ohoioo mnorsal' was seot us in, response to a mnodout application. for pnytmnt of a long:standing account, We itreasot it to our rendors as being so characteristic of the shallownoss, spite, and silly vanity of Mr. Staffl-.eo beg parion, E. N. STAFF, ESQ., J'P. On, the first perusal,; hisi iten. tion to withdraw his patronage mdne8bt induced, us to pit up tho. sliuttdrs and migrate to other-parts whloero.Staffslany Ib found. of less inflexible, mantrials if, indeed,. tlhero, is .sduplicate to beo fpound ill this ".wide, wide world';" 'but,.ii'o reflectionl, we dotormineid to stay. on, a little longer inl titolhopo that time may assuage his bitter wrath, anti that he may see. fit to.oontributo agail tq.our columns, and thuls assist s,ill providl'ng amusinlg matter-fortsuclhiof'our, rd?adirs as.tlay', happily, bo left :-? " Eliglake, .Nov. 2bt1i,1880. To tll. It; C. IAlllRIlS, E lu'lyt Obserrer laitigaroo ottnd , - Sir,--Inlnosed yelou will findt cheqite for .3' I s Od, thit antoullt of your account to ltoe 20th lust. I ought really to alologyisoto you for the delay that has occurred. Aa eno of your.neOt over.luorous readoe,. I should hiave remembetreul that your expeinses must Ito eIllOrottlm.. To look at the savcrall Items tlo hamtoets, brahlo tsowcr- lclgtite. It.toevoku, ttloteloaittlty i ttid learnedt lecadhl "trtcles/, tile inmen the nunmrous.reportom requlred to, olilmnato those brlietlllint paingrniaI s', awhllly intoremtlng to tije ecoker for Inflor tnatlton The lldnlghit.oll brnt and,' bove. all the he:trt.rendlltg state of nuxiety that must of necessity bo.tho' oeriastllg portion t ,theit titoou ufortunateo: ditor yourself,, beford the inerrtlu (forglioithe pln) Ibtlg5o of news can h.e preutatd' toltho gaso at gOelomurs Ipuble. I ftool sorry that I shoild aby l?y little net of unroltsnttss s a , uit' so, slightly to your along Iht of enrt'ittdjl trhmlt und while in this relpentant utituo, lanlon tme, asking' youl to dticolntaub thes. s'trlynt Oburreri to my 'atdlr?un after thistle week iat once or enoter lileore bittlilyngy adllot allow mut to oiter ttone peo of ndlytee, hitatngo tho'ntnmo of your issue to say Evelyn Unobscrver or thue linugarto Otrotild Mutl. illtger sitld try hnd remember thiat eouarttf. Ilke alurlty covorelh i multlitul of. tint Tako. the andvlc of ltnry lth to.old Ja'l and bcllovu mite yoursn isheerely e )W NIOr1OL STAFF,;., I Any futnreocorrspolndloco be kind "I' I enough to address I' l. N. STAFF J.P. I' oI St. Androws. I I or lb will Iooivo.eno attention ,,. , I [Thio notes of "amlmlratlo? () arm .6ur own.-P.ED,,,B.O.] • . 1 