THE BUBPIOTCD MURDIRHRS Or OORffiTABLK RYAN Facts a»d Trrronrvq Now that pablic nttcolion I. b«log again directed to tha my.teiloa. di..pp«Kranc. of Lon.tnUe Ryan, it will ba aa well lo briefly r«- itate tbc facta and theories in oonnec- lion with tbi. .tracg affair. Caatabla Rvan had ben atatlonad nt Whit# Hilt., n?at Sand- hunt, for many year, and dnrlag tha thirty ycara b had boon a member nt a police fore, b. bad tamed for hlmnlf the character of a vigilant and rollobm officer. In th co-ir.c of hi. datlce he wu noeutomcd to vl.lt tbc OblnoM Camp at Iron bark, ntar tb« Waitn Hill., and on the night of th. 7th January ha went then in ordai to prowent. inqaltlM in ecancction with tb robbery of L100 worth of eeppci plate, from n mine in th dl-trlct.- nyu antjircted oertnin Chiaamu, lnclud ng two aomod Chin Young and Hang Ah Wong, of tba robbery, ud hn vUltcd tb bat they fro- quoted and qnutlsned tbcm concern- ing it. What information he elici ted i. not knowo, fo; after leaving tho hut apparently to go boa., ud bring .ten .landing in tbc itro.t watching It, ba dtfoppe.rrd, ud hu from that night nnvtr bom further mm or heard of. The two men Chin Young and Hang Ah Wong, whom bo bad .n.pccted ef stealing tha copper plat.., wore, however, anbmqaently arr.ettd for tho robbery Some of the. tnlen pl.to. were dUcovered, and both of (he prUoner. have .loco coafeeaed to that crime. So much for th. fxct». Novfartbeorle. to account for Ryan, ditappearaoeri Tbo principal thaory put forward, 1. that the con.ubla w.. icnrdered by the Chinamen be uapectr.d ef ite.il ng the copper plate., and that they havo hidden tho body oot nf tho wny. On a cart beloogtog to no of them were (Hoovered ttaln., which ore of th Chinamen tated to be of blood from a wound inflicted on him by a .tone thrown by n larrikin. Th. tainid board. warn .nbsitttd to Mr Johneoe, tha analy tlc.l oh.ml.t, for exami nation, but ha ha. pranonnoad th.m not to bo bloodstain.. The .opposition hi. been al- vanced that if the Chinaman mitrd.rad Byan they need ihi. onrt to onv.y th. dead body to a plant of oonctalm.nt. There la, however, ao far no tvllonce that either Chin Young of Ah Wong wai concerned in By.n'e disappearance. Another theory 1. that U tan bod bron drink ing on th. night ot hi. disappearance, and that on returning bom. at night he (tumbled into on of the many abaft, around the camp. Heavy rain occurred about thle time, and flood, fol o«d, and It 1. rmppo.cd thit tho body, if down a .haft, boa bun covered ap with .lodge, A ej.tematic ..arch of the thalt. In tb. district hu beta mad. by the police without remit. Not a trace of the mi.eing mm ho, been found. There I. no ground (or sniperting that Ryan ha. abaconded. H. h,d no mo'-ire to do ao On th. contrary, be had good reason to r.maia' in the dletrlct. He bore a good cha ranter, bad hie earing, inverted In proparty id the locality, and In a short time would hare been entitled to a uperunaation allowance. ; Tha murder theory 1. aot entertained by tb Detectiro department. Iupcotor Kennedy and Senior Conetoble H-Hugb, who have In mitigated the myetery, have ,oported that thty do not briieva there was any murder nt alL They state tb»t Ryu wm In toxloated, ud In their belief, tither Ml down on. of the .bafts or into th. croric, nod in th letter event was wnelmd down etroem nod covered np by rindgo from floods. Yoeterday Hr Btuart CnmborUnd had an to tarviow with tha Chinnen prisoners, ia Sand hurst Gaol, ud wn give brio, his views and impressions. On page 4 wo girt, from the " Daily Telegraph," a report of tho matter, Hu Sti-art rrunernrrh'.. Imiti&mion-.; ('on thr Wiiito Hills Hvstrht. A repreeontatlvo ot Tub iIkuvld celled upon Hr Stuart Cumberland at tha Ortnd Hotel thle morning, and found him, after hia exertloni over the White Hills my.ttry yeaterday, suffer- 'ng fiom a Mvort hoadechs. " I couldn't got tho-a two Chinamen out of my mind all night," ha arid. ' What ! did thsy make each an Imprtitioa upon yon?" Our Rcprewntatlve veutu ol to oak. "Ye. ; I was re-talaly impres.sl by tbtm, espocUlly from a psycholugical point of vi>w. Thay praMntod to me many peculiar f.tturoa. I woe, of course, told by Chief Commli.Iooor i-uumicy Doeoro i esanea lor oandbure. that there was no aort of eridraet against the men of having murdtrod Const thle Byan, nd that there wm Mturily nothing to go upon. Bat I thought tho aenttor worth in- veetlgatiog, io I agroad to go nod ee what I ootid mtko oat of tbo prleonert. The jonrnny to Sandhnret it somewhat tedtone, tepeelaUy a. mo bad to gat np so oerly In th( morning la ordar tocntoh tha train, bat the eoenery through which on g(wa io In many placet qolte charm ing, and tba whltn clondt which from time to tiina hung over tha tree-eled hill, by tb way had in tho anrly mom a peculiar and weird effect. '-I wee met nt the etntlon by one of your jomnrilttlc eonfrereeand Hr Ryall.tht enperin- tendent In charge of th Baadhartt dletrlct, and wee at onet driven to th. prUoa. Haw wonder fully well everything lekopt then, how different from the Russian and aomt of the Indian prleone I Tba governor of the prison welcomed a. most cordially, and from him I received .boit etatement of the case ai nffeoting the disappearance of Constable Ryu. "I did cot then commenae operation, as I tbonght it but to bava the articles foapd la the Chinaman's bat in evidence when I ehould make u experiment. Bo, pending the latching of these artlclae, the Bnperlntud.nt very kindly dtove u. round th oamp, pointing out (he p'aee whore the misting ooeetable ws last eeen, and the two way be could have gone home from that epot. Oat way wm down a good carriage road all tb wty— the one he invariably took at night ; so that no matter what hie condition at tha time may bava bun, ho conld not, had ba talcon that rood, have fallen Into any crook or gully. Tho other wty was serosa tha digging, and I should think It wonld be highly dugoroat for uy mu to attempt to moke tb paoug acrou at night, thorn bring, I brilnvo, no ud of ptt-falle into which he oonld, and probably would atmnbte. Bat there ia no evident oitbu that h wont In that direction that night or that hn wm ever known to toko It after dark. Hi mye- toriou. and sudden dlsappearuoo, therefore louda color to tho idea that bo baa bun dm awny with. Indud, ona oldlrUhmon who hM Uttl hat on tha main road slown which Use mlutng conatable need to wood hit way, wm in kit own mtnd aa ant u that hit onn aonl wonld go to hoavon that Byu had bun mmdated by tha Cbinaea. He did not, however, give a reason why ha wonld bo prepared to stake what ohaald bo moat deat to him In a foturo etate upon thit opinion. It appear that not only wm Byu in the habit of going down tbie road at night, bat that ha Invari ably tainted hie old friend tb Iriehmu ''for 11 tha world Inlko n trio gintlomu," u ho wut by; bat on tho night that Byan disappeared, tho Bon of Erin neither got hie outomary 4 good night' ur baud him go by. So that either ho attempted for probably a flrat tim to make hi. wty icrou tha diggings, ud m came to grief, or ha wu doM awav with in the Chlnue Camp Iteclf, or before h oonld roach the main road. At two o'oloekwt returned to the priMB,afmr going over tho ptUonon' old hot, which pitroatod no foatnn nltbot of tntorut or Im portance. By thta Mm th ploou of onppor pint stolen from mlu nt Hutly, two hatohnta ud ehla.la,wblch won found In Ah Wong's hut, were on head. W. had thus Uld oat on th. floor almost at tha foot ot a Uto-rise portrait of tb missing mu, thatched by th "Dally Tdngnph" artUt, whisk woo pinned agsslnat the wall opporite the door through whioh th prisoner! won io asm. Tbie done, th "aopota" wars -callad io. Th«y exhibited no syaptoow of onr- prise, aid, attsr th flrat look'troaud, Upiod in to a state of onUone lndlffereoc. "Do you know thle ue ? " I eaid, picking up- from tha floor a mard.ro ui looklog wupon Ah Young said h. did not 'recognise it, Im Ah Wong eaid that it belonged lo him. I then took np > plena of the ooppar plate, and asked I tber recognised it. "Thsymadt some gutttral observations whioh cterpitilod tead, ' Oaitaluly, that le a pittost u th« copper wt Rtole. We ednit RiMlln? tb« copp ar, bat we so noDUsf el kaiisg- OfaiDx aen bo kUta.' <T belltTO ttwt BnkU the prieoetni ksew I wm eomleg to try ud reed their thonqhte they hxd node no direct ooafeailon ot ihiir giti-. a robbera ; but now thay oweed op with s child like blsudocM which, Ib those days ot hard wseriof, waa perfectly ratraahiog. 10 order to better Impress them with the reeli- ties of my powers I performed, m yoa will already have beard, preUmiaery experimest with the governor. It wxa qoike ncceaifal, but I cssnot any that the prieonere were much impressed thereby, m, by tbie time, they hep SMsmed e& xttlftode of dogged isdifferenoe. They woke sp s little, however, when I propoflfekto perform sa exptrimest with them elves m iftbjtcte, I Mked Ah Wong to hide the piece of copper plate io say pert of the ohsyel that he thought fit durlog my absence therefrom. He did m bat I "mould got -bo imprereioa oat of him, cad the foot thxt be wet driag hi ataott to thick of every thitg else ia the room instead of the pieee of plate With Ah Young I had oo far m the plate wai concerned a bo better remit bat wtoncver la my peregriaatioar rooad the room I peered by tho portrait o Ryaa hanyiag on the wall, I found that my man exerted both mental aad phjeiooi effoit to Uke aie away from it. I, however, with a eaddeu aovemeat took him ap to th| picture, when be exhibited aetreng tendency to strike Ityxn oa the head. Tht« eomewhat Im preeeed me, and taking off my blindfold I eaid to tbo interpreter 'Ark him how great a blow it would take with a tomahawk to kill a quo!' The answer came wlih surprising quickness Onk Suabi Blow Upon thkTbmi-j.b WOULD IMJ it at OK« " This coming upon the peculiar impression rectived from Ah Youog when ho wm facing the portrait of Byoo, struck me m bring x carious coincidence " After this both of the a;n decline I to give any direct answer, oootentihg themselves with fencing with every question that was put to thtir, All that they woaU do was to candidly admit having stolen the copper pastes, from which they icrared the gold and. sold it in due course. 1 Where ere the platee V I aakoi. ' We threw l hem in the buh,' oame the reply. 4 Why ?' " Cbiuamau no foo!e(e. CaltjAmaji steal co;i>er-plute3 for gold not for the plates Chinaman bs sellee gold and ependeo the money. If he want sellee places man ha say where Chinaman got thtse pUtei, and China- mwo g»t found ont, aad goer prison. " Of the mnrder they wonld scarcely spsak. Th»y had not murdered Ryan i if he bod been murderel it wm I and my fifcnds, who bad dom the deed. Rvax. it was true, had known of their etealins tho pUtes, but this wxs weeks before be had disappeared; if they had wi«hod to murder him tboy conld bars done so before he found them out aod not afterwards. <lTbsy sertaiuiy wers not wanting in subtlety of argument, "One thing struck me as somewhat peculiar; U wm whenever I looked up suddenly from a con versation with anyone to the chapel I invariably found the eyes of Ah Young riveted with an extraordinary intensity upon Ryan's portrait Upon bring questioned as to this, he explained , himself es being moch token with rise excel lonce of tbo bkeneee of a area whom 4 ore likee mucbeo.' "In appearanoe the two men are quite dis-aimi lor. Ah Wong is a ferrety-eyed, hang-dog looking eon of Mongolia, who e»n neither loo?? yon in tbo fees nor give yoa a straightforward answer It it tho first time, I believe, be hM been in prison hot unless hie appeeroace belies him tks police But have very much overlooked him In the post. Ah Yoang is a tailor mon/and burlier in build. He hai been ' unfortunate on more than one oceaslon, and looks a prison bird to the very life. He is more emotional than his companion, and a muoh belter subject for experimenting upon, and if I had bad anything tangible to go upon I think I should havo been able to have arrived at a conclusion one way or the others Kverythiog, however, wai in a regular negative condition. There wm neither direct nor indirect evidence in the poseeirion of the police that Ryan had been murdered, or that the Chinamen Older xrrrsttfor another offence had had any hand la his disappearance. It wm all surmise, tad hiviiiff nothiaff to m an. I eonld. nnlxaa a miracle bed happened, achieve nothing. Bat I am not at aU sorry to havo mod# the attempt, for every experience in each a direction AotaraUy hM interest to nee. I havo never, however, bad tougher eabjeote to deal with, Oortalaly for W.tjrs that are dirk Ami for trloks tliat are vala, commend mo to tbo Heathen Chinee. It would have been very different If I conld have made them understand no at first hondi But my remarks, seriously expressed, lost all their foroe when they ware interpreted by a man who served to treat tho whole matter m a joke, and whose risible tendencies duly affocted the prisoners themselves.'' 44 Do yon really think ?" Oar RepreMntative, who had silently listened withths dseptst interest to the foregoing oacrative, ventured to a»k the thongbtreadsr, "that yoa conld under more favourable circassstanoM tfooe ont by year pro cess of thought-reading such a aims as mirisr ?" "Oh yo?," wm the unhesitating reply ; " bat tho circumstances wonld have to be very dif ferent. I should have to havo direct evidence that a mnrder had been committed, and some thing in the shape of either the body of the murdered psrson or the weapon with whioh the mnrder hie been perpetrated to work open. Of coarte with a hardened criminal a eucoeeafa remit would be vary dubious ; bac then, si I have before pointed oat, tho majority of murders ore oonamitted by emotional persons under tho sadden influence of jealousy, hate, or soon kindred emotion. Such a person wonld bo very likely to betray himself to the thought- reodnr, a skilful observe of subtle physical Indications, when confronted with direct evidanoe of his presumed guilt 9noh a person wonld, ia the first place ham to understand mo ok first hand and In the second to have a sort of belief in my po«ers, which would bo brought atyrut by pro- Uminary experiments In hie presence. 44 Now, yonr Chinaman ia not an motional titreoiago Ht hu no auper- etltionellko other mora aivilixed personages ; and, so far m I can make ont, le not troubled wlthecomrieoce. He hM a dim belief in tho ghost of a murdered psreen being able to drag him down into a common grave, bat this is, I believe, only when the man hM been murdered without justification; and it does not take muoh to satisfy a heathen thai ho hM in inch a matter bean justified. u I suppose the time will come when I shell again try my band at mnrder anravelttng ; bat unless I either learn Ohineea, or the Chlaunxn peaks Eogliifa, I don't expect to ever bare any gocd results with any son of the Flowery Land nstae, of course, there is direct evldenoe to lend itself unhesitatingly to my task." 