CONFIRMATION AT ST, KILIAN'S. Special importance was attached to the services at St. Kilian's Pro-Cathederal yesterday, from the fact that about 320 boys and girls received the sacr ment of confirmation at the hands of the Right Rev Dr Reville, Co-adjutor Bishop, making 680 who have been confirmed during the mission. There has been 33 converts, and about 6,000 persons have approached Holy Communion. Masses were celebrated at seven, eight, a quarter past nine, and eleven o'clock. At eleven o'clock mass the church was crowded to its utmost capa- city, the aisles, passages and sanctuary being all filled. In the front portion of the church were seated the candidates for confirmation. The girIs were dressed in white, with wreaths and veils, and the boys wore ribbons across their shoulders. The Rev. Father. Lawler officiated, and at tho conclusion of the mass, the Right Rev Dr Reville ascended the altar and delivered an elo- quent discourse on the sacrament of confirmation. The rev gentleman alluded to the necessity for grace to sanctify the soul, and said there were two means by which we could obtain this grace. The first was by prayer and the second was by receiv- ing the sacraments instituted by Jesus Christ. Baptism and penance were the most necessary of the sacraments, but the sacrament of confirmation was also essential, and neglect to receive it when the opportunity was offered was accounted a grievous sin. By it they were placed in possession of the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, and strengthened and encouraged to fight the battle of salvation. In conclusion he asked them to make an act of contrition, imploring pardon for their sins, expressing their sorrow for them, and an- nouncing their determination henceforth to fight the good fight, so that in the end they might receive the crown of life. The children were then ar- ranged before the altar, and the sacrament was administered to them by Dr Reville, who was assisted by the Rev Fathers Lawler and O'Connell and Mr Cahill. After the ceremony Dr Reville again addressed the children, exhorting them to correspond to the graces they had received, and to persevere in the good resolutions which they had formed that day. The Catholic community will be pleased to learn that Dr Ryan S.J., whose ability as a preacher is well known, will visit Sandhurst in about a fortnight. 