WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. JUBILEE CELEBRATION. The Wesleyan Methodists celebrated their Jubilee in the Pirie-street Church on Tuesday night. The congregation was a very large one, every seat being occupied. The service commenced with a hymn, "Blow ye the trumpet, blow," the congregation taking part with the choir. The Rev. J. Bickford then engaged in prayer, after whioh the choir per formed the sanctus from Gounod's Servioe— "Holy, holy, holy Lord God of Sabaoth, heaven and earth are full of Thy glory: Hosanna in the highest." The scripture leBBons, taken from Leviiious xxv. and Isaiah lxi., were read by the Rev. J. Y. Simp son, Secretary of the Conference. These were followed by a hymn, and then the Rev. C. Lane, President of the Con ference, delivered the sermon, taking as I his text iBaiah lxi. I and 2—"The spirit of the Lard God is upon me, because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; He hath sent me to bind up the broken-hearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound; to proclaim the ac ceptable year of the Lord, and the day of vengeance of our God: to comfort all that mourn." The Prophet Isaiah had chosen the celebration of the jubilee to symbolizethe com ing of our Lord, when to the sinner in bondage would be proclaimed liberty, and the prison doors opened to those who were held captive by sin. They had met that night to cele brate their acceptable time of jabilee. He believed that one of the objects set promi nently before them at that time was the spiritual elevation of the people, and he knew of no better mode of helping to promote that end than by realizing their obligations and following His glorious example, If they could but catch the spirit of the Lord—if they could but realize their obligation to Him at this time—it was certain that they should learn to suitably appreciate the hallowed season of jubilee time. And as to their obligations to Christ they had only to look into the text to acknowledge them, for had He not borne " the day of vengeance of our God ?" In the revised edition of the Bible He was made to ssy " My redemption," and out of the day of redemption comes the sound of joy and triumph, for had there been no redemption there had been no opening of the prison doors, norany acceptable yearof the Lord proclaimed for their salvation. The joyful sound of the I jubilee, therefore, was connected with re | demption, and in order to assist them to a correct conception of their intimate associa tion the preacher explained the imposing ceremonial of the Jewish Jubilee, which under the old dispensation was connected with atonement. That rite was the crowning feature of the celebration, which was per formed on the tenth and last day, the mOBt important of its continuance. On that great day the trumpet of the Jubilee was sounded, after the sacrifice of the High Priest had been accepted and the answer flashed back in the affirmative on his breastplate. That was the signal for the sounding of the Jubilee, and immediately the trumpet blast was heard echoing over hill and dale, carry ing joy unspeakable to the hearts of them that were bound. The preacher pictured the case of a man thus liberated who had been compelled, perhaps, to hire himself into loyal slavery for the sup port of his household—how, as the day of atonement gradually approached, anxiety lengthened the narrowing interval. The last day had arrived, but the sun will surely not rise. At length day breaks, and he watches for the note of the trumpet, hut its tardy blast will surely never reach his strain ing ears. At last the trumpet is sounded, but it is almost too good to be true. And when he realizes his liberty how joy fully does he speed on his way to the loved ones at home. The jubilee was one of the greatest of the social institu tions of the world, and it was to this noblest of institutions that the prophet com pared the liberty which Christ came to con fer on the sons of man—deliverance from the dominion of sin, the glorious liberty of the sons of God. Christ gave to His disciples the command to be ready to give forth the note of jubilee, "Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." Shortly after the crucifixion of our Lord, Peter blew that trumpet blast with good effect, and the very next day he and John went up to the temple, proclaimed the glorious gospel for the release of the captives, and 500 souls were forthwith converted. Philip took up that trumpet and went with it into Samaria, and when they heard it it is said there was joy in the city; and in the same way Paul took it and went into Rome. Later on Martin Luther unearthed it, and that was a glorious note sounded by him. After that the trumpet was eounded in every direction, and by-and-by its note reached these shores. Could we number those who had already paEsed away to sing the songs of Jesus and the Lamb ? We should be a peculiar people indeed if we did not realize our exalted privileges and let our hearts rejoice at the establishment of our Church in this ; land. And just as the man who first heard the Jubilee note was incredulous, so the sinner awakened to the condition of his thraldom is sometimes slow to believe that the favour and love of God are for him. H there was such a one amongst the congrega tion be prayed that whatever else might oe' realized that man or woman might find the way to the Ctoeb of Christ. The jubilee note was sounded in the words—" Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sins of the world 1" The preacher exhorted bis congregation to look for nothing in this life save for perfect love; not for perfect joy, for tribulation would surely come ; nor for absolute peace, for though we might have the peace of God we might have tribulation also. Perfect love, as Wesley put it, "What is it but humble, gentle, patient love?" and that not always with joyfulneEs; for joy was uncertain, and was not therefore essential to our salvation. Mr. Lane concluded in the following words: —" Here I pause to remark that we have not that special promise that ChriBt made to his disciples when ho said, ' Ye shall receive the Holy Ghost not many days hencebut we have the general one, thank God—' I will pour out my (Spirit upon all fleBh.' The promise is to sou and to your children, and all those that are afar off. Have we not a right to that promise ? ' Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name He will do it.' Best upon that promise. When we have finished our jubilee song on earth, and passed through the last sorrow—when the last trace of the old Adam is taken away for ever, then as we look back to the day of His redemp tion and our redemption—as we look up to Him the Anointed for the purpose not only of our redemption but eternal salvation too, then we shall take up the jubilee anthem anew and sing unto Him who loved us and made us sons of God, to whom be glory and dominion for ever and ever. May God give us a glorious Jubilee season by pouring out upon us more abundantly the Holy GhoBt." The choral part of the service waB very well carried out. Mr. Chinner had evidently been at considerable pains with his choir, whose rendering of Gounod's graceful " Sanctus" with its pretty staccato movement and the organist's anthem, specially com posed for this service, " Awake, put on thy strength," calls forspecial commendation. The lady who undertook the opening solo has a sweet, though not powerful, voice. She sang carefully and correctly in spite of' slight symptoms of nervousness, Mr. Chinner's anthem, which followed the sermon, deserves more than a passing notice. It is a welcome and worthy addi tion to our list of local compositions, and as such should find favour with other Church choirs. It opens with a recit. for first and second bass voices,' An "allegro" ohorus in three-four time. "Awake, awake, put on thy .strength, O Zion," follows, and is both graceful and original in conception, and undoubtedly the best number of the work. The soprano solo,. " How beautiful upon the Mountains" is per haps wanting in individuality. After a short chorus on the same theme the anthem closes with a bold - fugual chorus, " For the Lord shall reign for ever and ever," which serves as a fitting close to a decidedly telling composition. The opening recit. was a Rttle marred by the indeciBion of one of the bass voices, but with > this exception the performance reflected-' great credit on the ohoir, Mr. Chinner ably - accompanied his own composition. The last number was a hymn written by Mr. G. F.. Chinner and set to music by Mr. W. B. Chinner. The service closed with the benediction. 