INTERCOLONIAL MATCH. NEW SOUTH WALES V. QUEENSLAND. The return match botwecn these teams was played on the Association Gronnd on Saturday, and the Northern colony representatives have failed to maintain tho unbeaten record that was predicted for them after thoir successful display tho week before, iho most charming weather — both for spectators and playors— provailod for Saturday's proceedings, and tho great iutorest manifested in the struggle was conclusively shown by the incrcttscd attendance of tho football- loving public; aud it could not hut bo noticed that a fair proportion of tho 7000 or 8000 individuals prcscut wero of tho gontlcr sox, who added cousidorablo bril liancy to tho gathering by tho tasteful utul appropriate character of their dresses. Tho announcement that his Excellency Lord Curriugton was to personally patronlso tho match lent additional attractiveness to tho gathering from a social point of view. His Excellency arrived on the ground very shortly after the game hud been initiated, and umt with Mui usual cordial reception, the players cuasiug hostilities ami according the gubernatorial visitortb.rce ringing cheers. Lord Harrington remained at the animated scene until its con clusion, ami fut titer cemented tho kindly feel- intr existing between his Lordship and the : Now .South Wales public by generously providing a comfortable and expeditious means of trans mission to the I'rincu Alfred Hospital lur Air. hUaeey, ono of tho Queensland team, who un fortunately met with a serious accident to his left shoulder in tho early part of tho game. The result of Saturday's game cainu an a great surprise to those who saw the pre vious week's exhibition, but there can be no denying that tlio decisive victory of our men was a meritorious one, and thoroughly indica tive of tho difference iu the play of the two tuains. .Such a complete reversal of results can in a great measure be accounted for by the fact that tho initial contest was conducted uudcr great meteorological disadvantages to our representatives, who by their fast and open play on tho secoud occasion clearly proved that a dry grouud was uioie to their liking. Furthor, it may be mentioned that the alteration in tho personnel of the team was a judicious move, aud it was asked by a great many \v ho take more than an outside interest in these inter colonial struggles, why the selection cum niittce cannot do their task cflirieutly at the first tunc of asking. Of course, it must not be forgotten that the team which represented us on Saturday had the advantage in the mniterof at mospheric surroundings, but nevertheless they wore unanimously looked upon as a stranger combination ; and although the same 15 who uid battle for us the week before would most likely under the same conditions of dry weather aud a fast ground have lowered the banner of the Queeuslanders, wc have no hesitation in assert ing that the victory would not have been such a conclusive one. Saturday's game, as the result must show for itsclr, was of a very one-sided, but at the same time very attractive, character, and in tho latter respect was in. strik ing aud agreeable contrast to what had to be enumcd iu the opemug match. The absence of the "sacks on the mill" exhibition was a pleasant feature in the proceedings within the arena, uud wo have to heartily thank the dash ing olforts of Alessrs. Clomcnts, .Shaw and Tange, who played us " forwards" for this colony, for the fact that the uninteresting scrimmage was so rapidly broken up. Although G. Tange, the New .South Wales captain was unfortunate in losing the toss, and had with his men to face a pretty fair southcriv breeze, the visiting team were immediately placed on the defensive ; but the latter played with great gamunoss, and it was some Liufo before the home representatives could break down thu dogged and stubborn opposition offered to their repeated and skilful attempts to get over the Queensland line. After the northern men hail twice taken advan- vantc of thu defence touch, E. Cameron found an opening ami utilised the favor by securing try No. I for Now South Wales, and Bayliss in creased the score by kicking an unquestionable goal. The second try, and again through the agency of the rcdonbiublo Balmain quarter back, was not long In recording itself, and although the hall hud to be placed iu rathoraditlicu.t position for scoring, it was saieiy negotiated by O'Don- uell by a magnificent kick, and a total of 10 poiuts registered in favor of New .South Wales. It can be truly said that the game was decided at this juncture. Before half-time was an nounced the Now South Wales total had been increased to 12 points, the addition being due to Bayliss, who by a pretty run scored try No. ft, whieli, however, was not improved upon by the attempt at goal by O'Doimell. The Queensland team had never really proved them selves dangerous so far, and it was generally thought that if they were unable to make their mark with the wind in their favor the chances of their retrieving lost ground with the breeze — which had freshened up considerably — agniust them were very remote indeed. Shortly before halLtime .Michael, another Queensland player, had to return lo the pavilion, having uict with an aecideut to his head, aud although ho resumed play in the second half ami did ex cellent service for a time the pain occasioned by the wound compelled hi ui to again leave tho field for the remainder of the match, although from inquiries made there scorns every chance of his being able to take his place in the match agaiust the Now South Wales Juniors, to take place on the Agricultural Ground this after noon. The second half was started iu a very inauspicious manner for Queensland, as they wero quickly forced down for the fifth time, which was 'followed up by the fourth try to New South Wales, eecurcd by ARAnliur, but the kick at goal did not prove successful. The next try was also obtained by AD Arthur, and the following one by Cameron, neither of which Bayliss nor O'Douucll could improve upon by their place kicking. The record now was New South Wales, IS points; Queensland nil: aud it may truthfully be said that the latter had so far not been allowed the ghost of an opportunity to make a point. Gilt of sympathy for the visitors, it washouestly hoped that our representatives would be a trifle less severe in their attentions; but the wish was in vain, as Tango got an opportunity, which lie skilfully availed himself ot. aud the agony was lucrcascd by Catuerou kickiug a splendid goal from it. Notwithstanding the hopeless chance of winning possessed by the Qucenslauders, it is pleasant to assert that the team did not relax their efforts iu the slightest, and everyone was pleased to see them rewarded by obtaining a try through Hossaek, and Roberts iucreased the score by a wonderful kick. Tunc was now close at hand, aud the sympathetic portion of tho audience — and this included nearly everyone on the ground — would have liked to either see the Queeuslanders increase their score or the game to terminate as it now stood ; but the fates had ordered it otherwise, for New South Wales got tlicir eighth try in a very lucky mauuor, anil the kick at goal 'increased the score. Time was now called, the scores being— -New South Wales, 28 points ; Queensland, 5 points. The score of the winners would have been much larger had the goal kicking beeu of a more meritorious character. Amongst both tcaffts the best of feeling prevailed, aud the accidents which happcued can be put down more to sheer bad luck than rough play. E. Cameron undoubtedly proved himself Jacile princeps amongst the contestants, his eel-like dodging aud judicious running aud clever place kicking being equal to auythiug which has been seen under Rugby rules in this coionv. ADArlhur and Bayliss, as half- backs, did a wonderful aiuuuut of cil'ective work, and Walker, as full-back, was invin- | cibie, lie never allowing his opponeuts to get past the Now South Wales 25yds. posts. . Amongst toe forwards, Shaw, Tange, Clements « nnd O'Douucll did the liou's share of the work. ' Oil the Queensland side Anderson was uu- j doubtcdiy the most conspicuous, but his play would bo much more useful to his side were he to try to play a little less selfishly. The forwards of this team all worked honestly and hard, although several times they got in each other's way, which nullified the effectiveness of their efforts. Air. R. W. Thallon as sole umpire again acquitted himself very satisfac torily, and Messrs. P. Chapman and S. .Smith were well suited for the position of boundary umpires. 