THE CONTRIBUTOR/ INFLUENCE OF CLIMATE ON NATIONAL ' GOVERNMENT AND CHARACTER. < 'Br Medicos. Id the interesting though overdrawn parallel which Buckle presents between Scotland and Spain it .will' be remembered that ho traces the tendency to priestcraft ascribed by him to hoth nations in common, to tho preponderance of mountanous scenery aud its influence on the imagination of the Scotch and Spanish people. I do not deny that ghosts, fairies and witches, with other superstitions, are much more easily conjnred up in the minds of untutored peasants living in deep valleys and glens surrounded by lofty mountains and cut off by isolation and distance from populous centres than would be the case in more undulating or lovel ter- ritoiy. But under any circumstances, where Bpoctral sights and fanatical beliefs are fostered by the cause referred to, the effect is produced indirectly, and is removable by knowledge and culture. Climate and diet, however, for the most part exercise directly a mechanical or chemical influcce upon the tissues of the brain, the nerves and the muscles ; and under its opera tion we are almost as passivo as the strings of tho lute struck by the fingers of the player. This fact explains in part differences in the' prevailing temperaments and disposi tions of persons horn and bred in varying lati tudes. Bodin, who flourished in the 16th century, was tho first writer of eminence who . systematically recognised national tendencies as being in some degree due to climatic causes ';' and as calling for special adaptations of government. Montesquieu, a century later, directed attention to tho same view, but there can he no doubt that he was indebted for it to Bodin, who says : — " No one has hitherto dealt with this important subject, which should always be kept in mind, lest we establish insti- tutions not suitable to the people, forgetting that the laws of nature will not bend to the fancy of man." With singular discrimination, he investigates the different physical and moral characteristics of tho northern, middle and southern notions, and concludes that bodily strength prevails towards the poles, and mental power towards the tropics, and that the nations lying between partake in a mixed ratio of both. According to the same authority, force has most weight with northern nations, reason with tho inhabitants of temperate climates, and dreamy speculation with those of the tropics. 1 Mechanical arts and inventions, he maintains, thrive best in northern latitudes, not too close to the Arctic circle. The soil in such regions being usually loss fertile, tho inhabitants in cline more readily to congregate in cities and apply themselves to handicrafts. In sunny zones, however, where human requirements are ; fewer and subsistence is consequently more easily procurable, there is less motive to in dustry and the exercise of worldly prudence. Bodin goes still further, and contends that pecu liarities of air and water, as well as the forma tion of soil, sometimes create differences in the tastes, habits and wants of the population in habiting the same country, to which the machinery of government should be carefully shaped.' If we cannot accept these generalisations of that distinguished pioneer of social aud political philo sophy down to its minutest details, his main arguments, at least, will hardly be disputed. Alike in tho torrid and the frigid zones, climatic extremes tond to overpower human activ ity and restrain the development of enterprise. The Laps and the Esqui maux; surrounded during the greater part of the year with snow and thick-ribbed ice, are so heavily handicapped in their efforts to cultivate commerce metaphysics, literature, science or art that their time and thought arc absorbed with the one prosaic question of how lo live. Near the eqnator, on tho other hand, the vertical rays of the sun have tho effect in the day time of so utterly prostrating the func tions of mind and body that severe concentration of thought is next to impossible. At the same time tho spontaneous abundance of nature in tho same latitudes, renders the necessaries of life so easily accessible to all that starvation , , from want of food is hardly known. If the above statements are verifiable the political con dition of old countries in temperate and tropi cal climates ought to differ materially ; and as a matter of fact such is found to bo tho case. : In civilised nationalities like Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Germany, the United Kingdom, and France, where nature is not a particularly houn- . tiful foster parent, tho community at large are ' ever on tho watch through Parliament, the platform and the Press to see that j government is faithfully admiuistered and the promotion of public justice honestly aimed at. Tho result is that in all these coun- » tries, in which tho soil will ouly yield its treasures to laborious toil, there are signs of progress towards the abolition of class privileges and the making of equal laws for tho rich and tho poor without distinction. The bulk of the people find it hard to earn a living, and they are induced to exorcise proportionate vigilance lest their rulers should abuse their trust to tho detriment of those whom they govern. In all these regions, as might bo expected, peculation by high officers of State is rare, and Parliamentary representation with constitutional government prevails. I do not deny that civilised nations situated in the northern temperate zone occasionally commit the error of wasting money and life in war as an outlet for their surplus physical energy and prowess ; but it 'seldom happens in free communities, consti tutionally governed as those are, that war is waged without the consent of the majority of the people, There, too, administrative authority, as a rule, is exercised with firmness, and to the satisfaction of the majority. If civil discord does sometimes break forth it is not due to the personal infiuenco of plotting statesmen ready to sacrifice the welfare of tho State for their own aggrandisement, and who have a corrupt following, prepared to stir up commotion and bloodshed for hire. There has not often been a revolution in a northern country iu temperate latitudes, except where some great principle of justice was at stake. Nor are the United States of America an exception to the rule. To the people of the Northern States who constituted the majority 25 years ago, when the secession movement took place, the institution of slavery had become intolerable, and they were reluct antly compelled to take up the sword for its suppression, with a view to the preservation of national unity, and but for the civil war the tropi cal Southern States must eventually have sunk in social and political degradation. The first great revolution in France was owing to the slowly accumulated woes heaped upon that nation by Bourbon tyranny and extravagance, abetted by an obsequious priesthood, and the last was a re volt against the incompetent and unscrupulous rule of an 'intruder at the Tuilleries. As for Russia, a great part of her population still remains in barbarism, from which her auto cratic ruler does not seem anxious that they should be speedily delivered It is, therefore, impossible to judge her by canons applied to civilised peoples. We have but to pass towards semi-tropical territory to see the obverse of the picture, how laxity of Government and public apathy in re ference to it increase as the equator is gradually approached. Italy, although the head quarters of the oldest aud most powerful religious organisation in Christendom, was long tho scene of political turmoil and brigandage, and even now she is crushed by a load of public debt far beyond her ability to bear. Her educated classes are republican, and there can be no stability in a throne honeycombed by tho social and political doctrines which Manin, Mazzini aud Garibaldi have left behind them. But whether a republic, whenever it comes to be established in the dominions of King Humbert, will ultimately prove a panacea for the politi cal unrest of his mercurial subjects, especially in Southern Italy, is more than doubtful. Spain, another Celtic country, lying still further south, affords an instance yet more pronounced of the influence of climate in producing chronic political disquiet There is a traditional legend existing in the Iberian Peninsula of a former generation of Spaniards who presented a memorial to their patron, Saint San Diego, asking him to bestow upon them rich soil, a fine climate, beautiful women and good Government. The first three requests tho saint was willing to grant. But in reference to the last he replied that in soliciting good govern ment they asked for what was incompatible with tho other three favors, and that if they would have rich soil, a fine climate and beauti ful women, he was unable to concede the fourth request Here we have philosophy strikingly taught in fable. Tho three boons conferred by the saint naturally tended to de velop self indulgence and indolence — a state of things which would make the people an easy prey to the designs of greedy Statecraft. How truly the legendary utterances of San Diego havo been verified in the history of Spain is known to every one acquainted with Spanish history. Iu the sunny clime stretching along tho Medi terranean coast from Barcelona to Cadiz, the poor can live on a trifle. Their clothing is light and cheap ; their open air existence re quires but little shelter, and a meal or two per day of grapes, bananas, rice and common vegetables, with a small portion of inexpensive claret, with which the country abounds, amply satisfies their wants. The wealthy and more intelligent classes, as a rule, luxuriating amidst tho happy physical conditions by which they are surrounded, have no motive to trouble them selves about politics so long as the taxes de manded by the Government are not oppressive. Tho result is that political parties are masters of the situation and are allowed to fight each other and rob tho Treasury in succession, without seriously calling forth any such wide-spread and organised public indignation as would be aroused against mal-administration if it should occur under similar provocation, in countries whose skies are less propitious, and whose soil will only yield crops to severe labor. The average Spaniard has no greater ambition than to follow his calling in peace and looks upon all parties in the Cortes as alike a set of knaves whom he is forced to subsidise by payment of heavy taxes in order to satisfy their cupidity. In that coun try extensive Liberal and Tory organisations as in Englnnd, or Progressists and Socialists as in Germany, or Republicans and Democrats as in the United Statos, are unknown. Accord ingly corrupt Governments have contracted enormous public debts which their equally corrupt successors in turn repudiate. With some modification a similar account might be given of other European coun tries which are subject to corresponding enervating climatic conditions. There is Turkey with its autocratic Sultan and worth less Ministers, who are at all times ready to sell their territory to tho enemy, pervert jus tice, and sacrifice life for bribes. Tho life's blood of Persia slowly ebbs away in tho grip of a brainless revolutionary. Until the advent of King George, Greece was also the home of offi cial robbery and organised brigandage. Until the control of Egypt was assumed by England a few years since her resources had been drained to their dregs in order to gratify successirely the avarice and lust of Mohamet Ali Ismael and their oppressive minions, who bastinadoed the fallaheen for the purpose of extorting from them taxation so onerous as to leave them on tho brink of starvation. India was the scene of internecine strife between selfish rajahs, who crushed tho ryots, till England gradually reduced chaos to order and peace. Morocco, another miserable country which has long stagnated under the devitalising influence of semi tropical heat, remains under a régime of cruel, despotism, compared with which tho rule of even the worst of tho Pharoahs was tolerable. If wo extend our survey to American territories colonised by the original Spanish settlers, nnd the mixed breeds they have propagated the same melancholy tale is told. What are Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, Costa Rica, the States of Columbia, Equador, Peru aud Bolivia but sinks of political iniquity, happy hunting grounds for base political adventurers who are prepared at a moment's notice to resort to assassination aud revolution in order to sweep away existing Governments, that they may take their turn at gorging themselves with the spoils of office. It is not till we reach Chili and Buenos Ayres, which are farther distant from the line, that we find nny signs of moderate probity in local politicians, and even in these latter States there is considerable room for administrative improve ment. As for Brazil, it owes whatever progress it has made for the last thirty years mainly to tho personal influence of a wise, intelligent and upright sovereign, whose blame less example is an ever present stimulus to integrity in his Ministers. But although tho political future of that State is still sur rounded with uncertainty, her experience as the sole monarchy on the South American conti nent would seem to point to tho rule of a sensible and firm constitutional sovereign as better adapted to a population in which there is a large infusion of an inferior aboriginal element than a republic is. (To be concluded in our next.) 