V.B.C. AUTUMN ENTBIES. The general entries for the. V.E.C. Autumn Meeting, which were made on Monday, are very satisfactory both as regard number and quatitv, and are such as to give every guarantee for a good meeting. To begin with, the Essendon Stakes has 22, including the cracks Malua, Eeginald, Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, and Duration. The Hopeful Stakes, for three-year-olds that have never won 50 sovs. of public money, has 21. In the 62 entered for the Brunswick Stakes, we have Claptrap, Britisher, Don Quixote, Jsanna, All Gold, Silvermine, Madcap, Kit Nubbles, The Agent, Grace Darling, Stomoway, .Acolyte, Cerise, and Bine, Minerva, Lord "Wilton, Honeydew," Lavington, and other good ones engaged. There are -31 enjgaged in the Corinthian Cup, and the best of the moderate lot now in training are engaged in the Hurdle Eace and Steeplechase. The Queensland horse. Drummer, is in the Hurdle. The Bourke Handicap has 79 speedy representatives, amongst them being Claptrap, Xnntippe, Merrimu, Quintin Matsys, Uralla, Monte Christo, Juanna, Gratitude, William Tell, Squireen, The Israelite, All Gold, Salvo, Silvermine, Bemns, Mistake,' Mozart, Solo, Stafford, The Ghost, Albanus, Bohemian, First Light, Cerise and Blue, Honeydew, Lord Wilton, Lavington, and Tarpeia. There are 13 in the Maiden Elate, and 8 in the 'Nnrseiy Handicap. The Hon. J. White has tiro good ones in, in Phillip Augustus and Trident, and Mr. D. Cooper is repre sented by Blairgowrie ana Chesham. Maddelina, The N un, Donald, Trojan, and Anitaarealsoengaged. There arenofewer than 52 in the Autumn.. Handicap, and the quality is all than can be de sired when the names of Sardius, Mo zart, Grace Darling, Duration, Sterno- way, Acolyte, Claptrap, Merrimu, The Israelite, AU Gold, Lesbia, Madcap, Camerine, Minerva, Lord "Wilton, and ! Honeydew are mentioned. The two- year-olds are, as usual, well represented in tbe All-Aged Stakes, and all the good ones are engaged. The concluding event — the Free Handicap — has attracted a large entry, 77 being engaged in it. Amongst them . are Mentmore, Claptrap, Uralla, Matchlock, Monte Christo, Juanna, Bis Bis, The Israelite, AU Gold, Bonnie Doon, St. John, Mozart, Solo, Grace Darling, Bohemian, Cerise and Bine, Lavington, and Honeydew. ' Soke three or four weeks back I pointed out the desirability of erecting a telegraph office on the Moonee Valley Baceoourse. The necessity for this was very apparent last Saturday when the unfortunate aocident occurred. Press men were anxious to wire away their reports promptly, but the absence of telegraphic communication entailed a vexatious delay. I understand Mr. Cox has petitioned the authorities for the extension of the wires to the conrse, bnt, so for, no other steps appear to have been taken in the matter. . The long list of equine calamities which has marked the current season has been added to by the death of Mr. Coffey '8 mare Girofla, who was suddenly seizbd last week. with an attack of in flammation of the brain, which maddened and in a very few hours killed her. Girofla, was a magnificent mare, by St. Albans, —8 her party assert that she was the fastest mare on the Flemington track, and would have about won the ; Oakleigh and Newmarket Handicaps. Coffey has of late experienced terribly bad luck, his chaises, The Broker, St. Lawrence, and Girofla, three , horses which throe thousand pounds would not have bought, having each gone off within the past six months." Hilltop, who appears to have made up his mind not to race on the flat, has been introduced to. hurdles. durum the post week, and the black son of Mari- byrnong seems to "tackle the game pretty kindly... So for .he has been any thing but a profitable investment to ms owner, hut, as rogues generally succeed at the-' illegitimtte business," Hilltop may condescend .to' 'race between ; Jhe The forestalling business is cropping up again. Before Quintin Matsys had weighed in after winning the Maiden Plate at Moonee Valley, he was backed for the Newmarket Handicap to win a couple of thousand, and later on the same evening about six thousands were taken about him at thousands to forty and fifty. A thousand to sixty is now the best offer, but there are still tons of money available against the big son of Tubal Cain, who could be backed to morrow to win twenty thousand pounds without touching tens to one. The " stable" is naturally annoyed at being forestalled, but I hope matters may be arranged all right. Kantippe, who has been supported by outsiders to win nearly ten thousand pounds, has not yet been backed by her stable, and Honeydei, who has been heavily backed in Sydney, has not been entrusted with a farthing of his owner's money yet. Maboondah, who is weighted in the Newmarket Handicap at 6sti 111b., was backed quietly yesterday, both in Sydney and Melbourne, to win a few thousands at hundreds to three. 