A NIHILIST GHOST. So much has been said lately regarding the spirit world, and of warnings through supernatural agency, that I may be accused of writing on a wom-ont subject. However, in spite of this, It may interest many to hear the following strange occurrence which happened in a well known family some years ago, and whioh was related to me by my friend Mr. , on the strict condition of my suppressing names and dates should I ever wish to repeat it. I will tell you the story as near as possible in tbiB gentleman's own words:— " Two or three months after marriage I took my young wife down to my olace in the north of Scotland to spend the New Year, it having been a time honored caBtom in our family to do BO. Though the weather was bitterly oold wo all managed to enjoy ourselves, and my wife, who was tha only lady amongst us, was in excellent spirits and the life of the party. Late in the evening of New Year's Day we gentlemen were amusing ourselves in the billiard room (it must have been nearly twelve o'clock), when I was surprised to hear Violet's voice calling me from above, she having retired some time before. On going up to her room, she informed me that she had been much astonished by hearing the tinkle of sledga bells, and that on opening her window she had seen one quickly approaching, drawn by a magnificent pair of black horses, and that it had pulled up immediately under her window. It was a lovely moonlight night, so she had leant out to see if she could recognise the occupant of the sledge. As she did so he raised his head and looked her straight in the face, when she discovered he was a perfeot stranger. What Violet considered most extraordinary was, that on meeting'her eye, he held up his left hand and shook his head solemnly, then giving rein to Ms horses rapidly disappeared down the avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who this mysterious stranger could be, and had called me up_ to see if I knew. She described-him as being quite young, bnt with snow-white hair, piercing black eyes, a black moustache, and completely wrapped in sables. I being well acquainted with all my neighbours far and near, felt quite certain that he was not one of them, and the only conclusion we cotrid come to was that he was some visitor from town who wished to astonish the natives with such a hitherto unheard-of conveyance as a sledge. I asked her if she was quite sure she had not been dreaming, when she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake in her life, having at the time been sitting up writing a most important letter. When I related my wife's story in the billiard room, one of my convivial friends suggested that we should all sally forth in a body and search the ground for tbe unlortan&te; beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to be given a drink. We all acted on this idea with alacrity, any small excitement always being eooeptable in a oountry house. In the meantime the weather had completely changed, and it had commenced to snowheavily, whioh accounted satisfactorily for our not being able to discover traces of the sledge. We soon got tired of the search, agreeing that the mysterious stranger had discovered he was trespassing, and had made the beat of his way home. The next day Violet appeared rather annoyed when we chaffed aboufber melancholy visitor of the previous night, and seeing that it was not welcome we soon dropped the subjeoi, and in fact forgot it. That evening, as we men had just decided on separating for the night,'J ha doer of the smoMngroom burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my wife rushed in, her_ dressinggown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed ,to know what she was doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair, gasping out: " He has oome again I" Seeing that she was really affected, I hastened to get her a glass of wine, and begged her to give me full particulars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had slept soundly until awakened by the sound of approaching sledge bells, then starting up. had thrown on her dressing gown and rushed to the window, where she discovered the sledge had been brought to a standstill at exactly the same spot as on ih3 previous night. On her appearance tbe driver, looking np at her steadfastly, had raised his hand and shaken his head in precisely the same warning manner as before. Not waiting for more, and filled with nameless terror, the poor little woman had rushed down to me in this excited condition. We all felt most indignant at what we began to r think was a very imperiinent practical joke, and, confiding my wife to the care of her maid, rushed out with the intention of finding and making it hot for the perpetrator. We ran out eagerly; the night was clear and frosty, the ground was covered with snow, although none had fallen since the morning, and I confess that I experienced quite a shook when, on arriving beneath my wife's window, we discovered the snow was completely undisturbed, and there was not the faintest trace of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house somewhat aubdued, and talked the matter well over, when we came to the conclusion that there must be something queer about tbe affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife could be the victim of any such delusion. Therefore we unanimously decided on keeping a watch in the billiardroom— which was Immediately beneath Violet's room—on the following night, and wait for what might occur. In the meantime we had agreed not to mention the subject to my wife, and the next day, she not appearing at all inclined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Some time after ehie had retired for the night, we, being fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to the billiardroom to commence our vigil, where we turned down the gas and drew up the bUnds, and were all on the qui vive for anything that might happen. The silencs was becoming monotonous, when Buddenly it was broken by a piercing shriek, and the sound of a heavy fall. Bushing up to my wife's room, from whence It had prooeeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in her evening dress, with her window wide open. It was a long time before her maid, whom I found in the room, could restore her to consciousness, and even then she seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, " Why does he come ? What does he mean ?" The maid afterwards informed me that she had been requested by her mistress to remain in her room with her until her master came up, and she had stated she did not intend undressing until then. Her lady had stood wrapped in a shawl for a long time at the window, and appeared to be listening intently for something ehe expected. Sud-. derdy she had given a violent start, and leaning out of the window, had exoitedly called the maid to her side, and asked her in a trembling voice whether she could not see anything ooming up the avenue or hear the tinkle of bells.. It was a still moonlight night, almost as light as day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, declared she could see or hear nothing, and had only just turned from the window when she was horrified to see her mistress stagger backwards and fall fainting to the ground. The violent shook that my wife had received to her nervous system resulted ia a long and serious illness, and as soon as. she could be moved I took heron the continent, where she shortly recovered her health and spirits. We neither of as ever alluded to the cause of,! hoc illness, die feeling peculiarly sensitive on 1 tbe eubjeot, and resenting my having treaty it aa an hallucination.. Tiiau^h apparently forgotten by us both. I did not ooiipiier it judicious to spend the coming New Yearin Scotland, and we ihorefore agraad cn paying a loos; promised visir, to Ss. Petersburg w lore I had many iDtimale friends :'n ! nfi ienti&l; circle?. Oa our arrival they all vied with each other in 6ho*iti£ U3 hospitality, my Wife wss immsnsely. admired, and b«r vivacity and wit made h;r very popu ar. Jait b ifore our intended departure c-ne of ie&d; rs cf tosiety arranged a ball in our liosor, to which VioleS looked forward with grest pleasure, and made most elaborate preparations. When the night of this fete arrived, and my wifj entered the room d-aeseel for the ball, I thought I had never sesa he: look so lovely, with that look of jo.vcus anticipation cn her countenance tbat a bsauttfel woman always wests when she is sure ot her triumphs. Daring our short drive to-tha Hot-1 , our destination, she amused me by her almost childish anticipation of tha ooming enjoyment. Oa arriving there she ae&snded; the steps on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, but just as we were about to .enter the door ehe turned her head aa if violently startled. I felt her trembling from head to foot, her face was deadly pale, and her eyes were fixed on the spot from which our carriage had just moved. On my enquiring the reason of her agitation, she excitably exclaimed, " Look there 1" pointing to the foot of the steps. When I declared I saw nothing, she seemed completely unnerved, and implored me to take her home. Poor Violet clung to me closely, passionately exclaiming that if I did not do so at once she knew she would die, and, findingremons'rance only increased her distress, I thought jt best to do as she wished. Whilst in the carriage I could cot get an explanation, bb my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate^ and on t our arrival I had to support her into her roam. There, when she appeared better, I requested her to explain her extraordinary conduct*. In an awed, almost scared voice Violet informed me that on entering tha Hotel she had heard the sound of sledge bells, and on turning to see who had arrived, had perceived the same mysterious man who had oaused her BO muoh terror the previous year in Sootland. There he was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and using the same warning gestures. I tried to reason with her and impress upon her the great offence her absence would probably cause on such an ooaasion. For some time Bhe was quite impracticable, but seeing at last how much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made a great effort and consented to* return with me, All the same I felt quite grieved to notice what change this strange occurrence had made in her, the shrinking, pale lady I was now'conducting to the carriage being indeed a very different person to the brilliant; joyous beauty of a short time before. - JaBt as we were about to set foot in the carriage a terrible explosion was heard, and a faw minute3 later the fearful news had circulated through the city that the Hotel , where the ball was being given, had been blown to the ground (it was supposed by Nihilists), ana not a soul there had escaped. 