Wh Stone smart. MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1860 THE rite of discount has been raised by the Bank of England from 3 V to 4 per cent, and the outside market rate is firm at 3 per cent The course of the Bank reserves for several weeks past has been remarkable , they have been exceptionally low in amount and in their proportion to the liabilities The autumn season invariably causes a withdrawal of gold from the bank, but the, being required for the country s own needs, and being utilised within the country, does not as a rule necessitate a rise in the rate, for the gold returns to the bank after it has done its duty in the in the agricultural districts Other causes have been operating to diminish the Bank s reserves and to reduce them to what a competent critic in the English Press calls a " dangerously low ' figure The New York money market has of late been "tight, and the scarcity and consequent dearness of money there has brought about the unusually low reserves of the Bank of England, a 4 per cent official rate and an almost world-wide stringency in finance The American harvesting operations cause, as in England, a large increase in the internal coin circulation of the country, and a corresponding withdrawal from the banks and, as in the States, the Government balances -the proceeds of taxes and duties are not lodged in the banks, but are kept in the Treasury itself, the stock of dormant and unemployed gold belonging to the Government cannot form a definite factor in in- fluencing the money market of New York of the Bank of England reserves a large amount consists of State balances , in New York the State b dances are kept by the State, in its own Treasury And lately, as the five medical experts there regarded it as necessary to 1 largely augment the gold reserves held against the greenback circulation the money market had to face a withdrawal from the in asked by the Tri usury to increase its boards, and a withdrawal from the banks by the court try for the necessary harvesting expenditure Thus money became extremely se ace in New York, and merchants and bankers there found relief in drawing on London, in antici- portion of the shipments of corn and cotton which would be exported in a couple of months, and these drafts on London led of course to a withdrawal of coal from England and a transfer to America, and it is these shipments to America that have reduced the Bank of England reserves to a dangerously low figure, and that have compelled a rise in the late to check the exports or attract imports of gold London, it his often been said, is the centre of the world of banking, the hub of the universe of finance and the Bank of England is the centre of London b inking But it is becoming more apparent, year after year, that the Bank of England nowadays is more a follower than a leader in the money market , or perhaps it would be truer to say that it follows at first, to load afterwards temporarily The outside market rate in London moves, as a rule, independently of the bank rate indeed, as it moves more easily, and is more sensitive of approaching variations in the value of money, it may be said to he in the Bank of England And as the Bank of England issue coin storehouse of Great Britain, the directors have been subjected to a series of urgent remonstrances, if not condemnation, for allowing the reserves to sink to the " dangerously low ' ebb at which they now are, and have been for many weeks And this condition of the Banks Reserves has again focused attention on the gold supply of the world, and new life will be given to the ind controversy concerning bl metallism, the appreciation of gold, and those other kindred deb itable subjects of which a little learning is such a dangerous and deceitful possession Germany may spare some gold to England, and it seems that only from Germany or Italy, and por haps Austral i, c in England at present look for replenishment of its diminished gold stores France holds a large proportion of the world's corn, but resolutely declines to part with it. America wants gold, Russia has none to disburse. She is in reality a bankrupt empire, living on credit and plunder. We have said that " perhaps " Australia will supply England with gold ; our outturn of gold will probably show a considerable yearly increase for some years to come, and England is our chief provider at present, and to her our payments are chiefly made. But America, wanting gold, may offer attractions and inducements such as will turn a good share of our trade thither and England's supremacy as the prime manufacturing country of the world is being challenged with some success. Even we, ourselves, now obtain our steel rails from Germany, and our locomotives from the States and our instinct to purchase in the cheapest market will not be influenced by the amenities and courtesies extended to " eminent colonists " in London, or by the empty talk about Imperial Federation. We are somewhat surprised to be informed, in connection with the gold question, by such a respectable and authoritative critic as the Saturday Review that " there are apprehensions that the value of money may rise so considerably in Australia itself, that even Australia may take gold from England, instead of sending it to England." It is possible such apprehensions exist, but we are unable to see any cogent or substantial basis for them. Where are the indications that there will be a considerable rise in the value of money here 1 With the rate for deposits at 6 per cent and for discounts at 8 and 9 per cent, a "considerable rise" would, we are inclined to think play havoc with our already demoralised financial condition. As we have recently pointed out, the unexpected returns to the colonies by reason of the surpluses realised on the wool shipments over and above the amounts drawn here against those shipments will tend to ease the Australian money market. Again, copper is showing better prospects, tin has vastly improved in price, the home harvests are below the average, and our wheat exports will meet with a good market. The better the prices of our exports, the easier will be our money market, and we join-idSUa With the-§aturday_E.eviewer, and contend that there is no considerable rise in the value of money in Australia impending. On the contrary, we are of opinion that, notwithstanding the increase in the Bank of England rate, and the general demand for gold in all, or almost all, the world's money centres, the tendency of the Australian market is downwards. For also, speculation is dormant, and trade is discredited, and thus the demand for money is not so lively orgeneral as it was and the season for repay- ment rather than for borrowing is coming, and the stringency that has ruled in all the colonies for some time will, in all probability, be soon relaxed. But though we speak with confidence we do not speak with certainty. Seeing the slight and apparently remote causes that influence the Bank of England rate and the money markets of the world, we may well pause before we would enter upon any prognostications and shrink from attempting to prophesy. THIS advocates of protection to native industry have been inspired with new arguments by the comparatively prosperous condition of Victoria and the deplorably depressed condition of New South Wales at the present moment. Victoria has been for many years a protectionist colony, while New South Wales is the spoiled child of the Cobden Club, and assumes to be the only true interpreter of sound political economy. The ultimate effects of these rival policies are now, say the protectionists, plainly demonstrated and therefore, if we would restore prosperity to Queensland, we must follow the bright example of Victoria. If it be pointed out that New Zealand, with a strongly protectionist tariff, is in a bad way, and that Queensland, with a tariff in- cidentally protective, is not in a prosperous condition, our protectionist advisers will tell us that the fault is that in New Zealand and Queensland their favourite doctrine has not been freely enough applied. Let us have protection not in homoeopathic doses, and then we shall see what we shall see. The difficulty in these cases is to get at all the facts before conclusions are drawn. We might as well argue that protection is a failure because sugar-growing, spirit-distil- ling and wine-making are the most depressed or non-progressive industries in Queensland. For with all the suffering inflicted upon the wool-growing and other grazing interests, nobody questions their reumnerativeness in the long run without protection. Sugar- growing is protected by the use of coloured labour and by an import duty equal to nearly 50 per cent of its value at the milL Wine-making, too, is protected by a duty exceeding the value of the product at the factory. Yet the sugar- growers can scarcely live at present rates, and are insisting upon further protection by means of a reciprocity tariff agreement with Victoria, while the report on Queensland wines received from London goes to prove that, if they are not saleable in the colony, the unfortunate fact cannot be attributed to prejudice. The present depressed condition of the colonies cannot be fairly attributed to free trade. The causes are manifold, the chief ones being bad seasons and misgovernment. Seven years ago, when Victoria was at the bottom of her depression, the free-traders attributed her adversity to protection, and that undoubtedly was one cause, because it injured the intercolonial trade of Melbourne, and handicapped every indigenous or non-protected industry. But another cause was the paralysis induced by political conflict, by the intensely partisan spirit which had seized the whole community, and by the recklessness with which capital was threatened by the reform party." Victoria has at length survived this panic. Ret protected industries have passed through the stage when protection ought to be necessary, and the inequalities of taxation have to a great extent adjusted themselves. For it is a remarkable feature in taxation that the whole of the burdens artificially imposed are not borne by the persons or the interest upon which they are primarily levied. Put a tax upon machinery, for example, and the producers of gold, of sugar, of tinned meats, of woollen cloth, and of almost every other locally manufactured article, will feel the pressure, so that ultimately, no matter what its original inci- dence, the tax gets pretty evenly distributed throughout the bread-winning part of the community. If the tax be light it may be almost unfelt, and its effect may be even beneficial by stopping speculative imports, or imports resulting from the shipment of surplus stocks to be sold here at a price actually below the cost of production at ( home. This unnatural competition ' is really what native industries have most reason to dread, as foreign ' manufacturers do not hesitate to incur a temporary loss in the hope of crushing out a colonial competitor. And the importing merchant, too, seems to have a direct interest in stamping out the native manufac- < ture, for while he cuts down the price of the imported article he refuses to assist in the distribution of the colonial-made pro- , duct. Still this kind of competition ought to be sufficiently combated by our present tariff in addition to the expense of f i eights t and other charges. But, if not, it would l be exceedingly unwise to carry protection i further, or to create artificial industries which would never be able to run alone, as to their existence would be a permanent charge upon the bread-winning population, as well as a source of danger to those engaged in them by reason of the fact that they must collapse at any moment if State aid be withdrawn. Victoria has, however, found her level, at least temporarily, in the matter of native industries. Her railways form a pretty complete network, and the time and means of her people are no longer wasted in long journeys. There is a market accessible to every producer, and her railways, being no ' longer a burden upon the Treasury, are now an inestimable public benefit, with no countervailing disadvantage. Adding to these conditions the fact that Victoria escaped the ravages of the drought, and has for three or four years been blessed with a stable Government not animated by the desire to win popularity by worrying the owners and custodians of capital, and her present prosperity is sufficiently accounted for. The troubles of our New South Wales neighbours are also explicable without penetrating very deeply into the secrets of economic law. The drought has done almost greater mischief in the parent colony than in Queensland, and both provinces have been simultaneously worried by revolutionary Land Acts designed to protect the non-landowning public against the greed I -and machinations of the numerous classes ! who are verted to be compassing the ruin of the State by securing to themselves the fee-simple title to its soil. The politicians in both colonies who started the crusade against the classes who either occupy or own the land forget that these classes comprise the vast majority of the industrious, frugal, energetic, and well-to-do portion of the community, and that any blow aimed at them must recoil upon the antagonistic ¡ classes whose representatives sought to inflict it. Sir Samuel Griffith is always pro- ! fessedly in terror of capitalists and syndi- j cates, and appears to consider it his chief duty to prevent the "ruffians" who comprise them, from taking an improper advantage ; of their fellow-men. But Sir Samuel is not ] the first politician who has failed to see how i completely capitalists and labourers are like Siamese twins, and that when he hacks away at the ligature which connects them, the labourer is wounded just as surely as the capitalist at whom the injury is aimed. THE official weather reports for the twenty four hours ended at 9 a.m. on Saturday showed that 0 21in. had been recorded at Rockhampton, O'Cain, at Townville, 0 73in. at Clermont, 12in. at Dalby, 007in. at Emerald, 90in. at Goondiwindi, 0 29in. at Isisford, 19in. at Jimbour, 0 29in. at Mackay, 45in. at Nanango, 0 25in. at Stanthorpe, 903\. at St. George, Green. at Surat, 0"37in. at Inglewood, and O'lSin. at Woodford. The reports for the same period ended at 9 a.m, yesterday, showed that the following rainfalls had been chronicled 9-0 25in. at Caloundra, 0 27in. at Charleville, O'Slin. at Kilkivan, 0 Olin. at Rockhampton, 1987. at Bundaberg, 0 73in. at Gladstone, 12in. at Maryborough, 1 20in. at Woody Island, 0 39in. at Bustard Head, 022. at Hewittville, 008in. at Banana, 90in. at Emerald, 0 6in. at Gayndah, 0 35in. at Nanango, 0 13in. st Taroom, 0 80in. at Tenningering, 42in. at Hughenden, 54in. at Nebo, 640a. at St. Lawrence, O'ldln. at Marlborough, 0 Hin. at Bloomsbury, 25in. at Georgetown, 0 53in. at Junction Creek, 10in. at Cumberland, 90in. st the Gilbert River, 26in. at Cooktown, O'COin. at Herberton, OlOin. at Port Douglas, 0 10in. at Thornborough, and 90in. at Floraville. DR. YORK gave his last lecture in Brisbane last evening in the Gaiety Theatre, the subject chosen being " What I know about Ghosts.'' There was a large attendance, and a number of musical selections were given in addition to the lecture. This evening, the Brisbane Freethought Association will entertain Dr. and Mrs. York at a concert and ball, to be given in the Town Hall. The programme of the concert has already been published. Dancing will begin at 10 o'clock. WE are informed that Mr. Oborther, manager for the Co-operative Baking Company, has promised to leave 200 loaves at Mr. Goold's Labour Bureau to-day, to be freely distributed among the destitute. It is to be hoped that any cases of real distress from whatever cause may be made acquainted with this means of temporary relief ; but as the police-magistrate pointed out the other day, no one in Brisbane need suffer from lack of the necessaries of life. THE superintendent of buildings under the Education Department has lately directed t tention to the necessity for painting and repairing at the State schools. The following tenders have been received : Painting at State school, Stanthorpe : A. Sands, four weeks, £38 190.; W. W. Welsby, one month, £41 IBs.; A. A. Hawkins, six weeks, £20 10s.; also, by telegram Bertram Greenland, 248 16s. ; Henry C. Kitchen, £33 15s. Fencing and gates, State school, Toowoomba East ; John C. Olson, ten weeks, £118; W. Brennan, eight weeks, split fence, £41 4s,; sawn fence, £75 ; Mayes and Dunbar, sawn fence, six weeks, £74 Is. 5d., split fence, including gates, five weeks, £40 ; William Jones, split fencing, £33 4s., sawn fencing, £71 fia., gates £11, four months. Painting State school, Roma: John England, £35 12s. 6d.; H. M. Holloway, £30 12s. Od.; Bootle and Co., six weeks, £33 103. 8d. Painting at State School, Tallebudgera : A. A. Hawkins, 1 month, £17 10s ; James Hill, 0 wooks, £35 ; Batter and Paulsen, 14 days, £26 5.'.; A. Green, 21 days, £20 17s.; Potter Batson, 3 weeks, £26 10s. ; Jacob Fuss, 3 weeks, wishes.; G. W. Bertwistle, 3 weeks, £48; W. Wright, 6 weeks, £20 10s ; Boardman and Giddings, 3 weeks, £22 15s.; A. Sands, 3 weeks, £26 j E. B. Flower, 19 days, £15 loss THE following tenders have been accepted by the Department of Public Instruction Play shed for the State school for girls and infants, Charters Towers - William Foster, £119; additions to the State school, Engelsburg James Loynes, £165 ; fencing at State school, (One-Mile, Gympie, £76 10s; additions to the State school, Upper Swan Creek Michael T, O'Brien, £178, j THE Commissioner for Police has received a telegram from Inspector Isley, of Townsville, stating that Sergeant Cahill reports that on the 17th instant a fight took place between a number of aboriginals near Brandon. During the melee a blackboy and a gin were killed, while another gin was dangerously wounded. One of the supposed murderers, named Jim Chysolm, was arrested at Wood- house station on Thursday night by Constable Sulley, who was obliged to fire at Chysolm in order to secure his arrest. The prisoner, who was not seriously wounded, was expected to reach the police station at Ayr during Friday last. SUMMONSES have been issued at the instance of the Excise Department against several tradesmen in the City for giving unstamped receipts. Some of these receipts are stated to be for large amounts, These cases will come on for hearing at the Police Court on Wednesday next. On the following day a number of similar cases will be disposed of before the Ipswich bench. THE tender of Samuel Charlesworth, £155, has been accepted by the Education Department (Orphanages Branch) for the erection of a retaining wall at the Diamantina Orphanage. DURING the week ending 23rd instant 138 saloon and 119 steerage passengers have arrived in Brisbane per steamers from the Southern colonies, and 203 saloon and 170 steerage passengers have left for the South. THE names of the following gentlemen are on the roster for attendance at the City Police Court during the current week Messrs B. H. Babbidge, W. A. J. Boyd, O. H. Buzacott W. J. F. Cooksley, J. R Dickson, A. Gordon, T. Harding, A. Huesman, S. Kaye, W. M. Lloyd, S. Maxwell, E. Naumberg, R. G. Petty, B. Robinson, B. Sinauer, B. Soutball» W. Thorne, W. Wilson, and J. D. Heal. A WELL-ATTENDED meeting of representatives of the various trades and friendly societies of Brisbane was held in the Temperance Hall, Edward-street, on Saturday afternoon, with the object of considering the desirableness of agitating for the reserve of the Government Domain for public park purposes. A draft petition for presentation to the Chief Secretary, praying the Government to take the necessary steps to effect that object, was agreed to, and a committee was appointed to arrange for obtaining signatures and to conduct all preliminary arrangements. " MARITANA " was performed at the Gaiety Theatre for the second and last time on Saturday night in the presence of his Excellency the Acting Governor and suite, and a large audience Miss Laurent sang even l better than on Friday night, and was received 1 with several special marks of favour. Mr. Farley was in excellent voice, and Mr. Walsh did much better than on the previous night. The part of the Marchioness was represented by Miss Maggie Ford, and not by Miss . Williams, as announced in our last issue. At the Gaiety Theatre this evening the I " Grand Duchess of Gerolstein " will be per l formed by Mr. Farley's Opera Company, for one night only, with Miss Edith Pender as the " Grand Duchess. "Les Cloches de Corneville" I will be played on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, and " II Trovatore " on Friday and 1 Saturday. Such a programme should give the company a full house every evening. THE Works' Office has received the following tenders Burketown post and telegraph, office : Michael Whyte, John O'Meise, J. Loynes, Thomas Watson, J. Beeston, Cowell and Holt, John H Bromley, Synnott and Mahoney, and Thomas Tolson, Michael White lowest tenderer; post and telegraph office, Floraville : John G Weise, J. Loy nop, Thomas; Watson, J. Beeston, J. H. Bromley, Cowell and Holt, Synnott, and Mahoney, Menzies' and Wallin, and Thomas Tolson. The tender of Menzies and Wallan was the lowest. A TENDER for the erection of porters' cottage at Brooya and at 10 miles 20 chains, and gatekeeper's cottage at 25 miles 12 chains, Kilkivan branch railway, namely that of A C Brown-£63013s.-has been accepted. THE Rev. Manley Power, B.A., who was among the mission chaplains selected by Bishop Webber, arrived in Brisbane from London on Friday. Mr. Power graduated at University College, Oxford, in 1888, and subsequently in 1882 attached himself to the Leeds Clergy School, where, under the Rev. Cecil Hook, B.A., and the Rev. B. R Wilson, M.A, he had ample opportunity of culture in Anglican Church work of the new type. He was admitted to deacon's orders in 1883, and ordained a priest in 1884 by the Bishop, of Oxford. In 1883 he was appointed curate of St. Mary's, Reading,, where he speedily distinguished himself for thorough, earnest, and hard work. Mr. Power, who is of stalwart build and quite an ideal type of a muscular Christian, is said to have also gained a reputation as an athlete and cricketer. He preached his first sermon, at Christ Church, Milton, of which parish he is the rector-elect, yesterday morning, and in the evening he occupied the pulpit at St. John's Pro-cathedral. THE Beacon Lodge of Good Templars cele- brated its first anniversary on Friday evening by an invitation tea and a public meeting in the Oddfellows' Hall, Charlotte-street. Bro. T. N.. Pope, P.G.W.C.T., presided; and after ample justice had been done to the edibles, a capital programme was gone through, the most successful items in which were songs by Sister Robin- son and Bros. Paul, Catt, and Howard, and") recitations by Sisters Mee and Martin, and! Bro. Hinton. The report of the W.O.Y. showed the lodge to be in a flourishing state, having upwards of 130 members on the books. During the evening a handsomely illuminated address was presented to Sister Sexton in recognition of her long and earnest labours for Templary in this city. The room was tastefully decorated, and a pleasant entertainment was concluded shortly after 10 o'clock. THE Juvenile Draughts Tournament for 1896, in connection with the Brisbane Chess and Draughts Club, was concluded on Saturday afternoon in the large upper room of the Grand Arcade dining-rooms, kindly lent by Mr. Fuller. The contest was for the honour of second place and a silver medal, the gold medal having been so cleverly won by Abraham on the previous Saturday. The former play damped the courage of several of the aspirants, so that out of a possible thirteen only eight entered the lists. The players were t-A Burn, aged 12 ; J. Andrews, 10 ; J. Munro, 11 ; A Harrap, 13 ; A J. Costello, 13 ; G. Bradford, 13 ; A. Gordon, 14 A Drew, 14 The names having been thrown into a but they were drawn and allotted in the following pairs 5 Munro against Drew, Costello against Bradford,. Harrap against Gordon, Andrews aeainstBurrr, The play was very one-sided, Munro, Harrap au Burn scoring the first four games out of six, rendering further play unnecessary, while Costello won four and Bradford one. In the second heat Harrap was drawn against Costello, and Munro against Burn. Munro scored the first four games against Burn ; but between Harrap and Costello the contest was very keen. Out of the first four games Harrap scored three against one for Costello, but the latter won the next two games, making it necessary to play a further game for the conqueror. This game was watched with the greatest interest, both by adults and juveniles, and after varying prospects of success by either player, the majority of which were in favour of Harrap, Costello won. Harrap's play was characterised by brilliance and impulsiveness, the tactics consequent on these qualities being cleverly out- generalled by the apparent coolness and self-possession of his opponent. After an interval of fifteen minutes, Munro and Costello began the contest for the medal, the result of five games showing Munro, 3; Costello, 1; I drawn,!. 