A GRANGER IN CHICAGO. Old Job Sanders, a farmer who resides io the Ambraw bottoms aud fattens his childreo and pigs ou the ' mast,' bad never been ont of the country iu his life, until last week. Hia ideas of the size of a large city were as crude as his knowledge of the science of government, i Indeed, his knowledge of government was more clearly defined than his infor mation regarding any town except Nip- andtuck , for be had had some experieiice in trying to govern his wife, children and dogB. Tbe village of Nipandtuck, by the way, consists of a small grocery and a blacksmith shop, and derives its name from the fact that the farmers get au occasional ' oip ' at the grocery, and go to the blacksmith shop to hammer the ' tucks ' out of their countenance after drinking it. Last week, old Job sold his hazil- splitting hogs to a drover, with the under standing that Job was to accompany the stock train to Chicago on a shipper's pass. Job's wife had a will of her own aud he was compelled to pay her fare aud take her to Chicago, too. He would have taken his wife in the caboose of the stock train, hut the shipper persuaded him to send her ahead on the passenger train. It was arranged for ' Sally Ann,' as Job called his wife, to put np at the Palmer House, where Job and the drover wonld meet her the next day. As Sally Ann knew, if possible, even less about ' city ways ' than J ob did, they were both completely at the mercy of the. drover, who was considerable of a wag and practical joker. On his return from Chicago, yesterday, we managed to ' pump ' a little of his city experience out of Job. ' How did you like Chicigo, Job I' queried the scribs. 'Oh, fair to middliu',' said Job, heaving a sigh. 'It's the durndest biggest town I ever seed, an' it's got more people in it than yon can shake a stick at. They' hain't a bit perlite, though, for when I commenced ehakin' hands with 'em, most of 'em give me the dodge and hurried on like they wuz goin' to a hoss race. Everybody wuz on the skip, aud nobody waited for nothin'. I found oue pore feller with a blue coat aud brass buttons on it asleep, but I woke him up and axed him whar bouts he wuz sick, and ef his wife wuz purty peart. He jumped up and shook a big sbiuin' black club in my face and told me to hustle ou. I tried to apologize to the ding-donged fool, bnt he only got the madder and swore he wonld take me to the lock-up. 1 told him I'd be a thous and times obleeged to him ef he'd show me whar tbe lock-up wuz, fer I -wanted to git a new key fer this old padlock hyar. I guess he seed I wuz a lettle green, kaze be laughed and said I wuz the gol-firedest sucker he ever seed, and then be took me to tbe tavern whar Sally Ann staid all nite.' 'Waal, gosh- amighty ! ain't that tavern a whopper 1 When I got in tbar it 'peared to me that it kivered all ont doors, It hed more people iu it than ever I seed nuder one roof. I axed fer Mr. Palmer, aud ezsoou ez I sot eyes on him I guv him my paw and axed him ef ho war. well, and ef a" -fn'iy AiTOt r@IAu1ir JlQHxeu me my name, and sed my ole woman wuz nearly ded to see me, and rang a leetie bell and hyar come a nigger dressed np to kill, aud sed he'd show me mv room. I follered him ez I could through the crowd, and drectlyne dodged into a leetie room thet was fixed np finer an' a bandbox. Ez soon ez I got in, tbe nigger Bhnt the door, and jist ez I wnz wonderin' what in Sam Hill he wuz goin' to doj he jerked a rope. I thinks to myself, Job Sinders, yore a goner, fer it 'peared ez ef that dod-bimbed big tavern wuz a cavin' iu, but it wuru't fer we wuz a shootiu' tord Heaven faster'u ever I spect to go iu that direc tion agin. We kep' a goin' np and up tell I thought I could hear the aDgels sing, but I found atterwards it wuz nuthin' but cats, holdin' a p cnic on tbe roof. I've beerd a powerful sight 'bout balloons, but I'll be doggoned ef I ex pected to ride in oue of the dratted consarus. I ailuz thought they shot balloons up out a doors, and warn't expectin' to be sent up to glory without a chance to say my prayers. ' I'll jist confess thet I wuz skeered into a conniption, and when the thing Itopped and the nigger opened the door I could hardly get out of the balloon, fer my eyes stock ont like door nobs, and I wuz afeered I'd knock 'em oJPa my face a squeezin' through the door. 'That was an elevator, Job,' we re marked. ' It wasn't a balloon. Bnt tell me, how did you find your wife ?' When the nigger showed me the room my wife wuz in, Hound her under the bed danged nigh skeered to death. She tole me she hed hed twoconniptions, three hystericks, one jeeminy fit, and a hail drove of nightmares. 1 coaxed her out from nuder the bed, and she looked like a ghost. She sed she had been hauted by niggers. I w«z standin' by the door while she wuz tellin' me her troubles, piayio' with a leetie button thet wuz fastened into tbe door-casin', when a nigger stnek his hed into the door, and my wife skreemed and htd a jeeminy bugaboo fer about five miuntes. The nigger brought lu a pitcher full o' water, and lit out. Jist then £ noticed abont forty pitchers o' water sittin' around the room, aud I srz : " Sally Ann," sez I, " what in thunder do you want with so much water I" She sed she didn't want no water, but that a nigger hed bin bringin' a pitcher full o' water every five minutes since she'd bin in thet big tavern. Jist then another nigger brought u> a pitcher uv water, and £ couldn't stand it no longer, so I axed him ef he thought I wuz John the Babtist - and wanted to go in swimmin' I He axed me what I rang for water fer ef I. didn't want in I tole him I didn't ring for anything, bnt" I hed a good mind to wring his neck. "Take yer hand offn the bell-push," sez the nigger. " I hain't got any bell," L "Do you see thet thing ye've got yer thumb ou I" sez ne. " Yes." sez I, " but I don't see no bell ; hev yon heerd a bell riog, Sally Ann She sed she hadn't, Then the nigger showed -me bow the thing worked. The little knob starts.a streak ov lighte ns' down staira, .whjBn yoa posh on it (on the knob, not the - stairs), and it rings a bell down thar, and one ring means Water. Sally Ann bed bin a plckin' at it, too, and that's the leatoa we had so "much water.' Did yon visit the theatres, Job I ' Sally Ann aud me started to Hooley's theatre, but I got put ia the lock-up, and didn't get thar. But it's a gittin' late, and I must go. I'll be iu next week aud tell yu the hull atory. Good day ! and the old man was gone. — New man Independent. 