Chapiee LXV.—On The Downs. High up on the Downs behind tbe town lay a patch o£ wood, dwarfed and stunted in its growth by the sharp breezes that came off the sea. The soil in which they grew, too, was ex- j ceedingly shallow; and, as the chalk beneath was not very generous in its supply of nutriment, the trees sent their roots along the surface, and their lowspreading branches inland, J and a few shabby twigs seaward to meet the cutting blasts. j Eight across this patch of thick low | wood ran the London-road, and across it the coast road, going west, while a tall finger post that had once been • painted stood with outstretched arms,, bending over a little old grey mile stone, as if it were blessing it for being so humble and so small. It was along this road that Eichard Linnell, Mellersh and James Bell had cantered, and then turned off at the cross, on the night of their pursuit, and the chalky way looked much the same beneath twinkling stars about ten o'cloek on the night succeeding that when Louis Gravani had had his interview with Claire as on that of Mrs. Pont-Ardents party. The similarity was increased by the presence of a yellow post chaise, but it was not drawn up at the back of Mrs. Pont-Ardent's garden, but here on i the short turf, close up to the trees j and opposite the finger post. The chaise, an old yellow weather | beaten affair, seemed to be misty, and the horses iidistinct in the darkness, looking quite the ghost of a vehicle, that might be expected to fade away like a trick of the imagination, every thing was so still. The very horses were asleep, standing bent of knee and with pendant heads. One of the wheelers, however, uttered a sigh now and then as if unhappy in its dreams, for it was suffering not from night mare, a trouble that might have be fallen any horse, but from the weight j of the sleeping post boy on its back, j The man evidently believed in his steed as an old friend, and had lain forward over the pummel of his sad-. die, half clasping the horse's neck, and r sleeping heavily, while his companion who rode one of the leaders, had dis mounted and seated himself upon the turf where the road was cut down through the chalk, so that his legs were in a channel and his back against a steep bank. They had been asleep quite an hour when a quick step was heard, a misty i looking figure in a long grey wrapper, and closely veiled, came along the road, stopped short by the postboys, retreated and whispered softly as the turf opposite was reached. " Hist! Are you there ? Oh, graci ous! What a wicked girl I am! He has not come." " He may he inside," she said softly and going on tip-toe to the door her hand was raised to the fastening, when one of the wheelers snorted and half roused the mounted postboy. "Hullo, then, old gal," he muttered loudly. " To—yo—yo—yo—yo— ! Gate—gate." " What shall I do ? exclaimed the veiled figure, and she seized one of the spokes of the wheel and clung to cried Denville, -with tixemuBt artificial maimer reigning supreme, as be flicked away a tiny speck of dust from bis frill. " We can laugb at these things —we elderly people, and treat tbem as they deserve." *' But, Mr. Denville " " No dear madam, no ; I protest," he continued almost playfully. "Jo-si-ah, time's Hying," cried Mrs. Barclay, in a. pathetic manner that was absolutely comical. " What am I to say to this man?" " Tell him," said Barclay, sternly, i " Ah I" ejaculated Mrs. Barclay, : with a long sigh, as if she shrank from her task. " It must be done. Dear Mr. Denville, I don't like telling you, but Mrs. Burnett " Denville reeled and caught at Bar clay's arm. " Hold up, old fellow! Be a man," cried the money lender, supporting him. The old man recovered himself and stood up very erect, turning for a moment on Barclay, as if angry that he should have dared to touch him. Then looking fiercely at Mrs. Barclay:— ' Hush, ma'am I" he cried. " Shame shame! How can you—you who are so true and tender hearted! To let yourself be the mouthpiece of this wretched crew?" " But indeed, Mr. Denville Oh, hush, ma'am, hush! Tou who know people so well. Mrs. Bur nett—my dear sweet child, May—the idol of my very life—to be made the | butt now at which these wretches j shoot their venomous shafts. Scan dals, madam; scandals, Barclay. Coinages from the very pit. A true, sweet lady, sir. Bright as a bird. Sweet as some opening flower. And they dare to malign her, with her bright, merry, innocent ways—that j sweet young girl wife. Oh, shame! Shame upon them ! Shame i" j "Oh, Denville, Denville," said Bar clay, softly, as he laid his hand upon the old man's sooulder. | " Ah!" he cried, " even you pity me for this. Dear Mrs. Barclay, I ought to be angry with you; but no, I will not. Tou mean so well. But it is a I have—in a life so full of pain | and suffering that I wonder how I live—the^love of my daughters—their to defend against the world. Madam, you are mistaken. My daughter—an English lady—as pure as heaven. But I thank you—I am not angry— you mean well. Always kind and helpful to my dear child Claire. Ha, ha, ha!" It was a curious laugh, full of af fectation, and he took snuff again with all the old ceremony, but he did not close the box with a long snap, and as his hand fell to his side the brown powder dropped in patches and flakeB here and there upon the carpet. " Ha, ha, ha!" he laughed again, " Calumnies, madam—I say it as I take my leave—the calumnies of false fribbles and envious women. Busy again with my dear children's names. But we must live it down. Elope ment ! Pshaw 1 The coxcombs ! The Jezebels! My child! Oh, I cannot mention her sweet, spring flower name in connection with such a horror. It is atrocious." Denville," said Barclay, in answer to an appealing look from his wife. Ho, no! Hot a word, sir, not a word," cried Denville, raising his hand, "It is too absurd—too vil lanous. Madam, it is from your good heart that this warning comes. I thank you ma'am. Tou meant to put me on my guard Barclay, adieu, my good friend. Tou'll shake hands. Tou'll take no notice of this slight emotion —this display of a father's indignation on hearing such a charge. Mrs. Bar clay, if I have spoken harshly, you'll forgive me. I don't blame you, dear madam. An revovr! Ho, no; don't ring, I beg. I pray you will not come down. Tou'll banish all this—from your thoughts—" He stopped short and reeled again, dropping snuff box, hat and cane as he clasped his hands to his head, star ing wildly before him. The feeble affected babble ceased suddenly, and it was another voice that seemed to come from his lips as he exclaimed loudly, in hot anger— "It is a lie! Tou—May! The girl I've loved so well—you! When my cup of suffering is brimming over. A lie—a lie, I say. Ah!" His manner changed again; and now it was soft and full of wild appeal, as he cried— " May—May ! My darling ! God help me, poor broken dotard that I am. Shall I be in time ?" it as the other postboy, slightly roused by his companion, took up his cry and shouted, drowisly— To—yo—yo—jo—yo— ! Gate The horses sighed, and the men sub sided into their nap, a long ride on the the previous evening having made tbem particularly drowsy. " Talking in their sleep," said the veiled figure, raising herself and try ing the handle of the chaise door, and reaching in to make sure whether' it was tenanted or no. "Not come," she sighed. "He must be late, or else I've missed him. He is looking for me. Oh, what a, wicked girl I am. What's that?" She turned sharply around, darting behind the chaise and among the trees as a faint sound was heard; and this directly after took the form of a short slight man approaching on the other side of the road, stopping to gaze and then backing slowly into the low bush like trees, which effectually* hid him from sight. There was utter stillness again for a few moments, when a dull sound of steps was once more heard, and another short slight figure approached armed with a short stout cane. He kept close to the grass, and walked straight up to the sleeping post boys, examined them and then stood listening. Just in time," he said to himself " Drowsy dogs ! Ha—ha—ha! I wish Dick Linnell were here. I should like thefoolto seehergo. Hang it! I'd have given Harry Payne fifty to help him on the road if he had asked me. Get rid of her for good, curse her, I'm sick of the whole lot. Eh! What the devil—" "What are you doing here, Bur nett? said Bichard Linnell, crossing the road from the Downs in companv with Mellersh. " What am I doing 1 Taking the air. Did you think I was going to elope in a post-chaise. Hist! don't speak aloud or you U wake the post-boys. But I say — hang it all — have I been humbugged ? Was it you then ' who were going off with Claire and not Sir Harry Payne ?" Do you want me to horsewhip you Burnett ?" cried Linnell in a low pas sionate voice. " Not I. There don't be cross. I can't help it, if she is going." Linnell turned from him impatiently but Burnett followed. " Let her go, man. What's the good of worrying about her ? Better for both of us." "Come aside," said Mellersh, softly. " Here they are." Linnell seemed disposed to stand fast, so Mellersh took his arm. "Look here, my dear boy," he whispered, " you don't want to inter fere. Let her go." Linnell turned upon him fiercely, but he yielded to his companion's touch, and they walked on some 20 yards, followed by Burnett, who was laughing to himself and rubbing his hands. " Lucky I heard," he said to him self. " I only want to be satisfied." The steps approaching were not those of a lady and gentleman, but of I Lord Carboro and Barclay, who, in utter ignorance of any one but the postboys being at hand, stood for a few moments listening. " Tes, Barclay." said the former. ' I could not bear for the poor girl to go without making a step to save her. I'm an old fool, I know, but not the first of my kind. I tell you, asking nothing, expecting nothing, I'd give £10,000 to feel that I had not been deceived in her." " Pay up, then, my lord, for I tell you that you have been deceived. Once more: the lady is May Burnett, her sister." " I'm assured that it is Claire Den ville, and if it is, Barclay, I'll save her, damme, I will, if I shoot the in." " But, my lord—" " Don't talk to me sir. I tell you if I saw her going to church with a 1 fellow like young Linnell, I'd give her a handsome present; but I can't bear for such a girl as that to be g ing j " Unless it was with you, my lord,' said Barclay, abruptly. You confounded rascal! How dare you!" Lord Carboro. "Do you think I have no feeling in me. There, you would'nt believe in my disinterestedness any more than I would in yours. Don't talk. What shall we do ? Pay the postboys and send them off? " No, my lord, stand aside, and make sure that we have made no mis take." " If you have made no mistake." said his lorship, quickly; and he and his companion had hardly drawn aside into the convenient wood to swell the circle gathering round the intending evaders, when Richard Lmnell made a step from his concealment and was arrested by Mellersh, as Burnett whis pered : " "What are they here for?" Just- then one of the postboys yawned and stretched himself, making, noise suffient to awaken his fellow, , who rose from the bank and flckedhis. whip." "Howlong have we been here?" said the man on the horse. " Hours, and not a soul to come. My ticker's been asleep as well," he muttered after pulling out his watch. " I believe the 'osses have been having a nap too. I say, I'm getting sick of this." " Think they'll come ?" " Hang me if I know—Guvrnor seems to have been about right." " Why, what did he say?" " You were there and heard him." " Ho; I was in the stable." " Said two po'chays was ordered,', and he'd only horses for one. That it * was certain as it was a 'lopement, that both parties wouldn't come and' por- - haps neither of 'em. If they did Sir Matty Bray and Sir Harry Payne had ■ better fight it out, and the gals go home. Hist! Is that them ?" The two men listened attentively as : steps were heard, and the listeners ha the wood were all on the qui vive. Directly after, Sir Harry Payne" came np. " Seen a lady, my lads ?" " Ho, sir. Been on the watch ever since we came, and no one's been near," said the first postboy. " Humph ! Past time. Horses fresh?" " Presh as daisies, Sir Harry. Don't you be afraid. Ho one'll catch us." " Are you sure you've both been watching? Hot been asleep, hare you ?" "Sleep a-top of a horse; Sir Harry ? Hot we." " Mount 1" cried Sir Harry, to the second man. " Here she comes." What followed was the business of few moments. A slight little veiled figure came panting up, and' was caught in Sir Harry's arms. "Atlast!" he cried. "This way little pet—curse the woman!: What are you doing here ?" "Claire Denville's cloak dropped, from her shoulders as; panting and. utterly out of breath with the chase after her sister, she flung her arms: about her and held her fast. " May!" she panted. "Sister are you mad ?" " You'll make me in moment," cried Sir Harry. " Curse you why did you interfere ?" " May !" cried Claire again, " Por pity's sake—for the sake of your hus band, do not do this wicked things Come back with me; come back. Ho one shall know, sister, dear sister, be fore it is too late." " Hay, it is too late," whispered Sir Harry. "Choose; will you go back to misery and disgrace ?" At the edge of the wood the Bcene was just visible, but tbe words were inaudable. Burnett bad not at first recognised his wife; but Claire's voice rang clear, and with a sneer he turned to Richard Linn'ell:— " There!" he said. " What did I say? What are you going to do now ?" " Try and save your foolish wife, idiot, if you are not man enough to interfere." He sprang out of the wood as he spoke, but ere be could reach the group, Sir Harry Payne, by a brutal execise of klus power swung Claire away from her sister; and as she stag gered on the turf she would have fal len but for the quick way in which Richard Linnel caught her in his arms. She clung to him wildly, as strove to recover herself. " Help ! Mr. Linnell! Quick ! my sister!" she panted, as Sir Harry Payne hurriedly threw open the door of the chaise. "In with you—no nonsense, now," he cried to May. " Be ready, my lads—gallop hard. I'll pay." He was leaning towards , the post boys as he spoke, but as the words left his lips they were halfdrowned by a piercing shriek that rang out upon the night sending a: thrill through every bystander. It was. no hysterical cry, but the agony and dread-born ap peal for aid from one in mortal peril. Sir Harry held the door open, and stood as if paralysed by the cry, for instantaneously a dark lithe figure had glided out from beneath the chaise, caught May's arm, and as the word " Traitress!" seemed hissed in her ear, there was a flash as of steel, and a sharp blow was delivered like lightning twice over. " Curse you 1" cried Sir Harry. *' Cowardly dog 1" He seized May's assailant by the throat, but only to utter a low cry of pain, and stagger back from the effects of a heavy blow he received in the shoulder. To the startled protectors at hand it was all like some scene in the half light of a drama. Ho sooner had the dark figure rid himself of Payne 'than he glided rapidly beneath the chaise, aigain, and before those who ran up to arrest him could reach the further side of the vehicle, he had darted into the wood and was gone. Just then a voice ] cried. " Help! for heaven's sake or she'll bleed to death." 