MERINO. (prom our owk oobw8posdest.) July 6. Tbc June of this year wiU be long remem bered as one one of the direst is the annals of the colony. In this neighbourhood -we experienced last month a succession of frosts which, for ouantity and severity, have sot been eclipsed within the recollection of the oldest inhabitant, and 1 suppose this district is no exception. Of course, the weather has boon correspondingly dry, and on all aides . wc began to bear of tanks and wells getting : short, ieadiog almost to the belief that a . drought was imminent in the middle of winter, hot at the present time it is satisfac- i ton? to state the weather has changed. Jcpi- I trrYjnviux has unlocked his reservoirs, and j treated us to some tine showers. Sixty points , have fallen, with a prospect of continuance. | A good deal of ploughing is going on in the j neighhnurhorid. and m>»st of t lie small fane- j rrs have tinifihed. whilst others have still ( hundreds ol acres to turn over. I under- j stand Mr. White, lessee of the late Mr. . lirtimmond's farm, dees not intend to start , ploughing until Anc«st» hy whieJi time, uo doobt. the ground will le saturated, and coo- : seoiientlv. a good deal of labour saved. On Hi e farm of the above-named gentle man i noticed, about a mont-b back, a very in genious devise lor cutting down old thistles, and alt aconainted with the locality will realise what n line held it presents for such an invc.hiinn to operate. It consisted of a common mowing machine drawn by a couple ol strong hotKi. which cut them down ; a ort of' harrmr-rake trailing some yards tv-hinn. attacheo nv wire, coesxoegauienng. 4nt th»- novelty consists of keeping the sccu- miilstod mas> burning, thus reducing it to aFh'-- f:8t as gathered. 1he appearance at lirst wa« vcr\ novel. An eye witness to tho rxovrimout, at a dietauue, was flOrcly puwled to so-e what he thought to be a phe nomenon performing its regular motion . round the circumference of the paddock, and concluded it mucit be the comet, which was : then visible at night, descended to trrra iirma riorinc thr d-v. (lor contingent of riflemen picked torepre- ; s»'iit the H Uompany at Ballarat, on the Tvhn-r. mado bnt a sorry display on that memorable occasion : but it is a great con- aoiation to include the highest aggregate aonrer of eir her ride, to wit Mr. Angus MDonatd, who«e total of PS must be con sidered as one nf the best totals compiled in the colony, and from the way which this most reliable rifleman has gradually been improving since joining the Merino Club, I prudie.t hononrs great are yet in store. At «. ail events. ) should not be surprised on a future occasion seeing him hare a bid for Wimhludnn honours. it is aatisiactory to note that through the persistency of our member, Mr, ShieJs, the irathc manager has promised to have erected our much rrouircd railway station. Con sidering the traffic on this line, and the very temporary premises doing duty a a station, i: is a wonder the. Department has left the work sn long. However, bettor Ute than never, and it is hoped now the work has been decided upon that it will he completed as rapidly as possible. It ia to he hoped during the coming wool season, and in the interest of teamster- generally, that the Coleraioc road will re- ceivi' a share of attention. This is m ich wanfj-ii. A long time ago it was brought urgently before the Shire Council, and $vnce then u jew of the most dangerous sidings have lieen improved, bat it wanta \ery much mere doing to make it «afe for trafnr. The ratepayers might almost afford 1 1 have the main portion of their rates spent in that direction this year, as it is nuite evident that this station ia competing with Branxholme for trade to and from the northern district, a lot of which could Iw diverted this way by the judicious ex penditure of a few hundreds. Inhere aro no won-c scourges to young )amh> than cagiehauk>, and -tiock owners with reason have a great dread of them, cftpccially in clear country, where they can with greater facility make the requisite swoop lor seizing their prey. How they exist all the year, nr what sustains them, it is hard to imagine, hut they seem to have a continuous banquet at lambing time. Though generally observed in pairs, some times they are seen congregated in large number?. The other day one. of cur line repairer captured one on the wine. The gourmand came innocently flying by. and the renairor. having a loaded gun at hand, immediately seized it and brought down the bird, whii'h measured reven feet from tip to tip of the wines. No doubt by this one vAHial frkot a great manv Unibs will be onsihiwd to tide over their infancy. The ghost :hmo has l»e.n fanned ia this neighbourhood 1>v some small-minded people, who whilot always keeping their own akiu wifjiin thr bounds of safety, like to enjoy the terror ol otlmr, and acting on this principal, hnv-' bv 4li»vising mysterious appearances at iiigJ.t, sought to frighten the weak-minded into a belief that his chnstship is really about. 1 trust, to hi- able to renort on some of these occasions t-hat the attark has been turned, arid the gliost. instead of proving an airy nhantom fnnnd «ohd Anouffh tft withstand a few lusty appliances of the right foot. \ Tl>e annual meeting of the riff a club is ad- i vertisod to he held on Saturday the 9th ioaLt when it is to be desireil that all the members that can conveniently, will attend. 