PARNELL AND GRATTAN: DIALOGUE. A (Contemporary Review, January, 1886.) (Concluded from last uoeeh) P. You do not think highly, then, of Mr. Sexton's oratory? . . . I was saying, sir, that yon seem to have no great opinion of Mr. Sexton as an orator. G. No great . . . orator' . . . Ah, pardon me; my thoughts were for the moment elsewhere. I have sot noticed, sir, that he differs from the mt of yon, save in being somewhat more fluent. But I do not—I trust you will forgive my plain speaking—I do not recognise in any of you one spark of the Irish genius for oaatory. P. May I speak with the same freedom on my own part, air ? G. Surely, surely. P. Then I will own to you, Mr. Grattan, that I am devilish glad you don't. G. Ha! P. O ur native fluency—for you aliow, I think, that we still possess that—has stood us In exoellent stead in harassing the English Parliament; though, as long as Blue Books exist, I cannot admit even that quality to be indispensable. One of the finest, in the sense of the moBt effective, speeches for the purpose—that of exasperating the House of Commons— which I can remember to have beard from the Irish benohes, was delivered by Mr. Blggar without any assistance what ever from his great inventive powers. I was, literally Indeed, a delivery in the accoucheur's sense of the word. The speech waB the offspring of a pregnant Blue Book, and he was four hours bringing It into the world. G. And It is to such arts as these that the most brilliant and eloquent of raoes has descended. P. Mr. Grattan, I will be plain with you. We have, indeed, descended, if you pleaBe to call It so, from the art of manipulating words to that of dealing with men and things. You may make the most of the humiliating admission : there it Is. And, further, we make bold to think that it was from lack of aptitude ior the last-named ignoble accomplishment that you and your distinguished contemporaries so signally failed to utilise the vlotory [which you won In 1782. G. Alas, sir ! I am fully sensible of the mistakes which we committed. P. " Which we committed!" History, sir, I must*with reluctance tell you history and your countrymen ascribe the largest share of that responsibility to yon. G. To me, Mr. Parnell 1 And why ? P. On the principle that to whom much is given of him shall muoh be required. You were fully fifty years ahead of your colleagues of the Irish Parliament in political ideas : it was not enough for you to be abreast of them in action, oven if you did act, and I doubt whether you did not lag behind. G. You refer, I suppose, to the question of P. I refer to all questions—or, at any rate, to every great question of the time. In each of them you were much in advanoe of your age. Catholic Emancipation, Parliamentary Reform G. Do not forget freedom of trade with England, sir. p. A—a—yes, freedom of trade, an excellent policy for the time. On all these questions you were sound, and your opinions were relatively enlightened. Yet you achieved nothing. G. Suppose nothing was possible ! P. Nothing possible 1 to a man who was for the moment the idol of a people, and they a people with arms In their hands. G. Can a natloD turn its weapons against its own prejudices 1 and it was there that the real enemy was to be found. Ireland wanted not power, but light; and though the night of religlouB Intolerance was far spent, the dawn had not yet come. Have you really read your country's history so incarlously as to imagine that Cathollo Emancipation was possible in the last century ? P. Add " and In that Parliament,' and undoubtedly I must answer "No." But whose fault was it that that Parlia ment remained unreformed ? • • • You are silent; yon regret the indecision that kept you neutral between privilege and the people at that supreme crisis in your country's fortunes. And you may well regret it. For by your inaction yon condemned the Reform movement to defeat as Burely as though you had thrown the whole of your fnfluence against it. G. I think you overrate my power ,of controlling events. P. And Ithink, Mr. Grattan, that you do not think so. I think that, in looking r back upon the events of 1782, you feel, and have long felt, that the reproach,.not mint, but .history's, vrhloh you : have joat heard from me Is no more than just. What was the situation 1 The armed force which had wrung Independence from the English Government was willing, nay, eager, to complete its work. The Convention of the Volunteers was for the moment a rival of Parliament, but what mattered a rivalry the objeot of which was not to depress, bnt to elevate! not to overthrow, but to reform 1 Far Inferior men to yourself, sir, and men no less averse from violent courses, had the wit to perceive that. Mr. Flood, indeed, may have joined the Convention because you held aloof, but what say you to Lord Charlemont ? You bad in the Volunteer Convention a political engine of irresistible power, an engine which only needed the guidance and control of the one hand to whloh all men were looking in order to have swept away the rotten fabric of monopoly which then did duty for an Irish Parliament, and to have oleared the ground for the erection of a stable edifice. That one hand was yours, and it was withheld. G. Was it for me to coerce the Parliament for which I had won Independence, and to coerce it on the very morrow of the victory 1 P. Most certainly, knowing, as you did, the stuff of which it was made. G. Was It for me to assume that It would not do right and justice except under military pressure ? P. It was for you, sir, and for any sensible man, to assume that what uni* versal experience has demonstrated 1b true. What corrupt Parliament ever yet reformed Itself except In obedienoe to out* side pressure acting either upon Its fears or upon the ambitions of its contending parties 1 Two- thirds of the Irish House of Commons were the nominees of a hundred borough- mongers. What miracle was to Induce such a body to surrender Its exclusive privileges of its own accord 1 The overwhelming stress of a national demand was needed, and It was there. The Volunteers gave voice to it. G. What? An armed force, Mr. Parnell 1 P. Yes. A citizen soldiery, Mr. Grattan. Come, sir, you had no scruples on the matter of pike and musket when English Ministers and Parliaments were concerned. Are not rights best won with arms In our hands 1 G. Ay, from the foreigner, but not from our own countrymen. P. A pretty sentimeBt, and one which might be valuable if our fellow-oountrymen were brothers In fact as well as In theory. Bnt Irishmen! sir, and in your day ! Tou may have felt the fraternal emotion towards them all. G. God knows I did I P. But what, sir, as a practical man, could you expeot of so bitterly divided a race, with a minority established in power? Such things, Mr. Grattan, are stern, grim facts which it is for men to deal with as what they are, and which no amount of noble sentiments and silvertongued eloquenoe will do away with. No, nor any amount of impassioned denunciation uttered when sentiment has discovered its self-deception too late to undo its effects. Do you remember how you addressed your "brethren" of the Irish Parliament within eight years of your having freed them and missed reforming them ? " The country Is plaoed in a sort of interval between the ceasing of a system of oppression and the formation of one of corruption. Go on for ten or twelve years as you have done for the last five" [ten was enough as It turned out], "Increase In the same proportion your number of Parliamentary places; get every four years new taxes, and apply them as you have done, and then the Minister will find that he has impaired thn trade and agriculture as well as destroyed the virtue and freedom of the country. . . . . There Is no objeot which a course of corrupt government will not ruin—morality, constitution, commerce, manufactures, agriculture, Industry. A corrupt Minister Issues forth from his Cabinet like sin and death, and Senates first wither under his footstep; then he ooasumeB the Treasury, and then he corrupts the capital, and the different forms of the constitutional life and the moral system; and at last the whole Isle is Involved in one capaoiouB onrse from shore to shore, from the nadir to the zenith." Magnlfioent indignation ! but just eight years too late 1 G. To what, sjr, does all this tend ? I have listened with patience, I may even say with humility, to your very severe remarks on the politloal conduct of an erring but sincere friend of his country. May, I psk what argumentative purposes they are Intended to serve T P. This, sir. You yourself have been commenting, with at least equal severity, on the intellectual and educational defects of my party, and I wished, with, submission, to,(suggest to you that successin polltica depends upon other qualities than those Jfor which you and your contemporaries more so eminent, and to which yoa Mteeb bo much value. G. I am obliged to you for the lesson, but I still . . . I do not quite perceive the application. P. Do you not? And yet you were good enough a while sgo to credit me with some fitness for leadership on the strength of what you called my faculty of command. Can you not, then, perceive that my followers also may possess qualities more valuable than the mere empty dexterity of the rhetorician— loyalty, discipline, comradeship, disdain of self-display, and readiness in selfeffacement ? Is it better that a man should speak brilliantly for his own glorification, or serviceably for the common cause 1 Nay, is not silence itself, in pueaaasce of a concerted plan against the enemy, better than the puerile personal quarrels in which the men of 1782 expended the energies which were seeded for the service of the country 1 G. Undeniably; incontestably ; you talk the most excellent good BenBe, Mr. Parnell. But really, except it be for the purpose of pointing another harsh reflection at your humble servant, I am still unable to catch the drift of your remarks. Let it be granted that to succeed in action requires the qualities of a man of action, and that I and my contemporaries were merely a set of accomplished word-epianera, utterly unable to handle facts, to deal with men, to foresee and to control events. Let it be granted further that you and your party are not accomplished word-spinners, and that in your opinion you possess all the qualities of the man of action. You will think me very dull, I fear, but—what is the moral ? P. The moral is, Mr. Grattan, that whereas you and your associates, with your brilliant intellectual qualities, failed, I and my associates, with our homelier proe-tics* qualitee G. Weill 1 P. Have succeeded. G. Indeed 1 It seemed as if that must be the moral, and yet I could not believe it. We know the scriptural warning against boastfulness addressed to him who putteth on his armour; but, egad, I never before knew a man begin boasting before he had even begun to don helm and hauberk at all. Why, sir, you have not got ycur Parliament yet, though I lay no stress upon that, for I believe you will get it; but when you have, what then? Why, it is only then that your quality can begin to be tested. Ton talk of our failure. We won an independent Parliament which had at least lasted for eighteen years when P. When it was put up to auction. If ours lives as long, it will assuredly not end in that fashion. G. Perhaps not: but will It live as long? and may it not end in a fashion even more disastrous, if less disgraceful ? P. Disgrace is the worst of disasters, I would rather that an English brigadier should drive us out at the point of the bayonet than that an English Viceroy should buy us out with Castle gold. But have no fear, Mr. Grattan. We shall escape both fates, G. I trust you may ; but I confess I Bee a danger of the former. Beform will have secured your Parliament, or, Bince you aro good enough to call it BO, " my" Parliament, against liability to corruption ; but have a care lest faction within its walls breed anarchy without, and the menace of civil war bring down upon it the heavy hand of England. What will be your relations with your House of Lords? P. Extremely distant, sir. As at present advised, we do not propose to have any such House at all. G. No House of Lords! That will not be "my" Parliament then. If I was an Irishman first, I WBB a Whig Constitutionalist afterwards; and I would have stoutly resisted any attempt to depart in our own country from the English system of government by King, Lords, and Commons. P. We have no such superstition, Mr. Grattan. We are resolved to dispense with one of the pillars of the State, and there are also some of us who believe that the edifice would stand aB firm even if we knocked away another. G. My offspring Is being disfigared out of all recognition. P, They are the mere changes of natural growth, believe me. It is often difficult to recognise the infant In the adult. G. It Is, and In disposition sometimes as well as la appearance. Children have had to'„be,dislnherlted for a change of the former sort, and 1 begin to be mightily afraid that I shall have to diBowu this child of mine. You abjure the English party system, as I understand. Do you hope to prevent a revival of it in Ireland, and how ? P. That is a point which we have not yet considered. G. Aha! the practical men ! - So you have so more notion, it seems, of the way in which yon intend to work your Parliament than if you were mere rhetoricians like myself. P. Youc enthusiasm for the reoovery of our independence appears to have cooled considerably, sir. You think now, I should imagine, that the opening of our Parliament in Dublin would be adequately utilised even by a speech from the despised Sexton. G. You might have spared me the taunt, but I admit its justice. I assumed too hastily that Institutions might survive unaltered, although the men who mould i and direct them should have changed. And yet—and yet I do not regret the impulsive utterances of my joy. I have faith unbounded in the genius and the future of the Irish race, and believe that the self-government of Ireland, even under forms the most repugnant to all my strongest vlewB of what iB essential to the prosperity and stability of States, will be overruled by Divine Providence to her happiness. P. Spoken like a true Irishman, sir I Even the most cynical of Englishmen would not hesitate, I think, to admit that. G. Nor will I abandon the hope that, with the restoration of Irish independence, the type of Irish representative may Improve. Ooce more, I trust, we may see the nobility and gentry of Ire- , land joining hands with her peasantry, and vowing upon the ashes of their extinguished feuds that all alike, gentle and simple, landlord and tenant P. Excuse my interrupting you, Mr. Grattan, but the dramatla situation which your prophetic eye presents to you is an impossible one. The Imagined actors lu it will be struck out of the caBt. G. Sir? P. We propose to buy out the landlords, and convert the tenants into peasant proprietors. G. What! Mr. Parnell? Abolish the Irish gentry altogether ? Again I find my judgment in revolt against your policy. P. No one can regret it more than I do, but that is our settled verdict. G. The capital, the energy, the intelligence of agricultural Ireland to be thus annihilated at a stroke ! Then our commerce, our manufactures, our urban industries must indeed be Bpeedily and largely developed, or we die. P. We Bhall not die, but develop them, G. I earnestly trust that you may. A free and growing commercial intercourse with the sister kingdom might yet afford the means of restoring prosperity to onr unhappy P. We do not take that view, air. The trading classes lean strongly to the belief that protection against the competition of English goods muBt precede any successful attempt at the revival of Irish industries. G. Ah ! now indeed you astonish me. When England is at last encouraging our productions, and admitting our products, you would exclude hers ? P. The wisdom of such a course is, I know, disputed. But the policy is favoured in this country, and I believe it will prevail. G. Have you well considered Its effect upon the minds of the English people ? Have you reflected that it will do more to alienate them from you than any mere separation of Legislatures ? P. Why should we mind alienating those to whose friendship we are absolutely Indifferent ? G. Your language, Mr. Parnell, strikes a chill to my heart. Has it indeed come to this ? P. Has it come to this ? you ask. It Is more than a generation Bince it came to this. And what is more, it may get beyond this when Ireland has once obtained her independence. G. Beyond this! I cannot guess your meaning, sir, and I hardly dare to aBk it. P. Take courage, Mr. Grattan, and put the question. G, What more, then, what worse can you do than estrange that nation ou whom onr future prosperity so greatly depends ? P. What more, sir ? We can shake ourselves for ever free from the nation which has cursed us with our past misfortunes. G. Separation! P, It is you who have said It. G. Ay ! the word, the word. But the thought is in your mind. P. Why should I deny It ? It Is In the mind of every Irishman who loves his country. G. Mr. Parnell, it is impossible. God has joined the two nations together. P. And It will be He who sunders them. Let Him guide the hearts of Englishmen aright, If it be etlll the will of Providence that England and Ireland should not be separated. G. Then you will not of your own accord declare your diss-— P. We shall deolare nothing. 1 Ireland will subscribe her message of farewell to England with that significant phrase of the old-fashioned letter- writer—"Yours, as you use me." It is for England to determine Us interpretation. But that, air, will bis "our last word , to her. G. Then let It be my last word to you, that I disclaim the sponsorship which you would fix upon me. The assembly which would sever the last tie between Ireland and England shall not with my consent be known as " Grattan's Parliament." P. We shall deeply regret its dissociation from a name so venerated by Irishmen; but we shali;[bear it as^beet we may. G. I wouId[say more, much more. I would reason with you, plead with you, adjure you. But I cannot; the day is breaking. I must be gone. P. Farewell, sir. . . . The day is indeed breaking, and his is not the only ghost that has lingered. Loyalty, unity, brotherhood—bodiless phantoms of a dead past!—you will never face the broad daylight of Irish Independence. It is time that yon, too, should disappear. H. D. TRAILL. 