Published on cTucsdys.y &Friclas..; TUESDAY,. Gym APRIL, 1880" Neiws alnd Notes. Forsomo time past an old w,odearler has amused numerous people by his description of a ghost that he has seen on the Mansfieold.road, near theo Ioyal Farm.. He always alleges that it is th.* spirit of a murderol man con. pelled so. wander unlil' his bones have been given a Christian burial. The story has been put down to ' spirits" of this world, of which the " ghost- seer" is a boon companion. Now the story is being revived again, as on Friday .last three young moee were coming homo from fishing, whoen, as they allege, they were startled at seeing a shadowy form in front of them It was spoken to, but evidently not understatiding the human language Iremainedi : ihilent. 'Ono of thi party struck at it with his fishing rod; but was startled at seeing the rod pass through it. The whole party waited to see': n,t'ainoo, but miadeo. speedy tracks into the town On Saturday night at the " hour when grave yards ynawu,' a party efaboutadozoendrove out the scene fully determined- to' lay I the ghost with the aid of a shot' gun or two, but saw nothing 'out of' the commontn. \Vo would caution the lpractical joker, if it be eion, a i he will receive a warm reception for his pains. On Friday last a woodcnrter named M1'Vitiie, who resides near the Ilenalla ]Ecst State School, left home to.go to the races, but up to last night ihad not returned. Ieo was seon by Mlr. E Griflith.s, the wv ,re for liquor, at nicie o'clock the name evening, but fromi that date sll traces have been lost A number if his friends and the police, accompunied by one of the trackers, " Darby," were out searching on Sunday afternoon but could not learn his where abouts. At St Joseph's Church the bRv. J. P. Carolan announced on Sunday last that a mission and j?biloe would shortly be instituted in this part of the diocese, and impressed oe the congre. gation the spiritual good these obser vances bear on a people. Th'e Rev Father also road an Encyclical letter which had been received by the bishop of tilhe diocese, the embodiment of which bore on the best interests of religion. We ha]r received the first number -of tie Australian Okristiatn World. The paper consist of 2l pages. and is well printed; but we can hardly ap prove of the new style of puff dilvertisements they .arove ado ted. especially in. a papes devoted to religion. ee hiavre l-o received the, the current nunlbo-s of the A.slrctlianc ews Skeolcher, Autrelian. J'o,iri,al and Once 'e .Flo,/th, anctd they are up to their usual standard of xew lluence. A loietter bearing the nignaturo of Lord Harris inappars in the Londlon Standard relating to the apotronehl ing vri t of another Australian cricketing. eloven, in which tho. writer criticisos the pecuniary arranlgemenllts under wit h the teamnwill play. Lord Harris objects to the principle of the Melbourne Clinb pocketing the profits of the tour, and expresses a hope that the members of the team will vary the conditions and divide the proceeds amongst them. More trouble appears tobhobrowing in the New South Wales Parliament according to a.teleramn in .Saturday's ge:--It was expoeted thcttSi r. Pctrie?k I Jennings would makelto the financial statement, but soon after eight o'clock he road and said that he hald prepared to-disecoso the ficancial policy of the Government, but on the previous eveniug-a motion hlaidi beenl tabled by Sir Henry Parleos, to the effect that nny cequie.cecneo on thici part of tilhe Gve"runent with refo-ence to tlih annexation of the New Hebrides by France is opposed to the interestn of New South W\Vles and the other Australian colonies.. hIe did not know in what light the motion wns.in. tended, or wlhat wans 'he motive which prompted it, but it appeared ..to him that, withba motionuhacging- Over their heads, it would beo a mllst unusual tlhinik to- proceed whith the Govenrnmot business, After a long speech he an nounced that the financial statemeont not be made until Sir Henry Parlkae' motion lind been disposed of: Sir Johl Ilobertson said the New HTebris deosquestion wcas only i small herring drawn across the 'iunistorial trial, and they wuere g'ad'of such'aun excnse to dlo'cy their budget' They wantedl mnore tlno and were inclinnd ti s tlmllh The excuse made by Sir Patrick .T; nings was all humbug.. A long dolebate followed, ic which the general opinion was against thel Governmenot. It rwans suggested th.t Sir Heinry Plarlce phould go on with.his motion, but the Sponeer rnled tlhat he could not do so Sir HI'enry ParLcen" mnotion will comr on for dicussion to.day (Tuesday). On Sat.rdlay aftornoon last thl, settling ipi ii c ,ncectcon withl the ito nalis Atnnual races tick. Pilacu at Tholrnu's Clibblctel, whoen the follow ilg. amounts were paidt ovr:c-Mr. W'illia Littlh, £1 0;) Mr Ii Kccenndly, £50; Mr. W IIong,i £35; Mcr T. Skilton, £30:; Miss hOmnkins, £'25; M .I-. II. B, ,wu., £I5,; hMr W. C. Stool, £L5; ,r It [Iloystulcl £20. Thei uisual toasts were ,Icly lhono,'ed, andc a very.sociible cour wais spent by those present. We wonld call attenotion to the nadvertieomrnts, of l·nr'ses. \Vatta andu M'lBenc, S. N.itha;ci (who alvr'' teaes gcuns ftr'alu on iilce-paymcocc') L.nd tic1n's for tlhe County of l. ra, rand Peard inl Co's. stok sealo, which appear e sewhPcry, ?' - 2'rTC On Fridry nast unstalile O'Sullivan was tloe means of rescuing an unfor tunato itidividua'nl!ho was ".pqssessed of more money'thih biains'i from' the clutches of a couple of spioleos, who, woro closely shepherding thoir victim who, it seems, had boon flourishing a couplo of Sydney .10 notes on the course. Mrs. AM. Walsh very thought fully called the constable's attention to tho fact, and leo theroupon took charge of the tian, who at this timo was sloeping under tllo shado of tho stand.. The look ofdisappointmont on the fztces of tile " bug hunters" was a sighlt to be remembered. We understand that it is the inten tion ofttoe friends of Mr D. O M'O. O'Loary in this part of the electorate to tender to him a complimontary banquot at an early date.. Messss Chas. . Grifllthl and Co. lield their usual fortnightly sale at their Albury yards on Wednesday last, at which there was a good attendance of buyers, andt prices on the whole wero highly satisfactory to vendors Cattle-200, and' about i of which consisted of inferior and useful beef, tht balance mixed stores. We sold drafts for MBossrs P Miriumn, Seymour, Lovett, Connors, Kidl, Sirl.- Carroll, Mla'diso i,.Cobhatfm,ind others. Host cowIs, to 7 7s G6 ; best bullocks (very Ssmnall), to ;SS. 5s; store steers, to £5 13s; mixed cattle, -at full lates. prices on the whole showing a con. siderablo advance on previous rates. Fltt calves.-Wo sold 12 for various ownnr, to £P for extra prime and hl'vy. Sleep.-2000 yarded, best wethers (in lighlt) to 7a 2d; store wethers, 4s to Gs 3d ; mixed weanors (very small) 4'; full moutlh wes, 38. to As, prices oil the whole, considoring the dry season being first class. We sild drafts for Mrs. Splatt, Messrs eimpenstalll, Macvean, amn., Wallace, Gemnell, 'Tskin, Fonnll and other. Ilorses.-About 20 yarded, useful haclks, to ?14?; light drauglhts, to £10. Theo following local horses h vo been entered for the Mnastfield races, which come offon tile "11th and 15th April: -Mansfi'ld Handicap-Mr 'TIbmkins' 'Ding Darlingi and Cymiro, Mr Williaim' Gellndioc, Mr Coin's Try Me, iMr Aloran's Ioenilock and 3Mr Little's Wisdom Farme-'s Purse. - Mr Tomkin's Cymro, Mr William'h Goral dine, Mir Cnius Try Me, Mr Moran's Hemlock, Mr Littlo's Wisdom. HurdleRace - First day. - Mr Hogg's Monseiur and Inverell, Mr Cain's Try Me. Hurdle Race - Second day. - Mr Hogg's Monseiur and Inverell, Mr Cain's Try Me. Mr John Hoysted, well known in this district for mnny years as being one of the main upholders of sport on the turf has been seriously ill for some weeks. Mr I-oysted is at pro sent (says the Chlronlile) at IVanga. rattn, and is now reported to be re covering. From the sa&eof; Mr Connors prizc cattle we notice lhat two shortlhorn bulls come this town that Mr D. hRyan purchased Lidy Rckin - lham's tionn Duke, rnan, ralved 10th Ak\giist, 1885-sire, Dandy Baron 3 d, for tile umi of £14-; and oUr 1?obsrt Roe became tie purchaser of Ludv Mary's Duke, ricli roan, calved 206th October, 18SS-sire champion bull, Dandy B3ron 3rd, at £9. Ont Sunday last tlhe IRe. J. T. Piercoy preached his farewell sormon to large and nppoiativeo conroegatin's both inorning and evening. Last night a farwell tea nand public nieeting was hold in tlho echliabite hall. Tile tea was very largely attended, while at rhe public mooting the hall was icrowdod to sutfication. 'Tho meeting was addressed by the several local ministers and several other gentlelmon. During tlhe evoning a presentation was made to the rev. gentloman on behalf of'his friends A s'rong chtir rendbred music during theo nvening under the able loaderllip of Mr Plhos. Southern. The late hour at which proceedings terminated priludIes us giving a full report in this isue,. bt wo will make amends in. our next. A most. deplorable nccidhnlt hap pened to Senior-constablo Walsl while lhe was returning from. tlhe Corowa .races last week His lorso stumbled ;and fell; throwing him. off, and rolled over Iimn breakintg histlhiglh, Ho was picked. up by Mr P. iiunn shortly ;afterwards and conveyed to lMulwala *wher le le was attended by Drs. Denis and' Lang. It is feared (says the SChronicle) lie will be cripple for life. SEuropeani telegrams under dato of 'April 4; state-Dr..li. I.O'Dolierty. who was formerly a member .of tih .Quoensland. Legislativeo Coiacil, but. who at thle hst general election ass elections. was elected; to represent lMeatl in tlle Fouse of Commons, has notified' his intention of moviong that .members of colonial legislatures should :bo permitted'to take part in, debates in thlo House of' Commons, without tile tright to vote; Thoe -University boat race cami olf'on Sntuardaiy and was won by Cambridge Iy half a lengtli; A \Victorian, studhnt, named' F"airburn, was one of the winning orow. 1 At Aucliland, on. Friday evening. Ridwvuad Fullor, a laborer, aged 22, shot Emily Keolitng, aged 17, the daughter of a ''i-icklayer. Two bullots ilodged: in lhir breast, and slio dind switlhin lalf an hour. Fuller afterwards fired tihe roevolvor'into his own mouth, tand inflicted ta fiatal wound Leotters 'were found in his pocket showing that ito Ihad been Itkeeping company witli tile gir'l clandestinely against the wish of ltur father The crinio was prmnedi tatedl, as tile mtaurder Ihad writton, a farewell letter to lia sisters anld bro tliers, informing thoem of lis intention to ask the girl to accept him, and. if sloi refused, that both sliould die to. gotlior. I'lo Railswny Oomminsioeners will leave Melb,,urno on the 4th inst., i1n vlwhich delv theySgo over thlo Sheo9l pnrttnt andU Dookl lis'I. On the f.tllwine lIv they inspect thi renit' of the Nuirnrknah ndl Nathalia line, nlnd oD thie 1Ith they will go over the Nutnur Ikah and Cobram line. A MDr Crump who disbursed £3 in a fine, and £l 10s in costs in the D:s: trict Court yesterday, for cruelty to a horso- in driving it with a collar gall, developed a new line of defence. " Your Worships I have an open wound in my side, of long standing. I fild that the pressur. of an" iron truss against the wound numbs it, so that I have no fooling; My theory is that my horso is tho.samnoway, for.tlho. gall hias oxisted soiimo tiine, and he does not seem to feel it all." Mr Miiller, lawyer for the prosecution, said "just wait till your boot rasps on a sore heel1 and see if you will feel that," Mr Panton did not seem impressed. with the Crumi " tlheory," 'although it was undoubtedly an argumenteas afd hominnene The B3encld promptly .imposed. the line already inentionecd; boing'-minlful of the fact that B3alaam's '?a ss hlits. done,s. complaining.-Jlera' d. A telegram from Maryborough, Queensland, states that lHolt, the missing manager of the Bank of New Zealand, appeared at Maryborough on Saturday, in the gab of a priest, and is uirdor police surveillonce. Within, a fow days Host Wallace,of tho Broken- Iiver Hotol,vill open his new billiard iroom, whicl,; nroemst saliy would be a credit to any hotel in the metropolis. Tile table was unpacked yesterday, and, to use the words of an authority on these matters, ! She's a nummer." Not being ?ersed in the expression, we must leave the lovers of theecue to forts their own opinion by paying the room a visit. The Benalla Volunteer Fire Brigade has issued a very attractive pro grammo of events for tile forthcoming demonstration, on Easter, Meonday, which should be'the simeatis of bringing. together the largest body of fire breigades over seen in the North-east, there being no' less than eight events, for trophis of good: value. We are informed that the trophies will be on view at Mr. J. Selwood's places of business in a few days. In the ovening a grand drawingroom entertainment .will be held in tihe Shire.hall, at *whicli a number of well known ve calists, as well .es new talent, will take part. The whole proceedings will wind-up with a dance,. The cricket match, teachers v. Club which was to have been played on Saturday last did not come off through tihe paucity of " dominees." It was reportedi last night. that. a fire lhad occurred at Mr Curry's resi dence, W\intou, whereby a large stack of bay was consutnrd. 