Ur Xiaboucliere on tbe SoaBe of Ziords. In the House of Commons last month Mr Laboucherc moved his resolution declaring it to be inconsistent with the principles of representative government that any member of the v. Legislature should derive his title to ^legislate by right ofhett'litary descend In§ spteeli which excitcd much laughter, he puintt-d ont that his motion did not commit any body to a single Chamber ; but he insisted that an hereditary Chamber was an anachronism in these days of democracy, and any Radical who did not take the same view he held to be a humbug. The best cure for those who admired the House of Lordt was to go and see that House when it was sitting. On great occasions peers flocked up from all parts of the country ; they sat there liKe a flock of sheep, and they voted like slieep j. but on an ordinary occasion they would see one peer addressing half a dozen others until it camc near the dinner hour, when they vanished like ghosts. Who were the gentlemen ordinarily made new peers ? Some of them were politicians who bad been bores and nuisances in the House, and who had been kicked upstairs ; they were generally very rich men, who had inherited or acquired large estates. He would take, with no personal feeling, but beeause the case was a typical one, the instance of Sir Henry Allsopp. That gentleman brewed beer, and had acquired a fortune, but he- had in no sort of way distinguished himself politically. He had fought one or two elections, and had, no doubt, subscribed liberally to the funds of the Carlton Club ; but that was not exactly political distinction. Then the House of Lords was taken almost exclusively from one class—and that the landowners. They had heard much about the Irish Land League, but; could they imagine a more pernicious land league than this. . It was a disgrace and oppobrium to our civilization. He found that the peers Had an average of £30,000 a year and 35,000 acres of land apiece. A more self- seeking body of men could not be imagined, for they were always ready to take some place about the Court or Government, if only a salary were attached to it. One gentleman was willing to look after the Queen's dogs, another after her horses, and a third after the Queen's footmen. (Laughter.) They often beard that to pay members of the House of Commons would degrade tbe House and sap its independence. What did they think of the fact.that these hereditary peers drew on jBfi" average £700 a year each from public funds ? "JThey were not satisfied with that. They had relatives. The relatives of peers had received from 1855 until the present date 120 millions sterling. If that was a mistake, he would take off the 20 millions, and surely 100 millions was a very considerable sum for four or five hundred families to receive. There was a list of these relatives. The dukes bad 514, the marquises 566, the earls 3,029, the viscounts 862, and the barons 2,183 .relatives receiving money during the interval he had mentioned. By a simple : sut6 in" division, he found each duke had had, since 1855, 56 relatives living on the public Exchequer. Speaking next of the partisan character of the assembly, he said :— The mass of that House were, in the strictest sense of the word, partisans. It was not a Conservative -assembly,.; but it was an assembly of Conservative partisans. When the Conservatives were in office it was perfectly useless, because it agreed with everything done by the majority of this House, and practically did not exist. But when the Liberals were in the Liberals were in office, but not in power, a6 was shown by the rejection of the Compensation for Disturbance' Bill of last Parliament, and the arrangement in reference to the Franchise Bill, when the Prime Minister, who had been returned in 1880 as the man in whom the people had confidence, had to go, hat in hand, to the leader of the Conservative party— p (hear, hear, from the Opposition)—and ask him what he might submit to this House. Everybody knew what happened. Amendments were brought forward, but the Treasury bench replied : " It is not in the bargain ; Lord Salisbury will not allow the majority of this House to pass the Bill." Was not that a very humiliating position? ^ijustiSal.;Sheers).-- It" had-been said ^at-the Bouse of Lord B prevented precipitate legislation. Why, the House of Commons waB the longestwinded assembly in the world. (Laughter). They had to go back to Fox's East India Bill in the last century to find a case of a Bill thrown out by the Lords in consequence of the hasty legislation of the Commons. They were told it would be impossible to abolish the House of Lords, but it would be perfectly constitutional. Lord Salisbury had referred to physical force being necessary to do it. (Opposition cheers). But nothing would be more easy than to elect -three hundreA peers to sframp - them—(cheers)—and lie believed there was such patriotism on those benches (pointing, amid loud laughter, to the Radical benches) that he could find 300 gentlemen on this side of the Honse who would ascend the altar of their country and sacrifice them- selves. (Renewed laughter).— Mall Gazette. ; Pali ? GOOD RESOLUTIONS.—At the commencement of every new year hundreds and thousands of our young men—and old as well—form resolutions for their, guidance for the coining year. Many keep them, while others break them. To such we wish to give a word of advice, in order to sustain your determination of leading a better life in the future you should use Hop Bitters. The judicious use of Hop Bittera strengthens, cleanses, and purifies the stomach, bowels, blood, liver, nerves, and kidneys, and is just what yon want to build up and invigorate yourself.-—Qrcenbuzh U.S. A., • Dent. Bead THE TIDY HOUSEWIFE.—The careful, tidy housewife, when giving her honse its spring cleaning, should bear in mind that the dear inmates are more precious than houses, their systems need cleansing, by purifying the blood, regelating the stomach and bowels, and she should know that there is nothing that will do it so »urely as -American -Co's. Hop Bitters, the purest and best of all medicines. BABBY'S TBICOPHEBOUS.—Guaranteed to make the Hair grow on bald heads, to eradicate scurf and dandruff, and to remove all impurities from the scalp. It positively prevents the hair from falling InlflMg uuu out v* or turning viuiuug grey jwdjji prt flowy, 