KAdLttN' LEGACY, -4- (Fromn All the Yeo,'ilrlut.) STORY IN THREE CHAPTERS. CHAPTER I. i..nl to my dear god-daughter, Kath ,;, irien Der'nt, only daughter of :i? R;. Gilbert Derwent, incumbent of " r:h bIes. in the ,cmnty of Cumberland, ,,lt the stum of twenty thousand a i: present invested in English . er Cei Consuls." Sere the words of Miss O'Brien's They were c olllllulllnnicated by letter . tonished lt I tee by Messrs. Long ' Lvtt, if iaekvillo Street, Dublin, ...rc,ecl tieln of solicitors who had '. i:'" uip the will. and to whose keeping i. ,al !hetn committed. tilthleen was s.llclhlg peas under a.big ,:iC-tree in the parsonage garden when rit her Tom, a tall, bony fellow-.of ,e ;"'nry.trought out theblue, official in. letter to her. S~hlaid on a pink cotton gown, over ie she h:d tied the apron of their one ...1, hi ,semaid, ill order to ward off the i ?een tof the pea-pods. She had i ;, aned a white lpocket-handkerchief, jtQ:cn fashion, over her dark-brown \- hair. to keep off the scorching July tie corenter of it kept flapping into Ir'?e with ever} light breeze that blew. °lc'i'wish oon would tie it under my chin," itl to Tom when he got within ear . IMy fingers are all green and r. What's that big letter? Is it ,:-p'ainltment to the Post Office at iidctliberately put the letter into a 1-- rose-bush, a yard or so distant, Sceeded, also deliberately- Tonm S- did anything in a hurry-to tie the ikerchief in a good strong knot under ] ieen s chin. Whyit your mouth is green and sticky, t,? he slid. "Oh-h,look at your teeth! ,1 ive bteen eating the peas !" .Thty shouldn't I? " said Kathleen, lsking up at him with a smile that showed te said pretty teeth to advantage. ."Oh-h, psire choking me!l That'll do. Now, :s is your letter from 1?" TAt picked the letter out of the rose It isn't for me-it's for you. Now, d bu't be in a hurry my dear girl; it is not ibun him-you know who I mean. Ithas SDublin postnark, and as the name of !I:'ans. Long and Lovett, solicitors, on the Sal." Datblin-solicitors:" echoed Kathleen. sWho c's it e, fro m? Open it atonce, Ti:n. or beware of my sticky fingers !" SoTom ,lopened it,and read it aloud,lhis voi ce with diliculty keeping an even tone as he cotmnunicateid the astonishing fact iiiof the twenty thousand pounds legacy. Long before lie reached the coueluding ine' " Awaiting your instructions, we remain, madam, yours obediently, Long ai Lovett," Kathleen had dropped her pa-pods, and. peeping over his shoulder, Il got to the bottom of the page. They made a pretty picture, the brother aul sister,with their heads soclose together under the shlifting shadow of the leafy beech-tree. Tom, thtough big and bony, was not ill-looking. His features were twell-fonned, though somewhat massive his eyes decidedly good. As for. Kath leen Ihe was a typical brnuette, of the red-lipped, clear-skinned type, withlarge, str ili2t orward-lookingeyes, which some t ies'. though not always, recalled her ibrlther Tomts. She was tall, too, like T,11. l?ld, tlotdl not bony, was nore in :'iedl to lie slesider than plump. Tom gavc a long, low whistle as he read itIe last wonl. '" C-l gracious !" cried Kathleen, her e?ys opeining wide and wider; and then ti r stood still looking at each other. h"Let's go in and tell mother and :her''r exclaimed the girl, getting back iTr Ip iers of speech first. " Run, Tom, sui: for once hi your life," and she set 'i usr the house at an altogether express "'Good news will keep," said Tom com rsil. Nevertheless, his stride was a :::ie linger than usual. ' Mrs. Derwent was seated in the par s: ngae parlor with a huge heap of un ai nled and very well worn stockings in ritat of her. She was a small, faded ,rman on the wrong side of fifty, with [ia eyes and a querulous voice. :IHow thoughtless you children are !" ,Le said complainingly as tile two:bounced ia on her. "You forget how nervois I " Mother, twenty thousand pounds I" ted Kathllleen, waving thie lawyers' letter ga·nd her head, and dancing round the "' Kathleen's an heiress," said Tom from bthind, in a tone that made Kathleen turn r nd tand stare at him, for there was a smlething in it she had never heard in T:liis voice before. Then thel father had to be told thegood 1ie cuone creeping in from his' study, 'isetacles on nose, the draft of a letter in iss hand, at the sound of such an unusual hubbub of voices in thle next rom. He Sa tall, white-haired nmn, about ten iears ldcr than hIis wrife. It was easy to htre the 'gosd looks of his -son and i.:llicter backwards to him. Naturally I lIucked their sunshiny stniles and erect imriagc. Also there wasabouthim acer S'a direatmy, dejected air which they as t:arily lacked, but whilch is a thing crucly to be wondered at in a numan who, L deslir of better days coning to hsim, t.rrices late in life on an income of two tulnred pounds per sumum, and endea t?'Urs oi tlhat microscopic sum to clothe td educate respectably a son and a iaui'htcr. '"lhat--whmt is it all about " he S:eed mildly, looking over his spectacles rend the room as though he expected "imewhlere in its corners to find the cause tf thie uisual mcrrilnent. " I could hantly litihi mIsy letter to the Ecclesiasti cal Coinuissioners. You've positively nale tiy head go round with your noise But lwhen the good news had been com iui"icatedi to him, hIis head wenit round riiter than ever. Tihei hle seated himself, toolk off his 'ltes, anld rubbed away at wliat looked lie a ilist itpon thllcm. "l'oor Kathleen--poor Kathlelen i" e 'muttered half to hitinself, with somethiing ,Car akiu to ; sii'h. " It'll ie ' rich Kathleen,' I'm ratherr thiaiking," said T m, he,,itiing to drum ii 'tat050o the tahle w'itlh Iis miothler's scis "Eh--lwhat ?" said his fathlcr,suddenly recallintg himself to his surroundings. " Yes-yes, of course, rich Kathleen nonw, not a doubt," and here hed smiled cheerily up into his daughter's face. "Shall we light up bonfires to-night, and set the bells riing-ch, Katio f' io one iin the room'know-not even his wife--that in his early college days Mr. DorwVent and the deceased Kathleen O'Brici had been sweethearts, and that to this fact might be traced theopertinacity with which on the birth of his daug.lter he hhd insisted that the spinster lady in far away: Dublin should be asked to be her g x;dother. " We'll give tea and cake to the whole village, father," cried ' Kathleen, once more clapping lier hanIds, and 'dancing round the room, "and we'll all of us have new dresses, and coats, .and lhats, and bonnets. And you shall have a curate, father, and not wear yourself out with parish tiork." And you'll be able to join all those clubs you wanted. to,- Torm cricket, tennis, and everything else; and you, mother, shan't strain your eyes any more over mending and daruing old stockings." It was only absolute want of breath that made -ler pause npow,'and giv the others a chance of putting in t word >: . " Yes, a curate would bb a boor5i- very great boon. I'm not getting younger, and my work tells on me more every year," said the father. \- "And I shall be glad to see the last of these old stockings," said the mother, tumbling them helter-skelter into her work-basket. "I was never a good hand at needlenork as a girl. I shouldn't be at all sorry to have time now and then to look at a book or newspaper." But it was Tom's exclamnnation which sent Kathleen all in a hurry oitl of the room to look for pen and ink without an other moment's delay. ' Isay, Kathleen," lie cried, "I wonder whsat Bruce will have to say to it ! I sup pose you'll send him a line some time to day." " Now Brucd 'Aitken was the son of a lawyer at Carlisle, who had, during a recent visit td North Lees, met and fallen in love witil Miss Kathleen. It was an understood thing that the two were to be married so soon as old Mir. Aitken could make up his mind to take Bruce asa partner in tihe finn; a step which he hlad hitherto shown a most marked reluct aunce to titke, alleging that Bruce at five and- twenty years of age lacked the ex perience necessary for so responsible a position. Most assuredly, one way or another, Bruce -Aitken might be expected to have a word to say on the matter of Kathleen's legacy. CHAPTER II. Before, however, Kathleen's letter had time to reach its destination, Bruce him self smade his appearance at the par soage. HIe ,swung back the little wooden gate, and came up the garden path, not only with e easy, happy air of inan who is sure of liis welcome, but with an addedl briskness that seemed to imply that lie had a piece of good news to com municate. Mrs. Derwent watched Ihis approachl from tihe window of lher husband's study, whither she had retired to discuss with him in the quietude the event of tihe day. Their early dinner (caten without the peas) was over. Tom, who for some reason best known to himself had" been remark ably silent throughout the me;d, lihad taken his fishing-rod and gone down to tihe trout-stream : Kathleen, who' had got through an altogether brilliant amount of conversation-possibly to atone for Tom's deficiency in that respect-had also dis appeared somewhere for solitude and re flectio ; and Mrs. Derwent, taking posses sion of a big Japanese fan (not her basket of umsended stockings), seated herself in an easy chair in her husband's study with an air of leisure altogether new tohler. is " The Wilmots will be sorry now they did not ask Kathleen to their last dance," she began in a voice from which nervous querulousness seemed suddenly to have disappeared. Evidently her brains were speculating on the effect the astounding news of the legacy would have upon neighbours and friends when it began to be noised abroad in the parish. Her husband, good man, was pursuing an undercurrent of thought entirely dis tinct from hers. he stood balancing on one finger his lately-written letter to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners - it contained an application for a grant for "much-needed repairs" to the parson. age. "I think, after all, I won't post thi. letter to-day," he said, looking a litth doubtful at his wife; "I mean it's just possible, aftera time, it may not suit us to stay on here." Hepaused a moment, and then added rather more boldly : "I mean I'm not getting younger, the work is hard, and income snall--a few years of rest would prolong my life,-and it would be scarcely wot-th while to. undertake the trouble of putting this plice in order for one's successor." SMrs. Derwent did not allow the remark to interrupt her train of ideas. On they went on much the same lines as before: " I dare say Sir Thomas Longely wouldn't have been in such a hurry to send his son out of the way to London if this money had come amonthl ago," she went on ; only the last timne ihe called - when he begged me to discourage any in tercourse betwreen Kathleen and Sam, lie said-'M?s.Derwent, don't mnisunderstand mo. .Kthlleen is one of tlhe sweetest girls I have ever seen; but it's just tlhis-the hand isso heavily mortgaged through one thing or anothler, that usless Sauu miarries money, hle won't be able to call an acre his own soon.' I really shouldn't be tile least in the world surprised if Sir Thoemas comnes ecreeping ronnd to-morrow directly lie hsears thie niews with somethling quite different to say." She paused a imomenet, thens, letting Iher voice fall somewhat, added reflectively : "It's a pity Kathleen was in such a hurry to enugage herself to MIr. Aitken ; site miight do far better for for herself snow." MIr. Derwent looked up, a little sur prised at this forimal imention of Kathl lecn's lover who had beet plain "' lBruce" from topl to bottom of tile hlouse for the panst six lloltlths. Time, however, wasnota gieton himi to onunment on tlte fact, fsr it was at this precise momenet that Bruce was secn swinging alck the garden-gato and the next fundl hii in thle study shakiing hauds witlh his father and msother-in-law elect. 1l was a nice-hlking fellow enough, smtlier as l mere e,,mspact in build thaei T,'n, with hair hlack as a seven's Winig. His eves were d;us, picrting, restless; his whole ohlysi'ljue, in fact,scemcedl tobetokenm tan iUniselste aoullllot of pent-up ILervous onergy. Ilbs ihand- shlaking was a grip one could fancy what a blow that sanme haud might deal at a pinch,, it seemed all made of muscle. [rs. Derwdnt'egncr lly winced under tlm grip, and said nmthin.: This afternoon she winced and said sone thin . "I do wish, Mr. Aitkin," sihe said, fanning herself with greast energy, " some one hadl takeli the" trouble to teach you how to shako hands; when' you wore a small boy." Bruce was very penitent, and proffered no end of apologies. " The truth of it is I'm nearly offmy head to-day, lie went on to say. "I've such a splendid piece of news to tell you." "Indeed !" this said crossly and stiffly, for somehor Mrs. Derwent felt positive in her own mind what the "splendid piece of news' must be. "I never sawi her so put out hbefore, thought Bruce; "I miustlRhae given her a grip I Never mind, my good news will, bring her round right enough," so lie hastened to tell it out as .quickly ?as possible. " Only think, lirs. Derwent," lie went on elately ; " my father has come to his senses at last. Old" Smnith-that's my father's "partner, you know-1lis: doiiii something more than usually idiotic; in fact, has made a regular bungle" of some law business he had in hand, so my fatler has decided upon buying. him out, and letting me come into the firnn at onco.'.. S"Indeed i" Bruce stared. "Indeed" from 'Kath leen's mother in that tone, and never a word in any tone from Kathleen's father, who had walked away to his book-shelves, taken down a bulky conmmntary, and now stood arranging his manuscripts at his writing-table as though, there and then, he meant to begin a sermon. Well, someone should say something of other, civil or' uncivil, lie resolved. Ho crossed the room and laid his hand on the old clergynman's arm. "Isn't it first-nrate news, Mr. Derwent?" lie cried. "Won't you congratulatemo?" " "Ah, I'm delighted. I congratulate you heartily-heartily," said Mr. I)or went. . It was not said heartily, however certainly. not with the heartiness with which it would have been said had the news ante-dated Kathleen's good fortune. But then Irs. Derwernt had signalled un nistakably by her manner that for that afternoon at any rate: heartiness towards Kathleen's suitor was to be laid on one side, and Mrs. Derwent's signals, by virtue of her weak nerves and querulous temper, were never appealed against in that small household. Bruce looked blank. "I expected- " He began and then broke off, scarcely caring in this depressed atmosphere to say exactly what he had expected-viz., that the wholo family would have been ready to execute a savage war-dance over the improved state of his prospects. "I intended- " o Heagain began, and again broke off; then with a rush brought out the sentence: "Of course, now there need be no further delay about the wedding-day, :need there ?" "Wedding-days are things that should never be taken as a matter of course,'! said Mrs. Derwent, making now such ' a whirlwind with her fan that her cap-strings fluttered in it. . Bruce's face flushed a deep, angry red. " What does'it all mean 1'" What do you wish ine to understand ? What has happened to make you alter so in your manner 'to me, Mrs. Derwient '! lihe asked. in short, abrupt sentences. Mr. Derwent did not like the turn matters had taken. For ono thing lie was unprepared for it all, and hiad not as yet made up his mind to any course of con duct; for another, lie hated storms; and a stormi evidently threatened. He suddenly recollected ' a sick parishioner. " Poor old Giles !' hlie cried ; 'I had quite forgotten I promised to read to him this afterinoo. Good news nmust not be allowed to interfere with duty, must it?" He waved his hand to Bruce, le smiled pleasantly at his wife as le left the room. They might refer his phrase "good news" to whichever event they pleased. Bruce stood in front of Mrs. Derwent, waiting for his answer. She closed her fan and put her hand to her head. " Really I think it is your manner, not mine, Mr. Aitken, which requires ex planation," she said in her usual weak, querulous tone. "I have had a, nervous headache all day; I am really fit for nothing but bed." After all, weak nerves possibly ruled the world-her world, that is-better thant strong ones. Bruce grew cheerful again-brutally cheerful, oie might say, all things con sidered. " Oh, I'm delighted, it's a great relief -I mean of course I'm very, very sorry for your headache;' but you always do suffer so much with it.' Now may I see Kathleen and tell her my good luck? Shall I find her in the garden as usual ?" " You can go and look for her there if you like," said Mrs. Derwent evasively. In her own mind she felt sure Kathleen was upstairs in her own room. If so, so uinch the better. She would take the opportunity while Bruce searched the qarden of having a short conversation Lut anl energetic one-with Kathleon on the preloositerousess of a girl with twenty thhousaud pounmds nmarrying a couitry lawyer, wuhen, if she chose to take time to look about her, shelu muight be Lady Lingley, or Lady Somneonue higlher still. Whl, could tell K?athlleei, lhowever, was riot to be found in her bedroom, for the simple reason that To hl;ul scarcely been gone five minutes out of the lhouse before .she took her hat and followed him. Soietluiig hald " iput lhim out," sheI felt sure. She and Tomi were alwrays such chums, that sihe could iiot bear Velln the slhadow of a cloud to come between them. The trout-stre:un, meanidering through shady mealdows and low-lying laind, was little more than live minultes' walt fronm tile parsonagc. This afternloon, Ilowever, it took Kathleen a good lifteen miniutes to get to it. It wasseorchinigly, cruelly lhot, the sort of day to imake one thiink twice before putting one foot before anuother. Also her headul wa;s so full of thought, that quite unconsciously slhe linigered and loitered as one pleas:ant picture osucceeded another iin her mental visiou. Firstamld foremost aulollg those pleasant pictures was the thought "' What will Bruce say'? IIow will hlie look when I say to lhim, 'Bruce, only think lhow rich we shall be. Twenty thlosasd ipounds ! WihateC'r shall we do withl such a lot of iioney -'" Folhloiwlg this thought llad coiiie an other, only by uone degrco less pleasanut, amld that was tihat Bruce's fUathUer now would not think his son quite such a slimpleton for lischoiceof the poor parson's daughter for a wife, as no doubt he had done at first, for everyone know what a keen man of business old Mr. Aitkin was, and whlatanbitious hopes ho had cherished of Bruce marrying money and investing it in the firm. Then on the heels of tlhese bright fancies caImo a whole triiop of delightful projects for the beneflit and domifort of everyone around and about her. Father should have a curate, of course.; that wentwvith out saying. Mother should have no end ,of now clothes, -and another maid, who 'would take off her hands all the tiresome mending, and everything else in the house that was: a trouble to her. And as for Tom--dear Tor-lie should join all the cricket, and tennis, and rowing- clubs, far or near, that were wort!h joining; nd if it so chanced that this appointment in the Post Oflice did not come to him, why, then he could wait on quietly without any fussing and fuming, and fish, fish, fish in the trout- stream from morning till niight, as though lishing were the onlly thing to be done in life, as shite had so often hleard hinm say on a hot, summer's afternoon lihe wished in reality was the case. Strange to say, hIswever, on this par ticular hot sununer's afternooni, Tom did not show himself iquite so eager for the "gentle sport" as was is wont. Kath leon, as she 'came in sight of the group of stunted willows where lie usually took up his position, could see his rod and basket lying' idly on the bank,:- and himself stretched- at full length upon the reedy grass. "It is so confoundly hot," he muttered by way of excuse, as Kathleen came in sight, tilting his hat lower over his nose, and flicking away the flies with his pocket handkerchief. ; But Kathleen was not to be taken in. Tom, to find it too hot to fish ! Not to bhe thought of for a moment. Besides, there was a sometling in his tone which reminded her of the day lie .haul come hoino and told'lhei that the eleven, of which Ihewas captain, hliul.bee "niowhere at all" in the local ericket-ihatch. " I say, Tom, wait is it ?" she asked, kneeling down beside him on the gnrss under the stunted willows. "What's -what T' said Tom senten tiously, and flicking away at the flies harder than ever. . "What's the matter,'I mean? What has upset you, and made you silent and gloomy on the very day we ought all to be clapping hands and going up like india rubber balls to the ceilin '?" "Ought we? It strikes me there's only one of us ought to be going up like an indiarubber ball." "Only one of us !" This in an utterly surprised altogetlher bewildered tone. "Aye I Only.one.of us, and that ono you I I don't see what anyone else has to rejoice and be glad over." ! Oh, To o m !" And now an unmistakeable noto of painl halved the astonishment in her voice. "As. if the money had not conme to us all ! You, me, mother, father I" - - t"hHas it ? Do you think Bruce will say that ?" " Why, of course lie will " . This very indignautly. Do you think I should ever have cared two straws for hint if lie didn't love you all-father, mother, yon-juistas wellas holosa his own fatli-r,andd imidtlier, and brother ?" S"H--mi-m?!" * And do you think lie would make ally -the slightest objection even if I were to say to him,' Bruce I don't mean to touch one penny of this mnoney ;I ain just going to hand it over to father, i?iother, and Tom i"' " Say it to him and see.'! "I will-I will !" cried Kathhlee grow ing still more excited and inidignant. "And you'll see what he'll say. I know him, I ought to-I've seen ever so much more of him than you have." "Yes you've seen enough of him to know him. "Then why do you doubt what I say? hVlty--why ? \What do you muan, Tou ? Why can't you take it forgranted that tihe money will defor you,aud all of us,as much good as it will mes? If it had been left to you, Tom, I should have taken it for granted." " Would you ? Then, you see, you are a girl--not aman." S" What differenICO can that make?' cried Kathleen, bound to be on the defensive, though her ayes were fnll of tears. "Tom, dear Tom I" she Went on, "do believe me when I say the money will be as much yours as mine ;" thlin," as Tom made no sign or response by.,word or look, -she clasped her hands together, crying, "Oh, I do so wish-I would give worlds, if Miss O'Brien had been yonurgothuothlriimstead of mine, and had left you the money instead of me I" "I wish to Heaven she had," cried Tom, with a sudden energy that made his sister start back a good yard on the grass. And not for fully thuree minutes did she fintd voice enough to ask the .wondering question : " Why, what difference would it-could it have made 1'" "This," answered Toni, jumping to his feet : "I should then havo had the chance of a career in life, whereas now 1 have, none. Do you suppose," Ithe. went on vehemently, " because I 'aiir not per petually wining -over our.-poverty, as motlher does, that therefore I do not feel the miserable nanrrowness and pinch of it all? Do you think it is niotlhing to mie that I am forced to go in for a beggarly appointment in the Post Office, whlem all tie fellows I aise knowrt hero have gone on to college, entered the narmy, or gone in for something else fairly respect able? As I said bofore you are agirland don'tunderstandthelso things. Ifyou stood in my shoes for ten mhiutes, you nmii-hlt see what I mean. With his last wrord he turned oii his leel anid strode away rapidly, fo~rettinig even Iris rod and basket in his excitenient; or it mighlt be, pierlhaps, taking it for granted that his sister would pick tlthem up and carry them lhome for himi, as she hal done more tlanul onlce before in her lifo. Kathllecn looked after him ruefully. Tears for a mlollment blinded lher, antd she could inot arraulge her tlhoughts. It was all so, puzzling, so diftlieult to iunderstand. Toim had come e out ill such ai noen light. Who could hlave believed that, under his slow and somewhat solid exterior, hle lhad cherishled aspirttions antld lonllgiig slc as these : Yet after all, inow that the reve lation had beein miule, it seemied alnost wonderfil to her that she had niotgiessed it all before. Of coursec, as Toim hid said, she ws a 'girl, alld cihll not bhe suplposed to ullderslni;ld a s lai i'S alnibitionS, idllld of late Csleciallv, :lieo knew that all hier own amibitions hal ?o centred intt one little world, if whisch Urn?tco ils thei light auld siu, thal:t slie had.iscarcely Iald tliue Lo give t thoughttoothlerlp:oplo'sspirantions. Well, there was one conffort! Tom luhald not expressed any outrageousiy imlossib:O wish. College seemed to be the desire of his heart, and there really seemned to be no reasons why it should net be gratifiled Slhe had often heard her father say le had got through his college career ' on next to nothing ;' very well then, out of twenty thousaild pounds it' must' be possible to supply Tom with a sufficiency to 'get througli his. She would go back to the house at once and speak to her father about it. So sunshine caune back to her face. She picked uip Tom's rod and basket cheerfully and trudgedsalongamongtlheosiers towards homeno. The stream babbled and purled over its big white stepping - stones, Splash, spl:ash-here and tllerc-went the shiny silverylish. Thoe slndowsbegantolengtlen a little, for the afternoon was wearing it self away. "It's nearly tea-time," thought the girl. "Bruce will be just about lucking up h:i office and tUhinking of getting home. And to-morrow morsinsg he'll have my letter, antd know all about it, and of course he'll coime down immsediately, and-" . But here lher thinking was suddenly cut short by thlieo. shadow of Bruce hinmself falling athwart hler iath. Hlwas coining along with his usual brisk energy, but Ksathlicn's. quick eye detected an ui-: usual but unmistakable cloud upon his brow. " Why, Bruce- you i" she cried. Then there followed --no, not band slhaking, but its equivalent under certain conditions. Why 'not ? There was no one to tell tales, beyond" the bending osiers, the whispering reeds, the wild, flitting birds. Bruce began a whole string of questions: "Wh:at's thle matter with Tom ? Imnset hint just now, and lie told me where I should find you; but beyond that, never a word could I get out of him." ' " Tom and I have had a tiff. We often hlave tiffs, you know," answered Kath leei, bent out on being loyal to Tomt's iti 'firmities. "Is that why you're carrying his rod and basket for hiim? Give them to mo,dear. Really I think you're determined to spoil that brother of yours; the effect of your injudiciousness are beginning to show iun hiit. Well now, Katie, what's up at the house-with your father and mother, I meanc ? Tliere's something there waists explainilng too, I thlink." TlhenKathleen'sface briglltened all over as shie answered: " Ol'tliere's ever so mulch to explain. I wrote to you at once; it doesn't imatter; you'll get iny letter when you go back. Let's sit down here under this willow I've a wonderful letter from a Lawyer in my pocket I want you to read. You are not to speak one word till you've got to the last line ; and 1 aln going to sit here oni this tree-stump right itn front of you and watch your face while you read. I'm sure it'll be something to rememsober for ever and over afterwards." And Bruce's face as lie sat reading tile lawyer's letter was something to resmiem ber forever afterwards, thoughl not ex actly in the way Kaithleen had expected, for instead of. flushing red with a glad, jubilant surprise, it grew white, hard, frowning. His lips set, and with never a word, lie folded the letter and gave it back to thle girl. . "Why, Bgrru'ce, whlat is it?, Are youi ill ?" site cricd jtnuphig nup fronl her tree stump. " I see-I see; I understand it all," lie msuttered half to himself. The whole thing stands explained now." ". Whlat stands explaised "' site 'sked, ready to cry with mortification and disap pointment. " I thought you at least would jumip, and clapynitr hanids, and toss yoiur hat up inl the air, and there you take it every bit as solemnly as as Tonm." "I don't see much to clap my hainds over, Kitathleen,"heanswered gravely. "I rejoice at your good fortune, of course, but-" " My good fortune " she interruited passionately. "Is not mly good ifortune your good fortuue too ? What does it mlle;un? Tell me-tll nme !" and then she hid her face in her alnls, and, sitting by his side ,inong the` osiers, burst into tears. Of course lie did his best to comnfort her. " I can't tell you anytlhing if youi sob like that Katll e I " lie said. " Will you try to listen While'I explain to yoti why I don't jump uip and clap my lhinds I ti delight? Well,' it's just this : before I c.ame out here to you. you r niother'gave me to understand tlhat I was not welcorime to the house; your fither taver nime the cold shoulder; your brother looked as black as thunder at me. Now do you expect toe to clap my hands and toss up lly hat with delight over that 1" Katlileen's astonishmont dried up her tears. "Notwelcolme-=cold shoulder--black as thunder !" sthe repeated blankly. " I mean what I say, and I understand nowexactly why it is. The lawyer's soon might be a very good match for the par son's danughter, but a young lady with twenty thousand pounds has a right to look a little higher." " Oh, impossibleossible-impossible " cried tlhe Wondering Kathleen. "It's all a mis take-it must be a smistake ! Why, only yesterday, mother said to me, ' Kathleen, I think you are a very lucky girl. There never lived a better fellow than Bruce Aitken.'" i"Al, that was yesterdlay, you see. Somethling has happened since tllenl. "lWhat has halspened ? Nothing that ought to make any difrfereunee. Oh, that wretched, wretched legacy! lI wish it had never come to make us 'all so miser2 able I'" S"Aind so do I," said Bruce, with great enegy. "Katie, do you know I canme over with good news this aftenoon ? 3Iy fathier ' ]liis at last8conscnted- to take me minto thld: finn; and, of course, uider ordinary cir cumsstances, there would be nothing to proveint obur getting married at once--nelxt woek-to-morrow, if it ciuld be smanaged. But now-" He broke off abruptly. Bruce iras not a iman to break doswn with emotion, buthe Fwas evidently keeping his calnmess withl difliculty. Katldeen's face went from red to white -fronl whlite to red. "Oh, Bruce--ohl, Bruce !" was all she could find breath for at first. Tlhn some thling akin to indignation took possession ,f her. "LWe to be sitting here gr-oanilg, whln we ought to be dancing anld singing I Why,it'sUnllleasd of ! No one wouldbelieve it !" she cried. Bruce inade no replly. He ti;ws thlinkiug deeply over sonmethiig tshat would inot bear ;s divided attenstiol. Presently le woke up to ask the ques " K?athlcets, how old ire you 1" Exactly nineteeln and two monthls," answired Katildeenpronlptly. "Youdon't mean to say you've fornostten already thu beautiful cake I made on the 20tlt of MIay last I" " No, dear, I harl not forgotten, but I was in hopes I had made a mistake in a year, and you were turned twenty !" He gave a heavy pigsh. " You see you are so: young to be allowed to have your own ideas on this matter, people would think I had taken advantage of your inexpe rience. Kiathleen grow suddenly` white. She kneeled down beside hin as lie sat, look ing up in his face. " You don't mean to say you are think ing of giving me up,Bruce I" sllo asked in a low voice. "No," said Bruce, with decision, "but it's only right you should have the choice of giving me up if you liked. People would think that at nineteen such a choice should not be allowed you- that, in fact, your father and mother should make it for you." " Bruce, if father and mother and all the world were to say I must give you up,'I wouldn't do it'!" This said in the same low tone as before, but there could be no mistaking the decision put into it., And somehow her hand crept into his. as slhe said the words, and someliow:their eyes met, and then-well, the whispering reeds, thebeonding osiers, the wild, flitting birds night have had anotheri idyllic story to tell had voices and words been lent tlhem for a brief five minutes. DMr. Derwent stood leaning over his garden- ato looking down the shady lane which led straight to the trout-stream. The shadows had lengthened very much now; the red roof of the square old par sonage was glorified by a passing gleam from the sinking sun; birds were getting up their good-night notes, a whole or chestra of buzzing insects were tuning up for their twilight madrigals. He had read old Giles to sleep, and another old parishioner after Giles. He had enjoyed a second tuts-a-tgte with his wife, which o'hld brought to an abrupt ending by declaring that her poor head was racking her again, she must go to bed at once, but " of course you'll make young Aitken clearly understand, my clear, the footing things will be on in the future." M1r. Derwent was not quite in his usual placid, quiescent frame of mind. Left to hiliself he would have preferred that things should take their course, and arrange themselves. His wife, however, had informed himi with unmistakable decision that certain responsibilites rested on his shoulders now, which hle ui.st not try to shift upon anyone else's. So lihe stood..there bracing his mtiscles to the task, timing the tuncolseiuts lovers with his big chronotmeter, and trying to per suade hinmself, as his wife had reutinded hlim again and again during their half hour's talk, that ihe was only going to perform what his duat as a father de manded of him ; that Kathleen was but a child, and must not b ballowed to have an opinioil on the matter; t;hat Bruce was a most reasonable follolr, andl woul be sure at once to see things il a righit light. " I have been twaiting here to have a few words with you, Bruce," he said as the two c»ne slowly along tile path to the gate, looking, as even his short-sighted eyes noted, very unlike their usual buoyant, light-hearted young selves. W" We can talk out here just as well as in doors. Kathleen, m,"i dear, Tom is wait ing for his tea ; you had better go in at once." But Bruce was not at all disposed to have matters settled in this offhland fashion. In his ownt mind, and talking it over with Kathleen, he had arraiged his course of procedure in the future, as they had come up the shady lane, swinging Tom's rod and fishing-basket between them. Mlr. Derwent should stand there and listen to his terms, not lihe to dMr. Derwent's. Ho laid his hand on Kathleen's ann. "There . is no reason why Katlhleen should not hear every word, Mr. Derwent; we know exactly what 'you are going to say," ie said, looking very white, it is true, but with no sign of wavering in his voice. " We know you are going to talk about-Kathleeti's legacy, and say how ridiculous it would be for her to marry a matt in my statiot in life. Very well. I am not going to force myself upon her, I'll tell you that ; but I also tell you I'm not going to give her up because a few thousand pounds have fallen to her; I wouldn't have given her up for poverty, and I won't give her up for riches. But this I will do-let her have her own choice on the matter without attempting to in fluence. lher in any shape or form. And because she is too'young now to be allowed to make such a choice, I will wait for it till her twenty-irst birthday--about a year and tell ilontlhs from now. Oni' that day, whatever her decision may be, I shall take it as final--a 'yes' or a 'tno' for ever." Bruce's words had come one after the other clearly, but thurriedly. - He drew a long breath as lid finished speaking. Then tinder her father's eye lhe took her in his arms and kissed her. "Good-bye, Kathleen ; without fail you'll see me on your twenty-first birth day," he said in not quite such a steady voice as before. And K.athleen's " good. bye" seeined to come in oddly lmufled tones, while a mist before ,ler eyes iadulo her thlink the twilight hadl come upon thel all of a sudden. , "Oh yes, I'll shako hands, Mr. Deor. went,'~! Bruce said, :ts the old cleCrg3'yman sonmewhlat doubtfully held out his hand; "I can see things, in a fashion, fromn your poilt of viewu, but you musit forgive nie if I can see them better froim my own." T Then, as tlough ,afrid to trust lhimself with another look at IKathleen, hlie tunied sharply roundtl, aind walked hurriedly away. · 3:r. Dernclt and Kathllecu went back to the house by dilrerent paths. tMr. Derwent gotin firstretreated to hiis stud'y, and locked himsulf in, liorribly afraid lest Katithlen should follow htun, and mnake a scene. Kathlelon lingcred ai fewV minutes i thile faiiliig light, tryiig to get back Ithr calmncss bufore slte faced Toutm auld tile tea- tray. Tlhere under the big bechd tree was her b;sket of peacs, oiff whlich an audacious jackdaw was making an easy and pleasant supper. Could it only Ihave becu this mlornilg, the girl asked lhecrscelf, that sithe sat there with nimible fingers tilald a merry heart, telling hersmelf such lpleasant tales of what the years had in store for her ? Why, sithe seemed to have lived silnce thoe a decade at least. Well, the fates hand with the first post tIhat mionling just turned hler life up side down for her--that 'as all : Iad given lher twelty tlous.osd pounds with one lhanld, anld lhad robbed her of hier lover with the other. CHAPTER III. SDIrs. Derwent sleptoff hernervous hoad. 30 ache, and catol down to b,., . l Ohe lmorning in the smarrasut cap anoti .;owi her wardrobe lhad at conmm.alndl. "Why, ily dlear, you look quite twenty yearsyounger,"said lheradinirin- husb:,itd, as he took his place behind the eggs aicd bacon. Mrs. Derwent smiled pleasantly at him across the tucked-up sleeves of the little servant who was bringing inl the teapot. "You need not lring mny workl:-:sket after breakfast," shle said, addresaiong the Phyllis a little Iolmlpously. " Those stockings are really past melling, and may as well be given to the ttalshousoe people.". Tom came in, bringing the letters which the. posLtmau lul ajusit handel to hhim over the gmlen gate. If e was s..wl ing tremendously-Totn couil loud black if lie chose-at tile uppeIiIuost oine, ad dressed to htilt in olicial writing, anld announcing itself in printed lette.s to be "on Her Majesty's service.' Not a doubt it must be the long- talked-of nomi nation to anr inferior billet in the General Post Office. Kathleen, occupied in cutting .brown' bread on atrenclher,seemedtofeelhiishilack looks, for she did not so imuch as lift her . eyes as she said : "Why trouble about it now,Toim! Put in the wasto-paper basket. Father, why, can't Tom go to college like other young men,instead of beginning to work t some thing le detests ?" ,Kathleen Ihad had sleepless night, and the thoughts that had kept her awake had not been pleasant ones. A year and ten months seems an altogether interninable . period to a girl of nineteen under any cir cumstances,but when the said year and teu months is to comprehend in its lagging" weeks an utter suspension of pleasant il tercourse with onel who has grown to be part of the girl's verT life, it of necessity doubles and trebles itself. Kathleen how ever did not see in lier own heavy heart any excuse for an endeavour to mnako other people's heart heavy. Without being one step on the road towards canonisation as a saint, she was yet one of those 'gay, good girls' whose whole delight it is to make people aind things aroundl them sunshiny, not expecting so imuch as a thank you'. in acknowledgement. Mr. Derwent looked up froms his iplata, surprised, but not displeasced; lMrs. Derwent looked up fronm her?, neither' surprised nor displeased. Tout, it tmayv be remarked in passing, was her favourite child. "It is exactly what I expected you would say, Kathleen," she said inl it tone that suggested a combination of lollney anld treaclo. All Tom's frowns vanished in an instant, like ghosts at the dawn. " Cone out in the orchardnl after break fast, Kathleen.." he cried cheerily. 1'11 swing you till the iornling in the old apple tree i" Now if there was one thing in life that Kathleen enjoyed more than 'sweeties' Turkish delight, bull's - eyes, toffee, and such like- it was a swing on a smtumer's day. As a rule shle jumped at the offer of Tomt's services-lhe did not volunteer them very often, it must be adlmitted-to-day, however, she shook her head. " I've so much to do in the house," she began apologetically. "My dear," interrupted her mother, "you must be relieved of soime of your home-duties now. Your education has not beeti altogether what your father and I should have liked. You must set -to work at accomplishments of some sortat Olce." Kathleen dropped herbread-knife in her aiuazeienllt. " What !" she cried, round-eyed ; "do you mean I am to go to school-at my ago -nearly twrenty ?" " Hero's a letter for you, Kathleen," said Tom, anxious to eitet a diversion, for Kathleen and her mother were apt to-- well, say 'differ' on nlot a few sub jects. But he could not refrain from giving it a somewhat vicious look as site tossed it across the table to her, for the adhesive seal, with the names of Messrs. Long and Lovett upon it, stirred again the satoulder ing embers of his discontent of yesterday. Kathleen put ler letter beside her plate unopened, and sat down in silence to her breakfast. She, too, could not refrain from giving the harmless enellope a pass ing vicious look, though the " viciousness" of her look assuredly sprang from a dif forent source front Tout's. There it lay; the ugly blue paper thing, with the round, business-like writing, and aggressive. looking seal. How unlike the missives which, as a rule, were to be found lying beside her breakfast-plate, addressed to herinBruce'ssnlldl, sharp-pointed writing ! Alh, when would she again have one of his dear, darling old letters to msake her eat her breakfast in one mouthful, so that she might run out into the garden and read it in pe.ce, with none but the thrushes and blackbirds to take note of her smiles unid her blushes ? She could not eat her bread-and-butter, but kept drinking the hot coffee with gulps, as though with it she would swallow down her sorrows. Tom looked at the unopened letter. "How can you keep your fingers off it ? Here's a girl devoid of inquisitiveness for. once in a way !" he cried sarcastically. The mnotller looked at the letter. "Business letters slouldalwvays receive immediate atteuntion," slhe said sentce tiously. And the father looked at tihe letter. " The post goes out at elevent, lKatlh leon better uopen it at onlce, it tmay waint an answer,' lie suggested mildly. So Katlieen broke the seal, and for one moment let liher oyes wander carolessly, indifferently, down the cloasly-written ntly for, ono mIllOlelt, however; the next, with a cry that ill itself wias as goodl as a peal of wedditnlg-blls, shle had letit fall to tlhe ground, h1ul overthlrown hler chair, tid shaket all thllie eggs on the t;able out of their cups'in her e-ger hIasto to get out of the roolm. Tolt, fiathler, otller, all rose tutnultu-' ously to their feot. " What is it-iwlt is it 1 tre yoniu mad, IRthleen ?" cried Mirs. Drirent ill hlier astonislihient, altogether forgetting her. weak nierves. "i Iad ! oh no1" cedriKatleon, half up the stairs ou lier way to hier roomu; " only Ihappy ! l'm not ati heiress, after all, and I'ml goiig to write and tell Bruce this very minute. -" . 'i .: Tol,. fiather anld iiuthlor, till looked blakly in each othr's faces.. : : . TSiuu was.tlhe first' to get his sedlltses to gethler. lie picke upi the Ilawyer's letter frio the hloor, and thlii reiL a-loud ili the ' bland, legal laiguag;s' which seoiied to insitnuat apologies for theo, disigrctabloe truth it lhad to couvey, liw thut the exo cutora nomlninated by the lateIoMIiss O'Briei ((iistb a is ,?e/, , .) In her sili. had declined to take upon themselves the responsibility of adminias tering to the dec?clsed lady's estate, for the si.mple reason that no estate remained to administer to. At the period when the will had been drawn up, Kathleen's legacy, no doubt, with other moneys, was invested in Three per Cent. Consouls. Since then Miss O'Brien had not received one penny from her landed property in Ireland, and had consequently heen cnms pelled, in onrder to keepl i, her house and staffof servants, little by. little to draw upon her capital, till of the large sum at one time invested only a few hundreds re mained-an amount, indeed, harely sutli cient to cover the expenses of her costly fmneral, and discharge outstanding debts in the neighborlhood. The lawyers con eluded their letter with polite expres sions of grgret for the untowandness of the circumlstances. Tom dropped the letter with a groan as lhe finislhed reading it. "Those fellows ought to have thought twice before they wrote in such a hurry to offer their pro fessional services," he growled, and then went down eon his knees, rummaging, in the waste-paper basket for the letter con taiining his nomination to the Post Oflico billet, which he so carelessly jerked into it. Mrs. Derwent liurst into a flood of hys terical tears. "It was wicked ! wicked : They ought to be prosecuted," she sobbed. Then she put her hand to her forehead, adding plaintively, "I'll go up to bed, I think; I can't keep my head up." But there was real tragedy in her toine when, as she left the room anmd met the Phyllis coming in, she turned and said to her : " Don't give away those stockings I spoke to you about this morning. They'll stand a little more mending and wear ing." And Mr. Derwent went slowly into his study, to re-write his letter to the Eccle siastical Commissioners asking for a grant for the much-needed repairs. " It'sabitter di.sappointmentof course," lie said to himself with a sigh, as hue got out his pens and paper; " but still it is nice toseethe old bright look inKathleen's face." As for Kathleen herself, it was only her tears of joy falling thick and fast and half blinding her, which made her take more than sixty seconds over her brief letter to her lover. "DE.A, DEAR BnuvCE,--lsn't it delight ful? I'm not an heiress, after all. Come over at once-this very minute.-Your own KILTnTLEE.N." This was all she wr'ote. But it was evi dently enough, for it brought Bruce to the parsonage the very next day; anid, before lie went back to Carlisle, the day was fixed for their wedding. "I wish I could fancy it was nothing more than a bad dream," said the girl as she said goodi-bye to her lover over the gardenl gate; "but sonmeelow,I can't. W?1iel I think over it all, I feel exactly as I did when I ate that Seville orsnuge, and had a bitter taste in my mouth for days after wards." Poor child! This was her first taste of the fruit of thle tree of knowledge of good and evil, of which most of us have to eat a little more than we relish tlhroughlife. 