SATURDAY, MARCH 27, 1886. The deputation appointed by the meeting at the Town Hall on Wednesday to repre- <*> sent the views of the meeting to the Government waited upon the Attorney- General yesterday morning, and the re sult of the interview seems to have been fairly satisfactory. The deputation labored under the disadvantage of having to formally ask for one thing, while actually they wanted not that but some thing else. As we remarked on Thurs day, what the Town Hall meeting really meant was for the Government to give work to the unemployed, and if that were done there would be no need to call Parliament together. The whole tenor of the meeting made it apparent that this -was what was desired, and the proceedings yesterday showed tliat the deputation so understood it. Dr. Camp bell in introducing the deputation did not even mention the summoning of Parlia ment, but said "there were several points in the resolution passed, but this was the principal one—What steps were to be taken to meet the exigencies of the labor market now and in the future V And although members of the depu tation speaking subsequently expressed the desire that Parliament should be called together to deal with the labor difficulty, yet the Attorney-General's in terpretation of the request was assented to when he said, " the condition on which you ask the Government to call Parlia ment together is the condition of the Government being unable to remedy im mediately the present calamitous state of things." We have spoken of the fact that the deputation had formally to a?k for the summoning of Parliament, but really for employment for those at present out of work, as a disadvantage, because they were thus placed in a false position at the very outset, and the Attorney-General was able to say virtually, " Gentlemen, you don't know exactly what you ask for, but I will give you what is good for you." The form of the resolution, it may be said, is a very tritiiug affair. But it is not really so. The moral effect of taking a stand upon some definite demand that may be fairly and effectively insisted ou is very great, and consequently such a detail as the form of a resolution is not an insignificant matter The mind of Wednes day's meeting would undoubtedly have been best expressed by a resolution re questing the Government to provide work for the unemployed, or, iv the eveut of beiog unable so to do, to call Parliament together immediately. The Attorney-General was not slow to avail biniself of the opportunity afforded him of showing cause against the imme diate summoning of Parliament, and it was by no means a difficult task that he set himself to do this". There was another particular in which he scored a point, viz.—in checking the declamatory flights of members of the deputation who seem to have allowed themselves to drift into a style and to deal with questions not pertinent to the occasion. These, however, are minor matters, though all such things have their influence. In addition to disposing of the proposal to call Parliament together, the Attorney- General stated how the Govern ment proposed to deal with the difficulty tliat is so heavily pressing upon the laboring classes. The plan is to proceed at once with the work of re claiming some 7,700 acres of land on the River Murray. " Already," he said, " 2,300 acres liave been reclaimed, and the results have paid the cost of reclama tion, and it is a good speculation." The Attorney-General thinks that the under taking of this work will solve the present difficulty as far as it concerns unskilled labor, and that " within a week as many men as really and truly want work will be able to obtain it." Of course skilled labor is, as he said, another matter, and he might have added a more difficult matter to deal with. However, he probably remembered the maxim, "sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof," and as the artisans' demonstra tion is not till next Monday he avoided anticipating trouble. It must be observed, however, that it was gratuitous on the part of the Attorney-General to assume that the deputation liad nothing to do with artisans and skilled labor. They did not say so, and the resolution did not say so ; but apparently the Attorney-General found it convenient to make the assump tion—and no one corrected him. Dr. Campbell remarked that "they would have been glad to have heard tie policy of the Government with regard to future public works." They could, however, hardly have expected to have heard that, though they might reasonably enough liave enquired what prospect there was of additional employment being available to the artisan class. One confession the Attorney-General perhaps somewhat un wittingly made, viz., that the Government is not prepared with any comprehensive scheme of public works to be submitted to Parliament. He has looked alike to friend and foe for suggestions for such a scheme, and comes to the conclusion " We liave no big comprehensive schemes that can be propounded, and the next best thing to do is to discover the means that will settle our immediate (rouble." There is one point in the Attorney- General's reply which will certainly meet with the disapproval of the classes chiefly represented at the Town Hall meeting, and that is the rate of wages it is proposed to give. And although we do not for a moment wish to foment discontent or encourage by a word any extravagant de mand on the part of the unemployed, we are bound to admit that such disapproval is not unreasonable. The sum of 4s. Cd. is really too small a sum to give for a fair day's work under all the circumstances of the case even now, and the total amount of the difference in the wages to be paid to a few hundred men jit the rate of 4s. Gd. or ss. a day is so small that it is not worth while to spread dissatisfaction and discouragement for the sake of it. The Attorney-General spoke with great force and effect against placing our colony in a position that would seem to justify the exaggerated reports of our difficulties that are current, he said, in the other colonies. To call Parliament together immediately to deal with those difficulties, he very properly argued, would be to encourage the idea that we had reached a very desperate condition indeed, and were if not entirely bankrups at least on the verge of bankruptcy. Might he not apply his own argument to the question of the rate of wages? Is South Australia so nearly bankrupt that those engaged in profitable labor for the State must be screwed down to the last sixpence ? If as. a day is paid it will not, mean undue competition with private em plovers of labor. And if the reclama tion of the land on which this labor is to be employed is, aa the Attorney- General said, a '"good speculation," it is difficult to see what justification there can be for a really starvation rate of wages. These men and their families have to live, and 30s. a week is little enough in all conscience. If less is paid, it does not follow that the difference will be saved : for if the men cannot support their wives and little children they have to be supported nevertheless, and in many cases the Government will simply liave to pay the money in another way. It was said to be one of the notable characteristics of the late Lord Beacons field that he had a very keen eye for the earlier signs of merit and capacity in the younger men of his party. In tie com position of cabinets he was not afraid of putting untried, men in the foremost positions, because he could trust his own keen judgment. There was an originality both in his way of educating his party and in his way of choosing and training his lieutenants^ Conservatism in his hands became a new power when it ceased to be merely the country party, and opened a field to the ambition of the young aspiring spirits who had hitherto been ekut out from the highest offices. The Liberal party has always been more fettered by its own traditions, and by established precedents limiting the circle from which cabinets were to be formed. Rarely, indeed, has any man found his place within the privileged enclosure who had not previously in some subor dinate office vindicated his claim to pro motion. But at last we have in the pre sent Cabinet a deviation from tradition. Mr. John Morley, so well kuotrn in the various walks of literature, but hitherto by name unknown in the field of politics, has suddenly sprung to the front. He is not merely Under-fciecretary of one of the chief departments ; he is Secretary for Ireland, with a seat in the Cabinet. Aud at this crfcis the office he holds is one of greater importance and responsibility tiiau almost any otter; for Ireland is at present England's difficulty, and it de mands no little courage and capacity to adventure in the solution of a problem from which so many liave retired dis comfited. Hitherto Mr. Morley has been knowu only as a m ?n of letters, and there is a 'notion widely prevailing among the old stagers of political life that literature is a bad. training for practical politics. The nun of letters has usually looked on the political arena from the outside, perhaps as mere spectator, perhaps as critic; but in either character he labors under the disadvantage of want of practical ex perience. He sees the movements of parties chiefly in their result, but is hardly able to appreciate the difficulties that arise in the path of statesmen, the necessity of piajing one man or State against another, one policy against another; and yet party veterans know that very much, of the ultimate success depends on skill in the manipulations of such things. If a man, too, has been not merely author but journalist, it is imagined that he must have contracted habits of mind disqualifying; him from the conduct of affairs. Writing in his " den" he is like the preacher in His pulpit, who can say what he likes witrh.no one to hinder him. He is apt to suspect that he has surveyed the whole circum ference of every subject with which ha hasjdealt; for the " omniscience of the journals" has passed into a proverb. It is very likely therefore that even Mr. Morley's political friends are at this tarns watching his course with anxiety not on mingled with misgiving. It is not every man of first-rate powers whocanbeexpected to subdue his individuality sufficiently to take bis own part and no more in die administration of a Government. But whatever force there may be in these considerations, there is a good deal in Mr. Morley's case to be said on the other Bide. He has at all events been in a position in which lie has had to devote a great deal of his attention to political proceedings, to make up bis mind as to the character of men playing a, leading part on the world's stage, to dunk clearly and to define with precision the character of events in their progress; and he has cultivated to a very high degree of perfection the art of luminous and effec tive writing. He has been editor of two newspapers, the Morning Star and the Pali Mall Gazette ; and as editor of the Fortnightly Review his monthly summary of " Home and Foreign Affair^ " exhibited an education in statesmanship which was really of the highest order. He has there fore been not merely a literary man; he lias been a political writer, and a thinker able to collate the present with the past. Even in literature he has shown a marked preference for those subjects in which the political supersedes the literary interest. The great French Revolution has been studied by him not only in its more obvious but its remoter or more subtle causes; and to the historian of Rousseau and of Diderot, and the French encyclopaedists, it might well seem impossible to separate the literature of a period in its character and tendency from the changes with which it had so much to do. He would probably be in clined to say that it is the writers who havejso wrought on the mind of the nation as to make it possible for practical politicians to carry out any lasting reform. The spirit of Mr. Morley's writings is always noble and generous. His political sympathies have at their base a passion for what is morally right. He would seek to make the life of the English nation purer, more full of admirable and beautiful things. To him might be ap plied what he has himself said of Burke— "The influence of literature on him lay partly in the direction of emancipation from the mechanical formulae of practical politics; partly in the association which it engendered in a powerful understand ing like his between politics and the moral forces of the world, and between political maxima and the old and great sentences of morals; partly in drawing, him, even when resting his case on prudence and expediency, to appeal to the widest and highest sympathies;' partly, and more than all, in opening his thoughts to the many conditions, possi bilities, and ' varieties of untried being' in human character and situation, and so giving an incomparable flexibility to his methods of political approach." Mr. Morley is the advocate of liberty in its largest sense, but he quotes with high approval?urke's definition: "Theliberty I mean is social freedom. It is that state of things in which liberty is secured by equality of restraint. This kind of liberty is, indeed, but another name for justice. Whenever a separation is made between liberty and justice neither is, in my opinion, safe." This Sir. Morley remarks upon as "the -weightiest and most important of all political truths, and worth half the fine things that poets have sung about free dom." It is a man with such clear, defi nite notions about the claims of a just and balanced liberty, in which nothing shall be yielded to fear but everything to the demands of an undeniable equity, who has taken in hand the difficult ques tion of Irish disorder. He is no hand-to mouth politician content to drag the Cabinet safely through a session of Par liament, but one whose study of history has led him to suspect that wherever there exists deep discontent there may exist, aw fond, an outraged justice. His anxiety is not so much to discover the measures that may allay agita tion for the moment as to investigate the causes of the discontent and, by removing them, to bring back the loyalty of the Irish people. Although bis name is associated with a Home Rule policy, yet he sees very clearly that the thing which has given strength to the demand for an Irish Parliament has been he failure of the Imperial Parliament to grasp the real cause of Irish discontent and to provide an effectual remedy. In his Newcastle speech he described with great power and eloquence the folly of attempting to govern Ireland by mere measures of coercion. He points out that it is impossible now to ignore these three things —first, that the will of Ireland has been unmistakably expressed in the election returns; secondly, that tba Roman Catholic bishops and dignitarifl* who had previously held aloof have now gone over to the national side; and thirdly, that we have now to deal nob only with the Irish people in Ireland, but with their kinsfolk all over the world. His speech is notonlythatof amanof principle, desirous of finding out what is the way of justice, but of a practical politician who reasonably inninfainn that it is impossible to ignore changes such as those whichhave supervened within the last ten, twenty, or thirty years. As a politician Air. Morley Las, through the part of a man's lite most fruitful of thought, preserved the silence which Carlyle called " goldenj" the silence ?which is not that of apathy or indifference, but of earnest thought enriched by study. And now that he has broken into speech, it is with a felicity of diction and a per suasiveness of style which will soon place him in the first rank of Parliamen tary orators. He has the courage of strong conviction, and will command that kind of influence which is won by absolute sincerity and incapacity of being untrue to himself. The incoming mail steamer Sutlej pissed Cape Borda at 'JAO o'clock this morning, It is Etsted and, we believe, on good autho rity tlat the reduction which the Ministry intend to effect in tbtir own salaries from £1,-000 to £800 a year is to be the forerunner of a proportionate catting' down throughout the Civil Service in respect of all salaries over £150 or £2CO. Of course this will necessitate the in troduction next session of a Bill to amend the Constitution Act under which the sums paid to officers on the Civil list are fixed. The Hon. Graham Berry (Agent-General for Victoria) will arrive at Glenelg this morning by the P. &O.; steamer Rome. The Chief Secretary will entertain Mr. Berry at luncheon at Parliament House in the after noon. Sir Arthur Blyth (Agent-General) has bean appointed the delegate to represent the colony at the convention to be held at Paris during next May to consider the question of protecting the submarine telegraph cables. There is but little to record in connection with the failure of the Commercial Bank, the directors and committee being engaged in the transaction of ordinary business. The com mittee appointed by the shareholders met on Friday and diEcussed the proposal submitted by the directors of the Bank of Ade laide. Afterwards Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., and Mr. C. Bischbieth visited the Bank of Adelaide, bat we understand that nothing tangible resulted from the interview. The directors and committee are, however, sanguine that some definite arrangement will yet be made which will enable the bank to resume business. We are pleased to be able to record an improvement in the health of the Hon. M. Salom, who stall remains at Port Victor. On Friday he wrote to a gentleman in the city, stating that he felt much better, although stfll a little weak, and that he h oped to be able to return to the city next week. In replying to the deputation which waited upon him on Friday morning, the Attorney- General said that the Government had received a report from Mr. Colcheth rela tive to the Barossa water scheme. Mr. Culchetb, we are informed, suggests a modification of the original scheme, and that the water should be conveyed to the Hope Valley reservoir. That in his opinion would be the most economical plan, and he estimates that the cost of the work would not exceed £550,000. It will be remembered that the estimated cost of the scheme proposed by the Government last session was £750,000. The report that Bishop Ernest Wilberforce, of Kewcastle-on-Tyne, is to be transferred to the vacant see of Melbourne, has strong pro babilities against it, and perhaps may be traced to a mistake which could easily be made. It 'is known that the Bishop of Newcastle in New South Wales, Dr. J. B. Pearson, is a close personal triend of Bishop Moornonse, and months ago there were rumora that the diocese of Melbourne would be supplied with a bishop from the neighboring colony. Weight was given to the rumor from the fact that the Newcastle diocese is at present involved in cetious financial difficulties, and that Bishop Pearson has taken a leading place fur ability and earnestness among the colonial prelates. But it seems unlikely that even the colonial Kewcaetle is to provide Bishop Moorhouse's successor, and the report which has now gained currency is probably only the revival of the one which was spread when it first became known that Dr. Moorhouse had accepted the see of Manchester. Naturally great interest is being felt by all classes of Australians in the appointment to so important a public position as the bishopric of Melbourne. Mr. W. Cate, inspector of drawbacks, wOi leave for Mount Gambier on Tuesday to meet a Victorian officer for a conference on Thursday as to the border tariff question. Rather severe earthquake shocks were felt in the counties of Victoria and Kimberley on Friday night. Our Yarcowie correspondent telegraphs that after a day of very trying weather two distinct shocks were experienced in the township within an hour of each other ; and the telegraphic station master at George- town advised his head office that the earth- quake there shook all the houses, "causing windows to rattle and the lamps on the tables to shake." The earthquake appeared to travel north and south. The Government geologist returned to Ade- laide on Monday evening after an absence of about a fortnight, during which time he has been inspecting the country near Franklin Harbor in the hundreds of Mangala, Miltalie, Minbrie, Playford, Hawker, Mann, Yadnarie, and Boothby, where silver lead is re- ported to have been discovered. He also tra- velled from Franklin Harbor to Port Lincoln, and saw the work which is being carried out by the prospecting party of three in the hun- dred of Koppio. These men, it is stated, have found the color of gold, but owing to the country being very dry their operations have j been greatly retarded. Cowell, Franklin I Harbor, boasts a rather pretentious hotel, and settlement is gradually taking place on the ranges, where there is some pretty good land. The geologist will send in a report to the Com znbsioner of Crown T^nda^ wno jg expected to return from his visit to the rabbit camps on the west Coast on April 2. In replying to the deputation on Friday morning the Attorney-General intimated that tile Government were now making arrange ments to provide work for the unemployed in reclaiming land on the banks of toe .Murray. This land consuta of the famous Murray Flats, which are of exceptional TMin??_ bat are subject to being submerged by the flood waters of the river. It is now proposed to construct earth embankments along the course cf the stream, and in this way to T""^e the flats habitable and fit for cultivation. At first it was decided to lease the flats in their present state, but the difficulty that presented itself was that only one lessee on a particular flat might desire to reclaim, and in that case he would have to build embankments id froct and on each side of his holding. The Government have now decided to make the whole of tie embankments along the frontage, and then to lease the land in blocks of say from 20 to 50 acres. The embankment will be about G feet high and from 6 to 8 feet wide at the top, Eloping out on bath sides. There is no doubt that the work will be reproductive, and the conservator of water is confident that a sub stantial increase in the rates obtained for the leases will be the result. The flats to be dealt with are principally situated between the JVLnrray Bridge and WarmTun^ one being inr mediately north of the former place, and as soon as the works are completed they will be offered for leasing. As the Attorney-General mentioned, some 7 : 700 acres will be reclaimed The 2,500 acres which lie referred to as having already been so treated belong to Sir William Jervoip, Sir John Morphett, and Mr. A. McFarlane, and are situated in the neighborhood of Wellington. In some instances after the pmlumVnipTitr \g made the difficulty will be to get rid of the water lying en the land, which in parts is below the level of v the river. Sir William Jervois overcame tLis trouble by primping-, and he then had floodgates fixed so that he can irrigate the sail at will. This plan will be available on mo3t of the flats now to be reclaimed, and will of course enhance the value of the holdings con siderably. On Friday monnng Mr. Ir. li. Farner, one of the members for Wallaroo, had an inter view with the Commissio&er; of Public Works (Hon. J. B. Spence) with reference to the threatened lorke'e Peninsula water famine. Mr. Spexce said the Government fully ?cognised the pressing importance of the threatened lack of water, and intended to Should their worst fears be realised, and the Wallaroo supply run out, water would be sent by train from Gawler. The Commisssoner has al6o dtcidcd to reduce the price of the water supplied from the government tanks on the peninsula from Bs.^to fa. per 400 gallons. This reduction has long been asked for by the people on tie peninsula, and no doubt will be fully appreciated by them in the present hard tunes. Mr. Commissioner Peterswald informs us that the mystery respecting the attempt of some people to get rid of a large number of banknotes at Perth, Western Amfali. „„„„ after the yankalflla bank wbberyTnas been satisfactorily explained. The people who held the notes were a Mr. and m? Broadstock, and at the request of the Commissioner of Police they were interrogated as to where they obtained them. They stated that they bad formerly resided at Salisbury, and had had an account with the local branch of the Commercial Bank. On removing to Perth in October, 1885, they bad drawn oat their deposit, amounting to £160, and taking it in notes had had them in thehouse ever since. On receiving information of the stoppage of the WmiMhpy had triad tn get rid nt tham a* nimwt say price, and had thus aroused suspicion. The police have verified the statement of Mr. Broadetock as to the money being drawn out of the Salisbury branch on the date mentioned, and have thus Bet at rest all doubt as to the holder's honesty. His Lordship Bishop Reynolds was a pas* 1 senger by the steamer Adelaide, which arrived from Melbourne on Friday. The Rev. R. Hayward, incumbent of All Souls' Church, East Adelaide, and {St. Aidan'e, Marden, has resigned these charges, having accepted an appointment in the diocese of?allarat The Supreme Court will sit in Banco on Monday next, being the first day of the first lermoflgSO. The following cases (reserved for argument) will be taken:—The Queen v. Ah i Kong, and the Queen v. Mammy alias Jacky. IWe hear that certain of the shareholders in i the Hindmarsh Tramway Company are taking steps to test the validity of the advantages possessed by the holders of the preference shares which have been issued by the company. They have taken one legal opinion, which favors the view that the advantages are not authorised by the memorandum of association. The births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, March 20, numbered:—Births—lol ir alee, 101 females; deaths—49 males, 47 females: total—2o2 births, 96 deaths. Excess of births, 106. The figures for the district of Adelaide were :—Births—2l males, 17 females; deaths—2o males, 10 females; total—33 births, 30 deathe. Excess of births, 8. ZpThe following saloon passengers have booked in Adelaide to sail for Marseilles by the Mes sageries Maritimes steamer Yarra, leaving here on Monday, March 29: — Mrs. and Miss Mahoney, Miss Alicia M. Hope, Miss Eliza beth Hope, Dr. and Mrs. Weld, Mr. F. M. Ward, Mr. D. Barker, Mr. aud Mrs. Pelzer, Mrs. B. Just, Miss Just, the R9V. G. Gibbes, Mr. H. G. Schmidt. In the final instalment of the results of the examinations lately held at the Melbourne University the name of Mr. W. F. Hopkins, B. A., son of the Rev. W. Hopkins, of this city, is given. Mr. Hopkins has just finished two years of the five years' course requisite for a medical degree. He entered the Melbourne University last year as a graduate, and is the firet, we believe, from the Adelaide University whose degree in arts has been recognised in the former seat of learning. Information was received by the Terowie police on Wednesday evening (says the local paper) that a man named Daniel Reardon had cut his throat at Kackara. He was employed by Mr. Cole, the ranger, a few days ago as cook for a rabbit party, and prepared the breakfast for the party all right on Wednesday morning, but seemed out of spirits. At 11 o'clock be was found in the hut in a pool of blood with his throat cut, the razor with which the deed was committed lying alongside him. Mr. Stuart Cumberland leaves for Melbourne to-day by the_ P. &O.; steamer Sutlej. He has succeeded in making many friends during his stay in Adelaide, and no doubt he will receive a welcome in the Victorian capital equal to the one accorded him here. Of course the public have only bad the opportunity of judging of Mr. Cumberland as a thought reader, but he has, whilst with us, actively applied himself to making enquiries with respect to the affairs of the colony, and he leaves us a thorough well-wisher. On Thursday afternoon a sad fatality occurred at Gibson-street, Bowden, to a son of Mr. S. Mead, clerk, three and ahalf years of age. It appears that one of the workmen engaged in connecting the premises with the deep drain inadvertently left a bottle containing muriatic acid on the window-ledge at the bick of Mr. Mead's residence, and the little fellow swallowed a portion of its contents. His mother, who was standing alongside, noticed the bottle, but yeas not aware of its nature until the child cried out that be had burnt his tongue. Dr. W. Baity, who was passing, was called in and applied the usual remedies, bat the case was hopeless. The unfortunate child lingered in] agony until about midnight when be expired. An inquest will be held this | morning. ! We have received from the Government printer Part 7 of "The Forest Flora of South : Australia," by J. E. Brown, F. L.S. (Conservator of Forests). The number contains colored litho- , graphs and descriptions of the following plants:— Acacia spilleriana (long flower- stalked wattle), Eucalyptus viminalis (manna gum), Eremophila oppositrifolia [sic] (opposite leaved Eremophila), Eucalyptus hemiphloia (box gum), and Eremophila alternifolia (alter nate-leaved Eremophila). All these plants are represented with the greatest accuracy and in the highest style of lithographic art. The very superior excellence of the Forest Flora has always attracted admiration as each part appeared. Previous numbers could not very well be improved upon, and it is therefore sufficient to say in respect of Part 7 that it is in every way as good as its predecessors. Petitions were presented on Friday, March 26, to the Attorney-General, in the absence of the Commissioner of Crown Lauds, by Messrs. P. B. Coglin, M.P. and W. Burgoyne, M.P. The first was a memorial from the selectors in the hundreds of Kanyaka, Boolcunda, and Bamdioota, praying for an extension of time for the payment ?fall rents now due or falling dne during the year ISS6. Their reasons for askirg that this might be granted were the total failure of their crops and the necessity to pay hind and vermin taxes. The Attorney-General promised to con- ; sidered the matter and give a reply by the j end of March. The second was from prospec- ' tors and daimholders in the hundred of Eurilpa, requesting that a geologist might ba sent to the district to examine the country and test the mineral claims. The Attorney- General promised that the Government Geologist should visit the district as soon as possible. At 5 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, March 24 (says the Mount Barker Courier), Mr. John Reed, who has had the oversight of the rail way works between Naime and the Victorian \- botder ever since their commencement, drove I borne the fastening of the last rail of the line. Between JS'airne and the Murray Bridge com munication has been open for Borne months, and it is now several weeks since the desert line was completed. Messrs. Millar Bros, left the fourteen miles of platelaying from Tailem Bend to the eastern side of Murray Bridge until they could work it with sleepers and ballast from the Border Town end, and now that work is brought to a satisfactory conclusion. There is, consequently, a clear ran from Adelaide to the Victorian border, and, before the end of the year, the missing link between this point and Dimboola will be supplied, and communication with Melbourne will be an accomplished fact. There are yet Ecme finishing touches to be given to the com pleted line, and it is. not the intention of the department to begin passenger and goods traffic until May 1. There was no official ceremony in connection with last Wednesday's proceedings, but Mr. Henry Robinson, of the fiim of Robinson & Haig, remembered the platelayers and other workmen engaged on the line tn the extent of 36 gallons of beer. The total length of the railway between Adelaide and the V lclorian border is just short of 200 miles. Under the heading "In Hot Water," the Mount Barter Courier tells the following Etory:—Last week some rather disagreeable conversation passed between a navvy and a ycusg woman at Tailem Bend—the amenities and decencies of language being totally ignored. Next evening the lady had neither forgotten nor forgiven the coarse and offen sive words directed against her social reputa tion, and, seeing the navvy in her neighbor hood, sent a boy to tell him that she wanted to speak to him. The man, thinlHn^ that the olive branch was going to be held out, went at once. The lady waited until he was within a few yards of the opening of her tent, when she walked ont and saluted him with a bucket of boiling water on his face and shoulders. The result was the loes of his flowing bearoT, and the parboiling of the ?IHn on bis neck, which had the appearance of that of a pig newly scalded. A summons was served on the woman on Friday but, citing her to appear at Wellington on Saturday morning at 10 o'clock. She did not come, however, having in the meanw&ile; gone to Border Town by the train. A telegraphic message reached that place before her arrival, and she was immediately arrested and brought back to Tailem Bend by the return train. On Monday forenoon the charge against her was beard by Messrs. Jer vois and Bonnin, and, after listening to the evi dence, the gentlemen considered tbat some thing was proved against her. and sentenced her to two months' imprisonment. A series of strange events and curious mistakes is thus reported by the Burra Jteeord as having occurred at Kooringa shortly after midnight on Tuesday:—"lt appears that some person or persons made np their mind to Lave a Mark,* and during the night they daringly effected an entrance into Mr. T. Halls's yard and there poUoned bis dog, but thinking the first 'dose' would not prove fatal they discharged a gun at the animal, but missed it. The dose, however, took effect, and the dog died shortly afterwards. Tne charge that was intended for the dog struck the door and window of the dwelling-house. The noise awoke Mr. Halls, who got up and went outside to see if be could ascertain the cause of the gun being ehot off so near his house, but not a sound could then be heaid. He was determined to try and catch the offenders, so be harnessed a pair of horses to a buggy, and was about to start off when be heard a second report of a gun at the end of Lower Thames street. Kow comes the most laughable part of the proceedings. It appears two young- girls were just coming from the post-office (so they Eay, but rattier a late hour to get letters from the post-office), and when they got near their home they saw something on an old well, which they told each other was a ghost, and being young in years and very timid, they could not think of going inside before this object was removed. They at once decided Ito arouse Mr. Blight, and they did so. When they awoke him, he asked them what they wanted, and they replied saying, 'There is a ghost out here.' Mr, Blight got up, opened the door, and saw the object, which he also pronounced to be a ghost. He got bis gun and put a charge of powder in it and fired, and the supposed gho?t shuffled off at a pretty quick rate. By this time Mr. Halls arrived, and he found that it was someone else having ' some fun,' A etart was then made to capture the ghost,' but it disappeared from their eyes. As they were looking about they saw a youneinan returning borne, and thinking the ghost had come in another form they all made for him— with sticks, mallee rails, and guns—and re quested him to'bail up!' On investigating, how ever, it was found they had made a mistake, as the young man in question said he knew nothing of the affair. At this time a great number of people were aroused from their slumber, and bad come out to see what Lad occurred. Neither 'ghost' nor the offenders who shot at the dog could be seen in Cooringa, so a start was made for Bedruth by several young men. and they perchanced to come across another innocent individual and they gave chase after him. After unsuccessfully 'halting' one or two other persons they returned borne about two o'clock in the moraine-. And, as yet, we have not heard of either the ghoEt or the offenders who shot at the dog being captured." The annual general meeting of shareholders in Maurice Salom & Company was held at the City Auction Mart on Friday, March 2(5. There were nine shareholders present, repre senting in all 37,410 shares, and Mr. S. IX Glyde, M.P. (chairman of directors) presided. The directors' report and balance- sheet were laid before the meeting, and the chairman in inovingtheir adoption stated that the balance to credit of profit and los 3 jon January 31, after allowing for all bad and doubtful debts, was £2,652 lip., out of which an interim dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum had baea paid on September 4,1885, absorbing £1,009, and leaving a balance of £L,652 11s., which the directors had decided to carry forward. He drew attention to the auditors' concluding sentence in their report, namely, " That no reduction has yet been made in the premises and goodwill account." On account of his position on the board he did not desire to question the right of the auditors' action, but )eft it to the shareholders to express an opinion as to whether they should write a sum olf to any particular account, or simply carry for ward their undivided profits as a balance carried forward. Tor his part be thought the course they had hitherto adopted the most desirable. Mr. C. H. T. Hart, in seconding the adoption of the report, commented on the auditors' remarks, and protested against any such report being attached by any auditors to any balance- sheet. He considered they were travelling beyond their province by adding such a rider to their certificate. It was the auditors' duty to certify as to the correctness of the figures and to check the cash and bills, and not to value the assets. It seemed to him that there was an idea abroad just now that directors should do the bookkeeping, and that auditors should do the directors' work—a, state of affaire which he strongly protested against. Mr. Hiram Mildred, in supporting the motion, was of Air. Hart's opinion, and characterised the auditors' action as impudence. The reports were adopted. The chairman, in the absence of nominations for other candidates, declared the retiring directors ( Jlessrs. H. C. E. Muecke and J. T. Nankivell) elected again to the positions. Mr. W. Hamilton considered the directors'fees (jointly £350)t?o high, and moved that they be reduced to £250. This was seconded by Mr. Hiram Mildred. The chair man deemed it undesirable in the present state of times to reduce either the number of directors or their remuneration, as the money, considering the anxiety and time occupied in faithfully attending to their duties, was well earned, and although it was perhap3 a delicate subject for him to speak about, he did not hesitate to express this opinion on the part of himself and his correctors. Mr. Hart objected entirely to reducing the fees, as he was in favor of paying men well who did their duty. The resolution was lost. The election of auditors was then proceeded with, the result being in favor of Messrs. H. Stodart and Hiram Mildred. The sum of fifteen guineas each was voted to the auditors for their services for the past year. At a meeting of the shareholders of the South Australian Gas Company, held at the Exchange Arbitration-room, Pine-street, on Friday morning-, Messrs. A. M, Simpson and K. Barr Smith were elected directors, vie 3 the Hon. A. Hay, M.L.C., and Hon. S. Toinkin eoo, M.L.C., resigned. The fourth of a series of monthly entertain ments was given by the members of the Welsh Free Church on Thursday evening in the Alfred Masonic HalL The Rev. R. Jones presided over a large and appreciative audi euce, and an excellent programme, consisting of songs, recitations, aud impromptu speeches, was well carried out. The following document enclosed in a bittle was pickird up on H'-eaford Beach, near Port Lincoln, between the Bluff aad the Old Fishery, by Mr. W. Boyd, oti Mirc'i 7: — "Ship Greta, of Liverpool; barque Isle of Anglesea in company; steering south. Lit. 3G: 32' S., all well: long. 13G' 30' X February 4, ISSG. P.S.—lf picked up please report, as this is to tell how the current runs along Kangaroo Island.—W. D. Cassady, Master." Oscar Smith's Indian Tourist Party repeated their pleasing entertainment at Garner's Rooms on Friday evening in the presence of a good auditory. The funniments of the end men, the vocal efforts of the company, and the terpsichorean performances all met with approval which manifested itself in constant applause. This evening there will be an entire change of programme, and new faces will be introduced. Amongst others Miss Jenny Nye, the vocalist and dancer, and Mr. H. Townley, will appear. An interesting game of polo will be played on the Old Racecourse, East Park Lands, this afternoon between two sides chosen from the Adelaide Club, over 30 and under 30 year?, the former comprising Messrs. J. L. Stirling, G. C. Hawker, jun., E. W. Hawker, and C. H. T. Hart, and the latter Messrs. T. Barr Smith, Allan Baker, S. Rolli, and H. Bowman. There should be a good contest between these skilled players. The concert by the Military Band on Friday evening attracted a large crowd to the Rotunda, and fortunately the weather was very favorable for the enjoycient of the mnaic. The band carried out the programme, which included "Marche Funebre" (Beethoven), played in memory of the late Mr. John Whinbam. A number of other good selections were aleo carried out with success. On Friday evening Mr. A. W. Dobbie de livered his popular lecture on " The Wonders of Mesmerism and Clairvoyance," in the Brompton Wesleyan lecture-hall, in aid of the circuit funds. The lecturer gave exhibitions of bis mesmeric influence to the delectation of the audience, the subjects (local) being quite subservient to his will. The Mayor of Hind marsh (Dr. J. Bees) presided, and there was a good attendance. Miss N. Orchard con tributed selections of music A most enjoyable evening was passed by the large number of persons who assembled at Henley Beach on Thursday evening, when the Military Band, under Bandmaster Oughton, performed an attractive programme of music. Besides the residents of the neighborhood there was a great number of visitors from Ade laide, all of whom by their continued applause testified to the popularity of this excellent band. At the cloEe of the concert the mem bers of the band were invited by Mr. Kxcell, of the Henley Beach Hole), to supper, and a pleasant hour was spent. The meeting of the Baptist Gospel Tem perance Society, held in the Carroudown Baptist Church on Friday.evening, was largely attended. The chair was occupied by the Bey. W. B. Hiddlestone, who referred to the growth of the temperance movement at Hind maitb. and stated that arrangements were pending for the coalition of the Congregational, Bible Christian, and Baptist temperance organisations with a view of concentrating their efforts to advance the local movement against the drink traffic A family of Welsh vocalists named Frances rendered some part i&usic;, which was greatly appreciated. Ad dresses were given by several members of the society. The following orders to the V.M.F. were ii-sued from the Staff Office on Friday:— Orderly officers for the ensuing week—Captain Medlyn, G Company; Lieutenant Gee, B Company. The following promotions are sanctioned:—LanceCorporal A. Wharton to be corporal; Pioneer J. Vardon to be lance corporal ; Private E. Halliday to be pioneer. The undermentioned N.C. officers and men will parade on Saturday, April 3, at 1.30 p.m., at North-terrace railway-station, for the pur pose of proceeding to the new range for firing at moving 'and vanishing targets—^Lance-Cor poral YoungjPrivates Weeks, Coker. Privates Keogh and Webb, B Company, to be pioneers from this date Valedictory services to the Rev. W. G. Clarke, of the Glenelg Wesleyan Church, who has been appointed by the Wesleyan Con ference to labor at Silverton, were commenced on Sunday, on the evening of which day the rev. gentleman preached his farewell sermon to a full congregation. On Wednesday evening tea and public meetings were held. The latter was presided over by the superintendent of the circuit, who stated that he regretted the re moval of Mr. Clarke, but believed it would be for bis benefit^and that of the church, as at Silvertcu be would be found to be the right man in the right place. Other gentlemen bore testimony to the good which had resulted from Mr. Clarke's labors amongst them. Mr. D. Nock (senior circuit steward) said he bad never heard a whisper of complaint against bun. On behalf of the circuit he had great pleasure in presenting the rev. gentleman with { sn flfcnnt nw?ianif*mttwrtraY'a**'wc* l!lffft t' cheque. He hoped fortune would at eoine future time bring him again to the Glenelg circuit, where he would receive a hearty wel come. The rev. gentleman, in returning thanks, said he regretted having to leave them, but being called to do pioneer work at SuYerton_be had resolved to follow the dictates of tie Holy Spirit, and to overcome every difficulty if possible. Several selections of music were rendered during the evening by the choir. The South Australian Cricfceii:V? Association have arranged to hold an entertainniC.ll4 on the City Oval on Friday, April 2, in honor i?ft P e arrival of W. Beach, who is a passenger by tuC Cuzco, which leaves Adelaide on April 5. On Thursday night the association telegraphed to the world s champion sculler at Sydney re specting the proposed fete, and this morning Mr. Creswell received the following answer from Mr. J. G. Deeble, Beach's great sup porter, who is to accompany him home: — "Accept with pleasure; many thanks." The local rowing clubs will also take part hi the tvelcume to the oarsman who is about to struggle on Knglisb waters to retain his laurels. The association has decided to hand over 20 percent, of the net takings to the rowing clubs. On Thursday evening, March 25, at the con clusion of the ordinary business in connection with the St. Lawrence's Total Abstinence Literary Society, which meets fortnightly in St. Mary's Schoolroom, North Adelaide, a representative gathering assembled to witness a presentation to Mr. John Bermingham, on belialf of the clergy, choir, and congregation of St. Jjawrance's Church, in recognition of his sei vices as a vocalist in the choir. The very rev. the dean, and Messrs. L Smith and B. Nash warmly eulogised the recipient, not only for his very valuable services as a singer, but also for his general urbanity of character, and they hoped, though he was leaving the district, they would not altogether lose his assistance. The presentation consisted of a large elegantly framed mezzotint of Mr. Bermingham, the work of Mr. Kiesche, of Bundle-street. The portrait reflects credit on the ability of the artist. At a meeting of the Bowden Bible Christian Mutual Improvement Society, held in the Bible Christian lecture-hall on Friday evening, the president of the Bible Christian Conference (Rev. O. Lake), who presided, on behalf of the society presented Mr. E. J. Kemp with six volumes of Geike's " Hours with the Bible" as a mark of appreciation of his efforts in establishing the society, and as a memento of the kind feelings existing towards him. He said it was encouraging to find that young men like Mr. Kemp were devoting themselves to the work of the Christian ministry, and as the recipient was about to leave them and engage in ministerial work connected with the denomi nation at Gawler he wished him God-speed, and hoped bis action would be an incentive to young men to devote their lives to the cau3e of Christ. Mr. Kemp expressed his appreciation of the gift. He hoped to follow in the foot steps of the fathers of the denomination. Muses Puddy and Keen contributed vocal and instrumental music during the evening. Mr. Seymour Lucas has been elected to the vacant associateehip of the Royal Academy, caused by the retirement of the late Robert Thorburn. The bare announcement of this fact would not be a matter of very great interest in the colonies, but for the fact that two or three of Mr. Lucas's pictures are to be found in Australia. In the Sydney Art Gallery there are two of his works which were purchased at a high figure, namely "The Gordon Riots," and "Drake Play ing at Bowls." To come nearer home, Mr. Lucas received a commission in 1535 from Mr. WivelL of this city, to paint a picture, which has lately arrived, entitled "A Good Day's Sport." It represents an " old English gentleman" seated at a table in a country inn partaking of refreshments and conversiug with a buxom lass, who is tidying up the room. The coloring is pure and delicate, and the pic ture is full of detail. Air. Lucas's broad and effective style of drawing makes the figures stand out in bold relief from the accessories and surroundings. The sportsman's gun is resting by the kitchen dresser, and a pheasant, some ducks, and other game are on the floor in the foreground. This picture, and the two in the Sydney National Gallery, are, we believe, the only works by this artist in the Australian colonies. The performance of Lingard's Royal Diorama of Scotland and the Acme Concert Company at the Academy of Music on Friday evening was given as a benefit to Mr. David McAndrew, whose ability at a lecturer, humorist, and vocalist has been so 'fully recog nised by all who have patronised the enter tainment during the last nine or ten days. The diorama itself is well worthy a visit, em brsciDgas it does some of the choicest pieces of Scottish Ecenery immortalised by Barns and Scott. Besides many views in Edinburgh and Glasgow there are well executed representa tions of Calton Hill, Leitk, Roslyn Chapel, Linlitfagow Palace and Loch, Abbotsford (the residence of Sir Walter Scott), Melro3e Abbey by moonlight, scenes in connection with the life of Bums, In veraiy, Pass of Glencoe, Xioch Awe, Isle of Skye, Lochnagar, BalmoraL Cape Wrath, Inverness, Dundee, Taymonth Castle, Perth, Loch Leven Castle, Stirling with its castle, Loch Kathrine, Loch Lomond, and various portions of the Clyde. The excellent descriptions that are given carry niany a canny Scot back to meineries of his birthplace, and for that reason alone there is no wonder that the diorama should be popular in a land settled by such numbers of those who {bail from the land o' cakes. A special programme was presented on Friday evening, including the performance of Professor Wcrley and his pupil "Young Australia" in mid air, a quartet of Highland dancers in the " Reel o' Tiilloch," and "Houlactan," led by Professor W. Denholm, Mr. Thoa. King's vocal quartet, and Mr. Harry Reed in his -American clog dance. Altogether an enjoy able evening was spent. There will be an ex hibition of the diorama this afternoon, when tpecial prices for families and children are advertised, and another in the evening. On Monday His Excellency the Governor will witness the diorama. Coui-sinjr matches will be ran at the Goodwood Fark Hotel this afternoon. The Bey. A. Turnbull will deliver an address to morrow afternoon in the Botauic I'ark on " Tempta tion, Sin, and Social Sinners." The Rev. J. C. Kirby will preach in the Port Con srepational Church to-morrow evening on "The Orphan Girl." This afternoon a match w ill be played on the West Adelaides' ground between married and single votaries of the sport of qnoit throwing. His Lordship Bishop Reynolds will lay the ftranfla tion stone of an extension of the Brompton Catholic Church to- morrow afternoon. To-morrow night Sir. Henry Taylor will lecture in the Fretthouglit Ball, oa " Laud Speculation; the Evils and the Cure." The third of a series of stonelireakinj contests will take place this afternoon on a piece of ground opposite the Kensin;rton Hotel. A number of entries have been made, and good money prizes are offered. Tbi£ week's Lantern has a capital cartoon dtali = with the suggestion that Judge Boucaut should re s igu bis scat on the beech and take the political helm, as suggested in the correspondence columns of the AdvatUer. 