—si. -?* j^rKC TfiauEUiiiiS. '?.:.* ' ??' ''-- ^Amo«'o!* hundred yoara before. thatTiiryJ * '-s at Bothlohem which Rivoo 'modem .uraoua indox-namoly, in B82 u p., 'the year when . the Isthmian gumon wore roatorod—a onst 01 colonists, swarming out of Geln, not very fair off, f ounaea Aoragaa, which afterwards beoamo, v - as Pindar wrote, 'the most beautiful city of * ' mortals.' They could not have chosen a fairer spot on all tho ooaRt of thiB fair island: of Sicily, rioh us it everywhere is in lovoIincBB and charm. Brolson and aoaontuated ground gave natural rarapattB to tho oity and tho ma jesty ' ol domination to the temples ; whlJe the w-d6;atrotch of blue bob in front brou£ tno b9auty ana unra.cn 01 umpa --''?? *?„,.„: * which opened its gates to its fri^ ftS™ ™. and Minerva^* tuto]ary d?itieJ o£ tha oity- ' ' Su. JuFwaa Zeus Atabyrius,. an awful form i ' ___ A Molooh j tho other was tho wise gravo god ? . - doss worshipped by tho Bhodians nt Lindus — from whioq oity oamo tho original oolonieta ol Gola, bringing their familiar deity with, them.' 'Wo have all heard' of Phalaria the tyrant, of Acragas, with hia red-hot brazon bulls, in which he roasted men alive. But wo dp not all know that this was not only from '.wanton cruelty ; though, as with the Inquisition of later times, niuoh porsonal hatred and malice might have been more mixed up with it ; but that it was also one i - form pi.jteligiouB superstition of tho kind only t8jp»i'pommon in all faiths. Greek feel ing, however, aid net tolerate human saori ^ floes. Milk and hopoy, fruit and floworB, and poor innocent beasts, which at tho worst ' , aerved aftewatds.for food, wore offered to tho ' 1?ods, to gam favour or ward off punishmont. But pave- in very rare; and exceptional in * qtanooB, of which Iphigonia and her Bubse quont cult are tho most notable, the doitiea of Hellas wero not propitiated by the blood ? and tSaxs of man. The men of Aoragas thore . fore, soon rose up in horror and indignation . BgainBt Phalaris. and 'banished him for his blood-guiltiness ; for all that he had groatly embellished the oity— always a claim on the. gratitude ol citizens. Among other things, ?' he built a temple to Jupiter Foleiua, tho 1 founder of cities',' on 'the, sight of which, and in a manner incorporated with while over powering the older f ano, ia tho Christian . church ol Sta Maria dei Greoi. Thereon, that wieo and benevolent despot,. whose tomb is still to be scon, was tho real ?' Btar of Aoragas. ? Ho made that Greek luxury, a Bpaoious fish-pond ; he built the boat of. tho ' temples, of whioh the ruina Btill romnin to attraot travellers from' countries, then un known, but now dominant, whileall this ma , i?.B''° Past i3 but a memory and a name ; and Pindar celebrated ana extolled . him, whioh perhaps is the firmest holding on immorality that ho possesses. Among - others, ho built the temple now called Juno Lacinia ;' that is, , the same Jimo aa was worshipped at Laoi ? ' nura; as n modern Oathdlio might dedioate aohureh to Sta Maria delta Catena, or di -. GeBi\, or aolla PiotiV, ? &o;,\ always tho admo , Koqqobs, Din wim BpeoiuiiHoa aciriouies. it was for this temple that Zouxis painted hia famous picture of Juno, taking for his models the five most beautiful virgins of Aoragas, and produoing a masterpiece suoh as tho world had never seen before. But tho forces of nature, like tho passions of men, have no reapect for works of art, whether in paint or in stone. Earthquakes and storms, winds, front, and fire did their work oC destruction on all these splondytooneeptiona and perfect achievements .j^gghius ; and Saracen' and Norman oo»Jlotod/ 'be ruin whioh Cartha ginian'and Rimai.' hud begun. And now we ha7e of Aeragan, ' the most beautiful, oity of mortals,' only tho uninteresting little town of Oh-gnud ; and the ruins of tho anciont templo?. But what ruins 1 Out on tho edge of tho rook ntanda the beautiful and still perfeot skeleton of tho Templo of Concord. It needs no' great sketch of fancy to reconstruct tho \- past, to repeoplo the void, to call baok from ? that dim and niisty Hades whero tho pale ghosts wander mournfully, tho forms of those who onoo filfed tho temple with love, and lirrVlf tXTtA IT /Ml t-li nnrl \\\nn ntn *n!l-l* h,.~.'. _ _ .3 »gliV| UUU JUUWU UUU UCEtUUJTi WiUU UtUOlU UllU ,' ? song and the fervent prayers ofpioua :bou1s, ^ - asking the benign Goddess of Peaoo to Bhed her influence over men, and stay both war ' and slaughter. The hoautiful Sicilian girls who were tho realisations of the nyraphB and younger goddesses, some sing ing, somo playing, others, bearing baskets fall of fruits tfnd flowers— their eoft feet falling in measured tread and tho rhyth tnio swaying of their bodies making visable ''' ' - ^. ? {nnjH9-to tho eye ; the stately matrons, grander \ and graver, the Junoa, the Dametera com / pleted, to whom life had brought its cares aa / well its fulfilled jpya, its imperative dutiea aa ; well as its pleading loves ; the young men 3oanning the maidonB and falling in love at ft glance, aa love is kindled into flume, by a spark ; tho husbands and tho elder fathers, occupied with things and indifferent . to beauty; the poor dumb boasts, garlanded with flowers, and lod to the slaughter aa offerings to goda slow to save and qciok to punish, as even tho gentle gods of Greeoa themselves were : — all file along the paved road and up the marble steps, find range ' themselvpn wi'Viin the columned hall, which ' ? then had no Christian archou to blook np the space. The oymbals clash and clang: the shrill note ol tho double pipe sounds far and dear ; and tho echoes of the saored aonga oome baok from shaft to wall in a full diapa -— son of joyous melody. Who cannot bring baok that scene, qb he stands among tho asphodels and violets, and forgets time and apace in memory ? :?..-? Father away is that Tomple of Juno Lacinia, already spoken of, where the .skeleton is by no means so perfeot aa this, and where the red hand of fire has left its orimson touch on the old gray atones. Farther still arc tho the infamous governor Ycrrea, he who was denounced by Cioero in one ol hie most eloquent orations, attempted to steal tho magnifloent bronze statue of the god ; send ing hisslavea at night to prise down tho Baorod icpn ; but failing— aa the pioua of the 4 time said, by tho miraoulous energy of -^ .Heroulos himaelf workeiug through his effigy — until tho horrified men of what was thon 1 - , Agrigentum, no longer Acragas, and not y'et \- ' - Girgenti, ruahed to the rescue and delivered their doity from harm. And there is .still more'nndiatinguiflhabloohaoa of tho Temple ol. Jupiter— ruined beforo finished— where the great oaryatid lies prone on the greonsward, like one of tho old goda despoiled ol nia glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only tho dim ana ronghenod outlines, but wanting all that made tho life and beauty pf the faith. Near to these confused ruins ia the beautiful little upright fragment of the Templo of Castor and Pollux, thoao twin^aona of Leda who stand as the ombloma of fraternal fidelity. The air is lull of old- world memories, and involuntarily that noble hymn by Thcooritna to the Dioscuri cornea to us like a living Bound wafted by strango singera aoroaa tho soented baan-fielda— ' dear work-ateada of tho hairy beeo' — and shaken Hko perfumo from the flushed branohea of floworing fruit-trooo, and the Bweet pale loveliness of almond blosBoma. But their day is done. Their Templo ia but a hint, precious for architectural grace, and . beautiful in spito'dfita decay; and thoy them , selves, this heroic pair, aro aa dead aa the the atono efllgy lying prostrate on tho gras-'a. 'Farewell, yea BonB ol Loda'— ' Castor ol tbo Bwift atoeds and awart Polydoucea,' ' to whom all minstrels wore dear,' ' tho twain that aid all mortala,' ' tho bolovod pair,' , ' Buooonrora ol man in tho very thrill ol V peril, ana ol horsea maddonod in tho bloody ft* preBs of battle* ana of ships that, dofying tho ^a. Btare that Bot and rise in heaven, have en ^k oountorodtho perilopB breath ol atorma'— ^^ farewell IJThe preaent haa destroyed the past ^. ana Judroa has conquered Greece ; but what ^k the, world has lost in Bubstanoe it Btill retaiqa ^L ? ' ? i - l8puTaed by.Bmpoa?°^. y.-» rwUh purple\obo, crowned with lB™0l»£'u? -^ae golden iandah-wbat waa ??*'?? »S?' the W^ wlao.mcrturer o! moj «M«^ Tt ho the self-cohmbnn to have been / w Bincore il also Bolf-deculv1.^,r-:,B'a;ran'inGa more than ho know, and who oubou. -3j,j0' cloarer thQURlita by phantasies arid hiu por.~ ceptiona by illusiona ? Or waa he tho oon HOiouB charlatan who traded on men 8 orcilu. lityand discounted their ignoranco ? Who can Bay ? He, too, is 'one ot those faona in. the clouds for whioh oaoh obaorvor has a different form. But whatever ho was. he was bora nnd bred at AorogaB,- the beautiful oity where the goda wero hopsod in b'QT nn« worahippod with lorvour vnnd Jt. was from thero that ho set ontlo-.Boek lor immortality in tho eternal fires of Etna. . And now, what do we find.at the modern town ana Btation ol Girgonti? A oountry barren ol treea bat Iruitful in grain' ; nplanda as Rreon with aprputmg corn aa English fiolda aoonting the air with perfume almost as rich as that which steala from tho joasamino and orangtf blossoms ol tha high- walled gardens ; uncultivated toots full ol asphodels and violets, of borage and tho garden diaoa yellow ohrysanthomum, of fragrant herbs, and jtho raror aorta ol our wild-flowora at homo— tracts where a botanist may spend hia hours in rejpioing.' /Leaving tho country and gojng into the town, which is Bet upon tho high rook dominating the plain, we find but littlo beauty. The women no longer ' oard tho soft wool about their knees,' aa in tho days of the proud Eunioe; wlio refused to love at all that ddsperate Simmtha who loved too much ; but thoy are said to' bo the most prolific of all Sicilian women, and for a man to marry a Girgenteae is to bo sure ot heirs and the tradi tional quiver- full. The chief objeot of intoieat in the town is ol oourno the Duomo or oathred ral, where they show you anperb voatmonta wrought in goia and silver, with garneta ana turquoisea mixed in with the ombroidory ; an engraveB 'ivory staff, nn3 two aplendid monBtraVjoea— tho oi^b of gold ana jewella in the lorm' bi.^a sun Irayed and banded ; the other, of Bilver flowers, with the Madonna'a hair in the centre. jSho plain white-washed oolumns dividing nave from aisle agree but ill with the florid ornamentation of the high altar or the bold oirving ol tho roof; and the eoho which oocma to run round the wall .' like an invisible flame waB once the cause ol ? more heart- barninga than the arohiteat knew when he strnok byiohanae on that fatal angle ?of inoiaonoo. ' ( II you aro at Gitgenti at Carnival timo and go to a veglinoe orrnasked ball in the theatre -you will see a HUB ol Sicilian manners and something ol Sicilian feeling. Among the Savagea and tho swallows, the gold-horned, red-bodied Fi«nds, tho Sailors and thenonao aoriptB who / dance together with more vigour than grace in tho platea, you will not fio one woman. The Sioilian blood ia mo' hot and Sicilian jealousy too rampa/t to permit tho publio and india oriminatq/mingling ol men and women ; and there still exist in those leaa visited and less coutiaentaliBea plaoes, strong traoea ol tha SaraJenic aeolusion of women. In the boxes, two' female maska — tho only female maska in /ho theatre — oome down evor ana anon, attended by their male oompanion, to cross tht platea for auoh rofteahments aa are to be foynd at the baok of tho stage. No one Brjoaka to them, and they epeak to no one. Eren that group of Zulus who respect xio rcan, make way for them : aa do those half dozen Swallows who run in and out with short ntepa ana shrill cries, letting fly live UrdB aa a diversion tha more. These two barids are evidently well known in tho plaoe. Thsy go in and out'ot certain boxes offering bohbon?, which are laughingly accepted, and thet dance with leas clumsiness and more grace than tho rest. Among tho spectators in the boxes are two or three exquisite little mnnlvB of children. One ourly-pated Louia XIV., of perhapa the ripo ago of three, after . iij»mu^ iruuiiu tiliurvo tu liica |iu^ja wiuu uuo intervening mask to prevent oontaot, is handed about from box to box like a big doll. In one it is the centre of attraction and wor ship to five stalwart men ; for Italian men aro like women in their lovo of ohildren, and you will constantly see the father performing what we consider to bo essontially womanly ofiiao8 for q littlo child, while the mother stands by looking on complacently. There is a tiny, gold-horned, rod-bodied imp, whose delight in hia horns is auoh as one might have oxpeoted from a young fawn when he first learned that he could butt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a last wora : Girgonti ia now abao lutely aafe. A few yoara ngo, brigands might have been found lurking behind the fallen columns with the snakes and the lizards, and tho long gun handy. Now you have only the lizards. . The snakes havo been frightened' away by the throng of visitors ; carabinieri keep ovil disposod men in oheok ; and bri gandage, like the old cult, has vanished into the duet and vapour of things past and dead. Tho editor feels lone and miaorable When he con find no joko that's Boissorablo Puck. 