1'CHOEI S OF MIELBOURINlE.. I [I11l rut GooST.i Although ithe LegislatLurn of the eolony lihas been alrealy'soone months in weslon, very little of the work of the country has fl ean deole. ThI Council has had " no workl to do" and the Asse?ubly :under the feubll rille of th1e present tIelunielt has lli i ibecome so demoralised that tile sooner IMr. (liollin 1i11) pilhi through' the estimnsiteo and bring in lthel annual ,,Appropriation Hill, the Ietter will it be for th credit of Parlia. lountaly ilntitutiols land his own safety as ri Minister. :Twice: already :doring. the present lsession .:1has the Premier found hilnsolf in a minority on questions of policy, and tho opposition, no doubt, elated by their previous Osuacess, have once more resolved to "toiupt thu hazard of, the die," and make a direct vote of 'Want of Coati dence intho Governiment in cousequence of their action in, councotion, with certain railway cortraots. On Thursday a-vote on tllhe Educational Letimattes wa0 uiuole the battle ground.of a party flight. Mr. Giillies stoutly denied having, made a .promise to increase tihe salaries of the ladyrteaclhbro.of the departmenut, and ohatinately' rfusing to give way, tlio: Asseibly rwas. kept sitting all night and until halft past..twelve oil the following day.. The attack in force. onL the Treasury benches is to be led by iMtr. lioet on Tuesday.lnext when the leader of the opposition will expatiate upon the largo exocss of exlionditure over;the estimates flr.rallway construction and more particu larly in the case of the Lilydale and l1eals. ville Line... No doubt thelprospect of the grent light in'store was largely instru mental in eventually restoring quietude, for even an opposition.leader, eager fur ollico is' aware of the truth of the max0m'that aRars that. . loe who lights And runs way ;: Will live to ight anlthor day. l ?Mr. Lalor's absence from the speaker's chair,! owing .to serious indisposition, may e.r-, tainly bo credited with Imu1ch, of the irregularity of Tlhursday night's proce0ad inogs. Mr. Cooper, the Chairman of Coum uittees, who presided,. does not possess the fortiltr illn , r, nor thle .sOaviler in. mode . of Mr. Speaker,. aind is utterly unable to curb thelo mor: unruly members of the House. Should the absence of the Speaker be a prolongod oue, it is safe to ,.predict, that 0re long the Victorian Assenmbly will royeol in rowdi ness, if it does not ontiroely throw into the sliade the Lowori House of the, sister. colony. It was certainly a clover:move to appoint the " Dove of Ararat' l Chairman of Coulntittees for the evening, and thua to gqt. rid of for the sitting one of the most persistent anddeomontrative of theo" Stone wall Brigade." But Mr. M'Lellan is only one of a typo of which, unfortunately for its repdutation, the Assembly can alshow but taboo many specimena, and tli1herforel foio the honour of the) colony the sooner his Excel lency attlend. to prorog1o till' 00esioli tlhe better will it be:' ,Arldijbot 0alone in tile Assemibly does the baronieter point to "stormy." The Presby terian General Assembly is threatenod with a recurrence of tihe lively titese experielln ceil. during the " strong collnoversy." Certain nmembers of the body named are determlined that fish shall not: bl made of o0li0 gentleman and flash of another. The lteverend Ito. ay has sounded the note of preparation by demanding, the production of certain.'"milutes" iin regard to the ro fundl of the Assemibly. to. sustain. the call ofti Reldverend Mr. odis to the ', Scots" church; and after an .aniwlat d and lengthy, debate. has. cariiedd a' motion for tilhe prodhctioin of. the llppi?,in Mr. Harper's case.,'It may be remari:ked thliit this gentlemani :who is the Proiddoet of tihe 1'rosbyterian Ladies' College admit nid that .f? he was not in harmony with the receivod doctrine of the church in'1regard to the attonoment," and was, despite this admis sion, permitted to retain' his position a1s an :Elder of t?e':Cairna Memo1rial Church. There are oevidently livelyy tin0es in otore for thile,revorond brethren ofthe Prebyte .rian Assembly. From Ht1l1 ,to time 0ye .still hear mention manule of Federation.' Tht is now ' a n mer word" to juggle with.' To talk of Imperial unity while every potty pro. vince is hedged rond11111 by Custom house11011 officer on gulard id tile sheerht of noslnslO. If, ovidene wereo w'aintinlg of the utter ,hollowness of the desire fir 'f One flhot, one flag, uone life, .one thlonlu"e as the Lalureate hlas it, it is fortheoliilmlg il? the recent di5eisusionl in the l New South Wales Assemobly, where a ra ilwaly line pro posed by thel?linistry was rejoiU dby a largo majority because " it wolld have a tendency to fead the Victorian railways." , The firce in couninction with thioreliobal of the ?oelbolrne Hospitllli. is' still hb:ing plllayed Iby the Select C,tiihlitth, ilf thie' Legilhatlive Coiuenil, appoiinted'i.0on the Ilotion of Dr. Ileny, with: the aplproval anlt sanction of the (tovernlllnent. Witnessn ift.ri witness is beinlg brought folrward to holster ilp the forogone conuhsion arrived lt, not1 toSallow the proseat site of the Infilding to ble disposed of, and's"new Iho pital to b1 oredted in 1 m1or1 nitable loda lity out': of th1e prdlele,,l of- the 'sale. Ignoring'faats and atdti.otis, soua of: tlhe 0tedicl g?ntblooan e:.?1mitied havIe atied that the doatil ratel i1n the geLrms1 Otlittl'lad .mirdls compalres favou: ,ably with that of similar inlstitulltns , e in oll'hir .countries. loyond tlheir ow1101 conveninllruit il dilileult to understand wlia"a 0h11o Iof t'le I.6a ling practitioliers of the tile(r ll,1lis can find to redotmmend-the continlhance of the prin cipal'charitabli inlltit*ituinoulf Victoria on i0 site whiih lco ld beI mir0..profit bly. utililad, and il a building 'pron runO ,1 on high'scientifle authority to be 't s'tulrateI with pymin!a';" to wliich theo vietimul ,f acidentslimpforo t tley' oy 11' Ilnt bh taken, and wiithin whose preacints one of 't'de lead. ing surgeons of theu olony.plaiivilily re fusescto undeulttke any oprlltilos,b:eliiillvi that ifowerer succeasfully performlu d, they must eventu illy; result in the dcitli of the pitiOnt ,f0rom hospital, gangreinl. Public opinion.is however madle oitl on the matter, and the Mielbourno Hospital will sooner or later ceoas.to occupy its pIresenlt site.Wiha the Government n0 galil by the referenel to tll) Select Cowlnttee- of thei Culloil of . mal1ter so tulirlly now l)olitical is hllrd to see Pl'ehaps Itr. Gillics do,-ires thl questioni If granting a n110w oito a1)d ilaciunlg sum10 l;n th0e t'ti?ahl.t to I sll it in btilding the n00w iuitit:ltiol, to bIe do it with by 11his l)t)0oi0'. to Lialt cL1E hi-0 0o0lr00 of ia0ticl)n t1, lie :xphtlined. Mr. Bent. Mr. ~tlnero, or Mrl. 1Ilttuel'son may yet havo t,) dleal withL tihe lustter as Miu istero, injtoall of . uleutlbers of thle O)po sition. ?lhenov?,r a wi'eelk o)Oeiil' at the en tr1t0ncl to Port lPhillipl le ls, thl bltilm, of the disonter is solughtil to, ie sOhllcd o t1 th pilot1. ''The strandinlg of thle tlineusoe cloae to) Point LonsIlllt is InI exclpltion to this rule, and thle Govero lren)t ollicials are evideatly bent oin compllllin tile persons S0whoso duty it is to guide the shipping arriving in Victorian waters to a safe anchorage in IIobson's Bay, to'do so at as heavy anl outlay as possible. The two siuart Pshooners, the Rip and Wave, the shipping authorities desire to see super R.oded by a " fast and powerful steamer " at the cost of the 'pilots; of course. The' Government appears quite to ignore that, owing to its own act in neglecting to pro vide a lighthouse between the Otway and the (Heads, on the south-western coast, iost of the wrecks that have occurred near' the entrancemto the port are dclue. Were a light'erscted on some spot opposite the Schank; say at Point Addis, or Point Roadknight,' vessels approaching the Ieads from the westward would do so in comparative security 'as to their exact position. The long stretch of coast bb twvoen Cape' Otway and Point Lonsdale,.' should no longer be allowed to remain in` the state of darkness, which far more than.: any laches of the pilots, contributes to swell the list of maritime disasters in' Victorian waters. October 18. 