REVIEW. CHRISTIAN PATIENCE.* THAT venerable prelate, the Bight BeV. Dr. TJllathorne, O.S.B., Bishop of Birmingham, who commenced his missionary work fifty-four years ago in Australia, and spent six years ministering to a partly ttee and largely coftviot settlement at Botany has contributed to Catholic literature a very valuable volume in "Christian Patienee: the Strength and Discipline of the Soul." The work made its appearance about the time of the 40th anniversary of his Lordship's oonsecration, and at a period of life when if the natural decay of the intellectual faculties has not commenced they have attained the highest possible cultivation, and therefore may be exercised With the utmost advantage on an obstrsse theological and philosophical treatise suoh aft these lectures on Cbristianio patience ooa*> stitutes. Dr. Ullatborne had previously written on the " Endowments of Man" and on " Humility, as the Groundwork of the Virtues," and a train of thought so begun and connected is farther prosecuted in. fitting eequenee by this disquisition aft that virtue whioh, of all others, most distinguished the saints in their intercourse with sinners. In the twelve lectures whioh make up the volume the great virtue from which it derives its title is treated under varions heads, and tbe several conditions under whioh Christians are oalled upon to practice it are plainly described. An allied subject— Christian Fortitude — is embraced in the course; the Gift of the,Holy Ghost is the title of another lecture, and there is also one on Prayer, which is introductory to that on Patience in Prayer immediately succeeding. Notwithstanding the great age of the venerable author, there is no evidence of failing powers in this his latest work. An intimate and extensive knowledge of patriotic theology is a striking feature in the work, and one that in the estimation of the stadeat invests it with a special value, and by students or contemplative persons oapable of comprehending rather subtle theologioal distinctions and higher truths, the lectures, or, as we should prefer to say, the treatise in several divisions, will he most eBteemed. It will, as it seems to us, he most useful in the study or the cloister, though very much that it contains might be turned to good aooount in the pulpit, or applied with much profit to the moBt ordinary as well as the highest duties and ooncerns of life. For, whilst the style is clear andconoise, and the reasoning luoid and convincing, the oonolusions are not applied in that homely, practical fashion best calculated to produce a oonsoious impression, and a lasting effect on an ordinary congregation. Henoe, it appears to us that whilst the leotures might with profit be studied as a text book by most preachers, or read as meditations in religious houses, they are hardly suited for delivery to listeners not possessing more than average intelligence; and it is not, indeed, at ail likely that their gifted author expected that a liberal use would be made of them in a wider sphere. The print and binding of the Volume sustain the reputation of the eminent publishing firm by wnomit has been itftaed. "Burns and Oatea, Loadon, THE Admiralty have issued an order that in future no marriages solemnised on board Her Majesty's ships will be legal unless the ceremony be performed by a minister in holy orders of the Church of England, Ireland, or Scotland, or by a priest of file Soman C*tfco< lie Church. LONDON Truth thus touches up the Tories: —"When Pharaoh deelined to 1st the Israelites go, Moses did not stick at trifles, but rained down plagues upon Egyptians. We must follow Ins example. Lord Salisbury must not sleep on a bed of roses. . .We must be a militant party. By resolutions, by bills, by amendments, we must break up an unholy alliance, whose bond of union is the coercion of our fellow-oduntirympn, add setback to the Constitutional practice tliat the party in office is the party which l&fthe; majority in the House of Commons." ' WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS IA a delightful beverage, as Sgwteable to the taste as its propferfi© ate beneficial to the health. 