The Masonic Ball, Toowoom'ba, To transform a bare an dreary hall into a smiling and brilliant ball-room is no easy task, but this was most satisfactorily accomplished in Toowoomba under Paton's directions, at the Masonic ball held in the Town Hall, on Friday, March 26th. Brother Paton, who afterwards did the honors of M.C , threw his whole decorative soul into his work, and, with with some able and willing assistants, achieved a marvellous success. No sight has yet been seen in Toowoomba such as the one which greeted the eyes of the brethren and their fair partners upon entering the hall that night. Evergreens, plants, and abundance of flags—with Masonic banners (emblematical of some deep mysteries of the craft) combined to make a most gorgeous, pretty, and unique effect. And then the dresses of the company. There is a charming satisfaction to even an ordinary artistic mind at beholding in a ball-room a character and style of dress suitable to the face and figure of the dancer. This adaptation at the Masonic ball prevailed almost universally, and though black was the predomi nating color affected by the married ladies, the many recherche styles into which it was manipulated made a tout ensemble, that all but rivalled the supreme efforts of the single ladies. Mrs Kilham looked perfection in a black broche bodice and black grenadine skirt, trimmed with deep lace flouncings and old-gold, chrysanthemums and ferns. Mrs. Dickson, in all black, was Grace personified, and danced as daintily as a German angel. Mrs.Dut ton appeared in black grenadine lace, with rich satin tablier handsomely beaded. Mrs. Silverwood, a lady new to Toowoomba ballrooms, and whose affable manners and lady-like bearing won golden opinions, was attired in black satin, lace, and grenadine, trimmed with cream and cardinal, roses, and a black satin merveilleux bodice. Mrs. Groom also chose black. Mrs. Barnett, in blue, with silver spangles and white marabout feathers, looked very pro nounced. Mrs. Wright, black with silver flowers. Mrs. McDowall was tastefully dressed in black satin, with lace and pale-pink chrysanthemums. Mrs. Roberts, some prettily-mixed self-colors, trimmed with pale-blue and old gold tips. Mrs. Griffiths looked most becoming in black, with gold braid. Mrs. Hugh Pointer drew admiring eyes with a black grenadine lace skirt and satin bodice, trimmed with pale-pink roses and a profusion of narrow pink ribbons on skirt. Most queenly did Mrs. Boys bear herself, and looked quite majestic in a costume of rich olive-green broche, trimmed with deep cream lace and cream roses. Mrs. Jenkins looked also very stately in black velvet and lace, with a profusion of scarlet chrysanthemums and roses. Mrs. Ross in cream sateen skirt and cardinal satin bodice looked very attractive, as did Mrs. Nesbitt in pink. With the costumes of the single ladies, it would be almost invidious to particularise, they outshone each other. Miss Kilham, in pale-blue trimmed with pink, looked very dangerous, and her programme was in great demand. Miss Annie Kilham was most ravish ing in white Brussels Net and lace, and appeared supremely contented. Miss Hartmann's tall and graceful figure was shown to advantage in a soft looking white muslin. Miss Bloom looked well in prune satin and cream gossamer draperies. Miss Stirling wore cream with high satin bodice ; and Miss Snell was in black satin and lace, with cardinal roses. Miss Maxwell, black and gold. Miss Eliza Perkins in cream skirt and cardinal bodice. Miss Fannie Perkins in cream with broche bodice. Miss Boys looked, as she always does, very attractive, and ap peared in white, with pale-pink chrysanthemums and maiden hair ferns. Miss McLeish was most charmingly attired in cream lace and Brussels Net, with pink satin corslet, trimmed with beads. Miss Harding made a decided impression, and was gracefully attired in pink. Miss Black, -who on all sides was declared belle, and was sought after the whole evening, having lovers for every flounce she wore, had on a white satin costume, draped with white net, and studded with silvered tinsel, and silver flowers. " There were eyes that followed that muslin light As it circled down the floor, For the belle of the night, that fluttering white, With its silver'd tinsel woie." The efforts of one or two to form a clique in no way affected the enjoyment of the company, and met with the contempt it deserved. A highly polished floor, fair music, and youth and beauty intent on en joyment, could only result satisfactorily. Good music is a sine qua non, and for the expense incurred, better music should have resulted. A little diversion was caused during the " ladies' chain" in one of the figures, Benvenuti's fiddle-string broke, and the dancers were halted in position while he attended to his instrument. A few of those who preferred cards and cigars to the dancing floor, secluded themselves in the card-room. The impressive sight of the evening was the proces sion of the Brethren, in full royal arch regalia (the principals being robed and crowned) through the arch of steel, no hitch observable anywhere. Amongst the gentlemen, a few good dancers were discerned, but, on the whole, the marching of the Brethren was more exact than their dancing. Mrs. Dickson's disciples displayed, with conscious superiority, their recent careful tuition in the four forward and four back, etc. The catering of Mr. Lamb was a decided triumph. Altogether the city of Eedmud can score another to their many successful balls. The second meeting of the Hughenden Quadrille Assembly took place at the Divisional Hall, a day or two later than proposed, in consequence of Judge Noel and the Crown Prosecutor, Mr. Daley being on circuit there. This was made an excuse for the affair taking the shape of a regular Invitation Ball. There were a good many visitors in Town, a number of whom availed themselves of the opportunity offered for a dance, and when all were present, and dancing in full swing, the scene in the large and well lighted Hall was both animated and brilliant, and the music (principally contributed by the good natured Mr. Snyed) was all that could be desired. The programme of eighteen dances (besides extras) was brought to a close, at half past three in the morning, by a lively and much enjoyed " Sir Eoger de Coverly." Some of the ladies' toilets were both elaborate and beautiful, as may be judged from the following:—Mrs. Goldring in ivory brouche satin, with pale pink flowers, undoubtedly took the palm as the best dressed, as well as prettiest woman in the room. Mrs. Cobden displayed her usual good taste, and looked remarkably well in cream lace skirt, pink satin bodice, and pale pink flowers. A costume of black silk and velvet, relieved by a broad pink satin scarf, worn by Mrs. Voss, looked both handsome and becoming; as also" did Mrs. Mac G-roarty's black satin, and net with cardinal flowers. Miss Gilles made a most pleasing appearance in cream muslin skirt and dark blue satin bodice, trimmed with cream lace, Mrs. Irvine in cream nun's-veiling, blue satin bodice and white flowers, looked light and elegant. Mrs. Scowen's dress of cream lace over salmon satin, with light brown scarf, looked tasteful and becoming. Mrs. Donovan, in black silk, with cardinal flowers, looked well, as usual. Mrs. Byrn, in grey lustre. Mrs. Ward, in violet velveteen. Miss Byrn, in cream broche, with cream nun's-veiling mixed with pink ribbons, very pretty. Miss Dot Ward, cream lustre skirt and cream broche bodice; and Miss M. Ward, in cream lace skirt, trimmed with blue silk, and cream satin bodice, both looked well. The fact of Judge Noel, the special guest of the evening, return ing from the festive scene at a very early hour, in no way interfered with, or damped the spirits of the proceedings, as his " brother of the Bar," Mr. Daley, fully made up for any loss sustained by his absence. The Judge's early retirement was not considered complimentary. A lady, commenting upon it, re marked to me, that he (the Judge) "was no Judge (of feminine attraction, I presume) or he would never have left the society of so many charming ladies " in the manner he did. I think, perhaps, a little more than the usual amount of enjoyment was extracted out of this social gathering, and probably not the least by those who aviled themselves of the facilities offered, by the cool and shady verandaH to do a "mash" or quiet flirtation. [Another account ap peared in last issue.—Ed. Fig.] Grand ball to be given under the patronage of the Excelsior Kifle Club, at Maytown, on 24th May. 60 couples expected. The Divisional Board Hall has been engaged. Every man is expected to do his duty, at least on th.ic occasion, and bring a lady. The Princess of Wales and her daughters were very nearly being unpleasantly involved in the recent London riots. She was about to drive into the park when a working man shouted to the coach man that there was trouble, and he instantly turned the horses, and drove off as fast as their legs would carry them to Marlborough House. On Monday, March 29th, at St. Luke's Church, Toowoomba, the popular F. 0. Warren bade good-bye to bachelordom, and took unto himself a wife. His endeavour to keep it quiet and almost unknown, eventuated in everybody somehow knowing it, and resulted in a big muster of friends at the church For the nonce, notwithstanding light trousers, lavender gloves and tie, white waistcoat, and a choice little flower in the buttonhole of a well-fitting, cut away coat, Warren was only second in importance, and all eyes were riveted on his lady love (the bright eyed Lizzie Oelkers) who, with her bridesmaids and attendants, was escorted up the aisle by Mr. Dutton, whilst Mrs. Dutton played lively strains on the organ. The bride was arrayed in a cream-spot Sookah muslin, handsomely draped with lace, and wore a wreath of orange blossoms, over which trailed nearly to the ground a long Chantilly veil. In her hand a magnificent bouquet of white flowers. She was attended by two bridesmaids, Miss Giles (the bride's step-sister), and Miss Florrie Coran, both of whom wore cieam nun's-veiling, tastefully made. Mrs. Giles, the mother of the bride, wore a rich costume of heliotrope silk, and white lace bonnet, trimmed with heliotrope ribbons. The bride was given away by Mr. Dutton, Mr. Gripp acting as groomsman. At the close of the ceremony, Mrs. Dutton performed Mendelsohn's March on the organ, and the happy couple drove off, amidst plenteous showers of rice, to the residence of the bride's parents, where they were seated to a splendid break fast. After the usual toast and well-wishes had been responded to the company departed. The newly united pair took possession of the new house in Neil street, that evening. Among the wedding presents, which were numerous, were some handsome articles of silver plate. During the night, a number of the members of the Philharmonic Society, conducted by Mr. Dutton, serenaded the young couple. The music selected was that well-known melody— " Hail, Smiling Morn." The piece was well-rendered. F. C. W. was awakened out of a comfortable snooze, and could not for a little while understand what all the disturbance was, until he heard a bass Scotch voice break in with the final—" When darkness flees awa', flees awa'." The happy couple again got peace until a little after midnight, when unearthly noises broke the stillness of the night. This time it was the music of the bells. Some friends, jovial bachelor companions, no doubt, turned a bullock inside the garden fence. To this quadruped was attached a bell, and round and round the house the beast marched, as if it had been in training for the work for months previous. Rumour states that during the wee stria' hours there was seen a form resembling a small ghost with a clothes-prop in full pursuit after that animal, but no tidings have come to hand as to whether the intruder was captured. I wish Mr. and Mrs. Warren many years of happiness. An amateur concert, in aid of the Roman Catholic Church, was given at Port Douglas on St. Patrick's evening and was a great success, the attendance being perhaps the largest ever present at an enter tainment in the town, and the concert itself acknow; ledged to be the best and most enjoyable yet given in Port Douglas. Mesdames Brown, Gregory, and Donnelly; the Misses Walsh, Howard, Hartley, Baird, P. Howard, and O'Brien; and Messrs. De Couret, H. W. Smith, Beach, Payne, Collins, Henry, O'Donoghue, Gardner, MacNamara, Roberts, and Wilson; and Master Baird, were the contributers to the programme of this entertainment. An interesting wedding took place at the Wesleyan Church, Pimpama, on the 25th ult., when Miss Eva Lahey was united to the Revd. W. H. Harrison, in the presence of a large number of friends, the Revd. Mr. Duesbury, of Toowoomba, conducting the ceremony. The presents were numerous and useful, and the cake, a veritable giant, was made by the bride herself. About 60 people were present at the breakfast, where Mr. Duesbury proposed the health of the happy couple, who left for Sandgate at 4 o'clock, where they are spending the honeymoon, prior to going North to Charters Towers, to which place the Revd. gentleman has been removed. Toowoomba ladies ;should not talk so loud while promenading the streets. This is what I was com pelled to hear the other day: " Oh ! he is a darling ; if we had only had him at our stall at the bazaar. Did you see what he did with the blue jar ?" The marriage of Mr. Andrew Petrie with Miss Luya will take place next week at St. Andrew's (C.E.), South Brisbane. 