CHAP. II.-THE ELEPnAXI-TAMEB'S CTÙXD. NEXT morning, Box Khan entered on hie duties as the mahout ot the elephant Shaitán, According to his prediction, Shaitán, after thc severe lesBon it had received, remained quiet and made no attempt to attack bim. Thc animal wonld not, however, allow any one else to approach it; and an unfortunate foddei coolie, who carelessly went within its reaol while throwing it a bundle of grass, received a blow from its trunk that sent him to the hospital for several dayB. Bax Kbin had consequently himself to do all the work connected with tho elephant-tc feed and bathe it, and to dress its sores -end to clean out its stable. He took it every day to work ; and it wrought steadily and quietly, without evincing the slighest disposition 'to attack any of-the other elephants. In fact Shaitán became to all intents and purposes a perfectly, steady, hard working elephant, with the single fault, that it was extremely dangerous for any person but its mahout to go near it. The feat that Bax Kbán had performed in subduing Shaitán made him, in the eyes of all who were.employed at the kheddah, & sort of hero. None o! them, however, could under- stand the strange power he seemed to exercise over the savage brute. Many of them attri- buted it to magic An impudent fodder coolie ventured to ask him one day what was the charm he employed. Bat so fierce was tho scowl with which the Afghan responded to the-question, that the man turned hastily away, and never afterwards dared tb speak to him. The peculiar temper and disposition of the elephant-tamer only served to confirm the opinion of his fellows that there was some- thing uncanny aoout him. He was very taci- turn, never opoalciog ezcopt on mattera of business. Frequently, though addressed in a friendly manner, he would make no reply. When not at work, he would Hit smoking for hoars near bis elephant, with his eyes on the ground, silent and motionIessrand apparently oblivious of all surrounding*'. He would not associate with any of his fellow-mahouts, bat cooked his own meals and ate'them by him- self. Bax Kb:Vi, however,, won golden opinions from Captain Eaton by thc way he did his work. Siaitáa rapidly improved in condition and temper, and became as valuable and useful an animal as any in the kheddah. About three days after his installation as Shaitán's mahout, Bax, Khan applied one afternoon for an honrs leave of absence. On his return, be brought with him a. little boy, aboat five years oldt who was evidently his son, though as unlike him ia many respects as it was possible to be. The build was ex- ceedingly pretty, c." a bright olive'ccmplexion, with un oval face, regular features, great soft black eyes, and long, dark carling hair, de- scending to his shoulders. He was dressed in bright-colored clothes, and wore gold bangles and anklets. As BuxKhánentered thekheddah \- carrying tho child, its beauty immediately at- tracted the attention of the people standing near, and many friendly remarks were made aud solutions uttered. The Afghan, however, made no reply, and took no notice of anybody, but carried tbe child straight to his hut at the back of Shaitán's stable. There he remained undisturbed, every parson in thc kheddah having by this time learned better than to thrust his company or conversation on the elephant-tamer unbidden. It very soon became evident that Bax Kbán waa passionately fond of bis child, and. also exceedingly jealous of any attentions paid to it. He resented unmistakably any attempt on the part of strangers to patronise or net the child, and would not allow it to play wish the other children in the kheddah, of whom there were many. He rarely let it out of his sight, and tended it as carefully and gently as a mother her first-born. The ohild was as. fond of him as he of it, and would lie in bia lap as he eat smoking, pulling his beard with its little hands and laughing in his face with childish glee. At snob. timeB, something like the ghost of a grim smile would pass over the elephant- tamer's rigid features, only to be exchanged for a dark frown,, should any stranger pass by and witness the' little scene. < Something which happened one day effect-' nally pat a stop to any farther disposition i>n the part of the people in the kheddah to take notice pf the ohild. Observing-one of "the elephant attendants to be gazing very earnestly at the ohild as it waa playing about, Bax Kbán immediately concluded be was casting an evil eye on it. Starting to his feet, : the Afghan seized a heavy cudgel and rushed' at tho man. Luckily for himself, the fellow, waa a nimble runner, and succeeded in escaping unhurt. The matter was reported to Captain Eaton, and he was at first disposed to punish Bax Kb in for the unprovoked attack ; but. of terwards decided to pass it over, as the maa attacked had not been burt, and he thought it would do more harm than good to take notice of it. Nothing was known of the mother of the child; but there was a dark, rumor carrent in the kheddah that Bax Kbán. hod in a fit of. jealousy murdered his wife, "a young girl to whom he had been devoutedly at«' tocked, andhadsince gone mad with remorse^ One thing was certain, no one ventetedTto question him on the subject. - Several weeks passed away ond Contain Eaton bad seen no reason to chonga the good opinion he hod formed of the elephant-tamer. He was by far the best mahout io tbe khed-. doh ; and his sobriety, steadiness, and rega Urity made bim a model to all the others.- His - good conduct soon brought him an unexpec- ted reward. . >: . For'soma time past, Eaton had been dis- satisfied with tho conduct of the jemadar, bis i head-man. He was getting very old, and being of an easy, kindly disposition, had al- ' lowed many irregularities to creep into the daily work at the kheddab, the consequence being that discipline was mach relaxed. An- ' other thing that troubled Captain Eaton wes that a batch of elephants had recently arrived at the kheddah from Lower Bengal, the mahouts and coolies in charge of which were the worst he had ever hod to deal with. They Were most of them Iow-oasteHindus, and wera a noisy, drunken, turbulent lot, ever giving trouble, and taxing Eaton's patienoe to the j utmost. Drunken orgies, followed fights, had of late been of frequent occurrence;' while j several of the men being confirmed bang smokers, were often incapable ot work. Com/ ¡ plaints ot petty thefts in the kheddah had shd become common. Captain Eaton hod,dis miaaed one or two and flogged others without improving matters mach, and was nowat'his wita-' end. He determined to penaion off the old jemadar and appoint another min uvhis place, on whom he could rely to assist him lb restoring order and discipline; nor had he far to look. In Bax Kbán he had 1 mao ta bis hand, whom all respected or feared; and whose giant strength, cool courage, and iron nature fitted him above all others to rule tar. "baient and reckless characters. Though then wera several elderly mahouts who, by tight of Mnioriif taft good eondoct, wt» entilad ( to tne pMt ol jemadar, Eaton was not long iq ^ , making np his mind to appoint the Afghar. - Having decided on this step, he sent for him -. ' at once. - ? " Bax Kbán," he said, when thc elephant tamer presented himself, " I bavo sent ior yon to tell von that I am greatly pleased with the way in which yon have conducted yourself. since you entered my service." \ if Bax Kbán salaamed, but made no reply. " I am therefore about to reward you, and to raise you to a post of great responsibility '' and trust : I intend to make you jemadar." ' Bax Kbán salaamed again, but without any expression of surprise or pleasure: - - " You know the trouble we have had rc cently " with those Bengalees ; I shall Tely on you-to put down all disturbances and irregularities." " Sahib 1" replied BuxKháo, not boastfully* but with quiet conviction, " I am one whom . - men obey. I will keep those Hindu dogs in - order." . : ' - ' So the elephant-tamer was made jemadar ; . and the wisdom of the appointment-was soon . manifest. At first, thero waa some natural v " grumbling and discontent; bat it was eoon recognised that Bax Kbáa was in his right v place. So great was the respect all had for him, and so strong was the feeling among the bad characters of the kheddah that it was a proceeding of no ordinary peril to disobey or thwart the new jemadar, that in a few dayB the turbulent were overawed, the drunkards and bang-smokers frightened into keeping ~ sober, and the petty thieves induced to drop their objectionable habits. Something happended, however, one day to make Captain Eaton regret for the time . . . that he bad made Bus Kbán jemadar. He ? . was standing in tho kheddah, and saperin- ~ tending an operation that was being per. formed on an elephant named Shaitán, and twenty or thirty yards, stood .Sbaitán in its . stable. In front of it, but oat of ita reach Box Kbän's little son was playing about, bat, strange to say, Bax Kbán himself was not in Eight. He had suddenly been called away to attend to some important duty, and for once had let his child out of his eight, when sud- . denly one of the men who was assisting at the operation exclaimed: "Sahib, Sahib I look at tho child 1 Allah preserve it 1" - Looking quickly up, Captain Eaton sai^ to his horror, that Box Khan's child had & -. his play approached within reach of Sbaitán, Almost before he could realise the danger, he . saw Sbaitán stride forward to the full length of hie ¿íains, and stretching out his trun|, eeize the child round the budy. Tho ohi f.? was but amere feather-weight to the elephant, and with one twist of its powerful trunk, ii ' threw him into the air over ita ßhoulder infer the stable behind. The little fellow fell on to a heap of fodder, and Shaitán was turning round to eeize him, when Captain Eaton rushed to the child's rescue. .. .... He waa only just in time. Leaning up against the stable wall was an elephant- spear, with which he gave the brute a thrust, caus- ing it to turn on him, and with one blow to , to strike the spear ont of his hands. Before - the elephant could strike again, Captain Eaton darted past it, and seizing the ohild by tho arm, tried to drag him oat of the stable. ' ' As he stooped to grasp tho child's arm, the elephant kicked ont violently, and the gallant rescuer was hurled heavily against the stable - wall, He fortunately fell in such a positiop that Shaitán could not easily get at hin:. Nevertheless, the bruto made a thrust Bide- - ways at him with its tusks, one of which passed through the loosa part of bis coat, grazing his side. Before Shaitán could re- . peat the thrust, a spaar, thrown by one pf the men who had hastened to their master's as< siatance, struck tbe ferocious animal. With a roar of pain, the brute threw ita head np, wbereupsn Eaton seized the opportunity to roll sideways out of its reach, dragging the child with him. Having failed in its murder- ous intention?, Shailán, after rumbling with rage for a few moments, commenced to eat again, as if nothing bad happened. Meanwhile, the captain had carried the child to his office and examined him to see if he was burt. To his surprise, he fonnd him uninjured. His having fallen on the bundle of fodder, when the elephant threw him into the air, had saved the child from breaking anybonc3. That evening, as Captain Eaton sat amok* ing in hts verandah after dinner, Bax Kbán - stalked in, and standing before him, salaamed deeply two or three time3 without saying a word ; then touching his master's knees and feet, and afterwards his own forehead, he salaamed again, and walked silently away. And the Englishman kuew bettor than if Bax Kbáa had spent an hour in protestations, that he had in tho jemadar a devoted follower, bound to hioi by tiio tia of a gratitude deep and lasting. This new outbreak of Shaitán's decided . Captain Eaton to get rid ol it st once, as too - dangerous an animal to keep in the kheddah. - ' He determined tc shoot it next day. Bat he was saved the trouble. Early next morning, before he went to his office, art old mahout presented himself at the bungalow. "Will ¿the Sahib please come down to the kheddah atanco?" ho said. "We have something to. show him." , ;ïv V,What is the matter?" .-" 8h'ftítán is dead," replied the man. ' ' j "Dead! What did he die ol?" '. He has been lilied," waa tho reply, j J Captain Eaton at once hurried down to the /kheddah, and went straight to Shaitán's -?stable. There lay the elephant on its sida, dead,' in a great pool of blood. An examina showed that it had received two deep thrusts behind the left fore-leg, both of which must / have penetrated its heart. The epear with whioh tbe wounds had evidently been inflioted -? was lying an the floor of the stable. There I waa no occasion to ahk Tiho had done the deed. I There was but ono man in the khedd&h-wbo; 1 -, I had sufficient strength and courage, as every . : . one knew, and that waa Bax KMn, the jema- ? "dar.-' He hod clearly, during the night, taken - vengeance on the elephant for its attack on his-child. Eaton at once sent for him'and - taxed him with the offence. The Afghan did - not attempt to deny it, and his face darkened - end his eyes gleamed as he said grimly : " It U tro», Sahib ; I killed it." . Captún Eaton spoke severely to him, point iifgout to bim the gravity cf the offence he had committed ; bat in his heart he sympath- ised with tho man, and was glad the danger- ous creature had tima been disposed of. Bax Khán listened silently, and made no attempt, to exculpate himself. It was well for him that Îthe death of the elephant had already been - decided on. He had merely forestalled the order which would have been given next day, i and was consequently lightly punished by a . trifling fine. Had any other man than Bax - Kbán been the offender, he would not only. \- have been dismissed, bat probably have been committed to jail. The jemadar was too valu- able a man, however, to lose: andhisEnglish i.?? master was glad of any excuse to pass over the - matter. He took care, however, to let every v 1 one employed at tbe kheddah know the reason - ¿. for his leniency, warning them at the same - * : time that any attempt to kill or injure any J-' elephant in the futuro would be visited with /the«verestpunishment. _ -N -<^ (CONCLUDED, IN oun HEXT.) - y «pe Good Old Tioics." ?^^oidtimea were not good times, at least - \ for servants. Hereisa deed which; now-a- ' days, ,would be deemed most brutal ond - unmanly, recorded ia "Pepys's Diary" os _../.". rather commundable thin otherwise:- ' "December2,1G80.-This morning, observ-. -v ing some things to be laid up not as they . should be by my girl, I took o broom and ; basted her till abe oricd exceedingly." , ' NOTHING ia-easier than fault finding. No ? : " '.aient, no self-denial, no brains, no character, - , ore required to set .np in tluT graniblinf w boauesi. 1 -.V. - . -. 