fortuit g ffulUtiu, ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1886. WAS IT CHOLERAS WHILE the " Dorunda " and her officers, crew, and the immigrants who came out by her, were yet in quarantine, com- paratively little was said about the disease which led to their detention, and not a great deal about the manner in which affairs were conducted on Peel Island. There were some com- plaints, and these increased during the long weeks that the people were on the island, scorched sometimes by the blazing heat of summer, and at others damped by the showers which fell with unusual frequency during the latter part of their life of seclusion. Now, however, the quarantine is at an end, the immigrants are able to com- municate freely with the world, and some of them have been giving vent to their feelings. How far their complaints are justified it is hard to say, but we observe that the metro- politan Press is demanding a full and searching investigation into the whole Of the circumstances connected with the ! quarantine. This seems to be very I desirable, and it would be advisable at the same time to inquire into those other circumstances, which led to the "Dorunda" being taken to Moreton Bay, rather than quarantined at Magnetic Island, near which she lay at the time the news of the virulence of i the disease was communicated to the Government. We cannot overlook the extraordinary unpreparedness of ! the authorities, and the culpable bungling which took place when the sickness was reported. It was known months before that cholera had appeared in places not very far distant j from the Austral ian coast, and full warn- ing was given to prepare for an outbreak here. The Press pointed out how great j the danger was ; the Central Board of Health took notice of it ; and in many ways the Government were reminded ! that cholera was not for distant, that it might be brought here at any time by the British-India or other boats, and that they would he held responsible if they did not at once adopt the most i energetic measures to suppress it if it should reach our shores. When cholera was reported from Townsville the authorities seem to have been quite taken by surprise, and could not decide whether to detain the vessel whereshe was, or to take her on to Brisbane. The latter course having been adopted, it seems to have been more by good luck than any- thing else that the disease was not communicated to thc mainland, and the mere fact that it was confined to the immigrants has helped to confirm a very strong impression that it was not true Asiatic cholera from which they suffered. It was said to be Batavian cholera, but Batavian cholera, so far as we can discover, is no other than ordinary Asiatic cholera. It is very remarkable that those who were attacked did not communicate the disease more freely and more rapidly to others. Those who landed at Cooktown were, not in any way affected by it ; and we observe that it is now asserted that when the vessel was at Cooktown the existence of some such malady on board was known, but was not reported. The medical gentleman who went on board at Townsville and personally inspected the patients, escaped contagion, as also did («hose with whom he came into contact immediately after leaving them. The ship's officers and crew, and also the saloon passengers, appear to have en- joyed an extraordinary immunity from it ; and yet all that we read and hear ; of cholera outbreaks leads to the belief I that, such isolation would have been almost impossible had it been true cholera; and the occou n ts of thepersistence i and vagariesofthediseasccarry conviction with them. The dread of cholera is great, and it is no wonder that in the other colonies such strong protests were made against the action of the Queensland Government ia bringing it down, the coast to a point BO many hundred miles nearer than it need have been, and to a port through which was conducted the greater portion of the commerce of Queensland with the other colonies. It was felt that the lives of the people were subjected to very great and un- necessary danger, and that there was a possibility, or even proba- bility, that such restrictions would have to be put upon commerce as would cause very serious loss and inconvenience. Happily, however, these anticipations were not realized, for the disease, whate ver it was, has proved to be of quite a tractable kind, and it may be said of it that almost immediately the people were put ashore und released from the confinement of the ¿hip they began to improve, and their health rapidly recovered. If this was really the much dreaded Asiatic cholera, it »nude its first appearance in Australia in a wonderfully mild form, and we shall have reason to be grateful, should it unfortunately appear again, if the results do not prove more disastrous. It is because of the doubts which have been entertained in respect to the nature of the attack, we presume, that the Government have decided to appoint a board to inquire into the outbreak of cholera on the *' Dorunda," and into the nature of the disease. This is really a matter of some moment, and we are glad to see that the gentlemen who have been selected are men of recognised ability as medical practitioners. It would have been advisable, perhaps, to have also one or two others, whose sym- pathies were those rather of the general public than of the medical -fraternity, Ordinary persons sometimes see things in a different light to that in which doctors view them, and the latter arc not quite so capable as men of business as some others. The danger is that thc four gentlemen who have been appointed to the Board of Inquiry, being member! of the Central Board of Health, will re- gard matters too much from a Central Board of Health point of view; and if it [ was on the recommendation of that body that the " Dorunda " was brought to Moreton Bay, they may overlook a very important point of the inquiry. We have been informed, however, that action was taken in that instance without the advice of the Board, whose existence, in his excitement, the Premier quite over- looked. We may, therefore, hope that efforts will be made to ascertain how tbe sickness arose; whether it was really Asiatic cholera, or merely some other complaint which ought to be distinguish- able to medical men ; and whether the immigrants suffered more than they ; otherwise would have done through ' being taken down to Moreton Bay, instead of being at once freed from the restraints of ship life, by being landed at the Quarantine Station beside which the vessel was lying when the first inti- mation of the sickness was telegraphed to the authorities in Brisbane. The result of this inquiry will be looked foi ward to with considerable interest. WE are glad to learn that there ta at : length a prospect of spirits being induced to render some genuine service to mankind, In speak- ing thus we may explain, to avoid any mis- conception, that wc do not allude, however remotely, to temperance matters, the spirits in question being of the disembodied-not the disembottled-order. Ever since the days of the Witch of Endor men have been possessed with the desire to commune with their own «nd other people's-ancestors, and have en- deavoured to do so, with more or less success -generally less. Hamlet met with better fortune in this respect than the majority of mortals, but he knew about as little of spirits as does Sir Wilfred Lawson, and irreverently addressed his parent as an " old mole," a term which is probably equivalent to the "old hoss" of modern America. Owen Glendyr was in the habit of calling spirits from th« vasty deep, but as the spirits did not roll up in response to his summons we are inclined to think we could do as much ourselves. Spiritualism now-a-days has produced better results than in the times of the old Welsh magician ; and the ghost of Julius Caesar or Marcus Brutus comes in answer to the summons of the medium, and spends many a pleasant evening rattling the remains of his skeleton against the leg of a mahogany table, in replying to questions which he could never have answered while in the flesh. But hitherto nothing tangible has resulted from these manifestations, excepting perhaps a little damage to furniture, and it is therefore all the more gratifying to learn that there is a prospect of our spectral visitants being turned to good purpose. An Italiau medium, who has devoted years to converse with the overproof spirits of the departed has been endowed by bis familiars with the gift of prophecy, and believes this to be the natural reeult of his deep study of the occult science. Should this be the case Spiritualism may reckon on gaining many thousands of adherents. There is no gift for which men would pay so lavishly as that of reading the future, and if it is to be acquired mankind will have it or " bust." The num- ber of ways in which a really reliable prophet might be rendered useful, too, is incalculable. A prophetic policeman, for example, would know what was going on round the corner, and would probably as a consequence keep on the near side of it, until the coster in the next street had quite finished " jumping on his mother," and relapsed into a state of quietude. A prophetic poet, again, would know better than to trouble us with theBe verses on " The Coming of Spring," because he could foretell exactly what the fate of his manuscript would be; and weare prepared to give nigh wages to any prophetic com- positor who may chance to be disengaged. There is, of course, a danger that seers may one day become too numerous. A time may come when it will be impossible, to «pit twice consecutively out of a window without hitting a prophet ; but that event is yet very far ort, and for the present we wish to give the movement all possible encouragement. We confess to having but little sympathy with faith healers and spiritualists, but all the prophets with whom wc have the pleasure of being acquainted with proved themselves men of the most estimable chai acter, and as a class we think they deserve to prosper. 