ERCTOS, OP MIELBOUII NE. (3Y T'unt Gnos'r.) The week in l'arlianmout has dragged slowly along, no progress in public busi noess having been made. Tllhe Ministry has been unable to bring thie lBdget debate to a close. Mr.. Munro's motion expressing dissatisfaction at the Government propo sals in regard to the woollen trade has blocked "the way, and besides, honourable members, like the bird sung of in nursery rhyme, have waundeed "u0p stairs and down stairs" raising all sorts of side issues and introducing a number' of entirely irrelevant subjects, which have again led to futile discussion and a weary waste of time. Tl'hore are now, that " Go vernment -by party," hass given place to Coalitions,so manny different "parties"in the Assembly, that the Ministry seems fairly puzzled as to who are friends and who are foes. Hoeuce the weaknes and vacilatioin of the leader of the Government. Hiad Mr. Gillies at the outset 'assumed a firm attitude and staked his political fortunes on 'lis Budget; -proposals as at first formu lated, the Budget debate would soon have beoon brought to a conclusion; but a desire to please everyone iiduced him early in the debate to put up the Chief Secrctqry to inform the hIouse that if the duty of 5 per cont. proposed on woollen goods was not deemed suicient hlie . would grant another increase, and, although Mr. Denkin has since eaten his words, and the Government has ignored his utterance, the present trouble can all be traned to the utterance of the leader of the "Liberal" section of the Cabinet. Mr. Munro's mnove, if intended; as it doubtless is, as an attiick on the Ministerial benches, is a tactical mistake. His motion is one that dcles not comumeild ijsulf to the newly organised 'f country party" as a.wlhole, and even the proteotionist members of the House will not on this occasion foresawear their allegiance to Ministers "for a paltry 5 per cent." Mr. Munro's action will not be suce cessful in displacing this Governieent, Tiie senior meeibhcrr fo OBeloug lohs not yet found ithe weak place in tlhe Ministorial armour. When lie does he will have no difflculty in administering the coupde grace to the Gillies cuet Deakin combination. The worm when trodden on will turn, and it is hardly surprising tlcrefore that the "mastors" after tamely submitting fcr years to the arbitrary' eul tyralnical laws of certain trade organisatlons, should at last take steps to resist thle dictation of their employes, and themselves "strike for liberty " of action. On Wcdnesday. evening the proprietors of the iron works in and around Melbourno met and resolved that in consequence of the strike at the foundry of Messrs. Robison lBrothers and Company, and the action of the Union anon in refusing to refer the mlttr ip dispultd to arbitruiti., they. aould at t?e end of the week " lock out" all the Union loon in their employ. Labour has hitherto in the colony been able to dictate terllg to calpiltal, and it will be iltoroeting tq oseo whether; noiw tlhat the Imasters abye boon squeezed to the utmost point of ou'luranco, and have determined, if posibhle, to "turn the -tables,".. theoy will succeed in their effort.' The question asked some timed since in tliohe Assembly relative to granting, free railway passes to the membehrs of theis Legislature who served in 'Parliament prior to the inauguration of the 'systemn of p.aymnent of members seeclq to heave asroudsed thli precltory- -instincts of the peooples ireprosentatlvcs, who at present, in addition to' travelling free on all thei tallways of Australasia; draw 4300 per, annum in the shape of salary. Mr. Hall, one of tlos members, for the Moira lec torate, has given notice of -his intention to ask the House to assent to a resolution granting to members "who have served for three years,:life passes on the railway." Perhaps this is only "the thin end of the wedge," and if the proposition is assgnted to,and the prinoiple-of peqsioning'n mlbers virtually aigreed to, 'tlhe Legislature may next be asked to continue the honorarium given to honourable gentlemen after ' their constituents . have rejected theni - or they have voluntarily resigned - their position. Between - granting passes to the pioneer legislators of the colony, who I' the " good old times" when " time was money," received no " compen sation," and paid their own expensis while in Melbourne, and heavy coach fares into the bargain, and who have left as - monu ments of their intelligence and industry the Constitution Act, the Local Govern ment Act, the ballot, and their successors in the Council and Assembly who have been at no cost for. travelling, and have bUqpq well -remunerated for roevtosuiuig such "slushmcemd' work as Lihe lnensing and the Shoips and Factorles Acts, there is a vast dilferenceo. The former are entitled to the grateful remembrance of the country, while the latter may be said not to have earned their pay. The motion standing qa the notice paper i-f the Assembly, in the name; of Mr. C. u. Jones, tardily recoglsaing as it door the loyal services oftthe pioneer legis lators 6f Victoria; oughlt to be carried by acclamation. Mr. Hall's proposal, extend ing still further the present privileges of the "needy, seedy, and greedy," ought, as certainly to be negatived. , , - "And vowing lie would no'er consent," Mr. Joseph Bosisto, thi Victorian Commissioner at the Colonial Exhibition, has consented. He has succumbed to the blandishmsents of, the "pressure from influential quartoeis," and graciously allowed herlf ajesty to invest hiqv with the insignia of a C.M.G. The honourable member for Richmond is of opinion that his official conneotion with the Victorian Court entitled him tq "rq handle to his nlnlo." ilenc l's reluctance to' qccept tihe minor honour of a mcre Com panionship of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. Perhaps when the matter is brought specially under the notice of the; Queen and proper representations: are made; Mr. Bosisto may obtain a fiuller recognition of. his endeavours to cure all the ills that flesh is heir to by the use of his "incomparable oil," and slay be r-ised' to the Peeoage as Ioard Eucalyptus, The title wouldat least have a 'distinct Aus tlralian flavour. There are members of thel British aristocracy whoso hereditary honours are due to less honourable services to humanity than those of the Riolibuond chemist and druggist. August 8. 