THE MYSTERIOUS TENANT. CHAPTER IY.—(Continued). When Mr. Pauncefort paid bis second visit to the Abbey, be had exchanged bis velveteen shooting-jacket for a frock-coat; but the cloth, was tolerably well worn, and the cut of the coat fixed the date ofits confection at some years before the stranger's advent at Scarsdale. The coat might have looked outre and old-fashioned upon a meaner-looking man, but Sir Jasper's tenant had that indefinable something, that utterly indescribable air of distinction, which makes a man independent of his tailor. What an unspeakable distance between gentleman J3rummel, created by the happy inspiration of sartorial genius, and the quiet English gentleman of the blue blood, whose hearty grace is a heritage bequeathed to bim by Crusaders who fought at Acre, and Knights who saw. the earth black with the slaughtered chivalry of France on Crecy's fatal field! Sir Jasper Denison, not easily pleased upon ordinary occasions, bad been pleased to take very kindly to the solitary occupant of the Hermitage, and was inclined to go into raptures about his new acquaintances. The Baronet was very impulsive, and not a little frivolous. The bitter stroke which Fate had dealt at him had fallen on a nature too weak and selfish to be elevated or sublimated by affliction. He was a mail who took the decrees of beaven in pretty much the same spirit as that in which be might have taken the undeserved cruelty of an earthly assailant. When his daughter died he could not bow his head and resign himself to the belief that she bad only floated away from him into a fairer region, wbitber he might some day follow ber, if he so pleased. He was a student of those brilliant philosophers whose genius illumined with flashes of lurid grandeur the eve of the French revolution. He could not malce a temple of worship out of the tomb of his dead child. The sepulchre of the beloved was a horible thing from which he fled away to beguile his grief by a cynical contemplation of frivolous humanity amusing itself at German watering-places, or hurrying through Italian picture- galleries. It may be that Sir Japer's sudden predilection for the society of George Pauncefort arose chiefly from the fact that the stranger was the only per6on at Scarsdale whose presence did not remind him of the dead. With the tenant of the Hermitage the bereaved father felt himself safe; no chance allusion to the lost, no .half-retracted mention of her name, was likely to drop from the lips of the man who had never seen ber. It is difficult for any human creature linked to an eternal futuro'by tbe feeblest shred of Christian faith, to understand the unutter- able honor which Death tresis when he crosses the threshold of the Atheist. To Sir Jasper Denison consolation was so impassibility. The only anodyne by which his grief'might at intervals be lolled to rest was occupation. He had amused hiips^'f somehow or olhtr by those restless end fitful Continental wanderings, until he had used op all those regions where the Sybarite inav travel withont finding too many crumpled leaves among the roses, and he came back now with the vague intention of occupying himself by some desultory dabbling "in building, philanthropy, and steam* farming. In this humour the Baronet was rather pleased to hear of the fallen chimney at the Hermitage. He sent a messenger posthaste to summon the Roxtwrough architect on the morning after Sir. Pauncefort's viat to the Abbey; and after a very long consultation with that gentleman—to which solemn conference Sir Jespefe tenant was specally invited—certain improvements were arranged which would in no way destroy the picturesque medievalism of the Hermitage, but which were sufficiently important to render that tenement unfit for occupation during the space of some weeks. " In which period you will do me the honour by taking up your quarters here," said Sir Jasper; " I intend making myself as familiar with the Kiger as I am with the Thames; and I shall look to you, Mr. Pauncefort, to give me the delightful sensation of playing hide-and-eeek with a family party of lions every evening." " Ton are very good, Sir Jasper; I was thinking of TrmVing a little pedestrian tour " "And depriving me of my African explorations ! But a pedestrian tour in October! Wet days and foggy evenings, rheumatism and sciatica J Have yon looked at your glass this morning ? No, I'm Eure you have not I am an idle man, Mr. Pauncefort, and, like all idle men, learned in the signs of the times. We are going to have abominable weather for a month to come. Look at that low grey sky; and then decline the shelter of my blue bedroom in favour of the dippery moors and damp woodlands, if you dare." Sir Jasper'e tenant hesitated, looked out of the window and then looked back into the room. It was past five in the afternoon, and the day was darkening alrcady. The dull grey sky and Ehadowy landscape without contrasted dismally with the warm glow of the firelight within. There is such a wondrous magic in the red light of a fire. Surely it must be the magic of association —dating from the far-away day when month old babies lie npon their mothers' knees and laugh for the first time to see the ruddy flames dancing up the chimney. George Pauncefort looked back into the room, and in that one moment of hesitatation his resolutions spread its wings and floated away into chaos. The conference had been held in the libraty, the chamber in which George Pauncefort had watched Marc is, Denison's white hands hovering over the teacups the night before. The firelight glimmering on the morocco bindings of books that lined the wainscot from the ceiling to the floor made the room radiant with the tender glory of home, and even the grim bronze sea-god -seemed to melt under that pleasant influence and modnlate his monotonous voice to a gentler tone. Some invisible spirit, permeating tbe very atmosphere with its subtle presence, seemed to whisper, " This is home—home—the mystic region which yon luive not inhabited for fifteen years. Welcome, poor wanderer, from the desertj welcome lost bird from a ruined nest; welcome, from your lonely tent under the cold unpitying gky, poor friendless- creature 5• welcome—home— homel" And then another ^spirit of an argumen tative and rebellious order aroBe.in the man's breast, and cried, , "'What have you done that, you should turn away from this pleasant shelter to: tramp .the country side, with iiouseless vagabonds, .for your fellow-travellers J Ale yon a pariah, that you must shrink awty from friendly, hands, and go and hide yoursdfamong village boors and wandering . out-caste J" There was -.a brief pause, <luring which' Sir Jasper amused himself tjy stirring the logs piled on the coal-fire, tmdthen George Pauncefort replied: : = . . : : "^"T.will accept your invitation, Sir Jaaper,asfranldy as it is given. JThera is no reason-why I should decline yonr hospitality, ,br recoil from yon kindliness." 'He saSd ' this'-'with some touch of'JirideinhiE manner, and a faint glow upon his dark face. "Good!" pyrlaimfid the Baronet, laying his hand upon the belL "Then I may tell Mis. Browning to air the hlue room. Ton Trill come to us to-morrow, and the bmldera may begin their work as soon afterwards as they please. Ton "will bring your servant, by-the-bye. Imagine. Diogenes with a body-servant I Hem ember that you are exchanging one Hermitage for another: Jib dinner-parties; no pretty girls; no empty-headed young men to play billiards in the rainy mornings. Only a big rambling house, tolerably veil filled with objects of art, and a fretful old mart and his daughter. Do you think yon can make yourself happy with us ¥' " X am only afraid of being too happy." "How do you mean f A deep flush kindled in George Pauneffort's face as the Baronet asked this Question. For a moment he seemed just a little confused, and scarcely able to answer that simple inquiry, hut in the next minute he replied Tery quietly: "Do you remember what Dante and Tennyson have said about 'a sorrow's crown of sorrow There are circumstances in the history of my life which make it impossible that I should ever have a home. Do you suppose Diogenes was free to choose anything better when he took to his tub? I cannot -imagine, the cynical mood innate in man. To my mind it seems only the reactionary phase of sorrow. I have been very comfortable . yonder with the ghost of the fair-haired cavalier, who has not yet been pleased to reveal himsdf in any palpable shape. Will it be wise to exchange my loneliness for genial companionship, and the atmosphere of a home, since there must be the going back afterwards T Sir Jasper shrugged his shoulders. " YouH be tired of us before the builders have finished their work, and will be Tery glad to return to your solitude. Men were created to bore one another. If you are not tired, you will be free to come back to us whenever you please. You will not be disturbed here -byjthe sight of any unapproachable domestic happiness; you will be th» guest of a lonely old man, who has been robbed of all that made life blight for him, and who does bis best to take existence in the frivolous spirit of a pereifieur, because he has for ever lost all ch&ncetpf; any deeper delight than the temporary enjoyment fixim the aroma of a choice wine, or the pleasant talk of an intellectual acquaintance. Do you remember what Voltaire "says, Mr. Pauncefort; 'Life is a child, which "must be rocked in a cradle till it falls asleep.'. You and I have both had our troubles; why shouldn't we help each other to rock the cradle?" Of course this discussion ended in George Pannceforfe acceptance of his landlord's invitation. He went back to the Hermitage pondering the matter in much the same moody spirit that he had pondered the night before, as he walked homeward under the stars. Was it wise ? " Bah! What harm can come of it 9" thought Mr. Pauncefort, impatiently; "have I grown a dotard, that I weigh so small a business as solemnly as if it were the turning point of my destiny 1 What can it matter whether I go or stay ? And yet after fifteen years' voluntary exile from civilised companionship,. it "seems almost like the violation of a vow. Shall I pack up my goods and go back yonder! ..Shall I start for Tripoli to- morrow,- instead of taking np my quarters at the Abbey t No; I have come home to make my . grave ; in England: and so long as this man preserves his solitary habits, I could have no safer shelter than Scarsdale wood.". So having let his mind slip -away from a certain settled resolution which had "regulated his actions for .fifteen : -yous, Mr. Pauncefort became all-et once-the most undecided of mankind: Throughout the evening after this interview with Sir Jasper, he seemed the prey to a restlessness of spirit;"not -even to be lulled into peace by man's great consoler—the pipe. JIo placed up and down his room, took half-adozen volumes from their shaves, -only to stare at their 'pages in abstracted mood and then to fling • them impatiently- asidehe put down his meerschaum, with itB contents only half consumed'; and it was not until . after XI o'clock that he rang fbr^iis servant,' and told him to prepare "for ihe.'yisit 'to Scarsdale. : ' , .". The necessary preparations -could involve very little trouble, bb Mr. Paunc^ort's wardrobe-^except in the manner of linen—• vras of the most limited order. Sir Jasper's tenant seemed a great -deed note at ease after he had given these decisive orders to; hie Servant. Ho seated himself in the ponderous old-fashioned arm-cb air by tho low wood fire—the murdered cavalier may hare satin that chair, perhaps—audrefilled his meerschaum. Then as he watched the bine clouds of smoke floating upward and melting slowly away, he let big miud wander freely withersoever it would. He thought of Sir Jasper, with all the attributes of his nature buried in the grave of the dead: and of Sir Jasper's pensive daughter, doomed never to know a father's love, bearing her burden of sorrow with a quiet resignation which was more beautiful than the gaiety of happier women. " The housekoeper was quite right," thought George Pauneefort; " Sir Jasper is not unkind to his daughter: he only overlooks her." (To be continued.) 