MR SERVICE AT CASUJ5MAIXE. PAST, PEESEST, ASD FCTCILEL After dealii"g at length with the circum stances which led three years ago to the formation of a O- alitlon Minisirv, and the work of the three sessions, he said ;-It has been said that we have dictated to the country as to irho should succeed us. We tare done "nothing of the sort. We merely do that without which the country would have a right to dictate to U3, and say that are not doing our duty if were not provided to cany on the business of the countiy until Parliament had an op portunity of expressing its opinion. We were, therefore, bound, in contemplating a retirement of this sort, to consider what advice we should give to his Excellency the Governor as to who should succeed, us. After ail,- it depends upon ihe Governor as to who it shall be, and if he chooses to disagree with our advice, he lins a perfect right to do so. That bang the case, who would suggest themselves to our minds more naturally than those who have been trorking the ship with U3 all along] Is it not something thai there is one among those colleagues whose capacity is equal to that of any mm in the House, who has been attentive to ^ duties, and who has taken part in public afi^urs for many years 2 X ask, who else could we turn to when we nominated Mr Gillies to take the helm of the interim Ministry, for of course it can be nothing else 1 All ministries are interim ministries until they secure the endorsement of the countiy ? Therefore, X say the Govern ment have no right to be blamed for in dicating that, in their opinion, Mr Gillies 5s the proper man to take the helm in this interim fashion. I will say nothing about the future, only that the Govern ment are now doing what it is their bounden dut\\* to do. We know all about the capacity of these men, we know ' their policy, and that at all events while this Parliament is in existence they will not reverse the policy which the countiy las so far endorsed. We leave the Ministry to cany on the business in the way in which it has been carried on until the constituencies have a chance of speak ing out. X will go further. The question of education comes up at every election, and is there anyone in the colony who is better able io cany out the national policy of education than Air Gillies, who was himself one of the authors of ihe act I Then, as to irrigation, which is of the greatest interest at the present time, who is a better authority than Mr Deakin ? TO have an analogy in the course copied by Xew South" Wales ihe other day in dealing with ihe same thing. When Sir Alexander Stuart and Mr Dalley went out of office, they handed the reigns over to their colleague, 3Ir Ditibs. (Hear.) There is no other way. To have gone io ihe countiy, declared our policy, and they resigned, as some hsve said we ought to have done, would have been un dignified and unworthy of any ministry. (Cheers.) It would have been playing with-deceiving thecouniiy, and wesliould lave been open to the charge of acting -under false pretences, or having some anster reason, or desiring to help sonie of our colleagues orour supporters to Par liament. (Hear,hear.) Suchacoursetrould not bear examination. (Hear, hear.j A word as to the future. The question has been raised-Is this coalition system of government to go on, or is it to come to an enS ? It is for the country to say. I have looked upon it not as a coalition, but as an amalgamation-(cheers)-and I ask, is there anything in the interests of the country that demands that this state of things shall come to an end I Has this coalition-or, as I call it, amalgama tion- of political parties been productive of good io the countiy, or evil ?- Is it desirable we should call up the old party cries ; that we should try to resuscitate the evil days of the past 2 la my opinion, and I _ am now goim; perhaps further than I ought, because I am speaking of the future, and I have no future politi cally-but if you are going to resurrect the old parties, let me warn you that thpy will be only the ghosts of their former selves ; nay, they would be worse than ghosts, for you will resurrect not the "hosts, but the putrid corpses of the old parties and the old cries, which would be offensive to the sight, the smell, and the touch of ihe whole people < f Victoria. (Cheers.) A row in this colony cannot benefit the country, although it uiay bene fit a few politicians who are anxious io get into office. These men will not wait to secure a portfolio in a fair way, but they look for a sqnall. so that they may rise on the wings of the tempest into office. There are always a few of these stormy petrels looking about, and they are on the rampage now, and it is a question now, after having three- years of quietness, whether ihe country will go back to the old state of things. There is nothing in the Bouse or conntiy io divide the turtles : when the real cause of strife arises then is ihe time to enter into it, not when that cause does not exist. X say cursed be he who stirreih np strife. (Cheers.) I had intended to make a few remarks upon decentrali sation, but it has V3t so late that I am afraid ihat X will be unable io touch it. (Cries of " Oo ou_") X will say a few words "upon one or two other matters which I have prepared notes upon, as it will give others ihe opportunity of following and showing whether I "am right or wrong. It will also indicate to what ex tent this question has been i usiified by the coarse which has been taken up so far as the town versus the country, or ihe country versus the town, is concerned. I do not like to see the cry raised, but, if the facts justify its being put forward, then the facts are to blame, and not the persons who start it. As a countiy mem ber, I am therefore prepared to take up the cudgels on behalf of the country, but what struck me in connection with the league was, ihat it seemed io me to be a badly got up platform to begin with. (Gheers, and cries of " 2so.~) There has been a good deal of trouble io make the platform. (Cries of 5c.:!) Let me tell yon one or two facts. I know that one gentleman went to Bailarat and declared with reference to the Electoral Bill which was thrown oat ihat an evidence thai Melbourne and the metropolitan districts were preferred to the country, -was shown by ihe fact that our bill pro Tided seven new members for Melbourne and the suburbs and only . three for the country. The fact really was that there ?were five new members for the countiy and fire for the metropolitan districts. I saw that another gentleman in Bailarat said ihat one of the planks of the league should be ihat the merchants in the conntiy should have the right io possess bonded, stores ; it struck me as bang very remarkable io make a plank in a platform a privilege that people had had given them for a dozen years past. (Cheers.) These and other things looked as if the .league were looking for a plank. How ever, I have some figures here to show wnat the facts are. The league should have got figures to start with, for if they lad done so they would have been on the solid rock, and everyone could then say that he was a leaguer. The platform has been altered twice, if not three times. I have got the platform as finally agreed upon at Bailarat, and, so far as I see, it is one ihat anyone can sign and ap prove of, but it is so vague that I do not see what pracricalresult can come outof iL There is only one question which has been definitely entered upon, and ihat is the matter of ihe workshops at Newport. That is definite enough, but I think that is the only definite cry they have ; and, as I.told the deputation to-night, they do not bring facts to bear out even that cry. -I shall not go into that question, bnt will read statements of the expenditure during thelastlOyeare from all sources, so far as "they T be worked out. It must be .remembered that the present population of 3Ielbourne is to the population of the colony in the proportion of rather more ?fhan one- third. On works and buildings there was expended in Melbourne during the XO years the sum of £1,160.OOO, sinrt in the conntiy £1,683,000. Thai ftTimra apparently ihat the country had not receired its fair share- The next' item, however, is that of diamond drills, £87,000 ; and that was expended entirely in the country, as itas also tlie. prospect ing vote of £50,000. Agricultural socle ties have received in the Melbourne dis trict £7000, and in. .the country £95,000. For scab prevention, £80,000 was ex pended entirely in the country ; chari table institutions, Melbourne .£515,000, and country £G37,000; school buildings, £2So,000 in town, £1,070,000 in the country; maintenance of schools, £837,000 in town, £3,520.000in country; iuiidingof free libraries, £000.000in country; muni cipal grants, £322,000in town, £3,211,000 in country. Then, in the Mining depart ment, £50,000 has been expended in the country in cutting tracks, etc. Country mail services cost £000,000, as against £120.000 in Melbourne. For water supply in the country £1,157,000 was expended, and for the Yan Yean £GG1,000 The Yan Yean is paying interest on the "whole of the money expended. The total expenditure for 3'clbourne is £4,54S,000, and for the country districts £12,G21,000, making a grand total of £17,109,000. If the town had its share, over 331 per cent, would be spent in Melbourne, whereas only 2Ci per ccnt. had been spent in town, and 73i per cent, had been spent in the countiy. The expenditure in Melbourne, therefore, fell short of its proportion by over £000,000. In railway expenditure the countiy has had by far ?Jie greater advantage. The expenditure in Melbourne was £5.330,000, and in the country £22,309,000- - The proportion was therefore 17 per cent- in town, and 73 per cent, in the countiy, 10 per cent, being set down io rolling stock, etc. I leave these figures for your consideration. In conclusion allow me to thank yon for all the kindness you have shown me since I became one of your representatives. I know I have not been able to do as many things as I would like to hare done, but I have done everything 1 could fairly and conscien tiously do. I am not aware that I have neglected any matter or failed to attend to any communication I have received from my constituents in ihe.whole district. I am glad that I part the best of friends with the constituency of Castlemaiue, as I did with the other constituencies I have represented, and for similar reasons namely, that I have to go to Sngland. I must now, therefore, for the present at least, bid you good-bye. {Loud and pro longed cheering.) 