J}fft_jr^MTEu^n. Dowse, the Gypsy. ? ' ?' ' ' Chapter I. . 'Killhaballew, the 17th— to-inorrow, that is. A good opportunity for me to /pick 'up a horse, Nome!' So ,1 re marked to my wife in an airy, off handed manner as I glanced over the ?adverfcisment page of the Killnaballew Reporter, our local paper, in which the infnnJ- o nHnnintl nil tnnrva ?Min -n «..J. M A »£. of the county fox-hounds and a glow ing account of the last temperance i eoireo trod on one another's heels with :the characteristic incongruity of the minor Irish newspapers. I was- prepared for the mildly re \- -proaehful tone of her reply : . ' , ,' A horse, John ! Another horse ! Surely you are not going to sell the black mare.; Why, only yesterday you pronounced her perfect !' I hardened ;my heart, a difficult process for a 'young . .husband, of three months' standing? ',,f; Well.: no, my* dear! It's not tho tblackmare I think of parting with, but old Dobbin. You see ? ' 'Old Dobbin i' she interruped hastily, with flashing eyes— true Irish 'eyes/ with a world of lurking fire ^atenf; in their .grey-blue depths, 'though mild enough in general. ' 'Ob, John! Not dear old Dobbin surely 1 Just think how long you've had him! And such a steady, faithful, (dear old horse; Not a single fault, John ; I've heard you say so ! And so safe aud easy for me to drive V Her voice quivered with the pathetic tremor that I well knew and sorely dreaded Nevertheless,' once /more I hardened my heart, settled my self more firmly in my mental attitude, and proceeded to justify 'my inten tion. ' ' '' . 'No' fault! No, of course; certainly not! Nothing that you could fairly call a fan' t. But you cannot deny, my dear, that he is almost superan nuatedi' and would stand a poor chance in a race with- my fat- Berkshire. Then loolrat 'his foolorMntolerablo! Light chestnut might pass when' we had tbe^ pair. But now that the young ' black -'iriafe is promoted from the plough; tail to the carriage — vice Thunderer, .defunct-— you 'must confess it really does not look well. Why, even Capt. Purcell remarked upon the startling effect of the contrast, and advised me to ohange. . By the way, my dnar' (this in a desperate endoavor to avert the storm that invariably gathered at the montion/of the gallant Captain's name)—' by tho way, are yp,u sufficiently well up in comparative anatomy fh'inform ? nie, which portion of the implement is. .that termed in contemptuous parlance ': the 'plough tail ?' . -? It' was. in .vain. .'. '.,-'.,.,' ; 'That hateful man!1 Nora veh emently ejaculated. ?' 'I might have guesBed.that wretch was at the bottom of your wanting to sell dear old Dobbin, John, if you must hunt, I wish you would refuse to have any thing to do with the conceited young puppies ? that you meet there, whose opinions you seem to rate so far above your own !' This was unkind, but I accepted it amiably, and only queried jocosely : . 'What young puppies, my dear? Do you allude to the hounds ?' Then seeing my wife look honestl/ affronted I continued; ' But . seriously, Nora, don't you think it is a little unreason able to set down all the members of the hunt— -and some of them very nice fellows too — as young puppies, and credit, them with no end of influence over your husband, merely because one of them happens to advise me to sell one of my horses, and his advice chances to chime, in with my own opinion ?' ?, Thatls not all, John,' she flashed out eagerly. Then suddenly abandon ing ithe position as untenable, she ac cepted the inevitable, with a Bi'gh. Well, John, since you must have a horse, don't, please ask Capt Pur cell for his invaluable assistance, but take old Charles with you to choose him.' ' Indeed, I shall do nothing of tho kind !' was my brief response. ' Old Charles thinks a great deal too much of his own knowledge and judgment in the matter of horse-flesh, and much too little of mine. I shall certainly uot constitute myself the laughing stock of the Pair by taking with me a boasting, blundering idiot like old Charles'- I khow—I hope 1 know — a good animal when I see one, which is more than he. does, I fancy. But don't fear ! I shall hot consult Purcell either, As I said before, I am not a child in leading strings,/ and I flatter myself that I know the points of a good horse as well as any man in Ireland.', .,,_ ........ Then, feeling rather ashamed of my heat, I went on inoro temperately : ' I hear to-morrow's .Fair is to be best -of the year. So mj best plan will be to ride old Dobbin over, sell him there if I can got my price for him, and look out for a substitute. If I don't find what I want, I can stay over the night with your brother Arthur, and come back by train next day : but if I succeed in getting the right sort of thing, I shall ride him home the same night. And now I'll take another cup of coffee, if you please.' This was final, and meant that the subject was not to be resumed. I had been long enough married to know that if a man does not intimate decisively that his say is said, his mind made up, the' beat of women will protract a sub ject ail nauseam, and ten to one get her own way by sheer force of long windedness. But Nora knew my ways, and the matter rested there. The 17th ; a bright, cold, frosty day — the roads in perfect condition, dry and hard as iron. I started off in high spirits ; shared by Dobbin, who actually contrived to execute a sort of clumsy curvet as we rode the avenue, before relaxing into his accustomed jog-trot. Old Charles watched us with a sardonic grin on his ancient visage. He wished me good luck in a tone well calculated to express his his extreme scepticism as my powers of discriminating between a good specimen of the equine race and an indifferent one. As I clattered over the hard road. I wished inwardly for the hundredth time, that I could find a decent pretext for getting rid of the old fellow. 1 f e was an old, retainer of my father's, and I could hot deny that he did bis work well. His horses and carriages he turned out in first-rate style, by the aid of innumerable under-grooms, stable-boys, helpers, etc. My wife though him a paragon, a prince among grooms. The case was a hopeless one. For the rest of his natural life -old Charles was a fixture ! As I recognized the melancholy fact an ejaculation — expressive indeed, but tabooed since my marriage — burst unawares from my lips. Nora's anxiety that my lete noire should accompany me had touched mo in a tender point — nay, it had exasperated me more than I should have cared to own. The manner in which old Charles treated mo was galling in the extroine. To him I was still 'young Master John,' whose eai'liest essays in riding and driving had been made under his tuition. He acted as if I had no rights of proprietorship over either my horses or my docs. He dosed and doctored them without the plioht«nfc reference to my opinion, without my ? knowledge even. Lord-paramount indoors— in my owu kennels I was an intruder, a cipher in my stables. And for this I had old Charles to thank. Suoh a state of things was unondurable ; Captain Purcell, I felt sure, more than suspected 'the truth. It was absolutely necessary 'for mo to asserj; my r independence ! So this morning beheld m1) taking the first decisive' Btep toward attaining my proper position, and, moreover, giving old Charles a clearer insight into his, as set forth in tho Catechism — grimv, and much bethumbed from whose pnges ho, daily instructed liis grand children 'to order themselves lowly and reverently to all their betters.' After pounding steadily along, for about an hour we reached tho foot of a steep hill about a mile from ,tho,town (by oourtesy) of Killnaballew.. There I let the rains fall loosely on old Dob bin's neck, and- allowed him to chose his own pace. He hung his head limply, and subsidod into the very slowest of walks. Although, . to give the old nag his due he would trot up hill and down hill if required, and cover ? IhV ten or eleven miles within the hour, with many gasps and grunts 'tis true, but without much need of whip or spur, yet he was always will ing to avail himself of his rider's per mission to walk, and would crawl along even a level road like any old barge horse till reminded of his duty by voice or rein. And herein lay my chief objection to the poor old fellow. I love to restrain a fiery steed, not to urge a dull one — to make use of the curb rather than the spur. 'The top o' the mornin' to yer Honor; an' that's an illigant baste ye're ridin'. Troth an' I'd lay his weight in gould he wor » gran' un to go half a dozen years back?' The speaker was a ragged, gypsy like fellow who had started up from the road-side as I passed. He now walked beside me, speaking with that irresistible frankness, just dashed with impudence, that may amuse but can hardly annoy. The brown sunburnt face had, in spite of the bead-like eyes and upturned nose with gaping nos trils, a simpleguileless expression that favorably impressed me, and I thought no small beer of my acute perceptions as a phpsiognomist. Tho look and tone of good-humored, plain-spoken candor took half tlie sting out of his words. Nevertheless, 1 felt slightly piqued that the fellow should have seen with half a glance that poor old Dobbin had passed his meridian. ' Half a dozen years back !' I ex claimed with feigned surprise. ' Why man alive, what age would you mako him out to be now ?' ' Shure, yer Honor; an' he's a baiter's dozen o' years over his head, av he's a day !' I could not repress a sinilo as the ragged scamp hit off old Dobbin's age with such precision. With a sharp upward glance he added : ' Ay, that's what I I'd hould him to -be, yor Honor — thirtoen years, and mebbe now fourteen V ' Come, come don't overshoot the mark, once you've hit it ! Thirteen it is to the best of my knowledge. But he's a right good horse for all that, and has plenty of work in him still, though his paces may not bo just what they were once.' ' Ay ! shure enough ! No need to tell me that ! didn't I see him wid my own eyes comin' rattlin' down the hill wid yez, as if he'd a whin-bush tied under the tail of him an' nothin' on his back at all' at all. Bedad, sir ! it's a foine quadripid intoirly, only not at the baste for the loike o' yer Honor to be sthridin' acrass. It's in his ilimint he'd be undher a farmer's kyar, an' many's the dacent boy wud give a pot o' money for him, as didn't want a showy-like baste, but a stout un to work.' . : ' You've hit it again, my dear fellow,' I replied, touching Dobbin's smooth neck lightly with ray whip ; ' that's what I think of selling him for. ? Do you suppose, now,' I continued, care lessly (for I had ever a penchant for picking other men's brains,' nor dis dained to cull a stray thought or an odd fact from the talk of the veriest tramp by the way) — ' do you suppose I should be likely to get a good offer of that kind for him at the Killna ballew 3?air to-day ? I mean to Bell him there if 1 can. He's a good horse, as you say, and a valuablo one, but doesn't quite meet my require ments.' ? The man hesitated for a moment, and I added : 'Perhaps, though, you are a stranger here? I merely thought it possible you might have picked up the local gossip about the Pair, and might be able to put your finger on a pur chaser?' 'No, no, yer Honor!1 I'm no stranger! Ye've come to the right shop for advice, av it's buyin' a horse ye're afther. Shure I do be dealiri' in 'em meself in a small way !' ' Do you ? Why I took you to be ? ' I checked myself; but he coolly finished the sentence for me : 'A gypsy, yer Honor ? An' right yoz are to a section ! 'Dowse, the gypsy,' they do call me. An' that's how I comes to dale in such cattle in my Binall way. What wid thrampin' tho counthry from one town to another, and' from one gintleman's house to another — on business — shure there isn't har'ly^a horse in the country worth tho*'name that's been bought or sould widout Dowse, the gypsy, havin' a stir at the pot ! An' that's the way, too, that I can sell a good horse chaper betimes than e'er a regular daler in Oireland, For ye see, I'm there on the spct, ready to pick up a bitste afore it's made up its mind to be sould, as I may say. Au' when I have a purty consarn to oblige the genthry wid, shure there isn't one of tho quality for twinty, ay, or for fifty miles aroun' as wouldn't rather buy from Dowse, the gypsy, than at the biggest fair or tbe big-?eefc Bale as ever was.' I listened with growing interest to the man's monologue. Shaking one roughened forefinger impressively, he went on solemnly ; 'And why? I'll tell yez! It's bekase' — rising into a certain rude eloquence of language and forcefulness of gesture, while. hist dark 'face glowed with houeBt pride and excitement— 'it's bekase they'd-liefer buy, an' buy chape, 'from an. honest gypsy, a.horae as is shurb to be a tearin' good un, or a middlin' un, accordin' as the hon'ost gypsy swears to it, than buy, an' buy dear, yo mind, from a big daler, , as may or may not be honest, a baste as may or- may not be good, accordin' as chance .an', the :laws of hatur' have settled.it/atwain 'em.'.,, s.; ..: ,' There' was a I ru'gced 'bruntnesa nnd sincerity about the man's ' face arid his whole bearing. ; These, combined with' the truthful ring in his yoice,.attracted mo :toward ? him irresistibly, and, I inquired without, further ? circum loculation : ,' ?'.... : ? 'Well, Dowse, then perhaps you could tell me whether lam l(kely'to get a fair bid for my horse ? And to be able to get one in exchange a trifle younger' — the gypsy eyed me with grave attention— -'and smarter, and altogether more showy ?'' . : 'Horses is clmpe as dirt now, yer Honor. The market is down dead low. An' it's not a big price yp'll get for the old un this day. Av it wor a cow, now, or a high- steppin horse,' ye might name yer own price, an' get it, too, bedad i' ' Hm ! That's bad !' I muttered re flectively. 'Looking at it in that light, it seems as if I shall have. to sell cheap, and to buy dear.' ' Thrue for yez ! Thrue for yez ! Ye never spoke a thruer word !' laughed my friend hilariously; apparently under the delusion that my speech was intended for a witty one. ' An' it's by the right leg ye've got the ould pig this offer ! Buy dear, an' sell chape ! That's always the way j it is so !' The fellow's mirth was infectious, and I could not help laughing at his simplicity. ' Now, my fine fellow, perhaps you will tell mo what figure a horse like this is likely to be put up at ?' He dodged the question. That did not surprise me. No matter how straightforward the individual Irish peasant may be, he will invariably shirk giving a direct answer. He is cautious to a degree, and objects to committing himself. 'Horses is chape now,' ho repeated oracularly. ' Might yet Honor be tuanin' to swap, now ; or to sell, an' thin buy again ?'. The query was put with all the frankly displayed curiosity of a child. ' Bekase I'd say 'swap j' av ye wor askin' for my advice.' . 'Oh, I really do not care! If I 'swap' as you say, I should of course give a few pounds into tho bargain. And if I sell first, what price should I stipulate for, do you think, in the present state of tho market?' . ' Shure, av ye put a raisonable small price on him, yer Honor, it's besnged ye'll ' be wid the farmers, and trades meni an' sich like. An' av ye put a big price on him, fcoira a lonely bid ye'll get from now till yestherday, an' that's a big word!1 ; 'And what,' I pursued patiently but persistently, like a cautious entomolo gist stalking a lively butterfly on the H indow pane, hoping each moment to transfix him with the deadly pin— ' what would you call a big price, mav I ask?' r '? ' What price might yer Honor be willin' to take ?' (I had not yet secured my volatile prey.) ' AVell, if I could get a bid of £40 for him, I might— — -.' The gypsy looked up incredulously into my face, then grinned appreciatively. 'Ye're jokin', yer Honor. An' why not? Says I to meself the minute I clap eyes on yez,' ? His Honor's got a big share,' says I, 'of ould Oireland's mother-wit. It's himself will bother the dalers when he tackles 'em.' I seen it in the turn of yer eye !' ' AH the 3ame, Dowse. I am per fectly serious this time. . He's a most valuable horse, almost thoroughbred, and was a capital hunter in his day.' 'Thin av it'a in, earnest ye'll be, an' ye mean to stickle for £40, av ye wait, begorra, from this Fair till the next, sorra the ghost of an offer will ye git, and that's the thruth for yez V Now the fact of the' matter was this. T should have jumped at tho .chance of £30 for the old nag, or £25 either. But we know — by what law of morality or justice I ' cannot say — that all is fair in love, war and horse dealing. Or rather, all js so very far from fair, that one's motto must per force be, ' Every man for himself,' and we all 'know the fate that overtakes the hindmost. Still myjjonscience smote me lightly, aB I answered carelessly, looking full into the ingenuous face of the man whom I was deceiving. ' Thirty-five or forty pounds. It's not much for such a horse, especially as I expect to have to pay up pretty well for the one I shall get in his place, a8 1 want him to matoh another.' The gyp6y's face, which had sud-; denly lighted up became again over-' cast, as he exclaimed :.'Och, shure! Thin it's no good; an' I was thinkin'; I knew what would suit! yer. -Honor down to the ground, but av.Jt's for a1 match — ^— »' ....,;' ?.',.?.' ' .'?'??,'?' ! 'Never mind/'l interrupted, on. the' alert at once. 'What were you about to propose ?' ' . ' . ' Faix, I was thinkin1 1 Uioight buy the horse meself, an' sell him wid a fair profit on the transaction, to a farmer up in the North, as is looking forhisloiko. An' I was thinkin' yer Honor might be willin' to swap, for I don't think good of givingaway a big lump of a 20-pounder, all in a, hape. An' the horse yer Honor, he's as full b' fire as a box of Iucifer3, an' as showy an' gay and bright as n pnycock. But av it wor for a match ? ' ' Ho might suit,' I interposed .again, my mouth watering for the embodi ment of this glowing description. 'De scribe him, my man.' ' . ' No, no ! He wouldn't suit, I'll go bail; An', now should he? He'll be too high for yer Honor by a couple of inches.' ? .?.,,. , 'Ah ? That must be the first consid eration.; .Sixteen 'hands exactly ! ; Not an inch more or' less.? Just tfio height of this fellow !' ?? - :; ? ... \- '?' Bedad, that's his height to a hair! cried the gypsy gloefully,;snatching oft' his battered, briiulesi hat, arid beating an excited tatoo. on. the. : crown. 'Wouldn't it be the quarest thing at all, yer Honor, av it were to. be' a match , atttvixt them too? But I'm thinking ye let^slip a word oE a gray ?' ?No, no .' 'Not a gray !? Bay might do, but I should prefer^ — ' . ' Don't say black, yer Honor ! Don't say black: Black's the little dailint that's whinnyiri' for me this minute in his' stable. Don't say black now !' and he actually Btretcbed out bis hands entreatingly in odd contradiction to his words, while his spare frame fairly quivered with excitement.. 'Black it is though,' I responded, laughing outright at his native exhibi tion of delight. 'Black, rising.six, six teen hands, high-stepping, free and fast ! There's . her picture for you, Dowse, to match if you can.' ' It's himself 1 It's himself ! His very moral ! Black 'Beauty's twin brother ! Ye'vo hit him off to a hair, and. that's the truth for yez P.and this irrepressible child of tho South laughed, capered and bestowed face tious pokes in the ribs on his own spare person in his exquisite enjoy ment of the coincidence. ' An' more be token, it's tbe lucky man yez are, Captin !' (this title was a mistaken one, but was often given to me by strangers. Why ? — I can only conjecture ; but no matter, it sounded pleasantly in my ears, and I did not undeceive the gipsy) — 'it's the. lucky man yez are, Captain, if the* baste ye've got at home is aqual to the one I'll give yez. But mebbe ye've wantiu' him at onst, and it's ten miles away he is this minute. It was to this very Pair I was bringin' him, av ye'll be lieve me, an' a gintleman as heard on him — for he's well known in theso parts— sends for me to Rathcollin, an' has Black Beauty igzamined by tbe vet. An,' yer Honor, me and the vet, an' the gintleman, we all says to one another, says we, that he hasne're a fault, nor a blemish, nor a hair's disparagement on him. An' I only asks a . beggarly, sivinty-five for him, an' lie refuses him bekase he wor one dhirty inch below the ould bag-o'-bones he wor to run wid, and that's the truth for yez !' ' Seventy-five pounds !' I exclaimed, seizing upon the main point of the story. Seventy-five pounds ! 'Why, man, that's preposterous ! But if you want to swap, that man alter the case. What would you be willing to take now, with the chesnut thrown in ?' . Shuro, I'll lave that to yer Honor. It's not Dowse, the gypsy, would make bould to spake before a rale gintleman like tbe Captin ! OE course I was a trifle too astute for this touch of blarney to go down ; yet the air of manly deference with which the gypsy spoke was of a piece with the simple, childlike character which had at first caught my fancy. ' An' it's not natnin' a price ye'd have me afore iver I've cast my eye over the baste? he continued, laying his hand on the bridle with a business like air, preparatory to^ a leisurely in spection. 'Ah! a foine baste in thoirley!' ' An' ne'er a blemish, yer Honor was sayin.' But, with a bland and insinuating smile, a trifle touched in the wind, ain't he, now ?' Short-winded ? Why, mau, isn't he breathing as quietly as you or I? I asked, with au affectatiou of indig nation. It did not deceive the gypsy's keen eye. Ay I calm and quiet enough now. But not wheu yer Honor came up wid mo. An' 'it's not a gintlemen like yer Honor wud deny that same, an' desave a poor thravellin' gypsy ! His half-grieved, half-resentful intonation might have been envied by many an -actor. But then nature is superior to art ! I felt almost disposed to blush. ? An' did ye say he'd never been down, yer honor? He looked steadily at mo for a moment, his bright eyes keener than ever. I see; a weeshy trick o' stumblin' Captin ? ' Oh. no ! . Nothing of tho- kind ! ?-I struck in hastily, glad of an honest chance of entering a protest against thh, wholesale way in which this rag ged vagabond spotted at once all poor old Dobbin's— ^eccentricities, let us say. Its true he's been down — once ; but that was leaping a nasty stone wall in; the hunting-field, and 1 don't see ho w you guessed it, for he. didn't mark himself: But as for stumbling he's as sure-footed as a goat.' ' j 'Let me see, thin, Captin, he said musingly, summing up the evidence, liising . fourteen ; been; down— once, more or less ; the laste taBte in loife thick-winded,, but a very good horse widall ; /though, in coorse, ye oouldnt extortionate a big price on rae,:wid 'thom'weeshy, drawbacks- to' the fore. Now, wait till I ', tell you.! You and i me will ?coinejto terms, and If 11. take the i ould ?- ohostnut, whatever else I'll -do And '.I'll ride; him to Eath collin, .where' 1 ;left Blaok 'Beauty, afther ithe gintleman disappointed me rispiotin' him , Ap' that's ten miles fromithe spot yer Honor stands on. Bu^meself an' Beauty'll be wid yez tiio morrow's morn afore noon, and ye can thry him in the park. An' av ye've took a fancy agiu Black Beauty (for a good judge like yer Honor couldn't in raison- mislike' him)',: then I'll be off wid the rest o' the bargain.' - lfifteen pounds' ! My good fellow, it's you that are 'joking now ! I could'C possibly let 'him go under thirty- pounds !' No I'd rather take him home again and wait half-a-dozen years, if horses dont go up before then. ''An av ye waited three years, let alone six7 yer Honor,'; he responded with. a grim chuckle, ye'd wait till the ould horse had gonp up as h'igh-as the happy hunting-grounds- above, as Red Mike was discoorain/ upon. ? '_ Without inquiring ' who Red Mike was, I rejoined : . Coinq, Dowse, no . moro. palavering, as lied Mike would probably, say. Make me a fair ofler, or let it alone. Say thirty, if I don't take your horse. Twinty, yer Honor. ,. N6t;a sixpence more ; I, couldn^.t do it. . It ; wud go agin me conscience to the wife, an' tlio ciiildher. : An' whin, ye «;see Black Beauty, it'sproud ye'll be togiye me the ould chestnut ? aud ; fifty pouu'to boot. : ., . ? '.'. .:.,. '— Of course I spurned this proposal ?with righteous indignation, and. offered in my turn, should Black Beauty be the choice. bit oE horse-flesh. described, to give old Dobbin in exchange and thirty pounds to boot.. Equally, of course, afterthe stereo typed amount of haggling aud splitting sixpences, inseparable -from an Irish bargain, we halved the difference, and decided upon £40 as the utmost limit i of generosity to which our duties to our respective wives and childher would .' allow us to go, my childher being an unknown and entirely fictitious quan tity, introduced into the conversation by the exigencies of tho tuomerit. As the bargain was finally struck we entered the town. I dismounted, ad ministered a farewell caress ' to old Dobbin's drooping' head, and oaw Dowse, the gypsy, ride off in the direc tion of Rathcollin. No, my friends, no. My story doeB not end thus I was not^ utterly raw and inexperienced as you ore beginning to surmise. Dowse, the gypsy, did not ride off with my horse never to return. On the contrary, he insisted on depositing with me as security for his appearance a Bank of Ireland note for £20. This he extracted greatly to. my astonish ment, from a greasy, unwholesome looking, evil-smelling leathern purse, I confess I should have been satisfied without further guarantee for his good faith than that afforded by his honest, ugly face, but ho professed uu-' ensinoss lest some unforeseen accident should endanger his life and my property. So I gave way. With a light heart I walked toward, the openmarket plaoe where the fair was held, passing the too odorous pledge through the fragrant curls of smoke issuing from my cigar, The fast approaching triumph over my^ tyrant, CharloB, supplied me with mental pabulum of the most; delicious kind. Tin's old reprobate was reported by Buttons to have affirmed that he would not be surprised if Masther John wor to come back wid no moro than a tin-poun' note in his pocket for ould Dobbin, an' wid fifty poun out of it for an ould screw as wouldn't so much as pay its pwnburyin' expenses! As I examined the different represen tatives of the noble race set forth for sale, with the dispassionate criticism of a man already suited, I congratulated myself heartily on mo good luck. There was only one animal in the Pair worth a second glance as far as matching my own black mare, Sharon, was concerned, and she was too young. I might have been deluded into buying her, and thereby, if possible, sinking still lower in old Charles' estimation, for she seemed to me to be a perfect animal, full of blood and fire. But I thought of my treasure, my Black Beauty, and I refrained. Tho Fair contained little of interest to me, so I sauntered away to the house of my brother-in- law. I found Arthur and his charming young wife at home, and spent the rest of the day very pleasantly The former professed his regret on hearing that I had parted with old Dobbin, a horse he had always admired, respected rathor. Respect was tho sentiment invariably inspired by old;Dobbin. He further expressed his congratulations on my extraordin ary good- fortune in so easily lighting upou a first-rate substitute. And finally, his rogret that urgent business would take him up to town' next morning, and debar him from the pleasure of accompanying me to Killnaballew Park, distant about a mile from my present quarters. Very sorry, indeed, old fellow, 1 replied, for I flatter myself I've Becured rathor a nice article. However, if he's in condition, you'll' see him on Friday at the hunt, weather permit ting. ' ' . , :'.' : ,: . . , ? (To be Oontimied.) ?Valuable DrspovurtrFOK the Hair.— If your hair is turning grny or white, or falling off use 'Tho 'Mexican Hair Renewer.' for it will.positioily restore in every case Grey or Wliite '7iair-to its' original colour, without leaving the' disagreeable smell of most 'Restorers,' ' It makes tho hair charmingly beautiful aa.wall as promoting tho growth !of the hair on: bald spats : where tho glands aro non decayed, ; AbIc : your C/hemist for 'The Mbxican- Hair Ebnbweb,' aold by Chemists and ?erfnmer,8 everywhere at 3s 6d por Pottle, Wholesale, depot 33, Farringdon Road, London A OARD.— TO ALL WHO ARK SUFFBUIN from this errors and indiscretion of youth nervons ?weaknessj oarly decay, loss of man hood, &o.;, I. will send a receipt that will euro you, FERE OF CHARGE. Tha great remedy was-discovored by a missionary in Soulh America. Send a self-addresred envelope and sixpence to repay postage to tho Rev, Joseph T. Innak, Station D. New York Oily. U.S,A. ? 