Wixt mtb Ipumor* Tennyson says, 'Men are God's trees.' Yes, and some of them are very shady. An Indiana editor declares that times are so hard that he can't even collect his thoughts. 'Want an easy job do you? WelL don't apply at a sausage factory, for it's stuff work there.' The ghost of a show that we hear so much about may possibly have been the spirit of Hamlet's father. The man who went to the country for ' rest and change' siys the waiters got most of his change, and the landlord the rest. She was plump and beautiful, and he was wildly fond of her ; she hated him ; but, womanlike, she strove to catch him. He was a fly. 'Waiter, can you bring me a nice young chicken smothered in onions V 'Nosan. We dosen't kill 'em dat way, sab. We cuts off der heads.' 'Circumstances alter cases,' said an un successful lawyer, 'and I wish I could get hold of gome cases that would alter my circum stances.' Little Tommy to his sister's beau: 'Say, Mr. De Snodgrass, let's play soldier ; I'll be General Washington, and you be General De bility.' Girl — ' Gimme quarter pound of tea, quick.' Clerk— 'What kind, green or black?' 'The blackest you've got ; it is for a colored funeral,' ' As busy as a bee' means just about the right thing. The bee labors about three houre per day, and has a jolly good time during the other twenty- one. This is the season when the small boy swims without wetting bis hair and dries himself by running about in the sun. But his mother's slipper awaits him all the same. The best thing a real ignoramus can do is to become a drunkard. Everybody will then observe what a smart man he would be if he ?would only let -whisky alone, and thousands of lies will be told for bis benefit. Scotch landlord (calling for the rent) — 'You don't think, surely, I'm to continue climbing three flights of stairs every day for your small rent ?' Pat—' Well, bedad, ye can come to me whin I take new lodgings on the ground floor,' Policeman — ' Come down out o' that, young feller.' Reporter — ' But I'm a reporter, and want to get a description of the fire.' ' To the divil wid you. You can't stay there. You kin foind out all about the foire in the morning papers.' 'You fairly worship the ground that girl walks on, Billy,' said Jack, 'and I can't see why. She's as cold as a block of ica.' ' I know she is,' returned Billy ; 'and that's why I love her. It's such jolly fun to go up three times a week and thaw her !' Minister to convict in penitentiary — ' How long are you in for, my poor fellow V Convict — 'For life.' Minister — 'Do you feel sad when you contemplate your past?' Convict — 'No, sir, but I feel sad when I contemplate my future.' 'On the top and surface, brethren,' said a minister last Sunday, 'things are often clean and right, but it is when we look below and explore the depths that we appreciate the meanness and deceptions of our fellow creatures.' He had been buying a barrel of apples. Chief of Detective Bureau — 'Have you drawn _ up your plans for this special case ?' Detective — *' Here they are, sir.' ' Humph ! Why didn't you use tracing paper ?' ' I didn't know that mattered, sir.' ' Certainly it matters. You would have the satisfaction of knowing that you had traced something during the year you have been here.' Wife — 'What makes you so late to-night, dear?' Husband (with indignation) — 'I've been arrested.' Wife — 'Arrested?' Hus band — 'Yes. I bought an umbrella to-day and marked on it 'Stolen from H. Smith.' The first policeman I met arrested me. I told him my name was Smith, but he wouldn't believe me.' An article has been going through the press to the effect that all Austrian and Russian Poles were ordered to quit Dantzig before October 1. Dancing is not a good thing for Poles, perhaps (says the Binghampton Re publican), but why a man should write it as though troubled with hay fever is one of the few things we don't know. Tramp — 'Please, sir, will you buy this ring ? 1 am starving. It is my wife's wedding ring — I ? ' (Breaks down and bursts into tears.) Gentleman (indignantly) — 'You lying rascal ! I bought your wife's wedding ring from you only last week to save you from starvation. You are &n; imposter.' ' Not at all, sir. This belongs to my second wife. I was married again last Monday.' ' Dear me, it is raining, Mrs. Randall, You cannot go out in the wet. Won't you stay to [ tea?' 'No, thanks; I must be getting home?' ' Well, anyway, you must wear my rubbers.' 'No, thank you, Mrs. Hopkins, it isn't raining much, and besides I liaven't any strings to tie them on with.' After the door was closed Mrs. Hopkins said she wished the mean old thing would catch her death of cold. ' I would like,' said the timid lover to the maiden who had just accepted him, 'I would like, since we cannot marry at once, to keep our engagement a secret for the present.' j ' Why 1' asked the astonished damsel. 'Why, I the fact is my parents would disown me ? ' j 'Di6ownyou? A in I not worthy to be their ] daughter ? Is my family not as good as yours ? | Am I not ? ' 'One moment, darling; one j little moment. You are mistaken.' 'Mis- j taken ! I would not marry you ? ' ' Stay, I I implore you ! You are my own, are better j than I. You are rich ; I am poor. My I parents would disown me— if I got jilted this j time.' I ' Dauvid,' a Scotch character, had a big ? mouth ornamented with a big tooth in front. Some of his friends wished him to have it re moved, but he would not listen to them. He maintained that the Almighty had some ! purpose in putting it there, so it did not j become him to frustrate that purpose. One j day, at a public dinner, a maiden lady of un- ! certain age and appearance quizzed him about ! his being a bachelor. With the bluntness of those days she said at last, ' If it were not for ! that tooth I might take ye myself.' Looking ! in his quaint way at her he quietly replied, 'The Almighty likely put it there, then, to Eave me from that fate.' ! The late Lord Strathnairn was one of the last and laziest of the 'dandies.' He was the most indolent lackadaisical languid person ?who ever dawdled along Piccadilly. When he ! was devastating Central India, and winning [ the splendid victories that immortalised his } name, he was so lazy that he could not be got | to dictate the dispatches recording his own triumphs. Months elapsed before these docu ments could be extracted from him, and then they were brief and meagre to the last degree. Ore day Sir Hugh Rose was entertaining a gallant company to dinner during the crisis of the mutiny, and the following is said to have occurred : — With the utmost sang froid he was delighting those near him with cne of his best anecdotes. In the middle of it his orderly entered, and after saluting, exclaimed, ' We have captured 200 rebels, sir.' To him the general turned, and with that elegant courtesy of manner on which he prided himself, serenely replied — 'Thank you, sergeant.' But the man still remained. Again interrupting his chief, he said — ' But what are we to do with them, sir?' ' Oh,' replied Sir Hugh, with a soft smile, 'hang them of course,' and he resumed his anecdote. In a little while Sir Hugh was again interrupted in the middle of another stoiy by the sergeant, who came in and said — 'Please Eir, we've hung the lot, sir.' The general turned, bowed slightly, and ia the sweetest manner lisped — 'Thanks, sergeant — very many thanks,' and then went on with his anecdote as if nothing had happened. This story came to the ears of the Queen, and she was so angry that it nearly cost Sir Hugh his peerage.' TOO SAD TO BE CONTINUED. [By Margaret Ejtinge.] There was a little man, And he had a little can. And a quart ci- more of kerosine was ia it ; And upon the kitchen fire, To make it burn still higher, He poured the oil ; and in much less than quarter of a minute There was no little can, ' There was no little man — The tale's too sad I can't go on — oh '. why did I begin it ': 