.: T E.'ARALGA. . ?From our Uorrespondent.. )J "Oa": Saturday night last ai most remarkable electrical phenomenon was seen here. From about 8 o'clock up to half-past 10 the whole of the eastern horizon and for some degrees above was kept in a blaze of illumination by continuous flashes of elee trical light, causing much surprise and a:mnazement, overy person with whom I have conversed upon the matter stating that they never witnessed anythiug to equal it before. I have thought this worth re cording, thinking that it might have lhad some connection with the alarming storm reported to have been raging on the southern coast of Victoria, the news of which, upon reaching Sydney-where tie storm did nat, luckily, turn up, as expected-caused much terror. Someno of the weather-wise say that it foretells a continuation of the present dry season, a bud autumn, followed by its sequel, a hard winter. Should this misfortune come upon us we will have to give up the ghost, we being now just barely able to keep body and soul together. I say "nil desperandum." In tihe face of all bad and hard times we are continually having additions to our business establishlnents; I suppose upon the same principle that it never rains but it pours. We have already two blacksmiths etablitshed here, and we are to Ihave a thlird. Mr. William Lawler, a young man of good parts, and who served hIis apprcuticeship in one of the leel establishnmonts, is going to start in business on his own account. We are also going to have a second teannery. Mr. Thomas Quinn, a young man well known here, who also was a pupil in tie old establishmoent, and who hils since beon po!ishled up with your Mr. Gillespic, of boot uand leathler fsame, is nowv busy putting down pita and oroetiug sheds, &e.;, seccessary for the conversion of the rasw material, bullook hide, into that more useful article, loather. This certainly shows that we are still advancing. Now, if we could only get a tailor to cosme and settle amongst us we eight umanageo to get along. sY~ have it aneounced that a barber,v who will give every satisfaction in the lathering and shaving line, is about opening lhtre. We had a great field day at the court-house on Monlday, whore a number of cases civil and crimio.el,wcra.. .dspeocd of In the matter of Murll:ency v. Kouu,;rl he plaintiff clanmed £1 18s 3d for ge'ds sold and delivered. Keughl swore positively that he nlever purchased the goods, and in cos;cqueance was not indcbtcd. IHowever, the Ipresiling magistrate stated that as he could not produce a reco:pt he must pay again, and gave a verdict for the full amount. The following cases were also d:alt with or otherwise settled: Maulloney v. Thomas Corhy, goods sold, £9 3S Id. Verdict for full amount. .Mlllaney v. Joseph 3later, and saine v. S. Slater. Both these cases wero settled out of court with a number of others of a paltry natture. The following oeases causeed soomeinterest :--Louis Chevalier suled Robert Rtobertsoniunder the Master and Servants Act for 16ii daya' wages at 10a per day as a painter for work done. Robertson, lhowever, satisfied the Bench that the plalintiff was working under contract, and not by the day, and obtained a dismissal. The Police v. Fitzgibbons, for a breach of the Licensing Act in supplying 'lPhilip Jsmieson, of Bannaby, willl liquor, there being a prohibition against the said Jamieson. This case caused a deal of excitemo:ent and interest, one of the magistrates at the opening of thS case falling foul of the senior-constable who had charge of the case. Shortly afterwards the magistrates had a most niseembly squabble amongst themselves, the question at issue being, not whether the charge was proven, but which of them was the soundest lawycr. However, the Bench, by majority, dismissed the cease, holding that the publican was not responsible for lIho action of his wife, she being the person stieted in the information to have supplied the liquor. One of the magistrates, Mr. W. H. Whiting, protested against the decision. In the case Police v. MIullaney, for supplying tlhe same person with liquor, the police withdrew the information. The following cases were postponed until thie sitting of the next court:--Eliza Horn v. John Fitzgibbons, aessault; Michael Fitzgibbons v. Lena Horn, trespass. In the trespass case of Case v. Michael Donohoe there was no appearance. The coinmitteo of the Agricultural Society have instructed Mr. J. J. Lynch to sell by public auction on Saturday, the 20hls February, ahe refreshment stalls and publican's booth at. the forthcoming show. The weather is now very dry, and every sign of rain lhas disappeared. I am informed that the late high winds of Saturday and Sunday last almost skinned our orchards of fruit, in many instances apples in the shape of windfalls lying uponthe ground in cart-loads. At the last meeting of the Progress Conimitteo theleoretary read a letter from the "Colonel," W. H. IIolborow, M.P., stating that the Minister for Justice had caused to be put upon the estimates a sum sufficient for the pay.ment of salary of a Clerk of Potty Sessions for Taralga, which appointment would be at onsc made. A communication was:also read from the Minister for MinUes, that the sum .f £500 would be placed on the estimates for theio erection of a visitors' cottage at the Whlombenmn Caves. February 2, 1880. 