The Markey's Ghost. By ' Author op ' Paraded in I ' Print.' OME days bofore Christmas Eve, 1885, Melbourno Moore favored me a *ovr remarks. Wc were sitting on thobalcony at our lodg. ^ — ing, ho looking with discontented oyes at the outside world. ' I have come to the conclusion,' he said, ♦?that flwcethcarting is the cheapest of all amusements. I lose at horse rncca, orat boat races, but swcctlicarting is cheap. I havo a plan for our mutual enjoyment Of course, I shall go home to the farm, and you and tho .M arkey had better como with me ; I'll get my mothor to invite a counlo of nice girls,, and we will have a jolly time.' M Why not three girls ? ' ' Two are enough ; there always ought to be one man over ; if I got tired of one girl, I can go fishing, and leave you and the Markey to do the entertaining,' Tho Markey agreed to go with us. It would have been a strange proposal that failed to pleaso Phillip Towers. He was a jolly fellow, with a something so aristocratic about him that wc at first called him ' the noble earl,' but on discovering that his mother was actually a lady in her own right, wo promoted him to the rank of Mar* quis, and he eventually became ' Tbo Markey.' Melbourne Moore instructed us to each take a travelling rug, and on Christmas Eve we reached tho farm, a happy trio. The Markey took four tennis racquets, two ham mocks, and about 201bs. of preserved ginger. His rug was the best of the lot. Mrs. Moore, Mel's mother, received us kindly ; she was one of those charming old ladies who are always surrounded by pretty girls. Her niccc, Poppy, was a splendid creature, whose play at tennis was deliberate. 8he smiled calmly as she sent the balls over tho net, whilo her friend, Mary Morris, mndo a frantic rush, opened her mouth wide, missed the ball, and generally shook her shower of yellow hair all around the court. In spite of theso tennis peculiarities, within two days Mary had made the Markey her captivc, aud judging by the way she swung in his ham mock, and ato his ginger, she was, as Mel expressed it, 11 sweet on him.' Two days after Christmas, Mel's father was unexpectedly called away. Hcl, who rode to the station with him, on returning, took the Markey and me into 'tho cottage,' as we called the detached room where wc bache lors slept. Mel drew a letter from his pocket, 6aying : ' Bead this.' It was from Mrs. Crabb, our landlady, who complained to Mel that his friend Mr. Towers owed her for a month's lodging; and, in addition, he had stolen a travelling rug of hers, and that un less the money was paid and tho rug re turned within two days, proceedings would be taken. 'We haven't been to the station since wc c.imeup; the two days have expired; what shall we do ? ' asked Mcl The Markey flung himself on his bed, ex claiming, ' The ungrateful old crone ; 1 sent her a lovely Christmas card.' ' Why didn't you pay her 1 ' I asked. ' I hadn't the mo^py.' ' What in the name of common sense made you fritter away your month's screw in rac quets and hammocks ? ' demanded Mcl. ' I wanted to bring something to amuse the girls. Mrs. Crabb knows that I mean to pay her. I always do pay once a month, only not in advance,' (* But about the rug ? ' I asked, ' This is it.' The Markey lifted it off his bed. ' The rug was kept on a couch in my room ; how can it matter to her whether I *uso it cither horo or there ? ' said the Markey in an injured tone of voice, ' Didn't you ask her for it 1 ' ' No ; I left without saying good-bye. I was afraid she would worry me to havo 'Christmas dinner with her,' ' Is thero anything of yours which sho can ? annex 1 ' I asked. ? ' Nothing but an odd dumb-bell and an old I 3iat.' I ' I havo only a little silver, and the pater, ! having gone, I can't raise any moro, I might j -try mother — ' Mel began, \ Tho Markoy rose. ' I won't hear of it ; I would spend a century in gaol rather than ask her. We talked for a long time, and finally de cided that Mcl should return tho rug, and send a letter. This epistlo was a joint affair, and began : — My dear Mrs. Crabb ' ' Abominable old orone I ' murmured the Markey. ' I am exceedingly sorry that the Honor ablo Phillip Towers — ' ' I'm not an Honorable.' ' Of courso you're not honorable, but you will be when you pay her; she will forgive tho rug business if sho thinks it an aristo cratic freak.' The letter proceeded : — ' I am exceedingly sorry that the Honor able Phillip Towers should have occasioned you anxiety. He came to my father's house, as you know, but has sinco left. I have no doubt that he will pay his debt to you in a few days. I am unable to forward the money, being in the wilds of the bush. Should the Honorable Phillip not pay you by the cud of the week, I will be responsible for his debt. Meanwhile, my books, Daven port, and clothing remain as his security.' As Mel finished, the Markey groaned— ' Where am I to go ? I sec that you mean me to leovo.' ' You must go by this afternoon's train, get out at Thompson's siding, and cut back here, Ono of us will be at tho boathouso to row you in the direction of the island, where you'll have to stay until wc raise somemoney,'' said Met Just then Mary tapped at the wall with a tennis racquet. The Markey ran his fingers through his fair hair, and bis smile vanished. ' You won't tell the girls 1 ' ho said, u Of cfeurs«rnotf ; wo don't want to mako .Mary uncomfortable by letting hor know that every pound of ginger she has devoured has been an insult to your landlady,' I said. The Markoy fled to break the news of his sudden departure, while Mel and I directed tho rug to Mn. Crabb. When he said '? good-bye ' he fairly trembled, for Mary insisted upon putting a sandwich in his bag, and ho was in agony for fear she might see the mwit, biscuits, and rather suspicious looking bottle Mcl had stowed there. 'My spirit shall hover near you,' the Markey said, as he held Mary's hand. At last wc got him away, and carried out Mel's programme. I met tho Markey two hours later, and rowed him to the end of the cleared water; h« sprang out of the boat on to a clump of ti-trcc, and plunged through the thick scrub, carrying his bag and a small ?'vagabond tent.' There was only a faint truck to the island, which Mel had shown us when wo went wallaby-hunting. As I watched the Markey stepping from tussock to tussock in the sunset light, I thought it the queerest way for a man to spend his holidays. Tho next day Mel and I, under prctcncc of going duck-shooting, cut ncross to the island. The Markey had rigged up his tent, and said that ho ' liked camping,' but by the way he questioned us about Mary I knew that he longed to sec her. When Mcl nnd 1 went back to the house we saw the girls on the lawn talking to a stranger, who on seeing us drew Mel aside and said that he had come to arrest the Markey, which had n gruesome sound, Mcl told him that Sir, Towers had left by the train for Melbourne, which was true, and that the rug had been returned. The man seemed to think that Mrs. Crabb had made a fuss about nothing ; still he meant to have tho Markoy, but at last went off to the town ship. Mel said, ' I wish the governor would come home,' and I wont into the garden to wonder how I could raise some monoy. I saw Mary sitting under the vine-covered trellis, her head upon her outspread arms on the rustic table. As the moonlight revealed her dejected attitude, it occurred to mc that if 'swcethcarting' was cheap to Mel, some one else was finding that it cost dear. -As 1 watched, a figure appeared on the path. It was the Markey. Bareheaded, dripping with water, like an apparition, he' appeared before the girl. She lifted her head, and stared, then gave a fearful scrcam. He sprang for ward, but 1 hurried him into the shadow of the musk tree, and calling him a few uncom plimentary names, ordered him back to tho island. Poppy ran to comfort Mary, who kept on sobbing, ' He is dead, 1 saw his ghost, he has been drowned.' This madcMcl and me unhappy ; we spent the next morning on the island abusing the Markey. ' Ifyoumustseu tho girl, comeasamati; do something to prove you arc not a ghost,' said Mcl ; and that same night the wretch obeyed him. 1 was on the rerandah, trying to cheer Mary, when a figuro appeared tho other side of hor hammock. As she sat up her eyes dilated with horror. Tho Markey put his hand on her shoulder, and, giving her the most unghostly kiss possible, vanished from tho verandah. 1 was paralysed with indig nation. Mary was in tears. Again Poppy flow to tho rcscuo, at whoso side of course was Mel, who enquired anxiously, 'tho Markey's ghost, what did he say ?' 'Nothing,' sobbed Mary. 'What did ho do ?' ' He— ho kissed mo I' ' Oh ! surely not, you screamed, and I ; kissed you,' said Poppy, trying to improve | matters. 1 ' Poppy, you— you haven't a moustache,' ! came in tragic tones from the hammock. When Mcl and I next saw the Markey, wc bullied him in earnest. ' 1 thought it the simplest way without speaking to show her that I wasn't dead,' was his sole apology. You certainly are a first-class idiot,' said Mcl, ' you must give mo your word not to leavo the island again until I fetch you'; my father will be home to-day, 1 will sond Mrs. Crabb hor money to-night, and then come for you,' The Markey gave us his. word not to leave the island until callcd for. He borrowed Mel's guu explaining that any report would merely bo thought some one duck shooting further down stream. Mr. Moore returned at mid-day. Mel borrowed the money, and sent it with interest to Mrs. Crabb, but after we returned from tho station, it was too lato to go for the Markey. We were saying ' flood night ' to the girls on the verandah, when Mary, suddenly clutch iug my arm, whispered, 'his ghost! see, his ghost f' 8uie enough there stood the Markoy. 1 was wild' at his breaking his word. I QQtild see that Mel had the same feeling. Wo sprang forward, and seizing his arms, dragged him to tho, light of tbo doorway. He mado no sound ; . his' clothes were drenched, evon his hair wet through ; his perfect silence, and a certain feebleness in his walk, filled us with fear. Mary, with trembling steps, ndvanccd and touched his arm as if to prove him real. Ho put his hand on hers, thon leaned against her shoulder, and on the front of her white dress we saw a sudden patch of crimson. Mel nnd I plucked up courage to help ' Mary, and beforo long tho Markey came to himself. He apologlBod for having broken his word, but tho gun had gone off unex pectedly, nnd tho charge lodged in his ' shoulder. He had dragged himself from tho . island by long and painful struggles. Mary, on seeing ho was not a ghost, found her lost courage, and aided by lovo and that clever Poppy, proved a splendid nurse. Evon Mrs. Crabb, as Mol said, came out of her shell ; for on his convalcsccncc she received the Markey most kindly, and with humblest apologies still calls him ' the honorable ! Philip.' Mcl, thanks to his cousin Poppy, I continues to think highly of 'sweetheart- ing.' I havo most reason to complain, for, having nothing tangible to keep from that Christmas trip, havo to rest satisfied with a memory of the Markey's ghost. '? v''' Evidently from the Country. Young Jenkyns (to his cousin, elderly and blazi) — ' Oh, Tom, I lovo hor so | devotedly, yet I fear she will not havo me. She is twenty-eight, and so charming 1' I Tom— ^ ' * Twenty-eight /' and yet you fear sho won t accept you ? Well, you I are green !' j 