SPAMS AM S'PSAY, At wh,ak time was Adam married ? On his wedding Eve. Urea: a clothes lino bocomos unsteady When It has. too many shoots in tho wind. What is taken from you boforo you poss ess it ?. Your photograph. Why is a horse like an onion ? Beoauso it does not know its own strengh. Adam is said to be tho only man who never tantalised his wife about; 'tho way his mother used to cook. Closing song at the mooting last evening ; ? And take a pill, and take a pill, and take' a pilgrim home.' Glorious Nbwb for Schoolboys. — A Sootch tailor advertises boys jackets as defy ing anything to beat them. The world is fall of change A good many people wlih they could say the samo of their pookols. There aro nnmorons individuals in the land who look upon what they hoinfc got az tho only thing worth having. 'Why are the men of genius so often bachelors !' Wo don't know exactly, but un derstand now wby it is that wo have re mained single. 'Our liberties are preserved in brine,' said Douglas Jerrold ; 'the sea is our safety and our' strength.' An exchange oontains an article headed 'Reform at Funerah.' This, in our opinion will be of littlo good. Tho time of reform is before death. An American newspaper bears this legend ' Entered at the post offico as second class matter.' After looking over the paper, we cannot but admire the candour of the editor. 'What shall be done with our calves,' asks an agriculturil editor. Well, for one thing, we suggest that they be stuffed before they are exhibited on a bicycle. An old man-of-war Bailor, who had lost a leg in the service of his country, became a retailer of peanuts, He said he was obliged to be a retailer because, having lost a leg, he oould not be a whole sailor. 'What is conscience ?' asked a Sabbath school teacher of his class. 'An inward ? monitor,' replied a sharp little fellow. 'And - whafs a monitor V 'One of the ironclads.' An absent huBband telegraphed to bis wife : 'I send you a kias.' Ho received as a reply : 'Sprucn young man called and delivered the kiss in good order.' Josh Billing's Philosophy. — I heve no ob jeekshon to a man parting his hair in tho middle, bat I shall alwuss insist upon his finishing up the job by wearing a short gown and pettikoat. 'JLnat s tue sort of umbrella that people appropriate.' said a gentleman to a com panion one morning, showing him a very handsome one. 'Yes,' rejoined his companion quietly, 'I thought, so when I saw you holding it.' '1 never saw such a woman in all my life,1 said Ross ; you are never satisfied with any tbing.' . 'People who know the man I took for a husband,* replied Mrs R., 'think, on the oontrary, that I am very easily satisfied.' Master : 'Well, Susan, did you post my letter, as I told you?' Faithful Servant ; 'Yes, sir ; but I bad it weighed first, aad as it was double weight, 1 put on another stamp.' Master; 'Good girl: but I hope you didn't put it on so as to obliterate the address,' Faithful Servant: 'Oh, no, indeed, sir ; I just stuck it on top of the other Btamp, so as to save room.' The other day while a monitor was hear ing a'boy recite hia lessons, the following passage occurred : ' The wages of Bin is death.' The monitor wishing to get wages out by deduction, asked, ' What does your father get on a Saturday night ?' The boy answered 'Diunk,* A boy eight yearii of age was asked by his father where the zenith was. He replied ; ' The spot in the hoavens directly over one's head.' To test his knowledge the teacher asked*. 'Can two persons have the same zenith at the same time1' 'They can.' 'How ? 'If one Btantls on the other's head. . A Burlington boy who can imitate a cat to the life, haB secured quite a number of be its and shoes, besides other bric-a brae, this Bpring, by tho exercise of his talents under people's windows after dark. He supplies the whole family with footwear. A patient complained to his physician that he was pursued by a ghost the night before as be was going hoiae from the tavern. '.What shape was it V asked the doctor. 'In the shape of an ass,' replied the man, ?Go home,' said the doctor and keep sober, You, were tipsy last night and frightcDed by your own shadow !' Awagish journalist, who is often merry over his personal plainness, tells this story of himself :— 'I went to a chemist the other day for a dose of morphine for a sick friend. The assistant objected to give it to me without a prescription., evidently fearing that I intended suicidu. 'Pshaw,' said I. 'd I lookliko a man who would kill himself '? Goring steadily at me for a moment, he re plied, '1 don't know. It seems to me if I looked like you I should be greatly tempted to kill myself.1 ' Circumstances alter cases ; but I wish I eould get hold of some cases that would alter my circumstances,' said Lord Brough am when he was a struggling Iawyor. ' Baby cries, and is sent to a side tablo. Papa says, 'When you have a beard you can Bit with papa.' The houBC-cat jumps up familiarly beside him. Baby (furiously) : — 'Jump down! You have a beard. Go and eat with papa I1 A man in Ohio borrowed a gun, saying be wanted to shoot birds. He went into the woodB put the muzzle of the gun to bis head and blew out bis brains. He didn't tell a falsehood. He shot a goose. An Irishman, writing a aketch of his life, says be early ran away from his father, bo caiiEO he discovered ho was only his undo. A little girl of sevon exhibited much dis quiet at hearing of a now exploring expedi tion. When asked why she should care about it, aho said — 'If they discover any more ; countries, they will add to tho goo graphy I have to study. There aro count iies enough in it now.' : 'The example of a Sootch baronet of old might be valuable as regards the only safe motliod of proceeding to arbitration. Sir John Imioa, after discussing the prelimin aries of an arbitration was asked, 'But will ye abide by my award V Sir John replied : ''Faith I would like to ken first what it is.' .,. A ! gentleman. travelling. on a railroad lost his hat,, when, without a moments hesitation jie pitohod out his hat box, on which was his name .and address, wisely judging that the letter would lead to the return of the former which it did. . ?? Two* legislators wore recently conversing 'opontbs subject. of voting, when ono of them rlnquired,,'WellIn'W, but what is a man to ?do when he don't know anything about the rmatterr 'Well,' replied the other, 'I have got twi-.' 'rules nboufc th't, ? . When anything i-comGB upl koopTnyoyes open, nud voto at ?'jjomobody else does' whom I btlieve to-be . honent, nr olai I vote against it. 1 believe d8'-a,'genh-at.'rUle,uth-»'aAfeBt way is to rote o'gainB4'«VBrything/ ' ?- ?? -' ??;? pi'Cdrions 3?f(v'isformatiou— When a horso ia .turned, into ''?»? pasture .''. Taking him literally.— Old Sorooby— 'Vou ? ?'ilin'tiniiia smoking; 1 hope ?' Polite Travel !ler~'Well,;I 'don't usually do it so early— 'i-ut lw wit rofuse a good offer.' (Scrooby, wloie weeds atund him in eighteen peuce a yitoe, is charmed.) 