THE HON. J. SERVICE AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. Air Service delivered Ms farewell address lo the electors of Litis constituency last night. The building throughout was crowded to its utmost capacity, and a large number of persons were compelled to stand. Ilio Mayor ot the iiovougn, Or W. Gaultun, presided, and on the platform were tho following gentleman The Hon. Graham Borry, Messrs J. F. Lovion, M'Lcllan, Tuckor, Langridgc, Young, Giuliani, Hall, W. M. Clark, Yeo, Dully, Cameron, Boucliior, Campbell, Bell, T. Moore, Shackoll, and M'Intyre, Ms.L.A., and Messrs Bell, Hannah, Meures, and Sargood.Ms.L.C. A number of in fluential residents from Castlemaine and the out lying districts, including Messrs Morriiield, Cor nish, Finlayson, James, B. Reid, W. C. Hal- ford, Yeats, and H. 0. Rowe wore also on the platform. Tho Chairman briefly stated that they were all doubtless aware of tho object of tho meeting, viz., to hear an address from the Hon. J. Ser vice, and lie hoped that tho audience would give him a patient hearing. (Applause). Mr Service, in rising to address the meeting, was received with several rounds of cheering. He said it afforded him great pleasure to address a Castlemaine audience in his contemplated re tirement from public life. Indeed, lie felt that it would neither bo just to himself, nor compli mentary to liis constituency, without giving some account of his political conduct during his acquaintance with tliem. This was the mode he had selected of saying goocl-bye to those who had placed such great confidence in him. He regretted that his voice was not in that form which would enable him to do complete justice to the topics ho had been revolving in his mind, a recent cold having left a relaxation of tho vocal chords. He would, howover, deal witli tlie difficulty as best lie could, throwing himself upon their generous sympathy, and requesting them to give Mm the best and most careful at tention they were capable of. (Clieors). He would just recall tlieir attention to the beginning of 1882, when he returned to the colony after a two years' absence, and found that the Parlia ment had boen adjourned, but had never met; the only reason assigned by Sir B. O'Loglileii was given in a memo, that tlio obstructivencss of tlie House was so great that public business could not bo conducted with use to tlie country In February, six weeks after his return, lie solicited tlio suffrages ofjthe Castlemaine electors, and was returned by them. It bocamo apparent shortly after that tho reign of the O'Loglileii Ministry was characterised by great anxiety apd trouble, bordering on anarchy, that neither the Houso nor tlio country had confidence in their management, and that public business could not be conducted, it being impossible oven to get tlie Estimates passed. The inception of tlio present Government shortly after took place with the general concurrence of the electors' paian, with tho trouble and anxiety of the confusion that reigned, and which impelled them to seek a haven of rest in which the public business might be carried ou. When the now Parliament dis played a small minority, lie moved a voto of no-confidence, not so much to arraign tho out going Ministry as to carry out tlie verdict the country had pronounced. A formal vote of no- confidence was accordingly carried, and tho pro- sent Ministry, called the Coalition Ministry, in troduced to tho country. As was not surprising, some persons predicted that the Coalition of parties boded no good to the country ; this pro- diction was not fulfilled, however, the Govern ment was formed almost immediately, and had continued to fulfil its usoful duties. Some ques tions outsido of ordinary legislation demanded its attention at its first action. irish informers. The country pronounced strongly against their presence, anil supported tho Ministry in the action tliey took to protect the public from their dangerous influence. This gave tho Ministry ii hold they had retained ever since. FEDERATION. ; Then came the question of Federation, the Annexation of New Guinea, tlio control of the convicts, which threatened to invade tliis colony from New Caledonia, tho invasion of tho New Hebrides, always recognised as English ground through the labours of the Missionaries by the refuse of the criminal class. These ques tions were vigorously discussed throughout the colonics, and testified that the electors wcro fully in accord with tho Ministry in the great principles involved, and the important objects sought to bo secured. Whilst on this topic lio could not refrain from expressing his gratitude to the electors of Castlemaine for tho support tlioy gave tlie Ministry oil all these questions by showing that tlie pressure of busi ness did not prevent tliein from penetrating beneath the surface of tilings, and encouraging the action and strengthening tho hands of the Government in these and other important ques tions. (Applause.) the coalition policy. Ho would briefly and hastily, as was consis tent with clearness, indicate a few of its most important points, and thus put tho coping stone on the work done during tlie last three years. In reference to tho character of tho Ministry, he was told to say that, although composed of antagonistic materials in some re spects, it had been as united and harmonious as any party Government could possibly be. From first to last, no unpleasant feeling had ever manifested itself. Doubtless, differences of opinion had existed on various matters of detail ; but, as a rule, these interfered with harmony of action. The members always took care not to encroach on each other's liberty of thoughts, and the greatest anxiety was always shown' to re spect each other's views 111 a hearty and generous manner, and to yield tlieir own feelings rather than cnforco them unduly on tile mincls of thoir fellow members. Such was the whole career of the Coalition Ministi'y-peaW, liberality of sefttimpnt, and unity of 'piiypoe characterising tlie wholo body. According to the testimony of the opponents,, tlie Coalition had done one good thing for tho country ; it had destroyed those animosities which had estranged friend from' friend, so that party feuds had died out, men had been able to devoto themselves to. their own business and promote their mutual advan tage ; and it was not too much to Hay that, dur ing tlie existence of the Goalltion Ministiy, the'; country had enjoyed a three years' period of ex-; ccptional prosperity.' political patronaoe. It would be remembered that when ho first addressed tliem Ji® told them that one of the objects of the Government was to dqljoy ppji: tibal'piitronrige, wliiciij like a cefiCer, ybji eritlrig into tho vitals of society. 'Ho expressed his do- termination to put on end to that, and the Go vernment had fulfilled its promise. the railway com, mission act was one of tho most important of the meaiiB employed. Tho evil working of tho old systom was well known to the eloctors, their member, Mr Patterson, having taken tlio initiative in set ting his face against the corrupt system of patronage which formerly exisiod. He was tho first to givo it a fatal blow, which the Govern ment had followed by a system which put an owl t» it. This patronage was in tho hnpcjs of olio man, who Bonielimcs transferred it to his suc cessor in office. Boforo llio Act canio into operation, patronage forced its protozoa in the Departments, and whether there wore .vacancies or not members of Parliament were never froo from solicitations to provide Llieip followers with billets, whether t hey wore fit for the d.utics or wit. It was this intolerable system which Mr Patterson donounced and ridiculed unsparingly, anil which tho now Act had put tlio firiiph to. The member of Parliament could not escape from the meshes laid for liiin ; if the mini wanted a billot he wiis put in, .110 mutter how disqualified for tho work. The applicant for office could not bo got rid of whether a goou man or the greatest muff ; ho and Jijs friends peraevered ill tlieir importunity, ajid (litis politi cal influence was employed to find billots for the most iiicompbtont characters, and all the rule's of the Department wore ignored. ' Another objectionable feature of this policy was that there was no continuity ; one Minister was able to build a shed which his success- -r would probably knock down. Under tbc lieiv Act howover, this was preserved, awl not only so, but responsibi lity was presorved also. Loss of life was also greater under tho old than tho new systom. There were occasional accidents, hut these wcro dying out under superior management. Tlio Act' had rendered itself acceptable to the cojit'i- ti-y ; it had been well thought out, arid tlio Com missioners fully relied on it' for instruction arid authority. They had nevor yet applied ' to the Attorney-General for explanations, being abjp fully to make everything out of tlieir oivri read ing and study. (Cheers). Ho would call their attention to the fact that the railways were a grand national property, and. if they were made to pay by tho application of ail improved management they would eventually pay off tlie interest of the national debt. If so, the rates for passengers and produce might be reduced, thus a fine property would be created; public credit would be sustained and enlarged, and Victoria for its railway system would riot be sur passed by any country under the sun. ruBLic service act This Act, if carried out in its integrity, was calculated to place the service in higher grounds than it had hitherto occupied. It was tiriie sonic dissatisfaction had been expressed by its members, but it was by those who reasoned froriij a narrow and selfish point of view; It- was not oasy to find legitimate: reasons for dis satisfaction witli an Act, which witnessed the principle of competitive examination for ad mission to its members, which was opeu to all the pupils who had passed the State school ex amination, and which made promotion to de- pend oil seniority than which fairer condi? tions could not be possibly imagined. Tho Act had worked, and was working to perfection. Mr Service replied at considerable length to thq objections' of various complaints of tlie new system, showing that they were based on erroneous and impracticable views. One great recommendation of the Act was that every man's work was classified, and this was fair although it failed to please a few discontented persons, whodesiredtliat all dissatisfaction should be regulated by a standard of tlieir own appointment. It was absurd to suppose tliat a classification based on equitable principles would prove satisfactory to those who entertain extravagant notions of their own merit. A few persons lmd attempted the try-on system, but tho Commissioners were not to be moved froni a just and intelligent policy, nor was it worth while to notice these minute blisters on the sur face, which did no! affect tlie life's blood of the Act. The country would never go back to the old system ; all classes were placed on the same level ; they would bo allowed to rise without fear or favour, and promotion by seniority Was an invariable rule. ' 1 11ie mallee and land acts. Air Service took credit for the passing of these measures. The former, if supplied witli water, would render a desolate 'interior the fruit ful garden of Victoria. Half the hind' would revert to the Government in 5 years, and tlie remaining half in 20 yours. The Land Act hacj thrown open to cultivation 17 millions of acres of land, which were never used. Several millions of acres would eventually revert to tho Govern ment in an improved statof-and uasist to pay the national debt. ' discitline a ox. Then there was tho Discipline Act, the intro duction of which had given universal satisfac tion since the old volunteer system had boen defunct. (Cheers.) There was not sufficient animation nor feeling in the old system, and tho whole thing had fallen into ' desuetude. Our Minister of Dofunce (Colonel Sargood), in carry ing this Act through the Houso, witli the vigour aqd'-ouprgy that was characteristic of him, was deserving of the wannest praise that could, lici lavished upon any individual. (Cheers.) By tlio 'introduction of the Act, Colonel Sargorid liad done a grand thing for tho coloiiy. Helms given us a live army, and one that was a credit to any colony. (Cheers.) Ho had also bpiin tho means of establishing and organising rifle clubs in nearly every district,' as well us iit tlio various State schools, where the pupils could lio taught the noble art of solf-dpfpncp. (Ap plause.) Taken as a whole, the Discipline Act was a boon to tlie colony, and there was not much fear to bo apprehended of it working pro perly. Then tlioro was tho railway construction act. The railways in various parts of tho country were being constructed witli great rapidity, and would prove of much benefit to the inhabi tants. (A voice : What about the-workshbj>s at Newport.) He then referred to the harbour trust bill and judicature act. -, The Judicature - Act would prove of great ad vantage to tlio colony, as it will enable matters to be dealt with from all sides of it. If an ac tion were brought by one individual against another, tlio latter could do likewise, and both could be heard at the samo time. (Cheers.) This could not be done heretofore. Then, there was the mining on private property act. This Act had been introduced by soveral suc cessive Governments. It had been sent 'to1 tlie Upper Houso no fewer than six times, and on each occasion it had been rejected. Thejast time the measure was sent to'tlio Council it re-' ccived several modifications ; but there would not be aii aero of land in the colony that would, bo tabooed to tlio miner. (Cheers.) It had been stated that there wore flaws in the Act, but nevertheless it had been found to work well. When tlio Assembly sent the Bill to the other Chamber they made certain amendments in it which did not satisfy, tho Assembly. But the Council had to use its own judgment just the saiuo as the Assembly. Then the question arose, Woro tlio Assembly to put this Bill in tho Statute Book as it: was, or allow it to drop altogether ? Tliey cliose the lesser of tho two evils, and it was takon for what it was worth — and lie could say that it was worth a good deal. (Cheers.) There was also tho . licensing bill and factories bill. Both were recognised as grandmotherly legislation— (laughter)— but each bad come very much to the front. To, piany.Qf the resi dents in the country districts;' the1 providfemk of ' tho measures were of far less interest to them than those living in Melbourne. Soveral of the points in connection witji the Dills did nob possess much interest fpjr tji cMjntiyp: $jio Government did not wajjt 'to'ihrilte such lejjitla- tybjail as would result in any great injury being deno to tlie inhabitants in tlie country districts. (Cheers.) He would'not forget to speak upon tlie important subject of , \- IRRIGATION. s He appealed to all present as being a thoroughly roprps.entritivo" assemblage of tlie who!.? 'oolimy, to . say whether any previous Government had shown as muh vigour and onergy iii tliis matter as tho present one. Mi- Deakin, a gentleman experienced in agrioub l.uval matters, had boon sont to America, and on his return lio luid Jirought hack a vast amount of valuable arid ' interesting informalitm.' He had, in a very picturesque and distinct manner, laid the whole facts boforo Pai'liameiit iii relic tion to what ho witnessed in America. One advantage was incidentally derived by M(' Ppakinjs visit to Ajporicii. On making inquiry lie "(Mr Dcakiu) found that in connection with thoir waterworks, tlio zimorionns iispfi jro'u pipes ii)Stoad of 'tho ejist iron ones' ii'sed iii this colonyi In America, shoAt-ifqn pipes we'rii Uficc . _ Mi- Dcqkih brought this nrij.ttbr under the cgriiijipe of: Hie Grivoriimcrit erikinebW ii) this coiohy i and ah far us he (Mr Soryiiib) cqujd say, jqst now, that' out of ii contract' tliat' would cost L'100,000, and whicji hail rbcontly been 'entered into by 'tlie ' Goyei'iinie|it in ciiniiectidii with mains from the Yan Yean, no less than L60,000 wbuicl be sa'v6d' out of 'Unit jiihount by usjiig llio Same kipil of pipes as tlicy did lq AjrjciTciu (Chtiers.) Ho repeiited: thiit by djspdlisitjg witli the cljkt iron pipes a' saving of alnio'st twoj- fifths of tlie 'oiitire aiuount tiiafc wpiild 'otlicrwise have been entailed had bccii pffecfcd. ' He thcij camp tu THE flNANCliS. The Government Intel had Veyy difiicplb thingif to face in relation to' tlie fiiiapc6,s qf tjio colony. When the present Government' (pok' tofli'cb tlicy liad to raise the suip of L8,CK)p,p0p within twq years. That (via ii 'great and .soyipus matter tij tjp, jnpl if cquiipi) h|m gfeat troulijo hjii ulujasi- hess. ' It ivas pleasing, however, 'to be ablo t-o state tjiat the Whole of tho cireuiristiinces in cofi- iieblipri witli tlie netoiiiplishm'ent'pf bjuit liacj been earned out 'to a' succogsfuj issqp.' (Cheers.) Everything liad passed off most satis factorily, and the Govornnicht were eiiablod to pay off tlieir bonds without any difiiculty being experienced at all. (Cheers,) ' In former years, all the Treasurer had to say was, " I would like to get L6,000,000, and if you liko you ban vote that amount." But now things were entirely diffioreut. ' Pressure, in that respect, ljad been brought to bear upon membprs of parliament, and now the "biggest beggar was blip biggest sharer." (Cheers' and laughter.) ''' For tjip past two years lip (the Frpmier) bad bepn enabled to keep the expenditure within the income; (Cheers.) The Treasurer had nothing to do at all ; lie had nothing in his pocket. There was another feature to bo proud of. They had the largest balance in tlie Bank that' they had lipd for many yeais— (cheers)— but lio thought tlie most pleasant part was this. When the 'Govern ment took office the debentures stood at L101 5s, or L2 or_L3 below the Sydney debentures. They now stood at L105 lOs-r/cheors)— find fori tlie first time for many years they liad topped tho New South Wales debentures. (Clieors.) These are points that the Ministiy may be justi fied In bringing under tlib notieo of all present. In the books of the Department, when Govern ment took office, were the names of no less than 435 of the unemployed class. But lie could say- tluit for tlie past' two years tligrp has not beoii a single name of tho unemployed written in tlicj book. (Clioers.) But the Government did notj take all tlie credit for this state of alliiirs. Maybe there were other influences in operation that tended to produce sucli a prosperous state of affairs. ' THE FEDERATION QUESTION. : Tlio peoplo lwvo been watching this matter with keen interest and regard, arid no doubt tho majority of tliem knew what position they were in at the present moment. He could say tliatj five provinces out of the eight comprising the Australian Group have unitccj. Tqose ' five provinces represent, LI, 500, 00,0 people, or just one-half of the Australian colonies. (Cheers.) It is a matter of deep fegret that tho other colo' riics did not coriie and join us in a subject thafj was of deep concern . to Australia. But it is tq be hoped they will not remain" disunited for: a lengthy period. He had read in the newspapers that morning that a. -German man-;of-war had lauded a body of marines at Samoa, for the pur-; pose of protecting the Sumoau traders in that part of the island, and tlio Samoan flag had boon' lowered. Also, that the authorities at the Colo-i nial Office have reason to believe that the Gor man Government have no intention of annexing Samoa. Tlio Hist Federal Council is to sitae Hobart on tho 25th inst., and Mr Berry ami himself had been ehoseri to represent Victoria at the Conference. He had no doubt that thq sitting ' would he a, fruitful ono ; it would ha liko a grain of iuustard s'ecd, that would grow, quickly and spread throughout tho length and breadth of the land. " ! ANNEXATION. i Everybody knew that New Guinea came tq griof through too inaction of the then Colonial Secretory, He instanced the disastrous result that accrued owing to a telegram Bent by Sir' Alexander Stuart, of the Now South Wales Legislature, und also the misconstruction put upon one seiit byhimself in relation to thesq Islands. This matter taken us a whole, could bd written' in tlie fulurp by historians, who would he able to set forth all the narratives, and cir' cumstiuices surrounding the annexation' of Now Guinea. ' Mr Service also reviewed, briefly thq action of Germany respecting the annexation,' and. roniarkod that the, Gormaus woro good neighbours, being neither selfish nor greedy: and tliey were nob likely to come to loggerheads with tlio British nation. It was a pleasing sight to seo the Union Jack flying in'overy harlMiUr iu the Pacific Islands. (Clioers.) So far as con-: victisih is concerned, it has received its death blow. As we now, havo theso Islands nothing can be done with - tliem until Australia is con sulted. We are now secure for some tiino to come from these Islands falling into the liands of the French. (Cheers.) " Ho narrated the tenor of a telegram' ho had sont to the effect that it would "lio in judicious to niakb any terms.iyith1 ; Franco regarding Now Guineai -He 'would, never consent that any portion of the Islands should' go to Franco. (Clieors. )' He also stated in his telegraphic message that we ( Victorians) don't' caro whether Francb' was about to establish a penal' settlement there ; the next French Par- liament would overturn that project." ' ; 'l TALKING MEMBERS. All liad worked hard for annexation, azid tjje Government had carried on ' the busuioaa: more1 by silence than talking. In a Housp of 80 mem bers, where the half of those woro dummies,: and the others talked agsinst time, Ministers founfi it expedient to hold their tongues, so as to jet busiuess go on, even at tho risk of being found fault" with. This was a belter course than gabbing away timo, though, fortius reti cence, they wore blamed as if they did not do enough work. 'It was now time ho told the talo ho deferred about Haaman and Mordccai. Tlio former could riot be comforted so long as Mor- decai Vat in tlie gate — so, too," it was with some members of the House, who could not bo com forted at others occupying seats on the Minis terial side. (Laughter.) It had been tliat work had been scamped; by Government, a charge en tirely without foundation. So much time had been wasted by talking members that tho Government liad hard ivork _ entailed upon; them, at; the end of tile session to get bills throiigli. " A STRONG GOVERNMENT. It had beeu remarked that tlie Government was too saving, and in contradistinction to tliis, ho asked them, to remember a previous Govorn- ,-mont (hat' was confronted by a strong opposi tion. Experience showed that a weak Govern ment wrs She curse of a country. It was requisite there should be an opposition to scan Arid oritioisp mejuutes ppegonted to Parliament, bttfc hotVo to VlOtVs to rppdor opposition a mis fortune. Under a strong Government measures could be made moro perfect'1 than under a weak one, that liad not tho power to act with bold ness. AMENDING BILLS. It was said tliat a great many zVcts of Parlia ment had to be amended, and fault wiys found to this frequent introduction of amending bills. Amongst tho zVcts to yliicli attention was directed was tlio Mining Regulations Act ; but with its dofccts tl;o machinery worked . wollj mid, , though the z\\.ct opuld ho "improved upqn, tliat (lid not sliow it was scamped. ' As an illus tration of this, he referred to tho Torrens Act for the transfer of real proporty drafted from tho copy of another zVct. No lawyer was found to draw this, though it was a necessity from the groat trouble experienced under tho old system. The Bill was carried through Parliament liko a sack of coals, seeing not a lawyer was found to deal with it, but many of llio legal profession gave it 'determined opposition." ' Tlio result, liqwcver, ivas that tho valuable Bill was put on tlio Statute Boojc. (Cheers.) With respect to tlio general administration of the Government, lip thought lid could claim for it that no charge of corruption had been made against it. Jlo hud, however, to toll a story of a member who was noticed for hurling hard words against thq Government without producing much effect. Well, he once brought a charge against a col league, and upon asking him to procood witli his challenge and provo his case, lie preferred not to do it. Upon being thus confronted, he reniarlted to another on lcavirig the Hoiiso, "I did not think Service was suci a fool as to be lieve me in earnest." (Laughter.) Thus it was iii tlio House mombcrs knpvy ciicli othor, whether they were in earnest or not, and liq asked them to remember in the > election to liiivo many old men returned. tiie nb1v judge. The Ministry had been charged with per petrating a job by placing the zVttorney- Gcnoral on the Bench, arid it certainly n?ust have been a big job, soeirig . it was' perpetrated by both Houses of Parliament. (Laughter.) When the r Bill' passed through t(o liouso for an appointment of an additional jildgc, it was so well-known that Mr lverfoyd. would bo the gentleman appointee!, that his name would have been placed on the Bill. . The last Parliament was a fair representative of honesty of purpose, and when both Houses coinbinod to put Mr Kerferd oil the Bench they did what was right. (Cheers.) Still; it might be said that a judge was not wanted, or that the gentleman selected was unfit to hold tho position to which IfP was elpvateil. As to the assumption of aii oxtra1 judge being not wanted, they would now have noticed by the newspapers that there had been a block of business in the Supreme Court. In fact the papers termed with complaints of this. : Otip of them spoke of the block in business in July, after which a deputation canio to the' Ministry, composed of barristers and solicitors,: asking for the appointment of another judge.: The Government promised to put an end to this block, so the Bill was introduced for. the appoint- m'elit. TlieClauseihtheBillfoi'thcappointinentof gevqn judges was struck out, and altered to. six ;; tlie addition was, however, to meet the desire of' the bar and solicitors. Yet one paper came out declaring tllcre was no need of six judges,: which became somewhat of a surprise after- the; declaration about a block- in business. 'Tlie, Assembly had the Bill before it, and passed it, ; aricl' when it reached' tlio Upper House a hesita-; tion was made of a .day, up'ori which the Law Institqte presented a petition to liavo the Bill passed; anil it was passed. (Cheers.) Under; such circumstances, the Government was entirely justified in making the appointment. He much regretted to see tlie attacks made upon Mr Iter-; ferd, who had been a lriember for 21 years, and; beori tho Attorney-General for a longer timp': than any othor man.; He liad been a law officer for at least 8 yeavs,'and could not bo a f6pl,.as'a. mail wlio liad worked in tiiat capacity for i8 or 10 years must have gained some knowledge.: The laws that we're lnirbdqced were of the most diverse form, and as! these- had to come before the Attorney- General his functions wore of" a varied deserip-: tion. It had beon said Mr Kerferd had not. much practice at the bar, but though there wore mauy practitioners who could dig out verdicts froth' juries wb would not lilib to' see tlibni on- the EeH.cli' in the Supreme Cdui-t. Mr Kerferd liad. boon two years in tlie office of Judgo Fel-; lowos, and had always been iu the liabit of stick-' ing to his work. It so liapponcd ho had to scud homo appeals, and in uo case had his law been found unsound. Ill the case of Mount and Morris, where J udgc Fellowes pronounced an account of, an informality that the men must go free, Mr Kerferd in the following year 'sent, homo the facts of the case, and his' law ivas up-! held. So, too, in the action brought against tlie. Harbour Trust, tlio Privy sustained tlib lijw of; Mr Kerferd. Acting on his opinion, the Govern ment recovered every penny of money frein the Oriental Bank, lie could not boliovc that they or the people;pf Melbourne had any sympathy: ivitli the abute poured on Mr Korford. One of: thq merchant's in Melbourne told him that he paid Mr Korfei'd Li.000 sirico 1880, so this riliowed ho had tho confidence of his cUoiits, fie-' spjte what oiieniies would say 'about him boing a: briefless barrister. Two of the judges expressed' their ploastiro to the Government "oil hearing of the appointment of Mr Kerferd. That gentle man had served successive Governments better than. any other lawyer. He bad not appointed himself to the Bench, as it liad been said there .was a question for the Cabinet to decido, espe cially' tor the Premier, who had to Bign the ooni- lhission. Ho was placed on the Bench by, tlie unanimous consent of liis colleagues, and lie be lieved tho people . would say there had nover beon a bettor judge appointed than Mr Ker ferd. : the government. " Coming to the present ho thought lie could say the Government, to the very last mbmdnt, commanded the confidence of the liouso arid of the country; If they went again 'to the country, he thought they wou'd bo fairly profited in saying they wotild ..obtain a renewal of certifi cates from tho country, arid go brick ivitli a sub stantial. majority. i'ersonal. Upon his return from England, three years ago, he did not intend entering into political life, nor did ho think of a long ' reign for Minis ters, which wero short-lived. ' Ho had looked forward to returning to England at the end of tho- present Parliament, in accordance with a promise he ga' o on leaving, tliat lie would bo baok in' the Exhibition year.; Early in" tlie last session lie found that by straining lie lost his voice, aud since then had not attempted to make a speech till that night, and lie was glad that liis voice about which he felt doubtful, had boon good When lio " had work to do it was his practice to do it with all his mi-zht,' so that the strain upon him had perhaps been more than on othor people. ' . rOLICY. - Foreign policy, federation, and convicts' had engaged more of his attention than could bo thought of. He could not understand how he could have got through so much work bad it not beeu for Mr Thomas, who had been more than an amanuensis. the new government. When Mr Korford and Mr Berry wero retir ing, ho naturally said the Government must go on, and Ministers must bo appointed to carry on tho work till Parlinmout sits. We did not at tempt to dictate to tlie country who these men shall be ; but they would not do tlieir duty un less they provided tho best men till the coun try decided by tlieir representatives whom these should be. They wero bound to this, and to givo advice to the Governor, which lie could take or not. That boing tho case, tlio gentlo- mon in whom tliey liad confidence was thoir own colleagues. One of thom claimed greater seniority than himself, and had been a Minis- — — i —T ; — tflr in ipnfiy Govornmehtg. When ho named Mr 'Gillies to toko" tlio interim Administration, that still required to liavo tho endorsement of tlio country. By naming liiin to take the holm, tliey know that their policy would not bo re versed. Suppose tliat thq question of Educa tion arose, as it always does at elections,"' tlioro was no man bettor capablo of carrying out the zVet than Mr Gillies, .who wag one of tho men who passed it. Who, again, wiis a bettor au thority on irrigation than" Mr Deakin I \- 'filB CQALIflpN. It was asjiec wap this Ofijitioiv Government to go on, ov was it to cfnne to ftp Slitl. This was a question fo( thq const) toofipipi to decido by saying ayo or nay. When 'Parliament met thoro were two distinct parties in it, but they began to niinglo, so tfiey did not become' a 'eoalitibp, but an amalgailiritjoii. They might ask hatl . ifc been prpduotiyo of good or evil. They hud called forth! no party orjes like to those, of the evil days of tlio past. Ho thought they woijld concur with him, to rcsqiTpct those old crift would be vain. Tliey would bo worse tjian ghosts, not having clean sheets upon, thejjj. (Laughter.) T'hoso putrid corpses would bo' ro- nnlfiivn and bad smelling. Haviim a row lis some fancied would not benefit tlio country. . Some politicians liked that, boing anxious to got iijto office, but liri thought it bettor' to abstain froiii going on (ho rain|iiig6 riqw. lie could not' Sob any' advantage' arising by; not lunpirig upon tlje oiil lilies', as vUetq iVas no real causo for strife;; ' ' ' decentralisation ! . Ho iiitcnded to say a fow worij about (igfariA- tralisation bgl. it was too late. (Many . vojees called ' Go op'.) The League secipcd to fiim te 5 badly got lip, without a platfqrni to begin' wjtli. (Cries of No, No, Laughter and Cheers.) Wjiftn a gentleman of Ballarat stated the Electoral Bill favoured Melbourne instead of tho country- lio was wrong. Tho prpgrfiiniiio of the Ballarat loriguo had boon published,5 and in it rriention was made" that merchants iu the couiitry should have bonded stores, but the people'Kiid that privilege a dozen of yriars ago. The League had hurriedly started without figures, having -ijo solid ground to rest upon. Their .programme was so vague any one could sign it without knowing what wasto coineoutofit. Tho onlyde- finite cry ivas, Workshops at Newport, and upoq this question he had previously spoken that day. Ho then road a return 'forwarded to him, extend ing over ten yente, Bhowing'tlie money of Go vernment expended in Melbourne . whs L4,548,0p0 ; in the country L12, 624, 000, .tlyis Slj'ii wing the country obtained more than "its share.' concjuited his' lengthened addrqqs by! thanking , tlio electors for their kinrjji/q show, to him.' ' He "had not negloptedf p'y matter .submitted to hirii or", coinniuniqatq, anil they . would part : tiio best of friends. Great cheering.) Mr Horwood moved that the meeting express its' tlianks to Mr Service for the patriotic manner iii which he liad discharged his duties as a re presentative, Mr Service stepped forward, anil said ;! tlio n>otion was unnecessary, arid there were furtbdr olieora ' Calls we're then riiade for Mi- Berry, who stepped . forward, and said that he could not address ' thom that niglit, ris. ;tiio train was waiting.. If he began ho could not havo finished his speech under, two hours, (Laughter.) He had listened to Mr Service! who could liavo said : more in favor of liis collogues than he did, cordial ; though that - was. He had great confidence in the' people of Vic toria and believed tliey Would elect fitting representatives'. ' He thanked tliem. very:much for the eompliment they paid him. " ?. A vote of tlianks passed to the Mayor brought the meeting to a close. 