The Crocodile Pits of Maabdeh. Some while ago, in the days before Fortune held any hostages of mine—in the days when I was free to wander over every sea and continent—in the days that I look back on now with a half feeling of envy, and a half of wonder at myself— we lay off Manfaloot in a dreary, burning calm, my brother Arthur and myself, alone in a dabeeh with our dragoman and his ruffianly crew. The calm had already lasted three days. Of sucking oranges, of shooting pigeon matches, of smoking hasheesh—which had no other effect upon us than to make us ill—we were both tired to death, and, lounging in our tiny cabin, we even longed for the approach of that Khamsin wind which had for days been threatening on the western horizon. " Hassan !" then said my brother to the dragoman, " if you don't find us something to do, well break into the Pasha's hareem over yonder, and kiss his best wife!" " He! he! he !" laughed Hassan. " We'll teach your little son on deck to sing Dr Watts' hymns!" " Ho ! ho ! ho !" he laughed uncomfort- ably. "We'll overhaul your accounts, by Jove !" " Ha ! ha ! ha !" muttered the dragoman thoughtfully; then after a pause of anxious consideration, "Sir," he said," the caves of Maäbdeh are only a few miles away from this in the desert. You might ride as far as the mouth of them." Maäabdeh seemed somehow a familiar word to me, but long I puzzled in vain over its sound. At length memory re- sponded to my call. When a very little boy in the schoolroom, it was the pleasure, or the duty—anyhow, it was the custom— of the dearest of governesses to read aloud works of travel in the hour between tea and bed-time. In a book, which, I am afraid, is now held to be old-fashioned, but which was a wondrous favourite with us children,—a book wherein the most exciting narrative is judiciously delayed from time to time, that Harry's frivolous comments may be fittingly rebuked, and Julia's strict orthodoxy properly manifested —in one of those well meaning works which utterly perplex an intelligent child, and leave him in Cimmerian doubt as to the operations of Providence, while seeking honestly to explain its mysteries—in this book, I say, was recounted the dis- astrous experience of a certain Mr Leigh, M.P., and two friends, in these very pits of Maäbdeh fifty years ago. The work was called "Evenings at Home," or " Winter Evenings," I am not very sure of the title now. But I remember well that we children never felt more utterly abroad than when listening to the recital of this adventure in the crocodile pits of Maäbdeh. There is a conversation between Julia, Harry, and their mamma—or some such persons—at the end thereof, the boldness and reach of which struck my childish sense with nothing less than awe. " ' Suppose,' says Harry, ' something had been done at a critical moment, which no one even thought of.' "'Then,' declares mamma emphatically, 'something would have happened which was not in the least to the point.' " ' Yes,' Julia supports, ' and they ought'—to have acted in accordance with young-lady-like philosophy, in short. " ' And in that case,' mamma calmly puts in,' Providence, my dears !' " This boldness of forecasting, this reduction of all things and chances to a preconceived formula, did utterly be- wilder me at six years old, as the dogmas of modern science disturb my mental rest at present. But it was a dear old book for all that, this " Winter Evenings ;" the stories were well and simply told, and the moral lessons, necessary I suppose, though perhaps somewhat illogical, and somewhat ridiculous in themselves, were not put forward offensively. As I have said, the study of it familiarised me in early life with the name of Maäbdeh and the tragic legend which hung about the spot; and therefore, when the dragoman incautiously let slip that these caverns lay within a ride of our anchorage, I determined at once to explore them, Mr Leigh's terrible experience notwithstanding. To enter the caverns, however, was by no means in Hassan's mind when he proposed a ride in their direction, and our good dragoman, after the fashion of his class, did all that lay within him to dis- suade us. But I must do a reasonably honest man the justice to admit that when he found us resolute, not to be swayed by fears or expostulations, he did his duty well. The first point, of course, was to procure guides, for Hassan himself had not made the journey. This object was accomplished with some difficulty, and two boys from Amabdi were bribed to meet us at dawn with their donkeys. The moon had already set and the dim Egyptian twilight wrapped the scene, as at the appointed hour we pulled noiselessly across the river, and landed on the sand. The air felt dense, and even at that time sultry ; for the Khamsin was at hand, even now dimming the horizon. In front of is loomed the hills of granite, ground smooth by whirling sand and furious wind ; behind, the swift Nile gurgled in its narrowing bed. Our guides were late, and we were compelled to wait their pleasure. Slowly the sky grew darker, as the reflected moonlight died from the horizon ; the glimmering mountains vanished ; even the white sand at our feet grew indistinct. Then the wild geese began their morning clamour, trumpeting as they sallied from their holes. A snowy ibis rustled past us, ghostly in the darkness. The "zic-zac" roused his mate with grating cry, and a desert fox, or jackal, slipped noiselessly through our midst, on his homeward way from water. It was just at sunrise the boys appeared, and glad indeed we were to see them ; for, to stimulate our natural impatience, a species of sand thistle had penetrated our shoes and trousers, so that we could scarcely move without dire laceration. The route, when at length we got in motion, lay through vast fields of corn, such as usually border the Nile in Lower Egypt. It was in the month of April, very late for such travel, and the earth was already green. Breaking the level here and there, stood a tall patch of hemp or sugar-cane, the latter small and stunted in comparison with those great stems which are a boast of the Farther East, but bright in color, and graceful in the droop of their grass-like leaves. Then, as the sun leapt up above the mountains with that eager triumph characteristic of his rising in this land, we skirted the mud huts of a village, passing unnoticed through their glimmering plantations of date-palm. And then we emerged again into the broad corn-fields, warm in the white light of morning. Hoopoos fluttered from bush to bush as we approached, and lighting, waggishly shook their tawny crests at us. Glittering swallow, green as emeralds, the tayr allahs—holy birds of Arab superstition, circled swiftly over our heads. Pigeons—in such flocks they seemed like clouds descending—passed us by on their way to water, making a rustle in mid-air as of forest leaves in a summer wind. Gradually the mountains r-*??* . ained their dusty, yellow tone; the shadows purpled, the strange, sharp out- lines of the rocks stood out line by line in ?**?• i. .. tie of the ?tut-ss. Without encountering any man we trotted across the fertile land, until, after two hours' journeying, the foot of those granite cliffs was reached. After following their edge for a few hundred yards, the guides led us into a broad, sandy gorge, which seemed— so smooth and clean it was—to have been a carriage road for the ancient kings. No words can give the untravelled reader an idea of this valley of desolation. Not a tree, not a blade of grass, nor mosey tuft concealed the yellow, wind- worn stone. No stain appeared upon it, no little heap of rotting leaves filled any corner. Every crack and cranny was swept clean. The blue shadows fell keen and cutting upon the sand, as though shaped of material hard as the rock forecast. Overhead, the hanging crags burnt and glittered and dazzled against the sky, reflecting the angry sun-rays back and forth across the valley. A sickly yellow glare beat up through our closed eye-lids, shot with flashes of brilliant color; our mouths smarted and bled with heat and the burning of the sand which rose in clouds beneath our feet. Deeper and deeper we penetrated the blinding hills, now traversing a tableland radiant with heat as a furnace scarce extinguished, now clambering up a gorge, from the top of which the green Nile valley could be seen and the opposite horizon of mountains. Not a sound had we heard for hours, except the shuffling step of our donkeys, and an occasional mutter from the Arab boys who tramped with muffled heads beside us. So brilliant was the light, so complete the stillness, so monotonous the tints around, that our procession seemed shadowy and ghost-like as it moved. This effect is always to be observed in Egypt, more or less, but I was never so struck and impressed by it as on this ocasion. There was no rounding of objects, owing to the keen abruptness of the shadows. A living man seemed to be but a painted imago of himself, the thickness of a sheet of paper. At length we reached the top of a ridge, where the sand was thickly mingled with a glittering dust which made it sparkle quite prismatically. In a few moments more we emerged into a basin surrounded by sharp rocks. In the centre thereof appeared an oblong hole. Our destination was reached. Dismounting and tying up our donkeys, we examined the entrance, which was a mere horizontal cutting in the rock, like the mouth of a well. It was about ten or twelve feet deep, and from above we could discern a low, black opening, which led to the interior caverns. One of the Arabs expressed his willingness to enter; the other prudently desired to remain above. Thus, then, we arranged the party : an Arab first, then Arthur, then Hassan, and lastly myself. Without accident we let ourselves drop down the hole, and at the bottom made a toilet suitable for subterranean travel. Then, one by one, we slipped under a massive block of stone which seemed each moment about to fall and shut out inquisitive travellers for ever; perhaps also to shut a few of them in. " And now," said Arthur, sitting leisurely down in the twi-lit passage, "What are we going to find here ? Is it a treasure hidden by the late Captain Kidd, or is it coal, or is it—is it ' ile ?' " Arthur had just returned from an American trip. " Yes, sir," said Hassan grinning, " it's a sort of ' ile,' sir." "What? Why, I smell it already ! Petroleum it is ! Of the finest descrip- tion !" " No, sir, not petroleum 'ile,'—crocod- ile !" And the dragoman leaned agains the rock to laugh. We lighted wax candles, brought for the purpose, and stooping down, advanced some eight or ten feet into the cavern, at which distance from the mouth a sudden lowering of the roof thrust us down on hands and knees. Still the height of th passage diminished, and at about forty yards from the entrance we were com- pelled to lie down full length, and pull ourselves along by hands and elbows. Just at the moment when I began to feel somewhat alarmed, the roof heightened, and we emerged into a chamber hung with fine stalactites. Its ceiling was lofty, but its breadth scarcely more than thirty feet ; the flooring consisted of fine sand. Entering a passage on the further side, we progressed for some yards in a comfortable attitude. Then again we were forced to our knees, and, some time after- wards, to the snake-like manner of march. Every yard the heat grew more stifling, and that sickly smell of bats, which every Nile traveller must recall so well, mingled in foul union with the odor of confined air and the bituminous exhalations of the mummies within. How far this passage may have extended, or how long we were thus coffined in a hole not two feet square, I cannot guess; quite long enough to make everyone of us repent of his temerity. This part of the cavern may have been three hundred yards long, or only a hundred, I cannot say ; certainly not more than the larger estimate, nor less than the smaller. The fact is, that a bachelor of intelligence and virtue is not so frequently in the habit of " playing at serpents" that he can calculate his probable speed in an enforced imitation of the reptile's movements. The atmosphere, as we penetrated deeper, became something horrible beyond description. I have had experience of heat in both Tropics, and both hemispheres ; I have sweltered in the desert, and cruised the Red Sea in the month of May, but never did I suffer such fearful oppression as in those foul caverns. At length we again emerged from the narrow passage, and though still unable to stand upright, could at least stretch arms and legs, cramped by an hour, by a day, by ten minutes of such travel. The chamber in which we found ourselves was a long, low cavern, blocked almost to its roof with vast masses of stone. Climbing cautiously from rock to rock—for the interstices seemed bottomless, or at least were black enough to justify that fear—we were encountered by a real cloud of bats, which darted straight at us, beat our faces with their wings, and clawed tight into our hair and whiskers. Never I conceive, were men frightened more utterly than we, when this rustling tornado enveloped us : Arthur dashed his arms about like a polypus in a squall, and no doubt effected great execution among the foe. Hassan sat steadfastly down upon a stone and shouted—shouted to all his gods for aid. I pulled my hair out by the roots, heedless of sharp little teeth which vigorously opposed the sacrifice. But our foes vanished as suddenly as they had appeared; like a leathery whirlwind they hurtled through the caverns, startling our Arab at the entrance to such a degree that he recalled a prayer, which was a great feat and glorious for the Fellah bats upon the Nile. Alter this interruption we resumed our progress, and clambered over the rocks. On the opposite side was a doorway, squared by human hands. It was raised some feet above the level of the chamber, and, as we judged from certain holes in the lintel, had once been fitted with a door. This was the first sign of handiwork we had found. After passing through this opening, the peculiar mummy smell became much stronger, and the heat, if possible, increased. We advanced a few yards in a crouching posture, then betook ourselves to hands and knees, and finally to the snakelike motion again. Our nerves were by this time so excited that the distance seemed endless. If bats could exist in that atmosphere, and at so great a distance from the outer air, why not other creatures ?—why not snakes ? In no part of the subterranean passage could one of us have got before the other ; and supposing I, the last, had been suddenly seized with sickness, and unable to move, the others in front must have—must have—why, in sooth I dare not guess at this distance of time what would have become of them ! And these thoughts were in the mind of each of us; more especially, I think, in mine, because the others' fate thus depended on me. I do not mean to say that there is extraordinary danger in exploring these pits, but most certainly there is most fearful risk, if the distinction be understood. There was no probability of meeting a snake ; but had one appeared, the foremost man of us at least, was doomed, must have fallen a victim without the chance of a struggle, must have been utterly helpless and unresisting. Similarly, it was not probable that I, being strong and reasonably healthy, should be taken with a fit; but if such an event had happened, the others might have perished one by one, unable ali- e to remove my body or to pass over it. After a while, however, we found ourselves able to get upon hands and knees, and, in a few moments more I made a discovery. Feeling something clammy and soft beneath my hand, I sprang backwards with such haste as nearly to smash my skull against the roof, and thrust the candle forward to reconnoitre. Then I saw that the floor over which we crept was of kneaded human limbs, and the substance upon which my hand rested was the long, auburn hair of a woman. By my knee Jay the tiny leg of child, torn off at the thigh. Heads and limbs—some still partly wrapped in the cere-cloths—literally composed that awful pavement, mingled with strips of mummy cloth, fragments of sarcophagi, tangles and whole scalps of women's hair. Here, the gilded face of some priest or noble shone out from the dusky mass under the light of our candles ; there, propped against the wall stood the naked body of a woman, with the chest hideously smashed in. Such a fearful scene of sacrilege and violence was it, that even Hassan, little used to reverence dead infidels, indignantly disclaimed, in the name of his countrymen, any share in its perpet- ration. "It's English travellers, sir, who did it !" he said. And I believe he spoke the truth. Yet can it be true ? I am telling no fictitious story, nor exercising my fancy in the description of a scene revolting to the heart. Some one, Mussulman or Christian has treated these poor heathen corpses at Maäbdeh in a manner shameful, not to his creed alone and to his nation, but to manhood's self. The very savages of Labuan it is said, spare the children's bodies when they seek materials for their ghastly and mysterious orgies ; but neither age, nor womanhood, nor the holiness of infancy, have those ghouls reverenced who held their Sabbath at Maäbdeh. I am no fanatic, for sentiment and rough living have destroyed in me much of that superstition which enwraps the dead. Had there been purpose to be served in hideously dismembering these poor bodies, I would not needlessly have raised the voice of indignation : but there is none, and never can have been ! Good faith, are we still so cruelly orthodox in England, that the bodies of men, holier it may be than ourselves, shall not be respected because their souls are dogmatised to hell ? Who did this thing ? Surely tho man who had the hideous courage to hack off women's limbs, to toss them to and fro, to tear out their hair, and beat in their breasts, cannot lack that far inferior boldness which would own the act when challenged. It was not a task, a penance, which one would wantonly perform ; a sense of duty could alone strengthen the bravest to go through with it. Doubtless the gentle- man had a motive. Let us hear, and, if possible, respect, though it may fail to con- vince us; or, in Heaven's name, for the credit of our country, its manhood, and that creed of which it makes profession, let us declare aloud and boldly that a madman, ay, a lycanthropist—escaped from custody, and wrought this deed in the wildest fury of dementia. Let us declare that, and take oath upon it if necessary, rather than admit that one of us was capable of so dastardly, so damnable a sacrilege on the dead ! From this scene of horrors we proceeded without further interruption to the tombs of the sacred crocodiles. It was a curious sight enough, when at length we reached the end. The animals lie upon the cavern-floor, head to tail, tail to head, as closely as they could be packed one above another, with palm- leaves strewn between each layer. How far the range of tombs extends into the mountain, none can say ; two chambers only are now open for examination. It did not appear to me that the caverns were in any sense human handiwork, but it seems most probable that the traveller now enters by the back way It is obviously impossible that the crocodiles could have been brought to their burial place by the way we came, because they are many of them so gigantic that no exertion can force back their shoulders through the passage that we discovered. Another entrance exists therefore, or once existed, of more convenient character, and the approach which is now the only one known was either unformed or unused at the date when the sacred animals were gradually stored here. The manner of their arrangement is simple enough. Row was piled on row, until the whole grotto was full from floor to roof, after which the sextons retired to the next chamber, and stored that also with dead deities in a similar manner. Thus we were not able to make even a guess at the length or extent of the sepulchre, nor can anyone ever do so until the caverns are cleared. One of the most noticeable facts connected with these interments is the abundance of small crocodiles, some but just hatched, many yet in the egg which, rolled in a strip of mummy cloth, and tied together in bundles of twenty, fill the interstices. They are literally in thousands. From a very rough and imperfect calculation we estimated that five hundred of these baby gods were packed around each full- grown reptile ; and, in the two chambers to which one may gain access by crawling through the mummies, I should judge there could not be less than half a million of them; perhaps—for the end of the second grotto is not to be seen—there may be ten times that number. As I have already observed, no means whatever exist for obtaining an idea, how far these caverns stretch, each filled up like a barrel of herrings to the top. What amazing mortality then must that have been among the eggs and young which could supply so vast a quantity of mummies ! Is it reasonable to suspect that the old Egyptians, who paid such fearful reverence to their scaly deities when toothed and tailed, clawed and armored, never lost the pious opportunity of prematurely restoring their younger members to Olympus? Here is an Egyptian joke ! Pas possible, you say. On the contrary, I know no race more addicted to broad fun than this. After examining all of the cavern yet accessible, and securing a few specimens of its contents, we hastened from the spot, for a more ghastly spectacle was never seen than those grottos lit up by our candles. The mingling of human limbs with reptile mummies seemed very horrible. There was in one corner a foot and leg, black and cramped as with the death pang, which protruded from the mass, erect wierdly. It fascinated me—I approached and grasped the limb, wishing to cover it decently—I pulled, and all that dim and kneaded heap of members seemed to seethe and work as though rising to direful life again. I abandoned the attempt with something of a thrill, and shortly after we retired, dragging our trophies by ropes and waistbelts. Through the narrow and noisome passages we crept again wearily, our nerves, or mine at least, not a little unstrung by the heat, the foul air, and the mystery of the caverns. We rested for a few moments in the second chamber, and then made our way to the free outer air. I will not pause to tell how bright the daylight seemed, or how welcome was even that burning atmosphere, cool when compared with the subterranean furnace. Neither will I venture to describe how the sky gradually changed its tone to a dull yellow while the horizon assumed a tinge of fiery purple, as we proceeded homewards; nor strain my force of superlatives in telling of that storm of sand and living fire which the Arabs call a Khamsin, which overtook us in the mountains and pursued us all the way to Cairo. Nor do I care to dwell upon a very common-place row with the Sheikh of Maäbdeh, who, for some inscrutable reason, insisted upon hanging our donkey boys right away; but I have often chuckled since, remembering how he winced when I put a revolver to his forehead. These things were not in my design when I commenced this paper. I simply desired to show that there are interesting sights upon the Nile which visitors do not generally see. One remark it is fitting I should make, in case any traveller should be tempted to follow in my steps. There is very little danger, if reasonable caution be used, in visiting the crocodile caves of Maäbdeh. Never mind what your dragoman says ; the main peril lies with the party yourself. Put your weakest man in front and the stoutest behind; one might draw a body out by the heels, but it would be impossible to push even a child along those passages. Also, beware of your lights ! One spark falling on that mass of dry tinder might kindle such a blaze as would overwhelm your party in a second. FRED. BOYLE. 