i MT IMPRESSIONS OF STDITEY, | -G- I B- a Saxons. IN THE ART GALLERY. To one who has come to Australia expecting to find life as you but pioneer in all things and onswarthod in the swaddling clothes of a too quickly developed childhood, the surprise that must ensue on opening the eyes to the signs of architecture and art and scientific movement is as pleasant as it is enduring. It may be true of this country that while the progress in education, artistic culture, and scientific movement has been great, there has been lacking that friction of older and con- tiguous states or nationalities to produce a refining and stimulating influence that is constant. But when the signs and high in the heavens, while it is the grey brindled dawn, how much more beautiful does the sacrifice, and the devotion, and the disinterested ness of the few patient philanthropic Aviso ones appear ! Such, I take it, has there been here, and set about by the tumultuous life of an essentially commercial community, they have put behind the social life of this great metropolis a power that may be unseen, but is certainly felt, and which lifts the whole social organism to a higher plane, and does something to free it from the slavish stress of the strife for bread-and-butter and shoe-string. Then, when I entered the Art Gallery here plain as the plainest brown Quaker weaver could desire on the outside I was scarcely prepared for what I saw. Not prepared because in some other of Her Majesty's dependencies older than this there are not such worthy chambers of art as this and, though the display may be generally greator the individual merit is not nearly so high. I am disposed entirely to agree with the principle, as seen in the committee's work, to set art first and architecture afterwards. Ten thousand pounds spoilt in a few good pictures will have a more enduring educating influence than if put in bricks and mortar. Unless money enough can be put in a gore of architecture, it is far better to put in a gem of Millais or Leighton. There are enough ally built buildings ovorywhoro-thoro are enough ally built hero, though perhaps somewhat less than the usual proportion in new countries is and if a well- built picture' can be imported, a picture that is good and beyond cavil, it is something not to live in but to live with from day to day. It is something to follow the rough lines and soften the asperities of social conflict. If art is not a tougher it has no place in the annals or the life of the people. That it is a teacher, and that it has a place here cannot be gainsaid. From personal observation on several visits made at all hours, and from information placed at my disposal, I am con- evident that this art gallery is appealing not only to the dilettante few, but what is infinitely more important, to the unfettered many. If a picture be really worthy, and is possessed of qualities not mediocre, there will be something in it to call and keep the interest of the most plebeian. "Who haunt the gallery here Just those who observe haunt the School of Arts, the Museum, the Public Library, and the parks. Who appreciate it Just those who do not bow the knee to the Baal of indolonooor thoSerapisof a dolce far ments, There is little rustle of silk and little glitter of gold in Ü1CS3 places. There may be a deal of ignorance, but there is not much of the sublimation of a Dollar Orusoa affectation, because those places of intellectual resort and this art gallery are yet frequented most by those whom it most benefits-" the great unwashed." Therein is the munificence of a Government wisely distributed. If they have scattered the largesse the multitude have fed and are feeding, and that for which Raphael and Praxiteles laboured is being brought to pass. Of far more importance is it that Tom Smith, the baker, shall be lifted up by a refining influence than that my lord So-and-so should have now relish to his afternoon's lassitude and cigar. And it is absolutely true here that the sound of the nails of the clodhopper boot oftener resound through this place of silent song that the kid shoes of the lady of the manor. The first impression received in this gallery is one of rest. This is not peculiar to all galleries. There is sometimes in such places an inharmonious confusion that is irritating to the senses. It is not so here. There is little that is discordant, there is nothing distracting. Pictures badly arranged and artistically being will do as much to disturb the mental equipage as too much salad or the turbulence of a ladies' bazaar. It may be that a few pictures here might have been better hung. It may be that some ought never to have been hung at all but, being hung, they serve perhaps to make the bottom pictures stand ominously out ; yet even this benefit is doubtful when people have been seen to go into a spasmodic ecstasy over such goitre fantasies as "The Year after the Battle," "The Race to Market," and " The Kettle Drum Quadrille." Poor pictures never pay, even though it be but to show the progress of Art; as a National Gallery ought to do, though National Gallery is very much a misnomer as applied to this, for there are singularly few works. by Australian artists, and they, as a rule, unfortunately are singularly commonplace. I have no doubt the committee have done all they could to encourage native art, but if native art is as yet in the rough it would be egregious folly to perpetuate its insufficiency or its author's ineptness. There are one or two men here that deserve and will assert and keep recognition of their merits, but they are markedly modest and are willing to wait Perhaps native artists have something to complain of that they are as deserving of support as some whose work has been placed within these walls, but nothing within the walls belonging to foreign artists is quite so bad as some things already there of Australian production. Such men as Ashton, Piguenit, and Fullwood will be in due time rewarded as they well deserve, and it would not be too much to expect of them that they will produce better work than " The Juggler," and that piece of pink and white waxwork, " Lady Godiva." Wiser than I have seen their work and have declared that Australia has need to be proud of some of the children of her own household. Meanwhile they are plodding on, and while some no doubt might be better engaged in making frames than making pictures, others are struggling bravely to foster and justify their ambition, while being obliged to plod along on the lowest levels of their art that they may have bread to eat. Cries of injustice will always be heard; but I am sure that this committee who have laboured be faithfully, and so wisely in the past will, through the experience that continued exercise of their high function gives, do faithfully and wisely in the future. Having said' thus much in at least a spirit that is meant to be kind and moderately honest, I shall mingle for a little while among the few people who are in different stages of their artistic journeys through these halls, and pause with them beside some scenes that only yet require from the kind gods what came to Galatea-the breath of life. No eye can, or rather ought to swerve when once it has fallen upon the marvellous motion picture "Les Enerves do damages," by Luminais. Here is the picture of the gallery. Strong, broad, beautifully dramatic as "Rorke's Drift" is tender, deep, pathetic as is "The Widower." this, I think, is the chef d'ouvre of the gallery. It tells a story stupendously sad in a weird and mournful, but gentle way gentle even in its strength. It is strong, but not exaggerated and if the incident is pitiful, about it all is an exquisite tone, which might be termed the glamour of a human pain, over which is the radiance, if perchance the tears, of resignation. It is a dream of tyrannous auger on one side and pitiful helplessness on the other. It is the broken reed and the smoking flax lost upon the waste of waters, Awhile from over the dreary places there comes the sound of the passing bell. To my mind there is nothing more ghastly about it than about the spear thrusts and the bleeding virile force of Rorke's Drift and the light that is over it oil seems to come from some place outside of nature, and haunts the mind like the smile of a widowed childless woman. The artist is faithful to his subject, he is the poet of the brush, He impels the mind to imagination and subordinating everything to the central idea, builds all around it a proportionate medley of detail and colour. What the author of " Non Angli sed Angels " would have done with such a subject, I do not know ; but I fear he would have left us disturbed by some literary incorrectness and uneven dramatic narration. He tells his tale in a striking way, but there is a want of good coin position and a dulness in the tone which militates against good effect. Was it wilful perversion that made him put Milauoso faces on two children of the Angles P. Was it careless- ness that made one child's face bear a striking re- semblance in its contour and expression to the Roman matron who holds the balance of proportion, and hold it selfishly for Bho claims to much prominence for herself, to the exclusion of the best portion of the pic ture that group of which Pope Gregory is the centre, and in which the artist has put some dramatic beauty and manliness. The picture will always have interest because of the subject, and if our artist has not chosen I bore to put his knowledge or instinct of a line gradation into play he has put a great deal of expression and sympathy in the whole. It is with a sense of rest that one turns to the genuinely fine drawing and languorous tone of Hoimor's " DeSolation." There is a mellow purity in its tone that grows into sadness as you study it, losing yourself in the light of a weary sunset in a forgotten land. It has the same fine sentiment and treatment that we find repealed in Hunter's " Salmon Fishers," Pelouso's "View near Fontainbleau," and Kokcn's " "Winter Landscape" There is nothing of pain or prominence in the scene save a strange desolation that stretches back into a horizon of mountainous resistance. It is an idea, a dream of the wreck of time and the wasting of worlds. One would almost expect to find in the sedge Itichtor's serpent of the ages, and the lagoon waste of water Avoliering over graves, Turning about from this death-in-life, the somewhat fantastic picture by Madox Browne-Chaucer reading his poems before John of Ghost thrusts itself im- seriously before you. Perhaps there are many who would cavil at this example of the pre-Raphaolitosohool of which Burnes Jones in art, and Rossetti in literature, are striking exponents. It has much of literary picturesqueness, and much also of that literary affectation with which there has been so much impatience shown in this last quarter of a century, Some, I four, would be bold enough to call it an absurd conglomeration of posts, flirts, and fools. Some might go even further, and say thatbosidos being literary monstrosity, it is an artistic bugbear ; but there would be, I fear, too, of that large number of people who assert that what was good enough for their ancestors is good enough for them. Just so. But this picture is no monstrosity. It is not an abomination ; it is not even out of place. It is quite right that there should be in this gallery a representative of this school, however critics may differ about its merits. Such men as Madox Brown have run the gauntlet in the old land, and they might safely run it here. It may not be a picture that would appeal largely to the of police, but that it is not a good artistic production is palpably wrong. Fault may be found with the dramatic arrangement and the apparent indiscriminate massing of figures, but I am not at all sure that even that is out of accord with the then court customs ; indeed it has not only all the flavour of tradition, but it is entirely consistent with all that can be gleaned of the life of that period. So let whatever be said for or against, the trustees have filled a place that will grow more honorable as years go on and they are building not for this generation, but for posterity. But let us join this group before Do you ville's famous "Rorke's Drift, and listen to their dictum. An old man, on whose head has fallen the frosts of many winters, strokes, with shrivelled fingers, his patriarchal board and masters "It's the real thing that it's as natural as life ; I'm a soldier myself, and I ought to know." Yes, had been in the South | African Avars under her Majesty's flag, and it touched him. It reached and struck a note in his life that no tongue or pen could move. No need to point out to him that it is an epic picture ; no need to explain to the bushman at his Side, with hat pulled over his eyes and hands pushed down to the utmost depths of his pockets, the made, the notion of the artist ; no need to suggest to the dreamy eyed girl who has just come from Jean Robles' exquisite . " Flowers and Fruit" where she has been lingering for the past 10 minutes, the 7noí¿/ of the broad souled De Neuville and it would be just as well not to offer your opinion to this artist who sits apart with a wandering troupe by his side, and keeps his own counsel as to his opinion of its merits. It only devolves upon me, the cosmopolite, to daringly say what no doubt has been said many a time before, that here is a beautiful heritage of British valour. Here is a powerful story, told in a free, truthful way. Here is a wealth of colour and a breadth of tone, over which is a modest boldness that gives a large sense of reserve power. The whole strength is British, the whole treatment dashingly French. Here is no prominence lóf detail, yet the detail has a beautiful carelessness and profusion that is genuine and faithful. Here is a dogged intensity of warlike passion, with little of the pallor of death and much of the heroism of sacrifice. Here it is, vigorous as Truth and untrained as Mercy. An admirable. thing it is to have cut up the walls of the gallery in something like panels. that those large oils can tell their own stories on their own domain. It is going into another land and life to stop from Rorke's Drift" to "The Widower." Luke Fildes has painted a picture to touch the public the common experiences of the labourer's life, " the short and simple annals of the poor," the pathos and the sentiment of the over burdened lives that we around us every day. There is no apparent effect of the artist to point a moral or preach a sermon, Yet its story raises a thousand thoughts, while it never encourages towards a mortal hysteria. If there is about its tone something of a " muddy impurity," it is forgotten entirely in the treatment of the central idea. There is the genuineness of the artist's sympathy and breadth shown in the very hand of the overborne mourner. It is singularly touching in its gentle strength, and the fair-haired fading child is a melancholy relief to his plebeian picturesqueness. We might group together for convenience sake, and because of a certain affinity of treatment Lucas's "The Gordon Riots" and " The Armada in Sight," Gow's "A Jacobite Proclamation," Topham's "Ronounoiug the VauitioB by order of Savonarola," Master's " Le Matin de la Noco," and Hodgson's " Eastern Quos tion." Those are all English, and all except the last two have a large amount of topical and historical interest, and each of the artists named has, too, a large reputa- tion and a considerable artistic constituency, the majority being somewhat with Gow. Of Lucas's two pictures just mentioned, "The Gordon Riots" possesses the superiority j not through the subject, but through a greater truthfulness and modesty. He has not, like Do Nouvillo, the artistic grace to keep detail in a beautiful servitude, but has admirably avoided a certain rigidity and hardness that is apt to occur in such pictures where troops in Uno or square are brought prominently forward. It is not dashing or brilliant, but it is very honest, and is not unfaithful in its obedience to certain laws of light, as evinced in " The Armada." It is brilliant and dashing, almost gaudy. Its tone is somewhat forced, and against a light sky our artist puts light faces and light figures, which makes the whole effect ghostly and intangible. Its historic por- traitors will no doubt always commend it, and Lucas's " name is good upon 'Change." It will never be impressive, it may perhaps always please. " Renouncing the Vanities " is an elaborate and buoyant production of one who was determined to crowd as much sensation and incident in one picture as it was possible to do, in order that the public might pause and say, What magician did this ?" He has succeeded, but he only stopped short in good time to prevent a suspicion of the empire instead of the magician. It is a good story, and has a singular generosity of colour that might border on improvidence. He manages drapery better than faces, and succeeds hotter with a sandal than an eyebroW. It is fascinating, but it does not weary for want of character. Yet it will always find those who will admire its dramatic ability and its size. "Lo Citoehismo" at its side would be better than it, if it had a little more Eastern warmth. If Gow's "Jacobite Proclamation" avoid as good as his Relief of Leyden," there would be two pictures in this gallery that no after generation would wish removed. When in the first struggling days the low earnest devotees set their hearts upon this picture, and paid their first five hundred pounds a large sum for the trustees then-for it, they must have trembled sorrows that lest it should not meet the approval of the multitude and their patrons. They have the satisfaction now of knowing that in their novitiate they had chased one of the most enduring pictures in the gallery, and if they pinned their faith too firmly and, yielding to advice, purchased the other, they ought in no wise to feel troubled because it is inferior for what is Gow's is Gow's, and many will worship at this crimson- suited shrine. " Le Matin de la Noce " is valuable as touching the simple life of a simple people in another land, and, however misplaced it may seem beside " Rorke's Drift," has little that one can cavil at in treatment and execution and as much may be said for " An Eastern Question," which, though not striking, furnishes us an example of the gifts of a very honoured artist More anon. 