N0TJ5S BY NIMROD. For "a-wonder tlio Sir Joseph Banks handicappers appear to have pleased the peda aud public wit h their last pro üúctlou."-.'To handicap 260 nicn is a vrvy hard matter, aud I know' for certain that many hours wore spout by thom ??nftor tho handicaps woro mada in simplylooicing through them to seo that no one had got in with nu unfair sturt. Sinco thc publmátion of the starts noarly all our leading bookmaker» have oponed boobs, uuü it was almost a week bei'oro anything liko a decided favorito was made. -A good amount of money wns put upon several, but Fawley ap- peared to bo tho mo.it popular up to Tuesday, when a good commission . brought tho 'Clarence" River ped Ellem into favor, and both lie und Fawley woro quoted at 12 toi. With such a great number in, it is almostimpossibloatthÍ3 «arly singo to gi vo anything hko'an idea as to who will bc tho most likely winner. On Tuesday .the acceptances have to bc " declai cd, and with the acceptors bc-foro mc I may bcabloto . givo a bettor idea as .tb who have the best show.;. With such a low fee as five."shillings'for accoptaucc,' thorp is but little doubt but that thoro.will;boa;vory largo ace'ep .tuïcç, and I "wish to particularly impress tho "fact upon..those interested that they must scud iu ,their names before U p.ni: on Tuesday. . '; WARATAH AT'HLRTIC MEETING.-A largo numb er of Sportsmen aro in Newcastle from Sydney to witness tho Waratah. Sheffield Handicap, which will start; to-dav. Following are thc principal .'prices offered:-5 toi Gibson,, ti ¡ol Yates, 0 tb l Thorpe, 7to 1 Worry,.S to l Fergusson, 10 to 1 to 20 to 1 othora." . ' . . STOUTS IN MUIXIEE;-Mr. J;,M. Cox .sold by auction in Mudgee tho right of gatos, booths, &c;, for tho fire brigades'«ports on tho Queen's birthday, for tho sum of ¡Ü51-, to Mr. P. J, Collins, tho gitcs..for the; ntrricultural show being passed in at a rcsc ve of £t0. HALI. v. ¡DUNN.-On account of thc Victoria Theatre in Newcastle not being available for thonall v. Dunn contest, it is expected that; tho fight will como off somewhere up tho Hunter River. .'..-'' . ; ; WINDSOR GRAMMAR SCHOOL SPORTS. - The eighth annual .sports meeting under tho auspices of the Windsor Grn.m yuarSchoo.l Amatein* Athletic Club, was hold on Saturday ?Wftoruooif; on. tho school cricket gronnd, Fairfield. Tho weather was- fino and cool, and tho nttciulauco numbered about fifteen hundred.; All tho events were well contested, and passed off without a hitch. ; At tho conclusion thc head-master,, Rev. B. Reennn. tliauked tho .visitors for their attendance, and said that although sports at dj as- . .times woro indulged in largely by the school, 'nevertheless' 'tho educational requirements of tho boys, hud not been .neglected, as had beeiï proved ;in tho'past.' Tho prizes Iwero then presented to tho successful competitors by Mrs, Blacket, wife of tho Rov. Ca linn Blacket. ' ? At. tbo Windsor Grammar Sohool sports; on Saturday. ? Perry won thc Maiden Pluto j tho Ali Schools Handicap . went to G. Watson, of Roystor Collego; the saino runner taking tho 100 Yards'Handicap. The 440 Yards Race fell to Murray, 150 Yards to Pye, 220 Yards Er-studouts.tó C. ? Weston, 150 Yards (Hurdles) to Keyes, 300 Yards (Stran- gers)' A. Roberts, 100 Yarda' Handicap to Want, and Mile Walk to Burge. For tho Harwood (Ulmarra). Shofflc'd Ilnndicap, to bo mu for on tho Quoon's birthday, there aro ninety noinina . tions. The handicaps have been allotted. , .Teams of twolvo each picked from, tho Parramatta Nos. 1, . and 2 Firo'Brigades contested a match on th^s Parramatta j Alfred Ground on Saturday. Thc "contest endid in a very easy, win for No. 1, who scored 15Ó against 58. ';, Tho Fire Brigade sport? at Mudgee proiniso toiho.a great ¡íuccess. Thirty-lour entries havo boen received for, tho . district Youths'Handicap. A well dovised obstacle ráco ^ill ho tbe lead iiiit feature of tho day. .' :\ 1 ¡ ," ; 'INVERELL ATHLETIC -MEETIK«;-Forty-two rliávo ''ac- ' : . oepted for tho handicap for the Queen's birthday 'athletic sports.."- ".'."' ?.-..'., ??"..?'?;;?.?'" ??'?', v." ?. ?? - Sm JOSEPH BANKS HANniCArs.-Wo would romind tho : pedestrians engaged in the Sir Joseph'Banks Handiciip and ,'HurdleRace that acceptances will close for both events on -Tuesday next, May 25. PROFESSOR MILLER RETIRES.-Professor W. Miller announces his retiroment from all match competitions in the athletic world. His reason for so dohig is that ho has established an athletic a.'adomy in Molbourno for gentle- men amateurs. PATERSON.-Tho following handicaps have boon declared for tho All-comers' Handicap, to bo run for nt" Paterson on Mny 24 :-J¿ A Smith scratch, R. Hijiwell 1yd, F. Brooker and H. Eastcotfc 3, H. Muddle, M. Conollv, J. Barnes, H. . Duggan, and W. Studdert .6, J. BnattioO, J. Edwards, G. Turner, and W. Muddle 10, J. Patfield.J. Kidd, and C. Powell ll, H. Hartup 12, J. Brooker 15, und Fi. Burt IC. Tho members of tho Parramatta Hurling Club aro so pleased with the result of their first season that they have presented Mr. P. Long,, their courteous and onorgetio "secretary, with a,handsome writing desk and a niassivo gold.albert chain. Professor William Miller haß oponed a gymnnsium in "Collins-stroet, Melbourne, for umntours only. Among tho gentlemen amateurs of tho southern metrópoli» tho Pro- cessor isa erent favorite, and there is little doubt ho will dowell. HuRLiNQiiAit , SHEFFIELD HANDICAP.-Mr. Cullon nu ¿ounoüsthat thoHurlinghain Fifth Athlotic Mooting will bu beldon tho'12th, 14th, aiud 15th Juno; wlieu tho follow- ing events will bo run -off r-140 Yards Shofilold Handicap, ISO Hards Handicap Hurdle Ituco, Ono Milo Handicap Flat Jlaoe, Half-milo Steeplechase, 440 Yards Handicap Flat Race. ^ .?;?''? ,'?.; ."?',?.. Largo ontrios havo bcoh received for tho Gunubdah ath- letic sports to bo hold on tuoQucou'sBirthday, thoroboing , S4 ontrios for tho Grand Handicap and 20 uominatioria for ?JhoCup. ' ' ''"'?.'? j Tho Scottish Amateur Athlotic Association isnow' a properly constituted body, with oblo and wilting office- bearers, li. H. Morrison, of Goolong (V.), who ia studying in Edinburgh, is one of its loading spirits. . ..*>'.. ? ;' . ; SPORTS IN WEST'MAITLAND;-Tho athletic sports held' on tho Albion Ground, West Maitland,, ou Saturday'after- noon, attracted lib'nut SOO peop o. The' principal item Was u handicap for a purse of '£7, ovor'n distance of 130 yards. ?Twenty-live çouipètitors'spprtedI silk, and ran in divisions; which wero wou' by ? J. Ingram, li.' Haviland, George Cosstick, J. Rusé, C. Brown,-li. Grey, Jas. Moore, and St: Flynu. lu tho ruiinibg oil' Brown, Cosstick, -.Moore, and Grey again won' thoir divisions. In the final bout ' thc result was:-C.Brown, 17yds, 1 j J. Moore, 15yds,2; George Cosstick. 13yds, 3. Won comfortably by 3yds. "A great source of uruusoment was the contest ïor£5 overa flutter of 11)0 yards betweeu twp well-known local amateurs, J. Ansley aud C. Scott, tho latter allowing his opponent a start of 15 yai ds. Both aspirants for nthlctic honors appeared in tho orthodox running costume aud shoes, and were received with great applause. Scott soon found that he had con- siderably under-estimated his opponent's morita, as Ansley bounded away like a deer when tho signal to start wns given, and never gavo his opponent IL o ghost of a show, and waltzed home an e:isy winner by 20'yards. A handicap sweepstake for a small prizo waa mudo up on tho ground; for which about sixteen peda, contested. ' After somo good finishes in tho various divisions, thc final heat was won by J. Ingram; from scratch. NEWCASTLE GRAND HANDICAP.-Following aro tho starts allotted for tho Newcastle Grand Hardic.ap, of 130yds : H. Ciimpboll and Westwood 6-J, Monaghan7, Bassetts* Ingram 8.J, Noud and Collins 0, Dun»,'Doyle, and Davis 10, love- day 10$, Bishop and P. G. Brown ll, Morgan, Weekly, and J. Williams 12, J. Cooper, C. Tönerne, B. D; Brown 124, Bradshaw, Ri'ey, Bnin,audM'AuIiffel3, Willis 13$, Chivers, Walker, Mor'o/, . Lees,'Williamson and D'. Wiüker 14, Camero 21,}, Lambert, Smith, A, Bruce 15, Lawson 16, Solomu and Geuleg 7. ' CownA SHEFFIELD HANDICAP.-Tho: following handicaps havo been declared for tho Fishbuim Sheffield Handicap, to be run at Cowra, on Monday, May 21:- A'. Brown, Young, 2yds; W. Quick, Cowra, G; il. La no, 'Cargó, Oj W. Bower- ing, Young. 7; T. Blurpliy, Youu? 8 ; K. Graut,'"Forbes, 8 ; J! Scott, Blaynoyr 8; P. F. .'Lawlor, Mandurama, 8; M. Staunton, Cowra, 0; T. ll'. West, Cowra, 9; C. I Dawes, Canowindra, Oj F. Franklin, Murrumburrah, 9; ! G. H; Sharp, Cargo; 10; P. Coady, Canowindra, 10; W. , Britoul, Young, ll; J. E; Cody, Cowra, ll ; H. A. Robin- son, Cnnbwiudra, 12; J. P. Costello, Cowra, 12; T. M'Mahon, Cowra, 12 ; D. T. Brown, Blayney, 12 ; S. Nash, j Loaan, 13; J. Henderson, Cowra, ll j- W. Jordan, Darby's I Fails, li; T. Hutchins, Co wi a, ll ; H. Clarke, Cowra, 15 j D. Gould, Young, 15; J. Drngo, Canowindra, 15; P. Mulally, Cowra, 15; W. Supple, Cowra, 10. Acceptances will close afc 0 o'clock p.m. on May 22, in Walsh's Hotel, Cowra. - A footrnco for a trophy took place in tho Domain on tho 10th instant l e iweeu Yates and Harper of tho Railway Department. A splendid start sent tho men away to niu ii neck and nook race which was eventually won by Harper by a quarter of a yard. Signor Henry Cnsollp. tho Prince of Fencers, has arrived in Now York. The signor has fought eleven duels," and without doubt is thc most expert swordsman aud duello in tho world. Charles Mitchell, tho pugilist, who is now-showing his. athletic form in the Baldwin Thcatro, San Francisco, had a draw match in Leadville, Col., reoontly, with " Greek George." Tho bout was catch-us-catch-can, nhd after they had wrestled tor somo timo tho contest wasdecided ad aw, neither ono beiugablo to win the inatch in' a stipulated tinio. George challenged Mitchell after the niatch und Mitchell accepted his defi, They will meet each other shortly for £50 a side. - 