KOCK HAMPTON. WKDNESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1886. THE POLITICAL RAILWAYS. ALTHOUGH the Government Iiave denied the Central Districts their just claim to have the Central line of railway extended further to the westward, they have readily accorded to thc southern portion of the colony its fullest filiare of the spoil that is within their clutches. Indeed, we might say, with truth, they have forced the south to take all they offered, whether the people wanted it or not. The Valley railway, that is to be of no use to the Valley ; the Warwick St. George railway, that is to soothe the ruffled tempers of the faithful supporters of the Minister for Works ; the Laidley Creek branch, that is to have a train run over it when a farmer sends word that he has a truckful of produce ; and the Brisbane - Gympie line all these have been anxiously pressed forward by the Government ; and the extensions have been carried, but by what meal's ! The Brisbane Gympie line may be excepted, so far as improper influences are to be suspected of coming into play ; for in this case it was accepted as part of a settled policy, on tho part of all parties, that the line should be carried out as a portion of the coast trunk line. With respect to the others, not one word can be urged in their favour. Of the Fortitude Valley linc, the less said thc better on the part of those who support it. If it be allowed that public clamour might force the Government to carry the terminus into the city, nothing can be urged in extenuation of the proposal to run it into the North Coast line at Mayne ; no man with a grain of common sense would argue in favour of constructing a line on the east of Gre- gory Terrace, solely because the original line, in Iiis opinion, ought not to have been taken to the westward of it-at least he would not use such an argument unless he had some ulterior object to save. Yet this is to be forced upon the country, unless the Upper House reject it, on the strength of a majority of one, which was acquired in a very peculiar manner; and the cost is estimated at any sum not less than £300,000 for two miles of line ! The St. George line fiom Warwick is admittedly a part of the direct line from Brisbane to St. George via Warwick, an undertaking that is expected to cost the country at least £3,000,000, and per- haps a good deal more ! But the first portion of it - that which is com- monly spoken of as the via recta -is to compete with the pre- sent line from Warwick to Bris- bane by way of Toowoomba. A madder scheme was never forced upon the country, and this War wick-St. George section of it was carried by a majority of one, and that one a member who was thought to be politically dead, but was resuscitated for the occasion. These are two supreme efforts of political folly,' beside which the Laidley branch, with its grotesque absurdness, sinks into insig- nificance because of its smallness. Yet the Laidley extension is one that may be taken as an illustration of the length to which a Government will go when they become reckless of consequences. The length is ten miles and three-quarters, and beyond that point the Minister for Works says it is not to go. Indeed, we gather from the descrip- tion of the country, that it could not go very much further, because the top and sides of Laidley Creek are guarded by ranges that a railway could not be taken over. Into this cul-<le-sac the line is to be carried, through rich flats, a portion of which has been brought under the plough, and gives heavy returns. What revenue may be expected from it, is shown from figures which were supplied to the Leader of the Opposition by one of the Members of the district, who had been round for the purpose, and carefully noted the area of each patch of cultivation, and the ninount of produce that was likely to be received from it. In all, this amounted to 4500 tons, and the charge on the new line, according to the published ratns, would lie 2d. per mile ; so that if this 4.r>00 tons were carried over the whole distance of ten miles as a matter of fact, a great deal of it would lie carried for a less distance-if the whole of it were carried the full ten miles, the revenue derived from it would amount to £.S7.r> for the full year. Mr. White seems to have become very much excited while these figures were being given to the House, and claimed that he had put them too low ; but Mr. Norton offered to quadruple them if he liked, and allow a revenue of £1500 from the ; line from tho carrying of produce. The Minister for Works hud already stated ; that there would be no passenger traffic, and the only other receipts would lie on account of the small quantity of return goods that the limited number of farmers and their families required. Against the receipts must be placed, first, the interest on loan, which, if the cost of construction does not exceed the Engineer's estimate of £3000 per mile, would amount to £1200 a-year on £30,000, in round numbers. Add to this, however, the cost of iron work, which is not included in the estimate, »nd even if second-hand rails are used, as suggested by the Minis- ter for Works, thc cost is so far increased that interest alone would almost counterbalance the receipts. It is useless to urge that it would cost nothing to run the trains, because there is an engine that is not tu full work stationed near the junction. Engines and trucks cannot bo moved without cost ; there is the consumption of coal, wear and tear of line and rolling-stock, and other items which must be counted. The only fair plan is to count the cost as the same as that on the line generally, and when all the charges on the new line come to be computed-maintenance alone is about j £1-10 a-roilo-there will be a heavy debit each year on thc transaction. It is to be regretted that Mr. White should have drawn back from his first position, when he honestly asserted that he could not vote for the proposed line. That ought at once to have settled its fate, but it did not ; for, with a mischievous humour, a number of Opposition mem- bers, knowing, we presume, that the line would not be rejected by the Govern- ment supporters, went over and voted for it, thus giving the Ministers a majority of 28 to 10 ! The division is one that is to be regretted, ¡ for however much some members may relish a practical joke, their I desire for amusement ought not to be allowed its fling, where the public purse is to bc dealt with to the detriment of ratepayers' pockets. It is quite evi- dent that tho Government have outlived whatever usefulness they possessed ; and their retention of office can only be a burden to the country when they so recklessly squander borrowed money, and destroy public credit, as they have done lately. We have always held that they would accomplish their own de- struction if rope enough were given them, but we had not anticipated the wild extravagance of the last few days. Finance has always been the stumbling stone of their party, but they are not content with the ordinary process of disintegration. Indeeed, their late ac- tion is another illustration of the old proverb, that whom the gods wish to destroy, they first drive mad ! SUME inen in thia world are apparently born to ill luck. In large thing« and email, mia fortuue follows them ; their little schemes perpetually go astray ; and the bills they draw upon the future are regularly returned, marked N.S.F. Their trousers are always a little too short or a little too long ; their hens go and lay on somebody else's premises ; in a restaurant or boarding-house malignant fate invariably allots them the withered stump of the jam roll and the thick end of the coffee ; and a tom-cat will walk three miles for the sake of spending a night on their roof, and making tnat night hideous. Life, according to a great philosopher, is made up of email joys or small annoyances, and under these circumstances it is not wonderful that a in*n, thus weighed down by petty sorrows, BUonld at last give up the ghost. A day must come when his ben lays ia the next man's garden for the last time ; when one-blue bottle more than his aching heart can endure gets into his teacup ; and when that final straw which breaks the camel's back turns ap' in the butter ; and then be concludes it is time to quit this vale of tears, and retire to a land where these troubles are not, A few weeks ago Philip Walker, of Maori Creek, N.Z., came to this conclusion. He was an elderly shoemaker, and during a forty years' pilgrim- age he had hardly driven a shoe peg without hitting his fingers with the hammer, and had never once given credit without beiug left, except in the case of a Chinaman, and he paid his long-standing bill in uneatable turnips. During his long career he had met with nothing but disappointment, and it was characteristic of the man that even when he attempted suicide fae was bound to fail. He commenced the job, as most men do, by catting his throat, and then he waited half-an hour, and at the end of that time he found himself still alive. He next cut his throat «ver again and still lie could not die, and even when he cut it a third time he survived, and did not feel much the worse for the operation. He was driven at last to the conclusion that the knife was too blunt for this sort of work, and in despair he put the point of the weapon against his ribs and ran against the wall ; but in spite of his best efforts he failed to send it in more than half an-inch. The knife ultimately broke off, and after stabbing himself in the chest with the broken stump, and trying vainly to open an artery with a tablespoon, Philip Walker grew frantic, and resorted to dynamite. He half filled a small jam tin with the explosive, and then after performing some hocus-pocus with a fuse, be stood on the deadly object, and waited results. The results soon came. There was an upheaval and a dull roar, and a shrieking shoemaker flew across the sun's disc, causing a partial and unexpected eclipse. When he came down again, and took an inventory of hiniselt, he found that his legs had been nearly blown off, and as his object was death he naturally concluded that he was coming on nicely. Having succeeded in killing one end of himself, he resolved to blow out the other with a revolver, and accordingly he loaded all six chambers and let fly. What ensued was in keeping with his usual luck. The first shot missed, although the marksman was blazing away at a three ineh range ; the report, too, attracted the attention of au obtrusive passer-by-one of those individuals who always pefrist in looking in just when n gentleman is busy ; and IMiüip Walker was promptly carried off to the hospital. He is now rapidly re- covering, and will have to do his whole suicide over again. AT thc Police Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, a drunkard was cautioned and discharged. WF. hear there are still in the ofliec of the Gold Warden four parcels of the Californian rust-proof maize rejently imported by tho Government ; in all about two bushels. Four applicants have failed to come for theil share, which Bhou'd now, we think, be given to those who were told their requests were made too late in the order in which they lodged their applications. THK contractors for the building of the Main Drain, McsBrs. FraBer and Kgan, are making good progress with the work. They have nearly completed it from South to Derby Streets, and hope to finish in a month's time. The length of the drain they under- took was, the Mayor informs us, about fifty chains ; and the time allowed for it was twelve months. The contractor! wDl, bow ever, be able to hand over the work to the Council in considerably lesa time than that. THE weekly meeting of the Young Men's. Mutual Improvement Society was held in the Oddfellowa' Hall last evening. The Pre- sident, Mr. W. H. Hearn, WM in the chair. The evening was devoted to impromptu ' speaking, a.ud was passed very pleasantly. ] IT bas been decided to recognise the services I which Herr Toeplitz has rendered in assisting at various entertainments in aid of charitable objects, by giving him a " benefit night." Mr. Wilkinson's Amateur Dramatic Company will give a performance of " The Lady of Lyona," and the Orpheus Club will also assis*. The date fixed is the 10th of November. ' OUR northern friends are making the most of the recent utterances of the Minister for Works upon the proposed deviation of the Central Partway towards Winton, and are using them to bring about an early division, of the colony. The Townsville correspondent of tho Brisbane Courier, telegraphing on ' Thursday last, says the Separation Council that morning despatched this cable message to the London Committee :-" Minister Works, answering deputation extension Cen - trul Railway, states Government intend altering railway policy owing almost certainty ' separation ; alteration great injustice to the north." IT will have been noticed that at the last meeting of the Town Council a motion was. passed requesting the members of the General Purposes Committee to inquire into the scavenging system, and suggest altérations with a view to perfecting it. The Mayor'» ideas on the subject are thcae. He would do away with the night-work, knowing the men can do less then than in daylight and with less «are, and adopt the plan of emptying the pana during the daytime. In this way more will he done, and at a proportionately less, cost than at present. He would also increase the charges, those now made being below what would make the scavenging self supporting, but not so high as to enable the Council to derive a revenue from this source. He would also odd to the number of carte audi the staff of men, and effect such other altera- tions as are possible in the present state of the finances. MR. Piuur MOSES delivered hiaaffi<»ud tem- perance addresB, the subject being " Colonist beer and madhouses," in the School of Arts last, evening to a large and enthusiastic audience.. He was subjected to repeated interruptions from a couple of drunken men-one of whom walked through the hall and took a seat near the platform. A number of boys at the rear also prevented him from speaking on two or three occasions, and as one brought a set of bones into play he had once to threaten to call in the police. Previous to beginning his. address, Mr _ Moses announced that since he began his mbsion 151 had put on the ribbon' of blue, and forty-three taken the pledge. The progress he was making was slow, but with patience and perseveran, e be hoped to succeed better. He then passed on to speak: of the drink traffic, contending it was not legitimate, and adducing arguments to support his contention. The temperance party would, he declared, be successful in the long run, for it had all the reason on its side. He dealt especially with beer-drinking, believing that beverage was the favourite in Rockhampton, and the most prolific source of all misery caused by alcohol. Our mad-houses were Ulled by men who hod loBt their wits through drunkenness, as shown by the report of the Inspector of Insane Asylums in Victoria for 1884\. That gentleman had iu that year 3239 lunatics under his care. Of tbat number 2360 were reduced to their sad position by drink, and nearly halt by beer. That was the testimony of a scientific mun, not a tem- perance lecturer ; but one who was employed to speak the whole truth and nothing but thc truth. Mr. Moses was very severe on the doctors, who, in his opinion, .encouraged the system of drinking by ordering people to take stout or ale whenthey wereunwell. Physician! did not believe either would do their patient! good, but told them to take it because the] knew they would like it, and knew of nc remedy for their malady or complication c: maladies. He argued there were no nutritiv! Xroperties in beer, and quoted from the Ba: 'erprn' Guile and firemen? Meunna!-pUbli cations which were only issued to the trade but copies of which had fallen into hil hands. It WSB generally believed tha beer contained malt, barley, hops ; but thi brewer himself-in his own paper-said i was made out of glucose, treacle, salt, quassia gentian, wormwood, ooeculus, indiens, butryi ether, ginger, sugar, tinotnre of grains e paradise ; and porter was made out of ale b; tbs addition of a few other substances, ii eluding brandy colouring. Since he hai been in Rockhampton he had read in a hom paper-the Lincoln, Rutland, ami Stam/or Mercury-that lt was a simple fact that be« could be made without malt just as well I with it, and that it was done to such an et tent that a bill was then before Parliament I compel brewers to state what the liquor wa made from; Thepublicanknewtfbetractas we as the brewer and fae {the speaker) «lld, an yet that was what they took the tnone earned by the sweat of the brow for. Mi Moses described the processes by whioh Indi pale ale was manufactured,' and that beverao was converted into the best Dublin stou showing no malt was used for either and pointed out in the most forciM language that ths whole, "tiling "wt a lie and deception from- start 1 finish. He remarked, too, that-same hoi the opinion that alcohol was .different to al and stout, and declared positively that it wi the alcoholic thetwo beverages flamed that di the damage. On this point he quoted from ti Society of Arts Journal, showing that in I8Ï a conference of the leading brewers of Englati was held to consider the ale traffic wit India. The brewers said they could not mat sufficient money by the trade, owing to tis riigh rates of freight, and called scientists I theiraid. These latter said, "If you take afift; four gallon hogshead of ale. and putit into lift] four buckets, you will find that forty-eigli contain water and nothing else. ' Of tl remaining six, half contain alcohol and ha nourishing materials. Ship the alcohol an tile nourish ng materials to India, and ad the water there." The adrice oí the sciei tists was acted on, but as the elements < nourishment trent bad before they reaclie India the old Bystem had to be reverted t A three-penny piece would hold twice as muc nourishment as there was in a gallon i beer, and a penny hun would be equal! as nutritive. Mr. H. Johnson, of the Bc more Hotel, challenged Mr. Moses'statemen that the colonial brewers resorted to the san practices as the home ; and the lector declared that what was done in England wi done in Australia. He instanced the evi arising from drunkenness in several intere! inp anecdotes, remarking that beer w nourishing only to the base, of the brat where the animal passions lay. If tl puMicans had rights, why should n other people? The latter were taxi to maintain a costly police fore and what for? To sweep up t! leavings of the drink-siller's business ; nothii else. Since the publicans' business was deception from top to bottom it was n legitimate, and no one knew it better lb; th» men engaged in it. There was not publican who wonld not give his right hai to see IIÍB children remain total abstainer but they took money from other peopli children and prayed that their own might saved. In concluding he denounced t practice of drinking in homes and offen wine to young people - especially by bright and enticing yoong lady to young man ; and wound up' by predict! the eventual success of the total abstain! and the overthrow of the drink traffic. I waa repeatedly applauded, and on aitti down received almost an ovation. T pledges taken np till and inclusive of li night were sixty- seven, and the blue r bons 183. A BETURN* recently published in the Govern- ment Cavtte givea the rainfall at the meteor- ological stations of Queensland during last month. The records of settlements in this district are as follow:-Aramac, 1-34 in.; Banana, 1-07 in.; Blackall, 2-44 in.; Bogan- tungan, 4-éH in.; Boulia, 0 03 in.; Cler- mont, 4-22 in.; Duaringa, l'6ß in.; Emerald, SHS in. ; O'ladstonc, 0-04 in.; Emu Park, 5 96 in.; Isisford, 2-44in.; Lam- mermoor, 0-95 in.; Marlborough, 3*07 in.; Minerva Downs, fi-89in.; Muttaburra., l-26in.; Nebo, 5'31) in.; Nive, 1*30 in.; Orion Downs, 6'7o°in.: Rockhampton, 331 in.; Springsure, 7-16 in.; St. Lawrence, i'SCiu.; Tambo, 2-"7 in.: Taroom, 3*2!) in.; Westwood, 2 87in.-, Winton, 0-4Í) in.; Woodlands, 7-6G in. It is almost needless to remark that thc rainfall In the Central District was very heavy, and-after our experiences of the few pre- ceding years-phcuouemal. The Johnstone Uiver district may el,vim to be the wettest part of the colony, as month after month it holds the first position on this list. In September it waa again at the top, with 1S'54 in. It also holds first placeas having the heaviest down- pour in a day, 4'CJ in. falling there within thc twenty-four hours on thc ISth. Brisbane hail «nore wet days than any other station, viz . eighteen. Tim weekly practice of the Philharmonic Society was held last night in the reading room of the Fire Brigade Station. There was a large attendance of members, and the choruses from "The Messiah " and Cowen'e *? Rose Maiden," to be rendered at the ap- proaching concert, were practised. Some .oloa were also given, including one on the violiubyHerr Hage. This is the first occasion this gentleman hos had an opportunity of exhibiting his skill since he severed his con- nection with the opera company, and his playing was received with general marks of approbation, At the conclusion of the prac- tice the Rev, T. I'Erson, the President of the Society, called the attention of members to the announcement made in this paper on Monday of the approaching departure of Mr. Dingle, thc conductor, from tho town. Mr. TErson said he was certain every member ?hared his feelings of regret, and he believed be was only speaking for them all when he expressed au opinion that their conductor should not be allowed to depart without some substantial proof of the recognition of the kind attention he had given them. Mr. Dingle had again and again refused auy re- muneration until the Society was in a pros- perous condition, as it was only in its in- fancy, and had heavy expenses to meet. Still, his kindness had been none thc leas, and they were deeply indebted to him. These feelings were shared by all present, and a sub- committee of ladies and gentlemen appointed to give effect to them. j A SPKCIAL meeting of the Women's Chris- tian Temperance Union was held on Monday afternoon. After thc meeting had been opened io the usual manner, Mr. P. Moses, , who had been invited to be present, was formally introduced by thc President, and asked to say a few words. Mr. Moses said be was sure the ladies did not know what the j real object of his mission was. It was to induce thc women of Australia to do their part, and take their place on the ¡Ble of tem- perance. Just as thc Women's Union was one rcBuIt, so his going on the temperance flatform was another, of Mrs. Leavitt's mission. It was that Indy who first tried to induce him to take the step he had, though it was only within thc last few weeks he had ?eeo his way clear to do so. He stated tho men had been grappling with the temperance question for a long time, and were not much further advanced now than they were twenty years ago. The reason for this was that they had been working with one hand tied behind them, and that the right. When the women would realise their own power and influence, and use them on the right side, the tem- perance question would in a few years assume a very different aspect. The Rev. R. Hart- ley spoke a few words of encouragement and counsel. It was arranged that Mr. Moses should hold a public meeting of women only to-morrow afternoon, under the auspices of the Union, the ladies undertaking personal canvassing. It was also decided to start a flower mission, i.e., collecting flowers for the patients in the Hospital, &c;, as soon as prac- ticable. Superintendents for the following departments of work were appointed : Writing monthly letters tn other' Unions, conducting temperance work in public schools, carrying on temperance work in Sunday Bcbools, and introducing the unfermeuted wine at the Holy Sacrament. After passing some accounts, and a donation to Mr. W. Hopkins towards the expenses (ie incurred in the contest against the granting of provisional licenses on the north side of the river, one of the most interesting meetings of the Union «ru closed with the Benediction. TUE sale of the usual race-course privileges will take place on the 13th November, Messrs. A. 3. Callan and Co., auctioneers. DEATH by Electricity ts marvellously qnick, but not nearly io quick as the relief fron) pain experienced after using Remshard's . Bectric Oil, price 2s. 6d. per bottle, of all Storekeepers «nd Chemists. Wholesale Agents,' Vaughan and Co., and Row and Co. Ajo VT. " '.'-EvBRV WOMAN IN TUB LAND owes it to herself and her family to take care of her health. When she finds her betti b failing, tad debility and weakness undermines her strength, her surest and best remedy is Dr. Bell's Bitters. It builds up'the general health, keeps the secretory system in perfect order, regulates the kidneys and bowels, and enables these important organs to perform their natural functions in throwing off the accumu- lated Impurities of the body.-AUVT. WE (Hughenden Btmgn) are favoured with a /sw weights of fleeces from sheep «horn this year at Manfred Downs, which are well worth the perusal of the squatters of this district. Wa doubt very much whether these weights .oatt be beaten anywhere in Western or Nor- thern Queensland. The wool is very clean, -with a nice amount of yolk, and we congratu- late the owner* on having snob valuable «tock. Thc station-bred sheep have thia year 13} months' growth of wool, while the Boonoke sheep have not quite 12 months', and have been travelled from Townsville after undergoing quarantine there last February. From Boonoke rams-one of them secured champion prize at Deniliquin show, 1885, cut 144, 14, 12, 12J-63 lbs. wool. From Canowie rams-13$ months'growth, cut 16$. 13<, 14}, 134-57 lbs. wool. Six station-bred ens-rU months' growth, cut 10J, Iii, '<>. ». 9J 60 lbs. wool. One hundred and sixty-six iambs, 5 months old, averaged 3 lbs. 4oze. One thousaud two hundred and thirty Boonoke and Bungaree rairjB averaged 10j lbs. THE utilisation of hydraulic power for domestic and other purposes is not a new idea, but thc Invention made hy Mr. H. D. Pearsall, CE., in this direction has thc advantage of greater economy than any other as yet suggested. On a Btnall scale this invention is know to engineers ns the common hydraulic ram. Mr. I'carsaH's machines arc also called "rams" by that gentleman, but their action is so superior to that of thc machines known by that appelation, and they are avail*.hle under such very different circumstances, that they should really re- ceive a distinct name. The machine consists of an iron pipe, endinp, in an air vessel, with which the pipe communicates by some ordi- nary valves. Immeiliately under the air vessi 1 there is a hole in the pipe (extending round thc whole periphcri), which is alter- nately opened and closed hy a hollow Bliriin-* cylinder, mored up and down by a small motor worked by the air from tho air vessel. . .This is the whole of the machinery, and with any water power which may be available any kind of pumping can bc done by this simple machine alone. Thc water power is caused, I by means of Pearsall's rams (without any pumps or any additional machinery what j ever), to compress and force air instead of J water through small pipes, where the com Í pressed air is used in the same way as steam to drive dynamos. The applications of this machinery arc various, such as, for instance, for water supply for a town, water-Baving apparatus on locks, and compressing air for working rock drills, &c.; 