CATHEDRAL REREDOS. TO TttK EDITOR OP TUB DAILY TELEGRAPH. Sirj — 'When X answer a gentleman who ha3 the courage of bis opinions nml signs bis name lo a communication iu your columns, it is only courteous to sign one's own, and so I proceed lo answer and instruct Mr. JCuapp, impulsive, earnest, but slightly dcncicnt in knowledge ot his subject us my friend is. Leaving out the padding of which Mr. Knapp's letter in cliicllv coniDosed, lie draws our attention to the IIP articles, particularly the nth, 22ml, 2f>tb. 2Sth, il l tb and U5th. Wbo denies that Holy Scripture contains all necessary salvation ? Who seeks tb reintroduce the Komish doctrine of pnrgatorv, worshipping and adoration of images ? Who intends to worship the bas- relief of the crncKUtion at tho Cathedral? Who denies the etiieaey of the two sacraments "necessary to salvation," or calls tho other live minor sacrament3 sacraments of the Gospel? Certainly high churchmen don't. Who advocates the Ilomish doctrine of trausub- otantiation? High churchmen don't ; but who confuse real presence with material presence, which is transnbstantiation, and won't see the difference V Our brothern of the low church school. X.ot my friend, Mr. Knapp, read Article Hi very carefully indeed, for I can assure him it cuts both ways, especially ilio other : then let him show me his authority for oveuing com munions administered to railfulls and for leav ing tho word " rcgenerati" out of the baptismal service. Who wants to worship the candles, or the incense, or the pulpit, or binding of the Uible, or anything else iu an idolatrous sense that is iu the church ? And now for Mr. ICnapp's knowledge of ttie prayer hook. Mr. Knapp runs away with the idea, as the president of the Church Associa tion (Mr. W. !. Foster) did iu the synod so.no Years ago till I corrected him, that the articles ivcre or are a part, of tho prayer book, 'i'hev arc no such thing. Though tho clergy have to subscribe them, they are not even articles ot" faith, as some people think : they are only articles of religion bound with the prayer book for convenience of reference— a vast difference. XI this is the sort of knowledge of the prayer book the low church party possess, what aro we do witii them ? Xt is awfully uphill work to have to instruct your adversary iu his sub ject. before you can argue with him. Then again, though we have to thank Edward YI.'s second prayer book for many good things, such as the sentences, the exhortation, the confession and absolution, which, X am sure, it is a great comfort to Mr. Knapp to know, the ornaments rubric of our present hook directly connects it. with Edward V.l. iirst hook— tho second never being mentioned — and that same ornaments rubric, cither by command or by im plication, is tho sole authority we possess for every single ornament wo have in tho church bells, font, organ, pulpit, cushions, .te. And this is the book, which at the time it was put forth had as ilia highest encomium that it was "bv the aid of thu XXoly Ghost," that Mr. Knapp says was " so full of ubomi nations that it had to be purified." It is lamentable to think that tho members of our church are lobe set by tho care by men who, whatever may be their earnestness anil their personal worth, display such unliappy ignorancc of tho subject they havc takcn upon n.nm.n!i.p. fn iinitrnet others on. — Yours. ito.. October 20. UX.AKENDON SX'UAiiT. 