[ THEATÜEJiírÍYAl. The Federal Dramatic Company produced an adaptation of Jo, from Charles Dickens's Bleak House, at the Theatre Royal last evening. There was a large attendance, and for a first production the play ran very smoothly throughout, each artists being well versed in the text. The author's work, as is well known, deals with the out- cast and destitute crossing-sweeper of the London streets, and the home of a wealthy English aristocrat, whose lady's life is rendered miserable from the ever dreaded fear that a blot on her earlier character will be revealed. The weight of the piece fell upon Miss Marion Norman, late of the Pollard Lilliputian Opera Company, who took the part of Jo and Miss Helen Fergus, who played the dual characters of Lady Dedlock and Hortense,' the French H maid. The part of Jo is entirely suited for Miss Norman, as she depicted the hungry and hunted street waif with such realistic effects that the imagination of the auditor was' at once carried to the crossings and the slums of the great metropolis, which abound with these unfortunates. The graveyard scene, the second introduced, was extremely natural, and as the curtain closed on Jo who with clear and telling enunciation, when gazing wistfully at the grave of the only one who had spoken a kind word to him, repeats " He was so kind to me," the audience were earnestly demonstrative in applause, and the little lady had to bow her acknowledg- ments. Again in the final scene where he ends his weary life in death in the arms of Bucket, the police inspector, a deviation, by the way, from the story, Miss Norman exhibited great dramatic power. Her expressions of pain, caused by fell disease, the lost i dragging of the cart" over the weary way paved with so much suffering, the attempt to pray in broken half-choked utterances, till finally the spirit of the street arab takes its flight was so intensely powerful and realistic that the audience again called the clever little lady before the curtain. Miss Fergus had, perhaps, an opportunity of displaying her versatile and dramatic powers in this play with greater effect than we have yet seen her. Her conception of Lady Dedlock was most correct, but it was in the interview with Polkinghorn (who has sworn to expose Lady Dedlock) where she personated the French lady's maid that her high-class dramatic power is best seen. 'Anger, revenge, and malice are all concentrated in one fierce look and sentence, as with terrible vehemence she denounces Polkinghorn, and warns him of their next meeting. This is consummated in a succeeding act, where Polkinghorn, who is on the verge of exposing Lady Deadlock, is shot dead by Hortense in the guise of the ghost of the Dedlock halls. Mr. Odgcn made an efficient prototype of the almost history the London police detective, Bucket. Mr. E. B. Boothman took the part of Chad. band, the worker in the cause of " tenth," butters genuine and actorheoverdid his char racter, and was at times monotonous. Mr. Frank Bateman was an excellent Mr. Snagsby, and there was little to be improved in the representation of'Tulkinghorn by Mr. H. Douglas. The other characters were well maintained? Jo will be repeated to-night, and as it is a decidedly the most successful play of the season, there should be a full house. It is well worth seeing. ' ' I I . . 