? GEORGE WATSON'S—the Prince of starters—sole aim on Tuesday was to get the Cup field away to a capital start. The poet evidently had George in his mind's eye when he exclaimed,'' Watson an aim." A SCIENTIFIC exchange tells us in all good faith, '' that headaches arise from decayed teeth." Well that is strange. Hitherto, in our inherent guilelessuess, we believed that headaches were principally caused by pickled salmon and lodge meetings. But what we cannot understand is that on the morning following the Cup we had the most splitting hcadache on record ; and yet we have not a decayed tooth in our head. THE following is rather a startler :— General Order, No. 833 | 86. Officers attending the Garden Party at Government House will appear in undress uniform with swords (white gloves). White gloves and swords seem to our civilian mind undress uniform with a vengeance. Almost as much undress as ladies' full dress. Even King Boe Vagi on State occasions wears a waist-belt of oyster shells and an admiral's cocked hat. This costume reminds us of poor Dick Swiveller's enquiry when he came to after his illness, and found* the Marchioness had pawned his clothes, " What, not even an umbrella ? In case of fire, you know J" IT seems contradictory, somehow. In an ordinary marriage it's the father of the bride gives the woman away. But in a case of bigamy the old man has nothing to do with it. It's the first husband then that gives the woman away. THAT'S where we differ from old man Coriolanus, His pal, Meuemus Agrippa {rum name), remarked of Corry, " His nature is,too noble for the world. He would not flatter Neptune for his Trident." Now, we are not much given to flattery, but if we could with a few soft nothings persuade Mr. White (the present owner) to part with Trident we should bend us to the task. If this is the same Trident Coriolanus wouldn't try to weedle Neptune out of he must surely be too old for a Derby (three years old) race. Coriolanus has been dead more than twice that time. WITH a view then to encourage some of our readers to foretell the winner of the Steeplechase, and place them in the enviable position of being able to plank all their earnings on a "certainty," we offer the following recipe, which is said to be infallible in calling up a nocturnal vision. Before retiring to rest eat two pounds of pork sausages, one pound of pickled salmon, and half-a-dozen cucumbers, top up with a pint of colonial and two dark brandies hot. An effort should then be made to swallow three or four Age leaders, and a column or two of the Parliamentary debates, and if all this should not bring about the desired result then we can only humbly refer those interested to the energetic editor of our only evening contemporary. WE cannot say that everything was perfect at Flemington last Tuesday. We regretted to see the genial secretary hobbling over the lawn on crutches. We hope to see him soon minus his supports and appearing as perfect as all the other arrangements on the course. THE old familiar skyline of the Hill was materially changed on Cup Day. The New Stand, which has been perched right over the Lawn, stands out boldly over the mass of seething humanity beneath it. This stand has already become popular, for under its protection and from the heights a much finer view of the steeplechase can be obtained. The other improvements about the course were greatly admired, and their practical use exemplified by the crowds which permeated every comer of the ground on Tuesday. THE people wlio knew 'what horses would " cut out" the running in the Cup, must have discovered it by " sheer " luck. SAYS the theatrical man of the Australasian:— "Dvorak knows what to do with his materials." He needn't have bothered to tell us that. It's not t often you meet a musical or theatrical party who,* given the materials, is unable to mix to admiration. THE frau Schmidt was reading the paper to her Hans. She got to an account of the recent Leidertafel, and Colonel Templeton's speech about the Spectre's Bride. Hans laughed that time. "De Spegtre's Bride," said he. " What does a spegtre got for to be broud about." A spegtre, mein vrow, MELBOURNE folks grumble at our crickets.' failure in England, and attribute it to banquet parties, &c.; Pshaw! it's only natural tbit cricketers should do the block. THE Chamber of Manufactures has, we fear,BEEN got at by Mr. David Oaunson, M.L.A. 'T( lev carried a resolution that " a letter be Bent to th Premier to the following effect, viz., that British diplomatic and consular officers in foreign parts be required to furnish monthly returns upon even possible subject connected with the trade, financed business, and resources peculiar to the country' &c.;" Evidently they want to get a consular billet for Mr. Gaunson. Now that Lord Kussell is dead, our David is "about the only man who would be ready and willing to prepare a report 011 every possible subject. vos a sbirit vot haven't got no clothes, and _ about mithis nideshird on, never don't exist v-enyo® don't haf bork shops vor supper. Spegtre's Bride- My virt, a apegtre got nodding to be broud about BY-THK-BYE, Colonel Templeton, speaking 1 for spectres, reminds one of the strange way' "Which humans feel drawn towards their opposite Big men marry little women, and vice versa. W"?. probably adds a lot to the boss old maj° r ' admiration for that spectre iB the fact that l) f " himself such a remarkably healthy kind of apparition. We are ready to bet that the w old majors fail to share in their senior's admiral® for ghosts. They would probably plump for fat man from Tasmania in preference. 