SPOUTING NOTES. MEMORANDA. BY "WARRIOR.' Bar bad starting and judging, the Wynd ham races on Saturday were successful. In the finish between Townley and Whale bone in the hurdles, Audy Ferguson treated spectsvtora to one of those electric bits of horsemanship for which he is justly famous. If the judge after putting his number up had gone to the bench instead of., takiug it down and putting np another, there would have beeu general rejoicing in the painters’ camp. The finish was like the Coburg tonsorial operation—a very close shave, indeed. A_ short time' ago Tandstickor, a son of Lucifer, was supposed to have been blown out and was, therefore sold for £l7. He became the property of Ted Power, .and as such won the Williamstowh Steeplechase. Last week he was sold for £46 to Mr Miles,; and the way the old. fellpyv„ .did his two miles at Wyndham without the Mr glad dened the hearts and bulged.out the pockets of backers, 'and made Power .regret' parting with the light of other and present days. “Hamlet, I am thy la.tlief’s- ghost!”' Well,’ look :at that now. - A .torse bearing l the name of' Ghost was' strougly supported: for the Wyndham Handicap, aud but for coming into contact with a.couple of “un considered triflesin the shape, of posts, lie would have been .at the winning post soon : enough to land his backers’ money. One of the handsomest and‘speediest fillies in training is Rich worth, ..daughter of Richmond. This lady tlie'eyes'pf sleepy ones in a'big rdee'shortly.: Another' sporting’ paper ,is about to be started. The promoters tell nie that at first it will be small, but' good.' Each issue is to be chock full of the’- latest and most reliable sporting intelligence. - Geelong will-be the centre I 'of attraction for racing meu on The entries, are excellent, the weights have-been ad-: justed most‘equitably, therefore, I predict big fields and a big Having disposed of St. Albans,: Mr Jas. Wilson has purchased ground between Drv's dale and Qneenscliff which; I am informed, is to be used for another gigantic'breeding aud training establishment. ; Myles-na-Copalecn, a- Sydney horse en gaged in the Melbourne Cup,., is going, so well just now on the training,, ground, that the early birds are getting a bit on. The historic ashes must have been dug up and conveyed to England by the Eleven which is representing—l should say mis representing Australia there just now. They also included in their outfit a sponge, which, I regret to add, Captain Scott, at the Surrey banquet, threw up. Bad weather and continuous bad luck, in my opinion, are the foundations of their failures. Sou-wester and oil-skin weather does hot suit tiic players from the Sunny South; neither does the abnormal elongation of tiled b. w record. The M.C.C. is makiug most- liberal otters to Shaw, Lilywhite, and Shrewsbury, to forego their visit, aud it is on the cards that the affair may be settled on the basis of Mr Wardill’s last offer. Japaucse life, as exhibited iu the Japanese Village, is a most picturesque aud inte resting study. The show will he run for an other month iu Melbourne. In the mean time the agent will visit Ballarat, and if he is satisfied with the prospect so will the village. Fisk’s Jubilee Singers will soon be in Bal larat, and a grander, melodious treat never awaited the music- loving members of our community. Quaint, soul-stirring, sympa thetic melodies aud old-time slave song3 be guile the listener, and perchance help him a step or two on the upward journey, if that happens to be the way the listener is going. One hundred aud thirtecu horses remain iu the Melbourne Cup. When about SO more have dropped out it will be quite time enough to begin a search for the winner. V.A.T.C. entries for the Grand National Meeting, to be held on the 21st inst., are Al, both as to number aud quality. Messrs Smith, O’Shannassy, Whittingham, Robertson, Leonard, Donald Wallace, and Robert Power were the successful candidates at the V.R.C. election on Monday. 