: PORTING.. ANSWERS TO CQHRESPSftDSHTS, . . TUB 1URF. B.vcKnn.-— 1» You wore only entitled to a atnrt wltli die first' librae In the ilouldo. If First Toil was not scratched at the time (lie wager was made you have no nlteriM'lro but to-pay. 2. Wo ennnot inform you of the exact time. - Write to Mr. J. IX Robinson, the secretary. .... H. C.— Tiio now rules came into operation on '1st July, -10331 : MiAt MJA,-Clnptrnp has Incurred n 7 lb. penalty for (ho llawksuurn, Hnn.licnp. His impost in coussqucnco iicliiff lucmi'scd to 8 sr. 4 lb. , . B. B.— 1; Ycsj'Oraco Darting and The Ghost were both' passed under the limnmor Inst June. 2. Mr. Morris ; Jacobs gave 800 guineas for Hilltop. ETTA - Fern Tree Gully.— Citoyenne, who was killed at the late Geelong meeting, was by Gang Forward from . he Natoac' iSho Iwus consequently full sister, to Anita . and half sister to Tyrojiean. Mr. James Wilson, of St. Albans, shvu I4O guineas for her, prior to which Mr. Matthew, Bryant bought Iter for C5 guineas' at sir Tliomns EWorttsalo In Mny, 1884. Otn SrnitfeiiiKh.— Tlic rule Is very stringent In the event of Hie starter being unable to compel nnv jooUey to obey his oWers, ho may -delay the start, and- shall .immediately report tlio matter to the stewards, who may prevent such Jockoy riding In tlio nice then ' about to bp rpn (but may permit another Jockey to bo mHun).-orinny disqualify the horso for tlwt race, and, -in nduhlou'to any 'fine Imposed, may ftulhurfinu and suspend Wm< from riding, and punish the owner and tralmlr at thtlrUIscretlon. ' llAiiwoxirnl— First Prince mid Silver King are full .brothers. t- - . Qt'EnV.— Malua has served eight marcs during his \- a-Uremeutfrom tlio turf. ... 1\. 15. \Y»»rvIttsolvent' ran In plates when defeated at .Gcolong. j; . .. ' Lioxkl.— The Chanter started a better farorlto than I'Jio Acq.: y \ : Cou.vtrv. Clkrk.— tlio clerk of the scales should always put 2 JL eafrn Into, tlio scnlos to provo that- the ! horso tins not carried too . much weight, under rule 75, ' whlcll says that If a jockey intends to carry overweight exceeding by mora than- 2 lb. tlio weight at which Ids horse is to he run, ho must declare the amount of such fovenrelfht.x. The. declaration must bo' nmdu lo tlio clerk of the scales at the time of weighing, ar.d tfu .clerk shall, exhibit the amount of- such extra weight witli tho iiTimbcr of tlio horse. II. 1).'— li. Sllvcr'ntlne Is a TusmanUn bred horse, by Napoleon (sire of . Mozart) from Sllvcrhalr, a daughter of Cerrus. 2. - It was his first appearance on a Victorian racecourse; '. :?.i He Is trained by I. Fou!s1inm,; nt Brighton. 4. Ho only ran once lust season, and then won a six furlongsJmudJcap at Colcbrook, Tnsinaulu. AtnEi»r— Veij.ratehwork fell before Joe'a Indian Queen II. . . : . ' Vicn— Neither Claptrap, St OdMIo. SllTcr Mine nor r. I, havalncuiicd p/nnlilsa for tho Newmarket Han- "leap, Inasmuch ns tiiCro are tnmo attached to the race Jn question. -All fonr ore pcimtlscd for the Gaklclgh llnndlCap.'.thclr respective imports now being— Claptrap, 8 st. lQ'lb.;!£JlvennIne,17 st. 01b.; 1'. F„ 7 at. 71b.; andSt.:Odllje,Gst. it lb. : A. W.— Donald (late .General Gordon), winner of tho Juvenile Stakes nt Geolong, Its In II. Connolly's atubso. Jus dam Is a. full sister to South liumiltoii, by King or tho King from Musidora. NojnN'AToib— Ah objection mado In writing cannot be withdrawn' without leave of tho stewards. Tile Waretin — 1. Princess . Mmut, dam of Acme, is half slsrcr.to thc English Derby winner, George Frcilc- Mr, J.I White gave 310 guineas, for her at tho Cobhnm Stud sale In 1881. 2. On the authority of tho /7eW,. tlie Dulcc.of Hamilton's stud is tho only one In England whlnii tins two thoroughbred grey stallions in it, these .being, tho two sons, of Strnthconun— Soot Guflrtland StratnaVwi. ?«£ '.2 £. ycry stout horse, for ho ran 181 roccsond won 45. HiiREftrs.— The Fawn's progeny have realised 12,/OD. guineas or 13,535 so vs., viz., Richmond, 200 guineas Richmond llclle, 800 guineas; 'Beawnrih, 500 guineas; Palmyra, 1250 guineas; Segenlioe, 2000 guineas;, Warwick, 2000 guineas; Superba, 1900. guineas; Gohesta, 1300 guineas; Montcin, 1550 gui neas, nnd the yearling fllly- recently bought by. Mr. W. Cooper, 1200 guineas. .Xl TKOTTiNG. BAxnEn. -According to the recently roriscd Ameri can fcrott jug rules, every horse that Is weighed out is a Ntnrtar, and shnil be llnblo for his whole stake, but n horse is not a starter (for the decision of bets) untlllie Is ut the starting-post nnd In the hands of - tlio starter. Tills rule came Into effect oa the first day of lite prcsout year.'- .. „ -/ . , . .. , S. T.— A horse of, that name ran In the race In Ques tion, but ho did uot win. ' CRICKET. Bowt.er,— In the nbsenco of any conditions- ns to a minimum number of balls to bo bowled, A Is entitled to tho trophybcyorid nil question. Iu first class. matches In this colony it-has tacomo recognised llmt not less than 80 balls must bo bowled , to entitle a bowlor to a trophy, but Uie.ro Is 110 lnw.ox sling to that effect. A. L., Seymour.— Not out. A similar circumstance recently happened hi Sydney, when a ball delivered by Palmer 'struck Garrctrs ball knocking it out of tlio groove but not removing it from the top of tho stump. Old Ciuckexbu.— Uenrgo Ulyctt was born at Shef field, on 21st October, 1851. ' II. P., 'Portland.— ' The full strength of England; has. nevcrbcu represented In Australia, nor has the strongest team that could bo chosen from tho colonics ever gone to the old coantryVns there have always been one or two FlayenrwhQwero'oligtble but unable to undertake the trip. - \\\'o think: the Melbourne club's team will bo as strong as the( team of 1884, -although Murdoch and Banncrmoi eanuot.be replaced. Tito latter during his Inst visit to England was la notlilng like Ids ' best form with the tfat. ;. B. 11., Kensington.— Shaw's team arrived In Adelaide rm 29th .October, 1884, by tho steamer Orient, and left tucro on their return journey on the 6th April. 1835, in IhoPotosU-..-: Srbsi re,— Tlio players who liavo visited England four times ate Blnckham, Boyle, Spofforth, A. C. Banncrman mid Mardoch/ - It. ML.— 1. J. Phillips, who acted as umpire In tho recent, intercolonial match,' Is encaged m a ground howler by the Melbourne club. 2, One foot must bo on the ground .bchlud the bowling crease nud Inside tho return crease. . AQUATICS. D. 0 B,— IlnplRn sealed 10 st. 12 lb. when lie last rowed Bench for the championship of the World. TACHTIKQ. \\\ cxpouREE.— 1. The five tenner Doris was repeatedly JSjftoo by the Curio Australian beforo sailing round to > letorln, . and it -was owing to tho superiority of tho o)'uiu-y. wonder that Dr. Milford ordered Sao, Ids pre sent very formidable six tonncr, to bo designed by Wxon Kemp. 2, Doris tried her pacos with Sao In several matches, but was left so far behind that her present owner has given up any thought of competing successfully. ' 3L- Sao has 6 Inches- more beam than Assegai and 6 Indies leas drought, which, with a ton S?vi ,oul<|lJu» should give her au advautagc over «uo Victorian cutter In a hard blow, as she would re cover herself quicker when licctcil over. n PEDESTK1ANISM. i,j ,r ".--ITftving taken purt In tlio handicap homed, icia a professional; best time for 1000 yards is2mln. 13 1 ibUislho premier amateur, record either in Eug- burn or America. , . CANINE. ''I'in R tnblcspoonful of cod Hvcr'oH 7,r/ 'Ptjnilng for a week and lot us' know tho result, out. -Ulfl oftiio knife would result In a "kill or idy.howc0 Ims B 