" Pa," said a fir« year old son, " can a rope walk ?" "I think not, my son," answered the father, " bat it might if it were tant." " Never pot off till to-morrow what yon can get your mother to do to-day," a hazy fashionable young lady was heard to say re- cently. Â farmer once asked another in the mar- ket why he bad given a certain ploughman so" good a character. " Ah," said he, " you will have to give him a better before yon get rid of him.'? An Englishman who was spending his sum- mer holidays in America last year, happening to take up a little book on geography, "for the use of schools," saw-" Where is Lon- don P It is the chief town of a small island off the coast of Prance." A learned counsel was defending a female client charged with theft, before Mr. Justice Byles, on the plea that it was really klepto- mania. "Of course," he said, "yourlord- ship knows what that is P " " Oh, yes," re- plied the judge, " and I am sent down here ? to care it ! " Â countryman was sowing bis ground, when two smart fellows came riding by, one of whom called out with an insolent air " Well, my good man, 'tis your busines to sow,- but we reap the fruits of your labour." The rustic replied-" 'Tis very Uk« you may ; for just now I am sowing hemp." Snooks (fiercely)-" Do you mean to call me a liar, sir ¡> " " Brooks-" That ÍB the construction which suggests itself in connec- tion with the observation thai I addressed to you, sir." Snooks (mollified)-",A11 right, sir. I accept your apology. I allow no man to call me a liar." Briggs hired a livery horse to take a little exercise. He got more exercise than be wanted, and as he limped to the side of the road to rest himself, a kind friend asked bim -" What did yon come down BO quick for ? " " What did I come down so quick for P Did you see anything in the air for me to hold on to ?" he said. An unfortunate debutante who made his first appearance as the Ghost in Hamlet, was so rudely treated by the audience that in the midst ot the scene he took off his visor, and put the audience in perfect good humour by saying-"Ladies and gentleman, it was my hope to please you ; if I have failed, I must give np the Ghost." The Yachting Season.-She: "How glor- iously the fresh breeze fills the sails, Mr. de Salt?" He: "Ya-as-the sails are full." She:' "And how resplendent the moon is, Mr. de Salt ? " He : " Ya-as-the moon's falL" She (getting tired); "Ah, do yon know where the captain is, Mr. de Salt ?" j He'.- "Br-ya-as, below. He's fnil, too." j Customer-"Look here, waiter, what's ttuB?" Waiter-" Looks like a boot-lace, sir." "It is a boot-lace, and it was in my SOB,»." "Beg pardon, sir; bnt would you mind lowering yonr voioe ? " " Lowering my voice, indeed ! You ought to be -" "Don't let that gentleman at the corner hear yon. He's dined here reg'Iar for eigh- teen months, and we've never thrown him anything in!" She had quarrelled with her old bald headed lover, and, in dismissing him, said ** What is delightful about you, my friend, ÍB, that I have not the trouble of sending you back any looks of your hair." HÍB reply was-" Had you given me a lock of your own, yon would not have known whose hair yen were sending." The address of a certain young man having been declined by a young lady he paid court to her sister. " How much you resemble your sister, said he on the evening of the first Cali: " You have the same hair, the eame forehead, and the same eyes-" "And the same nose," she added quickly. He was stopped calling at that house. It is said that Queen Victoria had occasion to sign a document in Manchester some years ago. She wrote her usual " Victoria, . B. et I," followed by her daughter's simple eigna ture-also asked-" Beatrioe last the wife of the Mayor was called to sign the paper. Not to be outdone by any Royalties, she coolly wrote " Mary." Overheard in a Dundee tramcar : Tim O'Flinn : " It's a fine day, sir. (No answer). I say, sir, its a fine day." Aristooratio bar- ? rister: Pm a lawyer, and never give my opinion unless paid for it, my good man." V Tim s " Well, ye may be a lawyer, but faith .yer no gentleman. That's my opinion, and not a ha'penny willi charge for it, aither." " Harmonious colouring gives a feeling of repose in the home," says an art journal. Therefore, if yon get a red-headed wife, fur- nish your house in the same tint. À French lie-beg pardon, we mean story -is about the experience of a young lady who being' caught in a thunderstorm, had ber ¡ head completely shaved by lightning. 1 We j Will wager that her first sentiment was one of exultation that ber bonnet had eBoaped. , A weekly journal «tarts an. artiole thus " Editors, like, other mortals^ are. subjeot to trouble in this world." This is a serjonsxle lusion ; editors are. never troubled ny any« , thing.'/îÇney. live In mansions, conBort ;with aristocrat ride in baronohes, dine ;off silver plate -loaded with dainties, write with gold. 