V.R.O. Spring Meeting. Deiby Day. Enormous Attendance. TBy Telkodatii.T MiimounNK. Saturday. The weaihcr at Flemington was hot and dusty, with a Btrong north wind blowing which waB far from pleasant. The Htt-Jndwoo wiis exceedingly largo. The visitors from Government House arrived beforo the first race, and iucluded Sir Henry Lcoh and Lady Loth, Lord Oarrington and Lady Ourrington, bir George Struchan, Governor of Tasmania, and Sir Win. Bobiuton, Govornor of South Australia. The traflio was very heivy on tho Xb mington road, and the trams from tipenoet btrett htation were well putronieed. The lata rains had made Flemington and the Horound itg country look beautiful. Th^ running ground was in admirable 01 dor, uud tha im provements made on tho course gave great satisfaction. It is calculated that th»re were olufo on 70,000 people present. Tha following are the retults of the various events : — MiauOTJBisE Stakes, 1} miles. — fsonomy. (Quirn) Boolha (Olds), dead heat ; Biavo (Gallagher), 3. Other starters : Sheet .Anchor, Tamarisk, Menotti, Grace Darling, Industry, Lord WiilUm, and Ci on fire. Betting : 3 to 1 Is momy, 4 to 1 Sheet Anchor, 6 to 1 Iudustry and CroBtfiio, 6 to 1 Tamarisk, 8 to 1 Graoe Durling and Bravo, 10 to 1 Boulka and Lord William, 20 to 1 Menotti. After several fulno starts, Buolka uud Isonomy got away with the lead, followed by Menotti aud Lord William, Tama ritk snd Bravo being next with tiheet Anchor and Qracu Darling last. Paising the bridge, lord William led Boolka by neaily a length, »i-h Itoncmy, Croetfiro, aud l-htiet Anohor clef 0 up. Presently Croesfiro came up soeond, Lfiid WilliBm leading by half a langth. At tho hbattoirn Boolka had fallen baok, Isonomy running second, Tamaritk and Bravo in close attendance, Industry being lost. Lord William maintained the lead to the sheds, when Sheet Anchor and Crossfire wore togbther hnlf uleugth. ahead of Isoncmy and Graco Darling Sheet Anchor now took tho lead on rounding the btnd, whilst Ieonomy, Crossfire, and Graoe Darling went up. Lord William foil baok, and here fcheet Anchor and Isonumy led into the straight, Grace Darling and BooUca fol lowing, -with Bravo and Iaonomy near up. Fiom the diBtc.r.co there was a mnguificent race, Sheet Anchor, Boolka, and Ieonomy oon. tesiing the lead, whioh Isonomy g*iued oppo site the can iage paddock. UoolKa an ; Isonomy raced neck and ueok up the straight, and eventually finished togother, with Bcavo three lengths behind, and Lord William next, Sheet Anchor fifth, Menotti sixth, and Gr .oa Darling and Tamarisk lust. Timo : 2 niiuB. 12J tecs. After the last race of the day Iuunoiny and Eoolka run off, and Isonomy won easily. Hgthah Handicap, 1 mile and a distance.— Claptrap (Hnmage), 1 ; Htxhain (Huxley), 2 ; Luncer (i . Smith), 3. Other starters : King master, (Silver King, First Prince, L'jsbia, inmuB, italvo, Genoe, Ihe Peuoil, Fi=h o' Silver. Betting : 3 to 1 Htxhum, 6 to I Tho PeLcil and Kiugmaster, 6 to 1 Halvo, S to 20 to 1 olhtiH. Iho field wero sent away to a nica start, Salvo on thn rails, with Kinginabter, Htxham, ar.cl Luncer in the ctmtre. After pacing the t.tand Salvo obtaiued half a length, lead iiom Htxham, a bimiliiv distanco top^rat icg that horse and Luncer, who was u length iu front cf Lesbiu, Fieh o' fcilver, Gonoo, with. Claptiap and First Princa biinging up tho rear. 7 he field swept round the rivur turn in much ihe tame order. Lesbia gave placa to Hnlvofoc teoond place Pasring the bridgo noar tha abattoirs lirat Prince threw his joolcoy liiDiideih). He was fortunately unhurt, aud led his horte in. Hexhum, Sulvo, and leuil were hero almost in a line, with Latioer. and Cl. iitrap cJO£0 up and Ringmabtor iu the iciir. I. . \vu h hd Lesbia and Haxham past tho ?beds, an.1, entering the Btraight Haxham got the lead, Claptrap diflplaoing LeBbia, anil, with a grand effort, Bamage brought Olaptrap clean to the front, and Salvo falling, Olaptrap main tained his lead and won easily by several lengths from Hcxham, who was u length ahead of Luncer. Salvo finished sixth, behiLd Penoil and Silver King ; Bingmaster was next, and Dish o' Silver last. Time : 62 J- bgob. MlsiB'SiiNONQ Platb, 6 furloDgs — Hor- (ente (earned 14 lb.-. penalty) (Oamp. bell), 1 ; Hunting Tower (Kolso), 2 ; Bedouin (Power), 3. Other starters: Mata mua, Pei haps, Essex, Mistletoe, Ktcut cbeon, Albert Loddon, Fancy Free, Jebusite, Loyalist, Eckersley , to perance, Abeideeu, Lava, Octana, and Miranda. Betting: 3 to 1 Lava and Perhaps, 6 to 1 Hortense and Mistletoe, 10 to 1 others. After a delay at the start Hunt ing Tower got in front with Perhapj, MiBtletoe, Bortonse and Albert Loddon olose up, next e: me Lava, Aberdeen, and Bedouin. Oro-aing the tan Bedouin was in front and Hortenso in the centre wave. Mistletoe and Hunting Tower then camo with Lava and Eckersloy. At the distance Hunting Tower made a great effort, ana a good fiui-h resulted iu a win for Eoitento by about a neok from Hunting Tower, a length ofi Bedouin, 3rd ; Lava, 4th ; Aberdeen, 6th ; Kckersley, Oth. Tho last two were Ebbcx and Mistletoe. Time: 1 min. 7J sees. Epperance ran off. The Dbbby.— Trident (HaleB), 1 ; Chesham (Bobertson), 2; Aglaoa (Power), 3. Other ttartera; lUaddelina, Volcano, First Consul, and Kingfish. Betting : 2 to 1 on Trident, 5 to 1 Maddelina, 10 to 1 Voloano, 12 to 1 /first Consul or Cheeham, 20 to 1 Aglaos. Kingfieh, Cherham, and Aglaos were very troublesome at the post, whilst O'Brien got on very badly with his horte — First Consul, and Voloano apparently waa inolined to give trouble. At last a start waB made with Aglaos next tho rails, Volcano and Chesham next, and Madde lina on the outside. Chesham was fit at away, but Volcano took tho leud, and Ones ham, Kingfieb, Maddelina, Trident, and AgJaoa together, nith iirtt Consul lajfc. Bounding the turn towurd the river Voloano increased hiB lecd to three lengths, whilst Chetham lead Kingfish by ttvo lengths with. Maddelina and Aglaos a short dUtuuca b hind. Tiident headed hiB horses by the river bond, und joicirg bis stable oompanion the paos was made fast, Kingfieh joining White's pair. Volcano got in front passing the bridge, Hales easing oft' slightly, The former took Chatham with him at a couplo of lengths distance, about the oamo distsnos peparuting Cooper's oheBtnut from Kiugfiah. Trident had been allowed here to fall behind, a length Bepatting him from Maddelina, who wai followed by Aglaos and First Consul. Bound the bend Trident and Kiugfish changed pliices. Maddoliaa fell baok three lengths behind Kingfish. At tho abattoirs Voloano, wai ?till in the race, with CheBbsm a couple of lengths behind, and the favouiito three lengths faither bick, but going easily. The fast limning of Volcano began to tall, and Kingfish dropped baok Beven or eightlengtha, Maddelina and Aglaos together two lengths away, and First Coneul in the rear. By the shedB Tridtnt cume a length nearer Oheaham, who paired a tittle on Voloano, Kiugfish being four lengths bibind, followed by Aglaos and Maddelina. From there into the straight Hales prefeed Trident and challenged Ohesham, who was ooming at a great paoe, Hales ranged up alongside the chestnut, and together tboy laced almost neok and neck until half ? way home, then the favourite gradually got his nose paet Bobertsrn'B mount on the outside, increasing the lead gradually, and won by two lengths, both animals heing ridden out. Aglaos headed the beaten division, 10 lengths behind, the first pair followed at intervals by First Consul, Kingfish, and Maddelina, Vol cano aoting as whipper-in. Time: 2 mina. 30 sees. Skliiko Bach, 7 furlongs.— Huron (Howie), 1 ; The Ghost (Gorry), 2 ; Stafford (Fiddes), 3. Other starters : Ellington, The Baton,- Louis, Tichborne, Bojstertr, and Straight Shot. Betting: Even The Ghost, 6 to I Ellington, 7 to 1 others. Huron was first away, followed by Straight Bhot, Tha Ghost, and Ellington. At the Abattoirs Huron pnueed Stafford, who was oaught up by Iho Ghost in tho inn home, and beaten foe ?econd place by a couplo of lengths. Huron won by a length. lime : 1 min. 9 boos. Cobueo Stakes. — Dayatar, 1; St. John, 2 ; Hogmunsy, 3. 