A? Lively Five Minutes. SWe are told every day that." truth is stranger that fiction ;" and that this is so as again shown-by the following facts, which I narrate as nearly as possible in-the words of the person (an assistant to a well-known London veterinary surgeon) to whom the adventure occurred very recently: "We had been having several cases of rabies at the surgery during the last month or two-more cases than usual; but, with the exception of one, they had all been brought in before the disease reached its most virulent stage. I am rather interested in the disease, and had been reading aboutit; and, sitting in the surgery alone and quiet (but for. a poor beast in the yard with rabies which gave vent every now and then to the dismal howl peculiar to the disease), it was not par ticularly lively; and when my master (a veterinary surgeon) came in from his usual round I was not sorry. He went into the yards and inspected the patients. as usual, ordering the collie with the rabies to be killed at once. I attended to this, and, re torning to the surgery, received orders to go to the Britannia publichoase, in Soho, and poison a large retriever -belonging to the landlord. My master had seen the dog during his rounds, and found it in a danger ously rabid state. I filled a small bottle with hydrocyanic acid, and, taking a syringe, went off at once to see aboutit; " Arriving at the house, I'stated my busi ness, and was handed over to the pot-boy to be conducted to the dog, which I could hear howling every few seconds. There being no yard to the house, they had chained the dog down in the cellar, to a staple in the wall. ''Es a wery bad case, sir,' said my guide, 'an' I'll be glad when it's all over.' I as suredihim it would aoon be over, without much pain; and, descending some steps, we passed through & room in the basement that was dimly lit by a small and grimy window. Cases of: wines and spirits were ranged against the walls, .and we could hear the tramp of the thickly shod customers in the bar or, tap room just above our heads. Opening a. door, we passed into another room. This was lighted only by the small window in the room we had just left, as it shone.throogh the now open door. ' He's in there,' said the pot-boy, pointing to another door in the wall opposite. Thinking there was a ,window in the room, I pushed the door olien, and immediately heard the rattle of a chain and the hoarse half-howl, half growl of the poor beast, whose eyes I could see against the far wall, gleaming through the dark. Window there was none. 'Why on earth didn't you bring a light ' I asked angrily; *you don't suppose I can poison him in the dark?' 'Thought I'ad a match,' said the man, fumbling in his pockets; ' theres a gas- jet just inside the door.' I had no matches, so I sent him up-stairs to get some, and, awaiting his return, sat down on an empty keg near the door. : The dog seemed uneasy; and, fancying the light through the doorway annoyed and distressed him, I pushed it with my hand. The man was some time gone ([ found after ward he had been to ask his mistress if she would like to have alast look at the old dog). and I sat there thinking over the notes I had been reading in the surgery. The air of the cellar was close, and the smell of the wet sawdust on the floor was most unpleasant. Clank went the dog's chain against the wall 'or the floor, as he moved uneasily about, wrondering, I daresay, what was my errand there. Then the movement ceased for a time, or, partly alsorbed in my thoughts, I failed to notice. The next minute started, feeling something rub against my leg., Look. ing down, I saw two glaring eyes just at my knee. ' The dog was loose, the staple having worked its way out of the damp and gi ing mortar. "For a second or two I nearly lost con sciouness.- My -heart seemed to stand still; ,but by an effort I kept from going off into a faint. I shall never forget the next' few minutes as long-as' I°live. "I was alone in the dark, with this rabid beast rubbing about my.legs-first one, and then the other, as if he were trying to fid out who I was, Then he rested his hse on iy knees an?d looked straight up into my face. I sat like a statue, knowing that at the slightest movement he would probably seize me, and knowing (who better'?) that such a bite in his advanced state of disease was almost certain death, and a horrible death too. Nerving myself, I sat perfectly still, calculating as well as I could my chances of escape. Presently the dog put first one paw, then the other, on my knee, and, standing on his hind-legs, gently rubbed his head against my breast, then over my arms, and then commenced to explore my face. I shut my eyes, and felt his nose pass several times across my face, covering it with saliva. Yet I dared not move ! I expected every instant he would seize me; the very beating of my heart might disturb and annoy him; and I felt that, come what might, I must fling him off and make a dash for the door. i "Suddenly he ceased rubbing against me, and appeared to be listening. He could hear the steps of the pot-boy descending the ladder. I also could hear it, and knew not whether to call to him or keen silent. The dog now dropped down to my knees again, still listening; and as the light of a candle streamed through the crevices of the badly. fitting door, he crept into the far corner of the cellar, evidently dreading being put upon thechain again. Then I made a dash at the door, swung it open, and bangingit to behind me, tank, more dead than alive, on a case near the wall. Seeing my state, the man biought me quickly a nip of brandy, and I pualled myself together. All this time the dog was growling furiously on the other side of the door, and tearing at it in his mad endeavor to get at us. Steadying myself as well as I could, I placed the light on a pile of cases, and, filling my syringe with acid, opened the door about two inches. As I ex pected, the infuriated beast rushed at the opening, and as he did so I discharged the contents of the syringe into his open mouth. In a few seconds all was over. When I went up-stairs I found my trousers, vest, coat, hands, and face covered with the saliva from his month, I felt sick and faint, and looked-so the people said-whitea as ghost; in fact, I could hardly stand." 