MARTIN DEVEPJL'S DIAMOND. . AliL lllOUTB liBSBUVKI). A NOVEL. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jacom's Wii'k,n<fce. ' CITArTER JX.— Tin; OTnKi: Smis. Cicoly's dlsn>poiutincnt m Mr. (.men ju»k;- Iake'9 (lomeauur led her to welcome his pro- uiised visit next day with very liltle pleasure, although her manner remained studiously, and even anxiously, courteous to hint. He seemed hont solely on thoughts of business ; ho made notes, measurements and drawings, and when ho enmo in to lunch at her invitation he talked a good deal about recent literature with Mrs. be llretcn, whom lie Appeared to iiiul very interesting companion, and very little about the work that ho was doing amongst "the manor-houses of Keut." At another timo Cicely would have been pleased to listen to him, for he talked unaffectedly and well about subjects in which she was at home ; hut she was rather put out of tune by tlio discovery that she had lavished a good deal of sympathy where it was not needed, and, although alio rrowed herself heartily glad of the fact, it was not in human nature that she should be devoid of some consciousness of humiliation. She was quieter ami graver, therefore, than usual, and Giles Kinglnko would certainly have set Iter down for a child of 17 had ho not known from various other facts that she must he over that age. lie went hack to his work, after luncheon, expecting to see no more of her; hut it happened that about 4 o'clock the two encountered each other iu the garden, at a point which Kinglako would scarcely have -.Y.-.I Y.rt.1 li» rvrtt urnll TV»mt»m Ills) WflV reauuuu »«« - about the grounds. Ho raised hi3 hat when ho saw Cicely and apologised. "I was trying to take the short cot from the house to the church, Miss Lorndue," he said. " You have blocked up the gate, X see, at this end of the ground." 44 Yes," said Cicely, briefly. " Papa wished to keep the village people out. They made a thoroughfare of the garden." "Just so. Tlieu X must go round by the road?" "There is a littlo gate further on," saul Cicely, in a somewhat ill-assured voice. " It has only been made lately, although my father consented to it before he died. I — we — thought that the people were inconvenienced by the change, and we wanted to keep everything a9 it had been in the old days— iu the days ot your family." "It looks to me as if things were a great deal better managed now than they were in our day," said Kinglake, as ho followed Cicely down a narrow track through a tir plantation which led to a gate iu tlio fence. "X do not think that you need regret the past, Miss Lorraine." " But surely you must regret it 1" said Cicely, Indignantly. " I'm afraid X don't. I never regretted Lady- well Priory iu the least, if that is what you mean," " But, haven't you any sense of old associations when you come hero ? X oftou wish that the Oraugo was mine ; there arc real memories of our own people connected with it. 1 like it much better than the 1'riory. I like to bo amongst my own people, and I should have thouglit, Mr. Kinglake, that you would like it too." There was distinct reproach in Cicely's tone. She resented liia hardness of heart with respect to old associations as if it had been an injury done to herself. "I am still amongst my own people, so far »a X have auy," said lie meditatively. 44 All tho relations that I have are with me in London, Miss Lorraine. X have made my own associa tions." " Ah, but thiuk of all tho ghosts that you have left bchiud V" cried Cicely. "X hope my ghosts don't annoy yon," sahl Mr. Kinglake. " Xn mv.tiino they were very quiet and wcllbred. They never came un invited." Cicely was obliged to laugh. " X feel as if you should have takon your spectres with you," she said, "X fancy it is only the ghosts of one's own relations that arc tolerable. "I'erhaps so." Then he was silent and seemed to reflect a little. " I'll tell you how 1 should get rid of them, Miss Lorraine. I should refurnish the place completely. I should lay bare the picture gallery and till it with reafly good paintings ; in fact, X should banish all trace of tho past from every part of the house, and 4 restore ' it after the newest fashion. It must bo very disagreeable to live in a place where tho existence of former occu pants is forced upon you whether you like it or not." 44 l)o yon mean," said Cicely, slowly, 44 that you would feel no regret at all if wo changed everything in tho place that remiuded people of your family V — that, supposing we hud once called in Maple, or Morris even, and metamor phosed every room in the house, you would absolutely not mind ?" I?or the first time Mr. Kinglake hesitated and Eulled his beard a little doubtfully. They hud oth halted near the gate which opened upon tho highroad and were facing each other. Cicely's eyes were fixed earnestly upon his face ; it; was plain that the questiou'was one of no trivial importance to her. Giles Kingluke's look was bent upon the ground. 44 X won't say," he answered at last, 44 that I should like to see so complete a change as the one you seem to suggest. X should perhaps feel that it was a pity to sweep away anything that might be called of historic interest. But it seems to me, Miss Lorraine, if you will for give inc for saying so, that you have been pre serving tilings that are of very little value, and my advice to you would bo to keep only tho things yon like for their owu sake, uot the thiugs that you thiuk the former occupants cared for." 44 1 think everybody with any taste prefers old things that have a liistory to tho brand new, shining, varnished articles out of an uphol sterer's shop," said Cicely, with some defiance of manner. 44 Of course. But there is a point where new furniture becomes necessary," saicX Kinglake, dryly. There was another pause, and tSien Cicely laughed and seemed to regain her usual gay good humor. 44 X was afraid that you would look with Scorn on our modern innovations," she said. "Not at ali. X like modern innovations." "Unrornantic though they may be ?" "I'll tell you what it is, Miss XiOrraine," said Giles, with decision which was not devoid of bluntness ; 44 1 don't thiuk you know or can imagine what a life ours was during the last few years of otir stay here, or you would never expect mo to have kept up a sentimental fond ness for tlio place. Do you know what poverty is ? Can you guess what it is to have a big placo like 'this which you can't keep up, and to iivo in constaut fear that the bailiffs may appear in your drawingruom any morning? or to know that members of your family— your mother, perhaps, or ypur sisters — are suffering for want of money which the sale of the houso would put into their hands? X was a pre cocious boy, and J. felt these matters very keenly, and it was to me at least like the liftiug uf a great load from my shoulders when my father made up his mind to sell tho place, pay his debts and live quietly abroad. Jfo felt the change, and I believe that; my mother felt it too ; but, to tell tho truth, I didn't." 44 Now I understand/' said Cicely. Giles Kinglake did not loo): as if lie beetled her response, ilia face was turned from her, his brow bent, his eye fixed on a distant point before him. 1 A new thought crossed Cicely's mind. She spoke hastily. 44 Cotno down this walk with me. Ijnust show you something. I want to know whether I have done right in this." He followed her, scarcely noticing whither Bho was leading him, uutil they reached a- plot of ground divided into three or four flower-beds with walks between them aud a low wooden ! bench under a weeping willow at tho aide. < Kinglake's eyes brightened as he looked at tho f beds aud then into Cicely's face, but ho said , nothing. "Is it true what Farrant told me?" pho began, eagerly, 44 "NVero these not liMlo children's gardens? I did not liko to disturb them j but now I do not know " She stopped short, and Kinglako answered her with a grateful look. "Yes, these wero our gardens when we- wero children. There were four of us." "Furrant said that theso two belonged to your sisters— tho little ones who died/" said Cicely, coloring and speaking iu a low voice. 11 X thought when I came hero first that, as.'tihey had been kept unchangod so long, I would/keep them too. But this morning X wondered whether I had not beon mistaken." "No, you were not mistaken/' said Giles, ab sently. 'This was Ella's plot, and tho other was Katols. " They died of scarlet fever wlieu'tihey wero seven and nine years old. They wcrciboth buried in tho churchyard." Ho paused a moment and then looked into Cicely sympathetic face. 44 That was why I meant to go to the church yard. I remember my little Bisters ; very ; well." " Tho other plots belonged to you andjyour brother, did they not ?" 44 Yes; that one iu tho cornor was Frank's. He fell in a skirmish with a liill tribe iu India 10 years ago. Wo planted that willow-tree to- gcthor." There wns a silence. Tho tears wore vcry near Cicely's eyes. Mr. Kinglako seemed -un conscious of lior m'esoneo. ILo paced round tho little garden walks, examined some initiaLs— "Ci.K." and " F.K. — roughly cut upon tho bench and plucked a leaf or two from tho willow -tree. IXis faco was quiet and grave-— a little moved, perhaps— and for a long time ho said nothing. At last ho returned to Cicely's ando and spoke in his usual clear aud open fashion. 44 Thank you, Miss Lorraine," ho raid. 44 X don't mind what you do about the Cliippondulq chairs or tho portraits of my uuceH/toi's, but I do Uko to see theso little gardens .still undis- turbed, and I feel deeply obliged to you for keeping theiu as I hey were.-" "I will always keep them so," said Cicely, "ami if there is anything else that 1 can do— anything that you would like untouched — I shell be glad to carry out your wishes." "There is nothing else, thank you. But don't feel hound to keep those plots if you want tho ground fur anything else, Miss Lorraine, just because of an association which is, of course, nothing at. all to you. '1 confess that it has been a pleasant surprise to me to find them looking so much as tliey used to do ; but after all it signifies vurv little whether they are here or not. They will always exist unchanged in my memory, and if I close my eyes X shall always he able to see Frank trundling a wheel barrow down the path and Die two little girls shaking seeds into the soft black mould." "They shall never be altered iu my time," said Cicely, with great earnestness, as thoy walked away. 44 Ami, Mr. K.ingiake, we shall always be pleased to see you here when you are m the neighborhood. Kvcn when I am away in the autumn, if you let my cousin Bliilip know beforehand that you wish to go over the house, he would send word to the housekeeper. Perhaps vour family — your relations— would also like to see it." 44 You are very kind, Miss Lorraine ; but the exigencies of my life don't often allow mo to make such . expeditions. X am very much obliged to you for your offer. X and my — my family " — something of a smile stirred the cor ners of his lips as he adopted her expression— " are very quiet, stay-at-home people. And uow you must allow mo to say goodby and to thank you again for your kind ca.o of those little plots of ground. My mother used often to wonder whether the new owners of the place had dug them up or left thorn untouched." " I wish she had known," said Cicely, re membering that Mrs. Kingslake had died abroad some years before. 44 1 wish so too," said Kingslake soberly. Then they parted — lie bending his steps towards the church and thence to the railway station, and she to the house, which she scarcely kucw yet whether she liked the better or the worse for Mr. Giles Kingslake's visit. (to he continued.) 