Correspondence. It must be distinctly understood that, while we are at all times happy, to insert correspondence, we do not in all cases endorse the remarks of the writer.] " Japonica" and the Escaped Nun. To the Editor of the Nepean Times. Sir,—" Japonica" asks if the escaped nun did not assert the truth, why some Catholic would not contradict her. For his inform ation, and others like him, I assert that Catholics do not depend upon her, or others like her for their good or evil report, for, as members of the Catholic Church, they have the advantage of having true faith, the communion of saints, and the forgiveness of sins, for Christ said to the pastors of his church, when he breathed on them, "Re ceive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins ye shall retain they are retained," and they depend on the promise of Christ, who said; "The gates of Hell shall not pre vail against you", and if any of our priests said anything against her, the malice of the enemies of God's church would be kindled against them. They would say the priests would be despotic, intolerant, and tyrannical, and would try to raise a 'tumult, as did the Jews of old ' when they said " Give us Bar rabas, and away with Jesus." " What will I do with Jesus, who is called Christ?" They answered " Away with him, crucify him.!' .That is the way they would act. They would believe that hypocritical rene gade who, flattered them in their prejudices and vanities. Pilate asked the same ques tion in the Judgment Hall of Christ as ''Japonica " did. "Do you hear what great things they say against you and he never answered a word. It is after His example that the priests act with such forbearance and charity, and their silence is often made use of by their enemies against Catholics, though they are men of learning, talent and ability, and endowed with the Holy Ghost, and they carry their power and authority under their humility as our Saviour did his divinity under his humanity. A CATHOLIC. 