1.0110J( ' OF .11L L)IdO17,V1L . [ilY 'Pl?:n GuoST.] Gnce again is Victoria inl the throes of a geueral election. Fortunatdly theres are no " burning" questions at present setting i politicians by the ears, and most of the electoral contests hingo on purely personal I considerations. Mr. Gillies has issued his i political manifesto, but like the crater of i Vesuvius, when looked, into by Lord Dun- < dreary, " there's nothing in it." It is of the a colourless and nondescript kind, intended to offend no section of the community, I typical of the faineant gentleman from c whose brain it emanated, and, designed c with a view of pleasing everyone, abso lutely pleases nobody. Of course, in com- a mon with all documents of its class, the 1 proaltciamslto of the neow Premier deals ( largely in promises. If only one-half of r the benefits the member for Rodney 1 pledges himself to shower upon the com- n Imunity are ever conferred upon Victoria, D the colony will not only become "i a I paradise for the working man," but at garden of Eden for the farmer, a f Tomn Tiddler's ground for tile miner, a land where tihe protectionist may revel in prohibitive duties, and a country where the freetrader may enjoy full scope for his aspirations. \Water is, however, tihe mcdium through which the new head of the Governmont desires to reach " the 0 great heart of the people." Irrigation is i evidently the trump card of the Ministry, and in the address of the Premier is " water, water everywhere." Perhaps it is n the prevalence throughout the speeches of u the "undiluted" element that has caused fi them to fall as flatly as they have done; t for excepting on the parched and arid d plains of the north-western areas the question of water, important as it uun doubtedly is, is not of ia kind to provoke a large amount of enthusiasm. As a rule the free and indsependent clector does not dis play iauyviolent feeling undter the stimulus i ofithle hcvorage known to medical students i as aqua pumupai?jclis. I Were proof required of the absolute necessity.for the existence of the newly formed Decentralisation League, a perusal of the report of a meeting of Melbourne t merchants held on Wednesday at the Exchange would amply justify its raison d'etre. Evidently looking uponthemselveos as "the colony of Victoria," this select assemblage of fussy busybodies proceeded to pass a string of resolutions expressing I confidence in the Gillies-cum-Deakin Administration, and affirming "that it is t desirable the principle of coalition should I be maintained and that the electors of the i colony he recoimuended to support those candidates who give the present Ministry 1 their support," and not content with this i dictation to the electors they further 1 resolved that a section of the nobodies and 1 busybodies present "should act as a court of reference to determine any matters of I difference that imay be referred to them by the constituencies or the candidates." How truly noble and patriotic is this desire to meddle in matters that do not directly I concern them by the little knot of merchants and traders of the Melbourne i Exchange. Since the time of the histori cal trinity known as " the three tailors of Tooley-strect," who took upon themselves the duty of issuing the famed manifesto commencing "We, the British nation," no such act of barefaced impuldence has taken place in any English- speaking com munity. Every hour, as the 5th of March, the day fixed for the general election, ap proaches, makes it clearer that the life of I the now Ministry will not be an unmixed round of " beer and skittles." Despite the "influential" meeting at the Melbourne Exchange, candidate after candidate is declaring against the continuance of a coalition Government, and such aspirants for political fame as avow themselves in favour of the Gillics- Deakin " combination troupe" only do so in a very half-lhcarted fashion. All they will pledge themselves to do is to " support the Government so long as it brings in measures calculated to benefit the colony." With such promises, leaving as they do suchi a wide loophole of escape for those who utter them, there can be little doubt that as soon as Parliament meets the Government will be confronted with a large Opposition. Periods varying from one to six months are assigned as a limit to the Ministerial existence, and then there will be a return- to "straight" party Government. However, as our Gaelic friends Pay, qui viora verra. Opinions, of course, differ in respect to the personal merits of tile individual members of the now Ministerial team, but there ap pears to be a pretty general agreement as to their position as a Government, and that is that it is one of the weakest over formed in the colony, and that from its I birth it contains the elements which will lead to its speedy disruption. Looking at the men Messrq, Gillies and Dealkin hevo brought together, it niust be eyi(jent that the only cementing InlF that binds them together is love of office. Not,'indeced, that it is composed-as were some former Ad ministrations --of the "needy, seedy, and greedy," that the popular will, during periods of political excitement, had pitch forked into the Assembly. But until the wolf lies down with the lamb, and oil and vinegar blend smoothly together, the ultra-Conservative and the ultra-Rladical will not comfortably meet at the Executive Council table. For even Victorian politi cians, whose normal state is one of ardent panting after olfice, feel I there is a limit beyond which concession degenerates into weak ness, and forbearance becomes closely akin to cowardice. On the extent to which this sestitent pervades the new Oonlition Government depends tie existence of theo Administration, more perhaps than on the desire of the Opposition to supplant them. Thle threatened strike of the bakers of Melbourne has been averted, and our daily bread will continue to beo served to us as heretofore, the mastnrs having generally acceded to tlhe demnands of their employcs. Wlletre this hals not leton tile case thie mtn ihave been 'f rcalled oit,I' and during thln time they are odit of employ will, by a recent resolution of tile Operative liakers' Society, receive full wages. This isa new phase in tihe history of "strikes," and will doubtless be hailed with acclamation by "strikers" the world over. To do nothing, and receive good pay for doing it, would almnost betoken that the Victorian baker had at all events one foot in the Paradise Mr. Berry, in hIis pro-Agent General days wms wont so often to promise hIis deluded hearers. And apropos of bakers and bread, it may be mentioned that the gentleumen in soclu sion at Pentridge, isolated from the society of their countrymen for their country's good, Ihave of late grown fastidious, and were a disy or two ago in sucl a soutinous state as to necessitate a double guard and great owatehfulness on thie nart of tie warders to prevent a serious outbreak. A timely display of firmness by the authorities luckilyiaverted what might have eventuated in a serious disturbance. It is a somewhat fortunate thing for the pcolony thst prisoners are not privileged, during their compulsory retirement from the world, to exercise their political righlts. Wore they onabled to voto, candidates would assuredljr be found who would promise them everything they wanted, and replace the dark-coloured bread of which they complain by thie lightest and whitest of French rolls. The new Minister of Education should look to it. lie has already constituted himself the special Providence of the warden. By a little exercise of the honourable gentleman's esticity of clncioenoe, the mritter might surely be managed, Professor Pear son should at once sno to it. We are now reaping thie first fruits of thie want of unanimity of the colonies in the matter of federation. Lord Granville is availing him self of the opportunity afforded him by the attitude of New South Wales, in standing out of tile Australasian Union, to palter with the question of tihe annexation of thie New Hebrides by France. That the noble Lord is bent on playing the same silly gamd as isi predecessor iri tile former Gladstone Ministry must be patent to even the snost casunal observer. Were he not himply "humbugging" Austridassis, why should he' delay commutnicatins with Erairc, anld postpoone 'ctiou sltil tlhe Agenits-Ginieral lhd oomiuitmqicted with Stheir resoectsi'e Governmeouts . 4saqredly the time'hanl cend for tnn colohies to speak o it, and unless they do so in unmistakable torms, there is every chance of our witness Sing a repetition of thie cowardly and dis Sgraceful bungle whioh lost New Guinea to the British Empire. : " The announcement that the now Ninistry do not propose lsubmitting the Tasmanian reciprocity treaty to Patsliament, which fir. Gillies has nilde in his almost Ineau ingless manifesto, is one calculated to cause disappointment and regret. It shows how anxious the Government is to avoid giving offence, and how unwilling they are to risk their political existence upon any deoinite policy. It also serves to demon strate that in the mouths of the second Coalition Government federation is a mere parrot cry, uttered without intent or a dcesire to see the union of the Australian colonies brought about. To talk of federation while a policy of isolation is stuliously carried out is sheer nonsense. Where rampant protectionists of the Graham Berry type did not hesitate to rush in, the smaller fry of the Deakins, Down, ,lames, and Nimmos might as nmredly be led to tread. ui this innstance Mr. Gillien may perhamps disnver that hli lmisse: .faire a:ttitudel is not in unison with the wishes of the colony. The sooner lhe is forced to make this discovery the better. March 1. 