THE LADY OF DIS. (concluded.) By-the-bye, Narcisse, whom do you thiok I met in town yesterday 1 Linton He uas been. knocking about all over the world since his mother died two v«,r. ago. I made him promise to come down here to-morrow.' There was a large party of guests at Oak lands, who had cotne down from the town for the recess. As they all sat round the Inncheon-table, chattering and laughing, they scarcely heard the care less remark made by their boat to bis wife. It scarcely seemed as if she heard it herse.f. She made nn rpnlv anA I next second one of the guests asked her some laughing question, and she turned and answered it. And she laughed too, but the sound seemed far off and strange in her own ears, and the next moment she even wondered why she had laughed. When the luncheon party broke up, Lady Dan vers, with a dim, dazed look in her eyes, went away to her room. She was scarcely conscious where she was going, she was scarcely conscious of any thing. She had forgotten her guests, she had forgotten her husband. Her brain bad only room for one thought. Cecil Linton wag coining to-morrow ! She could form no other thought — what she would do# what she would say. How would she meet him I He was coming— — that was all ! With blinded eyes she went on. Her feet stumbled as they struck against something on the floor. A child's broken doll was lying in her path. Dis- figured, end paintless, and armless— a poor dilapidated object, yet brought to this very diBmal condition by the eager affection of the baby whose plaything it »». The child had dropped it in coming or going from her mother's room. Mechanically Narcisse stopped to see what had made her tumble. With a little inarticulate cry, ehe caught up the poor waif of dollhood, with its star ing eyes and tangled flaxen hair, strain ing it to her heart in a shock of remorse, and fear, and pain, as if it had been some living, sacred thing. Was not it sacred tor the baby arms which had nursed .it and carried it? And her straying, careless feet would have trampled on it as they went blindly on in their despair. 1 Oh ! how wicked I have been !' she said as the tears rained thick and fast upon the broken plaything. ' How wicked I am ! j Cecil Linton came down the next day. He arrived in the afternoon, when Lady Dan vers and all her guests were assembled in the great hall for tea. They had not seen each other since the night when they had parted at the ball. They met qnietly, almost like strangers. It was easier to meet like this before all these other people. Nar cisse, with all those listeners round, could talk to him and ask bim about his life, and laugh at hie adventures as she would have done to any other man. Her social training gtood her in good stead. And yet, as she caught every now and then, when he fancied she was not look ing, a searching gaze, with something in it very like shocked wonder, ehe nearly faltered. What was he seeing in her to study like that? The evening passed away, and the next day. And the following day he was going to leave. Narcisse connted the hours. The agony of them was almost insupportable. Bat the agony of fear mastered the pain of bis presence — fear lest she should by look or Word betray herself to him. None of her guests who heard her laugh and talk, and saw her the most brilliant of them all, guessed what torture Bhe was going through. Linton neither sought her nor avoided her. He went his way with the other guests, and made himself popular and agreeable iu the old rather lazy fashion. He had still, the manner which made some people call bim conceited, and perhaps this manner, with its complete coolness and self-con- tcotment, helped Narcisse to fight the battle against herself better than any thing else. She no longer wondered why he had come down. He had long ago forgotten that fully for which ehe was paying so dear to-day. The morn ing of the day that he was to leave, he came into the morning-room where she was. For the first time since bis arrival he found her alone, ehe having always surrounded herself by her guests, to avoid any such meeting. She was standing near the window looking out, with her walking things on. He saun tered up to it. She did not look round till he was close to her, though she heard him coming. As she turned, the strong light fell on her face. He started, and again that almost shocked qnestion came into his eyeB. With a little impatient movement she pulled forward the curtains to shade her from the too-searching sunlight. 'What do you see in my face ehe said. Wrinkles and crowsfeet already? I am not twenty-two yet. He smiled slightly. ' Did I look as if I meant to ask such 1 an indiscreet question I' he asked. ' You looked as if you thought I was a fright Charles ssys I am.' He told me yesterday that I had fallen off dread- hilly. I think he was quite angiy abont it He told me that if T did not get any colour I ought to rouge. The young man looked at her keenly, bat he still smiled. Are yon going to V he asked. ' No.' she said eho-t-ly. He looked out of the window for a second or. two. Then he turned ana glanced round -the "room. It had been his mother's favourite room, this low- ceiled, high-wainscoted apartment, with Its . view from the windows of sweep of fawn and clumps of stately trees. ; His father had brought her to the house a bride, just as for generations "his "fore fathers had brought home here their brides. Now he. stood there an alien, He passed his hand overhiemoustoehe and stood for a secdnd pulling it after a fashion be had. . .7 Then he iurhd suddenly tp I1®! Daovers. : > « I will tell yon what I think ot'yon, he said cheerfully ; ' yon are ihe least carious woman I wer net - v,„, Am I't she asked, (anung A3(ttle in . ' her relief at his,; tonB. i> For there ad-heenrOTmeAT77in jra»ao|r; again, la " not define how, the expression recalled the one she had seen on hie face as he came forward that night to take Mrs. Seton back to the ball-room. ' Yes,' he said triumphantly ; « you are proving it Yon don't even ask why I think so. ' I will then now — to prove you wrong.' ' Ah ! .but you dou't care in the least for all that, do you ? Do you mean to say that yon never wondered in the least little bit what became of that card- case ?' She stared at him, then broke into a merry langh. . I know you found me out,' he said with melancholy remorse. 'If It is anv expiation I can tell yon that I have never ceased to be haunted by the recollection of Miss Owen's energy and kindness that hot afternoon.' ' If I remember, you gave yourself a great deal of trouble too. What did you do with it ? ' I burled it,' he said. 1 Will you come out and look at its grave ? I could take yon straight to the spot. So much does remorse for an evil deed impress it on the memoiy.' She looked oat at the garden, then np at him. ' I will go and visit its grave,' she said brightly. They stepped out of the French window and went down lanvhinv and talking together to the copse. The birds were singing in the branches, snnshine and shadow chased each other like fairy feet across turf and moss. Daffodils made ail the world look yellow. They reached the spot where he had hidden the card-case. 'Do you see how the flowers have sprang oat nf its grave ?' h9 eaid tragically, pointing to a great cluster of daffodils. A Basil plant,' she said laughing. ' No. A beautiful possibility changed at its death into flowers,' he thought. But all that he said aloud was : ' Unfortunately for the eeutimeot of the thing, there were some flowers here before. I used them as its tombstoue.' He began to dig with a piece of stick, while she stood by, wrapped up in her mantle, watching him. But alas for the card case ! After a careful search, all that could be found were a few mouldy ehreds, which required a great deal of imagination to convert into the dainty thing lie had buried. He stopd ruefully inspecting them as they dangled on the end of the stick. ' Would you please tell me what you did such a very foolish thing for ' she asked, gingerly touching the mouldy remains with her fiuger. ' It was foolish, was it not ? But I was a fool, and I suppose a fool is known by his ways, and you would hardly believe it, but these ruins make me think of ghosts. - She drew back quickly. The hasty movement made him look np. The next second the stick was tossed away and the remains forgotten. ' What is the matter with you, Lady Danvers V he asked iu eager distress. ' Tbere is something, 1 am sore. I saw it the moment I arrived. You are ill !' ' I am not ill,' she eaid almost harshly. ' What is it, then ?' A sadden remem brance of the character of the man ehe had married made him turn white to the lips. ' If I thought you were unhappy,' he said iu savage passion, forgetting his eelf- cootrol in the sight of the terrible delicacy of the beautiful face, for whose happiness he would have died, ' I wonld ' What would he do ? His anger died away in a muttered exclamation as he acknowledged its impotence even to himself. No — you can do nothing. I have eaten the pomegranate seeds and there is no change for me for evermore. ' Do you remember warning me that night ? It was too late — everything came too late — even that paragraph in the paper. Oh ! I know. It was yon who had put it ia for my sake. I found that out afterwards. Ob, why were you so good to me, when I was so . weak and so wicked ?' The strain of the last two days told on her overstrung nerves conld bear. She did not even know what her words were betraying. They stood looking at each other over the bed of narcissus-flowers. Perhaps she read in his eyes what she had betrayed, for she buried her face in her hands with a bitter crying. H looked at her as a man looks on the face of the 'dead. And there was that in his eyes which can only be .there odcs in a man's lifetime lest heart should break out- right. There is one thing I would like to say,' he said at last, in a hoarse, strained voice. It is not " much ; but . it is due to yon — and myself. I did not know this — or I would haye died rather than have cpme to Oaklands. I '-thought if there were pain— it5 wonld be only for me. I did have that paragraph put in the paper, and I came to pee - that it naa made your ' life faappiec. Now there is nothing ! can do to mend the mistake t Yes,' she said, looking np -with eyeB so fall of tears and shame that he could ; not meet them j 'you csu do one thing. Yon can go sway and never see my face ; Audso -Cecil Linton - tamed away and left her. standing, alone among the nardssusKgwere. ' But hie conld never .think of her- -again as Persephona To him she was the Lady of Dis for over- more. ' - 