PRESENTATION OF COLOURS TO THE SALVATION ARMY. On Thursday evening last, the Ipswich branch of the Salvation Army were presented with their coloura, in tne School of Arts, by "Commissioner" Howard, of Melbourne. The hall was literally pocked with people, and- there was not enough aitting-room, eany having to stand. The stage was also crowded with officers and soldiers. "Commissioner" Howard proeided. After singing a couple of hymns, offering prayer, and reading a chapter from the Bible, the Cs A?lsaN spoke at considerable length on Salvation Army work. At firat, he said, it had worked on ordinary lines; but, a few years ago, they had changed their manner of work and their name. It was not necessary for him to tell them how the army came into existence, but he would simply say that it now occupied such a position on the world that it could he judged by its results. There was a time when good men and women were afraid to link their nsames with it, not knowing whether it was a good q or a bad thing; :but eventually they decided to venture, and now the organisation could no longer be' regarded as an experiment, for it had been proved that God had blessed them, and tens of thousands were enabled to praise the Lord who would other wise have been living without hope. This success proved that no man or.woman was too low to be lifted up, and mnade useful members of society. The speaker gave, as an instance, the case of a woman in Newcastle who had fallen so low, by sin and drink, that,in thecourseof thirty-seven year.,ahe had beenbe. tween230and 240tineesiu gaol. Anofficerofthoarmy met her, and took her to one of their meetings. and now she was on the platform every night, speaking for Jesus. Mr. HOWARD also spoke of a young man who, through drink, grew tired of his life, sad re solvcd to put an end to it : but, while walking down the street, he encountered the Salvation Army band, and followed it to the hall, where he was eventus ally.brought to Jesus. A few years ago, th y could count the number of officers on their fingers and toes, but now they had their flag flying in eighteen different countries. Nine years ago they hadonlytwenty-six stations in England, with thirty-eix olfficers, but now they had not fewer than 1300 stations, with 3000 officers. For the last seven years there had not been seven days in which they had not made some definite head- way. In Australia they had 100 stations and 340 officers, as the result of four years' labour. The speakerlikewise referred to the work of rescuing fallen women. "Ssff-Officer" HBNY nextaddreased the mneeting. and said that the Salvation Army had been called the moral scavengers of the cities, who went about the streets, picked up the social refuse. and then turned them into good Christians and good citizens. The criminal class looked upon the Salva. tion Army as their best friends, and, when they saw a man with an "army" shirt on they thought that he had a good heart underneath it. Some persons had fallen so low that some people thouglht they were best let alone, but the army had now three homes for the fallen in Melbourne and one in Geelong; while soes of the oflicers went down to the prison-gate, and everyone that came out had a friendly hand held out to them. In conclusion, he appealed to them to help the Salvation Army to rescue these fallen womenv by subscribing liberally at the collection. "Adjutant" and Mra. WVoIlHT albo spoke on the abandondod woman question, the former stating that they had enow coemmenced this work in Queensland, and intended to carry rescue work on in every town in the colony. ?'Commein. sinner" Rowanrr again addressed the meeting, and entreated his hearers to help tlhe army in this work, and to consecrate themselves to God. T'lhy (the audience) did not know what good might result fromn even one act of consecration. As an Illustra tioe, lie told them of i judge in Indlia, who, coming to England, and hearing the Salvation Army, con secrated himself to God, went back to India, and gave up his position as judge. lie was made a "colonel" in the army, and now the whole of Iudia rang with his name, owing to the service he had been doing among the natives and others. Hl{sthe speaket) then presented the colours to "Captain" litead and " Cadet" Wallace, as the representatives of the Ipp?ich corps, and exholted both the offipers and soldiers always to fight under that flag, and never do anything which would bring discredit or dishonour on it. "Captain" HEAD and " Cadet" WALLACs replied, adltf'owed their intention of always flg ltft u'inder the colours, and of doingtheir duty. The flag is red and blue, with a large yellow star in the centre, the red representing the blood of Clhrist,4te. blue signifyinHg purity, and the yellow the purifiegM-frei of thm Holy Ghost. It was then announced that "Captain" Neat and wife were to take part in a meeting next Thursday night. The meeting, which was an ordeply one throughout,..was closed by the singing of a hymn and the offering of prayer. 