i-rniis oi mvos. The .Salkbuby JMikistby. — The Marquis of Salisbury has succeeded in form ing a Ministry, the members of which are as follow : — Premier, The Marquis of Salis- oury ; Xiom imanceuor, Jjoiu naisDury, formerly Sir Hardinge Giffard Q.C. : Presi dent of the Council, .Lord Ccaabrook ; Lord Privy ¥gftal . Karl Gadogan, without -a -seat in Cabinet ; Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord HteTwiftiphrartTTtyhni « Home Secretary, Mi'. Henry Mathews Q.C. : Colonial Secretary, The Hon. Edward Stanhope : Foreign Secretary, Lord Iddesleigli : Secretary for War, Mr. W. H. Smith ; Secretary forJfndia, Sir Bichard Cross: Secretary for Scotbmd, The Bight Hon. A. J. Balfour; First Lord of the Admiralty, Lord George Hamilton ; Viceroy of Tnrfflnilj Lord Londonderry ; Chancellor of Ireland, Lord Ashbourne ; Secretary for Ireland, Sir Michael WickR Beach ; Post -Master General, The High Hon. Sir Cecil H&ikes; ; President of the Board of Trade, Sir Frederick Stanley: Chancellor of the -Duchy of Lancaster, Lord John Manners. O'Bonoyatc Boss a. Again. — A tele gram from New York, bearing Sunday's states riia.fr rii«> miscreant 0!Donovau Kassa has pubiicly annoimced that the Irish American Dynamiters are preparing to re commence the dynamite outrages in. Eng land. Fabllamestlby. — -The Legislative Assembly will meet-to-day, when the debate upon tee Premier's financial statement will be resumei It is hoped by teeGovermnent that, the debate will be brought to a close on Wednesday .night, and if no tee Irrigation Bill will occupy tee attention of tee Honse on Thursday evening. Die Legmlatire Council will not meet until tee 10th hot. Good News tok RivtEireji. — The Minister of Defence has been informad by the Agent-General teat 575,000 hfajteii- Henryrifie cartridges were despatched from ItnjJninl by a vessel which left on tee 10th ; ultimo. Hamh-ton Goubsikg . Club.— To morrow tee Bnwriet meeting, under tee anepices of tee -above Club, takes place on tee .wii - .estates, where hares are known to be plentiful. The ren dezvous will be tee Wariaynre Slate school, atO-OOmm. Mr. W- Thomson, of Kerre- polnt, trill act as judge, and Mr. E. C. Cress- well as slipper. Die late nans will have pat tee gronnd to-excellent condition, and a fine day is only nerawmiy to make teis one of tee most enjoyable and successful meetings yet held by tee dob. bull particulars of tee draw will be "found In another column. ' FT nnr.TnK PabtoBal and AgEICUL-' tubal fiomETV.—We have been informed by ."the "Secretary -teat about' 100 Jof -tee Society's debentures still remain unapplied for, and as it is desirabtetoey should, all be allotted by tee date of tee next Committee meeting, members and friends of tee areolars which have been issued, and bo absorb the balance by tee 17tli .of ibis month. There shonld be no difficulty ex- perieneed, as ii tee members who have not yeteentmteeirmames only took one each, the amnber-ipimnmngwanld foe -exhausted. We would suggest test tee Secretary should take every uppuimmty of making a personal canvass, as wenote many names of leading residents sad piuueity -owners -abmnt from tee list, who, we feel assured, only need a reminder to wHlmgly assist. With regard toteeuMarriiaiiwiuBaieeliiiii which. Aas.-dhis .yearfaBeawddriloteepaae-f«rinvliilp, -tee RremaaR derives toriave nribllC'stbenlion diawn to it Rnses wfil lie given to any deseryins -exhibit of anydescription, miact, nnyariaaeteafcls not already providedtfor, frmnnxieedle town anteor is eligible ;'and as tee seotuamay.be said to bejon its trial, it is hopodteat tee ladies of teesdisfcnci will - toketeemattertin ihand,Jand«Brihat tee clessesfor fancy wnrkt'-fibfinieewing, knit-, ting, iBKthnr wmk, siiil snuilarimes are fully represented. Every care wRl he taken of eteHfitatahd itis beiieTed teat teis will, in ggggftenepbrnimeTmeofteBmotitpmndar toateres of iteeRhow. . jtoeeeshno -to' fffeheea We WaBres-nnd SbntedmgBodiaraJbBocraiaon IkMra jbum JPAP over gQ Mss- jn bef. >1 Pall of Ftsb. — Our Harrow cor respondent relates a strange phenomenon which occurred at a Mr. MDougaUs8fara®D the Harrow and Coieraine Toad dndnga heavy downpour of rain on ThnrsJsy week. Thia urai; -nnfrhing dse th&D; a 'foil cf fish, some of which were upwards of "two inches in length. Our correspondent does not cay whether they were alive or not. Post-Office Troubles. — We regret to iwBi-n riiafr owing to neglect of duty it has been found necessary to suspend one of the letter-carriers employed in the Hamilton Post-office. As the case is still under the consideration of the Department, we refrain from giving the full particulars, which will no donbt become public property in the course of a few days. In Daw ot Yoke -there were few ; more skilful cricketers than tire Her. George ; Tait, now .of WarrnambooL and as a foofc- I bailer he was at one time almost unequalled. I Weai'e reminded of this on looking over some I old cricket scores. On the 19th Jannary, 1861, St then one of the most power- ful of the metropolitan clubs, Bent a strong ream -down to -Geelong to play the Corio Club, of which Mr. Tait was a member, and his bowling analysis Tead as under : — 1 wide, 60 balls, four runs, seven maidens, four wickets, lu batting he made second highest score, a present resident of Hamil ton at the top in. this branch of the match. On another occasion, on Becember ,22nd. I860, Mr. Tait still -more greatly dis tinprnisfipd himself. Bowling against Corio for East Melbourne, his analysis read : — 105 itotln £ runs, 12 7 wickets. The only stand made '-against him being by the HamiHimiiu aforesaid, who had also the pleasure of bowling the future reverend for a "duck." Wild Boss. — OnrMscarthirr corres pondent in another polnmn again refers to the heavy losses sustained by eheepownors in that district. It appears til at inapite of .the gTnfnunng efforts by the Shire Gmnnil «md frha lanJIinliiftra intil£ TlOSlty, the dingoes are apparently on the increase. The country about Hi Eccles is particularly suitable for frhpir propagation, from its inac cessible .nature, being principally stony jiirriprs co\rered with ferns and scrub, provi ding >Bplendid.oover, as a search pty might pass within a few feet of one of -the . Brutes without perceiving him- The amount of damage that one such animal might inflict is illustrated by the fact that in .the Murtoa districtTecentiy, one was shot which it was estimated had inflicted damage to the wMglilmnnng sheepowners to the extent of -£200. Kangaroo, both brash and foresters have been experiencing a lively tune of it during the past few months in the neighbour hood of Crawford and Hotspur, as a party 4innBTGnnir nf cotton ntt.MTfrhfr firafr 4>1ftK8 fihotfi have been systematically patrolling the waste 1 for the was almost iinpoiewlflHBrop or save a grass paddock for the winferWving to the incursions of these pests, which rank next to rabbits as a formers7 and grazier's curse; but thankstotheopecations of thecompany above referred to, there is every probability, of a thorough clearance beingeffected unless their numbers are recruited from the coast. This Pig Breeding Industry. — Some few months ago some pure Berkshire pigs were selected by a member of our staff for Air. Donald Leiteh, the euterpiisinj Tfifmar- ger of the Gunbower station, near Echnca, and duly forwarded by raiL Mr. Leiteh, who has only recently directed his attention to this feature of .form writes to say that his herd now comprises upwards of three .hundred head, purchased iromall directions, but that those obtained . from Hamilton, which were bred by Messrs. W. and D. Skene, are decidedly the best of the lot, and he is natiually very mnpi) pleased with them. Mr. Ladbuiy, our well-known st&tionmaster;, a iriepd of the above-named gentleman, also informs os that on the low- iying lands adjoining the Campaspe, as for down as Rochester, thistles were so abun dant that the land was entirely overrun with them, eradication by labor being out of the question. The holders, after all other means had failed, turned pigs upon the land, which proved thoroughly effica cious, as wherever they have been turned the pigs have completely destroyed -them, roots and all, leaving the ground daan and free from the presence of all notions weeds which were previously so troublesome, and our . informant suggests frlmt frhig ex ample might be f Slowed with good re sults in other places similarly affected. Spobukg Intelligence. — Our local trainer, Mr. Thomas Ferguson, gained another "victory on Saturday, when Waira- rapa, the double winner at Mount Gambier, came in first for the Wyndham Handicap, of 100 so vs., with a cup valued at 25 so vs.. pre sented by Mr. Straker, added. For this evant Pocahontas was made a great favourite at 3 to 1, 7 to 2 being offered against The Ghost; fi tol against Honey Bee, Middle- marsh, and Preston; andS and 10 to 1 against Wairarapa, whose chanee, sq>- parentiy, was not more thonght of than that f Ocean for the Grand National Hurdle Bane. The distance was one mile, and the time lmin. 4fisecs. Wairarapa ; '7s7t TnrlAn by young Falhm, beating Preston, 7st 121b. by a neck, Ttiricing Master third, tiiree-qnarters of a neck behind Preston. The other events at the meeting and results were— Handicap Hurdle B&ce;, 40 sovs ; Townley, 1 ; Whale bone, 2. .Won l>y a head ; ten starters. Handicap Steeplechase, 60 sovs; 3nd- stickor, 1; Spangle, 2. Won by three lengtiis ; six starters. Selling 50 sora ; And, 1 ; Tabby, 2. Ariel was never headed, and won by two lengths. Werribec Park Handicap, of 100 sovs. the gift of Mr. A. Ghirnside ; six furlongs ; Bich worth. 1 Mabel Gray, 2 : Middlemarch, 3. Won by a length ;flmeJ lmin 16|sec ; eight starters. Altogtiher the 'Wyndham meeting was a good success. Football.— On Saturday last the Hamilton Union sent a team to Coieraine, bnt owing to prertans engagements several oltemr best players irere nimble to accom pany them. Hie Coieraine club was ma terially strengthened by tee addition of Messrs, Paris and Eamett of fWiwiim Mr. K. Gaffnej". late of Hamilton, bnt now of Warxnambool, end to tee capilai play of these three outriders, so to speak, tee Coie raine rinb may attribute its victory, as otherwise tee two teams "would have been evenly matched, and tee result in every probability a draw. Ihe players who par ticularly distinguished themselves for Coie raine, other than the above-mentioned, were Roberts, Silvester, DaUman, ..J Basil, while for tee Dnion Messrs. Williams, Parker fblliu-d Rlnarv., and .-Miller worked hard against heavy odds to avert defeat. Tfoe game resulted in ten goals and seven behindsfor.Goleraiiie,BgaiiiEtcHiegoalsiidfive behinds Hamilton Union. The visitors were most hospitably .entertained, and toe after- nnon's sport was of tee most enjoyable character. There is every probability of the Crieraine Club viEating fiamiltoa nertSatnr- day, but furthernotice will be given when the trip is definitely decided upon. .Amateh was Pyed on Saturday afternoon between tee State School and Rxcelsior Cbibs white re sulted in a draw in favour of tee former by lgoal and 6 behinds .against 1 goal and 3 ibteinds for tes latter. The following are tee xiames of teose who were mostmiraicaons inihrirplay for the State School r— Hard- aere,M'KinnmiJ HosieandSloane. Sir Heset IiODH WBBhntertained by tee South Australian Government at a lun cheon in the ifflaqnetmg room of tee Town- JlrilnnRstnrday- Mr Anm»r|tu. General, was chairman, and hbont 80 mem bers nf P.rlmi.CTi1. and iprommeBt were -present. The toaat of " Sir William Robinson" wnarpmposed by Mr. Downer, and replied to by His Rxcellency. Mr. Downer proposed tee -toast of " SirDenry JAte,"who,toxepJying,.teaiikedihfiSoiite AnstcslianE for tee hogntaliiy they had ex- tondedtowardHhim-andlAdy Looh. He- naad teat the way in -which Minbtor. had witerfaunril him indirated the Vibdly VrCTlimCT ; W ;fte Victoria. He remarked -that no pereraaaer jriaring Sonte Australia rendd AmbtteBtotore y lotpenly of the colony. ficBMsoE. — We mbaerye teat Alrv-aHwialnn Aintk xftKrimip c mdiiroomitsiftomraBnce teSfewtemte W«lfa, hasTrtnrired -to Yictona,amd com- msnceiteepractioeof Ausipntesriimas the didyrantem drntricts. arreambool. Attbratiok DFJTDIS -SF BADK. — J Mr. JS- sBtretteriesires iis to riatt isttoniimi i tiieriitingof jH.CTjBnrHmH j Taria Board on to tee n«i, I Goubt of Pjhtt s-a8 i gjf, jsdre j cation, va, Win- D?u,® rv.ao. woods' Ross, of Mribonnie, <ten SarST, j soldand delivered- eg wvjsts. W- 0unnon v. J. anaim \ forXl lie, goods soM. «nd delivered. -Order for amount with 5b costs. j Appiicatios for Leases Approved- | John Healey, - Geerak," l"la 3f «8P ' Chas. MtJombe, : Nsngeda, 120a ; -Joto MWean, Brim Brim, 126a 2r 1/p ; Emest A. Thomas, Dergholme, loa 3r 4p. AH?| calion "for iicenBe -wpproved-pJohn Try, 10a. -Boroogs fkieokon. — To -remove - some little rniimndgintaiiding teat appears to have arisen with reference to the buB ffl riiat rrnfifclCTmiiTi'K candidatora for one of the seats at tee Borough Council table, Mr. Henry has forwarded ns tee requisition re ceived by him, which will be -found in .mother Jnmr Mr. Henry derires it to be understood teat he intends grang to tee poll, and, from appearances, he should stand an excellent show. 