AT TREVENNA COTTAGE A. 8T0ET IN EIGHT CHAPTEBS. — CHAP VII. (CONCLUDED. 1 Mr. Muncaster went to bed that night in high good-humour with himself, and yet he was puzzled — so much puzzled in fact, that he was able to obtain but little sleep. Judging from what Dr. Mayfieid had told him of Mrs. Preedy, and from what he had seen of her, he could scarcely bring himself to believe that she was a woman who would knowingly allow herself to become an instrument in the perpetration of a fraud of any kind. If his knowledge of hnman nature was not at fault, then was Mrs. Preedy just the opposite of a person of thBt stamp; yet, on the face of the affair as it now stood, the evidence seemed dead against her. Of her brother, he of coarse knew no more than Dr. MayGeld had told him ; but it seemed scarcely open to doubt that in taking another man's name and personality on himself, he must have known qaite well what he was abont. Eat then came the question — by what motives were Mrs. Preedy and Matthew Sadgrove influenced in conniving at the personation of another man fay the latter ? Sadgrove himself was dead ; in what way, then, was it possible for him to benefit by the fraud. It was a question over which Mr. Mun- caster puzzled himself in vain. With regard to Captain Avory's motives in the affair, it was not needful to ask what they were. At breakfast next morning, Mr. Mun- caster conld not help noticing that Maggie had recently been in tears. In answer to his questions, she told him in a harried whisper that Mrs. Preedy had discovered that the portrait of her brother had been abstracted from the album, and that she had said it was im- puBoium uuav auy uue out juaggie couia have taken it. Mr. Muncoster mused for a moment or two, then he said : ' Set your mind at rest, Maggie. It was I who took the portrait.' ' Yon, sir ? Oh P exclaimed the aston ished girl.' ' I had certain reasons for borrowing it for a couple of days ; but you may tell Mra Preedy that I am quite prepared to return it, if Bhe will favour me with a few minutes conversation as soon as breakfast is over. Half an our later, Mra Preedy walked into the room, her black- mittened arms folded across her chest, looking sb grim and uncompromising as ever. 'Pray be seated, Mrs. Preedy ; I hope that I shall not have occasion to detain you very long,' said Mr. Muncaster, indicating a chair opposite bis own on the other side of the little table. She favoured him with a slight in clination of the head and sat down. ' In the first plaoe, allow me to return the photograph of yonr brother,' went on Mr. Muncaster, 'at the same time to crave your pardon for the liberty I took in removing it from your album.' ' It was indeed a very great liberty on yonr part, air,' she answered iu a dry, harsh voice; 'more especially con sidering you are a total stranger to ma' Mr. Muncaster smiled. ' I trust, Mrs. Preedy, that we shall not be total strangers to each other after to-day.' 'I do not understand you, sir.' ' You will by-and-by, I have no doubt It is now dne to yon to give vnu mv reasons for snrrentitionslv ab- stracting the portrait of a man whom I never saw in my life.' ' It was an act, sir, which notiiing can excuse. It was certainly not the act of a gentleman.' Mr. Muncaster let this remark pass. Leaning forward a little with his arms on the table, and fixing his eyes steadily on Mrs. Preedy, he said im pressively ; ' I took the likeness from your album, madam, because I wanted to obtain a little information respecting the late Mr. Matthew Sadgrove, other wise known as Mr. Edward Saverne.' If a bomb had exploded at Mra Preedy's feet, she contd scarcely have been more startled. Her face turned a ghastly yellow ; she half rose from her chair, and then sat down again ; she gasped for breath, and the words she tried to speak died away in an inarti culate mnrmnr. ' Take yonr time, ma am, tame your time,' said Mr. Muncaster encouragingly. ' It will he necessary that I should pat certain questions to yon, hut .they will be few and simple, and all that I ask from yon is a straightforward answer to each of them.' Evidently Mrs. Preedy was a woman of considerable nerve. In a very short time she had recovered her composure, and was to all appearance as cool and collected as usuaL My brother is dead,' she said at length with a little qnaver in her voice, ; ' and I am not in the habit of talking about family affairs to strangers.' 'Qaite right, Mra. Preedy; a very laudable precaution on your part, all things considered. But there are ex ceptions to every rule, and this is one of them.' « What is It you want to know 1' she asked after a ehort silence, looking very pnrd at Mr. Muncaster. ' I want to know the reasons which ' induced yonr brother, whose real name was Matthew Sadgrove, who was a schoolmaster by profession, and who has a daughter at the present time living in France, to accompany a certain Captain Avory and his wife to Boscombe Regis, and there live, die, and be hnried under tile name of Edward Saverne — a sup posed fopl"n of Captain Avory, who was said to have recently returned from Australia. That is what I want to know, Mrs. Preedy.' Again she changed colour, but she kept on staring stonily into Mr. Mun- caster's eyes, almost as though he had mesmerised her. After a little while die said : ' I know of no right by which you come here and put such questions to ma In any case, I decline to answer them. The matter to which you refer can by no possibility concern you : me it does concern. It is my business, and , such I intend it to remain.' Mr. Muncifiter noticed 'hat she did not attempt any denial of the facts he had put before her, as many people in her place would undoubtedly have done. This seemed to him a hopeful sign. ' If that be your determination, Mrs. Preedy,' he said, ' I am sorry to say that 1 can only look opon you. as being equally gnilty with Captain Avory as regards the vile fraud which you and he in conjunction woqld seem to have ' ' Fraud 1 fraud !' burst out Mrs. Preedy excitedly. 'What is the man raving about ? I have had nothing to do with any fraud.' There was that in her tone and manner which went far towards con vincing Mr. Muncaster that she was telling the troth ; so, in order to simplify matters, he now proceeded to enlighteD her as to his name, occupation, and the object of his visit to Stonelands, but withont telling her the source from which he had derived his information respecting her brother. Never in bis life had he see any one more genuinely astonished than was Mrs. Preedy. She was now as ready to volunteer infor mation as she had been reticent before. What she had to tell, when she had in some measure recovered her composure, was to the following purport. When Matthew Sadgrove's school laueu, ana nis nesita arose aowu, toe prospect before him and his sister was of the gloomiest kind. Mrs. Preedy had an annuity of thirty pounds a year, and the cottage in which she lived was her own ; but beyond that she had nothing except what she might make by means of a few lodgers during the summer months ; while her brother was abso lutely penniless. From the beginning of bis illness, Sadgr->ve apparently felt sure that he would never recover, and it was this conviction on his part which would seem in a great measure to account for what followed. Another point which preyed on bis mind, and was not without its influence on after- events, was the consciousness that in a little while his daughter would be left not only fatherless, bat penniless. His wife's friends had taken charge of her . for a time, but it was quite understood the arrangement was merely a temporary one. It was at Cleethorpes, a quiet little watering-place on the Liucolnsbire coast, that Sadgrove, who was there for the benefit of his health, made the acquaint ance of Captain Avory and his wife. As to how the introduction came about, Mrs. Preedy did not seem quite clear. They may have been lodging in the same house, or they may have met casually on the sands, and have struck up an acquaintanceship, as people often do in snch quiet places. Be that as it may. Captain Avory had not been many times in the ex-schoolmaster's company before he began to sketch the outline of a certain scheme by means of which, according to him, they both might lareelv benefit. It would appear that Sadgrove, in one of his despondent moods had told the captain that he was a doomed man, and the latter on his part must have had some inkling of the necessitous circumstances of the invalid. The proposition elaborated by him little by little, so as to gradually familiarize his hearer's mind with its peculiar features, was to the following effect : — Sadgrove was at once to leave the bleak Lincolnshire coast, and go and reside with Captaiu Avory at a certain shel tered nook on the south-west coast — a change which would have the undoubted effect of prolonging the sick man's life. There he was to have every care and attention which his case might require, free of cost to himself Farther, within three months of Sadgrove's death, when ever that event should take place, the captain wonld bind himself to pay over to Mrs. Preedy the sum of fire hundred pounas lor one soie use ana Deueuc ox Sadgrove's little daughter. In return for this; all that the sick man was required to do was to change his name and identity — to be no longer Matthew Sadgrove, the ex-schoolmaster of Stone- lands, but to be henceforward known to the world as Edward Saverne, a cousin of Captain Avory lately returned from Australia. Of course, not the slightest hint was dropped with regard to the policy of insurance. The captain's ex planation of his reasons for suggesting that Sadgrove should personate another man, although speciouB, was flimsy in the extreme ; it seems, however, to have sufficed to satisfy the simple, unpracti- cal 'minds of the schoolmaster and bis sister, and no suspicion of any wrong doing on the captain's part appears to have found its way into their thoughts. What he told them was, that his cousin, Edward -Saverne, had been lost several years before in the Australian bush, where he bad doubtless either been starved to death, or murdered by the natives ; but that; in -consequence of no ! legal proof -of his death being procnrable, certain property of considerable value, at the present time in Chancery, could not be touched or rendered available for the benefit of the surviving members of the &mily.; In short, the captain stated his fcabe bo plausibly that Sadgrove was in the end won over to play his part in the plot. We have seen how very nearly the andacions captain's fraudulent scheme was to proving successful. Such was the story told by Mrs. Preedy to Mr. Muncaster. It enlightened the latter with regard to several points which had hitherto puzzled him. That there could be found people so simple, so lacking in knowledge of the wayB of the world, as to allow themselveB to be imposed upon by a lie so specious, but at the same time so transparent, as that told by Captain Avory, seemed to his practical mind most amazing. Yet here was the fact before him. As regarded Mrs. Preedy, it was impossible to doobt her bona fides in the matter ; and if he did not feel qnite so satisfied that ber brother had been equally guiltless, yet, the man being now dead, it was only charitable to give him the benefit of the doubt. And yon say, sir, that it was nothing bat a fraud from beginning to end V re marked Mrs. Preedy, when she had brought the narrative to a close. ' It was that, and nothing else.' 1 Who could believe there was so much wickedness in the world ! Who wonld have thought that smiling, smooth spoken Captain Avory — though I never quite liked him in my own mind —would have turned oat to be Bach a villain ?' Then, after a brief pause, she said : ' And so my poor Florrie won't get her five hundred pounds, after all.' ' There is not much likelihood of that, Mrs. Preedy,' answered Mr. Muncaster with a smile, as he shut up and put away his note-book. ' Well, well, the poor lassie must jast come and share my bit and aup. Provi dence won't let us starve.' 'Yon surely don't think, my dear madam, that even if Captain Avory had succeeded iu getting the five thousand puuuus, you wuuia ever nave seen one penny of the five hundred he promised you ?' ' Why not, air — why not I have his promise in writing np stairs.' ' Which is not worth so much as the paper it is written on. You may rely upon it that from the first Captain Avory never intended to pay the five hundred ponnds, nor a fraction of it. He would have boen out of England in less than twelve hours after receiving his cheque from the Insurance Company, and yon wonld never have seen or heard from him more.' CHAP. VIL When Captain Avory set out from Hoogies on his way back to Treveuoa- Cottage, Bosy Groote led his horse by the head as far as the high-road, then, after a few last words, the two men bade each other good-night ; and while the captain drove on his way, Bosy sauatered back to the house. There was a heap of wood in one corner of the kitchen ; taking an armful of it, Bosy proceeded to light a fire, which, if it did not throw out mnch heat, served by its blazs to make the place seem a shade less cheer less. The two candles in their empty bottles were still alight on the mantle- piece. The captain had given Bosy a cake of tobacco, which be now proceeded to cat up for smoking ; then he lighted his pipe, and sat down on his three- legged stool by the chimney corner. Time passed while Bosy smoked pipe after pipe, crooning to himself some half- inarticulate ditty between whiles. More than odcb he pat fresh wood on the fire, more than once he opened the door and stood for a moment or two staring into the darkness outside. By-and-by he fell into a fitfnl sleep, with his back resting against the chimney-piece. When he awoke, the candles were splattering themselves oat, and the patch of sky visible thron-sh the nuboarded space of the window was growing gray in the dawn. Bosy stood np, yawned, and stretched himself. The fire had burnt it self oat, and he felt chilled to the marrow. He stood listening intently for a minute or two, bat no soand reached him from below. It was evident that the strange gentleman stiil slept. Most people in Bosy's place would have puzzled their brains with trying to guess what Captain Avory's motive conld possibly be for acting as he had done ; but Bosy never troubled himself about anything so abstruse as any one's motives ; all that he cared about was the results which might accrue therefrom in so iar as sney anecieu mmseu. As he stood there staring vaguely about him, and feeling more lonely in the dawn than he had felt in the dark, a longing came over him to seek the com panionship of his fiddle. It was trne he had promised Captain Avory that he wonld wait in silence till the steeping man shonld awake, and that he wonld then steal away withont letting him become aware that any living being was near him. But the man was not yet awake, otherwise Bosy would have heard him stirring. He might not awake for hours. Meanwhile, there was his old friend staring him in the face — it was light enough now for him to discern the fiddle where it was bong trom a nail in the corner— and seeming to ask, ' Master, what have I done ¥ and they had always so much to say to each other, those two 1 There was only one voice between them — that of the instrument — a voice evoked by Bosy's fingers ; bat sometimes it was Bosy who talked to the fiddle and sometimes it was the fiddle, which talked to Bosy. They understood each other so welL Bosy conld -resist no longer. He took down the fiddle, touched it fondly with his tips, wiped it carefully with a silk handkerchief which he kept for the pur pose, and then, after a little preliminary ' screwing up of the strings, he sat on his Stool near the black fireplace, crossed one withered leg over the other, and began to play ; but the. score of what he played would have been fonod written nowhere save in hie own fantastically constituted brain. Sometimes wild, and eerie, sometimes plaintive and almost sobbing, as it were, the notes fobs and fell, and floated out on the soft gray of the Octo ber morning. His was the touch of untutored genins, which, under other circumstances, might perchance have given the world something it would not willingly have let die. Bosy, sitting with shnt eyes, had be come bo absorbed with hiB music as to have forgotten time and place, bis pro mise to Captain Avory, and even the existence of the man in the dungeon, when he was suddenly startled back into reality by hearing a voice, which seemed to come from a great distance, calling ' Help 1 help !' Bosy started to his feet with wildly, staring eyes. For a moment it seemed to him as if he had heard a voice crying from the tomb ; then everything came back to him in a flash. ' Help 1 help 1' again called the voice. ' It's only the gentleman a- waking up,' I eaid Bosy. ' it gave me a tarn at first, tbongh. How surprised and nonplussed j he must have been when he opened his eyes and stared round him. I hope, ' though, he didn't bear me playing because I'm supposed to be miles away ; from here at the present time ; but it can't be helped, if he did.' ' Again came another half-smothered ' cry for help. Busy sniggered ' Ho, j ho 1 my noble prince, you'll have to cry j oat a long time before anybody hears 1 you at Hoogies 1 You must make your self as jolly as yon can till midnight to morrow, when I'll come and let yon out. And maybe you've got some money about yon, and maybe you won't forget to re- wntu puor innocent nosy ior Helping you to see daylight again 1 Ho, ho !' He had risen, and was patting his fiddle into its green-baize covering, by this time. Then, after a last glance round, he crossed the floor lightly and opened the door. ' I'll take the sheep- track through Perry Wood,' he said. There won't be a anal abont at this hour of the morning. By ten o'clock T shall be fifteen miles away.' He shut the door, turned np the collar of his coat, and with hiB fid lie tinder his arm, he set out, a last faint cry for help sounding in his ears as he left the house. Wheu Edward Saverne awoke from bis long sleep and stared around, he felt that he must still be dreaming. Vague, confused visions and fantasies, some of them pleasant, and some of them the reverse, had been floating through his brain for some time before he awoke, and he felt that what he saw now was only one more vision added to the number — only, abont this one there was an air of reality which had been lacking in all that had gone before. Then was a strange pain and heaviness across his forehead, and yet the back of his head felt j o at as strangely light and wanting in balance. Again he stared about him, taking in his snrronndings item by item, as far as he could make them out by the dim light of the caudle, which was now burning to its end. Was be really awake, or was he still asleep % He pinched himself in the soft part of his arm, and then gave a sharp tug at one of bis ears. The pain io both instances was enongh to convince him that he was no longer dreaming. Then he sat np on his pallet, put his hands to his head, and tried to think, perceiving, as he did so, that he was still dressed in the tweed snit in which he had travelled down from London. But how long ago was it since he came down from London! Was it days, or weeks, or even months ago ? As well as his aching head wonld allow him, he set himself quietly to recall all that happened from the time he left the train np to the moment when consciousness deserted him. First there was the meeting with his conBin Lucius at Mumptou Junction, and their drive through the dark to Tre- veona Cottage. Next came his reception by his coasin's wife, who had welcomed him more warmly than he had thought ehe would have done. After that cams sapper in the cosy dioing-room, followed by a cigar and a glass of that delicious mailed port which Louisa knew so well how to concoct. But beyond that point, UIb luuuguus niusou «» uavcu u« rc membered well how he nearly fell asleep in his easy-chair in front of the cheery fire, while Louisa was playiog softly in the adjoining room, and Lucius, who seemed to have become talkative all at once, was recounting some bird-nesting adventure of their youthfal days : all this he remembered, and then followed an utter blank. Did be really fall asleep in that seductive easy-chair I and if so, had he slept till cow f If that were the 1 case, what place was this in which he had come back to consciousness ; and why, and by what- means, had he been brought here 1 Very few moments sufficed for these tuoaguts to traverse uts oraiu ; out tUe questions he asked himself he was utterly powerless to answer. He was still staring round him like a dazed man, when suddenly the sound of music fell on hiB ears. . As he listened, his first thought was that Mrs. Avory must still be playiog, and that perhaps he had not been asleep for more than a few minutes ; bat next moment he recognised that the notes to which he was listening were not those of a piano, but those of a violin. The music seemed to come from somewhere over head, although that was a point respect ing which he could not feel positive, but iu any case, it was -evidently no great 'distance away. The dizziness and strange feelitjg in his head bad passed away, in some measure by this time, and he -now (felt as if he dare venture to tjn from his pallet without the fear of falling ; but he sat for a few moments on the, side ,of it before venturing to stand upright. Evi dently the first thing to be done .was to explore the straoge place in which he found himself, and try to discover some means of egresB. He rose and crossed to the empty cask; the top of which . had been made to serve the purpose of a table. On it a candle was burning in a flat tin candlestick, with more candles and a box of matches close by.' ' Near at hand were some provisions — a loaf of bread, a piece of cheese, some butter, together with a small jar of minced faeef and one or two other articles.' On a wooden stool stood two bottles, which looked as if they might contain ,wioe or spirits. Wondering more and more, he took up the candlestick and began his exploration. . The music was still going on, ao3 he now recognised that it came from abme- where overhead. Holding the' fight aloft, he made a survey of the ceiling. He found that it was «f wmid, and was supported on great beams and r titers, black with age and fetiooned with cob webs. He concluded that, io all proba bility. it firmed the fl mr of mother room over the one in which be was. he made an examination of the wall. In the dim light, it had seemed to him that they were of platter yellow washed, as the interiors »f many h"U»s are in con- try places ; bat h- n >w discovered th1 they were composed of a sort of soft yel low sandstone; in which he could easily have cut his name with his pbeket-koife. The floor, to all appearance, was of .the same material as the walls. Was it possible, Edward Saverne asked himself, that he was shot up in some under- ground piact, some vault or dungeon hewn out of the rock ? But, the meaos of egress 1 For a few minntes, in his surprise at other matters, he had forgotten that important point. There mast surely be a door, or a stair case, or an opening of some kind some where. Two minutes later he sat' down on the edge of- his pallet, feeling' dizzy I arid sick at heart Neither door, ntir | window, nor staircase, nnr opening of>ny kind was to be found. Again he asked himself, by whom and for what purpose had he been brought to thia place. ' He started to his feet. Wherever he might be, he was not quite deserted and alooe. The music told him that a human beiDg of some kind was near at hand— one, enrely, whose help he might claim. The thought sent a glow back to his heart. Hollowing both bis hands, and ' patting them to his mouth, he called loudly' for help, once, twice, and then stood with strained ears waiting for some response. Bat none came. Scarcely had the second cry left his lips when the music ceased — ceased as abruptly as it had begnfa, and was succeeded by profound silence. ' After the lapse of a miuute,fre ahbuted again ; but the silence remained' un broken, That his cry for help had:been heard was indicated by the sudden cehsa- tion of the masic. Why, then,1 had it not been responded tot Could it lie that he had been brought here -of set purpose and for some befarions "ends, such he could not even guess atf and that ' he was to be left here, helpless and alone, till it should please those who had thus imprisoned him to set him at liberty 1 But who were the unknown people who had treated him thus 1 Conld his cousin Lucius, and that blinking woman with the white eyelashes, his wife, have had any hand in it I And if so, to what pur pose J What conceivable object could they have in view in treating him 'thus? None, none, that he conld think oL' A wild chaos of questions surged through his brain, to not one of which conld' ha find a satisfactory answer. Again and again he lifted his voice for help, but with no other result than before. Once he thought he heard a slight noise overhead, as if some one were cau tiously crossing the floor; but as the sound was not repeated, it might- only have originated in bis own excited fancy. Although, of coarse, he did not know it, had the weather been at all storafyj- he would have beard the heavy dnl! beat of the waves on the shore; but the night was utterly windless, and the tide came lapping np the sands as gently as though lUj uuy wavoiuto wcia uud uatcoaiu uu- gets of a child. He had not bethought himself till now to look at his watch. Oa consulting it, be found that it had stopped at four o'clock. donbtleBS for want of winding np. How many hours had passed since that time, or whether it was how day or night, he was nnable to judge. After replacing hie watch, he drew ont his purse, and on opening it, he fonnd that the gold and silver there had been in it when he left Loudon were still there, but that three notes for ten pounds "bfich, which bad been in one of the'>%ide- pockets, were not to be found.'1 The robbery of his notes served only to deepen the mystery oy wnicn ne was environed ; otherwise, it affected him bat little ; his mind had for mora serious things to dwell upon. He thereafter made amors careftilx- amination of his priBon, ' searching minutely for the sighs of some -hidden door or secret opening ; hot to -he -pur pose. Evidently, his first judgment was a Correct one: he was immured a dungeon cut bodily out of the living rock. 11fiT The candles, the Bupply of provisions, the wine, the j »r of water in one corher, Ml seemed to indicate that the intention was to keep him 'a prisons 'for some time. Bat why end With 'whht'hhjjkbt I That was the question which again and J again reiterated itself in his brain. Bat all his self-questionings ended where they ! began — in b maze of atter bewilderment, j in the midst riot winch he vainly strove j to fiod the slightest cine. ;A-t intervals, he kept on calling for help,vbut only t-> be mocked bylbe silence, which seemed to weigh npon him with tenfold heavi ness the moment it had s wallowed np his "cry. As hour passed after honr, this death-like silence, in conjunction with the gloom -and solitude of. his prison,-and the feeling of being utterly cut off from and lost to the rest of the world, began to press npon him more and more, till at length he found himself wondering how mach longer it would be possible to en- dnre it without his brain giving way. He drank of the cold spring water in the jar eagerly and frequently, but beyood that he took neither bite nor sup, ' And bo lime's .pendulum swung slowly on. CHAP. TOLL COKCLTJSIOK. As Drevionslv stated, when Cantaiu Arory and BoBy Groote took their mid- i night drive from Trereona Cottage to j Hoogies, they neither met nor overtook I any. one by the way ; as a consequence of | which, they flattered themselves that a ; knowledge of their nocturnal expedition was confined to themselves and Mrs. Avory alone. Bat in this they were mistaken. On the night in question, a certain pensioner, Joel Ciitheroe, who had been a sergeant in thearmy, was on hie way home from Boscombeto Cawdray, the little hamlet situated a mile or more beyond Hoogies. Joel bad made one at a birthday party at Boseombe, which had not broken np till a little before mid night. At that hoar the only way for him to reach home was to walk the dis tance ; bnt of that he thought little, bring hale and hearty for his years ; besides which, the exercise and the cool night-air wonld tend to clear his braiD in some measure and mitigate the effects of his too frequent potations. Joel had reached that part of the road where it dips towards the shore and is over shadowed by the plantation on each side of it, when he heard the sound of ap- proaching wheels. The road at this part is not only in deep shadow, but it is narrow and tortuous as welL and devoid of any ride-walk for pedestrians. Hear ing the vehicle drawjDg rapidly nearer, and having no fancy for being run over in the dark, the old soldier contrived to Bcramble up the bank on one side of the road and there snpport himself by passing his arm round the trunk of a tree. The night was so dark, and he was so entirely i in the shade of the brushwood, that it was impossible for any one to see Mm from the road. Captain Avory, driving the waggonette slowly and carefully, had only passed Joel some half-dozen yards when he came to a halt. Then it was that Busy got j down, pnt on the drag, and began to lead j the horse downhill. A few words, and I those in an onder-tone, passed between | the captain and Bosy, but they were sufficient to enable Joel Ciitheroe to re- | cognise the voice of the iatter. He had j known Bosy ever since Ms return to I Hoogies, five years before ; be had, in ! fact, known Mm tMrty years before, j when Bosy was a boy ; and he frit con- 1 Meed that he was not mistaken M the | vuiua '"What's in the wind now ?' he said as he scrambled down and resumed his journey. '"What's Busy Groote doing in a trap at this time o' night, and who's the man that's with him t Maybe, they are after a bit of quiet smuggling. If 8o, it ought to come natural to Bosy, if j one-half that's told about the old house j Is true.' He went on his way, keeping M the j war of the waggonette, although he could only judge Ms distance from it by hear ing and not by sight. In a little while he came .near to the point where the plantations ended and the road reached the level of the shore. Then all at once the aound of wheels in front of him ceased. He halted and listened but- nothing conid be heard. Had the wag- j gonette come to a stand in the middle of J the road I If not, what had become of j it i Suddenly he gave Ms leg a slap, as J he had a trick of doing when a fresh j thought struck him. Why, of course, that's it j' he said. 'They have turned off on to the sands by the end of the plantation, and that's why I can no longer hear the wheels They are taking the turn round to Hoogies. A bit o' timngriing. withont a doubt. T thnnnht -it was about put a stop to in these days. \- Well, well, it's no business of mine, though a pound or two of tobacco or a keg of cognac wouldn't come amiss to a poor man. — But who waa the fellow that was with Bosy, I wonder ?' Joel Ciit heroe now quickened his pace, and reached home about half an hour later, without having .seen or heard anything - more of the waggonette or its occopaote. He was later than usual in rising next- rooming his over-night potations having had the effect of making Jiim Bleep heavily. He wasa little cross and ont of Borte, as men are apt to be who have overstepped the line they nenally draw for themselves, and for the time being he forgot all .abont his adventure. Soon after his mid-day meal was over, a neigh bour, another pensioner, who had nothing "to do, came in, and the two Bat for an honr or two, smoking, drinking thin ale, . and gossiping of bygone dava A casual mention of TTntgins by his friend brought -hack do the old soldier's miiid what he dhad seen and heard last night in cannec- tion-with Busy Groote. It would be MMthiwrlwali faialbjlimit an hnnrn- . .needed -to relate all there was.tofali. , ; Whatrayyoo,Martfa£he.remarfcea, when he .had broughtMe narrative to. an , end. IShaU we walk as far ns .zbe.old rJlpgeu, mid nee if we -can rind any- traces j , of Jast aighfa work f A bottle or-two j , .flf brandy, or.aiew .cakes oftobacco, now \- —ah, , Martin i' Martin was- no!tiag Joth. Life at; . |3amdray -was .-certainly ®eiy .stagnant, . pnpnd -anything,, that promised u little variety was welcome. So the two -set j woptpgether. , "Evening was -creeping on, -fwri in Jesstfaen an itonr it wonld be-dark. - Thir.frrrrlr thn rrrnnj rnlrm the oshoreic, „fTheJ|iirectian of Hoogies, smoking .and , I - 1 talking jM thefwent. When they reached the point where the end of the plantation comes down close to the shore, Joel said | to his companion : Tine is the spot where the trap turned off the hard road od to the soft sand. There ought to he ' some wheel-marks hereabouts. The tide j | hardly ever reaches as high as this.' I A minute's search enabled them to find not merely "the marks of wheels, but those made by the hoofs of a horse as j well. , < And here's the track made by 'em j when they came hack,' said Martin, who was a quick-sighted old fellow. 1 The two men pressed on more eagerly ; ! the adventure began to look promising. I The wheel-tracks led them direct to the fire-blackened ruine of the honse. When - a few yards from it, they halted to re connoitre. Ho faintest cnrl nf smoke ' was issuing from the chimney ; there was no sonnd or sign of life anywhere. | Still, that was no proof that Boey Groote was not at home ; but might there not be some one with Mm — some one who i might resent the intrusion of strangers i It is just as well, Joel thought, that he had not ventnred here alone. Bathe was an old campaigner, not easily daunted, and the vision of that keg of cognac floated pleasantly before his mind's eye. 'There can he no harm in taking a peep, eb, mate 1' he said to Martin in an onder-tone. ' They can't bite our heads off any way,' growled the latter as he turned over the quid in his cheek. They drew nearer the house, their footsteps making no noise in the yielding I sand. When they reached the rude door which opened into the kitchen, they paused again, to listen j bnt all was aB silent as a dwelling of the dead. Then Joel lifted the latch gently, and poshing open the door a little way, he craned forward his long neck and peered round the desolate room. ' We needn't have bothered onreelves,' he said with a grunt of disappointment. ' There ain't a soul here.' ' Still, they must ba' been here last night, else why the wheel-tracks ?' re turned the other. ' Perhaps, though, it was only to stow something away. There's said to be many a queer Mding-place about these old wells.' They had entered the kitchen by this time and were peering eagerly around ; but the place was even more empty and dismantled than usual. ' There is the remains of a fire on the hearth, and that's all,' grumbled the ex- | sergeant. I ' It's a fanny caper, say what you will,' answered Martin. 1 Two men and a trap at this blessed ruin at one o'clock in the morning ! They must have had business here, or they wouldn't ha' come. Very well, thee, the question is, what was that .business V Before Joel could frame any reply to this perplexing problem, there came a sudden cry. ' Help ! help !' called a voice, that sonnded strangely near and yet far sway ; bnt whence it proceeded, the two startled men could not even guess. The eyes of one went np to the root, wMle those of the other went down to the floor ; then they reversed their gaze, and then they stared at each other blankly. '.Here's a start!' said MariM in a i — ..1- 1 _ t \lf h 3m J3 — wm A l niuspcr. If JlCfC UIU tb CUU16 UUUIj mate 1' 1 'Blessed if I know. Down the j chimney, it seemed to me.' i 'They do say as how there was a I murder done here years ago. Maybe it's I the' j Help 1 hdp !' cried the voice again. | 'That's no ghost's voice ; it's real flesh I and blood,' exclaimed Joel sturdily. ' There's some poor soul hereabouts as i needs a helping hand. What say yon, ; Mart?' ' Bight yon are. Til stand by yon : through thick and thin.' ' Then I'll give Mm aMul,' said Joel, who had lived so long among fisher-folk that he spoke like one to the manner born. 'Hillo, mate,' he called out, ' where be you !' '.Here, here, ' .responded the mysterious voice. ' Where be here V ' I'm shut np in a dungeon under your feet — just below where yon are standing.' The two men gave a leap. ' Under one feet ! Then it did not come down the chimney, «fenr all,' mM the cx- sergeant. ' Who brought 'you here f he asked, . ffDinr down a little mlfflv on Ann bnne in order that his questions might be more distinctly heard. ' That is more than I know ; I was insensible at the time.' ' Bless us and save as! I shouldn't wonder if he was hid away at the bottom of the trap that passed me on the road last- night,' -said Joel. Then he called again : '.How long have yon been here. 'About a day and a nighty as nearly as I can judge, 'came the answer ; and indeed to poor Mr. S&verne; the dreary hours had seemed twice as long as that 'Make your mind easy, sir. Yon are among friends, who will help yon, never fear.' The inBtinct of the old sailor had told him that he was retiring with a gentleman. The two men. consulted together. "What was to be done 1 -The kitchen-was M almost complete darkness by this time, and they had no mesne of obtaining a light. They were at a loss to know in what way they could most readily effect the release of the imprisoned man. Their belief was that, like themselves, he -was in the dark, only the- datkness down ihAM tlliflt. 'ha far , Jwftra infanan ffifen if was above ground. They .groped -.about on the floor far, same,' traces of a tmp-i dope, : but could find none. At length it was decided that Martin HiimM pi juHt to the village far lights leavingi-Joel , meanwhile to keep watch .and vrard rillhiB-setnrn. .. . Tins -determination -was commnnicated to Mr. Saveme, -who did mot .lail to express Ms thanks ; .and then Martin «et - ontotwquick'pacefor.thewillagB. doff having: lighted Jus nipe,.began to fmce- slowly ;sto mod fro-untaide the door.It reminded him of rite time -when he had, rioegkentzy-doty -twenty yeauibefore. .Martin nrae jback in lees than <an famr,. bringing with Mm JudtaOEmisribm-? leers, aiming whom was the village carpenter with a bag of tools. There i too, by a fortunate chance, was Dr. Majfield in his gig. The doctor had been returning from visiting a patient, when he had overtaken the little crowd on their way to Hoogies ; and on hear ing that their errand was the rescue of a gentleman who was said to have been shut up in a dungeon of the old house far fonr-and-twenty hours, he had deter mined to accompany them. It might be that in such a case Ms services wonld have to be brought into requisition, besides which, Ms curiosity was aroused. Half-a-dozen candies were quickly lighted, and then the carpenter set to work. A brief examination of the floor sufficed to convince Mm of the existence of a trap-door ; bat he utterly failed to discover the means by which it worked. There was, however, no time to waste in experiments wMle the prisoner below was waiting to be released ; eo he rolled op his shirt-sleeves, marked a square with chalk on the floor, and opened his tool- basket In . less than half an honr he had cut an opening in the thick planking large enough for a good-sized man to squeeze himself through. A dozen necks were eagerly craned forward as the last piece of planking was torn away, and, to the surprise of every one, a faint gleam of light was seen to irradiate the dark- nesB below. 'Hurrah !' shouted the little crowd heartily. Ho doubt, there wonld be unlimited-beer and tobacco at the end of such au adventure as this 1 ' Here yon are, sir, all alive O P cried the ex-Bergeant in Ms cheery tones. By this time the dark figure of a man could be discerned, dimly outlined by flip frint glimmer M the dungeon. '.Thank yon, my friends — thank yon, every one,' responded the .figure. ' But will you please tell me how I'm to get out ? I eee no stairs, no ' Here be a ladder,' called out a voice. Every one turned, and two hats were knocked off as one end of Bosy'e ladder was pushed unceremoniously through the crowd. Two minutes later, Mr. Saverne was standing among his new-found friends, slinking hands with each of tbem in turn. Joel and Martin were the first for whom he asked, and then the stnrdy carpenter came in next for his thanks. Bnt not to cold thanks alone, which fill no man's stomach, was their reward to be limited, as he at once led them to understand. Then Dr. Mayfield introduced himself. ' I thought it not unlikely, from what our good friends told me, that my services might be required. Although it is scarcely professional of me to say so, I Jim heartly glad to find that they are not But my gig is outside, and if 1 can give you a lift anywhere, I shall be happy to do .so. For the present, I will refrain from inquiring how if happens that I find you in so strange a predica ment' I am really much obliged to you, doctor,' answered Mr. Saverne gratefully ; 'but, first of all, can you tell me how far I am from Boseombe Begis ?' A good three miles. Is that the place yon want to go to V 'It is, and ob qnickly as possible.' men x m your man. Dascomoe Begis is where I live.' 'Then perhaps yon are acquainted -with a certain Captain Avory T ' I certainly have that pleasure,' an swered the doctor drily. 'Is Trevenna Cottage your present destination, may I ask?' Edward Saverne hesitated for a mo ment, then he said : ' It is' What other answer, be asked Mmself, was it possible far Mm to give ? Before he could decide upon anything, he most eee his con sin and demand certain explanations from Mm, wMch explan ations would have to be very complete and satisfactory indeed. Yes, whatever Ms after -course might be, he most cer tainly go first of all to Trevenna Cottage. Meanwhile, not even to this worthy doctor, who seemed to refc-p such an interest in . him, would he say a word that wonld seem in any way to inculpate Lucius. ' When yon are ready, I am at your service,' stud the doctor. Bat-Mr. Saverne would not leave till he had divided the contents of his puree among those who had . done Mm such good service. He took down in his nrwrnt-Jinntr tlia fldnuaw nf Luil anJ Martin, and promised to visit them at Cawdray in she coarse nf a few days. After this, the doctor and he mounted the gig, and set off amid the plaudits of the little crowd. By this time it was qnite dark, bnt the evening was clear and starlit, and the doctor -had driven over the road for years. They had halted far a little while to breathe the mare -on the brow of the hill, when Mr. Saveme said, after a long silence : 'I must apologise for.not introducing myself earlier to yon. . My mane is Edward Saverne. I am a cousin of Captain Avory and I have bat lately returned from Australia.' . If Ms companion had announced Mm- selftobeingaveritableehoBt,Dc. Mayfield could scarcely have been more startled than he was for a moment or two. He drew.away from fairness .far as the limits of .the gig would allow, and stared at Mm in wide-eyed astonishment — a look: which the other -could feel rather -than nee. Then he said to himself: 'Pooh ! the.ieliow'e Animposter.' ' What you tell me, sir, is simply imnnaeihlo ' )ro oaawovlraJ alnnJ (If. Edward -Saveme, the cousin of flspre;. Avory ob Trevenna Cottage, and .late of AastnUia,died and was buried atBos- combe.-fiefpBHoBe-onA.month.ago from the present time. I, — Jnlius Mayfield, at your .-service attended Mr. Saveme professionally daring his lastiilness, eaw him within.tdx honrsofhis death, signed - the certificate of his burial ;.-and if you nhoose,-eir,to .accompany rue .tomorrow ; morning, I shall have much .pleasure . fa . Ahem l I mean bfaat if it will be isny .satisfaction to yon, l.can .point out itpyouhisgraVB.' ... : . it'mas tbefaher one'eharo ta sters ; AfaiM sQtore mtBned- - Then Mr - jBsigproe faid, fathstelow, . dogged -way.; | which wis habitual with Mm in certain j moods ; Well, doctor, T don't know j what the fellow yon buried called him- | I self, but I do know this— that the man | beside yon is the real Simon Pare. f j that's not bo, why did my cousin Lucius ; meet me at Munpton station last night, | and drive me to Trevenua Cottage ? Why did his wife welcome me as her kinsman from Australia, and provide a nice little sopper for me 1 Why But I need i not pnraue the subject farther. If it'e j not out of your way, doctor, perhaps yon ! won't mind setting me down at Trevenna Cottage, and then He pamed. And then, what t be asked himself Was he in a land of witch-craft, or where was he 1 If he had been pozzled and mystified before, he wasa hundredfold more puzzled and mystified now. 'I will gladly set you down at Trevenna Cottage,' answered the doctor as he wMpped np the mare. A horrible misgiving was beginning to take possession of him. He had not forgotten the hints and suggestions of foul-play thrown out by Mupcaster. Other little things he had not forgotten which he had noted in his memory at different times. What if there should be some foundation of truth behind all these ugly surmises 1 The thought turned Mm sick. Turning to Ms companion a little abruptly, he said : ' Pardon me, sir; but if you are the person you represent your self as being, you can hardily fail to re member the contents of thewill yon made previously to leaving England. Wonld yon mind enlightening me as to the nature of one or two of its clauses ?' 'Hot at all since we Beem to be altogether at cross purposes. My will contained but one clause. By it I bequeathed to my cousin, Latins Avory, ss my nearest living relative the proceeds of a policy of insurance on my life for five thousand pounds. Nothing could be more eimple.' ' It was some moments before tie doctor could find Me voice, and when he did, it trembled with an emotion he conid not control. ' If what you say be ; trae, sir — and I dare not doubt that it is — then it becomes my duty to inform you that you have been made the victim ; of one of the vilest frauds it ever entered the heart of a wicked man to conceive and carry ont. To morrow — Wednesday — at noon, Captain Avory is doe at the Stork Insurance Company's office in London, there to be paid a cheque for five thousand pounds,- the same being the amount due on a policy of insurance bequeathed him by Ms consin, the late Edward Saveme, who died on 12th of last month, and was buried at Boseombe Begis,' When tbe two men reached Trevenna Cottage, they alighted. As tbey walked up tie garden pathway, they noticed that there was not a light to be seen anywhere. nevertheless, Mr. Saverne knocked londly and tagged vigorously at the belt But there came no response, as indeed, somehow, he hardly expected there would. Again and again the summons was repeated, but with no better effect. The darkness and Bilence remained unbroken. At length the two men turned away withont a word, weary and sad at heart. licuucouaj « uo uci6| auu sue VJ l vj clocks, with more or less of unanimity, had just proclaimed the honr of noon, when Captain Avory, immaculate in French gray gloves and Bnowy gaiters, and with a flower M Mb button- bole, joantily ascended the steps of the Stork Insurance office, and requested tbe liveried janitor who opened tbe swing-doors for Mm to direct | him to Mr. Mnncaster's room. Whatever inward misgivings may have possessed ! Mm, they betrayed nothing of them selves on the snrface. If his eyes were not smiling, his lips certainly were, and his sharp white teeth gleamed through j the rift in the moustache. He was care- I leesly bumming a little air nnder his I breath as the first janitor passed Mm on to the eecond, who finally ushered him into Mr. Mnncaster's room. '. Mr. Mimcaster looked np, and nodded, I and smiled as his visitor entered. 'Good- morning, Captain Avory — glad to see j you,' he said. 'There's nothing like ! punctuality in these matters. We .are j quite ready for you, I am happy to i say. Fray, take a chair for one mo- J ment. Then he resumed his writing. Captain Avory sat down as requested; bnt somehow the smile died awav on his lips, and he ceased to warble under Mb breath. Mr. Mnncaster's greeting might be a pleasant one, but there was a cold, green glitter in ' his eyes which made the captain sMver, and seemed to bode but little good. But not much time was allowed Mm for thought of any kind. Mr. Mnn- -caster's letter was quickly finished and handed to the messenger who answered his sammona. As soon as the man was gone, he took up a tube, one of several which hung close to his chair, and after blowing through it, he put the mouth piece to his ear. 'Yes, sir,' came the answer in tones hollow enough to have done credit to a transpontine ghost. Plating the mouthpiece to Ms lips this time, Mr. Mnncaster said : 'Tell Danes that Captain Avory is here, and let me know at once whether anything is in readiness.' Only a few seconds had he to wait for the response. 'Everything is in readiness, sir.' Mr. Mnncaster nodded, and smiled to himself! Meanwhile, Captain Avory, whose hands were perspiring most uucomfort- ahlv for so cool a momino. had slash pulled off Ms French gray gloves Tfo donbt . Ms signature would he required presently to some document of nthBr, and it was just as well to be in readi ness. - . .'And now, captain,Lam: atypnr «er- vice, said Mr. Mnncaster pleasantly. ' Will -you kindly step ihis way ?' Eor a i momeat be hesitated -and glanced around. 'Everything vis , fa. readiness Jor what or whom ?' he asked < Mmself. Why, to pay .me over the cheque for five thousand of -coarse,' was Ms own Answer -to Jus own -question. And yef, strange tossy, he fait very much -like «t flj vrhtch «ras deliberately walking into a spider'a web, half ens- j peering the while the doom that lay .in wait for it. Mr. Muocaster, holding open an inner door, was looking at hint with a -peculiar smile. He hesitated no longer, bat passed through the door, which dosed at once behind him. Together the two men -traversed the corridor beyond, at the end of wMch were two more silent swing-doors, where stood two mm, one in livery and the other iu plain clothes ; and so they passed forward into another large empty room. 'Just a single .moment,' said Mr. Man caster with uplifted finger, and with that hs strode Forward, and opening the door of a farther room, peeped in. Captain Avory, holding his hat in his hand, rump to a halt with military precnaon an tbe middle of the floor. TT,« heart was thnmpmg like a steam- hammer, and lipa ware strangely- parched and feverish. He moistened them with hie tongue, . then he snijfedatthe flower in his button-hole, and then he threw up his head with au air of defiance. Mr. Mnncaster beckoned to him with an ominous linger. If you please, my dear sir — if yon please,' he said in his most dulcet tones. Captain Avory squared Ids shoulders, gave a loud ' Hem !' and marched forward as if he were going on parade. Heheard the door, close behind Sim, and was . somehow" dimly conscious that another "'1J in addi tion to Mr. Mnncaster, had followed Sim into the room. And then he looked round. He had no need to take a eecond look ; he Baw it all at a glanw He was trapped — bringht to bay — lost — ruined ! Fronting 1", sat three people, any one of whom, sitting in that place and on that occasion, -wonld have i been to iiixn as an infallible symbol of doom. First of all, there wje good, simple-hearted Dr. Mayiield, the man whom he had hood winked and bamboozled as easily as he might have done a child, -who was now gazing at him through ins gold rimmed spectacles-more in sorrow than in anger, -and with a tear lurking somewhere in. the corner of his eye. Hext to him, all in black, sat Mrs. Preedy, as grim, ngid, and anjrnla.r as a monumental enigy ; in her eyes shone no moisture of pity, but rather a coldetony glare, pierced through by one veaomoos spark of hatred. Lastly, came a face far more terrible to bimthan the others — that of his much-wronged consin. By what strange miracle was he here! He was looking straight at him, with eyes that were stem indeed, bnt which yet had a sort of sad surprised questioning look in them, as though they were nsfring : tlan this be the man whom I trusted and treated as a brother !' He conid bear no more. He t-jivf' a oreat gasp, made a dutch at his heart, and staggered back like a drunken man towards the door, those three faces still fol- lowing him with their eyes. Suddenly, a strong hand, which seemed at once to snp port and to hold him, was thrust nnder his arm, and a voice said is bis ear: 'Captain Avoiy, yon must consider yourself my pris oner. I hold a warrant for yonr arrest on a charge of ' But Captain Avory heard no more ; tor the only time in hie 'if- he had feinted, At this point he may well pass from our right for ever. Mr. Saverne conid not be persuaded to take any legal proceedings against his couein. ' I cannot target that Lucius and I were like brothers together when we were boys, be said ; 'and whatever may have been his errors sad misfortunes ninca rhnr time, be is still my nearest living relative. He will be sniheientiy punished withont my adding to the harden he will have to bear.' Bat the Stork Insurance Company took no each merciful view of Capt-dn Avery's mis demeanour. They had a duty to perform to themselves and the public, and they per formed it. On this point it is ncneoessary to say more. Mrs. Avory disappeared as completely ss though no suck person had ever been in exis tence. She conid scarcely fail to read in the newspapers une account oi act jmsb<md.s arrest and examination ; and not knowing I how far the law might choose to take-cog- j Tiimrme of her share in the matter, she pro- I bably decided that the wisest thing she could | do wonld be to drop out of sight as quietly j and unobtrusively as possible. Bosy Groote was another individual who I was seen no more in those parts which bad | known Mm best ; while Hoogies, it is pleas- | ant to relate, Jus long ago been levelled to Irthe ground. sir, riaverne was a man who 'occasionally | did tilings which other people wonld rarely think of doing. He sought out little Florae Sadgrove, and finding her to be a clever and interesting child, be caused her to be edu cated at Ms expense, and later on, he set her fairly on her way in life. It is a good tbing to know that ahe has not failed to do credit to bis generosity. 