PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1886. Tue Irrigation Bill, the principal t measure of the session, the progress of I which has caused no small amount of [ anxicty in the dry agricultural districts i of the colony, appears to be in a fair way to become law before the proro gation of Parliament. True, it has s been pretty considerably manipulated I. since its first introduction by Mr. t DEAKIN, but even its'best friends and strongest supporters never for a moment supposed that it would be able to run t the gauntlet of false friends and direct t opponents without being in some t degree modified in its scheme of i usefulness. Although all that was t desired has not been obtained, wh:tt has been conceded will be accepted as I a step in the right direction, opening a up the way for the future irrigation of I the arid districts, and as time rolls on t and the immense advantages to b: I obtained to the colony generally by the means of irrigation are more generalli t realised, the task of amending any t defects in theo measure will in all 1 probability be no very difficult matter. 1 With the passing of this measure the thin end of the wedge "Irrigation" will I he in, and there cannot be the slightest I possible doubt in the minds of any who have experienced in the Wimmera what good results may be achieved by irrigation that, as time progresses the wedge will be driven home, irrigation will. be resorted to in all the dry I districts, and the agricultural interest at present languishing in those districts t will be placed on a more equal footing with the portions of the colony more I favored by nature in the matter of moisture, and the full value of tI-. benefits conferred on the whole colony will be simply incalculable. It may be said that we oughi not to cry before we are out of the wood; that the bill, though well advanced, is not yet out of danger, seeing that there is yet the possibility of obstruction coming in the way and preventing the final stage of the measure being reached, but although not impossible, we take it that it is highly improbable that any factions tactics will be resorted to now, so far as this measure is concerned. Con cessions have been made on all sides, and it would seem to be highly improbable that any concerted action would now be taken to obstruct it in its last stages. The able mannerin which Mr DEAKIN introduced the bill, the close attention and devoted care he bestowed upon it during its passage through the Assembly, and the watchfulness displayed over it by him all through the piece, will result in his name ever being associated with one of the most important events in the history of the colony, and will enable him to look back with pride on the fact that he not only attempted to advance one of the best interests of the country, bur. that his efforts in that direction were to some extent at least, successful. Is proof of the consistency of his, ind his colleagues desire to promote this work of irrigation to the fullest extent, the Waterworks Construction Encourage ment Bill furnishes good evidence, and notwithstanding the obstructive at tempts of the past few days it is to be hoped that the Government will re main firm in 'their determination to carry it through, seeing they have a substantial majority at .their back.in support of the measure. In last Fri day's Times we pointed out that the evident intention of the Opposition was to endeavour to force the Government to hold over the Bill until next session, the pretext being: that hon. members had not had sufficient lioprtuiity to master its proposals; and,.although as much had not then been expressed, the correctness of the conclusion we arrived at was made fully clear, when the bill was again under consideration in thle As sembly on Tuesday last, when Mr PAT TERSON and others declared that'they were prepared to do aUl-: they possibly -could to prevent it passing, and as an earne their tention-set to work dblekl C?hbýI_ but realising their Ieyakrhe gave way, and al igved-some progress to be made. Mr Sr o .e??i soevidently recognises the fact ithit xig large id portant section of the press hiaverecorded their strong approval of the measure, and especially of tlh e agreemedt of Messrs CHAFFEY Baos ,.but he pretends to believe that the press have been "carried away by t lie g'and prospects held out" and adds that thie House has to recognise the fzfct?, that thliefre is i podsibility?of ':!iir. eWe may informi- Mr PAT -Teasoyr that- the' ress: Irbvt'iit'lbh?Fi: "c.rried away" in any respect, but the fact is that the press realise tihe va, iiipoianles of thie proposals oiade with the good ;-'esult' ' that- must inevitably follow. t Havisig a practical knowledge" of the necessity for irriga tion in all the dry districts, they are capalle of arriving at correct con clusions, which many hon. members entirely innocent of any practical ex perience on the slbject, cannot pretendl to. ilad it been possible for Parlia ment during the present session-which mighllt well he termed the "irrigwtion session:'-to have held its sittings in one of the districts so fiequently stricken with dronug-, many hen. melmblrs might have been able to place a pnsper value on this or any other irrigation proposal. The possibility of failure has not been lost sight of by the Ipress favoring Messrs. CeHAFFE"'S schemle, but they recognise tie fact that if failure should follow the loss is entirely on the side of Messrs. CIAiFFzY, whereas if success ensures, tile country as well as those gentlemen will reiap immecnse advantages. The Government lhve satisfactorv evidence that the Messrs. CIIAFFEY are undoubtedly suhstintial men of the highest order, having gained profitable practical ox perience in similar works in America, and it is absurd to suppose that with that experience they would attempt to enter :ipon a one-sided agreement in which all the risk is on their own side, unless they were satisfied that failure was next to an impossibility. The onea fides of the transaction so far as these gentlemen are concerned were clearly shovwn by Mlr. W\nxox who in the course of his reply to Mr. PATTERSON said- "It would be seen by clause 5 that they contracted to spend the sum of £300,000 on this scrub land which was now perfectly worthless, though it hail a prospective value of Ss Cd to 5s an acre. If they put that money on the land, the Messrs Chafley would turn this scrub land into a gardeh, would establish a new industry for the colony, and show the farmers of the colony how to irrigate. And all the time the Government was left perfectly free to do just what they liked. As would be seen by clause 7 of the agreement, the Government had to be satisfied that the Messrs Chaffey intended to carry out the agreement in good faith and in a satisfactory manner before they need cause a grant in fee- simple to be issued." This assurance ought to be sufficient to satisfy anyone having any legitimate doubt upon the subject, and we main tain that a very large majority of the agricultural community are anxious for the agreement to be carried into effect, and will look to the Government to exercise every effort in their power to have the measure dealing with it passed into law during the present session. ReropTs of the Horsham General Ses sions, County and Insolvency Courts, with letters from our Nhill, Garap and Agricul tural correspondents, appear on" the fourth page. TnE Dimboola Banner has endeavored to traverse our remarks concerning the proposal to advertise in one paper only, adopted by the Dimboola Shire Council at the last meet ing,but its readers will no doubt agree with us that, coining from sucha source, the attempt was very one-sided and unsuccessful. We have no intention of entering into a discus sion of the question with the Banner, as, holding the invidious position of secretary to the Shire, the proprietor is 'scarcely' in a position-having regard to his office, as well as in view of business to come for the Bannter-to do otherwise than defend the proceedings of his masters in the council. We disclaim any quarrel with the council, but having pointed out what we consfdered, and still consider, an error of judgment, we leave the matter with them and the rate payers. AT the meeting of the Horsham Borough Counrnil on Tuesday, Cr. Robinson asked what they were going to do with the "young mayor." He understood there had recently been an addition to the mayor's (Cr. lloeking's) family, and he thought it was usual to present a silver cradle or some thing of the sort on such an occasion, and he did not see why the practice should be de-o parted from in this instance, and he thought the matter was worth consideration. After some jocular remarks had been indulged in, Cr. Sloss suggesting that the expense should come out of the mayor's allowance, a com mittee was appointed, consisting of Crs. Drummond, May, and Young, to consider thie matter and determine as to what course should be followed. THE adrocates of tramway construction, as well as the oppmnents, will see by our telegram from Mlelbourne last night that the Premier in moving the second reading of the Shire Tramways Loan Bill stated that pro vision was only made to rate those portiones of shlires requiring the tramways. TiE dispute between Mr P. hlealey and the Borough Council advanced another stage towards settlement on Tuesday, when it was arranged that the committee should meet on Wednesday evening to deal with it finally, but, in the absence of Cr Clark, the meeting had to be postponed, a full attendance of the committee being con sidered desirable. Os Saturday (to-morrow) a two day's match will be commenced on the Hiorsham Cricket ground between, the Horsham and Capulet Clubs, play to start at 2.30 sharp. The game is most likely to prove interesting' the Capulets sending forth their strongest eleven in order to retrieve their former defeat. The following wvill represent the Horulam Club :--Boltn, Burbidge, Bus combe, Chester, Darke, Doyle, Inaden, MIitchelhill, Osborn, Paten, and Russell For the Capulets-Hall, Lambert,. Edall, Freisch, 'Larrad, Simpson, Gordon. Riby, Hill, Warne, and Ward will do battle. SAT the local pollce court yesterday moring, before deasrs -A. Cameron and R. Clark, junr., J'sP., Peter MLcIntyre was charged by the police with being a vagrant, and 'sentenced toi 2' hours' imprisonment; with a caution to leave Horsham or go to work imnmediately be was released. Peter Nelsons, who had been arrested for beine drunk and disorderly, was fined lOs or 24 hours' imprisonment. T?E Weather continues exceedingly favor able for farmers and graziers . The rain rep6rted in our' last' iusid gIs; i":'a, to mild, genial days, and as the grasshopper pest seems to have arived too late to injure the crops to any~ertent,.thre: is every pros pect - 6f a" 'boiuntifiil. lbrhiest. To~da's I servatory~. forecast a i:-" Showery but I finer weather, S.W and southerly windas" \- i oi hill torrespondent draws attention toan ao terestlng feature in connection with 1 the names of a nuinber of celebrated race horsees.: He srites, "The following is a list a of racehoses' aso \- s ; eedpeivefmfi-ar55 and seafaring incidents aend appendages, being most successf;l in the prianpal events, 18856i:-Nordenfeldt, von A.J.C.: Derby ISS5, Randwick Plte Crae Plate 1SS, and J.R.C. Derby, i1835!;'jGrace Darling won Caulfield. Cup SS5 'Sheet Anchor won Melbourne Cup 185; Sea horse won J.A.T.C. Summer Cnj 1886, and Ballarat Handicap 18; Mrtchlock won A.J.C. St. Leger 188I , A.J.C. Plate 1SSO, and Champion Race 18 ; Galatea won Rosehill Handicap 1SS6; Trident won A. J. C. ,.Derby 1886 ..Ben Bolt won Caulield Cup 1S5 i,TSidenw?on Randwick Plate ISS; 'Ars aliaf on M3elbourne Cup ISSG; and- Trident won.Oanterbury Plate ISS6. AT the instance of Cr. Cameron a com mittee was appointed at the meeting of the Borough Council on. Tuesday to define the herdsman's duties, etc. During the discus sion Cr. Williamns complained that the re gulation made some time since that all cows intended to be taken to the common by the herdsman, shoull be taken to the borough yard,had caused a greatideal of inconvenience and urged that it was!more reasonable that he should collect them as he went along, in a similar manner to the practice adopted in other towns. Cr. Williams also complained that tle herdsman had made a raid on goats in O'Callaghan's parade, before people were I about in the morning, and he expressed the v opinion that tlat official had no right to take a people's goats before they were up. There e is a great deal of false sentimentality about o this goat nuisance question. All that is ex- s pected is that people owning these animals c shall comply with the bye-laws, if not they - ought to look for the officials taking steps n for the enforcement of the law. If council lors and their constituents prefer cows and goats being allowed to wander about the streets at their own sweet will, then by all means, dispense with the services of the h herdsman altogether, and save the expense S incurred. Although the amuounc is not large it would be better saved altogether than spent to no good purpose. A concert and ball will be held in the Dooe State School this evening, in aid of a funds for fencing the school ground. s Tieu report of the committee appointed a to enquire into Captain Bowdeu's claim n against the Borough Council for alleged It damage caused to his property in IMacpher- i son-street by the construction of the McKenzie tramway, constituted one of the orders of the day at Tuesday's mleeting of the council, but, as Captain Bowden was e r unable to attend in consequence of indis- d position, the matter was postponed until the c next meeting of the council. I CoMPLAINT was made at the council table b on Tuesday that there was no check upon persons using the trucks on the tramnway D line, that they could hbe and were used p without anybody connected with the council knowing anything about it. It was decided b that the Tsamway Committee should be tl called together to deal with the matter at v onen d AN extraordinary ghost story has been ci going the sounds of Horsham during the it last day or two, the foundation for which, after due enquiry, we have been unab'le to 0 trace. A man covered with a white sheet, el a black coffin oni the back of it, is supposed tl to have made his appearance, and gone ci through a number of absurd antics. If any- ol one is fool enough to be acting in the manner is referred to, we shall not be surprised to T hear that he has been brought to his senses d by a sound thrashing, or placed hors de L combat by the contents of a revolver. People are not likely to be very particular in the means they use in bringing "ghosts" to their senses. TaE Committee of the Horsham Athletic Club met at the Union Hotel on Tuesday evening, the following members being present--Mfessre. W. Bell (in the chair), Smith, Lambert, Brown, Murray, J. Bell, Hocking, Seudamore, Culliver, Ryan, Doyle, p and J. Wallis (tec). The Secretary reported I that the nominations received for the various 1 events were very satisfactory the number t being larger than for any previous year, and included the champion of the colonies and C several other of the best athletes in the colony. It was decided to forward compli mentary tickets to the various Athletic Clubs t in the district ; also to extend the time for receiving nominations for the steeplechase to the 27th inst. The Secretary was also in structed to ascertain the cost of enclosing the ground with IIessian temporarily for the sport', also to arrange for dressing booth, etc., for the competitors. Is consequence of the intervention of the e Christmas holidays, it has been arranged to allow the next ordinary meeting of the Borough Council, which should be held on 4th I January, to lapse, so that the next meeting will be on the first Wednesday in February. It was decided to close the offices for four teen days, in order that the officers might avail themselves of the Christmas holidays, Cr. Sloss dissenting. "Jimmy Calvin" said Cr. Sloss had got some friends in Ballarat, and no doubt he would like to go I and see the, and he oghlt to have a. fortnight's holiday, with his pay running oum 1 as well as those whol had got nothing to do, and hle, nmoved accordingly, the proposal being assented to on the understanding that an arrangemement would be made for thei wc rk of cleaning out the gutters, &c.;, pro reading as usual during "'Jimmy's" ab Tier second meeting of the Wimmnera District Teachers' Association was held last Saturday. Owing probably to the state of the roads tile attendance was only moderate. Several matters of considerable importance 1 to teachers in general, and to thlose of thisi district in particular, were broughit forard, writh the ell'ct of producing a good deal of I interesting discussion. Teachers would, I without doubt, find it to their advantage to attend these meetings, if only for the social feeling they tend to produce. The next meeting will he held shortly before Easter. HEREErT A.xD FITe.CERnALtD'S great London circus will give their opening performance in Itorshamc to-night. The P.O. Vesos, re. fering to a performance given in Staeell on Wednesday, says:-The performance given by Mr W. Organ's troupe of Broneo horses w~s in itself worth the money charged for admission. The number of manceuvres through which five of the animals were guided simply by word of command from Mr Organ gained well-deserved applause, and they were justly regarded as the best trained animals that have ever been ex hibited in this district. The old belief that when one circus is seen they are all seen was set aside in a great measure by the very clever feats of these animals. One of the horses actually jumped over the back of another and drove two other animals round the circle. A. RHerbert was very successful with his bare-back riding, managing six horses round the circle in excellent style. T. 'Herbert went through some wonderful performances on the trapeze, and the cannon feat, in which Ohmy and Eols. took part, was very successfully performed N?umerous other. items weere gone through in ex cellent style,and altogether the circus is one of the besat that has been seen in Stcwel for a very considerabls time past. . : AccounxTs are awaiting paymen t at the Horsham Sub Treasury forlths followin i Horosham, Natimuk, Nriiis]haoh Cannum, Gymbowren; ,curtoa, and Pimpinio Free Libraries. We are reminded of the anpiroaching new year by the receipt of Pec fAl nsac. ior 1887\. It is onethird larger than thn'iof presison years, and the witticiasm inprose and verse, with the deler sketinhe of TT- ." ----- Sicone of secool boards of advice heeld thiraure ly, meeting onu Vednesday night at tht Mclburne Town al, when areso. . tiow.s cared affirming the desirability of all StIe schools ? being manned with their full nstT fatechers. It was agreed furthe tocaipl)on te departmenn to lay out all Stecho reserves and plant them with shade trees, and to urge that the Amended Education Act, including the recommenda tions made by the council should be intro duced next session. ACCORDsNG to a telegram from Adelaide, a shock of earthquake was felt at Gladstone at 3 o'clock on Monday morning. Iouses were shaken -with great force, and many sleeper, were aroused, so great were the vibrationm The rain was falling heavily at the time, and increased after the shock. TiE reports regarding the wheat crops in South Australia are very good. 3fessr. J. Dunn and Co. state that the samples of wheat already received arc good, and the yield is now better than was expected a few weels ago. They now think a six bushel average will be reaped. WE (Duimunuile Standard) have been shown by Mr. Jas. Moore, of lupanynp, a sample of Mexican wheat grown by him. The sample was barely a handful, but it iweighed 14oz., and as the straw was short the weight was almost all in the grain, which was pliumF and well filled. This was sown towards the end of July, and judging by the growth of other wheat in his paddock Mr. Moore con siders that the Mexican is at least a imonth earlier. Should all other conditions be equal -the value of the grain in milling, etc., tlis new seed will be in great demand for next year's sowing. So far as the quickness of growth is concerned, its superiority ias already been fairly well demonstrated. AT about noon on Wednesday the hea'ieas hail and rainfall which has occurred ins Stawell for some considerable time was ex perienced ; it caume down literally in torrents, and we (Arews) fear must have caused sad havoc in the country among the standing oat and wheat crops. The crossing at the intersection of Main and Patrick streets was running "a banker," and fears were expressed that the cellars of the adjoining places would be flooded; luckily, however, the downponr ceased at about half- past twelve, and the weather for the remainder of the dlay, though showery, was generally fair. It is to be hoped that tile rain and hail will have pretty well extir minated the grasshoppers, which. on Tues day afternoon, swarmed the streets, and caused sad forebodings to the owners of the lovely gardens and parterres in the neigh borhood. REFEnRRIs to the grasshopper pest in the Donald district, the Express reports that the p-esent harvest would have been a fairly prosperous one, the yield of wheat and hay being almost equal to the splendid yield of the harvest of ISS3-4; but now, after the visit of this plague, the yield over the whole district can safely be calculated at 50 per cent. less than the estimated yield two months ago. LI the reports of the N.S.W. rabbit inspect ors for October it is stated that 1,914 men are employed in rabbit destruction, 300 less than the inspectors think necessary. The oflcerin charge of the Iabbit department expresses a strong opinion that the comoulsory provis ions of the act must 'be stringently enforce. The scalps and carcase;s reported to have Seec destroyed duringthe mnthnumbered 605930 Inspectors are to be at once sent to the country adjacent to the Queensland border, where rabbits are stated to have made their appear ance. Titr Licensing Act passed in I885 imposes a penalty on any licensed victualler who shall suffer an unlawful game to be playel on his licensed premises. On the 2Sth August last, George Christian, a licensed victualler at Tungamah, allowed four persons to play a game of euchre in Iis hotel. There were no money stakes, ilut the two losers had to pay for drinks for themselves and tie winner, the amount paid altogether being 2s. For this offence Christian was summoned by the police, anl the Licensing Court fined him 50s and .30 costs. Against this decision he appealed to the Supreme Court on Monday, and the question was debated before Mr Justie Williams, Mr Justice Holroyd, and Mr Justice Kerferd as to whether euchre was an unlawful game. There was no explanation given of the game beyond that it was a game of cards. The court held that the game was unlawful, states the Argus, and thecon viction was, therefore, affirmed with costs. P?rTE A. O'PAIIRELL, a solicitor, who gained notoriety in ISS1 by shooting at the late Archdeacon Goold, was arrested by Constable Harkness and Detective Whitney yesterday on a charge of having thrcatenedl to take the life of William Lane, his brother in-law. It was alleged that Mr Lane was a trustee under his father's will, and that they recently quarrclled about a settlement Angry letters passed between them, and the last from O'Farrell contained the threat complained of. O'Farrell, who is welt known in the city, is GO0 years of age. A dramatic performance is announced in, aid of the Horsham Fire Brigade on 21st inst. A cake fair is to be held in St. John's schoolroom on 20th inst. A public meeting is convened at Drung Drung State School next Wuvednesday even ing. Attention is drawn to Mr D. M. Baird's announcement of new toys, Christmas and New Year cards, &c.; Messrs Twyeross and Co.. of the Fine House, invite special attention to a new stock of drapery, clothing, etc. From Mr A. J. Smith, stationer, Mel bourne, we have received a sample shilling packet of Christmas and New Year cards, which are large in number and varied in desicn. 