The Storyteller. De Profundis. [WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER I. BY ATHA. MY name is Bertha Adams. I am an orphan. Last birthday I was 33 years of age. By pro fession I am a governess, but at present I hold the responsible position of companion to my lady—the Hon. Mrs. Hamlyn Vipont, relict of Colonel Vipont, 6th Dragoon Guards, killed in action during the late Afghan war. Standing here before the mirror, I see a reflec tion of myself—plain, small, and unattractive. That is the reason, I suppose, why the Hon. Mrs. Vipont selected me as her danu-deeom pagnie during her tour through the Australian colonies with her son, who was suffering, as I came to understand, from Borne shoek —some mysterious sorrow, which his mother seemed to fear would drive him to an early grave. I bad been a year with mother and son. We had lingered out the autumn in Italy, but, the invalid growing worse, Mrs. Vipont was ad vised to try a sea trip, and a season in New Sonth Wale*. The mother, although kind and open-hearted as a rale, was narrow-minded, proud, and on occasions cruelly selfish. It was plain to me that the was terribly jealous of the influence of other women over the »«n whom she idolised. I had heard from time to time vague rumours of trouble that had come in connection i»ith the hon. lady's last companion. If this was true I had no reason to imagine that my com pany would become dangerous to him. It never appeared to me, however, that Edgar Vipont troubled himself about one woman especially. Though ho seemod partial to the society of ladies, and admired their beauty, he was the same to all. Ho was a strange, wayward, incomprehen sible young man to me was Edgar Vipont; so polite, so clever, and ho handsome—in spite of his illness—yet in other ways so uncivilised. I was always reminded in my intercourse with him of the old preverb, " Scratch a Russian and you'll tind him a Tartar," and I could have imagined him inquiring with the greatest soli citude if the cup of coffee—in which he was secretly administering to you a dose of deadly poison—was sweet enough for your taste, and taking infinite pains to make it so if it was not, smiling at you the while. The days went pleasantly by in the city of Sydnoy. Mrs. Vipont rented a charming resi dence at Rose Bay, on the heights overlooking the magnificent harbour; and the place was made gay by constant company. Edgar Vipont would often pass whole days with us ; but there were times when he would become morose, shut himself in his room, and refuse to see any one for a week together. Once as I was passing the door of his private sitting-room during one of his melancholy depressions I noticed with surprise that it was standing wide open. I had never entered this apartment, for it was usually kept closed and locked. Womanlike, I paused to glance over the luxurious furniture, when ray gaze fell on a full-length portrait that hung at the further extremity of it. It was the picture of a young and lovely woman, with a pale oval face, long dark hair, perfect features, and the most haunt ing melancholy brown eyea I ever beheld. Those eyes seemed to fascinate me to such a decree that I was held spellbound to the spot. Tney fixed themsclvos on mine with an expres sion of agonised appeal a* intense and real as if they had been living eyca out of which the aoul looked for sympathy. A sudden noise proceeding from the inner room broke the spell, and I fled to ray room like a guilty thief taken in the act. This incident happened ]ust one month after our arrival in the colonies, but as tho weeks and months went by it faded from my mind altogether. One wet chilly day in August Mrs. Vipont and I were alone together in her boudoir. I was reading one of George Eliot's delightful Btorica to her while she reclined on a couch near the window looking out at the mountainous waves rolling inward at tho heads. While I read, the door [opened, and Edgar Vipont entered. There was a careworn look on bin pale face which was most distressing to behold. " Good morning, mother," he said in a quiet tone, laying a splendid bouquet of flowers on tho table beside her sofa. "Good morning, Miss Adams," and he bowed to me with bis usual cere raon ious pol iteness. '' I have brought you those flowers. See, the camellias are finer than I ever remember to havo seen them in Europe, and the violets"—— "Ah! delightful," cried the aristocratic dame, kissing her son, and inhaling the per fume of the rich purple flowers. " What taste you have, Edgar! No one could have arranged this bouquet as you have. How are yeu this moraine, mv Bon •" Bhe added, with an anxious look at his handsome face. Edgar Vipont laid his hand on his bosom. " I feel wearied, mother, but I bave nothing new to complain of. Want of sleep, want of rest, is nay great ailment; and neither Dr. Martin nor Bernhardt, no, nor your own famous Italian medico, Besalino, seems able to help me there." And he raised his slender wasted hand to his head. The lady looked at him with all the mother in her gaze. " Tell me, is your rest as disturbed as ever ?" she asked anxiously. " Yes," he replied; " either Ido not sleep at all at night, or, to speak more correctly, be come acutely painfully wakeful when evening falls, and other more fortunate mortals are sunk in quiet slumber; or my sleep is filled with dreams which, though I cannot recall them wben I wake, are, I feel sensible, so full of suffering and a nameless horror to mo that they weur mo far more than mere wakefulness would do ;" and he paused and sighed deeply. Then, suddenly raising himself, said in a most eager ton*, "By the way, mere, guess who is in Sydney." " Who is it, Edgar ? Any of our English friends r " Aye, some one I met at the Bartons' last night. Oorae, guess." "I cannot; pray tell me," replied Mrs. Vipont. "' He remembers you years ago, mother, be fore you were married—when you were Helen Fortescue, and the belle of the London sea son," cried Edgar warmly. "I told him you were still beautiful, in spite of your 45 year*, and asked him to come to us to night in a friendly way. You do not receive to-night, ma mHr«?" •'No, not tonight, my child. Only the sinters Clara and Ada Pollitt are likely to call. But who is this old friend ?" "None other than tho eminent psychologist, Professor Hugh Drayton, the illustrious tavant of whom all thn world is talking." I noticed Mrs. Vipont's slender fingers tighten on tbe back of the sofa as her son uttered the name. *'• Yes, yes, I remember him," she cried. " A ' wonderful man, but he lias tho reputation of being a magician—a what do you call it in these days, Edgar?—and now" " Now he lays claim to a knowledge of the hidden and mysterious powers of Nature, mother, I believe," he answered. " List night we talked together a great deal on occult mat ters, and he told me some marvellous expe ' rtences he has been through while travelling in New Zealand and other places—stranger, in deed, and more marvellous than those of Home and his school, though tho Professor himself disclaims any intercourse with or belief in any supermundane powers, you know." ••No doubt. The Professor is a strange : being. Would you credit the fact that this same Hugh Drayton foretold to me in my youth much that has since come to pass ? Could the hidden powers, as you call them, enable him to do that?" 441 do not know, mother," he replied, rising, and looking intently at her. for she had become very pale. " What says Miss Adams T and he turned towards me. The question made me laugb. It was not . possible to find a more matter of-fact person than myself. I felt totally devoid of imagi nation, and was never troubled with » reverie or a day-dream in my life. I had no belief whatever f ither in Mr. Home's spiritual mis sion or in Professor Drayton's secret powers no more than I had in our old English legends of ghosts, Scotch tales of banshees, or Irish fairies. So I shook my head incredulously. , " I fear that lam one of little faith, Mr. ' Vipont," I said. '4 Your old friend tho $avant would fine me a very stiff-necked heretic, I fancy, and hard to convert to his views." " Have you ever studied the subject !" asked Edgar Vipont. 44 No," I admitted. " I should not think of studying it seriously any more than I should attempt to practise astrology or magic." 44 Our race are famed for being the most practical people on the face of the globe. Per haps you would not be so incredulous, Miss Adams, if you had seen what I havo amongst a sect you designate 'Mad Spiritualists.' You smile 1" 44 Pardon me, sir; but only think of all the shameful exposures of those so-called mediums that have taken place, both on the continent of Europe and in England. Do they not shake your faith ?" 44 Not so," answered he, with some animation. " In all trades there are humbugs, Miss Adams, but that does not hinder there being a residuum of honest men among them, I trust. Look at mesmerism; no one doubts the truth of tbe phenomenon now, though for a time the crowd of charlatans who arose as followers of Mesmer cast discredit on what is now universally ad mitted to bo one of the most inexplicable of physical phenomena." 44 True, sir, but"— 44 Well, well," interrupted he, smiling. 44 Professor Drayton will be here this evening, and perhaps he will give us a sample of his powers. Would it try your nerves much, mother ? or yours, Miss Adams ?" Mrs. Vipont hesitated, but I gave a most decided rcpJy in tho negative. By-and-by mother and son began to converse together in low tones, find I saw Mrs. Vipont's face grow troubled and almost stern, whilst Edgar's filled with a grave earnestness. Seizing en the first pretext for escape, I rose and left the room. As I was going these words from Mrs. Vipont fell on my ear: II Can you not forget, even now, Edgar ? She is not dead—she has left you. She has for gotton you. Come, my son, do not forget that you are a Vipont." And then the door closed behind me, and I sped swiftly along the corridor to my own apartment. , Chapter 11. (As I stood before my dressing-table arrang ing my toilet, previous to going down to Mrs. Vipont's room that evening, my eyes rested on something that lay sparkling on the carpet behind me, being reflected in the mirror. I turned, and observed—between the wainscoting of the room and the wall—a small object which glittered like a small star. I stooped, picked it up, and brought it to tho light. It was a plain gold locket, act with a single diamond of great brilliancy. Inside there was a curl of dark hair and a small portrait—the same fascinating face with the sad imploring eyes which had held mo spellbound at the threshold of Edgar Vipont's private room. At that moment a strange feeling of fear came over me, and I looked round half-expect ing to encounter the original—an idea that made me laugh heartily the next moment. To whom could the locket belong? I examined it long and carefully by the gaslight, and then stood lost in thought before the fire, from which I was cuddenly roused by the ringing of Mrs. Vipont's bell. Hastily slipping tho trinket into my pocket, I hurried down to her lady ship. I found my mistress dressed in black velvet, delicatelace, and pearls, and she wanted me to do a dozen little nothings for her. She was seated before the fire with the two Polletta—the elder a stout apathetic lady of 30, the other a tall, jolly, and strong-minded person, two yean younger, with spectacles on her nose, and a decided tendency towards the masculine in her attire. The Prof essor had not yet arrived. They were talking about him as I entered; Stella Pollett, the elder, deriding his secret force theory, and she of the spectacles urging that such nonsense should be taken in hand and put down by the Churcb. In a few momenta the door opened, and Pro fessor Drayton entered, and I for one was forced to confess that his appearance at any rate inspired confidence and respect. Ho was a tine-looking man of five-and-fifty, with close-shaven well-featured face, and a pair of small peering hazel eyes that seemed to look one through and through. We were introduced to him one after another, and he then immediately fell into talk with Mrs. Vipont, her son, and Dora Pollett, whilst I and Miss Pollett sat by listening. " Well, but tell us, dear Professor," said Mrs. Vipont, after an animated discussion, "is there any one of us who you think would be particu larly sensitive to this strange force, call it what you will." The visitor looked round and smiled. " You at least, Mrs. Vipont, are scarcely to be called sensitive; and my young friend, Edgar, quite the reverse. Miss Pollett"—and he bowed to the lady in spectacles—" would prove too much for it; but, stay! this young lady"—and he looked at me attentively—" is, 1 Bhould say, decidedly ' a sensitive,' aa I call it." "I, sir! Impossible!" cried I laughing. " What, Miss Adams!" they all exclaimed. " Why Bhe is an utter unbeliever in everything, and practical almost to heresy," added Edgar Vipont. Professor Drayton remained unmoved, and still kept his eyes on me with a searching gaze which made mo feel very uncomfortable. " In spite of what you aver to tho contrary, I feel certain that Mias Adams is very alive to and easily affected by the power I believe in," he returned. " May I test you ?" he asked, sud denly approaching me. For the life of me, much as I should have pre ferred it, I could not say no, but gave my con sent at once; and by the Professor's directions the doors were fastened, the lights lowered, and we sat in a circle, I being exactly opposite him. Be placed something—a piece of metal —in my hand, and bade me look at it steadily. His eyes exercised an extraordinary influence over me and I obeyed, and for a few minutes a deep silence reigned in the apartment. I started. Had I been sleeping ? What had happened to me ? I felt as if I had passed through a period of unconsciousness, and had suddenly awakened with quickened senses in another world—a world which appeared to centre in the presence of one being, and that being was Professor Drayton. His piercing glance fell full into mine with a blazing trium phant expression aa he laid his hand on my fore head and said: "Beet" I shuddered and looked around. We were no longer in the room; beside the Professor, almost touching him, stood a figure enveloped in white drapery from head to foot, and from whom there emanated an indescribable odour. I saw Mm. Vipont shiver and turn paler. Her Bon looked ghastly. Stella Pollett stood silent, almost appalled, while the younger sister crouched down beside her, trembling visibly, and holding the elder's hand as if for protection. I heard the Professor muttering to himself, of which the words " peculiar" and " strange" only caught my ears. " What do you see, Miss Adams ?" ho inquired prrseotly. I struggled to speak, but my vocal powers seemed numbed; then in a voice so strange and hollow that it startled those who were listening, I answered: " I sco a form, tall, white, standing beside you, Hugh Drayton," and I pointed my fiugers towards it. " Describe it further," said the Professor. *• I cannot see tho face," I answered; "it is covered by a white drapery." " Tell the being you see to raise the drapery," he commanded. I obeyed, and slowly the figure raised a long white hand, and removed the folds that hid its face from my view. As it did so a nameless terror seized me, and I fancy convulsed me, for I remember hearing Mrs. Vipont cry out: " Professor Drayton, she is ill. Pray rouse her." And then I was quiet again, yet I recognised the face at once. It was the original of the portrait I had seen in Edgar Vipont's room. " Describe what you see," commanded the Professor again. " A woman," I murmured, " young, dark, very pale, brown eyes, long black hair, very sad expression." " Stop her, for mercy's sake I" cried Mrs. Vipont. starting forward, for her son had sunk back on tho sofa insensible, whilst the sisters wore attempting to open the door in terror. The ecance wrb at an r.nd. In a few moments I was restored to my normal condition. The hoatess and her visitors, assisted by some of tho servants who had born summoned, busied them selves in restoring Edgar Vipont to conscious ness, and ho was carried to his apartments deeply aifected by what had transpired. As bur visitor* were leaving, Professor Dray ton, who had been attending upon the invalid, approached and said : *' Ladies, let rac ask you a question. Had any of you a lock of hair or a souvenir of friend or relation deceased about you this evening?" They all replied in the negative, and I did tho same, totally forgetting that in my pocket lay thp lockft I had found in my bedroom. The Professor appeared puzzled. "Well, ladies," he said, "I am really at a loss to account for the strange odour which was per* ceptibte in this room an hour ago." " We all pvrceived it," answered the younger Miss Pollett, pushing up her spectacles to look at him. "Indeed, Professor, you aro a most wonderful man, and Miss Adams is an excel lent subject. Do you feel alarmed or fatigued ?" she added, turning to mo. "No, only a little dazed ; but I confess I am in no small nieasuve shocked," 1 replied. " I did not expect or desire to find myself so alive to the secret powers, whatever they may be j" and I tried to laugh, but shuddered instead as 1 caught the Professor's full round eye fixed on me. "You must have a strong rapport with the spirit or being or power you saw this evening, Miss Adams," said he. "If you should at any future tiino spo it again, will you write and tell me all the particulars of your experience ?" " See it again!" I muttered in a horrified tone. " Nay, I trust not; but if I do," I added hastily, " I will do as you desire." For the power he had exercised over me was not yet quita dispelled. Our visitors departed, and we were alone— that is, Mrs. Vipont and I. She was silent embarraasod, stern almost in her manner, as I attended her at her toilet. It was my duty to read her to sleep, but on this night she dis missed me with a curt " good-night." As I was about to close the door of her bed room I chanced to put my hand in my pocket for my handkerchief, when my fingers came in contact with the locket. Strange indeed that I should have forgotten it after the query of the Professor. I reclosed the door and approached the bed. " Madam, I have something to say—a confes sion to make," I said. Mrs. Vipont looked at me with a smile of languid inquiry. " What have you to say. Miss Adams ?" " Do you remember, madam, when Professor Drayton asked if any of us bold anything that had belonged to a deceased friend or relative?" " Perfectly," she answered with interest, ud sitting up. " Well ?" " I had forgotten that I had this in my pocket when he asked the question, madam ', and I put the trinket in her hand. She gave a sudden cry of pain as if the thing had been a deadly snake ana had stung her. "Where did you get this?"she demanded fiercely, and clutching me by my wrist tightly —to tightly that the pain made me gasp. " Madam, 1 picked that locket up in my room this evening, just before I came down to you. I put it hastily in my pocket when your bell rang, and the fact of its being there nas been called to my mind only this moment." She looked at me doubtingly. 41 Miss Adams, you know my son is very ill," she said after a pause, in which she had turned the unfortunate locket round and round in her trembling hands. "Will you promise me ono thing ?" " What shall I promise, madam ?' "That you will never mention the existence of this trinket to my son." " I promise." "It would surely kill him,"l heard her murmur in a trembling tone. Then she dis missed mo, and I was glad to retire to the quiet of my own room to think over the events of the evening. [to m continfbb. 