Axy man ivho ventured to assert that this comniuuity was un-musical or stingy would certainly pass a very unpleasant time of it till his offence was forgotten. We are apt to think that our public lias a very critical discernment as to what is good or had in melody ; and from time to time a European performer is tempted t" try his fortunes among us aud does indif- i ferentlywell. Asto liberality it is a fashion able commonplace to assert that if a worthy object can be found the money needed will be forthcoming in a few days. Never- theless, when Mr. Ormonil makes the singularly generous offer nt £20.000, on tho condition tlwfc £3000 bo milled by the Victorian public, for the endowment of a Chair of Music, it seems as if the few intelligent persons who under stand tlio importance of the proposal have to go out into the highways and by- ; ways in order to collect the very moderate sum stipulated for. Mr. Ormond, if wc are rightly inlormcd, has not limited his gift in any unreasonable way. He is quite prepared to let it serve ns the nucleus for any larger design, such as tv Conservatoire. Meanwhile, it is per fectly idle to hang back because tlio present scheme may not be everything desirable, when it is quito> certain that it is good in itself, and that if we let it escape it may never bo offered us again. Wo have always hckl that- i :eh men are bound to regard their wealth as a trust for the community, and we do not profess to go into ecstasies when a Jliau with a largo rout roll, nnd perhaps not very many personal wants, gives a portion of his superfluity to the public. In this case, however, Jlr. Ormond may fairly be said to have discharged his uebt to the community though hohad never made this offer, and the sum ho now proposes to give is not likely to drop from the clouds in any other direction. If wc forfeit this £20,000 by our own indifference, the foundation of a School of Music will pro bably be adjourned for years to come. It seems a curious irony of fato that when the University of Melbourne was consti tuted its founders! got powers from tho Crown to confer degrees in music, and left such mechanical sciences as surgery and engineering to shift for them selves. To this day the degrees in music are a splendid unreality. No ono teaches it ; no one examines in it ; and no one ever offcre himself as a candidate for its honors. Now it may be that of all men a great musician is born and not made, but even a great musician lias to pass through years of very severe discipline, and to tho great mass of second rate teachers ,on whom the public depends very much for its enjoyment, training from a man who has imbibed the traditions of tbe best European Bchool is absolutely essen tial. Modern science is telling us that even feathered songsters, like the canary, can develop nothing like a tune in their native woods. It is nt lenst- eqnally cer tain that to hear a master on the piano or the violin, or to get the critical liints of one who has listened to tho best, is a con dition of the highest success in tlio sweetest nnd most intellectual of arts. We are often at fend with the more ex treme members of the religious world, who resent the mildest criticism of their most irrational opinions as blasphemy against the Holy Ghost. It is simple justice to admit, that these men habitually redeem their unwisdom by an ungrudging liber ality. Whether it is a question ot a Church or a Church school or a charity, money seeni3 always to bo forthcoming ; and if the proposed Chair of Musi", had been la- belled a Chair of Catholic O ration, of Angli . can Plain Song, or of Moody andSankey's Tunes, the wretched £3000, over which musical Melbourne has been pottering for nearly a year, would have been forthcoming long ago. AVe fear it would be vain to appeal to the eiders of our churches by reminding them tliav even a secular 'chair of music may minister to the needs of religion, and that John AAres- lev took many of his liymn tunes from the fashionable operas of the day, on tlio sound principle that it was absurd to let the devil have all the good music. It is equally hopeless to suppose thut pro fessional men can spare enough out of their scanty pittances to build up the studios by which they have made their own reputation for posterity. There is probably no profession which suffers more from tlio caprioiousness of public taste than the musical. A teacher comes out with high testimonials and real talent, and appears to take society by storm. Three years later his fickle patrons have deserted him for a new arrival, and the artist, who at best never made more than tho salary of a second rate clergymen or a civil servant in the second class, finds himself suddenly in want of bread. There is little doubt that this capacious ness of public opinion arises from the want of anything like sound knowledge. The world being quite unable to dis criminate between A. and B., naturally prefers the new comer, whose recognition oarrics with it a gratifying sense, as when a traveller lias discovered an unknown land. The technical knowledge which a C'bair of Music might lie expected' to diffuse would probably go a great way towards correcting this defect. Unhappily, even if the teachers recognise this they at- least are liotin 9 position to find the money that is wanted. Therefore, as the religious world, which knows how to give, is most unlikely to Jo so, and as the musical world, which would give, is, unhappily, imponunious — opera boufte being more re munerative than Chopin or Beethoven we must address ourselves to the world of ordinary men and women. Surely it must be possible to collect a small sum without having recourse to indifferent, concerts or to bazaars, it is not merely a question of promoting an intellectual taste, or addin" another to the profitable industries of the country. No one seriously supposes that AGetorian music can be so developed within a century that stranger? will flock to us to enjoy it in its home, as thev used to flock to Italy or GermanV before musicians became a migratory race. Even if we could foresee such a re sult with- absolute certainty the same indifference lo distant gains that keeps men from planting olive trees or date trees would interpose and stay their hands from founding a Conservatoire. AVliatwe must appeal to is tlm sense of enjoyment. This world is apt to be a little dull, and auy pleasure that keeps the blood in our veins from stagnating ought to be cherished. AA'lien wc have given men the racecourse and the cricket ground, and men and women the lawn tennis court aud the theatre, there still re main many evenings for which a mild form of excitement is desirable." A chair of music, if it be a success, is certain to open a new region to our people. Probably there is no class which hn« more free masonry among its members than the real lovers of music. They instinctively gather together, they have a wealth of common thought and alangnuge of their own, and they seeni not to know ennui when they are entranced in sweet sounds. It will be said that wc have all this already. That is exactly what wc take leave to doubt. AA'o have people who pos sess the capacity to become musicians, tlio ear and tne feeling, but our reco na tion of music is pretty much confined to going to hear the.last singer or company, and feeling very glad when the social duty is achieved. At least, if wo are mistaken there cannot bo much difficulty in collect, ing a smn, which nnr people could pay bj a contribution of three farthings apiece. Tnr. debate in the Queensland Parliament, which lias just, been closed with the with drawal of Air. Donaldson's motion, supplies another illustration demor1- strating the difficulty of making prac- tical arrangements for colonial reci procity in the mat ter of Customs duties. Mr. Donaldson, who introduced tlio mo tion upon tho subject, was as favorably disposed towards reciprocity between ATic- torin and Queensland as any speaker at tho recent meetings held in this city. Tho Premier, Sir Samuel Griffith, was equally well affected towards the proposition nsnn " abstract question." He admits that it would bo a good thing for the colonies to have a free interchange amongst tliem- s.clves. and a uniform tariff in respect to the outside world. He would even go further than this, and advocate a Customs union of the entire British Empive. But his treasurer, Mr. Dickson, looking attlic sub ject, not as an ' 'all-tract question, " but from .lie concrete position of collector and dis tributor of the public revenues, terminated th« discus-ion for all effective purposes by showing that Queensland really could not afford to make the concession re quired of her. This gentleman had received a letter from tho Mel bourne Chamber of Commerce, enclosing a list of aiticlcs to which it was proposed reciprocity should apply, and lie stated that these formed 110 inconsiderable por tion of the Queensland tariff. If tho market were opened to receive these pro ducts from AActoria at a reduced rate, their influx froti other places would bo diminished, and the revenue would suffer,, lie affirmed, to the extent of from £200,000 to £250,030. The debate may be resumed on a futire occasion, but, in view of Mr. Dickson's figures, it seems easy to tell what will lo tbe present fate, of reciprocity. If the sugar interest in this colony is to receive immediate aid, it isnow pretty cer tain it will have to bo rendered by means off our own tariff. It will bo difficult to find any colonial politician who does not share Sir Samuel Griffith's admiration of reci procity as an abstract question. It is, in fact, a sort of " Ginx's baby" among political projects— everybody has a, kind word to say for it, but no-; body will adopt it. A\re are forced to confess that for some time to comet it may bo put where Lord Salisbury grace-! fully deposited Mr. Service's suggestion regarding the possession of thcPacifie Islands — outside the range of practical' politics. Meantime the bounty-supported,' foreign sugars sustain their unfair com-i petition with the colonial produce, and threaten the extinction of an important local industry. So far as the latter inj concerned the difficulty may bo over-i come, as we pointed out on a formed occasion, by putting an increased duty on' foreign refined sugars. If iV0 are to bo thrown entirely on our own resources m, dealing with tuis subject, as seem® to. bo inevitable, it is well tLat thet fact, should be promptly recognised- Speakers and writers may dilate by the hour on the advantages that would accrue from mutual concessions on the part of two or more colonies, but they merely- occupy the position of the proverbially- futile traveller who reckoned without his host. Whenever Arictoria puts forward any proposal for a reciprocal treatv her advances aro met by her neighbors" with, suspicions of her bona jides. The Queens land Treasurer, the other evening, expressed his conviction that " Aric- toria was not imbued with philan— "thropic motives, but expected to maker "the best of the bargain." If we werci shrewd enough to have such expectations (he vigilance of other colonies mav bo trusted to thwart them. Arictoria" lias gamed her objects in the past by beine- self- reliant, and it, seems probable than they will have to be attained for somo time to come in a similarfashion. It is bad enough for humanity to have tu suff cv ' the thousand natural shocks thai " flesh is heir to ' without laboring under the burden of a number which may be de nominated as unnatural. In this latter category we should be disposed to class those which the filthy practices of a Chinaman like lloek Sing are apt to brum upon a community, and for which he was indicted and fined on AA'ednesday at tho Brunswick Court. Hock Sing owned a garden and piggery on the Moreland-road, a description of which, as given by tho police, might suggest a fresh illustration, for Dante's Inferno. SeventyTtwo pig? were found cooped up in styes in a she.d.. ! kit no yard attached to it. ' One' of 'th/ pigs had (lied,, and the carcase not haying been removed the remainder were enjoy ing a cannibal feast. Pork fed upon pork does not suggest au appetising kind of meat, even for sausages. The place, is. was alleged, had not been cleaned out for weeks. Entrails were lying about un- buried, and a drain ran through the gar den, giviug forth, it is nowise surprising to learn, an extremely foetid odor. A notion prevails in quarters other than Chinese that pigs cannot possibly be kept in too dirty a state, that the dirtier they are the better they thrive, and that wal lowing v:i mire adds a peculiarly gustative flavor to ihe bacon they develop ; bub there is a limit to the popular prejudice in tins direction, and no one is likely to pro test against tbo penalty inflicted upon, Tlock Sing, whose piggery is designated by Dr. lalbot, tbe health officer, as a "plague spot." The quicker all such "spots" are subjected to the purifying influence, of fire the more satisfactory will, be the bills of public health. Another item of intelligence emanates from Ballarat, and opens up an entirely dif ferent series of unnatural shocks for poor humanity to those which llock Sing's methods of pork culture disclose. .1 ue Chinaman's malodorous proceed ings were calculated to disseminate sickness; the Ballarat trouble suggests how people may bo unwittingly kept ill when once they become so. The Commit tee of tho Ballarat Hospital have dis covered that some of the drugs sold to them arc not what they purport to be. A preparation known as Howartb's citrate of iron and quinine was found on analysis to be destitute of a trace of quinine. Moro than 2 lb. of this worthless composition had been dispensed in tho hospital before tbe exposure of its true character was made. The local druggist obtained it from Melbourne importers, who in their turn received it from a London firm, who have been communicated with upon tho subject. Medicine is a nasty thing at the best, but it is piling up the agony for the unhappy patients when, after they have partaken of some nauseous stuff, it is discovered that, though d -.'grecablc, it is not remedial. The ad ".'m -ation of drugs h-.- -often beea held up ns a prievRncc by hospital prac titioners. No D-.rm of dishonesty could bo conceived more cruel and heartless than that which interposes betwe.en physi cian and patient. It, is too much to ex pect that the air we breathe shall, under existing; sanatory knowledge, bo kept free from taint; but we surely are justified in trusting that the medicaments supplied with the idea of benefiting sick humanity may at least be free from roguery and im posture. 