MY REVENGE, AND WHAT CAME OP IT. Harrow and I were both carvers. We had learnt off the same master and we were rirais from the first. There's a great delight in carving-a great deal more than people that just look at it, and don't know it from the imitation glued on staff done by ma- chinery, seem to think. Harrow and I were both poor men . enough, and both in love with Bessie Barker, the old sea-captain's daughter. Don't think her a coquette, though ; she wasn't a bit of that. Only, you see, the idea that Harrow might get ber, alter all, made me dislike bim worse than I did before. I did bate the man, and for the mean- est reasons. He was handsomer than I, gayer than I, never out of spirits, and he was the only man in the place that could come near me in my work. I'm not as much of a baud at talk- ing as I am at earring, and I haven't time to tell you everything, so I'll come at once to the time when Sir Arthur Atwater, an Englishman who ¿ad settled in America, offered a prize for the best piece of carping done by one of his townsmen. The prize was valuable enough. It «was twenty pounds. But that wasn't the thing you see-not to us, at least. We wanted the name of it, and we -wanted to let Bessie know what we were. There was to be a large company present besides the judgeB, and it would be fame and fortune in a little way to the fellow chat carried off the prize. Every little carrer-even the girl who made salad forks and such would have a specimen to offer, but I felt afraid of nobody but Harrow ; and he, I know, feared no one but me. I went to work upon an easel. He began the ornamental top ol a side- board. Good beavens ! how beautiful it was 2 I could bave cried with envy when, I took the first peep at it. 1 thought the design for my easel wat \- fine. I knew it was ; but he must have been inspired. But I worked at ray easel as mucli as I could - of course, where there it bread to win, one must take time foi that-and it was nearly done when a certain Tuesday came, not too soon, either, for nothing was to be received after Wednesday morning at nine o'clock. I looked at my carving and .saw that three hours' worl would ¿nish it, and I calculated that 1 could go out to see Bessie, spend ai hour with ber, and still get it done before midnight ; and BO, like, a loo! you'll say-but then you are not ir love, you know-I dressed myself auc .started off. Now Bessie's father, fond of tho sea though he'd left it, lived close beside it in a little cottage, that looked as ii iihe next big wave would sweep it away only the waves always stopped short .of the doorstep. In summer trains ran regularly, bul in winter there were just two a day .one at ten in tbe morning, and one al «even in the evening. Well, I meant to take the train ?down in the evening, and as it came ur. in an hour, of course, to stay just thal long, and then I should come bael with a heart for my work, and fiuisb it up before I slept. I just caugbl the train, and I stood outside on thc ¡platform for a moment, to take breath, and looked through the window iutc -the car, and saw Harrow Bitting there, Yes, he was Ihere^going down to see Bessie and spoil my evening. I /sup- posed his work was done by that. Well. I didn't want to speak to him and since he was to be there, 1 .didn't care to go to. the captain's ; bul trains don't stop for people's fancies, I stood outside and said nothing, Harrow, did not see me, and when the train stopped and I slipped out of the way behind the stat ion and waited un til he went by. Then I fellowed him, I hardly knew why, clear down to the cottage. He did not know it. He rang the bell and was let in. I saw his shadow on the white shade-and going close I heard what they were paying. *? Carving done?" asked the cap- tain. " I Buppose so, or you'd not bc wasting your time visiting/' ' 'Vîtfa^ot done," said Harrow, mitl A Hugh. " But I shall ;toke,tue;iiigh| for it. I don't expect to sleep much, to-nigbt. You see, I wanted inspira- tion, and I came where I could get it." " And Beldon, he's done, I sup- pose ?" said the captain. " Which of you is to have the prize ?" Harrow laughed. " He's got a pretty thing," he said. " Not to boast, I'm not afraid of any other competitor and I'm sot much afraid of him-not much. Wish me luck, Miss Bessie." What would Bessie 6ay ? I might learn something of her heart by that. I listened. *' I wish you both luck, Mr. Har- row," she said. " I wish there were two prizes." ** But there is only one," he said, very gravely. " Which of us shall have it ? " Did he mean the prize for the carv- ing, or more ? All she said was : " Sir Arthur is to decide that." Ah well, perhaps he was to decide both. The carver who got the prize was on his way to become fashionable and make a fortune. Girls don't always forget that. Perhaps BeeBÍe would say " Yes " to the utan who was most fortunate. " He shan't have it," said L And then it struck me that if I could keep him from catching the train, he could not get back that night -could not finish his carving so as to get into the exhibition, and in that case no doubt of my luck, with a judge like Sir Arthur on the com- mittee. Yes, if I could, I determined to keep him from going back that night. I listened. I still had another chance. " I must watch the clock," he said. " My watch is at the jeweller's for repairs, and if I miss the train I'm done for." And then I knew' what to do. I slipped round to the kitchen door. I tried the latch ; .the door opened easily. I went in. Through the ad- joining door I heard Harrow's voice, loud and gay, and I gave a little ex- ulting chuckle as I put the clock bande back haif-an-hour ; that was enough for my purpose. The sea-side train waited for no man. Yet I kept on the watch, and when I found that there was only one old woman besidec myself on the train-I call it a train -it was one car and the eugine £ felt triumphant, I can tell you. ] should finish my work and take it ic before Harrow got back.. Our rooms were in.the same build- ing, and near each other. When 3 went up to mine and, lighting my gas, saw my beautiful easel almost done, 3 said aloud " We shall have the prize my darl- ing." And I sat down before it ; but in i minute I dropped the tools and burs! out crying like a woman. What for? you ask. Well, foi shame. I had thought mean thoughti before, but this waB the first mear action I had done. I was abashed before myself. I knew that I shoulc take no pleasure in the prize-nc pride in it. If I could undo it J would, but I could not. I looked oui into the night. The storm that bac been threatening al! day had burst. J could do nothing. Then it dawned upon me that I could. 1 was a carvei -aye, as good as he, if not better His work was blocked out. I coule fiuish it for him and leave mine-for- sake every hope of the prize. Then I took a tobi I knew woulc do the thing, picked Harrow's lock, iit his gas, and went to work. I never carved so well. I carried out his whole*' dream. I gave ever j pretty touch: to it. I worked all night I worked in the grey tight of dawn I worked by daylight. At light J j dropped into a chair, dead tired. And if I had had strength for it, there wai I no time to fiuish my easel. There was just time to dress àuc I carry Harrow's work to the. hall. I did that, and then I came bael ancl sat down «nd 'looked at nay owt lost hope. . « I've given you up,*' said 1.1 " Hav< I given up Bessie to? I suppose so.' And then there came a «ten1 on th< stair, a cry in the next, room, j opened my door and went' into Har rowe's. There stood a figure like i frozen ghost. It's hair ' «tin? a wit! j icicles, i^ beard flaked them, io ¿on feet. Ott! arm hanging by its side, helpless. It was Harrow. " I was left by the train at the sea- side last night," he panted. " How could I stay : I tried to walk. It's taken me all night in this storm ; I fell on the ice ; I've broken my arm ; I wanted to "finish my work ; the prize; I should have got it ; now-" He fell fainting into my arms. Well, he had a hard time of it-a bard time ; but the first news I bad to teil him, when be opened bis eyes, was that he had got the prize. I sent the work in for you," I said. *' I thought you'd like me to." " But it was unfinished," said he. "Oh, no," said I. To this day Harrow does not know the truth. He thinks be was deleri ous in bis illness, and forgot the last work he bad done. He says-that made me cbucle-it was his very best, and that he has never equalled it since. I never told him I did not compete j I told no one anything. But there is something in feeling contended wilh yourself. I knew that the day Bessie married Harrow. 