ALTERATIO'S or TAIiS:-O n -and after thei 3rd inst. the train now arriving i.t Keran, at 4.13 pan. will -teach here: at 4?23 p.m:, and the night train will .arrive at 12.25 4I.ni.'instead of 12.8 a.m . The trains for Sandlir~irt will:iii future leave Kerang at, 6.15 a.mi. and 1:45 p.m:. The mails will, in icoisediience, :close fifteen. minutes later than hitherto, viz., 1.15. p.m. insteaJd of 1 p:m. S"-Hnuto AOiD Hiu?oiisTs." This wvas the title of a: lecture gitven, on" Friday evening last in. the Mechanics' Inristitute, Kerang, by.3tIr: C. E. Jones, ?l.L.A., in his. inimitable style. The lecturo was really excellent, being instructive, inte resting, and diverting,-but the attendande, though fairljr good, was not at all ddm mensurate with the bill of fare provided. SArrrlov D RATE.-Theregulatior agreed to by the Swan Hill. Shire WaVterworks Trust, for. striking a rate of sixpence in the, poiind sterling on the annual value of the ratealile "property within - the trust area, excepting those 'lands conrtained within ;the territories-of, the: Tragowel, Cohuna, Koondrook rand i Benjeroop. and Murrabit IrriiationhTrusts, ?as been np proved of bv thd'deprtmieint The .rate is pa -ble, 00 is t asdy of.ijiiin5,sr,1886,. anudris basedon: the vaiuat on mailueadf the Swan H:ilt Shire musoiipal rate for the years 1886 and 1887. ENTERsAINENT. -This. evenming :.the celebrated character artist, Mr. Georgei Buller, will give one of his.highly success fil entertainments in the Mechanics' In stitute;-Kerang. Mr. BEller's abilities in the direction indicated are so well-known that we have no hesitation in predicting a numerous attendance. We, can assure our rdaders that they will have' an enjoy able time while 'Mr. Buller: goes through his excellent and lengthy programme. To CortnAcrons.--We. direct attention to the fact that the time for-receiving shire and water trust (Swavn Hill) tenders has been extended to the 10th inst. ACCIDENT - We regret to state that last evening Mr. C. J. Buscombe, of the firm of Taverner and Buscombe, met with a severe accident while jumping his horse over a fence in the show grounds. Mr. Buscombe had been to mounted drill, and afterwards, in company with others, went to the show grounds for the purpose of testing the capabilities of his horse in negotiating the jumps. The animal which Mr. Buscombe rode was rather re- fractory, and failed to jump the hurdles satisfactorily. He was then put at the stiff fence adjoining the hurdles, which he failed to clear, but struck heavily as he rose, throwing his rider, who fell with considerable force, alighting on the side of his head. He was picked up in an in- sensible state, and conveyed to Cullen's Hotel, where Dr. Gregory was soon in attendance, and made every effort to re- store consciousness, but, although the accident occurred about 6.30, the sufferer, at the hour of our going to press, was still in a comatose state, and the extent of his injuries could not be ascertained. RF.cElv-k--The nnmber for the current month of the Austritlian .Tourniil, printed and publislhed by Messrs. A.:H. Massina and Co.. Melbourne. The present numbeor is, issued in an -improved form, various scenes, iiiustrative of events:.in thei story, " "His'Natural Life,'' ly Marcns :Clarke, which was commenced ini the October issue, being portrayed in its pi~es,- tend insg't heighten.the iiitreetsin! this one of BRADY V. HAWTHORNE.- This case in Hawthorne, of Kerang, for 1lS7,.money due;as as alleged, for drawing :"plans. andu superintending the erection' of. thd::block of neiv buildings at the corner of Victoria aniid Wellington streets,'Keraiig, wois de ciderl on Friday last.- Thoe defendant disldted the claim and paid R70 into court, whichi he admitted to be due; and as ai alteinativo he eonnterclainied ,£250 for damages for delay and negligence. Th6 action'first cdrine on last Tuesday in the Supredue. Corirt; Melbourne, before Mr. Justice Williams. Plaintiffwas not then ready to proceed,. and the case was adjourned, the payment of costs of the day by the plaintiff to the defendant being made a condition precedent to the action proceeding. The: case came orn again on Friday, when a verdict was given; before the same judge, for the defenidant with costs.against the plaintiff, the. money paid into court to be returned to the defendant. Mr. Hood, instructed by Mr. T. J. Connelly, appeared for Mr. Hawthorne. Mr. R. C. Crossen, of. Melbourne, was plaintiff's solicitor. DRnny DAY.-This important event of the. Spring Meeting of the V R.C. took place on Saturday last: The racingcomn menced with the Melbourne Stakes, in popular estimation one of. the most in teresting events' of the meeting. In a field of ten horses, Isonomy was favourite; but Boolka ran in: something like his best form, and the judge was unable to separate the two, Bravo finishing next to them. In the run off Isonomy won. The Hotlam Handicap was won with almost ridiculoues ease ly Claptrap, the favourite being second. and Lancer third. First' Prince, .who was pretty freely backed, fell early in the race. All the probable starters, 18 in nuimbeir; saddledfor the Maribyrnong Plate, 'Mr. White's filly Lava. being 'a strong favourite. - Hortense, winner of the Great Foal Stakes at Caulfield, founh her penalty. no great inconvenience, acid 'she won in fine style, Huntingtower being second, and ibedouin third. There. were seven'starters for the Derby, Trident con tiniin?: a firm favocriite. ;'Volcano made a' pa~e toiirhim, liut' Choshat was going so well as the horses entered on the last half m-iile' thiat 'it seemed. that the favoririte :dould shuffer, defeat:' ,Tridenti,- although galloping' sli ishly at: first; responded 'anmely to liis rider's finil calls, al nd'wevar ing don . Cheshai who tired'at the finish. woni by ti couple of lengths, ivitli Aglaos a badithird.' For- the: first time the: winnier.was" decorated'with the: blue' ribbon after-the race adid led along the law?-. For the Sellinig Ra.e othe Ghost nas. faofirite, but Huron beat him easily, hnd: the oswner of the.horse had to :pay £230 to ,et hiti biick,: the whliole amount goingto to t clubhe For the Cobiur" Stakes The Nun ..as freely backed, but a light 'veightel :?dtsider in. Daystar o'n;i tlhe other plces hbeing fillek'-by St :..Joh and Hogmanay. 'A Ta~tus extraordinary,'con eying result of the principal' event,-.w.s iriiied soon after the rades. The result of the " Odp,'.anld other races, v~ill li'dndly posted at~this -ffice ?to-ddy.: . T:k :fi\VAT Rr.r?:-A: meetinig was held lit Siayers' Hotel, ysia, oni Tuesday (writesdacontemporary) to .take into con-: siderationtihe advisabiliityl ofr istimg the wa?ter rtee,' Mr?i G Contts: iso the chair. 1Mr. Da0yminoved:that ? test case liennade u:., and`h that~ legnl: advice be `obtainied on. thiematter.?z Seeinded by..Mr. Hailiksadid carried ;:.\M: ':Feruson . moved that Messrs .jBottomley, Tunstall and. thi. oier b1e elected :a ommittee, to arrange matters.: Seconded by Mr. Day anrid car iOed.:i?nihsc-riitio? s vas ithen miad-e td eGet??xpense?. The miatter of appointing aaJustice of the PeAce was also diicnssoed, and;it Was agreed that Mir. Fergisn" be ecobn' endeild hlithe declined the offer. THE KIooi0OOK TRUS??2.The chairnian of the Koondrook Irrigation Trnst (Mi. MhiGreehan), accompanied by Mr Fulton, the recently. appointedl e' n eer: of. the trust,. was introduced ',by Mr: i'Coll, M.L.A., to the Minister for Water Supply on'Thursday, and stated that a petitioni had been :received from a .number df farmers desiring to be incoio rated with the trust, althouglh they,, did not join when the trust was formed: Mr. Deakin thought the parties jdining" would require to get a petition siglied auid plans drdwn up before they could'join: Mr. M'Gree han also 'stated 'that; a circular had been. received froni the Engineer-in-Chief de siring detailed plans of the works adcoird ing to certain scales: Plans had already been prep8red on certain scales, and it would be a matter of eipunse te go over them all again anid supply theni to the department in the reqnired shape;: Mr. Deakini.thoughlt that perhaps copies of the present plaris'would do, but he i'ould advice the chairnian to see the Engineer in-Chief on the subject; Subsequently Mur. M'Greehari waited ori r. Stuart Murray, Engzieer-in-Cief;d with refer enceds to the plani. Mr. Murray said that as the trust had beeni fformed for sdme titii lie did tid bish todiut them to any trouble, and l he would therefore accept copies of the plans as they were. Hoe would endeavour -to -facilitate the oper ationii of this and all other trusts as far as lay '.in,.his power. The deputation also I Broughct:-under.the otidce, of .Jlr. Deaikin otliefacth ft~iiil·ad.;of obtan ;leaseos bf lanid reiiired foftr iist works anid ichaninels they had.been a dvised iy tlieir solicitor to obtain 'a :freehold of it; and it coiild libe purchased at. £3 an' acre. He wanted, therefore,: to knfow whethei, in .the event of the -trust purchasling the land, .the Minister would,' in addition to the loan already received. advance theiri the addi tional cost, which would be about £250. i[r. Deakin said that so far its the" Go vernment was concernedl they would be quite content to take easements over the. land. He would, howe'ver, consider the matter and communicate hip decision. FEDERATED AGRICULTURAL SOCIETIES. A' meeting of the Central. Cquncil of the Federated Agricultural Societies df Vic toria was held on Friday at the offices of the National Agricultural Society, Bourke street west, with reference to the proposed amalgamation of the federated council with the Conncil of Agricultural' Eluca tion. A proposal was made some time ago that the two bodies shoiild be amalga mated, and that to enable this to be done the- number of members in the Council of Agricultural Education should be in creased, and Inecessary alterations made in the Agricultural Colleges Act. A depu tation from the central: board waited upon the Minister of . Agriculture on Thursday, in order to obtain his assist ance in securing the desired object. Mr. Dow, however, suggested .that, before any thing further was done, steps shoul be taken to ascertain 'thb views of the agricultural societies of the colony as .to whether it would not be' more desirable to proceed with the federation of the societies, independently of the Council of Agricultural Education. The present meeting was called to consider the matter. There were present-Dr. Plummer, in the chair; MIr. J. Castles, Rochester; Mr. H. S.-Parfitt, Wangaratta ;Mr. J; A. Taylor, Bairnsdale; and Mr. .T. B. Miller, Mlirtoa. On thed iiotion of Mr-. Parfitt, it was de eided that it w~ias desirable'to take steps to complete the federatini of 'the igricnl tural societies in the colony.. It was fiirtheir resolved thadt the chairmaiin arid the hon'? secretary (3IMrThomas Patter son) shoui be requested:i?oilr?ft andi for cward tob e.hsociety a circular eeplaiuinu federationovementiau~asking the vie of the sety'upon the pdiit inidicatedb the Minister'of Agricuture. Te idieet in: then closed.- . Tar SvAKE SEasoN.-Remarks a. writer in thie Tarrauirnger Times. :-Snakes are gettinig plentiful,;'or - rather there are people who- itiagine they are 'getting as numerous as big gooseberries will be in a month or so. I mtst give the palm so .,far to the E.C. Tribune, although somne of the Baringhup pdople are not far behind.' I imagine the whisky consumed , at 'Charlton ' and Baringhup is made at the same distillery, and is about 200 degrees over proof. The Tribune states that a Crown Lands Bailiff brought a snake to-the office measuring 'nine feet eight inches tahen killed, and the skin, as measured by the editor, was over nine feet. What a boomer ! I think the snake m.ist have measured about four feet six inches,' which length if doubled would come near about the nine footer. 'Whisky does magnify, as well as duplicate objects. The Tribune also re cords thalmt whe the snake, was opened, there was found a large oppossnm. and thirty-one eggs. (Query : Were these oppossum eggs ?)-:It is not recorded whether, the. bailiff was also inside. I wonld recommend that the Tribunt gets one of its " devils" to sit on those thirty one -eggs, and it they hatch, they will supply snake yarns ivhich wvill keep the Tribui? going for the w!'hole snake season. . SAi.E'OF BuOL..OCus:--On Friday, 12th 'November (sale-day). Messrs s L. Macpher ion iind Co. will subaritiy public auction at the "Kei-ang sale yards, three teams working bunllocks' (10 each) with, bow,' yokes and chains complete. The animals are all young, and in good condition. 