V.A.T.C. RACES. SECOND DAY. THE CAULFIELD CUP. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] MELBOURNE, October 10. BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] THE second day's racing in connection with the V.A.T. Club was held at Caulfield to-day. The attendance for the first time reached 20,000. The weather was very favourable, there being only one slight sprinkle of rain. The course was in fine order, and the races were well contested. Toronto, the winner of the Selling Race, was bought in for £100. In the Caulfield Cup, up to within a short distance from the post, the race seemed to rest between Britisher and Silvermine, but Ben Bolt came with a remarkable rush and boat the favourite, Silvermine, by a short neck. Ben Bolt,, although not first favourite, carried more money than any other horse in the race, and his victory was very popular. Little John, who was also supported to a considerable extent, was scratched on Saturday before noon, causing some sensation. The following are the particulars of the events, together with the results SELLING MAGIC-5 Furlongs. Toronto (Gorry) 1 Honora.(I'owor) 2 Tichborne . (Etteridge) 3 Baron, Mistake, Seaweed, Cndland, Land Shark, Moloagrita, Arroll, and Bongo ct Noir also started. After three attempts a bad start was effected. Moloagrita got away last. Toronto, Honora, and Seaweed led to the straight, Won easily, Betting : 2 to 4 v. Toronto, 5 to 2 Honora, and 5 to 1 Ariell. The winner was bought by Mr. Duffett for 100 guineas. Time, 1min. 4sec. The CAULFIELD STAKES Milo and 1 Furlong. iFonomy. _ .. (Quinn) 1 Mataafa Jw nor) 2 Nun.(FidilOh) 3 Young Horatio, Sheet Anchor, Highland Chief, Grace Darling, Opal, and Robert also started. A splendid start was made at the first attempt ; Nun and Highland Chief took the lead with Malua and Isonomy next. The same order was maintained to the straight, where Maine led, but was challenged by Isonomy, who won by half-a-length, Young Horatio a bad third, Botting : Even money on Malua, 4 to 1 v. Isonomy, 5 to 1 Grace Darling, is to 1 Shoot Anchor. Time, 2min. lessee. THE NOHBHKV IlAND10.ll'-IJ Furlongs, had' Ijovol (Robertson) 1 Unrtijiiso.(Catnpuotl) 22 ITeielouln.. . (Power) 3 Epicurean, Pirohraco, Jobusitc, Lord Allen, Bugler, Glentworth, Citadel, Probation, Mur- mur, St. Michael, Albert Loddon, Julian Gray, Golden Fleece, Nectarine, and Dreamer also started, After a delay of five minutes a bad start was made. Nectarine and Firebrace got away best; Murmur and Albert Loddon were left at the post. Eirobraco led to the straight by six lengths. Bedouin passed him, but was challenged by Lady Level. Hortense came fast, but was beaten by half a head, Bedouin a bad third. Betting : 2 to 1 v. Hortense, 5 to 1 Bedouin, 6 to 1 Lady Lovell and 8 to 1 Probation. Time, 37sec. Line CAULFIELD Cornell Milo. non Mort O'Brien) 1 Silvermine. (Robertson) 2 Briltsuor (Fallon) 3 Zeno, Remus, St. John, Burrilda, Lesbia, Recall, The Levite, Bonnie Doon, Tarpeia, Mentmore, Millstream, Jim Cain, First Consul, and Islander also started. The start was delayed seven minutes by The Levite and Millstream, St. John and Zone were first away, with Millstream Just. Boolka led past the stand, and just after passing Jim Cain for). Half-a-mile from home Britisher went to the front, and led into the straight. Silvermine then passed him, and looked like a winner, but Ben Bolt came fast, and won by a length, the same distance being between the second and third horses. Tarpeia was last. Botting ! 4 to 1 v. Silvermine, 7 to 1 Britisher and Boolka, 8 to 1 Ben Bolt and Recall, Time, 2min. 42sec. Orient HANDICAP SriCKPiiicairASK- About JJ Milos. Contingent Gardner) 1 Irishman 2 Watson) 2 Havelock .... " .. (Malone) 3 Lady Ashton, Black Thorn, Lady Carrington, Terang, Brown Eagle, Moonlight, Victori Our Boy and Sir Samuel also started. Terang led past the stand, with Black Thorn next. Entering the straight the second time Victor fell, as did also Sir Samuel in front of the stand. Contingent then took the lead and kept it till the finish, Irishman second, son lengths off. Botting : 4 to 4 v. Black Thorn and Havelock, 5 to 1 Sir Samuel. Time, 1min. 28sec. WINDSOR HANDICAP 0 Furlongs. Don Giovani _ -. .... (Johnstone) 1 William Toll.(Ulds 2 Toron o Gorry) 3 Duiadum, Ghost, Munwyrtina, All Gold, Kitawa, Highland Chief, Straight Shot, Huron, Vascosa, Tichborne, Sedition, St. Albert, Baron, Sirocco, Mia Mia, O is a, Lord of the Manor, Donald, Cestus, Mustang, and Blondin also started, This was a good start. William Tell got best away and led to the straight, where he was passed by Don Giovani. Won by a length. Betting : 4 to 1 v. William Tell, 0 to 1 Don Giovani, and C to 1 Toronto. Time, 1min. 17sec. 