Prospecting-. (BY FREDERICK BOYLE, F.R.G.S.) " Boys!" cried Fruzer, " here's the health of Mr Boyle an' th« memory of our philosophic camps on the Iudio.—You carry luck with you, sir, I guess, for we've made a fair pile. As to that, I ain't surprised, for I allurs located Ind'an John's claim somewhere round these waters." Who was he ?" I asked. " There's not a many about here as would need to ask that question," returned Beasley; " hut nary child as couldn't answer it. Ind'an John an' his claim is celebrated from the Gulf to Aspinwall, so as never king, nor saint, nor hero, could be run agin him through these parts. He lived down yonder by the lagoon, in a little cane-built hut hedged about with plantain trees, an clustered over with scarlet - flowering pepper vines. Now an' agin, five or six times in the year maybe, just as the old man's stores chanced to last, he'd come paddling down to Greytown with his fists full of dust, which he swopped for powder, an' blankets, an' other plunder. Half a pint or so, he'd barter at a time ! No man knew where his claim lay. The old man drank like a whale in a herringshoal, he did so ; but tight or sober, tha secret were never slipped. An' it coBt him his life, as all of us had warned him it must. Maybe it's twelve months since, four Greasers from Segovia followed the old man up the river to his hut. He weren't skeary at first, for many a one had done the same before ; but these four accursed skunks, they tortured the poor old Ind'an, ay, an* his daughter too, until they died. An' nary word o the secret was drawn from them poor 1 creturs, all alone an' broken ae they was! Poor things, poor things! Tortured to denth in them green an' sunny woods at mid-day ! Not one of us near to answer their cries, nor to avenge them ! There's no grant of Heaven I'd pray for more powerful than to meet them four devils in a lonely place—durn 'em ! —Pass the bottle Yank. Thinking of ind'an John makes me mad." " There's many as bplieves the claim lays on this side," said Vansten, handing the flask across. " But I'm mostly inclined to locate it Frio way. The old 'possum didn't travel overland all by himself, I guess, not being great things at lion taming. And it's just impossible as he conld run up an' down the coast so many times a year, an' never manBet eyes on him. He was Been often enough on the Rio San Joan, mind yer 1" " Wal I" said Frazer, meditatively, " it aint much use guessing. Ind'an John an" his daughter have passed under, en' no living 6oul has the legacy of their secret. For aught any one can say, that new claim just opened, as I hear, behind Castillo was the very spot so many folks sought for; an' indeed, to tell the ugly truth, boys, thfB>j secret claims are a downright curse to any neighborhood. I don't an' never could eplice ends with them as blow off gas about gold- digging—saying it's plunder easy come an' easy gone, seeking the root of evil, an' other granny-talk which han't no meaning. But I say as every prospect should be known an' open. Secret washings tempt men who would otherwise have lived quiet at home in the bole they was made for ; soft-going raws an' delicate boys with romantic heads it is as get drawn that way to their ruin. For old diggers, mind yer, who know the risks an' difficulties of their business, don't mostly heed such stories. But let no man tell me as gold- seeking is an evil trade ! I say the finds in Californy and Australy have put the world a century on, an' han't spent their Bteam yet, nor near. But let them dig as knows what they're undertaking—the risk, the hardship, an' the uncertainty—who can stand up straight under fever, an' fighting and disappointment ? It ain't such as suffer in their heads when folks talk of secret claims—-no, eir. It's just them that ain't fitted to walk out o' sight of the hospital an' the parish church, as get ruined in that madness. — Did 1 ever know a man who'd made his fortune in ' prospecting ?' No, 6ir; not to keep it—if I understand rightly what you mean. There's many a thousand—ay, ten thousand claims which have given fortunes to one man or another, but not to him who prospected them. Qo\d-mining is different; rich men will go into that business, an' poor men are shut out for want of capital. A good mine, such as there's scores, will pay as quick as one can open ground ; but washing is risky, and more open to robbery, an allurs draws round it a crush of rowdies, as double the danger and difficulty of working. Rich men don't care to stand the worry an* anxiety of river work—it ain't likely they should ; mining's the business for them. "Why, you see," he continued, "take gold-digging where you will, in Borneo, in Australia, or on this continent—it isn't the folks of the country who put in for it. They find pretty soon that on the whole, one week with another, a man don't earn as much as by fair wages at any handi- craft. Digging is a good business for gamblers, because one may pouch a big 6take from time to time ; but a man is mostly starving while he plays. Look at those washings in Segovia, t'other side of Nicaragua ; I once saw a peon trot into Chinandega with a belt so heavy he could scarce sit his mule, but there weren't many Greasers such darned fools as to go picking after his ' wash- dirt.' Several Frenchmen, from Chontales, crowded out o' the town, slick away for the mountains, thinking it was straight travel for Jacob Astor's dinner- table; but month afterwards they straggled back, worn out with fever, pretty nigh starved, and cariying barely a quarter of the plunder they might have earned at light wages in the town. Gold-washing, take the year round, don't yield a dollar a day in any country ever I heerd of." " That's thunderin' true, also, what you was Baying about secret claims," observed Beasley. " I mind one caBe well in which 6uch a story caused destruction of a family as had never before dreamed of gold seeking. 'Twas out in Sonora. I was quite young at the time, scaree fit to look an Ind'an in the face but through a spyglass ; but on the Comanche frontier one iarns the whole duty of man right smart. I'd gone into Mexico on a venture of my father's. At a little village called Santa Catarina, the fever struck me down, an' the boys left me in charge of a Yankee, who was trying a email tobacco-planting A good fellow, he were ; but his wife, poor thing, she was a right-down female angel. They were happy enough, living in a quiet way, an' contented with small potatoes, until a lot of boys from Santa Fc passed through the village, an' made a camp some three or four miles away. They was sick full of a secret claim lying somewhere in that neighbourhood, which had already given fortunes to two or three diggers they'd met. Mostly the Greasers only laughed; but poor Spielman listened, an' listened, an' talked prospect with them, nntil his head tnmed yellow, an* all his dreams was double-gilt. First he neglected work, wandering over the hills all day, an gasing with the diggers; then he bought a bar an a pan, an' flopped about like the ghost of 1 a murdered dustman ; an' his wife was considerable uneasy, you may swear. "The Ind'an moon came on while I was still at Santa Catarina, an' I didn't like to desert the poor woman then, for the 'Paches where out in force. No man who hasn't crossed the Mexican frontier can believe what a time the wretched Greaser folks pass every year when the Ind'ans are on the trail. The Bedikini go out sir, in reu'i.-.r armies, two to five thousand stroi:;', : u i <iiey sweep the country like as net. Evi ty yr-ar, at the eame moon, they cross the il.-sert, an' harry the Greasers deeper atii «leoper towards Mexico. The Coinunchcs >.ud Pawnees are bold fnoush in our country, but the Navajos an 'Paches, an' 'Raphabos of Anahwac, are like a swarm of poisonous locusts. No man's life is safe ten yards from the gate of his ' corral,* for there's allurs young braves hanging round for the ctiance of a Bcalp, or a. white woman or child. They say on the frontier that one in three of the Ind'an warriors is now pure white, or rather yeller, and that one half of the tribes has civilised blood in their veins ; an' I believe it—I do. " One day news came in that a big partr was marching southwards through the valleys about ten miles away. We thought they wasn't likely to break the trail to harry such a one-horso consarn as Santa Catarina—war-parties strike for bigger plunder. But Spielman was out in that direction, an' they'd be sure to lift bis scalp if they caught sight of him within a fair distance. The poor woman was dreadful bad. When I volunteered to go look for her husband, she put her arms round my neck, an' cried till she fainted like. When she was quiet agin, t I took my rifle and tracked out. " Not finding Spielman nor any other of the diggers, nor any Ind'an trails around, I thought all was right, an' crept home agin. About two miles from the village, a big broad track was crossed ; all the hoof-prints was unshod, an' the whole was swept as if by a broom. I knew that sign *ell enough; long- tailed 'Pache horses had passed by within the last three houre, and since I left the ranch. Creeping on as craftily as I knew how, an' feeling my scalp- lock from time to time, to see as it was in gentlemanly order—as a frontiersman's should bo in Iod'an neighbourhood—I at last came in view of the village. 'Twas nothing but smoking cinders." " In an hour or two's time 1 found all the people, who'd run into the woods an' cached there. Not a soul was missing but Spielman, his wife, and their two children. I couldn't rest till I'd visited their ranche, though 'twas dang'rous enough to go near the place. The folks tried to prevent me, but I would go. Poor Spielman was lying, without his ba'r, among the ashes of the hut, having plainly rushed in after it was burned. Of his wife an' children there was no sign : they was carried off to the desert, with many a hundred more mostlike from other parte. Had the woman not waited for her husband, she might easy have escaped with the other villagers. " The end of that story is kinder funny. We soon struck the trail of them who had done the deed. They seemed to be about fifty in number, most- like a scouting-party led by the son or brother of the war-chief. Some thirty of us started in pursuit, counting the Santa Fe diggers. The 'Paches travelled gently enough, for they ain't over used to be followed by Greasers, an' I must own they don't seem muchly scared when that event do happen. In a bit of chapparal,' a shady thicket growing over a ruin, we found them at noon next day. There was no sentinel nor even horseguard' Great thunder!" interrupted Frazer, " We find no such chances on the Texan prairie ?" Guess Comanches air better bred, if they ain't better born," returned Reasley. " The Rangeis give 'em early instruction in manners an' deportment. We formed a circle round the chapparal, an' lotted off a body of men to stampede the horses. That's the dooty yer Greaser likes, an' he does it right well, too. Then we sent a yeller-skin up a tree to look what the Ind'ans might be about. " We took our stations silently. In6ide the wood, not a sound could be heard save the stamping of the horses out on the savannah, an' the sleepy chuckle of the parrots. My place was under a big tree, alongside the trail by which the Ind'ans had enterad the shade. Through glittering, sun-gilt leaves in my front I could eee the long crimson shaft of Pache lance fixed in the ground as a challenge. Scalps of all colours an' lengths hung down motionless along it, mixed with fresh leaves an' gaudy feathers. By the red hand on the top I knew that lance must belong to a big chief, a reg'lar hijo de Montesuma,' for you must know, boys, the 'Paches claim to be of the royal race of Anahwac, an' look down on other folk most beautiful dignified. There'll bo tall muss for that bit of timber, I thought, an' I threw an eye over the fix ings of my rifle. It was my first Ind'an fight. " For two or three minutes there was a stillness that might a'moet be felt ; then came a crash an' a yell! That durned yeller cuss had fallen from the tree! Quick as a thought the 'Paches whooped, then dashed along the trail. 'Tarnal thunder! it'd be hard to tell which of our parties was most scared. I stood like a fool, too startled to use my hands ; for, mind you, a 'Pache Ind'an in war-paint, with his arms an* his feathers on, is a fearsome-looking object to the bravest man, much more to boy in his teens. I stood just like a statoo. The first ' buck' that louped past came full upon me, an' his fiery eyes, surrounded by a broad scarlet ring, glared straight into mine. ' Uph !' he grunted, an' louped past like a brown b'ar pursued by a grisly Another followed ; his face was painted blue and red—' Uph !' an' on he went. Every durned mother's son among them Ind'ans grunted in my face as they dashed out, an' I was reg'lar charmed to the spot. Fifty of 'em, boys, by thunder! an' everyone said ' Uph !' like a dry machine. Durnation! I thought that procession would never end ; but at last shots began to ring outside, an' I bolted after the Ind'ans. " As to fight, there were none 1 The Greasers ran like a broken covey of ' hens ;' but they carried off a good sight of horses. I got away safe enough, with a lance-thru6t through my thigh ; an' we could count scalps pretty even with the Paches. Fonr, I think it was, we brought away, an' our party didn't lose more. 'Twarn't 1 the GreaBers that took 'em, though." " And what became of Mrs Spielman and the children ?" I asked. " Guess they were carried to the 'Pache villages; an' there they are now, most likely, unless they're dead," answered the Ranger, coolly twisting up a plug. "The boy should be a ' brave' by this time, an' a chief too, I dare say, for white blood allurs gets to the front, even among the Redskins. Some of us might meet him on the praira any time, yer know, an' guess he'd hare no sentimental objection to raising our scalps ; it's the renegades an' the white captiveB grown ap, that make the Ind'ans so mischievous. They're a long eight worse than Redskins born. The Engineer-in-Chief, Mr J. W. Cole, and Mr L. Grayson, are going to investigate the cause of the Yankee's expensive Islington spree. The Governor Bends a five guinea cheque to the fund now being raised for the family of OsBenton, tho engine driver who succumbed to the icjrries h<j received in the Mount Loft\\* disafter. If the Government are going to provide for OsBenton'e family, as they promise, why a private fund ? Service and Berry have resigned their positions on the Federal Conncil. Gillies •ad Wrixoa tppointed to the vacancies, 