Pen and Pencil Notes from London. DIVORCED PERSONS PROHIBITED TO MARRY-THE FATAL RINGI-RELEGATED TO THE CROWN JEW- ELS-THE UNLUCKY OPAL AND SIGNIFICANT TURQUOISE-THE WIDOWED REGENT - THE WHITE ELEPHANT FOUND OUT-HE LIES IN STATE - BURMESE LADIES CONCEITED - THE FATE OF BURMESE MOTHERS-IN-LAW-THE LONG AND SHORT OF IT-AN EXECUTIONER'S FEE-CHRISTMAS A GHOST-"WAITS"-AN OLD CAROL-CHRISTMAS SHOP-WINDOWS-HOW A DUCHESS SOLD A " PROWLER"-TOOLE'S DAUGH- TER AND HER FIANCE-CHIROMANCY AND ITS HIGH PRIESTESS - ASSASSIN LINES- "ON 'CHANGE"-A KNOWING SCOT-A RECONCILIA- TION. I begin to-day with a startling announcement, vital to society at large. It is this-that the Chancellor of tho Diocese of Lichfield has directed that no marriage license is to be granted to any person who has been divorced. Whether this de- cision will stand trial or not remains to be seen. The re-marriage of a divorced person is recognised whitewash where error is admitted or proved, and only a poor compensation when the person has been sinned against. . . A singular story is told, in a French paper, about a fatal ring, ornamented with a large black pearl, surrounded by diamonds, which was on the. finger of the King of Spain when ho died. This ring Alphonso gavo to his first wife, Mercedes, who wore it till sho died. He then gave it to his sister, the Infanta Pilar, who also wore it till she died. After that event, the king put it on his own finger, and there it remained until he also died, when his widow, Christina, took it off, and placed it among the Spanish crown jewels, fear- ing to to take it into wear herself. The Spaniards are a very superstitious nation ; yet few, I fancy, would care to possess such an apparently fatal ornament. There is no particular superstition connected with black pearls, but there is with both the opal and the turquoise. The former stone is popularly believed to be very unlucky, and -many strange instances are narrated of misfortune fol- lowing its gift in a betrothal ring. Equally cu- rious stories are told of the turquoise. Should anyone receive this stone as a gift, and it happen to chango color, become of a greenish hue, it is said to bo a sure sign of the faithlessness of the donor, eithßr as friend or lover. Ignorance and superstition are generally coupled, very errone- ously, as many wise, as well as foolish, are imbued with tho latter. . ''^THBV.WIDOWED QUEEN-REGENT, CHRISTINA, ..Si si,' ?!» [isiiót above this weakness, though highly trained in science and literature, studies she has continued since her marriage. She is in her 27bh year; She has two children, and the prospect of a third. Although very few " enlightened" individuals are de.vöid of all superstition (sometimes a convertible term for faith), enlightened countries repudiate the! impeachment, and profess only to demonstra- tive fact; We, therefore, being specially advanced, loftily pity tho darkness of the Burmese, who haye lost their cherished deity, the white elephant, whioh, after all, is a fraud, and not white in the least; / The animal died, and there was special application made for tho removal of its remains to Mandalay for interment, a grace wisely refused, immediate interment being ordered. Before this took place, I Tira SACKED BEAST' LAY IN STATE, but only for a fewhotirs, and no interference on our behalf took place as to its ceremonious funeral. The truth about white elephants is simply this : They are a Bort of Mexican blue, the result of a skin disease. This disease seems peculiar to the males, and begins when the animal is 12 years old. The first indication is a spot above the trunk, which spreads to the inner flap of the ears, and then over the body, which it takes two years to cover. This change of color is regarded as a special mark of divine favor, and ¿810,000 ÍB rea- dily paid by the king for any fair specimen. In no case is a real specimen allowed to leave the country. Burmah and India generally are often spoken of as one and the same country-they are essentially different. The Burmese physiognomy is, in type, that of China and Japan, and the people are, in habits and physique, totally dis- tinct from the mild Hindoo or other nationalities in Hindostán. Burmese ladies have scarcely a thought beyond their personal appearance, and spend many more hours a day over their toilette than the most conceited English girl. Their hair alone occupies them for hours. The ladies of the royal household number some thousands, swelled considerably by mothers-in-law. Gover- nors of provinces and all degrees of State officials have to send, as securities for good behavior, a female relative, daughter, sister, niece, or mo- ther: Failing these, mothers-in-law are negoti- able, and so, in this manner, the astute Burman provides for that incongruous element in his home circle. Should he, however, be guilty of any misdemeanor, his surety is at once disposed of in a very . summary manner. Beheading is a common mode of execution in Burmah-a more merciful process than ours, of hanging, I venture to assert. Indeed, the rope often perfoms the former operation. There is an institution in our midst, hore in England, that is Blowly, but surely, dying out, and that ÍB Christmas. The jovial season is now only a ghost of its former Belf, an echo of à dimly remembered past. Truth to tell, the MOBOBBN WAITS, j like the street organ, are generally paid to move on. In country villages, they meet with a kind- lier welcome, and should the memorial eve be shrouded in snow, beneath the " moon?s unclouded grandeur," the pence will rain freely from hastily opened windows, and here and there the wailing chorus will be taken up, and carried away, as it were, on the still air. The only adverse greeting will be, perchance, a wandering dog's protesting bay, addressed alike to the full moon (his special antipathy) and the commemorative melody,' There is, though, something weird in being awoke at dead of night, when the snow is on the ground' and the wind sharp from the north, by voices no£ always in unison, singing under your window; clear and high, the same song sung in old White- hall precincts when the King and court held mumming and revelling, in commemoration of the holy birth, the last verse of which runs : The darling of tho world is come, And fit it is we find a room To welcome Him. The nobler part Of all the House here is the Heart. Chorus-Which we will give Him, and bequeath This Hallio and this Ivie wreath, To do him honor, who's our King And Lord of all this revelling. The earliest Christmas carol was the " Gloria in excelsis," the well-known hymn sung by the, angels to the shepherds at our Lord's Nativity. Ouida writes an eloquent appeal on behalf af the muzzled dogs 5 she tells some interesting sto- ries of her canine favorites, of which she has a pack. One little creature, with a weakness for partridge, was given a wing after it had dined, so it wrapped tho dainty bit in a newspaper, using its nose and paws, hid it under a sofa, and then, like;the good wee doggie it was, took its walk abroad. Returning with an appetite, it opened its package and enjoyed its contents, M. Pasteur announces MB willingness to take all patients, bitten by mad dogs, sent to him from the pro- vinces. This is genuine testing. Young Huntley Macarthy, M.P., only son of the greater Justin, M.P. also, is soon to marry Toole's only daughter, and, since the death of his gifted son, only child. The young lady is very graceful and pretty, and tho young gentleman extremely good looking and talented. He is tho putative father of " Tho Candidate," and is, in his outer performance of the title role, as successful, lt would seem, as tho play. A comedy that through sheer merit has taken hold of the public, and bids fair to retain its hold for a very long run, is " On 'Change," produced by Miss Eworitia Lawrence and Mr. William Duck. Mr. Felix Morris, aa tho old Scotch savant, is a "killing" creation. He believes only in him- self, and his wonderful 'cuteness, and thinks it a very easy thing to make a fortune in the'city. His expression, . ' '" As HE SCANS THE MONEY ARTICLE,' . ; keeps the house in a roar. His fatuous conceit,', underrating the talent required hy other men to;| make a fortune, is a keen satire on human, nature. The fop is excellent, bein g free of exaggeration ; J and Miss Lawrence, as the pseudo-heroine, is ; charming. There are two companies ready for the provinces, where I am confident, the play will " meet with the success such an original and clever j production deserves. ; An expert says fancy brought in the long drop, but that he considers it more merciful than the , Bhort one. . By the latter, you are suffocated j. tho l former breaks your neck,or decapitates you; any- how, either is instantaneous. Berry, the present ' executioner, is a tall, respectable-looking man; a - shoemaker by trade, as was Calcraft. He is, how- t ever, independent of Sb Crispin now. He gets , JßlO a head; or, when there is more than one, ¿810 for the first, ¿85 for the second, and ¿85 for the third, and all his expenses paid. Berry has, nerve. 1 Chiromancy, palmistry, and physiognomy are becoming social nuisances. Miss Rosa Baughan, the weU-known writer on these subjects, and ex- j pert as well, whom I meet at social gatherings, is ; always surrounded by eager inquirers into their fate ! Hand after hand she " tells " off with sin- gular accuracy, if you are to believe the owners, who generally look good all over. Miss Baughan was intimate, at one time, with the gentleman who pushed his wife over a precipice in Switzer- land, and, years before that event, she told him <?? that he had assassin lines-red lines-on his hand ? and would either be a murderer or be murdered.., i Look out for red lines !-like red lights, they tell r of danger. It is the season of peace and good-will to all < men, and following the good old custom, two who had somewhat drifted asunder HAVE COME TOGETHER AGAIN, with what mutual advantage remains to be seen when, tho tug of war begins. : > With a genial recollection of his kindly recep- tion in the land of his nationality, I think I hear ? tho.G. O. M. say, And hero's a han', my trusty frien' An' gio'a a han' o' thine ; Wo'll tak' a right gude wally»waught For dayB o'lang syne. ZINCO. Mosers. E. O. Ghost and Co., of Sydney, aro in receipt of tho following patisfaotory lotter from Mr. W, E. M'Millan, captain of tho Bourke Fire Brigade : -" With much pleasure I hog to inform you that I gave yonr Climax Chemical Engino a trial on its arrival hero, and I must say that tho trial in every roBpoot proved to ho a groat euecess, and certainly warrants -mo in doolaring your Climax Engine Jv to ho tho most offeotual and speody firo oxtiugnishor *V ' that ovor carno under my observation." A few drops of oil of sandalwood, Bold by oliomists, droppod on a hot shovel, will bo found to diffuse* most agrooable balsamic perfume in Biok rooms or oonfinod apartments. 