VICTORIAN CLUB JOTTINGS. Owing to the heafty rains that fell several days before the 4th of January, the date selected by the above club upon which to celebrate their annual meeting, the races had reluctantly to be postponril for a week, and as 'the weather during the interval had been all that could have been desired for dicing purposes, the course was in good order, but the attend ance was not so Urge as the well- wishers of the club could have desired. When the flag fell for the eleven can didates for the Hurdle Race to saddle up, favouritism rested with S coble's mount, Insolvent, at 6 to 2, Royal Maid, upon whom Ferguson was the pilot, being warmly supported at a shade longer odds, Vulcan and Matter Pinetop being occa sionally nibbled at at longer prices. After Mr. George Watson dropped the flag, the Ballarat horse was taken to the front, never gave his opponents a ghost of a show, and won somewhat easily from the outsider, Sinking. Fund, who seems to have a penchant ' for filling barren honours, albeit on .this occasion his owner reoetves 20 soys, from the stake. Royal Maid, who was eased off when Ferguson found pursuit hope- less, was (third. Tantaliser was clearly outpaced, end Vulcan -mrf urtiinately came to grief, giving Corrigan such a severe shaking that the ambulance was -called into requisition for the purpose of con veying the erack steeplechase rider to the pa ddebk, where, on examination, he was found to be suffering from a masty shaking. Nikeieksk aspirants for the Victorian Club Cup faced the starter, Bohemian being a very warm favourite at 3 to 1, with the Veteran.Stokes winner, Britisher, second in demand at a couple of points longer. Chuckster was supported at sevens, whilst double those odds > could have been obtained about the absolute winner, Lavington. To a somewhat straggling start the outsider from Adelaide, Lawington, was first away, and, making every post a winning one, he was never caught, .and eventually won -from Claptrap ihy a clear length ; Britisher was a couple of lengths away third, .with Remus, who came very fast, fourth, and Acolyte last. Rather -hard luck for the lad Weasel, who has 'invariably ridden the son of (Countryman when he -has gained a plane, that he should be absent in Tasmania when Mr. Filgate's horse won. Mainsht was voted a real, good thing for the Two-year-old Stakes, and he went out at 7 to 4, whilst 7 to 2 was freely on! offer about St. PauL. Nothing else was fancied, and the astuteness of backers was seen as the two -colts named got to the distance post, they being lengths in advance of the remainder of the field. After a rattling good finish between Rower and Sanders, the former landed St. Paul a winner by a bare half- head. Geelong was six lengths off third. On being submitted to auction the son of Newminster was knocked down for £280, the whole of that amount, less £100, going to the bands. A very welcome addition. The Selling Rape resulted in a boil- over. Mabel Gray was a most decided favourite, whilst fours were freely on offer about finlp. The latter, who was turned out ia Mr. R. Sevior's best style, got well away on the flag descend ing, and never gave nis three opponents a show of getting alongside uim : me son or jaoannan won oy a lengm. Acmet was second, and the favourite, who ran somewhat unkindly, third. A quintette came forth to do battle for the Steeplechase, and Lady Ashton, who bad the assistance of Kilduff, was as nearly as possible an even money chance, whilst Wymlet, who had the services of Scobie, in the absence of Corrigan, who had not sufficiently re covered from his fall in the Hurdle Race, started at 7 to 2, almost any price being obtainable about either of the other three. Casualties quickly pre sented themselves, for Wymlet, ere they had gone far, ran into a fence, and un seating Scobie, came along the straight run solus. In the meantime, Lady Ashton was sailing along in her usually resolute manner, and tne style in which, she ran down her fences did notinspire her supporters with the greatest confidence. The daughter of Panic sailed away at the finish and won with ease from Pride, the only other to get round. Chester IL, when going strongly, came down at the stone wall on the far side, and Phe nomenon crashed through the last fence. The victory of Lady Ashton and that of her rider was very warmly received. Seventeen sprinters weighed out for the concluding event, the January Han dicap, and Highland Chief, who came from Caulfield with a (great reputation, was installed favourite, with Quintin Mat- sep and Solo next in demand. The race was ran during a shower of rain. The lot appeared to get well away, and as they crossed the tan Solo was descried to be next the rails with a commanding lead. The son of Newniinister, although challenged by Waterloo, upon whom Hales had the mount, stalled off the latter's rush, and won cleverly by a length. Gardenia was third, aid Albanus fourth. 