INDIAN TOURIST PARTY -ENTER TAINIlENT. Oscar Smith and his talented company gave an amusing 'vriety entertainiment in the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday evening last. The building was well filled and moat of the items on the pro graniuse met with great success. The singing of Miss Nellie Harley and Mr. R. H. Wharton was greatly appreelated, and formed one of the chief attractions of the entertainment-" Stick to your mother, Tom," "'By Jove" and "No fear," by the former, and "Yo gallants of England" and "True till death," by the latter, being sung in excellent style and loudly applauded. Mr. Smith created roars of laughter in the comic song "'Arry," the company joining in the chorus with good effect; and for an encore he sang "The thin man." Mr. Harry Gilbert was also very successful. in several comic songs, more particularly in "And the girl went, &c.;," and his dancing was greatly relished by, the "lads" at the rear. A double song and dance-"Pansies"-by Oscar Smith and Miss Harley was a very tame affair. Mr. Chas. Dare, billed as an "author and comedian, in his great Irish creation ' As if I didn't know,' " was only moderately successful, his impersonation of an Irish policeman being unreasonably exaggerated and almost ridiculous; he was encored, however, and sang " Mary Ann Malone" with good success. The comic z sketch, "The ghost story," was very a humorous, and created great amusement, a Oscar Smith gave an exhibition of his e powers as a ventriloquist, but from some unaccountable cause made several unpar donabloblunders thatcompletelydestroyed a the effect of what should have proved the a principal feature of the programme. Mr. Smith made a splendid Tambo, and Mr. Dare a satisfactory Bones. Miss Harley made a good interlocutress, but should be Smore careful in announcing the songs. o The performance concluded with a very funny sketch, by Oscar Smith, entitled u"Just from Gippaland," in which the author and Bir. Dare appeared, the comi. t cal sayings and acting of the former caus n ing peals of laughter and sending the at audience home in rare good spirits. Miss Lillie Herbert presided at the piano, play ing the accompaniments with great taste ,e and skill, and rendering several selections during the evening in a very able manner. n During the interval Mr. Smith announced a his intention of "running the show" every Wednesday evening at Dandenong, and the announcement was well received by the audience. The company is a good one and capable of giving an excellent a entertainment, and certainly deserve the patronage of the residents. et 