WINSTOWE. BY MBS. LEITH-ADAMS. CHAPTER XXXUL JIM'S EXPIATION". To hate a person with blind unreasoning hatred; to pursue him with unrelenting resentment, and then—to 6ee him lie helpless and nnconsclons; to _ watch the restless hands forever moving to and fro in an aimless search of what they knot? not: tu lirttn to meaningless words, baMikii bj lips that can no more give as scorn for scorn ; to meet the eyes that see, yet <>ee not, having no recognition for us in their fever-bright gaze— What an experience! Oar own hatred and resentment are made to feel onntterably small beside the might and the power of God's hand. Before Bach a spectacle bitterness dies oat, hatred fades awav, resentment can no longer hold the citadel of the soaL Watching, tending, praying by Gay Tremiett's bed, Jim passed through just such an experience as thiB. The man whom he had tracked and hunted down, the man in whose weak yielding to evil he had triumphed with an onholy joy, lay doing grievous battle with death. Perhaps only those who have seen such a case can folly realize the horrors that a sick bed like that of Guy Tremlett presents, foul and mocking phantoms, ghosts of a degraded past, rise up before the maddened brain; vile words and dreadful oaths are uttered by parched and blackened lips, and sound in the ear of the watcher like the ravings of some deviL Now and again an overwhelming terror takes possession of the sick man; he shrieks at the wild creations of his own mind, or Bhudders as he fansies that the most loathsome creatures are crawling over his shaking limbs. And ever and always he is consumed by that awful lost of drink that has been his nndmng; while even in the midst of all his madness he has cunning enough to tar to induce those about him to leave nim, in order that he may gratify this morbid craving, or carrying into aotion the wild impulse that is ever leading him to attempt the destruction of his own life. Looking on Guy Tremlett thus, in all the wreck of his beauty, in all the miserable ruin of his youth, truly it would have been a hardened heart that should have refused to him the tribute of a sorrowful pity. To Jim, the man whose morbid vehemence of character had led him to hate what stood in the way of his master's happiness, the eightof that poor straggling frame, the sight of his enemy laid low, was fraught with a bitterness of remorse, proportionate in its vehemence to the passionate resentment that had been the root of the wrong committed. Never had the sense of his own wrong-doing come home so bitterly to J im as no w. Never had the sin of that one swift shaft of thought that had darted through his heart as he saw the evil counsellor tempt the weak and erring man—that one hope that evil would win the day, seemed so black. Well said wisely had William counted on Jim being a good and faithful nurse by that bedside. The grave so ft-voiced doctors who came and went, and glanced at the restless figure on the bed, and then at each other significantly said that such an attendant was invaluable both to the patient and to themselves. Strangely enough, too, Jim's voice seemed to have more power, his touch more control, over Guy than those of any other. No woman could have been more tender; indeed, no woman could have fitly watched and tended such a case, for no woman's ear could have endured to listen to the ravings of that unconcious sufferer. Jim seemed to be incapable of weariness, fiis eyes dwelt ceaselessly on that poor, changed face—the face that women had found so fair, and which was now bereft of all its beauty; at one time pallid with the grey hues of a terrible Exhaustion, and dank with the cold dews of a deathly weakness; at another, flushed and livid with the raging heat of iever, while the parched lips were Blackened with a thirst that nothing coaldglake. William had promptly teHp&phed; to Tremlett Court, and now dreaded, even while he longed, for Mrs. Tremlett's arrival. "It was the only thing to do, and yet—how will she bear it ?" he said to Felham Pettigrew, as the two men Btood looking oat into the street, that was quiet with the hush of Sunday. Here and there people passed on their way to Church ? bells rang from many a steeple; the winter sunshine glinted bright and clear upon happy faces and gay dresses. Christmas was coming ; why should not the world be glad ? Yes, Christmas was coming; the Christmas they had planned that all should spend at Winstowe; the Christmas that Uncle David had said should be a " right merrie time," when " the."prince" should be with his own again, and the old cathedral chimes should ring out a joyous appeal. It was coming, this promised "merrie time," and Guy, their "prince," lay dying, and Lilian was kneeling in her own accustomed place, and praying for her lover's safe return. Praying, not knowing of the awful cloud that was hanging over her head. For what could they do ? How could they let her come to Guy's bedside? How could they let her see that struggling madman held down by sheer brute force, because else he would have laid violent hands upon his own poor miserable remnant of a life? , , How could they let those curses, those cries, those moans of pain, fall upon her innocent ears, to haunt her with their dreadful meaning all the days of her life to come ? What do you think were the thoughts of William MaUinger— the man who loved her as bis own eoul—the man who would have gladly given his own life for that of the man she loved, all this while ? " What can we do f' he had said, looking into Felham Pettigrew's face. ,. „ And the other nadanswered "Nothing, and turned away, because if he had not done so, he might have acted in anything but such a manner as would have been consistent in a man who prided himself upon invariably keeping a cool head." . " H Strephon knew, he'd be sure to let it out, eh?" Mr. Pettigrew said on one occasion, when things looked very bad indeed. " He's not quite a Macchiavelli, isn't Strephon-eh?" And William shook his head, smiling faintly at the idea. " There Is nothing for it but to hope things may mend. Things often do mend just when they seem the we worst. wuron. The i.uc darkest uu&ow; what's-hisname, , you " know, my dear " fellow, *" is just »» uu o-uwbefore • the other thing—quite, _ _ _ quite!" _ But Mr. Pettigrew did not utter his favourite asseveration with his wonted energy and crispness. His mental wrestle with himself was not tins time altogether satisfactory. "My future clerk is about the bast sicknurse I ever saw," he continued, giving himself a sort of shake together, like a man who ' * ' ' subject that he has I were in ex- <.<c«uo, uaugw u. nw-w... sooner have that fellow to see me than any female •ministering angel' that ever did her best * when pain and angnish,' wringing my manly brow, might render her services a necessity. "He is wonderful," said William. "It must have been an inspiration that led me to send for him. Even at his worst, poor Tremlett seems to be controlled by Jim's voice." "Ah! hum!" said Mr. Pettisrew, pulling out his cigar-case, preparatory to departing. " I wish his worst weren't quite so bad, eh? It's just the—very—dooce, Mallinger, that's what it is." Then he took his way down Claires-street, the most dapper, prosperous-looking, bestdressed man in town, but carrying such a troubled heart in his breast as was a disgrace to "a thorough man of the world," bound to look on life calmly and dispassionately. As each night closed in, a fresh acerbation of fever added to the sufferings of the patient and the difficulties of his attendants. After some hours this would wear itself out, and then a state supervened that was one of insensibility, yet could not be called sleep— a condition in which each heavy breath Guy drew sounded strangely in the hash of the early morning hours. William, worn with anxiety and loss of rest, would then doze in his chair, and the valet wonld creep down to his own peculiar den below stairs. 'But Jim's eyes were ever watchful; not a stir, not a moan of the sufferer escaped him; and as, even in unconsciousness, the poor fever-baked lips parted thirstily he would wet them with a feather dipped in iced water, and then firmly holding the hot and restless hands, sit as tnotianless as a statue hour after hoar, seeming not to know what weariness meant. Once or t*ice when his master urged him to take some rest, Jim only shook his head and tamed back silently to his " labour of love." Yes, of love! For from repentance had grown up a strange fondness for the object of his cave. To wrong any one grievously, and then to take up the work of expiation towards him, is often to learn a lesson of love. 