BURROWA. NOTES BY TIE GHOS:r. THE BURROWA FLOWER.SOHQW.' TuE first flowerhow hold' here was opened on Tuesday lst at ".30 p.y., and was kept up till Friday night, whlien a Dutch auction was held to dispose of the plants, &o.;, that remained unsold. The attendance was very largo except on WVod nesdiiy, when only about 100 people wero proesnt; no doubt through the heavy ran that fell during the day; but as night came on the rain n?.ated, and a good numbor were present. On Thursdey the weather was splendid, and a very large number availed themselves of the opportunity of having another look at the beautiful plants, flowers, &c.; The committee-Messrs. J. J. 7eyshaw, J. R. Creagh, B. Morgan, D. Morgan, eEdltncames ershaw, 13. Morgan, D. Morgan, and Misses Row, Korethaw (2), and Morgan (2) -worked hard to makel the show a grand sue oees, and deserve tio greatest praise; and Messrs. B. Morgan (secretary) and J. -. Creagh left nothing undone to have everything arranged properly. On entering the ball and loolting to the left the first stall that was well worthy of notice was the " Mountain Dairy," presided over by Mrs. Kershaw. On this stall there was one mass of bouqudts and plants in flower. Next, No. 3, "Medley Mart," was the fancy goods stall, kept by Miss Row and MBiss E. Kershaw. No. 3, " The Glen," was nicely arranged withl ferns, grass, and wild flowers by Mrs. and Miss Row, and represented a lakte scone. From this we pass to the right side of the hall to stall No. 4, Glhnwood, where we were struck at thle ight of the splendid fruits which cameo from Queeneland ad Sydney. The pine apples and bananas were very large and worthy of notice. The next stall, No. 5, was run by Mesers. B. Morgan and Crengh, with plants for sale and exhibition, provided by the committee. Amongst them were some very valuable pot plants and shrubs. Stall Nao, was the or?J, or refrelshments, which wais superintondcd by Mrs. D. Morga antd Miss Kerelaw, and no doubt this stall received a good share of custom, as tea, coffee, &c.;, were to he had at very liberal prices. The hull throughout was tastefully decorated withl pine trees, evergreens, and wild flowers, including waratahs, &o.;, from Mittagong and Manly ieach. Over .the stage wall was hung the motto--"Tho earth is the Lord's, and tihe ful ness theIoreof"-in large, white letters, bon dark red ground. Under this waos lhung "Advance Australia," and tle interior of the hall was one beautiful mass of flowers and over greens. The commnitteo also hIad chairs placed heore and there for those who liked to sit and take their ease. During each evening several of our talented local amateurs were present and gave pieno soloa, songo, and recitotions, which added greatly to tlhe pleasure of tile evenings. The total taolings amouptted to about £60 or £70, which is very good for a small city like Burrowa. cATALOGUE OF pr[ZsS.e . Judges-- Messrs. F. 13. Brennoan, C. C. Robinson, and W. 13. Pett. Section 1.-Pot plants, not exceeding .12. Ah Tim (11 pots), firet prize, 7s Cd; Mrs. Chtmnnon (Frogmore), second prize, 5a; Miss Row IBurrown), 3rd prize, 28 Gd. There wore 9 exhibits. A special prize was awarded to Mrs. Kershaw for eistglo plint of cactus. Scation 2.-Table bouquets. First prize, 2s 6s. Mrs. Pott. Mrs. Channon highly corn mended. Soven exhibits. Scotion 3.--Hand bouqcuets. J. R. Creagh, lst prize, 2s Cd. Miss Row highly commended. Five exhibits. Section t.-Buttonhole bouquets. No colm petitors. Section 5.-Cut flonwors. Mrs. Tim (2 exhibits), first prize, 2s Gd, and highly commended. Bc sides these there were soveral exhibits from Frogmoro and Binalong. At the policle court on Wednesday last, blefore the P.M. (W, J, E. Wotton, Eeq.), James Davidson was brought up for passitng a value less checquo, antd remantded for eight days. Sclecotloons.-Tho following are the selections taken up on Thursday, lith Novemtber :-Roger Ryan, 220 acres (additionolo), Gunnery; Thos. Slattery, 1360 acres (additional), Congera; 1'P. Hiogan, 80 aresrc(additional), Bala. Conditional lease: Rogor Ryan, i10 acres, Gunnary. SucccEsrsmL CAnDiDAErs.-The following are the candidates who passed at the last Civil Service examination, viz.:--Convent School pupils-Miss M. J. Dwyer, Miss B. O'Neil, Miss Mary Ryan, Miss M. Lyons, and Meotor Herbert O'Leary; frotm 'ublio School-Miss Edith Prior, MasterLeslio Kershaw, and Master Geo. Hancock, three having failed fromn tlhe Convent School and two fromo the Public Slchool. The above is very satisfactory for bothll teachers and pupils. PLAN ANn 1'AuioC IALhL..-'fhloO above lhas ecn postponed, and it is expected thlat it will ble far more cuocessful Ilota tlhe previous one. RlAcEs.--Thloo races passed cff very quietly on Saturday last, the 30th October. As "T£ho Ghost" did not care to viit them ho cutoaot give a report. Wr:*ArTn:n.-The total rainfall for the monthi mudino OQcatm er 31t wos I iwch ¶tS po)intO, ond on ?\leineSday nslhut S5 points fellI. T'lo-dly (Smtrdao) abn.mt 6 pmints fell. WeVi Invo splen mlid grami now im anmlmmce, mind the oheop, mottle, amld Imorocs are ololming mplcnliml. Sholnr img ii nowo in fulil miwing thlrouglhout th, district, nl the weathler is rather unfoavourablo for thio mlhoirerm, no they can sourcciy got two or threo dl'y at a [rnticIh to oChmar. Novoemnbeir lith. 