THE UKITED SIA.TES. [From oar own Correspondent.] ! New York, October 16. The labour question in one form or another still holds the most prominent place among topics of the day. The nomination of Henry George to be Mayor of this city, the annual convention of the Knights of Labour, the prevalence of strikes, the confirmation of the sentence prdnouncsd upon the convicted anarchists in Chicago, and the boldness of Anarchist agitators, domestic and imported, all tend to bring before the minds of thoughtful people the revolt of labour and its possible consequences. Although Mr. George is admitted by all to be an upright man, his nomination and the support which it haB received are regarded with great apprehension, not because at present it seems probable that he can be elected, but because the number of his supporters and the prominence of some of them snow a growing tendency to accept his ideas. Mr. George is a resident of the city, being engaged in the business of publishing his own worts. When it was proposed that he should become the working men's candidate he announced that if 30,000 citizens should signify in writing a desire to vote for him he would accept a nomination. The required number ot signatures was obtained, and the nomination was ten- > tiered to him and accepted at a mass meeting. Probably there will be cast at the coming election about 210,000 votes. Ihe leaders of the movement have assumed that all Knights of Labour and members of the various Trades Unions mill vote for George. These organizations • contain nearly 70,000 voters. Estimates of the strength of his following vary greatly. At first the politicians ridiculed the movement. The sharpest of them would not allow him 5,000 votes. A Working man who has been an active politician in one of the old parties, and Vrho has been the nominee of his party for a seat in the State Legislature, made a wager with your correspondent that Cteorge would not have 1,000 votes. His own estimate was 500. But now the politicians admit that from 20,000 to 40,000 persons will cast ballots for George, and the strength of his campaign has caused the old parties to nominate worthy men. K George should fail, then the city will gain something by his nomination, for it will have a better i^ayor than would have been elected if he had not appeared in the field. Under ordinary circumstances the Democratic party holds a large majority of the city's voters. In the face of a common danger the two wings of the party— Tammany and the County Democracy— iiave united and nominated Congressman Jlewitt, the son-in-law of the late Peter Cooper, a philanthropist of some prominence in his time. Mr. Hewitt is a wealthy manufacturer in the iron business, a man of spotless character, and Xioted for his excellent treatment of the den whom he employs. In congress he Jias laboured to reduce or abolish duties on raw materials. It is almost an ideal nomination, and in all probability Mr. Hewitt will be elected. The Republican jparty. hoping that the George movement trill greatly decrease the normal Democratic vote, has also made an excellent semination. Their candidate is Theodore JtooEevelt, a man only 28 years old, who has been the leader of a reform movement in the State Legislature. George is enthusiastically supported by Anarchists as well as by Socialists and men who do not accept his doctrines. In his speeches he has declared that he seeks election in order that the theories formulated in his published Works may be presented to the Legislature and the public with the support of a large and successful body cf voters. He would apply his theories to the city of New York jay confiscating the rent of land in the city. He says in his book—"Progress and 3?overty"—"It is not necessary to confiscate land; it is only necessary to confscate rent. By leaving to landowners a percentage of rent, which would probably i»e much less than the cost and loss involved in attempting to rent lands through State agency, and by making use of the existing machinery, we may, without |ar or shock, assert the common right to land by taking rent for public uses." In a carefully prepared statement recently published he Bays—" The municipal Legislature in all things pertaining to local affairs should be what a State Legislature is to a State. It could raise taxes and fix ihe rate, on what to be levied, and how to be spent." His published works and bis recent speeches leave no room for doubt as to the system for the establishment *>f which he would use all the great influence of the Mayor of New York. He would take all or nearly all of the rent of all the 3and in the city by taxation, and after paying from it the necessaty expenses of Ihe government he would turn over the rest to the Board of Aldermen "to be distributed in public benefits." In pre lrious letters I have written about the ways of New York Boards of Aldermen. Nearly every member of the Beard of 1884 is now under indictment and awaiting trial. One member is in the Penitentiary. Four Save fled to Canada, where they will projaably pass the remainder of their lives. And the Aldermen of 1884 were not so much worse than their predecessors or successors; they were unfortunate in feeing found out. It is to a New York Board of Aldermen—a body that is a synonym for corruption—that Mr. George would entrust the rent of New York property to be used for public benefits ! Mr. George is not content with pre senting this scheme as his platform. He courts popularity in Anarchist circles by declaring in public speeches that if he were Mayor the police would not interfere with the meetings of Anarchists. "There will be so more policemen acting as censors," he says. But it was while they were acting as cersors that the twelve policemen in \- Chicago were murdered by the Anarchists who have since been condemned to death. He also denounces the prosecution of the iioycotters and blackmailers who were convicted some months ago. It is not strange that conservative men, remembering the rapidgrowth of Anarchist doctrines in the west, and seeing this candidate supported on the public platform by wellknown clergy men. shouldatrive tocheckthe movement by nominating candidates like Hewitt and Roosevelt. Among George's campaigners are the Rev. K. Heber Newton, Protestant, and the Rev. Dr. McGlynn, pastor of one of the largest Roman Catholic Churches in the city. By their side stand the imported Socialists, Leibknecht of Germany and Aveling of England, who spend part of their time in makingeloquent appeals for the Anarchists who are under sentence in Chicago. The great annual Convention of the Knights of Labour has been in session for many days, but has accomplished very little beyond an election of officers. The mo&t; significant feature of the proceedings has been the complete success of the Home Club, a mysterious organization representing the most radical ani revolutionary element of the Order. At last years' meeting an attempt was made to put down this organization, but at this meeting it has asserted its power and gained a majority of Order's Executive Council. Among the strikes now in progress is one which originated in the stone yards of the city with the stonerubbers and now affects thousands of other workmen in other branches of the same industry. The owner of one of the yards had for many years employed a man named Cobb as derrick machinist and overseer. Cobb was not a member of any CnioD, and did not care to join one. Ihe owner was told by the stonerubbers that he must either cjmpel Cobb to join their Union or discharge him. He refused to be coerced, and the strike which followed has spread to many other yards and to the building operations which depend upon stonecutting. Nearly 20,000 men are on strike at the porkpacking and beef-dreBsing establishments in Chicago. In this case the employers took the first step by announcing that ten hours should be a day's work. The hours were shortened at the time of the great strikes last spring. The employers say that they cannot make money unless the old hours shall be restored. Tha men refuse to extend the hcurs, and the factories have been closed. All the employing packers are nnited in this movement, and the contest promises to be a bitter one. The Knights propose to boycott Chicago pork and beef throughout the country. The controversv about the fate of heathen who die without any knowledge of the Christian religion, which has raged with considerable bitterness in the Congregational Churches and the American Board of Foreign Missions, and of which I spoke in my last letter, was taken into the great annual meeting of the American Board last week, and the Liberals or progressives were defeated by a vote of about two to one. The course pursued by the officers of the Board—who had rejected applicants because they were of the opinion that unenlightened heathen might after death have an opportunity to embrace the Christian religion and be saved from an eternity of torment, and had withdrawn from the mission field one faithful and successful missionary who held this obnoxious theory—was approved by the Convention. But the theory was ably defended by some of the most prominent clergymen in the Church. The Congregational sect is very powerful in the northeastern States, and has been established along the parallels of westward emigration in the northern part of the Mississippi Valley and in the North-West. The debate in the Convention showed that the rigid Calvin istic doctrines of the Church are now held more firmly in the West than in New Englatd, where they have been greatly modified. A curious exhibition of religious mania is reported in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio. Some years ago the women of Ohio carried on what was called a crusade against the trade in intoxicating liquors. Many of them became fanatics. They paraded the streets in bands, took possession of drinking saloons, and emptied the barrels and demijohns into the gutters. The end of this crusade found some of these women inclined to accept the most absurd doctrines in religion. Two women living in Cincinnati, each the wife of a respectable and sensible man, came to believe some time ago that they were members of the Trinity. One of them, Sirs. Martin, declares that she is Jesus Christ, and the other asserts that she is the Holy Ghost. The Deity is manifested in them in order that the world may be warned of the approach of the millennium. Around these women there is a large and growing group of worshipping believers. Young men and old, girls and matrons, accept without question the crazy declarations of Mrs. Martin and Mrs. Brooks, and several men heretofore engaged iu business have abandoned everything to follow these maniacs. A young clergyman is the latest convert. Some years ago I became familiar with the history of a, similar group of fanatics who flourished in a New England city. The leader of the group was a woman named Wakeman. She declared that she had spent seven hours in heaven, and had returned to earth as the personification of God to warn the world of the coming millennium. She had thirty or forty devoted followers, who believed all that she said, but showed common sense in the ordinary transactions of life. When she assured them that one of their number was the Evil Spirit and must be removed, even the victim accepted his sentence, and his companions murdered him without hesitation. On the following day another Wakemanite murdered two inoffensive men because Mrs. Wakeman had told him that they were retarding the coming of the Millennium. The Courts then broke up the band by successful prosecutions. Probably the lamentable vagaries of Airs. Martin and her followers will end in crime, and some of the Martinites may yet be sent to the gallows. Those who worship a maniac and obey all her commands can scarcely fail to come into conflict with the laws. Great progress is noted in some of the Southern States, especially in regions where deposits of coal and iron are found. During the last nine months there have been established in the South 56 foundries and machine shops, 16 iron factories, 19 gas factories, 23 electric light Companies, 8 factories where agricultural implements are made, 114 mining enterprises, 9 cotton-mills, 12 carriage factories, 44 tobacco factories, 71 flourmills, 362 lumber-mills, and 42 ice factories. The new capital invested in these is $83,834,000. The most interesting part of this growth is seen in the upland regions of Alabama and Tennessee, where the names of new towns — Birmingham, Sheffield, Bessemer, Aetna, Coalburg—show the nature of the prevailing industry. One Company has now in process of construction five new furnaces, new steel works, and 1,400 coke ovens. The South no longer looks to the North for all manufactured goods. It is manufacturing its own cotton, mining its own coal, making its own iron and steel, and engaged in many branches of manufacturing industry. And the mineral resources of its mountains have scarcely been touched. The grand water power of its streams is only beginning to be utilized. The blight of slavery greatly retarded the development of this region's natural wealth, but now, with this curse removed and Northern capital pouring in, the industrial growth of the South promises to be remarkable. 