MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL. CHAPTER XX. IE BRETON'S WIFE. BR ADELINE SEBGEAKT, Author of " JACOBI'S WIFE," &0. Her Et&rt; of terror could not pass unobserved. She neither screamed nor spoke, but iemained as if fixed to .the spot, with her eyes tarned fearfully towards the shadow in which a dark figore seemed to move. She was not mistaken. The figure came forward with a slouching, sidelong movement, as if this unexpected visitant were trying to keep within the Bhadow of the house. Then -came a smothered laugh, then a man's arm roughly thrown round her, and a voice that she knew well. "Here I am, Polly, you see. Give me a kiss for the sake of old times, and don't beax malice." He kissed her on both cheeks, and then laughed again. " Come, Polly, don't faint. I m no ghost, and I should be glad of a bit of welcome. I suppose you thought that I was dead?" "Ihoped yoa were!" she gasped, as she • withdrew herself from his sustaining arm and . leaned against the wall for support She tarned cold and sick, and her limbs seemed to be giving way beneath her. " You've the old trick of saying a nasty thing whenever yon have the chance," said Le Breton vindictively. " I never cured yon of that, although I did my best. What else have yon to say Pauline mastered herself by a strong effort, \- and raised a warning hand. If yon speak so loudly yon will alarm the servants. Why are yon here at this time of \- night " That's a long story; I wanted to see yon cn the quiet, for one tnine. .Let me in." " No—not into Cicely's house." _ «' And why ' not into Cicely's honse ?'" he \- asked, mimicking her tone. " I will come in, I tell yoa ; it is too stormy a night to stay here while we talk. Out of the way; let me open the door." Pauline turned npon him sharply. " Ton will not enter this house withont Cicely's permission, Robert Le Breton. Yon are in my power at present; I am not in yours, as you seem to think. If yon force your way in I shall treat you as a housebreaker, and call the men." " Whafs np now?' growled Le Breton, evidently awakening to the reality of her opposition, and quailing beneath it. " Take care what yon say; I'm not going to stand • any nonsense. What would yon do if the men came? They would all know me to be your husband."' " I should tell them that you were a thief, and that they had better send for the police," eatd Pauline quietly. " And when the police came" "Then," die continued, onmindfol of his sneer, " I should give yon in charge for robbery and attempted murder in South Africa, on the accusation of Martin Deveril." There was a silence. Le Breton's hand fell from her arm. She knew by instinct that he was frightened, although she could not see bis face. But after a moment's pause he broke out with a savage oath. " Where did you hear that story ?" he proceeded. I heard it from Martin DeveriL" " You ? Martin Deveril! —it all ?" said the man violently. "Is Martin Deveril alive?" " Alive and welL" In England?" "Yes." te \- * Where?" Her answer came low and swift. "Twill not tell yon where, unless you agree to my conditions." . Again there was a pause. Again Pauline •felt rather than saw that Le Breton was -startled by her knowledge and by her decision." " Hang it all, Pauline," he said at last, in a tone of angry expostulation, "do you SUD- \- pose I am going to be bound by you and your . conditions because yon have _ heard some cock-and-bull story of my dealings with old Deveril ? Of course he says now that I cheated him; he would never think of telling you the price that I paid for his trumpery garnets." "Oh, yes, he did,"she answered,calmly. 4 1 You gave him a blow with a heavy stick which fractured his skull, and nearly killed him. That was the price yon paid." " It's a lie, I say. I saved his life from a gang of robbers. I don't suppose he told yon that." *' Yes, he did. If you are innocent of any assault npon his life yon will not object to be confronted with him ? Yon would be able to clear yourself in his eyes—and mine ?" "Devil take it! Where is tins man that yoa are so hand and glove with ?" "Not far away." " Where, I say?' " I will tell yon when I choose, and not before. Wait for me here a few moments; I go inside and get the key of a place where we can talk more conveniently than we are doing now. I shall not be long. He caught her thin wrist between his homy fingers. "Stay!" he said fiercely. "Do you think I shall let yon go like that? Yon won't give me the slip until you have told me all you know, my fine lady. We'll soon see which is the stronger, you or L" He squeezed her wrist with such brutal roughness that she fancied the bones would snap between his heavy fingers, but she did , not wince. She answered without a tremor in her voice and an inflection of unpitying scorn. "I am the stronger," she said, "because your safety lies' entirely in my hands. You know me of old; yon know yon could never make me utter a word that I did not choose to say. Suppose yon hart me; suppose you killed me; what then? You would go ont into the world nnwarned, and yon would fall a victim to the iury of the men who have sworn vengeance npon yon. I am the only person who can help yon; and without me : your life is now not worth twenty-four hours' purchase." Hip grasp npon her wrist relaxed. She had impressed him, yet he hardly dared to trust her. "How am I to know that you will help me, even if yoa can ¥' he asked. " Oh, yon are my husband," she answered, coolly," and althongh von have forgotten the duties of a husband, you will soon see that I have not forgotten the ^duties of a wife." C Ho swore a great oath. " If yon had not forgotten them before, I never should have left yen, Polly. I was always fond of yon" "Oh, don't let me hear any of that sickening folly again," said Pauline contemptuously. " I would rather yon said yon hated me. Let me go in. IwOl come out r to yon again in five minutes. Yon know that I shall keep my word; I don't tell lies." He let her pass, and shrank back into the dark shadow, muttering vengefully to himself. Pauline entered the honse, locked and bolted the door behind her, and then ran upstairs. She went straight to Cicely's room. Cicely was asleep. When Pauline touched her she started up, her face flushed, her eyes yet dim with slumber, her pretty brown hair lying tossed and tumbled npon her pillow like a child's. Hie sight of Pauline, standing pale and rigid at her bedside, roused her effectually. "What is it?" she said. "Robbers?' . " Lie down," said Mrs. Le Breton. " Yon peed sot get up. Robert Le Breton is here." Robert Le Breton! Trying to get in?" eaid tte girl, leaping gut of boa and seizing -her dtefifllng-gown, in spite of Pauline's attempt to quiet her. "I will send him -away. I will tell Richards and Smith to see bim off the premises." ' " That is not what I want," said Pauline, In a repressive tone. " Listen to me, Cioely. Yon need not begin to dress yourself. All that I have come for is your permission for • him to enter this honse. He need disturb -nobody—the garden-room would supply him with warmth and shelter for one night ' " Why do yon ask me? Did I not always say that he should never cross the threshold of my house?" cried Cicely, impetuously. " HOB he forced yon to come and ask me this qneBtion? Then I say, No V "Yon will not say no when you learn the circumstances. I must see him and speak to bim at once. No delay is possible." "And why not?" " I must try to get that stolen^ property away from him, and I most pnt him on his guard." What, against old Deveril ? Against Deveril and Joel Bray." " I shouldn't," said Cicely. "I should let bim get what he deserves. I would not lift ja finger to help him." You would if you were his wife. " I should if 1 were an angel—not unless I "^We are losing time, Cicely. You have Che key of the garden-room in your little iMeket. Will von let me have it ?' . Cicely turned to a „small table beside her bed, silently Vetached one of a large banohof Leys, and handed it to Pauline. "Do as you please, dear," she said, should tell him to go to the inn and ag-:»in at a proper hour to morrow man.: but I ha* e no doubt that ytu knew licit." f To be continued. J BISHOP KESKIOK'S PASTORAL ADDRESS.— £To-n" now erening Mr. M. Wood Green is kuniuDced to preach at the Church of Christy "-ote-etreet, va "ifetop Scnnion'a Pastoral 