<7"\> ' juawn Tennis. Fiill particulars of the scores of tbe recent match of thie second Bachelors v. Gregory Terrace are pub lished below, from ■which it will be seen the former gained a well-earned victory by 15 sets to 8. Great interest was manifested in the match by the ladies assembled/ whose frequent rounds of applause stimulated the players to put forth their best efforts. Scores as follows:— Sets Cohen and Cowlishaw v. Still and Robinson... ... Cohen and Cowlishaw v. Alder and •. Armour Cohen and CokHshaw v. Alder and * Illidge < Lilley and Leeper v, Still1 and Robinson... ... ... ,.k Lilley and Leepet y. Armour and Alder ...;S ... Lilley and Leeper v. an^ Fern : and Henzell vi: Robinson ^ Fern, arid Henzell. y. *Alder and • Armour Fern and Henzell B. 2 1 ■■ 2 ' 2; : 2 G. T ,■ 2 v-' ^ \- "Kf •». tit * .... •« 1 i 2, enzell v, Alder and ■" '■ illilM IWSIS ' ' Totals - If One Gogan was recently brought before the Mackay Bench in custody, on a charge of larceny. Sub-inspector Judge said that the prosecutor had failed to identify the prisoner, and that he had no case. Gogan informed the Bench' that be was arrested on a warrant which was subsequently altered, and that he had been for four^ays in gHoL The P.M. told him a gross injustice hid been done to him, and he had his remedy; then he advised Judge to be more careful, or he'd get Himself into a hole some day, to which this model policeman responded--"It can't be helped; some men have been remanded for eight days and then discharged.'' The P.M. called him to order with the remark that that was nothing to be proud of. No, nor is sub inspector Judge himself anything to be proud of. Detaining an innocent man in gaol, on an illegal warrant, too, seems a mere nothing to him. In his speech on the 12th of March in the House • of Commons, Mr. LabOuchere is reported to have said that if admirers of the House of IiTds were to visit that chamber when a great debate was on, they would see "One peer speaking to half-a-dozen others, who would sit till near the dinner hour and then vanish like ghosts." In fact, I suppose— The ghost-like peer would vanish, hobblinV And at the banquet act as gobblin'. It is stated in an English paper that the health of Sir Hercules Robinson has completely given a-Way under the strain of troubles to which he has been subjected at the Cape. A Governor and High Commissioner does not always sleep on a bed oi roses, and it is considered likely that Sir Herky will now retire from public life and will i&side; in New Zealand, for which colony )ie has always had a great liking. M. S. Smith* late of the Q.N. Bank at Charters Towers; but now translated to Brisbane, wis, on the 1st inst^ihe -recipient of handsome gold stop watch ^jdn^^;p^|iess presented) him by the Jockey, Ai|il^tic^ni|feet, Football and Lawn Tennis Clubs oi-the $ow^M,;Wh6re he was the acknowledged leader of athletic Sports. ; Dr. Bow®, lately fattens for Dr. Garde at the Maryborough. General Hospital, has been appointed, out of twenty-six applicants, to siicce^d Dr. Joseph as surgedri-superintendent of the Polynesian Hospital .in that ■ ■ The Ven. Archdeacon Plume was; before leaving Townsville on the 5th inst., presented by the organist and choir of St. James' Church in that town with a communion service of silver, accompanied by an address. " Mr. Helfenstein, on behalf of the contractor, promised Mr. Griffith a silver barrow and shovel which, however, were unavoidably not ready." Courier's report of the Premier at Cairns. A barrow for your guest, and silver too, Thai Aid not meet his dearest wishes quite j Oh, Helfenstein! had you been cute, then you Would there have dubbed proud Sam a barrow Knight. Dr. Oliver Wendkll Holmes, who is now an old man, had an experience which even the Figaro lunatic experiences, namely, that whenever he wrote a poem, the metre was always copied by some budding bard, as the Observer would say. So he wrote " The Last Leaf " and no one could copy .the metre of that. This poem, written in his early days, has only just been published, but is one of which the metre should meet a hearty reception. The batting and bowling averages of the Mel bourne Cricket Club have been published, and I see amongst them the following in batting;—PMmer, 86 20; Bonnor, 52.40; M'llwraith, 43.68; Bruce, 40; and Blackham, 34.88. This dbes not say much for' the bowling the men have had to meet, but the averages themselves are wonderful. According to the Courier's report, Ah Sam per-" formed the task of turning the first sod of the Cairns railway, and walking the plank to the entire satisfaction of the assembled navvies. 400 Chinkies and the Cairns town band, Went with the others to the railway site, The sod was turned, the navvies yowed 'twas grand— To see Sam Griffith walk the plank all right. In ancipnt tim^Sifeli pirates played a game, In which a plank;was talked;—not quite tha same: The Goondiwindi School of Arts is making rapid strides. Its latest enterprise is a lamp for the porch, which the committee had unanimously decided, ! to purchase. 