Misjudged. COHAPTER XI.-Continued. - " 'pi.irs's it is onlv a bhelie&of; yours-not a positive fact,' I replied, carelessly; disgusted at .her ..cruel levity. \ "'No, no, she said, 'Iam pret ty certain' of the truth ; and -now (with an affected sigh) I may as well tell you.' "' Perhaps,''`lI :'replied, ' sarcasti eally. 'You; don't seemý so eager about it as you were; but I'm in a virtuous frame: of :mind: this evening, and feel as if I ought to confess. Did you ever hear, oh, grave and reverend seigneur, thatiMiss Middleton had a brothber?' "' She had, but he is dead;' I answered, carelessly. "' She burst out laughing. "' Then it was: his ghost whom' I saw with her, and who you saw, for 1 heard him call her sister--his dar ling sister. Good Heavens I are you mad,Mark i' "For I had seized- her by 'the arm, and I daresay in. my..rage lookedlike a maniac, for she turned pale and shrank from me. "' I' declare I shall have to call on Orlando' for protection, already, though we havn't- heen: married an hour, Mark. 1I declare you've quite hurt me,' she said pettishly. -. ".' Hurt you ? Do you ever reflect on. the agony you :have caused 'her and me-and by one word you could have cleared' it all up?' I:replied., "I will.not repeat her answer; but: her information sent' me:flying off to England (it was at Genoa all this took place) as fast as couiid he.. Then I had .to, find the Whitfielde, who were in Scotland; and there I learned.: the truth of Sara's words. Little enough did I expect to witness whht I have, darling, nor to have the whole" story of. your brother's uon merited misfortunes laid bare before me in the way it has been." " I think I know why Sara acted as she did;" said Margaret, after- a pause. "Poor girl, perhaps I too made her suffer." ' Pahaw I darling,' replied. Mark, with a light larugh. ' The ?astello degli Alberti is quite as fine a~place as the Priory, and' the count` a far greater man in his country than I amd in mine; aid, to tell the trulh, I beheve in her way she loves him. And Lord Barringfnrd was ri ht; Sara did love the count, but a more jealous.man'iiever breathed; he was never so,happy as when alone with her in the custle far from town or city, end she often thought; with .a sigh;., how different her life was to what she had imagined it. would be. ' It's n'o pleasure to go anywhere,' she said to LadyL: Mary, who" re proached her for givin'g ·up society. ' Orlando is furious if anyone speaks to me, and when he is angiy he' is a man to -he' afraid of-besides, it makes me miserable' to quarrel with him, so I 'put up with his humdrum life for the sake of peace and;' quiet ness'. 'Ah! you should have taken my advice, you see,' sighed Lady -Mary. SI shouldn't have been a bit hap. pier; don't bother, about it,, mama; I do very well as lam.: fHush I here's Orlando I not'a'word before him.' But Lady Mary.is far from satis fied, and can only comfort herself by repeating to every one that it is quite against' her wishes that' Sara married the count, who, she foresaw, woulb make the poor dear girl miser able. Miserable or not,' however;' Sara had to put ' up with the position which she chose for herself. 