Current §foit$» The causes of human action on many im portant occasions in the history of the race have been inscrutable. Ostensible reasons for it have been assigned, yet those who were gifted with powers to enable them to look beluw the snrface have seen they were not sufficient to account for all that was done. Philosophers have averred that the great movements of society, whether among culti vated or mde people, have been due to occnlt influences, even the less potential that they were inscrutable. There seems some prospect, however, that the mystery which has hung over this subject will be in time dispelled. This will be apparent upon consideratioo of an explanation given by the French Minister of the. Colonies of an in surrection in SenegaL It opens a connection between physiology and politics which points to a new 6eld of inquiry. tie accounts for hostilities by stilting with all official solemnity, that the native chiefs 'are apt to become resUeBS every year at the commencement of the dry season.' From recent experiences in this Colony, we can quite understand how this should be the cage. A drought which diminishes the food supplies of the dusky, woolly-headed aboriginals, and brings them, perhaps, to the point of starvation, may well make them uneasy. It goes without shotting, we think, that had the people ol this Colony comprehended in any smalt degree tbe length and results of the drought which has pre vailed so long, there would have been an amount of uneasiness that might have found vent in some sort of insurrection. It is interesting to note, however, that the approach of the dry season makes the leaden of tbe people of Senegal uneasy. We hope it will have a amilM effect on the administrators of public affairs in some other tropical coun tries. There is one, at least, where tbe experiences of one dry season — or, rather, of several dry seasonB rolled into one — should make the civilised chiefs -uneasy, and lead them to nuke ample provision for the main tenance of a, tolerably healthy and prosperous state cf affairs in the future. The excitement which prevails in all minds over the Irish quertum received a novel stimulus by the news that Lord Wobeley aud Lord ObarlesBerarfprf, would, in tbe event of a separate Parliament being declared Tor Ire land^ throw in their lot with the Ulster loyalists, and help them to resist the innova tion wbidi they so much , dread. Recent events, however, in the'pbUtical world have shown us there is bnt little fear such' an emergency will arise, -at least for the present ; and one and all will rejoine that there will be no necessity for that last resource, whieh would have plunged the most flourishing counties of Ireland into all tbe miseries aba horrors of & civU ^ar. 'Opuuon seems divided as to whether the rumour was authorised; but the half-hearted denial made by the authorities in tbe House, of Commons, when questioned whether. Lord Wolseley in purpose, warranted what m at Gnt a breath of a whisper beingbruited to tbe four eomersof the; globe. No doubt astonishment was created at the grim, calculating, cool-headed Sir Garnet of yore throwing in his* lot with the dashing hero of the Navy, Lord Charles Beresford. Of the former it was hardly to be expected ; of the latter, those who followed the history of the Soudan War —initiated with the bombardment of Alexan dria, wbere he performed such an exploit as wan him laurels—cannot be astonished Kt any deed of derring-do with which this officer would connect himself. And although some may regard the rumour as a lively fable, created m the brain of one who may be sifted with more imagination than sense, it is basad upon what may be termed a certain amount of historic consistency. The two pseudo leaders of the loyal rebellion, of which Ulster is to be tbe heart, are hereditary representatives of the nobility of Ireland. The great family of the Beresfords were in days of yore supreme in their native county, Waterford ; while the founder of the historical fortunes of the Wolseleys was the stout colonel who defeated King James' army at the battle of Newton-Butler. At the present moment it would be ab&nrd; to enter upon the con sequences which snch a desperate under taking would bring upon the heads of those concerned, whether or not they were fighting for ' God and the Queen ;' aud it is to be earnestly desired this momentous auestion will be settled once for all, without bringing about the fearful carnage und political degradation— this time with a fresh centre— which followed the historical ' Wars of the Roses.' I-' the enlightened days of the Nineteenth Century one may be forgiven for having en tertained the notion that ghosts and ether imaginary creations had long long Bince been consigned to scientific oblivion. But a New York paper is responsible — among Btnidry fables of the easy going, never-tell-the-truth-if ycu-can-help-it style — for the following, ivhicu will or will not gain credence, according to the amount of intelligence people are iriftea with. In the middle of the night in the month of February, four middle-aged women Mid two men— the latter merely to perform the mechanical portion of the work, however, — entered tbe churchyard of the B^mnw Catholic Cemetery at Birmingham, and pro ceeded to disinter the remains of a beauti ful young woman, who had been buried % few days previously. They w«re aot mere bod£ ? snatchei-s, but were ictuated by a spiritual enthusiasm, which has u often led others with more enlightenment into grievous errors. The lid was forced off the coffin, and then the object of their mid light task was revealed. The four women— including the mother of the corpse— rapidly ran their fingers through tbe grare-dotha, and then with needle and thread the shroud was sewn ftp. Once more the Ud was fastened on, and — for the last tame, let us hope ? the coffin was lowered to its proper resting place. The reason for their repulsive fouJr is as extraordinary as one can possibly conceive. By what may be termed a careless oversight, the ahrond had been pinned instead of sewn ; and the women, being of a superstitions nature, beliered if the corpse waa buried in that manner the soul— by what process is not explained— would be confined to the grave for all eternity. One of the women claimed to have seen the ghost of the girl for three uc cessive nights ; and conceiving its appear ance to be the result of the pins, and unable to stand it any longer, she consulted her friends, and the result was their aoc 