EARLY EX7PLORATION iN VEST?L' fN A USTRJALIA. -4----- Now that such a rush is being made for the Kimberley diggings by persons of all classes from this and the adjoining colonies, the following interesting account of Camden Harbor, which was published in a recent number of the IVestcrn Mail (Perth, W.A.), by " Bucolic," cannot fail to be of interest, as it concerns the explorations of an almost forgotten expeditions which left these shores many years ago for the new El Dorado. The expedition consisted of many gentlemen well-known in this district, but unfortunately it was not attended with the isuccess it deserved, as will be slhown in the subjoined extract;:- "Following close upon the settlement of IRoebuck Bay came that of Camden Hlarbor, which had been explored many years before :by Sir George Grey,' who wrote in ri?ptures of its capabilities as a pastoral country; while Dr. Martin, who visited the district in 1862; also described it as the finest coun try in Australia. Acting upon those re ports, a Mr. William Harvey, of Melbourne, who possessed an iulmaginative brain, con edited the idea of floating a company to colosiise the distant land. Accordingly. `pamphlets were issued in the imost tempt ing form showing the advantages to be gaindd on joining the Camnden liarbor Piistobral Associaltion-capital £20,000, in two hundred shares of £100; and showing how each holder of five shares shoulld be eistitled to a run of 100,000 acres, 200 sheep, and twelve months provisions. The bait was too tempting to be resisted, and in a short time the shares were thken up and a board of directors appointed; three vessels were chartered to take stock and share holdeis to the promised land. 'the com pany,.;comprised a strange mixturc--e painters, plumbers, slaters, saddlers, and I may say that all trades furthest removed from stock raising were wUellrepresented. They lihad a doctor and clergjyman to attend to the bodily and spiritual wants of the settlers, but not a shoemaker, blmcksmith, or carpenter in the company. Thie hoard of management consisted of the parson, a saddleal, fi slater, a miner, and only one mna who had any knowledge of, stock, and whli in con'sequence; held a 'very unednviable position; 'and this gentleman .?Mr .T. O; Murray, now of Colac, Victoria; gained the goodwill of the whole coimunity by his exertions for the geiicrl svelfare. On the 10th November, 1864, the barque Stag sailed. from Hobson's Bay. with the first contingent,' and, 'after, a.good; passage, reached Camden Harbor on the 13th De cember. The-bay itself- is a fine sheet of water, tlie dntraice to'whickl isaserlentiini e passage about half -a mile wide, between high cliffs, with nine' fathoms.water in the channel. The anchor was dropped before sunset and shortly ifterwards natives were seen d.ancing around their fires on Augustus Islhnd. ,Early next morning the captain of the b5aqtie With' several passenge'rs made for the shore to' seekk a 'landing place for stock and to find some of the many streams of waiter which they were led to believe emptied themselves into tihe bay, but after a fruitless walk of several hours duration in a tropical sun the searchers were obliged to return to the boats in an aldiostt famished condition. The matter now bore a serious aspect for tIhere were only three tanks of water on board, and as the hills around the harbor had recently been swept by a bush fire there was no grass to be seen. In this strait a party consistinog of E. T. Hooley, A. IP'Rae, C. Lerdue, and T. Ellwood volunteered to, make a pedestriaitrtoir' inland and search for watir, anl i; " time was of the greatest importance the little hand at once started, taking some ship's biscunit and a gallon of 'waters in a billy canvas water bags had not then been in vented. After walking all nighllt the Glenelg River was sighted at daybreak, but the hlgh hopes with which the thirsty travellers hastened to its shores were dashed to the giround by the discovery that. the water. was" salt,' being' within the influefice of the tides; whith hesre have F rise Of thirty five feet. After several: hours unsuccess ful search for Water'the little band, weary and footsore, .began their return journey toethi ship, and, after triavelling five miles;' Mr. Ellwood cried oit that he could go no further, and advised his companions to leave him to hIis fate. This of course was ouit of the, question, so the party remained under 'the' slhde of somie sm all trees until sunset, sufferiiig snch pangs of thirst as 'can only be experienced in a tropical climtuate in December, poor Ellwood occasionally crying out in Ihis agony-" I wish I had Sir George Grey here or Dr. Martin, would'nt I wring their necks, Ac." . Wifth some difficulty the poor fellow was induced to make another start, and after walking a quarter of a mile a nice pool of delicious water was discovered surroundel: by drooping" palms. "'After drinking freely the water was pronounced tihe finluest in tlhe world. The. return jonrney to the harbor was then accom plished awithout 'further mishap. IHere they learned that' Mr. T. C. Mnurray had discovered a good spring only' half a mile froin the blaceh to which the stock was taken. The Helvetia, another of the coni iany's stock ships, arrived on the 21st, and the Calliance on the 25th December. Very few sheep had'been'lost on the voyage, bunt the latter vessel entered the port with her ensign at half-mist, and 'it apipearied: that one of the shareholders had died thit morn ing in sight of hlad. 'A's the sheep were landed they were taken to M?uiray's spiin'g and from thence to a creek fire ulile'i luick where water iald' onule old food had been discovered, buntnot before several hnndred siheep hld 'died' of poison onn the burnit round. Tlhis poison plant wasai never dis covered-and is unaknown td the present day. After a few weeks lieasy rains seti in and in ia short time the whole connts-y, hicehl consists of trip 'rock; w-is thickly covered with green graiss, :hiut of a liard wiryy nature nd ldestiotute of nitsimeit. Voroy 'fe; natives wa.ee seei brit' on 'doe occasion three of tile blhcks attackedd foun white meil and the forlmer hiad the best of the encounter.' In faiels 1865b the baitqie Tien Tsin arrived, brnsing Mr. R. 'J. Sholl as ReSident'MagistI'ate with a lard' staff of saurveyors, police, plieonsionerss sc: By' this time most of the company, hd come to the conclusion that the cobunitry 'ws msuitasble for shecp and had resolved t:' leave by: the first gp.oi turoiby : The' icceddqg ly oharteiled the spare deck roo~i of theTien Tsin for the sum of £350, fi'?-i ing 'their own provisions, arid by 'tliiLt chauce fifty three out of the original party of eighty-four ' took ": their 'departure sadder and wiser s men "'I: r0f;the remaininsg shareholders several had died suddenly frono suistisoke : and- ther' camwses, bhilst a few remisned to e'ulilm'o the county furthe' illind, tid cugglngat tl itter tblat fisetelass bushman Ie r. , a?? ['ae, s whosubsequently with the late le..T. Shell made an interesting trip to the vicinity of Collier Bay, during which trip better country was passed over. lftoer soee months the settlement was abaudoned, the country havinn been found to ho quite unfit for sheep. Thlere is not a particle of herbage and no top feed of any k!ind, consequently sheep kept on this coarse granss only, pine awray and die. After being about five uootlhs In~ the district [r. 8!ills hlad a serious encounter wititiihe blaclks, who had for some weeks kept his camp in suspense owing to darinms thefts carried out nighlt after night un1dcr the nose of the sentry. Boats were fro quently stolen from tlheir moorings, and on one occasion the gig was ;almusred to us anvil and considered to be quite s:fc, ibut, to the slrprise of the sentry, when day broko he fonnd that boat anud anvil 1had disappeacred. A few days afterwards Mr. Sholl with his son T'revor. P. C. Gee, and to' other white men started in the long boat in search of the missing gig, and whilst sailing down George Water, between Augustus Island and the nmain, natives were descried on the latter making friendly signs. M1r. Shell bore op in response to thsle signals, ibut no srooner had the boat neared the shore thnu they were saluted with a shower of spears, one of whlich struck poor Gee in the slhoulier, givin: him a dangerous rwound. 'I his darins atta:ck took the boat party iquite by sur prise, and although a few pistol shots were firh'ed in replyl, tley were ielifective. In tile lcanultise tile )oat was I;!i..e1d oif mud after sailing rosild a pclnt it was decided !o ;llour,,l and att'end to tile wounded Uman, lwho was in great :painl. But here again disaster awaitd thillem, for no sooner did thile ainchor taki t l,hd than the current, which ruls thlroulgh this passage like a sluice, took the boat bows qudeir lnd in ten seconds sohe we.nt to the bottom, lear ing the helpless crew to battle with the fierce current. Mr. Sholl and his son clung to a water beaker, one of the crew (Coffee), a good switmmer, keeping with them, whilst the wounded policeman held on to an oalr and unluaged to land on a small island. The other poor fellow went down with the boat and vas never seen after. In the imeastiste DMr. Shell and his son were carried outt seawards, nothing but a small water beaker between them and eternity. Their case indeed seemed hole less, for, should they escape the sharks with which these waters albound, they must eventually lose their fragile support from sheer fatigue, or should they succeed in working their way out of the current to the main land they would meet death at the hands of the natives. MIr. Shell now directed Coffee to leave them and try and reach the island on which Gee hald landed, which he succeeded in doing. As Coffee was leaving his companions Mr. Shell directed his son, who was 'a strong swim mer, to accomplany him and save himself, but the reply of the noble young man was: " No, father, I will remain and share your fate, whatever that may be and if we must die we will die together." After floating at the mercy of the waves for four hours they were brought shorewards again by the turn of the tide and at last reached the main land in an exhausted state, about twelve miles from the camp, for which, after a short rest, they started. 'The whole night was spent in travelling, and at 9 o'clock next morning they staggered into camp, weary, footsore, and famished, look ing more like ghosts than live men, Mr. Sholl carrying a crooked stick in his belt in imitation of a revolver as some slight show of protection should they fall in with natives. Great was the joy of those in camp to see their chief return; all had given'liim up for lost owing to the report of Coffee, who managed to reach camp the preceding evening, having left the wounded constahble oi the island, where I may say thitt the poor fellow died before he could be got off. These two sad deaths threw quite'a glooni' ovr the camp which was not easily shaken off. After spending about eight'months in the district the soettlcment was abandoned and Mr. Shell and party removed further south to thelicol Bay settlemeut, where, for many years, he did good servied and dmcbmanded the respect of all classes in that prosperous settlement. Although unfitted for sheep, I have no doubt that some- day the district will prove richli inh-iineiisl. i Yrerjgioodi specimens of copper were found just above high water mark, naidI tsholdnotb bhd t atll 'suii'prised to hear that gold has been discovered in that vicinity. 