THE HEWBCABHET HAGS. f Continued.) . HAViKo'disposed of the mostdangerons batches of the majority of those stables which have more than one horse engaged in the. Newmarket Handicap, 1. will -treat tbobtice indmanally, joSd ; ' " ir loolred ' amongst the top weightS.' TS son of Slanderer is partial to the distance, invariably jainps well away ofi the mark, and takes a lot -..of catching. Irralce has a good outside show. Honexdew (8st. 9lb.) was one of the first horses backed for this race, but I believe the stable, so far, has not a pennypiece on him, and it is just on the cards that the big son of Goldsbrough will not pat in an appearance this autumn. If started, I know of few horses in the race likely to heat him. The Ghost (8st. 71b.) ran a good mile at Flemington last winter, carrying 8st. 61b., and beating Plausible.- Since then his performances have been anything but brilliant, and I have no liking for him in the Newmarket Handicap. Seahobse (8st."71b.) has no chance if his Standish Hate running he true. William Tell (8st. 61b.) has a long list of up-country wins to his- credit, and, on his recent running, should finish 'close up, but I am afraid he has five or six pounds too much weight. Winning the Haymakers' Handicap at Moonee Valley has cost him the -Newmarket Handicap. Watebloo (8st 4lb.) pulled up so lame when Solo beat him at Flemington that his chance of winning a Newmarket must be very remote. ' Bis Bis (8st. 41b.) will win a four-fur long race someday, but three-quarters of a mile under 8st. 41b. is beyond 'her tether. St. John (Sst.) will be held safe by Islander. Duwlop (8st) is very well jnst now, and on his All-Aged Stakes running, in '84, most finish close np wherever TJralla gets. Cebisb and Blue (7st. 13lb.) is a game, honest mare, but has seven pounds too muoh to win with. Nafieb (7st. 121b.) is one of the best treated horses in the race. With two pounds morc on his hack, as a three- year-old, he ran second to Chuckster in the ..Standish -Plate. Since then the weight has been eteadily peeled off him, andashe'ishow asked to cany twelve pounds less than he was apportioned in the nUM-Moe -lost year, -thxs'son of King Cole has nothing to fear from|nine- tenths Of those left in the race. ' Bsstus (7st. 8lb'.) came so fast at the finish of the. Victorian Club Cup that I fancy staying is his -forte, in which case ne would, be more likely to earry off the. Australian Cup, in which he has eleven pounds less to carry. Taepeia (7st. 71b.) a fall, sister to Bemus, lias b great reputation for speed amongst her own party, bnt I am afraid she . is -likely to turn out another ' Con jecture. Euboclvdon (7st. 5lb.) has been, win ning races in New South Wales under aU-sorte jof weights,- and in good'time. He is a handsome son. of Hamlet ont. of Zephyr, and, 'as some very clever Sydney He worth following! , ' \ !"m ' SpLDiBBa' Wind-t fullbrbQier to thp last hprse— ;I know nothing abont. So far he does not appear to have started in public. - . Cauda <7sk 51b.)' is a daughter of St. Albans, who has yet to make hbr dibit. ' Gabdenia (7Bt 41b.) will be one of my selections for tbis race, providing she stemds her ' final .. preparation. A fine miring, mare, with beautiful action, Gardenia meets Solo oh' nearly a stone' and- a half better 'terms than when he beat , her at -Flemington and ' if a rank outrider wins this year's Newmarket Handicap, 'twill he this daughter of Ku&tiwBing.; v \- 'T ' ffi'-be tyntinued-l .. 