TRAINING NOTES. FLKMIXGTOK. Satcrday. Being Caul field Guinea* day, little of importance was ex|>ected to be executed, and although there were four or fire first-class ep'ns, in the majority of cases medium exercise was the order of the morning. Honeybee was amongst the first to go stronger than the ordinary by putting in an excellent mile and a quarter. Idatia spun along the last three furlongs In tOsec. Isononn was despatched about a tulle and a Half at three-quarlerp&ce;, moving very freely. Lady Carringion ana Our Boy schooled over the big jumps, acquitting themselves creditably. The Plunger ana Metal put iu a sterling round, winding op by coming himc the last five furlongs in Ira. Os. Lord Wilton and Hie Levite traversed a mile in lm. 64a; the former is throwing off his lameness. Commotion was given three improving circuits of the tan, where Xluulop strode along very stoutly, and Newatead was treated to long slow work. Scvlla was sent throe mile* 011 the tan,,the last two at strong three-quarter speed. Trojan spurted a fart hall mile. Ringmaster and First rriuce covered a mile in lm. 60Ja, Lady Bell being also given sound work on the sand. St. John, Cyclop*, and Genoe took lm. 64ja to negotiate a mile; St John, who finished some lengths away.appearing to move .rather sluggishly. Hexham and Monte Chrlsto were given a couple of improving turns on the outer rink, the former having fats com panion in trouble when the pace was livened up in the run home Sedition scampered fire f urionga in lm. 8a During the previous afternoon P. Babies Bad arrived from Sydney, bringing with Win Silver King, Minerva, Goldlake,Brown and Rose, BuiTilda.and Halcyon. Vie four first-named were cantering quietly oh the aanfi. Tarpela rattled along the tan at three-quarter pace, and The Pencil was given long slow exercise on the eatne going. Huntingtower and Oceana swung nicely round in company, Miranda being restricted to a gentle canter. Blackthorn and Chorister were given someusefulwork. Hokday. . Another off morning, but the appearance of First Consul in the areua stirred matters up a little. Sow ever, a quiet canter was all he was indulged fan St. John am) Genoe covered a mile and a halfrthe latter finishInginfront,and the last eight f uriongs beingnogo tleled In lm. 52s. Blairgowrie showed evident signs of lameness as he moved round, the result oi injuring bis sheath whilst proceeding to Caulfleld On Friday. The Plunger and Metal, swung twloe round the rand, coming home' the last hslf mile in GTeea Miranda,: Oceana, and Huntingtower came along comfortably threo furlongs in 48£sea Straight Shot was sent on the tan at half paoe, Commotion being treated to throe turns on the same going, the last at an im proved pace. Trenton and Fernandas brushed along merrily the last mile of three on the tan. Trident was not sent out of a canter. Aberdeen and Lava spun along thron furlongs in evens. The Levite and Lord Wilton were despatched what purported to baa mile and a half journey, but after traversing five fur longs in lui. |i. Lord Wilton dropped to thenar, and the brother iff Croswlok running as strong as a lion parsed the mile aud a quarter in 2m. 18Js., and wind-' ing up another two funongs in 28seo., completed a very sound goliop over the Oaulfield Cup dlstanoe in 2in, ifijs, Tabard, The Fobber, Erie, Bunilfla, JBUver King, Goldlake, Brown and Rose, Aglaos, Opal, Bound, Fair PJay, Oaloola, Blackthorn, and ahoeTp! others wen exercising dfoingthejnorptng, but'did nothing epecWJy worthy of reoord. Intheafteraooi Trawler, Mum, and Kecutefcen did some inuu «nb v • - Toesdat. . Hheroww.pot a pupieroui attendance of onlookers fehi ^jbw^the ;^jwxtmity oftig OTa^erel^.UtVe, U snytoingl^'^o^^^^So sition, anil from (tic coiiiuu-tii'i-meiil of operations till the summons lo the matutinal meal, watch holders hod little to do. Kupertswood anil Menotti were It rat out, Yceud Bending tho pair a canter on the sand. Fish o' .-siber und first Consul appeared Inter, and were given useful striding work. Hogmanay worked slowly on the tan ; \v 11i st lluftis and Sedition tlid throe-parts paec work ; and Ormonde spurted half a mile on the sand. I.esbia was sent on to the course, witli Margrave for a com panion, and the little mare, who is very well, ought to have a show for the Caulfh'M Oup, She strode along in a very taking style, and pulled up sound as a hell. HemtiS Hnd C\ clops went a mile and a half eat lop, The Baron performing the duty of pilot in the run home, and in so marked a fashion that Itcmus was left length's behind. Mr. Fennclly began the morning's work with Tamarisk and Volcano, who were indulged, Pontifcx and Sumatra cantered and spurted, and Abcrdecu and tara had a fast Ave fur longs. Trident and Monlc Cliristo were the next pair to put in an appearance, Ellis having the mount on the Derby and Cup favourite, and Hales on the grey horse They cantered at the outset; and supple mented it with a strong one.- round, after which a Booond circle was alternated with cantering and spurting. Hexham, who is better lilted every morning, executed a useful thrcc-quirter pnoa gallop, and one of these days may be ex pected to show the touts something really good. Burrilda ran a strong mite and a half, and Abydos, along with Miranda, accomplished a fast five furlongs very smartly, f-cyila and Liberty went round the tan track in good style, while Don Giovan and Dancing Master galloped six furlongs. Silver King cantered, which was the preliminary "for his withdrawal from the Oaulficld Cup. Halcyon, of the same team, was given a miie and a quarter at three parts speed, whilst Brown and Rose, in company with Minerva, galloped a mile and a half strongly. The i'lunger and Metal were despatched for * a fast mile, and the first-named at the finish was a long way in front. Trenton did useful work Willi Orator, and the veteran Commotion bowled a'ong tf»e (an track with something like his old-time freedom. Aglaos and Tarpcia worked on the tan, and Umbra wound up with a fast spin. St, John, Genoe, and Ailander went a fast gallop round the sand, before the conclusion of which the last-named beat a ret reat. Chcsham and Fernandez did a capital half-mile spurt, the former gaining the honours of a KUsec. record. Yetman exercised on the tan, and Hortense spun ovor three furlongs like a swallow. Jebusite and Patience it. » f.mt. three furloncrs." and Duoiop was given two round* on the tin at three-quarters |>ace, where Sardius and Honeycomb did tliree circles. Huron and Murmur galloped five furlongs, while Lord Wilton was restricted to long exercise on the tan. Bedouin and Citadel came home fast, and Ring master and First Prince did a useful extender on-the outer track, Islander striding round the tan. Isonomy, looking hearty and well, commenced with a canter, and conoluiled with a smart gallop. Perhaps and Probation went slowly, and Kcwetead was indulged similarly, on the tan. Harridan and the brother to Trojan 'cantered on the sand, and the remainder of Wilson's team exercised. Albert toddon and Yule Cake came home fast, and a number of hurdleracers and steeplechasers were on the tracks, doing unimpor tant work. Wednesday. The quietest morning's work that has been executed on the training-tracks for weeks, not a single gallop of importance taking place. First Consul and Fish o' Silver strode along as stoutly as anything, but they did not travel beyond three-quarter pace. The only noticeable absentee was Blairgowrie. The rain yester day had made the sand track a little heavy, but nothing to speak of. Commotion was striding aiongon the tan at half-pace, and The Pencil, in company with Opal on the track inside the course proper, moved along as though be had quite recovered the effects of his recent break-away, isonomy in sweaters worked fire times round the ten. Two other South Australian horses, llatlarat and Affluence, looking very well, exercised moderately. Besides these Hogmanay, Ail Qold, Lesbia, Hargrove, King's Son, Chesham, Remus, Cyclops, Liedertafel, Oceana, Huntingtower, Halcyon, Trenton, Fernandez, Baron, Vasco, Scvlla, Brown and llose, Minerva, Tamarisk, Volcano, Pontife.x, Orator, Kit Nubbles, Sardius, Huron, Silver King, Lady Car rin»ton, Goldlake, Acme, Aberdeen, Sumatra, Trident, Hexham, Monte Christo, Esperance, Jessica, {Islander, Jebusite. Refusal, Lara, Newstead, Hor tense, Harridan, Apneas, Lord Wilton, Tabard, Ring master. First Prince, Eve, Lady Bell, EL Julian, Satyr, Perhaps, Probation, Fairjday, Caloola, Bur rilda, Essie, Honeybee, Buckley, Plausible, and a' host of others were given useful exercise. Mad delina. having thrown off all Sgns of'her previous morning's lameness, and st John quite pleasing the ' fancy by the style in which he bounded round tltc tan in advance oi AUander and Co. Thursday. The attendance was very fair this morning -in ex pectation of witnessing some Cup gallops, but little or no excitement prevailed. Mr. & G. Cook was first at work, and he sent Remus and some others of his team out for striding exercise. Don Uiovan and All Gold performed • good six furlongs, which they, covered in lm. 21s. First Consul and Fish o' Silver went a strong mile and a half; but the time was no thing to boast of. Tarpeia galloped around on the tan in good style. Abydoe and Miranda fairly distin guished themselves in a spin over five furlongs, or. more plainly sneaking, the palm must be awarded to the filly, who recorded lm. CJe., a very good gallop, as the going was somewhat heavy. Sumatra and Pontifex spurted three furlongs in good style ; but Lava and Aberdeen, of the same party, covered five furlongs in lm. Ss., one of the best spins seen for some time over the Maribyniong Plate distance. Vol cano, Acme, and Tamarisk were simply exercised; but Trident and Monte Christo were desjiatcbed on a Diile and a half Journey, which was not "dono in par ticularly good time. Attbeclosc.too, tbecraok appeared to be rather iatnc; at all events, there was a general j wove towards the sheds to verify the assumption, and opinions were divided thereon. The Baron went a i Circle of the tail in lin. 66s., and Huntingtower, along j with Oogjna, spun over five furlongs in smart time. Burriida and Sliver King were given a gallop of seven furlongs at three- pans speed, at the conclusion of whioh the former was unfortuatoly found to have ruptured an artery. Qoidlake galloped a mile on the ! tan track, and St. John and Allander were ordered on to the course, and rattled over a mile and a ball in fair style as regards the first-named, though ex ception was taken as to the way in whioh he finished. Cbesbam and Orator galloped a useful mile and a quarter, but Blairgowrie was not dotvn till the after noon, and then only exercised. Trent >n and Fer nandez galloped twice round the tan,the New Zealand-: bred horse affording evidence* of a reassuring oharao-i tor. and in all probability Lamond will work wonders i in tunieretheV.U,C.8pringMeeting. LordCarrington'e1 brace of youngsters, Jesrfoa and EsperanoMoUowed by Vetuian. had easy exercise. The Levlto accomplished an excellent mile gallop; and Commotion'bowled round the ton twloe. Isonomy galloped at three parts speed, and the two year olds Perhaps end Pro batiou spurted half a mile, tbgee furlongs of whldh wen covered in the smart time of fiSsec. The Fend! went a mile and a half nicely, and then all watches were set on (he Caulfield <Xip horse islander, who was sent along by himself round the sand track. Very soon it was evident that the grey son of Countryman was making fast time, and at intervals something akin to astonishment was erinoed. The total for tire Journey was 2m. filjiu, one of (he most genuine rounds that has been seen for eomc time, the more so tint the horse was qfr the outer going of the traok. He had plates off) however. Anyhow, If Islander will onjy do (hej^me In the Oao}|aj| ©up :a surprise may be in stem. A number ot;otherjb owes did useful work during the morning, inclusive of the Messrs. Forrester1*,•bcdonald'S, and Wilsonh teams. CA-UIiFLELD, Tcesdat. This morning opened with a strong north wind. Mr. Leek was on the around with his horses soon after 6 o'olook, but tbey meroly cantond and trotted on the sand and tan tracks. Highland Chief indulged in a center, and .(hen he Jumped off and ran a strong gallop opoe found the running track outside the hurdles (whioh Is one mile and a quarter »nd 4 obaim).. Blondln Joined him attbe mile poet, and the gallop ^coupled fim. 28a, or about i. ise- for the mllo *na u quarier. Mr. Oonolly sunt Lady, Aahton with Hu Lower on (he sand twloe round for good strong wojfc. Geraldlnp and Bonnie Led alsoaooomnlldiedaoapltal gal/op on the same back twice round (about 2 miles) Carnarvon, Meleagrida, and Eugenie bru&ed; along smartly over flvcqrel* lurfongs. Loulse JBerta, Lord Button, and ofben,of tiiotoam, wen atotering. NewmAtter moved onpe round tire turf for a netful ttrldtaggwlon; : Hag* hunter and Utile dim were doing some medium-uaos exercise. Ben Bolt, titer oaotenng(with 1L O'Brien up)weatdowntetiu«ndof ihe straight, andtirode along fora woWflgttllap. ;9m>ksw^Jqhm|im>^ mime (nUe.p " wfaeahewHj »Jsi ■■ " gueti once were sot.f Sf Lovcll vv oit rt sharp gallop over halt a— anon wa« doing some good pace le- Vlit. Mild ; hut Faithful, with Chicago. onlv Au «« work. Vmberto and Pocahontas strode »wtnc4'1'ai rand (or sonic lirwk pace work aiS was also exorcising there. ' \\\w„J0w% over a utile st throe-quarter mill Naming, Lamlo, Warfield. Anerchv ?!< Bn4 Sussex colt wore each striding alani'io, f<»r useful exorolse. 8t. Albert and ClarenA fr4,» Doyle up) and Young Horatio wore dam Wit, capital work on the turt tor a circle, and mILS®* performed useful exercise on the tan track»n a ton, Toronto, and Haveloek were treated tZtJSr* exercise. Hence was striding his hortca »SetJte good pace on the sand and tan. They tncl2 Vand, Berkeley, First Pop. Footman, ^ Long had Costus and Alexandra at work p 1"' being an absentee. The Messrs. Moras wW V.«mas nn tltft ist ...I ^ round Long had Costus and Alexandra at work i being an absentee. The Messrs. Uotaa lL ,„, horses en the ground, ot whom jC and Little John cantered twice tounrf turt. These horses went a working gallon on m Ji morning over a mile and a hall. King ot the & and the t.hrive-vear.blil brother in i three-year-old brother to UttSo John others ot tlielr respective teams, were exercWr,^ the tan. Moonlight and Mustang did somSS work on the same track. Mr. Held's horses wK indulged with a canter. Later on MlllstfcJlS The Crane appeared, and they were set going (m , gallop over tho oourse, The Ghost f0y„J them at the mile, and he led the ft horse along at a rare pace, the time tcSf tared (or the round from Hie Judge's box detX 2m. 28s. Grace Darling and<3adfly thencstneoK | the track, and they ran a mile tor a strong Ban™, i„ Int. 614«. Ruby, after working on the sand, met over the big timber; and Camerine, with Day star 1 ran six or seven furlongs right-handed at three-msi speedj going gaily. Several ol Jones's hotsct were working. Dougalston and Goodwood running a counle ot times round the sand at three-parts speed, MlaBIa and Epicurean worked mildly in company, finisbiou home at three-quarter speed for three furlongs, and, Delamia bowled along for a nice working gallop once round the sand. Lizette was on the same track doing I preparatory work. Violet and others id Jones's were cantering. Empress, with Hot Iron, accomplbhtd some striding work over a mile. Crown Brand mi Land Shark ran over five furlongs at a fast pace, A number ot others were on the various tracks doing medium exercise during the morning. Julian Giav and Nectarine, In company, cantered, and Lord oj the Manor was sent for two steady rounds on tic sand. Caulfield, up to now, must fairly elainfniw*1";.. as a place of attraction for visitors to t& SlP grounds. This is easily explained, however X many of the Cup candidates arc located here K was a large gathering of onlookers this morning Z the early birds were soon provided with ■ reflection, in that Little John and Jim Cain werelrt °u,t to tiy conclusions. Their mission was the 5 field Cup journey, and on making the bend iorhnmi Little.John bad so clearly the best of it uhS him with a bound to the front rank of the favoS so soon as there was an assemblage at sportinei™?, in town. Bonnie Lad and Urd SuttonTnffi gallop, and Highland Chief worked similarly acorn" panted part of the journey by Blondia. Newmuter was joined at intervals by Little Jim and Gaskmer for a round of the turf. After Pocahontas and Urn berto bad strode round the sand track, the Cup hone. Ben Bolt, came out, with Chuckster as a After cantering, the pair started off for a round and when Chuckster retired, War-field took his place' the time bcins^ 2m. 23s. Western did some good three parts pace work for about a mile. $The Cup favourite hilvcrraine next engrossed attention, Along with The Chanter, lie,' for a preliminary, cantered round, when the real work commenced, Bonnie Doon now joking in for a strong gallop. The Chanter having retired in the straight, Sirocco roplaoed him, and the trio then ran home, Silvermino doing the round in 2m.21i The two year olds Lady Lovel and Glentworth covered four furlongs in SSsec., and Cadland and Berkeley did five furlongs fast. Bohemian strode round the ton, and Hia Mia. spurted half a mile. Grace Darling ac companied the Cup horse Millstream, and a fast round was easily accomplished In 2m, 22,1a, the son ot Diver pullitig up fresli and well. Zeno strode trecly round the turf going, and The Ghost and Gadfly rent a fast six furlongs; whilst Nectarine and Carnival were given a strong gallop of half a mile, limy horses did useful and unimportant work during the morning. BALLARAT, Monday Monxixc. Ferguson's horses were firston the track,and Native, Michael,and NighUight went three-quarter pace trice round. Recall and Braoeman were despatched for a good gallop, one mite and a half, Fallon riding Re call. who had a good bit to spare. T. Wilson's horse, Sheet Anchor, Britisher, and Coronet, exercised steadilv once round, then galloped three-quarters oh oiile, Sheet Anchor finishing in front Game and Oaltlelgh went three-quarter pice tmoc rouniA couple of tw o war olds did nice steady work. we rest of the string trotted. 6ir Lauooelot, Blue Moun tain, The Ace, and Norfolk trotted twice round. St Louis cantered twice round by himself, and spurted for the last half mile. Tuesday Mosktw, Recall and Bracemsn were treated to a round at three-quarter pace, when Kecall picked up a teuu, and the pace was iniproved. Becallrunningarraylrom the colt. Norfolk and Blue Mountain were: teated to steadv work- The Acc wont slo*. Inrolventf brothorand a First King filly eEllop^ ome rourir a smart pace, the First King tidy the two. The rest of Scobic a exerei^d doriy r guson came next with Native and Michael, u ho were fSrt twice round. Ni^tiigbt tfott d tfti^roiitw T. Wilson's Game, Britisher^ oak year old trotted. Sheet Anchor, Coronet, and Ua jeigh went once round at three quarter woe, then strode along for another round. Tire rot Wilson's horses were walking 