THOUGHT READING. To the Editor of the Evening PennyU Post. SIn,--I read the report of Mr. Sugden's lecture on the above subject, and also the correspondence which has since appeared in your columns, and was somewhat amused by the attempt made by that gentleman in his lecture to throw dust in the evyes of the publio by telling a lot of cook and bull stories about ghosts, and what he calls the Physical Society, whose labours truly must be of a very onerous char acter if they investigate every rubbishy ghost story lthat goes the rounds among to ignorant and un tlinlking multitude. Previous to Mr. Sugden's lecture I was one of those who believed "thought reading" to be a gift akin to second sight or the mesmnoric trance; but since then I have found good reason to change my opinion, for, by following out the slight hiut given in the concluding part of his lecture, I began experimenting on my own account, and am now reckoned to be a very tolerable "Thought Reader" by a select circle of friends. But, Sir, you will scarce credit me when I tell you that in the course of my investigations I discovered the astounding fact that the so-called " science" of "Thought Reading" was nothing more or less than a more trick akin to sleight-of-hand, and could be learned by almost anyone after one or two experi ments! It is, I may say, almost too simple to require telling, and consists in the fact that it is the medium who does the work, while the "Thought Reader" merely follows the impulse he receives through contact with the medium. In this way it is the medium who "discovers " the locality of the hidden pin, writes on a blackboard (does not "tell," as some persons erroneously suppose) the numbers of a bank note, and indicates the characters in a mimic tragedy. Like all tricks, when you come to know it nothing can be more simple; but one must experiment in order to find out how it is done, otherwise he will remain in the state of profound and unquestioning belief so suitablofor the professional thought-reader's purpose, which is to make money out of the gullibility of the British public. Allow me to set you right in one point in your remarks under the head "Siftings" in your Tuesday's issue. In these remarks I am afraid you show that you have not considered the subject sufficiently before committing yourself to so strong an expression of opinion as that with which you close the article, viz.:--There is not a shadow of suspicion but that an idea, fixed in the mind of the medium by a powerful exercise of the will, is "read" by the "professor." Instead of this being the case the very converse is true, as I or any one who has the courage to try for himself can clearly show. In founding your opinion on the apparent impossibility of any one telling "to its minutest details the incidents of a mimic tragedy" by the hypothesis of muscle-reading you omit to mention that this experiment is net conducted in the manner you apparently suppose, but in the same manner as the other experiments, and all the "thought-reader" in this case does is to indicate by touching th'em in turns (the characters) in the mimic drama. But really, sir, it is not surprising that you ind others hate been unintentionally misled into imagining that there was something occult and mysterious in these exhibitions, for in all the newspaper reports I have hitherto come across of such performances, the restlts oftlie experi merts were iovariably oeagnofedf to stch an ertent to the extclsions of the mealns adopted by the operator, that no investigation was possible. I do not say that the newspapers are in league with the professional Thought Readers, but the resultis the same, namely, to mislead the public, and even to deceive otherwise clever and intellectual people. Now, sir, permit me to suggest my idea of what would constitute a true "Thought Reading" enter tainment or seance. This would be where the "Thought Reader," without any connection or communication whatever with the medium, walkied the chalk line (entirely alone and unguided), and found the pin or told where it was hidden, told the numbers of a bank-note or a watch (in place of drawing them on a black board), and toldt the inci dents of a mimic tragedy. Of course such a performance as this would indeed be marvellous and worthy of the name "Thought Reading," but un fortunately for the believers and upholders of so called Thought Reading it has never yet been attempted, and need I add cever will be-why? because they know it cannot be done. Looking at all these things, and also to the fact that no professed " Thought Reader" can possibly delude himself into the belief that he is actually reading the thoughts of other people, purely and simply, I must say, sir, that I am somewhat sur prised that a gentleman of Mr. Sugden's attain ments should have anything to do with a mystifica tion of this kind, or at least that he has not come forward since and candidly admitted the truth of the assertions--perhapsrather forcibly but none the less truly advanced, by your correspondent signing himself "Bizarre?'" If Thought Reading as practised be " muscle-reading" or " will- reading" (not reading-of wills), why call it by a'name calou lated to mislead and mystify ? In conclusion, your readers would do well to keep in mind in regard to all similar apparently mar vellous exhibitions the words of a man to whom all sham and shoddy were equally obnoxious and who regarded truth as indeed divine-"Prove all things; hold fast that which is good."-I am, &c.;, RESTORUNTOR RUINIE. 