Sr SPORTING, ;??;;..; VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF, CLUB ' (BY SUBMARINE CABLE ) (FROM OUR OWN OOWtESl UNDEr] MELBOURNE, SUNDAY. "The opening meet of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club commenced at Caulfield yesterday. An account of the running follows :-| feel I ' > ' MAIDEN PLATE. Of ISOIOVB., added to a sweepstakes of '2sovs. each for acceptors, for maiden horses 3yr. olds and upwards. One mile. Mr. C. Collins' oh It Nowmsster, by New- minster-Primrose, 3yrs., 7st. 7lb. .... (Bruce) 1 Mr. R. G. Talbot's b h Highland Chief, '4yra.J8st. ßlb.(O'Biioii) 2 Mr. J. Mitchell ab c Yule Cake, 3yrs 7st, 7lb. (T. Brown) 3 Other starters Crown Brand, Rouget Hoir, Dunrobin, Aristocrat, Empress, Islander, Lord of the Manor, Btwkley, Menotti, Ex- Premier, Lara, Bosmond, Hot Iron, Crane, The Robber, Repose, and Koysterer. 'Setting : 4 to 1 each agst Lara and Menotti ; 6 to 1 each Islander and Island Chief ; 10 to 1 IXewmuster. Menotti got the best of a good start, with Highland Chief, and Yule Cake in close attendance. Three was little alteration in the leaders until approaching the straight, which Crown Brand was first to enter. Newmautor then came through and took a good lead. Halfway up Highland Chief came with a game run, and was hauling on the leader at every stride, but having come home but later was half a length behind New master when the winning post was passed. Time: 2min. 40sec. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of 200 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 2sovs. for acceptors. Two miles, i i Mr. M. Loughlin's b g Huntsman, aged, 11st. 3lb. (Corrigan)' Mr. H. Connolly as Bonnie Lad, 4yrs., 9st. 111. (Gardiner) Mr. M. Miller's b g Revenge, aged, 10st. ; 316 s'. ... '. (Carey) Other starters Ocean, Fuseo, Yet Again, Sinking Fund, and Grajoulus Esuricns. Betting 2 to 1 agst Huntsman ; 3 to I' Ooran ; 6 to 1 Bonnie Lad. Huntsman and Sinking Fund got first, away, but were almost instantly supplanted by Revenge, which horse took a strong lead, and maintained it for three parts of the race. Bonnie Lad and Ocean ran at the head of the others. Huntsman, who rode a waiting race, came into the straight first with Bonnie Lad. The pair raced to the winning post, and after a fine struggle the former won by a length. Time : 3min. 58sec. 3 THE GREAT FOAL STAKES, Of 300 SOVS, added to a sweepstakes of 2sovs. each. For two years old. The second horse to receive TGsovs. and the third 2Ô0B. from the stake. Four furlongs. Sir T. Elder's br f Hortense by Gang Forward - Josephine, 7st. 10lb. at. (Campbell) 1 Mr J. R. Smith's b c Yetman, by Julian , Avenal Vanity, 8st. at Sir T. Elder's b f Perhaps, by Gang Foiward-Peradventnre, 7st. 10lb. ... t Other starters Albert Loddon, Prattler, The Dreamer, Pontifex, Abydos, Epicurean, Lady Lovell, Nectarine, Query, Sumatra, and Christine. Betting : 2 to 1 against Yetman j 0 to 1 each Eplomean and MortonBO ;'8 to 10 to 1 Sumatra, Nectarine, Query, and others. Hortense jumped into the lead at the start, and led all the way, Epicurean and Perhaps running close until half way up the straight, when Yetman joined Perhaps and the two ran a dead heat for second honors, -^ THE CAULFIELD GUINEAS, Of SOOsovs., added to a sweepstakes of lOsers, each, For 3yr.-olds. The second horse, to receive 75 sovs and the third horse 2sovs. from the stake. One mile. Hon. W. A. Long's ch f Maddalina, by Neckersgat Meg Hen sales, 8st. .... Colley) 1 Hon. J. White's br g Volcano, by Chester-Etna, 8st. Mr. ... (Halcfc) 2 Sir W. J. Clarke's b c First Consul, by Gang Forward Josephine, 8st. .,.' (Power) 3 Other starters Donald, Retort, Blairgowrie, Chesham, and Gadfly. 3 Betting : Even Volcano ; 6 to 1 each agst Maddelina and Blairgowrie j 0 to 1 Gadfly ; 7 to I First Consul. Retort got first away, but very quickly Volcano took the lead, followed by Chesham and First Consul. Maddelina got away last, and ran for about half the distance. Volcano and Chesham ran together in the lead along back of the course, and until the turn into the straight. Thelnttor's stable companion, Blairgowrie, relieved him, First Consul running in the centre, At the four furlong distance Maddelina started for the leaders from the rear, and, putting on great pace, shot through the other horses like a cannon ball, but she was at Volcano's quarters enter- ing the straight, Blairgowrie being close alongside, with First Consul making equal efforts. The race home was between these four.,. Maddelina got her head and shoulders in front at the distance, and, running very gamely under the whip, kept her advance the rest of the way. The finish was very exciting, and caused much commotion among the spectators. First Consul came with a highly sensational run on the post, and finished a very close third. Maddelina won from Volcano by half a length. Time: 2min. 40sec. A protest was entered against Maddelina on the charge of boring when turning the corner into the straight, which was dismissed, ' ' THE AUSTRALIAN HUNTERS'' CUP. Atrophy, valued 150 sovs., to the winner. The second and third horses to receive, trophies of the respective values of SOsova. and 2sovs. About 2 miles. Mr. J. O. 'Inglis' big Goldfinder, aged, 12st. 71 (Owner) 1 Mr. J. Murphy's b g Union, aged, 12st. (Mr. McCulloch) 2 Mr. A. Anderson's g g Abdallah, aged, 13st. (Mr. C Glasscock) 3 Other starters Charcoal, Narrung, Sir Ewan, Ajax, Curiosity, Gold Top, Champagne, Baldy, Salesman, Bangle, and Cotherstone. r , Betting: 5 to 2 against Union's to 1 Charcoal ; 10 to 1 each Salesman and Narrung; 7 to 1 each Curiosity and Abdallah ; 10 to 1 Goldfinder and the others. The race was run in a shower of rain. Union ran a good horse, while Baldy and ( Salesman occupied a leading position during the greater part of the race. Goldtop lost his rider at the sod wall, and Ajax fell ; also Charcoal. Cotherstone beat the last named, as he remounted and finished fifth. Goldtinder beat the favourite In the straight run home, and won by two lengths. Abdallah was a good third. Time : 5min. INO. ' THE TOORAK HANDICAP, Of 100 sovs. added to a sweepstakes of 3 Sovs, each for acceptors!. One THe. Mr. J. Tally ns br h Middlomaioh, by Maribyrnong-Housemaid, flyn., 7st. 12lbs.- >, . (Power) 1 Mr. S. Miller's br f Richworth, 3yrs., 6st Mrs. (Turner) 2 Mr. S. Martin's b g Hogmanay.fßyrs., Cat. 12lb. (Gorry) 3 Other starter».-Chuokiter, The Ghost, Eagle Grange, Camerlne, Medea, Huron, Duke of Athol, Bonnie Doon, Clarendon, Harvester, Marouty, Vascoso, Millstream, Western, Mustang, Blondin, and Eugenie.! Betting 3 to 1 each Hogmanay and Middlemarch, 8 to 1 each Richworth and Ellington, 10 to 1 Chuoketer. Vascosa cut out the running nearly all the way, Middlemarch and Hogmanay de giving him of the lead nearing for home. Richmond came very fast into the straight, and finished second, Middlemarch winning by half a length. Time : 1min. 47sec. The meeting concludes next Saturday, when the Caulfield Cup will be run. CAN'T PREACH GOOD No man can do a good job of work, preach a good sermon, try a lawsuit well doctor a patient, or write a good article when he feels miserable and dull, with sluggish brain and unstrung nerves, and none should make the attempt in such a condition follows It can be so totally and cleanly re moved by:n little American Corop Bitters. 'Look' for .,, """,,. L ,¡1, MU,»i*». "I 