Wit and Euaor. A novel pugilistic encounter—A match Mrs A.: “ Ib it true that yourson holds the appointment of warder in a gaol?” Mrs B.: “ Yes, but only criminals of good family are imprisoned there.” Everybody, ne matter how crabbed and morose, must succumb to the witching charm of a laughing child. Even the heathen cannibal loves little babies. Qownsman (to fresh young lady just from boarding-school)—‘And whore is your Alma Mater, Miss Green?” Miss Green—“O, I—I didn’t try for one this year. I just went in for fun, and all that sort of thing, dont you know?” “ I have discovered another person to be plnced on the list of those who never will bo missed,” observed the snake editor. “ Who is it?” asked the horse editor, “The girl who gets married. People cease to Miss her then, you know.” “Jasmin, what did you do with tho letter left on my desk this morning?1' “ I took it to the post-office.” “ What! did you not see that it hnd no address?” Yes, sir, hut I thought yon didn’t want me to know for whom it was intended. Gray—“ So you’ve got married, Green? How do you got along with your mother in- law ?” Green—“ Got along with my mother-in law. Why, first rate.” Gray —“ That is rather singular, isn’t it?” Green—“ Singular? Why, bless you, no. My mother-in-law is a widow worth ^5000, and my wife is her only child.” An old woman sat on a bench in tho Spencer-street station wiping her eyes with her handkerchief, when a poorly man, full of sympathy, said to another: “ It is sad to see falling tears, it always makes my henrt ache to see an aged person in trouble.” Walking up to her, he kindly said: “My good woman, why do you weep 7” She took down her handkerchief, looked up in surprise, and bluntly an swered: “I’ve got tho wust cold in my head I’ve had for forty-six years,” \l> Confound those dressmakers’ bills,” said old Beggs to his youngpartner. I’ve just paid for Mrs B’s last ball dress, nnd I tell you they come high.” “ Come high ?” echoed the junior. “ Hot tho one she wore at tho concert the other night—as—whew ! excuse me; I was thinking of something else.” Tho silence could hare been cut with a knife. “ Do you bcliove, doctor, in ghosts ?” was asking by one of his patients during a conversation on spiritualism. ‘ My dear sir,” was the reply, “ I low can you ask me such a question ! If I believed in phgete I should give up my frofettiou. . 