rommmt HOME RULE DELATED, Tits intelligence that the HOUBB of Commons have rejected the Irieh Parliament Bill will be reoeived With regret by all Irishmen, and with a feeling of disappointment also by the more sanguine friends of the measure. Bat no one who even briefly reflects on the ciroumstanoes of the case can be at all surprised that the first attempt to indnoe the HOUBB of Commons to pasB a measure to the introduction of which it would not have consented ten months past was not successful. The feature, in the ease which, to our mind, is most remarkable, is that, but for treachery, the seoond reading of the bill would hare been carried. And this is also the most oheering aspect in whioh the reverse oanbe viewed, for the deserters, or, at least, most of them, oan be whipped out when the day of reckoning comes, and it is not far distant. It was Mr. Gladstone's misfortune, not his fault, that in giving Mr. Chamberlain office he admitted a traitor to his camp and his oounoils. And, of course, it was not possible to guard against the alienation of Liberals who were not even so much as euspeoted of contemplating desertion. It is satisfactory that the untoward events by whioh the bill was defeated oould not have been foreseen, and it is Btall more satisfactory that their recurrence oan be prevented. Whether Mr. Gladstone be refused a dissolution or not, one Is near at hand, and for that reason he ts unlikely to get a refusal. There are no grounds on whioh a new Ministry oould ask for a dissolution, or be allowed one; and in the present House no Ministry at the head of which Mr. Gladstone was not oould hope to live forty-eight hours. However, the circumstance in whioh we have most interest Is that a dissolution is under any circumstances inevitable, and that it must take place almost immediately. Ireland is thoroughly organised, and so 1« the Irish vote in England. The latter at the last election was credited with the return of over forty Conservative members. On the opposite side it will accomplish even more than that in the oomlng struggle, and, co-operating with the Liberal party, it will enable the English electors in several oases to punish the deserters. It is also not unlikely that in Ireland one or two additional seats in the North will be won. If the views of our correspondents and Irish oontemporaries are correct, Mr. Gladstone must win at the DOIIB; but however that may br, our chief, as well as our ultimate reliance is on Ireland, tranquil and strong, with her eighty-Bix members iu the House of Commons, resolved that she shall have Home Bule, and also resolved to overthrow, at the earliest opportunity, every Ministry that refuses their terms. The rejection of the measure does not settle the question, nor would the defeat of Mr. Gladstone in the country settle it. His defeat in the House does not diminish the strength of the Irish party; his defeat by the constituencies oould not do so. Is there any English party that oan hope to secure a safe working majority as a conse- s quence of the recent votef Certainly not. The balance of power will remain tn the hands of the Parnellltes, and as a matter of absolute certainty the House of Commons, and after it the other two estates of the realm, must grant what has now been refused. The position of Ireland is invinoible, and the longer justice is denied her the more evident will that fact become. As the case stands now, it concerns her much lea than it does her opponents that Home Bule is delayed. Sure that it must oome, she oan afford to wait patiently for it a little while, but they cannot afford to delay it if they set any value on the good-will of the people whose reconciliation has yet to be effected, and on whose friendship the safety of the Empire may c mobdt t T m G o AN AIAKMIKO THBKAX. OCR soul is troubled within us, and our only consolation is that we are not Buffering alone. The cause of our affliction is a cable message which appeared in the Argus, announcing that 200,000 Canadian Orangemen have offered their service* to their brethren in the North of Ireland. We loet our breath when reading tibia terrible threat, and have hardly recovered it yet. We grew pale with dismay, and the colour is not quite restored to our pallid chceke. la our younger days a apade tree dreased up tor a ghost gave our nerve* a great shock, and thia temble announcement produced a similar effect. In «a won ot spirit, we exclaimed, "Wm^S*, whet will become of the old had, and the unhappy people left th*te» a Ms i A a o f a r 1 p t a b d w w if a host of groat warriors come from over the sea to destroy them f" Wo thought of everything that could present an obBtftde to suoli on invasion, but found no comfort in our reflections, for the message would not have been sent all the way from London, and published here, for no better purpose than to show that the Orangemen and their friends are so much beside themselves with impotent rage as to have completely lost their senses. And such warriors, too, whose record is BO glorious, as witness the splendid use they made of their legs when a handful of Fenians crossed over the frontier from the United States. Since that memorable event in the military history of the Dominion,, the Queen's Own are known as the Crack Pedestrians, and it has been suggested that a hare in full flight should be quartered on their regimental colours, with the simple but expreasivo motto beneath—"Catch mo if you can." But what comfort is that to us ? Since the Canadian Orangemen won their laurels near Lake Erie by capturing a non-oombatant Catholio priest after the Fenians had recrossed the border at the command of the United States Government, the white livers of the noble defenders of British soil may have assumed a more healthy colour. And then, fightiug at lone range—that is, across the Atltantio—Ts so different to fighting at close quarters, there is no reason to think that the Canadian Orangemen would not distinguish themselves in an engagement of the former character. And so it seems that, however we may look at the matter, it portends dreadful consequences for Ireland and Irishmen. It dashes the hopes of Pamell and the sohemes of Gladstone to the ground, and no doubt it brings peace and joy to the heart of tho •droits, for it affords that journal an assurance that the Canadian leverets are quite ready to run as fast as ever in defence of the Empire if an occasion should arise for putting their speed to a test. THERE is not AN single feature of the UNPRECEDENTED National movement DEMONSTRATION, whose importance there is any occasion to exaggerate. There iB not one whioh there is any reason to hide or keep in the back ground. All its characteristics, positive and negative, are in the very highest degree calculated to inspire the Irish people with pride and confidence, and their honest opponents with respect for them. Never in the history of the world were a people so united in a great cause as the Irish are to-day, for, if we except a handful of maloontents in the north-eastern corner of Ulster, the nation speaks with one voioe, and for one purpose. In its unanimity on the National question class distinctions and interests are obliterated. Priests and people, _ Catholios and Protestants, are united, none standing apart but a few bigots and West Britons, who are madly beating drums, olashing cymbals, and firing off crackers with the bject of attracting the attention of trangers and imposing on fools. Never before or after Emancipation did Ireland resent a front so solid, or speak with reater moral weight. Her strength as ypified by the largest meetings held in 'Connell's day was not nearly what it s now, though her population was then nce and a half what it is at present. hat assembly since the Dungannon onvention could be compared in imortance to the meeting of eighty-five Irish representatives on whose decision he fate of English Ministries and (he ourse of events in the British Parliaent depended! And oan the history f the National cause, even if it e carried baok to Plantagenet ays, furnish a picture more striking hat ^ that whioh is thus briefly escribed where we should least expect o find it—that la, in the columns of the ory organ t Four hundred Catholio priests attended a eeting at Dungsnneo, County Tyrone, on thMay, to give expression to their views on r. Gladstone's potioy of Home Bule, in ompUa&oe; with the Premier's invitation to ll bodies in Ireland to take action. Dr. 'Gefctigan, Archbishop ot Armagh, preided, and resolutions were adopted endorsng Mr. Gladstone's policy. meeting such as this is impresively characteristic ot the country's ncient ecdesiastioal feme. It reminds ne of those dam when that ame was spread over Burope, as from great focus of divine light. In several espects then has not been nnce the 2th century, end oertainly not sinoe the enal Uwt were enacted, a demonstraion so gtave and influential in the ssertion of Irish nationality. Aseemlagee ot prelatee have exoeeded It in ignity, and in the responsibility and efeht attached to tfcefr Lordships* ords; but in number, in the nearer oon- neotion existing between ordinary prieBts and laymen, and in the slgnifioanoe attaohing to the genius of the place, that meeting of <00 clergymen at Dungannon, with the venerable and patriotic Primate of Armagh presiding, is one of the moBt important assemblages of whioh we have any reoord in the annals of Faith and Fatherland, It is an overwhelming answer to petty objeators and brasenfaoed libellers. It is a magnifioent vindication of the Irish people, and a distinguished honour to the veteran English statesman whose wiBdom and oourage were thus reoognised. SOME people want in- INFOKMATION formation on the com- WANTED. monest and plainest subjeots. A week ago Judge Quiahn sentenced three larrikins to various tortus of imprisonment, with hard labour, for house robberies, and the eldeBt of the three was under twenty-five years of age. Another, who was younger still, commenced his criminal career in 1879, and had already spont six years of his short life in gaol. His Honour, struck by the depressing and alarming features of the case, commented upon tho prevalence of crime among the young, and remarked that the larrikin, whoBe disorderly behaviour resulted in many cases from an overflow of undisciplined animal spirits, was developing into the CBIIOUB, brutal criminal to whom labour and law were alike irksome, and who had ceased to regard life itself as 6acred. The picture thus drawn, being as dark as it is faithful, attraoted the attention of the Press, but among the daily papers the Tdegraph is the only journal which rightly accounted for the alarming change to which the judge pointed. "There is," says the Jje, "no explanation forthcoming for this extraordinary activity of the criminal class, except the very common one that crime is a profession with that class, to be pursued with the same assi duity as an honest vocation, and that in every community there are always a number of people who will rather steal than work any day." This certainly is an instance in which the teacher stands much in need of information which lie doeB not Beek, and most likely would reject became it did not square with his theories as to the oauBe and prevention of crime. In the case of young men who have scarcely reached adolescence, the ause is the absence of religious and moral raining in the publio schools of the olony. As we hsve already shown, Mr. ayter's statistics go very far, though ot the whole way, towards proving that ere, as elsewhere, godlesB education is roductive of the bitter fruits which a ad tree is expected to bring forth. Anyhing more than mere materials for closely following up an inquiry into the subject could not be expeoted from the Government Statist, bat it is to be hoped that lie will see that, by broadening his classifications under liw and crime, and being more minute in one or two subdivisions, it is in his power to materially help in the elucidation of a sooial and religious problem of great interest. No further information is needed to satisfy us or any impartial poisons that the banishment of Christ and Christian morality from the State Bchool is the cause of that prevalence of juvenile crime which pulpit, Press, and judicial benoh all deplore; but with the object of bringing that conviction home to obstinately inerednlous Secularists, we very much desire that Mr. Hayter would give the subject his attention, as he might do without exceeding his proper functions. WK have shaken THE REVANCHE hands with Germany ABANDONED, over the New Guinea affair, and we are glad of it. At least, the Hon, John Douglas has done ao in the name of Australia, and he has not been called to aooount for his action. On the contrary, it ts rather applauded in the daily Press, though, with a delioaoy easily understood under the circumstances, no allusion is made to the ill-feeling whioh has proved evanescent It is really a blessing that we are no longer to harbour a spirit of revenge against the German Empire, or to keep looking forward to the promised day when, according to arrangements, an Australian fleet should expel the Germans tnm New Guinea. We are at last content that the whole of the Papuan land, exoenUog that portion oocupied by the Dutch, is not to be inherited by oar posterity, and m a trulj Christian spirit we have made up oar mmdi not to leave them a heritage of hate and a task of Mood and slaughter. Oar reasons tor thankfulness at snob a change of heart an great, for only a few abort sacctha sinoe we did marten veogeanoe in a manner which mad* tone of u» tremble at the l^aoy we were preparing for our de»oe n a taU of some future generation—the tl>M" fourth perhaps. The threat. T £ daily Press, and more especially thoi, J the Conservative organ, gave JS?" sanguinary hue to the prospeots 0|V. future, and oaused married peonk peaoeful dispositions to regret that to had become the progenitors of a»«!! whose hands were surely to be im brued in the blood of German colonic, right up to the elbows, or t>o«aiM» still higher up. Champagne M? Douglas oombined have dispersed Th« horrible vision. The municipal oonnfl and divisional board at Cooktown enter tained Baron Yon Sohleinitz, the Governor of German New Guinea at a banquet on Wednesday night, the 2 n fl instant, and bis Excellenoy and Mr Douglas shook hands over the affair in ft! most cordial spirit. The German widths Scotchman eaoh • fraternal in the contemplation of their kindred missions, and they appeared to be emulous in their tender regard for the Papuan savage. In their enjoyment of the most oheering fruits of oiviUsa. tion they pledged themselves to let the savages have the benefit of it, and at English civilisation, aooording to the Baron, is exoellent, and German oivilisation, aooording to Mr. Douglas, is as good, if not better, the bleBBings in store for the Papuans oould not be eng. gerated even by an Exeter Hall missionary who had made a fortune out of oopra or oedar. As we have resolved—on behalf of posterity—to spare the German, it only remains to deoide on the fate of the interloping Frenchman who bag dared to intrude into the South Paoifio. We need not, however, hurriedly oome to a discussion as to his fate, for it may happen that, while considering what treatment would i»e bad enough for him, the oooasion for banqueting him will ante, And then, what pleasure it will be to bury our vindiotive and slightly childith resolution, and gush in harmony with our distinguished guest over the advantages English civilisation and Frenoh culture are capable of conferring on South Sea savages when oo-operatiug in a friendly spirit in neighbouring posteasions. The only drawback is that the Frenchman has not Anglo-Saxon or eutonic blood in his veins, and has not got an "open Bible;" but even then bjeotionB to genuine good-fellowship ith him we might be able to get over when partaking with him of the most heering gifts of European civilisation. fter all, the future does net look quite o dreadful for our posterity as it did nly a little time past. THE tragedy in the IVAN THE " penny gaff" was TERRIBLE. more laughable to the intelligent than the funniest comedy, and some articles n the Irish Question by " Ivan," whioh appearing in the Argus, resemble hat performance. If he is not for a mail consideration playing the part of a hired bravo, he is doing, or pretending to do, the work of one, and even as he strikes, his attitude and air are as comical as anything ever witnessed in burlesque. With the gravity of Burleigh he performs the tricks of a clown, and with the confidence of a taproom politician he correctB the errors into which, according to his eajjient view of things, statesmen mature in years and experience have fallen. There is indeed great variety In the literature of the Home Bule Question, and yet we would not willingly consent to have " Ivan's" contribution to it blotted out. In wisdom and pathos, in truth and falsehood, in intelligence and ignorance, it abounds ; but in the qualities that distinguished a good melodramatic performance at the "penny gaff," when the hero slew the villain with a piece of rusty iron hoop, the contributions to the discussion were rather deficient till "Ivan's" were added. MoBt likely he was influenced by some consideration of the kind when he resolved to give to the world his great disoovery that the Irish are a " peculiar people," altogether unlike Englishmen, Canadians, or Australians, and that then ore they are unfit for. Home Bole. Critics of smaller minds—English poliicians, Liberal and Conservative—«» isposed to regard their unanimity » emanding it, and the completeness ana trength of (heir organisation, as a wy eighty proof of their fitness for the ask: but arguments of the kind have no eight with the writer, whose unenviable ualifications recommend Mm to tW ory organ as a champion of the "moo. ith eyes superciliously raised to thedoow e contemptuously overlook* them, oes not oven deign to bestow a thowH pon how Irishmen governed themselrei rom 1788 till they were robbed »B« lundered by Pitt and CasUereaah., But hey have not the moral qualities « olitical virtues of Englishmen, W 1.1 not i£ iudgod by the English F sin lrH n's illustrated by the massacres t! 3 the subornation of perjury, the Iv. Bine ot ionooent people, and, lastly, I f'n tliroak and plunderinga of Socialist I tio Tho means by which they were Itnrivea of that right the rertoration of I f f they are now olaumng with a voice and an irresistible power I f i a bSiful example of the virtues I Jwhich the IviBh people are deficent. C IThlhero of the "penny gaff show, as |. T o h ®, 19 °gain wields his rusty iron sword, ke the it enous?' to »" ^ .Parens innocent of Irish hiBtory , f ,i h The babes unborn.; If .Mr. fihdetone could have produced a single BSce of an Irish corps raised and K e d by Irishmen, fighting infcan S clefon Irish soil, which preserved discipline or its loyalty for a month ! i 8 whole debate would be ended. Nothing could be more amusing than the style ia whioh fiction, in grave defiance «f history, is here made to serve the t j K comedy. Only that it m,gh Q the ioke, we would suggest that Editor of the Argm should present its contributor with a cheap primer of Sk history. We might ourselves be tempted to that act of generosity if we felt assured that the gift would not disgrace "Ivan" from affording us ianother similar entertainment. A kindly 'consideration for the readers of the iConservative journal also restrains us. As laconnterpoise to the dreary and vindictive mood in which they get perversions of Irish history in the leading article, they sadly need something grotesque in itHe contributors' columns. " J 1 D 