f PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. By "THE VAGABOND." STRATFORD AND MAFFRA. Ramahyuck. Memories of the fulI domestic hours spent there will often come to me when I am where there is no From the aboriginal reserve we went into the main road from Stratford to Wellington, on the north side of the River. There is little traffic here. To the north east, across the Perry, there are selectors at Meerlieu, and beyond that is Strathfieldsaye, the station and homestead of Dr. Disher. which borders Lake Wellington. I wonder how many state school children that Strathfieldsaye, in England, was some of the Great Duke who won Waterloo. The name of Wellington leads to associations not only of Napoleon's Empourer, but of the Wellington in Somerville and the other Wellington under kin on the old Roman road to Uri-? But I forbear, or it will be a long time before I reach Stratford. For 10 miles we drive through thickly-timbered typical Australian bush with no sign of life save two or three selector homesteads. The one distinction in this that there is plenty of grass, and everything is charmingly green. Then evidence of the Bairnsdale railway meet the shape of small cuttings and embankments , and I see Stratford ! This is the fifth Stratford I know. It is unlike any of the others. Unlike the villages ? Stratford and Fenny Stratford in Hamptonshire, which the railways have passed by, and whose hotels, where the ? once stopped to bait, have now only become made up of farmers, labourers, a ?amp padding the hoof along Watlington for a belated fox-hunter. Very unlike Stratford-le-Bowe, in Essex, which 1 saw described in Melbourne as being Whitechapel," and which has given home to a school of bad French. Most of all to the Stratford to which every American pays a pilgrimage, renowned over the world as the birthplace of - in words of Carlyle - "a poor Warwickshire man who rose to be manager of a playhouse so that he could live without begging ; the Earl of Southampton cast some glances on ; whom Sir Thomas Lucy, thanks to him, was for sending to the ?! We did not account him a god, while he dwelt with us - on which there were much to be said. But I say rather, or repeat - In spite of the hero-worship now lies in, consider this Shakspeare has actually become ? Which Englishman we ever made this land of ours - which million of Englishmen \- would we not give up, rather than the Stratford peasant ? " To me your English Stratford is a very Mecca, the old house at Shottery as sacred as the Caabah to a Muslim, the waters of the Avon there precious as those of the well Zem- zem ! Will our Australian Stratford ever be celebrated? In one thing it is like its classic namesake - the quietness of its streets. The Stratford, the Shakspeare, and the ? hotelsbear appropriate signs. Years knowing honest Tom Curran pressed me to stop with him at the latter hostelry, which he celebrated as the home of an ex-? To many Victorians of sporting prowess, I am afraid that the name of ? was only associated with Tom ?d "the noble art," and not with the birthplace of the Hero-Poet who, as s, wrote "a national epic" in his plays, surpassing himself in his version of the battle of Agincourt - "the ? of the worn-out jaded English, the ?our, big with destiny, when the ? all begin ; and then that deathless life good yeomeu, whose limbs were ? England.' " n here is disappointing. The head on for oceau-eoinj; vessels is three w the town. Very different to what edbank, Clydebank, and ltamah Stratford the Avon is a typical river, with long shallow reaches ndbanka. At Hood time imposing, lie Avon is now a stream which pire any respect And yet there Tcal associations with it On its gus iT'MilJan camped, and Dr. who was with him, blew a night long with the desired effect away the wild blacks. The first ipps Land was built on the site of and it was, after Rale, the lirst township in the north. To the tratford at the present day appears "f red brick churches and public There are four of the former, state school and also a Catholic e shire-hall, court-house, and post all one building. The postmistress have nice quarters, although I am must feel lonely therein. There .three good stores, a chemist's shop, ~nk and a flour-mill, and tannery ship. Coaches run daily to Sale ale. The agricultural popula cipally on the south side of the 8 Sale. Northwards the land is " up to grazing until one reaches some 12 miles distant, which is stng place in North Gipps Land. \- rich agricultural district here, .bacco are cultivated, and clieese d saw-milling are leading indus golonghas wealthy resources, and ~ut for A railway to develop these J that Stratford should wish to be ting link. In future editions of fan liailtoays Guide, Stratford may as a railway centre. I believe you the English Stratford by railway "ngham, and also by a small cross e which runs through theKynetoii under the Edge-liills. But no ed person would think of entering V» Birthplace by train; I always ve from Leamington or Warwick, d railways are opposed and fought vested interests demand com -J every yard of track laid. Here iea out tor railways. It is on the to Bairnsdale. and it has a line to rised, which the inhabitants argue carried on northwards to Briago. ether Stratford will be benefited e railways is an open question, itantsnowall go to Sale to market "dl will only make it easier for e fine bridge one sees, stretching e, a cultivated plain cat up into ocks in which splendid crops are The number ot pleasant nome II as the good roads show the of the district. Agriculture and in*, as well as horse breeding, een the Avon and theMacalliater U part of the county of Tanjil. I lity of the soil jib we drive through lee paddocks, which are laid down h grasses and irrigated from arte Here cattle and pigs are raised, the Irine is turned into cheese, into bacon* J inspect we factories, and am very pleased with what I 1 see. Both the Craigielee bacon and cheese are well known in Queensland ; the former, however, is exported in its salted stage to avoid the protective duty of 2d. a pound im posed by the Northern colony, although Queensland can make 110 bacon worth eating. The smoking appliances at Craigielee arc very scientific, and give the pork a line flavour. 1 meet with the kindest of welcomes and hospitality here, and I am eorr.v that 1 cannot tarry longer. Sorry also that I cannot accept Mr. Little's warm invitation to visit Inyerbroom, where irrigation from the neighbouring Avon is extensively carried on, ana a cheese factory is also run. We drive past the fertile paddocks of this estate on our road eastward to MaiTra. The cultivated fields with their varying tints oi verdure, the pleasant homesteads dotted here and there, the belts of timber, the ranges beyond, highera still Mount Baw Baw, towering majestically to the skies, raalie up a charm ing landscape. Gipps Land is indeed goo a country which produces all seed and root crops, wheat and lucernc, potatoes and turnips- everything multiplies a thousand fold. As we drive through the rich pastures of Powerscourt. which lie on each side of the road between Stratford and Maffra, I cannot help thinking it would be better if this estate were cut up into small farms. A very pleasant pied a tore this homestead, on a slope looking over the pork-like paddocks in which fat beeves are putting on more fat. But the owner frankly admits, " Big estates don't do any good to a district. What is1 wanted in Gipps Land is the settlement of 50 families where there are, perhaps, only two now. Some day I shall cut up my place just as is being done with Lindenow. The graziers must go before the plough." A good deal of land at Powerscourt has beeu cleared, but Nature here has strangely aided the squatter in his work of destruction amongst the redgum. For many miicsalong the plains by the Avon is a broad belt ot dead timber without a leaf or shred of bark, all life fis perfectly destroyed as it blasted by fire or "sapped"-"girdled 'as we call it in America. "Sapping," cutting a ring deep into the juices of a tree, is a common custom in Gipps Land. A tree dies at once, much sooner than when merely " rung," but the timber is not of such value afterwards. This natural decay in the gum forests in the county of Tanjil has caused considerable discussion in tiipps Land. One pioneer tells me that he believes it was occasioned by a plague of myriads of small grey caterpillars which years back settled on the trees and ate up all the leaves and young shoots. After that the trees commenced to decay. Where are those caterpillars or their descendants now? The present^insect plague in Gipps Land takes the form of a small green beetle, a beautiful thing to look at, but which iii parts of this province strips all the leaves from llowers and fruit trees. Strange to say geranium bushes kill it. And as it is well known that snakes will not pass near this plant, my advice to all in the bush is sur round your house with a thick hedge of geraniums, and border your gardens with the same. This line of dead timber in Powers court looks strangely weird and ghastly, a contra?t to the verdure of the grass beneath. It saddens one to see this decay or valuable timber, or timber that some day might prove highly valuable. The redgum on these alluvia! plains grows to a great height and gir.th. It is the best of all Australian woods. From Maffra 1 am told they are sending to the London Exhibition a large block 3ft. in diameter, which has been in the ground for over 30 years, and is as lirm and durable as when lirst cut Not only from a pictures. iue point of ww but from an utilitarian ibis destruction of timber in Australia Ijoth by nature and man is to be deplored. For the rainfall is sure to be affected thereby. But here the river is handy for irrigation, and the ranges at the back will ever collect the clouds and mists from whence the rain will fall in due season. Just before entering Mafi'ra one passes the road southward to Sale, then the township is before us. The main street is a three-chain road, bordered with English trees, which give a most pleasing effect The shire-hall is covered with ivy, which increases the "home"-like aspect Not so many brick buildings here as at Stratford, yet there is a live, smart look about the place which makes up tor the lack of prominent edifices. Mr. Allan M'Lean's house on the hill and a line store in course of construction are the chief features in the building line here. Maffra possesses four churches, a state school and a private school, mechanics' institute and library, two banks, post and telegraph office, and police station. I am reminded of the existence of the latter place by the presence of a smart, gentlemanly-looking young fel low, who ridea by on a magnificent horse, sitting easily in the saddle, as none but an Australian can, and smoking happily, freer from care than the squires of Kilmany or Powerscourt "Trooper?" I query. Yes. This is Constable Priestley, well-kuown as a champion rough-rider as well as an eflicient officer. 1 admire him, and think he is a man to be envied. Maflra also possesses a Hour mill, three hotels, and a newspaper-the Spectator. It will shortly have a railway station, and then will be completely happy in having direct communication with the metro polis. The Macallister River is the western boun dary of Maffra. Like so many Australian towua.thissettlementcommenceditsexistence with a pub. and a punt, Mr. Gibney being the pioneer of the place. Part of the township and the land around Maffra was reserved for an aboriginal station by Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, but Mr. llagenauer, for whose mission it was intended, persuaded the Government to change the site to the present-Kamah yuck. As he argued, " Blackfellows do not want good land like this, but a place where they can have space to roam and hunt and fish." Selectors around Maffra may now thauk Mr. Hagenauer. The district consists of fine alluvial plains and river liats, and al though it is, to an extent, hemmed in by two large properties-Powerecourt and Newburn park-yet there are very many small and prosperous holdings, some 20,000 acres being under cultivation, with crops of wheat, oats, barley, peas, and beans. Selection began 20 years ago, and agriculture in the district has gone on and prospered since then. But Maffra is particularly noted as having the largest cattle sales outside of Melbourne. There are four firmB of auctioneers here, and over 100,000 head of cattle pass through their yards annually. It is the centre for Gipps Land stock. Also, from the Manero district of New South Wales many mobs of "fat " and "stores" are driven here. There is plenty of feed and water en route to Maffra, andit is ft popular resort for drovers. The Friday sales average generally a little oyer 2,000 "head. Of these the largest share go into the yards of Allan McLean, M.L. A, whose enterprise, I am told, was the cause of theL first establishment of Maffra as a great cattle emporium, Yet, although buyers weekly assemble here from Melbourne and other patts of ibe colony, and MaiTra is a name of repute amongst cattle men, there are signs that in this respect its glory will; 80oh waao. When tile line ia comnleted through to Bairnsdale, that town, I am told, will be the centre lor all the stock from the north-east portion of the province and the New South Wales border, Buyers when they can get easy access by rail will go to the market instead of the market being brought to them. At Traralgon, too, on the east, the cattle Sales arc weekly increasing in import ance. I think, (hat in the future, Traralgon and Bairnsdale will be the two most impor tant stock inarkfcts, not only in Gipps Land, but outside Melbourne. That will make little difference to Maffra, liuyera and drovers spend little here. The pubs., perhaps, Ijepetit slightly, the stores not at all. It Is in the soil around that the prosperity of the district will ever consist So says Mr. l.yan, pioneer journalist in the mountains. So says Mr. Murphy, English gentleman, and ex-Stony hurat scholar, who the other day was at Ada vale when 1 was at Charleville. We who have had experience of the Maranoa and Warrego in a drought laugh fo scorn the lamentations for rain which are raised here. Host Bannister, with whom I exchange reminiscences of Not tingham and the Trent, believes in the soil. So, too, does Mr. George Thomas Jones, successor of the Moroney of Colac, shire secretary and engi neer, a resident in Gipps Land for 30 years. I have great pleasure in talking about old times with Mr. Jones. He is one of the un rewarded discoverers of the Yarra Track. He named Mount Arnold, beyond Marys ville, alter a cousin in England (Mr. Arnold lUieinhold, solicitor, of Hull), and Mount Strickland was named after one of his party, Paradise Plains, from which the Minne ha-ha falls, was so called because after a hard day's toil through the scrub, often cutting their way, they emerged at last on a beautiful i open table land, with wattles in full bloom I all around. The scene, as described by Mr. Jones, was as the Garden of Eden. But the serpent was here before them, for they found it infested with snakes. The Black Spur was tirst named Mount Dismal by Mr. Jones, on account of the hardships they endured there. It is interesting to meet here in Gipps Land the toHvenirs which I vainly sought for during my visit to Marysville. The why and wherefore of the nomenclature of localities is always of the greatest interest to me. On the spot I often lind it hard to obtain a proper solution of the strange problems which occasionally puzzle me in this line. For l'ustance, some tell me that Maffra is a native name, others that it is Gaelic. Why, too, was Sarslield named after James the Second's beaten general? In Gipps Land I meet an old miner who lives at Sarslield, who claims to have been the iirst dis coverer of gold in Victoria, and as such entitled to a reward. In my-^&inbles; through Pic turesque Victoria I met with strange memories of the past, and am learning more of the early history ot the colony from men who took part therein than I could from the study of all the books in the Public Library. , Mr. Lewin, manager of the National Bank and champion rille shot, undertakes to drive me around Mafifra. We cross the Macallister liiver to Newburn-park, well-known as the i residence of Mr. Johusou-Boe, the owner of winners of Lhe Melbourne Cup and other great races. 1 am told by old residents that this is the prettiest place in Gipps Land, and after a visit here 1 am faiu to believe it. The short carriage drive is bordered with oaks and other English trees-one would make affidavit this was the approach to some country house in the Western counties. The luxuriance ot the soil is shown by the fruit trees in the garden. Amongst these is the strange "Thorn of Christ," brought from Home. I shall remember Ncwbuni by the aviary and the best cu|> of tea I have had in the colonies. It is one of the most charming country places I know of. When, after in specting the stables, we walk through the large paddock at the back of the house, one sees that the title of "park" is fairly justi fied. It is a real park, as one understands the term in the old world. A perfectly level plain, half a mile wide, is fringed by belts of timber, and dotted here and there with little clamps of pines, which have grown with the greatest luxuriance. The grass is thick, affording excellent pasturage. Afar off, beyond the timber line, are the slopes of the ranges-Hat-topped Ben Cruachan, the most prominent landmark. Mount Wellington, due north, and Baw Baw to the east, are to-day shrouded in the mists. It is a view which makes one long to be the possessor of Newburn-park, and settle down here to the life of a country squire and become learned in the value of oxen, an authority on the matter of wool, and cunning in the ways of blood horses. As Mr. W. E. Power says, " You can't beat this in Australia." From Newburn I take the reins. Mr. Allan M'Lean eBCorts us in his pony carriage towards Newry and through Upper Maffra. The only thing this district wanted was rain, and I have brought that with me. But the roads are excellent, and Mr. Lewin's horses are as good as I want to drive. We halt at M'Cann's, and then on through fertile farms for a few miles till we reach Newry township. This is a little settlement which contains two churches, a mechanics" institute, post-office, and a cheese factory. To the right lies the house and farm of Mr. Clements, to the left pleasant Summerlea, the residence of Sir. Donald Manson, whither I am invited, but cannot tarry. We are now in the very granary of Gipps Land. The land was taken up 20 years ago under the Brooks Land Act, and the people have prospered thereon. When I met and received BUCIi kind hospi tality from Mr. Brooks in Japan, I little thought I Bhould ever write his name in connexion with Gipps, Land. As we drive mile after mile west by north, and then east wards, and south agam into Maffra, we pass everywhere the very best crop3 of gram I have seen in the colonies. There are beauties in these waving cornfields as well as in the shade of the forest, the clouds dimming the mountain's brow, or the ripple on the stream. These fields speak to me or labour and its re ward, of the food here raised for thousands. This Upper Maffra district is, for its extent, the moat productive I have seen in Australia. The soil is not only excellent, but the country is well watered. The Macallister is fed by many streams and anabranches, and if irrigation were needed there is every facility for it here. I am told that in the valley of the Mitchell I shall fiudland as good as this. Gippa Land, then, is certainly a wonderful province. The pioneers iu the Upper Maffra district deserve all they wring from the soil, for there has been hard patient honest toil in clearing much of this land. The axe has been the forerunner of the plough. SucceBB to the brave arms which wielded it. The people of Maffra wish me to tarry with them for many days, aud drive me to Bushey park and to Bolsdale. The former was the station of the pioneer Angus M'Millan, who found (Hpps Land, but found it for others, as lie himself in the end benefited little. This grand old High lander, to whom his henchmen gave the obedience of duinneuxmeh to the chiefs of old, had none of what is commonly known as " Scotch caution " about him. He Bowed for others to reao. Boisdale is renowned aa o breeding-place tor horses for the Indian market. It ia typical of Gipps Land that distances are thought nothing of. As Sale claims the Lakes' Entrance as an appanage, so Matlra includes Bushey-park and Bois-1 dale as its dependencies, although they are j just as near-if n«~-t nearer-to Stratford. Eastwards along the valley of the Mac allister, towardsGlenfalloch r.ndGlenmajrtrie, and forwards in the mountain gorges, t lie re are, however, many charming localities which the visitor of Maffra may well make a journey to. He will, however, perhaps find it easier to get out at the present terminus of the railway, Ileyfield, and walk or ride thence northwards, or take coach from Traralgon. For' a party of excursionists, hunters, and fishermen, fond of roughing it, this, I believe, will be a most delightful out ing. Tliey should take a lent with them, for if they do not get much sport they need not catch cold. It nearly always rains in these mountains; but the magnificence of the scenery I am told cannot be surpassed. 1 point this out ior the benefit of others, al though I cannot take the trip myself. The opening of the railway to Bairnsdale will also open this district for excursionists next year. For, before starting eastwards through the Lakes t > Uairnsdale. I am hound for a trip to Port Albert and South Gipps Land. With a "goodbye11 to all kind friends at Mnffra, I return to Sale by coach. Stratford, Maffra, and Sale form a triangle. One would not want a better estate than is found within its limits. Agriculture, stock fattening, and horse breeding are carried on in this fertile district northwards 6i Gipps Land's capital. High hedges show how long the land has been cultivated; and the many pleasant homesteads show the prosperity otthepeople. There are no very large properties, but the estates are all comfortable ones, and, as the owner of Powers court says, this is far better for the district There is a belt of timber and "morass" land between the Macallister River and the highway from Maffra. Half way to Sale this liows into the Thompson, and the morasses continue on to Warruk Warruk and the Kihnany-park estate. Of all the homesteads I pass on the road the one in which I am most interested belongs to a lady, widow of an esteemed Chinese citizen, who for many years was a successful farmer and grazier here. He employed large num bers of labourers, white men, and paid them better v. ages than any other master in the district lie was liked and respected, ami, i strange to say, especially so by his while! workmen. The boy who drives the coach tells me that the deceased Celestial was "the best master the men about here ever had." lie lived down all prejudices, and bore with- J out abuse the name of an honourable man. llis wealth was well earned, and his Euro pean widow and children will, I hope, long enjoy it This Chinese study is one of j the most remarkable things which I havei met with in Gipps Laud. j But between Maffra and Sale another gur- j prise will greet the Melbourne traveller, and that is a haunted house. A building in ruins attracts my attention, and on inquiry from ; the driver as to what it may portend, I an told that no one can live there, for some! occult reason not generally known, but vaguely summed up in the word " Haunted." Now anything of this sort in Australia is a rarity. In New South Wales it is true " Fisher's . Ghost" is firmly believed in. and the only man I ever knew who was an authentic witness of a real ghost was Mr. Mitchell, ILL. A. for Newtown, lie narrates that, when engaged as a contractor 011 the Southern Railway, one night riding home in the midst of a plain under a clear moonlight, a figure of a woman suddenly appeared. Astonished but not awed, he rode to it; he saw the features, the dress, and then it faded away. He heard afterwards of rumours of a murder having been committed near there. Just my bad luck! Ghosts never appear to me. In New South Wales there were deeds done in the old days which might well have caused perturbed spirits to walk the earth. But what evil has been wrought on the road twixt Maffra and Sale, that it should possess a haunted house ? There it is, however, for the curious to investigate. 