MALDON RE-VISITED. No. 20. ? I have tried aJew games of chance in the: course of a-three-quarter century existence in this colony of Victoria, but certainly cannot boast of any veiy great slice of luck falling to my share. Ou one occasion indeed, I was as near as possible winning £2000 sweep on the Melbourne cup, but my Horse, " Waxy " by name, came to grief at the last important moment-^cannoned against another animal within a short distance of the winning post, and someoue else " scooped the pool."- I have tried my baud at Battles, and often tied the highest throw, but when it came to the final business I had not the ghost of a show. I have pegged out a claim next to the very best one on the goldfield, and could have obtained a splendid price'for it, yet, the dividing wall of some three feet, neatly and effectually separated our party from the adjoining wealth. - -I-could continue like this ad libitum. but will confine myself for the present to tbe "drawing of outs " mentioned in my last at Bradford Creek, as to which of the our of us should ride to -Bryant's Ranges, and, if possible, get our axle-tree mended. From what J have previously stated it need scarcely be added that the shortest or losing cat fell to my share, and having from past experience anticipated the result, I accepted the inevitable with the best grace I could command. My mates, one and all , declared they envied roe my lack, but not one of them volunteered to fill my plaoe. With the utmosrt expidition, however, all assisted in making 'arrangements for my speedy departure. The two parts of the axle were roughly tied together, bat one end being much longer than tbe other gave us some trouble, bat 'with the aid of a blanket wrapped firmly around them, and securely bound with our cart reins, I mounted Anthony and balanced my cargo to the best of my ability. - It was stiff work, I can assure you ; I had no saddle, and, without exception, "Suigglcs " had the sharpest spine I have ever /codc on. "We climbed some ranges which seemed almost perpendicular, and in the descent I bad to balauce Anthony's hind quarters with my cargo, otherwise he would have turned a sommersault. I believe it must have been the Nuggetty Ranges we had explored, but I am not certain. Darkness came on all too soon, and my prospects seemed dismal in the extreme. To cheer myself and my wearied steed, I tried a few stanzas of my popular song, entitled, " The Prospector," beginning— 4 1 love to roam, with my tent for my home. And prospect the wild bo&i; o'er." I am no great hand at a song under the most favourable conditions, but a more doleful attempt I never made than oh this occasion, bat my melody was cut short by a sound far sweeter to my ear—it was the crack of a ride or "firearm of some sort far away in the direction I was steering. With words of encouragement I cheered on my fast failing nag, ana was gratified by the far distant echoes apparently from the same direction as the first, so we groped our way in the dark as best we could, cheered by the prospect that oar journey's end was drawing near. Alas, this was a delusion. For a couple of miles or so, on comparatively fiat ground, we entered a gully bounded on either side by ranges, low at first but gradually heightening as the gulch narrowed, till finally ire found ourselves in a complete enIdestic. After most careful observation in the dark, I concluded it was a case of "ne thoroughfare." Whilst cogitating on tho dismal plight I had got into, one of those quaint birds—the laughing jackass—came out witfy his confounding unearthly giggles, so lond and long that Anthony, although very tired, fairly bolted up the steep barrier which blocked our way. It was terrible work, and to make the situation more weird, that awful bird followed in our wake and made matters lively for us I can tell you. This feathered chap is held sacred by all good colonists, owing to his proclivity for killing snakes—in fact he takes the place amongst landsmen the albatross does amongst sailors, and I believe this particular specimen of bis tribe had mistaken my broken axle wrapped in a blue blanket with the ends dangling at each side of An thony, for his favourite game — < black snake. Be that as it may, w< clambered up the steep incline. Sometimes plunging headlong into a deep ravine, sometimes colliding with a huge granite boulder, again a fallen tree'would block our way; but tbe dre&ded; laugh of that terrible bird caused my poor jaded animal to surmount all difficulties, and after " hair-breadth 'scapes/' too numerous to mention, we reached the mountain top. That it was a mountain there could be no mistake, calculated its height at a little over tr-vo miles—1 was going to say good miles, but that would have been a grave error; they were certainly the very worst I had ever travelled. From the tremendous attitude I had gained, I was quite surprised the summit was not covered with everlasting snow. I dismounted and laid my freight carefully on the ground, {with the object of giving poor Anthony a spell and a mouthful of grass if he chose to take it. Hard times for horses in those days, and no mistake, they had hardly anything to eat except what they picked up ; and as for stabling, there was none. Often, too, the owner knew nothing regarding the treatment a horse should receive—and cared less. I had scarcely stretched by burden on the ground when our humorous tormentor swooped down and made a grab at it. Of course, his disappointment must have been very great when he discovered the weight of the article far beyond his strength, but instead of taking matters seriously, as any sensible bird would have done, he nearly split his sides and back with laughter. On that lonely mountain top in the solemn stillness of the night, the effect of that bird's terrible mimicry was something appalling; and Anthony disappeared in the darkness like a shot, leaving me alone where perhaps few white men had ever trod before. Every one I darsesay has passed through some critical situation in the course of a life time, but this was the most trying I had yet encountered—that Anthony was lost I could not doubt, and in the darkness to find him I knew was a hopeless task. I believe that I shed a few bitter tears. I was young then and not so hardened as I am now, and yet I feel no shame in making the confession as there was no one by to witness my effeminate weakness. " But hark! that sound comes in once more." This time it was not the laughing jackass, but echoes of quite a fusilade of fire-arms, distant it is true, but still the effect was cheeriug. Scanning with intense earnestness the direction from whence the sounds proceeded I was well rewarded. Far, far beneath me I could dimly discern the reflection of numerous camp fires, and under the peculiar circumstances and sweeter vision never gladdened my eyesight. I might have quoted a line from a popular modern song, "Thon art so near and yet BO far." Had Anthony not deserted me I should have made a bold plunge down the dark mountain's side at once. But alas ! I was anchored by an axle. After matmrc and earnest reflection and spirits animated by the fact that I was within but a short distance of a few of my fellow mortals, I decided to-remain where I was for the night, and if possible regain my truant steed in the morning, and in the daylight make up for lost time. I selected the best sheltering tree I could find, collected some boughs, nndid my blanket, and repeating a simple childish prayer learned at my mother's knee. I was quickly in dreamland, and pleasant dreams they were—hundreds of tons of gold were crying out to be released from beneath my improvised mattress, and I might help myself to my heart's content for my puns. This was my first experience of my dearly cherished "..Mount Tarrangower." TO BE CONTINUED. WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS smothers the voice of depreciation. Ask for for WOLFE'S and accept nothing else. All infeiii>r articles must disamwar before the genuine WOLIE'S SCHNAPPS. sure vou ob- TAIL WOLFE'S. 