CAtTLFIELTI TRATVTNft TCnTKS Tho weather yesterday morning turned out rather cold. There was u fair imtubcr of horses o:i tho course, but it was 6 o'clock before u start wju made. Bcckvrith aud Mooter John went 4 furlongs ou tdo grass for useful work. Kenneth cantered. Louisa UrrU and Geruldinu ran n useful mile, the former baring a long way tho lies:- hi it at the Uiush. L'ttle Joim was despatched for a good sound working gallop over 2 miles, King of tho West mid Jim Gain usshiUttg the Cup horse tho Ja t : mile, which was covered in fair time, l'atlonco and Cricket went healthy excrcLe 011 the tan. Jack was striding along at half pace. Grvculu Ksurlu-i was glu-n a plp-'-opcner on the grass, Nuwumter run a tuvrry round on the course proper. Gasburner, who picked aim up the las: £ mile was rather slow iu gctUag avsy, und allowed his companion to finish In front. Kuccuc circled a fu«t nmml on the sand. Bonnie laid cant-red. Carnarvon and Isabel rati from the mile to Ji;o half-nib', tho pair moving Ireo and well. Grace D-rlltig started from opposite tho winning post ou tho course proper aud brushed along in company with liinptvxH tu the mile, when U«Ut!y ran homo with tho Cup mare and beat her c.v.ily. Epicurean und The Ware were extended over 5 furlongs, (wind Sburk was piven ft turn over the schooling hurdles, performing (airly well, Wstrileld slipped over 5 furlong?. Anarchy bowled along ou the grass ; this man: Is beginning to luuk well umi should be about over short (fftiKiices. Albatms und Fuv. Fup covered a usuful mile, tho latter having her companion in difficulties at the end of tho journey. Guodwuod put in three rounds on the tan at half paeu. Thu Sussex colt went long useful work <m tne tan. Auibanjadrcs-x ma a fast half utile. Bride groom nitd Revenge moved ulong quietly, Alexandra and l'hoebe Walton worked on the tan. Ben Bolt per formed a rathffactory working gallop ou the grit, Lamlo assisting him the last tnllc; the Cu horse, who ran the last round lu rcspcctabte time looks tresh auu well, and will strip very fit on Tuesday next. Whtio- baii diil medium t.nco work. Slivennhio aud Bonnie Duon eonip.eted two turns ou the gnus lu a workmanlike manner, the pair going vs- peclully wclL Kohul went half pace exercise. CumuiiRc und Dnystar covered a round on the grass ut a iticful working pare, the former seeming to go in her old style. Pocahontas jumped off for a mile epic, Utn- bi-rto joining her 5 furlongs Iroiu hoiuc. The inure soon hud her tduhlu companion In trouble, tmd boat him easily ut the finish, il.o Mfn und Dougalston were ex ercised lAvr 6 furlongs. Tuwnlcy, with Butty up, went twice rouutl on tho inner circle for good strong vvoj k. Dexter und ikcracnamn covered 7 furlongs in gocd time. Crown Brand ran a useful ruaud on tho grass. B rkJey, Cndinnd und Fcotman broke off from the tnllc. ttiw tirat named pair accompanying the Imrdlo racer to the distance, where they roused off nnd allowed hint to finish atone. The Ghost brushed ulong tor a couplo of furlong-, ilazurd wb» doing mild cxurihc. Mustang, S.-a lire /.e. Moonlight and Jack Roach, who arr.rud yuttcrday Hotu Uippstand. Were doing good uscfx.l work ou tbo gr»ua und tan. Carnival uud Nectarine ran a fast 4 fm iongs. Tbe Crane und Uot iron cantered, did the 2-year-olds LHhologlst. Golden Fleece aud the Dug- mar colt. Culcugo and Faithful pat in medium work, moving along froui the half ufilc. After breakfast Giunu'orth cantered; Mistake did similar exercise. Lady ilark.c and anotlier ran houacfrom tile 4 furlongs. Boreas spirted 3 turlongs. Mr. Kn:shkus Uorsu Clarendon, St Albert. Maori Chief a:id Yoong Horatio left this morning for Tas mania in charge of their trainer, M. Doyle. 