GARHMI=E LINE: on THE CONVICT'8 BRIDE. A ROMANCE OF ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FAC'T,. By JiRANOIS. A, DU1?tIVAG . AuTolon OF ,. "The Brolther's Scerpr,," "A Lost Life," " 'lontelroy,"' tet CIIAPTER. x: (Continued.) " Poverty, I have a long journey to make . -voyageof months-and it requires money, a hundred pounds." ,Then you'll have to give it up,. said Wilson... " Where are the hundred pounds "to come from?" "I ask you for it, I beg it of you, to seave your child's life, I most go to Australia. :I imust be near my husband. It is the last favor I will ever ask of you. I will never \- suoe to you for another penny, for another morsel of bread. Do this and be rid of me for ever. Alas I alas I I know now that you nover loved me." Aun d why should I love you ?" " You ask why a father should love his ely ochild" -You are not' my hild." : - "Not your child I" "No. .And if your own fatliher casts you off, why should you expect that I could be So eowot.on you' .1" -:a-rmelinoe soa~i that' hohadi beon' drinking deeply, and was uioertaiii how much truth there was in what he said. Dut he went on in the same strain; . "Your father might shell out the needful, hut it is not very likely.". "Of whom are you spsakine, sir ?" " Of his grace, the Earl of llwood." Oarmeline was certain now that her sup posed father did not' know what he was say. ing. He kept chuckling and laughing, and repeating : "Ay, ay, the Earl of Elwood, the Earl of Elwood. A peer of, the realm-holds his head as high as a prince of the blood royal. Wouldn't noknowledge a poor devil of an innkeeper as his brother-in-law, not be. If I could only prove-but no matter I He shelled out pretty liberally though." "What are you saying about the Earl of ilwood, sir 7" "Nothing, nothing. Go to bedi don't bother me to-night. A hundred pounds I Pahaw I a moro trifle. Of course I've got 'em lying round looso,-tied'up in an old stooking, or something. I'm rich, by Jupi tor Iti Of course you shall have the hundred pounde I I think I see myself giviig 'em to you I Go to bod, g6 to hbed." SOarmelinc did go jo bed with a heavyhoert, The next day she again sought the innkeeper before he had time to becloud his faculties. "Sir,'?" she said, " last night you told me a. strange story." " I can't remember the day after whut I said overnight." "Do you remember me asking you for a ,hundred pund s? - " Someothing of the sort." " And you resisting my appeal, and saying that I was not your child,but the 'daughter o some great nobleman." - "And youn were green enough to beliove me? Pahawl Whon I'min myoupe I have strange fancies sometimes. You a lady and the daughter of a nobleman I The sooner you get seoh notlons outof your :head the better," "I will not dwell upon the subject since you tell me you were only jesting.' But, dear father, let me .renow my request. -I mst have the moans to go to Australia. I My life depends upen it." "Well, well, I'll see abbout it. I'll see what can be.done. I won't forget." "Remember," said Carmeline solemoly, "that my life depends upen my obtaining that money.: I am not jesting." -... When Thomas Wilson was alone - he : chuckled over an idea which had entered his scheming brain. He went to his desk and indited a letter to the Earl of Elwood-for Oarmelino's father hod succeeded to the title-in which he pleaded for a remittanco of a hundred pounds, to be ueed for the benefit of the earl's daughter, He requested it should' be sent under cover to him, and he promised, if the Earl acoeded to his request,' that he would never again trouble him for money. , The letter was by no means ill. written; and Wilson almosteflattered himself that the amount asked for would come by return of mail. Of course, ho never Intended iuving Carmeline one penny of it. Thomas Wilson, landlord of the George, knew better than that. Two days afterward- the lettorecarrier Stoped at the George Inn. "Thle is for you, Mhrs. Vernon," he said, placing a letter in Oarmelino's hand as she stood at the door. She glanced round to see that no one was lookiog.. She had grown suspicions of every one. The London pestmerk I Whoe could have written her from London ? It was ad. dressed, too Carmelino 'Yilson --not her married name. She-hastened to her room nli tore it open. It contained na cheque on the Overton Bank for one hundred pounds Otorling,payable to bhearer, and was cigned "Elwood." It seemed a gift from Heaven. Her prayers had been hoard,' her wishes ratieed. Sihe did not stop to ask Ihow it h that the. exact sem sla wonted came from London. She had forgotten the name of Elwood-she could think of nothing but tbomoney and all it promised her, Hiding the precious slip of pape r,-bo hurried to the banlt The cashier was slightly aciluainted with her, and nodded. flow carolessly he; handled the cieque, -glanced at it, and then tossed It in a drawer. " How will you have it,ma'am 2" SIn small notes, if you pleaoeo." She took the monoy, hid it, and hastened book to the inn. She had not smiled for many a day, but now, thoro wao aotually somethiog, like. a emile on bor wan, weary faeo. . SHer reputed father met her,at the door and noteood her expression. "You look something like you used to be,'! he gruntoed,. *' Father, some kind friend, some angel in disguise, has sent me a hundred pounds from London. ,Was It you I" "I was the means of it," heo muttered. How did this money come i ' "In a letter-a cheque." "Signed by whom 2" - "I don't remember. Maywood, or some Such nome,. "Elwood 2" .... ... "Yeeo that wae it. Only just Elwood." "An old palon mine in the city.- I wrote to him about yeaou." " Dear--dear father l" "No thanks, irl." ' ;He was greatly disappointed in not get Ring the remittanee himself, but, on second thoughts, conoluded it, was as well to let the' girl go. She would never be a burdon or expense to him. When all was arranged for the journey to' London, she bade him an affectionate faerm. well, and he made a hypocriticall show of parental affection. It did not deceive her. She felt that she was an unloved oneo. The Conqueror, an omigrant' ship, lay in the Thames, She was crowded with paese- gere eagerly embarking on a voyage of thirteen thousand miles, by the shorlest route, lured by fabulous stories of the goldeq wealth of Australia. Carmelino had engaged a steerage passage) so that she might at the end of her voyago still have some funds left to support her until she should obtain employment in the far-off, ounknown land. A strange mixture of peopleto surrounded her-bad and good, with a predominance of the former. But she formed the acquaint: ance of a quiet family, and associated with them exclusively during the tedious voyage of four months. In spite of gnawing care, she felt a thrill of pleasure when at last the land-breeze wafted to the ehip the odorof epioyfowere. Soon a dear little land.bird lighted in the rigging. Then, as night deepened, Cape Otway Light seut .forth its cheering beams, lioke the rays of the star of hope. That night Oarmeline could not close her eyes., She eat on the crowded deck, watching the constellations th blazed above her in all the beauty of a south ern heaven. Tho next day the Conqueror ploughed her way along the elevated coast of Cape Otway forest, and entered Port Phillip Boy. The pilot came aboard, bringing files of Melbourne papers, which were distributed among the passengers. One of these was read aloud by Mr. Jores, the head of the family to which Carmelino had attached her self during the voyage. ' A hl" aid ho; "hero's something. Two convicts shot in trying to escape. Serve 'em right l" " Where did this happen, sir 2" asked Car. molines, ." At Norfolk Island." \- Norfolk Island I-the place of his imprison. ment I She forced herself to say: "I suppose the names of theso rinforta. nato men are not given, ir?" - - " Unfoitanate men, my dear 2" said Mr, Jones,... I- tell you they were conviets. No nam es? "'Yea h' ~-r-d'h'-tli "nam es' in f uol--l TIano Thonfpson and Luke Vernon, the last a dsperato charaoter, the paper says." With an appalling Shriek, the convict's wife fell to the deck. Mr. Jones applied the usual restoratives in cases of fainting. . The incident caused but a momentary excitement on the crowded deek. " Only a woman in'a fit," passed from mouth to mouth, and the drinking, singing, and specu. lating wore resumed after a minute's, in. tervoal. - "Poor thing I" whispered Mcrs. Jones to her husband.. " She told me her name was. Vernon. Maybe one of them men was her husband." Carmelite was long in coming to horself, and then the effort to appear calm almost killed her. But she asked to see the paper aflter awhile, and, hiding her face with the broad sheet, read every word of the fatal news. The two convicts were attempting to escape 'in a boat; the guard fired on them, and they anlk. Bodiee not recovered., Dead I dead r I I, whom she loved in spite of his guilt, was dead, and she was alone in the world, thirteen thousand miles from England I She did not shed a.tear, and a freezing torpor, like that of death, congealed her frome. Mrs. Jones pitied, but forbore to question her. "Wq e onr. going ashore now," said the good woman. "bIlr. Jones hos engaged 'a boot to take USno to Liardet'e beach. WVill you comu with us 2" "Yes; certinly," replied Carmeline,. in a hurried, flighty way. "Certainly, cer. tainly." After landing, the Jonesen insisted on hor riding with them, in acart they had engaged, to Melbourne. They were going yet farther, but Carmeline stopped in the town. She engaged lodgings with a Seotehwoman, a Mrs, Murdockaon, who had been re. commended to her by the captain of the Conqueror. The terms were frightfully high, yet low in comparison with thoso of other boarding places. p o " You will have supper, of course?" said the landlady, as she showed her guest into a miserable attic room. is"Only a cup of tea," gasped Carmolino. ,"est-rest I . I want rest.". SSh laid aside her bonet'anadshawl,then lay down upon the bod without undressing. The landlady brought the tea, which was ewallowed; then undressed and went.t° "b'DnadlI dead I" she kept murmuring, as she pressed her hands to her burning head. OHAPTE1 ·XI. AUaTOALAL1t- fTnE. DUOf." Carmolino awoke from a treoubled s?iop un. rofreshed, and with her awakenig omein a sense of her utter dosolatlon, moro poignant' than the agony h,- felt.when the ltunning Sblo ,o the otalnewes Drst.came to her on' shipboard. For days eho moved on as in a dream torpid, listlss, deospairing. At last came n letter from the gold dicioge 01 . e. Thu Jonesce were tryisg tiser fortune there, and they noeded h?lp in the houscekeping. They offered Carmelino bed, board and wageo for her domestio services. She felt that ehe must go to work, not only to support hernelf( for her money was last ebbing away, bet that nho needed employ. mentoaa diversion from brooding over her , bereavement. Sho answered the letter, ac. eeptlng the offer, nod innouocing that she would o through with the flret eonveysne that left . .lulbeurno under esuort, for evi!" ha ract?r? loitered about the traek of -ml graots, and morn than 0ne lamily hod been plun'lered by bushranger, eo that it wos not Ssolo to venture on the track without ? ?the pro. teetlon of the armed and -ounoed poliee. In a few..dayo tho o1,portusiiy ore ered, ondsto scored a 1placo in a wugon belonginlo to one Mike lulligan, who, with his weile anml twe ohildron,'wero bound lor tle gold distriet. Vhen she had paid hor faro and settled with heo landlady she found she had loll thirty poundo sterlinf. This wao none too much for a reneve fund in n oountry where a few days illness would absorb oven a larger amount. :. Carmeline was very ill when she took leave ,of Mrs. lMurdockson,hoer kind.hearted land lady, who urged her to postpon her journey, bult her feverish impationoe' to obtain someno thing like a home in a strangeland urged her T"?'nu dietance to be, traversed was about eighty miles, but as there were bullook teams In the train, the progrea9 of the caravan was ncessearily slow; moreover,the road in some places was deep nod diffllicult, and the emi. grants could only hope to reach their desti. nation in four or five days. ' It was a motley procession of mounted mon, tilt-oarts, land heavy baggage wa5ons, some of them piled with household forniture. The escort consisted of a dozen well mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in their belts, repeating carbines elung at their baoks; and helmets on their heads. When they reachod a suitable spot at night, they encampedoand blvouacked in the open air. It was no pleasure trip. At frequent inter. vals the emigrants had to traverse swamps of sticky mud that olung to the wheels of the wagons like glue. They passed through forests savage and dense. Sometimes they saw traces of great buoshfires that had swept the country with devouring flames, leaving' here and there great tracts of dead, scorched trees, that loomed op in the night against the starry sky like ghastlyslheletons. Sometimes a huge'fallen tree barred the road, and it was. neceseary either to hoew it to pieces' and re. move it or to flank it by turning into miry fields by the road-side. 'In erossing a tributary of the Yarra River, Michael Mulligan mot with a misfortune. His wagon broke down, and his jaded horses refused to move a step further. He vainly, sought to procure other animals to enable him to keep pace with the.train. Every borso and oe in the caravan-had as much as they could do already; many of the draught animals had broken down, and all the spare ones had been forced into harness. " ' ' The utmost that could.be done for the oun. fortunate family was to take them on in one of the baggage wagons. But Mike and his wife could not abandon the cart,. It contained their little aIl. Nor would Cormeline leave them in their'distress. She had, conceived an affection for those poor honest.people. Though they did not urge her, she knew that they would be rejoiced to have her stay with them. After all, what was one night passed out of doors under a benefieont Australian sky-? Some of the emigrants went to work and got Mike's wagon out of the bed of the stream and drew it to a dry place by the rand.sido. Tho horses did not need to be hobbled; they were too tired to stray. "By the time this job was finished the -rear of the column had disappeared over the 'brow of an adjoining hill. The good-natured emigrants who had lingered behind shook hands with Alike and then started to regain Mike's wife sat down on a rock and had. a good cry; while Carmeline played with the children and Mike lit his pipe. After this solace the man went to work,and nnoucdced ih a few hours.in repairing his wagon. Bat the horses wore still unfit for. work, and night was coming on. Mike thought that they could manage to •sleep comfortably enough under the canvas cover of the cart, but he expressed a childish fear of "lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, and all thim haythen animals that go roarin' round eeokin' somebody to devour." SO~srmeline, who was not so ignorant of the 'zoology cf Australia,'essured him that helhad; 'nothing to fear on that aceount,for such dan. gerous animals were unknown.. -. "S re, thin; it's a bliased country, miss," was his reply, " St. Patrick 'must have taken it in his way when he came to dhrive thim varmints out of ould Ireland into, the say." . Oarmalin' took him aside. "MAike," she said; "there are those who. are more dangerous than wild boasts and reptiles." " Ghosts and banshees, inis 7?" "No, no, Mikeo; but bad men-thieves, bnshrongers. You will have to watch to night. Are you armed ?" "Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an Ameri. can eixeshooter as money can buy." "I hope you will have no oceasion to use it. But I would make no fire. We can dispense with tea and coffee." Following Oarmelino's advice, the little party mado'a meal on cold meat and bread, and then crept under the cover of the cart and arranged themselves as well as they could for the night-an anxious one, which passed, however,without incident. At dawn of day the harsh soreams of a hundred cockatoos, making a musio like the rasping' of a thousand giant saws, awoke them. Other birds joined in-magpies, leatherheads, and laughing jackasses. Green, red; and blue parrots flew from branch to branch of -the forest. Tall cranes stalked along the banks of the river,'or stood motion., loss beside it. Mika had not passed a sleepless night. Poor fellow I he was tired out, and had taken more than one nap, grasping his revolver, however. With the opening of day his toll recommenced. The hories, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their fill of a short,' sweet grass, were in a good con dition.. The cart would hold' together, pro. vided there were no more bad places to cross.- . \- So they niade a hearty meal, harnessed the team, and resamed their march. After a abort dietance the road became bordered by beautiful flowers, and canmeline alighted to pluck some, telling the Mulligans to keep on and shewouldsoon overtake them. There were yellow overlastinge, butteroups, larkspurs, lobelias, orohieees, and a bdautilful flower like the star of Bethlohem which she had never seen before. Passionatoly fond of flowers-thoee most delicate gifts of Heaven-. the young widow was lured from spot to spot by their fascination. She left the beaten track'and struok into the woods, attracted by some crimson or snowy beauty peeping from the grass.: She did' net go' far, however.' When she had gathered an armful of flowers, enough to'os cupy, the ehildron for hours in making bouquets and coronals, she hurried back to wards the road, as she thought. :. .But it is easy to lose bne's self in the Aus tralisn bush; and lost she soon discovered that she was. She cried aloud, strainingher luang to the utmost. " M?ike I Mika 1" " Alasl only the discordant ories of cookae toos nd parrcqaets answered her. g "Mike l Miko I" she eried again and again, and then stopped and listened. There was a rustling and orackling 'io the bushes, and then two savage-looking men, "with shaved heads and tattered elvthes, look ing indeed like wild beasts, made thoir ap peaiance.. Eacsh of them carried a'stout stick in his hand,' "Oau we do anything to serve you,mum?" asked one of themi ducking his head with mock civility. sh controlled her terror, and answered: 'I.havo lost my way, sir. If you guide mc to the road, you, will earn my thanke." "'When one gets lost in the nush," said the spokesman of the two, "it's a matter of lifo nnd death. 'ThanlskIs a wonll enough. " But it's worth noney to find the trailegain." I'll py you liberally,' said Carmoline, inoautiouely. S"She's got money," said the first ruflan to hlse companion. The other winked. " "Woll, mum, I'm'agreeable to not no 'guido," said. the mn. ""Follow us, my charmer. We hnow the bush. This way. STheybroke a way fore Oarmolino' tlrough the denseo undergrowth." But theylod her uabh a distance that shobecama alarmed; she Shnew the rda'l could,not be so far oft, and when they had roahced a beaten track she haltld;. ,. '!DDoes not tble path lead to the main, road?' she asked. . .PYes'um. . Turn to the right and yeu njl1 soon strike it,'. 'answered the man she had addressed.; W'd'go:with Iyu,.but mo and my pal has retired from publie life and never show oureelyes to our.contemporariee.' "I will now pay you for your eervices,"said Cirmelina. "Yem'um. The regularfee tfor guidin' a hindividual out of the bush is two paunds.' " Teyo pgundsl" "Two pounds, mum, regular, But when a lady's in the case, we deduokse half on it.. Hand hover one pound mam, itfo y pleanso.", " Unfortunately all Carmeline's money weas together, and she had to produce her little roll o1 notes. "Seeing is having I" shouted the. foremost raffian, and he snatched the treasure out,of her baud, . Not heeding her pitnesoary,thetwio villiae spraginte the bush. To turn to the right and fly along the path with the speed of the'fawn wao Oarmeline'€' instant action., But to her horrorat-a-tarn 'of the path, the rulane- again confroented S"Halt I" cried the man Rho had 'done all the' talking, braediehing his club. "YoTu ara our lawfol prire." Carmelin shrieked aloud for help, though well-aware. of the hopelessness of human aid. " Give her a ra op ver the knowledge.box," sald.tho second rnaglan. "e ll right," replid bis comrado, and a terrible, blow laid her senseless on. the grouned: "I asear,"eaid the assailant, as e steooped to lift her, "I'believe I've killed her r" " Hark I" orad hi comrade, liltilg aswarn. ing fnger. "The gallop elfahobrel I We're Tha ether villain dropped the. lifeless girl,, and, following' the lead o1 his aooomplice, plunged into the thorey thickets, through which they writhed their way like serpents. It was no falsea alarm. The bushrangeris made their escape just before a stout man,' wellt-maoned, with a repeating rifle slung at hie bck, camr thundering. uop the oronat path,. At sight of the stunned sand bleeding woman Ice threw his horse on hie hlausnolce by a pull at the powerful curb and flung him. self Irom the saddle. The trained animal stood like a statue. "Mbare of these villalns' bloody' nort I" said tile lhorseman as he bent over larmelinec "Thank IIcaven, they left it atwnished. HIer life may yet be saved." le rau tI a brook, dipped up eobm water in the crown of hlis solt hat, hattened hack, andbathed the face of the unfortunate woman. Sle muttered eema incoherent words, Opened and hcct her eye?. When he raised her tfrom the" ground, she sri~uggled with him a moment, and then her musaole relaxed. SCarefully raising her, he mounted, holding her In his arms as teuderly as if she had been a sleeping infant, while at a word his horse struk into a gentle canter. . . Two or three miles of riding.on the velvet turf brought them to a clearing, and then passing through a gate iu a stockade fence, up a gen'tla slope, along an avenue of saccrias, to a rude bat comfortable .farm.louse, wibth outlying buildings scattered round. - There. was an of freshness about everything, the .,house aid feoniogo, which showed that it be. Slonged to'a re'ent settler., " A hearty old lady came to the door to'wel. come hlim, but turned pale and hold up her hauds when she bohold his atrange burden a young woman, apparently lifelies, her faes bathed in blood. . "Mother," said the horseman, sblemnly, "behold your charge I" " Who has done this cruel thing?" asked the ohl lady, as she received Carmoline into her arms. "Whoabut the biushrangers? But those vermin shall be hunted from the face of the. earth l" "CIAPTER XII. Two HEARTS. When Carmelinue nea more opened her eyes to the light of day and of reason, she found herself lying in a comfortable bed, round which mosquito ourtains were carefully drawn; in a plainly furnished room. The sun was up. She had overslept her. self. It was high time to rise, But, to her surprises she found herself.anable to get out of bed., Then she glanced at her arms; they were all wasted away. She passed her hands feebly over her face; that, too, was thin and hollow. "What has happened to me ? Where am I " sho cried aloud in terror. "You are safe, among friends," ,said a kindly voice, as an elderly matron came forward and seated herself by her bedside. Carmeline passed her hand over her fore head. "Iremember," she muttered, "somethingc terrible. I remember being attacked by bush-. rangers in the forest. Who brought mec here? How long hade I bean here I Is this place Ballarat ?" " My dear child, you must krep quiet, Ballarat? No, indeed; that's only a settle. ment ot shanties and tents. You are in a farm-house. My son found you, 'tunned and bleeding, and brought you hero. This is my'housne. My name is Mrs. Carter." "Bnt how long have I been here ?" "Three weeks to.day." "And I have. knodwn. nothing all that time I" " You have boon vary ill, and out of your head. But last night was the'ctial of your illnaos Tihe. doctor said that if. you passed. a quiet night and awoke rational, hliwould guaranteo your recovery." " My dear madame, I' owe you my lilf."' ! You owe it to One who heoard. your cry for help and directed my son to your rescue," replied Mrs. Carter, solemnly. "But of this we will speako hroifter-not now. Take this." The good womana held a cup to the pale lips of the sufatrer, Who drank thell contents.. Then, sinkig'baclk on her pillow, she closed her eyes in a slumber an sweet and peacelil as an infant's Dr. Beverley had judged the patient's ease rightly. From this day ael began to mend rapidly, and in n ,week more was able to leave the room and go about the house. The good woman .who had tknen eisch mothtrly. care of her' was repaid for all her watching and nursing when she saw Iher charge seated in an a'rm.ohair at the wiiedow' of the little parlor on the first floor ,with a clear light in her beautiful eyee,' a faint 'smile en her lips, and a faint tinge of rose-color on her velvet cheeks. "My son will soon be here.to pay his respects to you," she said.' .' There is his step I I should know it among a thdu nand. Tho dor opened; a manly form entered. "Carmnline I" "Mr. Meredith Ik' . Such were their mutual oxelamnations. Yes, Carmeline was beneath the roof of her oldlover. He, whom she had rojactad for a worthless rival, had saved her lifa.in thebo forest; his motherihad saved hcirllf in the farm;house.. Meredith l1ad not recogniased her when ha recued her banuseo her fabe was then bathed with ioblo a from hor woun, 'and he had .not aeona her from the i moment: he had givea hOer into hia. mother'" obargo till now. The old lady was a second time a widow, henc her name, Carter, had pro. vented the invalid guessing at the truth,. iBoth wero greatly agitated; and it was some time bolore they ould sopeak calmly.., ;Meredith noticed the black ribbons on Carmelinc's.drcss-sho had 'not had an op. jportunity.Cof providing a full suit of mourn. ong-and said: : - " - in You have" lost a friend'?!' S My husband,' she said averting her face. .Poor thing I "'*B young to bo a widow I;' said Mrs. Carter. .' · a SCarmeline glaced up at Meredith..' It was an -appealing.look,: and ho. understood it. She did not wish to reveal her painful story. lie gave her to underatand by a rapid gesture that he comprehebonded her and .would.respect her wishes. '" How strange that you should have known Mre.---l:meanthis lady," ;eaidiMrs. Carteor " I beg yourpardon, but you .know I never asked your name, my dear." - " - :' ..Vernon," said Carmolino, easting down her eyes. . - : ' '-Yee, I wasacquainted with Mrs. Vernon inEngland'," said Meredith; _ and I: aem very h'ppy to havoe boen. of: service to her. But nowyou inus excauseo me, madoam,"'- he -a-dded,.addeoeing Carmeliue. " I lead a very busy life, anid lave. a'thousand?"atters.to attend to." - 4.-$ . . . h:ahd'he remained another moment.in the room he wrould have betrayed himsell, 'Ho ho'd need-:of being.alone'to commune, with H:is own thoughts. Carineline beneath his; roof, hand a widow I . .: . IMre. Carter was untiring in the praise off her son,. .The good lady had now secured a' listener, and she ran on for an hour on her. favorite theme.. She otold 'how sucaesolul :Mark had seen,.how'lucky hae had been at the gold diggioge, how fortunate in his land' speculations, how. well his cattle had turned' out. HII was-always a good eon, she said, and an houcst; steady man, and Providence had.blessed him beyond his wildest hopes. Carmclino, listened with mingled pleasure and pain. She rejoiced at Meredith's success;, but she regretted that she was a temporary inmate of hi? house. Had it been a stran gee's, sho would have been glad to remain ih his employ contented with retirement and hard work. But her former relations with the master forbade her -continuing in, his family.; She resolved,.0o soon as she had gained a little strength, to leave Meredith'e Hope, as he had prettily named his settle; meat, and to seek other shelter. In the meantime she communicated with the Joneses, announcing her safety and her In. tention of joining them at Ballarat as soon as possible, rcqeesting them to advance her a small sum of money-for she was now penni. lees-to pay hci travelling expenses. The 'letter remained unenswcred. Durinog"thn delay she made herself useful about the house, and so endeared herself to UMri. Carter, by her resignation,industry, and aexterity, that the old lady came to love her like a child. Of course Carmeline was thrown continually into the society of Mark, who was always courteous, but grave and anim pausioned. It was evident that the old love had died out; as for herself, her own heart, ao she thought, was dead within her. ' At last the long-expected letter front the Joneses reached her, having an enclosure of money. They were pleased at'the prdepeot of her joining them. She communicated the intelligence to Mrs. Carter, and announced her purpose of leaving Meredith's Hope for Ballarat at once.' Mrs. Carter was thunderetrack.' " Why, my dear, I never dreamed of you leaving uo t" she said, and the old lady began to cry. "oI am tired of eating the bread of idlo ness," said Carmcline. e"Idlencss I Don't talk such stuff as that. ohney couldn't pay for the help you've been to me, And then, I thought you'd begun to like me a little." "IAke you a little I You have been a 'mother to me. From the first moment I opened my eyes on your dear face, my heart went out to you. Dear, dear Mita. Carter, I loved you," and poor Carmelino burst into tears. 'Then why won't you stay and comfort the old lady ? What are these Jonoses to you ? Are they relatives " ' : "They were very kind to me on the voyage." SAnd haven't I been ? But tis will be ncive for my eon; I must tell him of it." " Say then, dear madam, that my resolu tion is irrevocable." The old lady bustled out of the room and. did not return to it: In a few moments the' door opened and Mark Meredith stood beside her. He was even graver than usueal. I My mother tells me, eMrs. Vernon, that you have decided to leave us,- and is almost broken-hearted about it. I had hoped that you would, remain as her companion, and that we had succeeded in making you com fortable here." " Mr. Meredith," answered Carmeline, trying to imitate a calmness, " the moat tranquil and comfortable days of mylife have been passed beneath you hospitable roof. I owe you more than shelter, I owe you my life, and when I am fr away from here, night and morning will I pray on bended knees that the choicest blessings of heaven descend in unstinted bounty on Meredith's Hope." '"Meredith's Hope I Meredith's Desola tion, rather, when you have left us I" cried Mark. All his stoicism vanished. " Carme. lin l Carmelino I you are the oruelest of worien. Do you think a man who once loves cn ever forglt? Do you thck I oan forgot the poor little barefooted girl who tended sheep on Overton Common I Do you think I can forget the beautiful woman who touched my heart as no woman over did :before or ever can ngain? You eould not love me then, but I did think that the bitter experience of life had changed your heart. Was it not Providenoce that reunited us after a long separation ?-I still adoring, you once "more free to listen to mel Carmeline, whilo yon were another's I could still the beatings of my heart, could finod in toil an anodyne to agony, but now I now I there is nothing bids me be silent, nothing bids me refrain from declaring my unndying love. Carmolipne I -Carmeline I Again I askyo to be my wife.' "I am penniless, and you are rich.' "Hod I all the gold in Australia, I should be poor without your love; with it in poverty I'sheuld be wealthy.", - Carmelino pressed her hand to her heart, and leaned -against the window-framo for 'support. Meredith sprIng to hor side; he took her' hand; hbe drew her to him; her head dropped on his shoulder. Hiding her face, abshe fal tered out: ' . "Oh,' Mark, I love youl How I love Then,; by a sudden troneition, she pushed l.him away from her, raised her hbnd, dried her streaming eyes, and then said: " Yes, Mark, I love you-love you dearly-. so dearly thatI can never be your wife."' Mark Meredith fell from rapture to des pair. "Why-why I" he asked, in a tdne of the bitsrrest agony.' "bi ccaeo aI a Oconvict's sldeloa." " Will you permit your misfortune to stand in the way of my happiness 1?" asked Meredith. "laor. me, Mark," said Carmeline, and she now spoke quite calmly; "I have asked you to conceal my storyfrom your mother, and you havo done so. Now go to her and tell In "Do not ask me to do that." "You see thlat I was right. Dot if you do 0 not toll her,'I will..'.ark,, listot' youc mothor; she wiltoll you'that I know my duty ; 'ho will console you' when weo are paoted' forever."' :' ' 