Conference off the Wesleyan Methodist Church. (Abridged from the S. M. Herald.) j SATURDAY, JANUARY 30. j The secretary read a telegram from Nymagee, protesting against the amalgamation of the Cobar and Nymagee circuits. The following committee was nominated and ap- proved of to draw up the resolutions of tho confer- ence on Tongan affairs :-Revs. J. B. Waterhouse, W. Clarke, Messrs. W. Davies raid B. James. The next business was a discussion on the work of God. The Rev. J. W. Brown read a paper he had prepared at the request of the ex-president. The subject he dealt with was their perils, with the hope that out of the nettle of danger they might pluck the flower of safety. Mr. W. Davies then read a paper, in which he contrasted the position of Methodism in New South Wales and Queens- land in 1885 with that held by it in 1855. During the period named their churches had increased from 185 to 740, attendants from 15,650 to 59,239, ministers from 31 to 141, and mem- bers from 2693 to 8839. A lengthy discussion followed the reading of these papers. Event- ually the following resolution was adopted: -The statistical returns of our church having has brought before the conference, and papers having been read by the Rev. J. W. Brown and Mr. W. Davies, and a lengthened conversation having taken place upon the state of the work of God amongst us, the conference desires to record its thankfulness to the great Head of the Church for the increase in Church membership reported from all the districts in New South Wales and Queens- land ; for success granted to us in many_ depart- ments of Church work, as also for Bpecia^ grace given to our afflicted brethren and people in .the South Seas, in circumstances of severe trial ; and re- alising that our one need to-day, as ever, is that of a more vigorous spiritual life in our societies,' and of more practical effort in saving the souls of the people around us, we solemnly resolve to pray for an outpourinEr of the Holy Ghost amongst us, and to consecrate ourselves afresh to the work of God in these lands. And we further resolve that as early as convenient in the year a week shall be set apart for special prayer and special religious services." A short session of the ministerial conference was then held, at which several native assistant minis- ters were received on probation, and arrangements were made for the ordination of Revs. W. Lucas and H. Worrall, at Stanmore, on Thursday evening next. Mr. Worral is designated for mission work in Fiji, and will proceed there forthwith. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1. The Rev. M. H. Parkinson brought up the report of the Queensland Home Mission fund, together with its balance-sheet. The report was adopted. Permission was given to the committee.to bring out three ministers from England, subject to arrange- ments being made by the Queensland district meet- ing. The Rev. M. H. Parkinson also submitted the report and balance-sheet of the Queensland Wes leyan Book Depot. The report was adopted, thanks voted to the book steward and committee, and the. Rev. J. Spence was appointed book steward and secretary of Home Missions for 1886. The Rev. J. E. Moulton, chairman of the Tongan district, explained the finances of the district. Up to the end of 1883 there was a clear balance- sheet, but in 1884 the northern part of the group failed to pay its quota and a debt was left of ¿8383 17s. In 1885 it was impossible to hold meetings as mo3t of the people were in banishment. He urged that in present circumstances it was highly desirable that the district should be relieved of debt. The report of the deputation to Tonga in re its financial affairs was then submitted to and considered by the conference. An animated discussion enBued on the general subject of Tongan finances. The . es- tablishment of a Tongin relief fund was advocated by several speakers, and a suggestion that a subscription list should be opened in the conference was taken up with enthusiasm. Subscriptions varying in amount from ¿61 to ¿850 were volunteered by ministers and representatives, and in about an hour the sum of ¿6675 was promised towards the maintenance of Wesleyan Church work in Tonga and the relief of the struggling remnant there. The announcement of the result was received with loud cheers. It was also resolved that the Rev. J. E. Moulton and the Rev. Joni Faubnla kavo permission to visit the circuits under the conference and aluo the other colonies as far as practicable in the interest of the Tongan Relief fund, and that they be commended to tho sympathy and support of the Wesleyan people of the colonies gofieraUy. The following were appointed as a committee to co-operate with Mr. Moultonand advise him on matters pertaining to thef und, viz., Revs, the President, J. A. Nolan, Dr. Kelynack, W. Clarke, W. Moore, G. Brown, the Chairmen of Districts, and Messrs. James, Craw- shaw', Miller, Hunt, Fletcher ; Rev. W. J. Davis and S. E. Lees, treasurer. On the motion of the Rev. J. E. Moulton, the matter of the Tongan new laws, together with the financial recommendations of the deputation, were remitted to the committee appointed to formulate resolutions on Tongan affairs, to recommend such action as might bo con- sidered desirable. It was also resolved to Bend a cablegram to Tonga, via Now Zealand,'informing Mr. Crosby of what had been done. The Rev. G. Lane reported the result of the de- liberations of a special committee appointed by last conference on Theological Institution affairs. The committee recommended the appointment of the Rev. J. H. Fletcher to the theological tutorship exclusively ; and suggestions were also made for the building of a new wing for the accommodation of the students. These matters, with others, were remitted to a committee for consideration and report at a later Session. The Rev. J. A. Nolan read the balance-sheet of the fund. The cost of maintenance and education of'students for the year was ¿8506, and collections and subscrip- tions amounted to ¿6300. Discussion ensued on this report, and it was reBolved that the deficiency should be made up in equal amounts by the Newington College Council and Sustentation and Extension Society. The thanks of the conference were voted to Rev. J. A. Nolan and Mr. P. P. Fletcher for their services as treasurers, and the Rev. W. H. George and P. P. Fletchor were appointod treasurers for 1886. . On Monday evening the annual meeting of the missionary society was held in the York-street Wesleyan Church, which was crowded on the occasion. The Rev. Dr. Kelynack, the general secretary, read the report. The accounts for the year 1885 had not been made up. The balance sheet for 1884 showed that the receipts from aU sources for the year ended December, 1884, had been ¿612,981 6s Id. To make up which a grant from the special help fund of ¿8455 6s 9d was required. The report detailed the work car- ried on among the Chinese in Victoria and New South Wales, and at the various stations among the islands of the Pacific, and concluded by urging for the society a supreme place in the affections of the people. A resolution was carried adopting the report and expressing thanks to God for the suc- cess that has attended the work of the society ; and a special one referring to the recent jubilee cele "bration in Fiji, and the thanks and gratitude it caUed forth. The latter resolution was moved by the Rev. Dr. Kelynack, who in a lengthy and eloquent speech described the rise, progress, and present position of the missionary movement in Fiji which might he pronounced one of the most remarkable that ever found a record in the annals of the Church. The resolution was seconded by Ratu Joni Faubula, who spoke in Tongan, and the address was interpreted by the Rev. J. E. Moulton. A collection token amounted to .£52. It was slated that in addition to the ¿8750 collected in Conference that morning in aid of the Tongan relief fund, a friend had contributed ¿8100, making the amount ¿C850, and after tho resolution had been carried further contributions brought the amount up to «C920. The usual resolution of thanks waa passed, and the proceedings closed with singing and I prayer. 