D. D. HOME, THE SPIRITUALIST- "the new tohk would. 1 Daniel Douglas Home, who died in London recently, was cither the most remarkable medium that the world has ever seen, and really capable of performing miracles, or ono of the most infamous impostors that ever success- fully played upon human credulity. An orphan boy, Home was brought from Scotland to the United Statc3 by an aunt, w-ho in vain tried to make a former of him. One day, when ho was about 14 years of age, he was sharply repri manded by his aunt for not going to work in the fields as directed. He excused himself on the ground that ho had seen and been in communication avith tho spirit of a playmate, whoso death had greatly af- icctod him. Strongly imbned, as the Scotch mostly are, with a high respect for second sight and everything pertaining to tho supernatural, the aunt unhesitatingly credited his statement, and from his desire to shirk work may be dated his career as a spiritualistic medium, I have heard him tell tho story of how he lay lounging on his bed one hot after noon, thinking what he could say to his aunt to excuse his absence, when suddenly the spirit of his departed friend rose before him and made plain and clear his futuro lifework. It was atimely interposition in his favor, coming, as it did, when almost all the civilised world were more or less interested in supposed revelations from tho spirit land, when tho "manifesta tions" of the Fox Sisters were still recent enough to agitate thoughtful, truth seeking people, and divide society into tho three classes — believers, disbelievers and inquirers. Early manhood found the whilom penniless and bare foot boy a fnll fledged medium, with money enough to try his fate in other lands. He aimed high, his mark being naturally Louis Napoleon, who was known to be almost as superstitions and as confirmed a fatalist as was his illustrious uncle. It is not to bo doubted that Home had two sittings with Napoleon III. Marvellous were the events said to have occurred on these occa sions. Home himself told me that Louis, Euge'nie and several dignitaries of the court were present each time. Tho first time the sitting accorded him was not long enough for him to do more thnn to materialise a few spirit flowers — one of which struck tho Empress full in the face and greatly alarmed her. A few shadowy forms appeared, which the Emperor said he recognised as relatives of his. At the next sitting Homo said ho was in full power, and materialised, or pretended to ma terialise, a number of disembodied spirits. They formed a circle around the Emperor, to his evident amazement and terror. Ho recognised and called his mother by name. Suddenly they all vanished, and ono solitary figure appeared, and advanced to the Emperor. He was dressed as tho pictures of the Littlo Corporal, and was cosily re cognisable as Napoleon I. Louis turned white, but, with trembling lips, managed to utter the words : — " My fate ? In the same tone in which a person in life would speak the reply was given, only low and impressive : "Like mine — discrowned and death in exile." As the ghost spoke he placed both hands on his nephew's shoulders, Louis fell back in his chair as if about to faint. With a moan the Empress swooned, the spirit form vanished, and in tho alarm and confusion of resus citating Eugenie Home was hurried from the Tuilerics, nor could any entreaty of the medium ever induce their Majesties to admit him to their presence again. This is the account given by Home in 1862 of the sittings that had taken place a short time previously. However strange Home's powers may have been beforo 1862, at this date almost the whole fashionable world of London was sitting at the medium's feet wait ing for his " power " to return, it having lett him, according to his own confession, as sud denly and strangely as is had come to him. He had unbounded fame by this time, having had stances with almost every person of distinc tion in Europe from royalty down. Queen, Victoria had not long1 been widowed, and, reluctant to entirely loso her loved one, was eagerly stretching out to Spiritualism, hoping that it might bridge over the tcrriblo chasm that separates life from death, llumo was pri vately sent for, but, whether bound to secrecy or whether his powers failed to summon spirits then could not bo learned, for tho medium, usually so eloquent upon his own spiritual per formances, could never be induced to reveal a word of what took placo at tho stance with the Queen. He allowed it to ho inferred thatwliat took place in the presence of royalty was of too sacred a character to be impnrtcd to ordinary mortuls. But that her Majesty had rccoived a medium was sufficient to mako blind, unquestioning believers of more than half the greatest and highest people of the realm, conspicuous among thorn being Sir Edward Lylton Bulwcr, who about this period wrote that blood curdling talc, A Strange Story. „ ' . Among! the j firmest believers of .tlio. doc trine of spirit UaliSiu nud tlie wormqst '.frjtmls and partisans of Mr. Homo wero a MV. TVilbain Wilkinson and his wife. Mr. Wilkinson was a distinguished lawyer, and resided near Hamp- stead Heath. Mrs. Wilkinson used to draw spirit flowers. They wero exquisitely beauti ful, but bore littlo resemblanco to flowers of the earth. From them was taken tho description of spirit flowers which will bo fonnd in A Strange Story. At the Wilkinsons' the very pick and flower of London society of that day and the lions of other countries frequently met. I have said that about this time Homo owned that he had lost temporarily his mediumistic power. I should havo added for tho purposo of goncral sit tings. Tho reason he gave for it was that the spirits had directed him to rcservo his iuflucnco entirely for the euro of Mrs. Jane Lyon, a rich English widow of raaturo age. She had been a great beauty in her day, and was still, when Homo met her, a well preserved and dashing society woman. In some way, which I bare now forgotten, slio had lost her left hand, and always wore n false hand covered with a kid glovo. On tho death of her husband slio became an inquirer into spiritualism, and met tho Scotch-American medium, who informed himself of her enormous wealth, His instincts as a professional medium scenting a fat goose to pick, he declined to re- coivo his usual 2 guinea sitters, and devoted himself entirely to her. Ho began in the usual way of obtaining (?) communications from her dead husband. The loss of her hand had been more of a mortification than a deprivation to the viun old woman, who must have been over 60 when she first metHome. It did nottake long for the shrewd Daniel to find out tho 7 , EPot .in tho old widow's armor. Adroitly taking advantage of this, he actually was able to mako her believe that by his mediumistic power he could create, not a new hand, but life in the false one ! Bat to do this ho must have time — he most renounce the sitters through whose visits be lived, and devote himself entirely to her. He undertook to join tho false hand nt tho wrist to the living arm, which, when accomplished, he said, would enable her to use the false hand exactly as if it were real. That Mrs. Lyon was falling into her dotage wonld seem the oaly reason why a highly educated and well bred Englishwoman could be made to believe in Home's pretended power to endow a wooden band with life. Home was the more eager to devoto himself exclusively to the service of tho rich widow from the fact that bis star was beginning to pale, in consequence of i several attempts to perpetrato impo sitions so stupidly transparent and heart less that tho credulous British public turned from him. Home had married a young Russian girl of tho honored family of Iurchlcff. Her father was a count. It is the custom in Russia for all tho children to bear tho title of the father, so that all the sons were counts and Home's wife a countess. She was n very deli cate girl, and tho family knew she could not live long. On this account the opposition of tho family was soon overcome. In a very few years the fears of the family were verified. Al ready far gone in a consumption, Mrs, Ilomo was not a long time dviug. After her death Home exhibited a sketch which he said the spirits had made, and bronght framo and all and laid upon his bed the night of her death. It was a fair likeness of bis wife, representing her lying on her side on a sofa, wings springing from her shoulders and radiating from her back and head in fantastic feathered form. Ho said she had slowly turned into an angel as day after day she died. The genuineness of tho sketch was not donbted by true believers until it was shown to a certain artist, who, being deaf, had not heard Home's version of its being a spirit picture He thought tbey wero complimenting liim on the cxcellenco of the likeness, and said with much feeling : — "Yes; poor, dearlittle woman ! Itwnsmyoivn idea to make her turning into an angel while yet alive, and she particularly enjoined upon mo to make a good likeness of her, as it, was the last that wonld ever be taken of licr." Homo was not present when this explanation was given of its origin, But when told what had occurred, he became very indignant that an artist should bo " so greedy of fame as actually to claim the celestial work of tho spirits as his own." On another occasion Homo announced that ho would produce balls of fire and illuminated hands. That evening the elite of London crowded every nook and corner of n noblemnu's house where tho exhibition was to take place. The evening was pretty far advanced, and people were getting impatient before Home made his ap pearance with the old widow Lyons leaning on liis arm. He had persuaded her that it was in dispensable to licr "cure" that he should be continually with her, so that ho was seldom scon abroad without tho widow's falso baud upon his arm. Generous as sho was silly, she had fitted up a suit of apartments in her own residence, where lie lived like a prince. After his arrival another half hoar elapsed during which ho was occupied giving directions as to the darkening of the rooms and stroking tiic widow's false hand. At length he rnado several attempts to produce ball9 of fire, but failing, declared that "tho spirits were not strong enough for tlint to night, nnd so ho would have to confine himself to showing tho luminous hands. " The house was darkened and Home groped his way alono to tho head of the broad staircase, wliero every few minutes a pair of luminous hands wero thrown up. The audience was satisfied generally. One lady, however, was not, and whispered to mo — she was a half hearted Spiritualist — that it looked to her as if he had "rubbed his own hands over with lucifcr matches." Tho host stood near the mantelpiece and had seen Home abstractedly place a small bottlo upon it when ho left the room for the staircaso. That bottlo tho host quietly slipped into his pocket. Upon examination tho next day it was found to con tain phosphorcttcd olivo oil, or soma similar preparation. The host had declared himself to liavo seen Home fioat through tho air from one side of the room to the other, lift a plauo several feet in tho air by simply placing a finger upon it, and had seen him materialise disembodied spirits ; hut after the discovery of the phosphorous trick ho dropped Home at once. This was a sovere blow to the me dium, but worso was to follow. Home had nt this timo been trading on the superstitious credulity of Mrs. Lyons for at least a year, in which timo he had obtained from her tho enormous sum of 60,000 do!. Sho begau to ho impaticut, nnd demanded cither a livo hand or the return of her money. Home sought to pacify her by proposing" marriage, but relatives stopped in and stopped that. Tho widow was induced to suo for her money. Sho obtained a verdict, and Homo was ordered to return the money. If I remember rightly ho repaid her but 30,000 dol., having squandered or disposed of all tho rest. Personally, Homo was uudor the medium height, of slight boild and with sandy hair and complexion. Ho was very graceful and pleasing in his hearing, though he nover, notwithstanding tho brilliant society in which ho moved for so many years, was ablo to overcome tho lack of early edu cation. Ho could write, but would not when ho could avoid it, yet at one time ho was am bitious of tho honors of authorship. He, therefore, furnished viva voce his remi niscences to his friend, Mr. William Wilkin son, who put them in the book shape in which they appeared antobiographically, entitled "Incidents of My Life." In the metropolis, where he had achieved his most splendid triumphs, Homo was loudly and publicly pro claimed au impostor and a swindler. _ _ Former friends passed him without recognition, and thoso who wero onco credulous beherers in his power stigmatised him as tho Cngilestro of the nineteenth century. Never robust, for years afterwards ho languished in obscurity, and has at last expired at a comparatively early age, almost unknown to the present generation. Cells. Looan. 