SPORTING AKSVVERS to CORRESPOriSEHTS. THE TURF. YATrEsnov, Clancs.— It was In 1873 that Commodore won the A.J.C. SI. Leper. At tho same meeting he started flrst favorite for the Sydney Cup, which was won hy Vixen. Sci»sci:n»KB,'T)Km!n.— Mr. 1L Oxenhnin, the owner of Ccrlie and blue, h u prominent member of the ring In" Sydney. « HECoim.— Tito backer of Mnhia is correct. IT!s jimn /fjirt i-cit on record for tho Australian Cup) wa s 4 min. 01 see. ; Tollto's was 4 nihi. 01 see. 0\. K., Ballarat— 1. J. King rode Fusee on both occa sions. 2. 'Ilie Melbourne Clip has never resulted in a dead heat. i-Suwarrow stands nt Mr. S. Gardiner's breeding- establishment, Buiuloern Parle, near Mel- bourne.- E. D.— Musket died in Auckland last October. Darlet, Shepparton.— 1. Therein no water jump in tho steeplechase course at either Flemingtou or Caul- field. 2.. When Lone. Hand won at Flcinlnetou, carry- lug 13 st. 6 lb.,. he was ridden by Corrignii. C. I, Cranbourne.— 1. Good a performer as Progress was wo cannot sec on what grounds lie could posaiUIy be considered equal to Grand Flaneur, as the latter beat hlui every tlmo they mot. 2. 8 st. 10 lb. Meiiton.— the Melbourne Cup Is run left handed, and the Syducy Cup right handed. . Goodwood.— You should have received £ 7 10s. 1L L., Snicaton.— Mr. J. Wliittingiiam's marc Aspen (1880 aud 1831) is the only nuimnl that hus ever won the Xewmarbet Handicap twice, either in succession or otherwise. ... Calma.— Little Jack. 2 onln. 4I.V see.; Cnlma, 2 min. 42 see.; Blink Bonny. 2 min. «;0 see.; Grnco Darling. 2 Btfn. 48 sec. When Tom Kirk, ill no Ribbon and Master A venal won the distance was a mile and a quarter and a distance ; in ail other years a mile and a half. Waouu, Clieltenhntn.— Malua was not entered for the last Melbourne Cup. M. E.— Their respective weights for age over two miles, at this tlmo of year, would bo Grace Darling, 9 at. 1 lb.; Cerise and Blue, 8 at. 12 1U Rocket.— In the race referred to Caloola carried 9st. 4 lb., and was ridden by lioariy. #C. E., Ilotham.— Tho Now Zealand horse July is 6 years old, by Traducer— IdaUa. K. G. G., Mansfield.— TJte following Is an exact copy of the resolution agreed to at the general meeting of the V.R.C. held on tho 20th n'.fc.j— "The owner of any racehorse moymako Application to tho committee of the Victoria Pacing Club to register one 6Ct of colors only as the racing colors of such owner, but tho said commit tee shall be at liberty to reject or refuse any such appli cation. Zn the event of two or more persons applying to register the same colors tho said committee arc to decide between thorn, and may direct any unsuccessful applicant, or any app. leant whose application has been rejected or refused, to assume other colors; and if two or more horses not belonging to tho same owner shall start In any race in the same colors it shall be in the power Of the stewards to inflict a peualty, not exceeding £10 each, on tho owner or owners whom they have directed to assume other colors," II. G., Hawthorn.— 1. The Queen's Birthday Han dicap at the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting hf 1884 was three quarters of a mile. PaUlcroo, 7 st. first; The Ghost, 7st 12 lb. second; atul Cupola,6 at. 1 1 lb. third. 2. On the same day Cupola had won tho Flying Stakes, with The Ghost second and Fyretto third, a i'all-eroo did not start for the Flying stakes. Tills also answers Bur- wood. Fanct.— Segenhoa started first favorifc for tho New market Handicap, won by Muluru his prlco being 3 to 1, and Maluu's 7 to 1. S. S., Murclilson. — Ballarat was purchased by Robert ivyman, we believe for £100. Philip, Ashby. — Wheatcar was not engaged in the race. Ton probably mean J Williams's b e Wheat- meat, which carried 7 st. 3 lb., and was ridden bv Bower. S. IX— Trecious Stone, byTubal Cain—' Topaz, is stand ing at Bundoora Park. Saxuv.— Mr. L. L. Smith nominated a colt bv Liber ator—Princess of Prussia. H. C. C.— Lcporcllo won the run off by u short head. ' SimscniDim, Ilnrcourt Of course A wins; tho dis pute is absurd. CIL,# Sydney, New South Wales.— In the absence of Institutions to the contrary you. could go from hurdle to hurdle, unless the courso were flagged, in which caso you must consider the line defined by the flags as tho course to bo observed. Wauujok?,— Commotion has run unplaced at Flcm- Inglou, Aueluldc and Caulfleld seven times In all. . COUitSlNG. Mf.ltoxi.vv. — They arc estimated thus ; — Tho turn, ono point; the wrench, Imlf a point; the kill, two points, or, in a descending scale. In proportion to the degree of merit displayed In that kill, which may be of no value; tho trip, ono point. H. L.— La Itapluo was a great performer; among her numerous victories being the Australian Club Cup of 1877\. ltaplditd, winner of tho Waterloo I'urse, and runner-up Ballarat Oaks, was tho first cf her produce which appeared in public. Volo.— Tho judge was perfectly justified in declaring It a uo-go. FOOTBALL. Ilox. Sec. Wodonga.— Tho rules distinctly state that no goals which may have been kicked ahail bo allowed 10 count. Goal.— Yes; for several seasons, and afterwards for Gcclong. II W,— South Melbourne is the only metropolitan Club tvith which he has played. iNQUiiiRn. DunkeliL— Write to Mr. T, S. Mnrdmll, lion. see. Victorian Football Association, care of Boylu aud Scott, Bourke-strcct. CRICKET. Rr.cnr.TAur. -II. J. H. Scott played for the Melbourne CI ah In their match against the Bohemians, and ic.tvd 161 not out. You have probably overlooked this us it exactly accounts for tho ilitforonce to which you refer. P. S.— 1. T. Iioran played for tho South Melbourne Club about fourteen years no. 2. Duvid Gregory captained tho first team In England, ami W. L. Murdoch tue other three. BASEBALL. Victorian, Ballarat.— You can mark the bases and lines on turf with whiting, but Wright nil DBWs Jfiteball Guide, than which no bjiter authority exists, says :— "A baseball field should be at least 500 feet in length by 330 In breadth . . . of courso tho ground mm the pitcher position to that of the catcher shcuM be bare of turf, some 8 feet in width and laid with hard dry sell, and hi such a ninuner ns to throw off water, the edge riiould be level with the turf border. The paths on the lines from base to base— 3 feet in width— blioulu .also bo laid with hard soil, and also a clrclo uroun.l each base.V Wo shall be happy to give you anv outer information required respecting the game.- PEDKSTUIANISM. St'RiXT.— Tim final heat for the last Melfori SUcflleM iifliiuleap, run nt Essendon, resulted us follows 1st. !:. 11\. HyrcUall. 11 yards; 2nd, 1». Dnnuellun, 15 ynr's; m, » r 10 yards; 4th, .1. Carter, If? yards. « rva.rd' :lftcr aprcat race all the way, M'Klnuon Cood third. Time, 14 sees. CAULKS. Gamr<.>a nnd C win (he gnine. H. ft. B.— Three sixes and two threes count twenty. 