MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. At Hill Foot bridge, Sheffield, a man named Michael Archibald was searching in a heap of rubbish for furnace tops which he intended to sell, when the bank under which he was work ing fell in and completely buried him. When extricated he was quite dead. Owing to the increasing strength and activity of the rebels in Bormah Lord DuSerin has given orders for four native Indian regiments to proceed at once to Rangoon, and thence up the country wherever their services may be needed to suppress the rebels. Orders have been given for the Riy.il Anglesey Engineer Militia Rsgitceat to ba attached to the School of Military Engineering at Chatham for the purpose of enabling the officers and men to be put through a course of military engineering operations. The new Krupp gun, over 30 feet long, weighing 70 tons, and throwing a shell of 7 cwt., the heaviest fortification gun hitherto constructed by Krupp, has arrived at Wilhelmshaven, where the forts ars gradually being armed with powerful guns. The Germans have been making some guns for the Chinese, and at a trial at Canton of one, the head of a Chinese officer was blown to pieces. Tbe workmanship was at fault, and the Orientals will decline in future to have any more guns manufactured in Germany. An old man named Warwick was killed on the Mordialloc railway line a few days a^o. He appeared to rueh deliberately on to the rails, and as he has been in a semi-demented condi tion for some time it is supposed that the poor fellow fully meant to destroy himself. The following is a summary of the prison etati*tics of New Zealand: — Population of colony, 340,393 males and 286.124 females; prisoners, 511 males and 78 females; per centage upon the total population, '0J1, being a slight decrease on the previous year. Calder Abbey, Cumberland, is undergoing restoration, and several interesting discoveries have been made. The most remarkable is th»t of a massive stone coffin, belonging to the twelfth or thirteenth century, and containing the body of a man over G feet in length. The principle of telescopes was described by Roger Bacon about 12.'-0, and Leonard Digges, who died about 1~-73, is said to have arranged glasses so that he cnTd see very distant objpeta. Gaiili'O constructed telmcopsa in KXKt^and discovered Jupiter's satellites in 1010. The rise of the Seine, due to the heavy snow falls, has damaged the Marly Waterworks, which Bupply Verseilles with C. 500,000 gallons a day. The waterworks, which are Bet in motion by water-power, were built by Louis XIV, over an arm of the Seine, near St. Ger main, The various attempts which have been made to establish the woollen industry in Auckland are about to be practically realised, the direc tors of the North New Zealand Woollen Com pany having determined to invite tenders at once for the erection of woollen mills at One hunga. Thirteen waggons of a goods train were thrown oS the line on the Caledonian railwjy six miles north of Carlisle, in consequence of tbe breaking of an axle. Traffic was com pletely blocked for five hours, to the great in convenience of excursionists travelling north and south. At Vienna a woman keeping a cafe in one ? -f the faubourgs appli. d at the office of tbe prefect of jHilict- f»r authority to ojwn a dancing saloon. On the req-iest bi-incr refused the drew a revolver and pointed it to lii temple, but the weapon was snatched from her by a clerk. A eucprotion is put forward for the raisin? of two Canadian regiments, one to be rtati. -n--d at Halifax, tho other at Esquiuialt. Tnis might in a few years \k developed into a brigade. Etquimilt, it is stated, will Boom be but 20 days from Hongkong, and 14 only from Port Haiiiilt'in. At the inquest on the men killed by th-- fall ing of a scaffold in Surrey street, Sydney, List week, the experts' evidence proved accidental death, anil that there was no evidence of negli gence on the part of the contractor, and re commended tlie Government to appoint a, scaf folding inspector. Those species of bii.it like the ostrich, whi:h have not developed the ability to ny, b jt u^e their wings mainly to a*dist in running or ewioiming, have flat breaiite, while the species marked by great power of wing have developed a (keel-shaped breast for a particular arrange ment of the luoscles. A statue of Orlando Gibbon % the composer of music, is to be erected in Cambridge, England. Hamo Tnornycroft is the sculptor, and the Prince of Wales and his son, Albert Viet r, the ArchhUhopj of Canterbury and York, and the Chancellor of the Univer ity are among the leading subscribers. A 1'aria correspondent le-urn* that M. VasUur has received a telegram from l-r. Davidoff, of Smolensk, announcing that the wolf bitten Russians who recently returned to their country arrived in excellent health and fall of gratitude for the kind attention they had met with at the great lavont't hands. Lord Sudeley has remitted to the tenants upon his Montgomeryshire estate 20 per cant, of their rents. The laborers and workmen upon the estate who lately petitioned for sufficient all^tmenta of land for the keep of a cow have just had their request practically acceded to, and have been busy dressing the land. The medical reports from Brindisi state that the cholera is gradually losing the distinctive niarks of the true Asiatic disease, and assum ing thote of typhus, which, it is thought, will sot soon be ataiciied out, but is not likely to assume alarming proportions. It is confined entirely to the poorest part of the population of Brindisi. The artificial reproduction of sole is being energetically carried on in Trance, where a laboratory was established so far back as 18S1 by Dr. Joussett, of Belleyme, especially for this purpose. Since that time the ova of the sole have been regularly incubated with success, notwithstanding Hie numerous dittijulties at tending the process. The quinquennial assessments show a con siderable increase in the gross and ratable value of London. The gross value at the previous quinquennial assessment in 1SS0 was £4,176,477. It i« now £4,510,751, being an increate of £334,277. Th« ratable value .has . increased from' £3,612,450 to £3,7£-t,2i2, an addition of iC'lUS-ST. The ravages of the sea on the Kentish coast between Reculveis and Kam«ate are becoming wore serious. Nearly the whole of the wall protecting the estate of Sir Moses Montefiore has disappeared, part of the wall nf Kingsc -te Cattle has been carried away, and more than one footpath and carriage road has bsen stopped by rapid encroachments. Mr. Locke, member for Gisbome, New Zealand, in speaking upon the Native Equitable Owners Bill mentioned a curious passage from the early history of Auckland. He said the site of Auckkud (3.009 acres) was purchased from the natives for 50 blankets, 60 sovs., 20 pairs of trousers, 20 shirts, six kelp) of tobacco, and 20 li&tchets.; Most toads and frogs produce their young from the egg. but in several instances the progeny are brought forth alive. When the period of incubation has passed the yonng toad breaks oat of his shell in the same manner that a chicken does. The special distinction between frogs and toads is in the excessive development of the binder legs in frogs. Ad examination of tbe books of the Cardiff Savings Bank has already revealed a deficit of £30,000. Tbe defalcations have been going on for 30 out of the 3l- years during which the late Mr. James E. Williams held the position of actuary. Information given by the late actuary's grandson, who was employed in the bank as clerk, led to the discovery of the frauds. For years the French officers' necks have been held stiff as if in a vice by the horrid black leather garotting stock they call the C-jI carrcau. It has now been abolished by order of General Boulanger. His power is not over the whole of the French army, but the accep tance for one Bection.at is calculated, means its necessary acceptance for the whole army ere long. An examination of the books of the Cardiff Savings Bank has already revealed a deficit of £30,000. The defalcations have been going on for 30 out of the 36 years during which the late Mr. James K. Williams held the position of actuary. Information given by the bite actuary's grandson, who was employed in the bank as clerk, led to the discovery of the frauds. The wife of the Rev. J. A. Dowie and other women connected with the temperance crusade have been in the habit of visiting hotels in Fitzroy and Collingwaod, .-aJ pr&yiue; in the bare with customers. On Satuidiy ii.it the landlord of an hotel in Siuibh street, Ojllin.j wood, threw the women out, and now the R.9V. Mr. Dowie threatens him with an aotion for assault. The Greeks believed that those who had not received funeral rites would be excluded from Elysium; and thus the wandering shade of Patroclus appears to Achilles in his sleep and demands the performance of his funeral. The younger Pliny tells the story of a haunted houtein A* hens, in which a ghost played aU kinds of pranks owing to bis funeral rites being neglected. Sir Henry Morgan Vane, secretary to the Charity Commissioners since 1853, died re cently at his house in Eaton-place. He was thenonof the late Mr. John Henry Vane, and was born November 29, 1S0S, was called to the bar at the Inner Temple in 1843, and was created & knight bachelor in 1883. Sir Henry was heir - presumptive to the Barony of Barnard. There are iU trained boys who seem to derive a.sort of satisfaction in worrying the smaller gfiinmig jMiri tnrffi«T-t''g inmcta. Few duties appeal more impressively to guardians of youth than that of summarily potting1 an end to such pmoticES. If, however, the child's sympathies nave been carefully developed from the first, it will be impossible for him to derive pleasure from euch eights and actions. 