THE CHILDISHNESS OF THE POPE. The former haughty pretensions of the Popes have made fearful falls since the days when the Emperor of- Germany "went to Canossa" and there remained outside his Holiness's Castle, in his shirt only, in severe snowv weather, awaiting the gracious pleasure of the arrogant pontiff to give him absolution. When Bismarck found it necessary to pass the May Laws to counteract the attempts of the Ultramontanes against the State, the papal remonstrance was answered by him by a reminder of the change of position —"we are not going to Canossa." The object of the May Laws being accom- plished, and the pope promising to be a good boy, and not to meddle with the State affairs of Germany, and the catholic vote in parliament being of some use in politics, Bismarck now adroitly gives up the acts ; and further takes opportunity of the question of Spain and the Caroline. Islands to flatter the old man's weak vanity by naming him as Arbitrator ; a step which so tickles his holiness that he forgets all his dignity, and fairly wriggles with delight. A small compliment goes a long way with him now-a-days. When the question of the Carolines aroused the the susceptibility of the Spaniards, it was easy to see that Germany would not press her claim, lest Alphonso, a great favourite at the German court, should have his throne shaken by popular dis- content. The Carolines would be poor compensation to Germany for the in- convenience of a republican triumph at Madrid. But the wiley old Chancellor while determined on concession, proposed arbitration ; and paid a compliment which cost him nothing by naming Leo XIII. as arbitrator. He knew right well, that that was merely a mode of retiring from his claim, for nothing could be more certain than the foregone conclusion of the pope. But why this barren compli- ment should have plunged the pope into such fits of childish glee that he could not contain his delight, is indeed astonishing. Several differences between nations have been settled by arbitration, but we do not remember any of the arbitrators cocking themselves up like the O'Connor Dan on his appointment to the Post Office, and glorying in being requested to decide. The arbitrators between England and America about the Alabama claims had to decide on issues ten thousand fold more impor- tant than that of the Carolines ; but we do not find that they made any flourish of trumpets in Geneva about the glory of being requested to act. Between nations the usual arbitrators are not strong powers but weak ones. Belgium and Geneva, not Paris or Vienna are thought of. Great Powers suggest force, when what is wanted is a little disinterested justice : and the Pope if he were still master as he once was—if he still could call on Emperors to "go to Canossa," would never have been chosen arbitrator at all. The choice was made because of his insignificancy, and because it mattered nothing in reality whose flag should fly over the Caroline Islands. But the poor dear old man at the Vatican gets so few compliments now a days that he fairly dances and screams with delight. He acknowledges his obli- gation to Bismark for having suggested the reference to him, in consideration of which he sends him a precious decoration "Knight of the order of Christ." A religious decoration from a Pope to the most persistent and prominent and successful enemy of the papacy in modern Europe ; not only a heretic but a heresi- arch. Surely vanity, gratified vanity must have made Leo mad. "This feeling of our heart, most eminent Prince, we will not conceal from you, who from your own judgment and out of voluntary resolution, were the cause of this difference being laid before us for settlement. We thank you therefore that owing to your manage- ment the welcome opportunity was afforded to us, of undertaking an exalted function &c.; "You may be assured of the ex- pressed or tacit approbation of all men of incorruptible judgment, and particularly that of the Catholics in every part of the globe, whom the honour bestowed upon their father and shepherd has greatly impressed." What, all this fuss, and boasting of a Papal Pontiff because he was simply asked to settle a puny difference of claims to a few remote and valueless islands in the tropics, not worth the life of a trooper. How are the mighty fallen ! Still the ruling passion is strong in Leo. Before he is done he ventures to insinuate a little of the old leaven. He goes on to flatter the arch-heretic, to tell him how great he is : and how his statecraft has made Europe stronger, and better ; and then he adds, "but it has not escaped your wisdom how much power for the maintenance of public order and the affairs of state reposes in the authority which proceeds from us, &c.;" Now the Prince Chancellor never recog- nised any authority proceeding from the pope—much less did he "repose" in it : but give the Vatican the ghost of an inch and it will try for a mile. He was asked in a friendly way to decide who was right about the Caroline Islands ; and he talks about the authority which proceeds from him : although if any such authority were supposed, he would never have been asked at all. The very idea of authority would have disqualified him from arbitration. How Bismarck must have laughed in his sleeve when he read this overflowing of the senile stomach for vain flattery : and the ill concealed attempt to draw him a very little way toward Canossa. How truly has Bunyon described the giant pope helpless in his cave surrounded with bones of his slaughtered millions, and now fain to accept a crust of flattery thrown to him as to a beggar. 