LAUNCESTON. {From Our Own Correspondent} Saturday; Mr. William Hutchinson, of the firm of Smith and Hutchinson, butchers of Brisbane-street, who has been deservedly respected in business circles for 30 years in this town, died suddenly last night of heart disease. The deceased, who was a native of Yorkshire, was 70 years of age. He has spent an active life, for, besides the cares of a large business, he laboured hard in connection with Trinity Church Sunday school, and was a staunch advocate of temperance. Finding his health giving way last year, he took a trip to Sydney, and upon his return he gave up the more active duties of business and went to live at St. Leonards. Last night, while attending a meeting in connection with church matters, he was taken suddenly ill and died very shortly afterwards. In a quiet and unostentatious way Mr. Hutchinson did a very great deal of good in this town, and befriended many people by little acts of kindness. Robort Reid was charged at the police court this morning with larceny as a bailee, in having feloniously disposed of a horse, the pro- perty of W. Wade. James Hatfield was charged with having stolen 20yds. of calico, the pro- perty of some person or persons unknown. Both prisoners were remanded, to enable the police to get the evidence ready. A fatal affray took place in the Town Park yesterday. A fine old emu, whose wont it was to march round the park with stately deportment, the apparent monarch of all he surveyed, resented the intrusion upon his domain of a horse introduced there for the purpose of carting away some dirt. The bird with considerable forco attackpd ,tho quadruped by kicking it with his power-' ful ugly lega. Tho horse endeavoured to movo away from ,tho emu, but tho , bird followed lum up and persisted in tlio un ' merited cbaBtUcment. 'Then tho horse ro itallatedby kicking out,,and ,finally caught the king of tho park'a severe blew, which i caused bim to bite, tho dust; .of {his, own domain and depart this lifei " ' ' ' ' Fresh cases of fovcr of ono description and another aro being reported every day. The municipal authorities aro doing everything that is possible to keep tho town sweet and clean, eveu to the extent of sprinkling the gutters whore disease might 'lurk with tar.' Inveresk seems to havo been tho original sceno of the outbreak,>and'until ithè general system of drainage in that suburb ia regu- lated, wo may look for fevers every Bummer. That district ought never to havo been built upon, though it may' probably got healthier aa the guin'trees, so ' plentifully planted there, grow up into atrbng'trees. 'A' propor systeml tor drainage for tho locality^is im- possible Without a.,' large .expenditure of money. ' .' *i , , The heat of the last two days' brought rain last night, and wet' weatbor, has,-pre- vailed since.,, A yacht race .was i arranged for this afternoon, but owing ;to ¡ the un- favourable state of tho weather it had to bo postponed. , ,,, , '-/ ui lC'r) The second olovon of ,tho L.C.C. .played a team from Cressy on the L C.C. ground, but tho match, which ' was to havo been a one day's .match, commencing at 10, a in, .could not be started till lato this' afternoon, so it will remain unfinished. The Cressy _ mon mado 151,'of which Haines contributo'd 34, W. Newton 28, and R.' Johnson 23. The L C C. mado 42 for1 tho loss of ono wickot, when play was discontinued. [Bv ELECTIUO TBUMKAI'U.] " M 'I .," ! 'Sunday. Messrs. John Tyson, R. L. Thomas, and ¡ William Lewis, throo Welahmen from, the! other colonies, whom business and pleasure) has brought to the town, arranged for a¡ social gathering of Cambtians at the Coffee! Palace on Saturday night. About 70 Welsh- men, most of them from the Bangor Slate] Quarry, sat doun totea thero, and after awards a social cirole was formed, with Mr. . John Tyson in tho chair, and a long pro- gramme ot addresses, songs, and choruses was gone through. _Tho chairman, with] tho greatest good humour, keeping matters ! lively. Nothing but tho nativo cymraeg i was spoken or sang during tko,evoning, and i consequently the speeches wore lost upon j the few visitors admitted into the hall, but the Bulging, eapeoially' the! part-singing in tho glees and hymns,' wasj much above tho standard of amateur work,! tho men evidently being trained singers, Mr. ;i\ E\ans, tho local jewclWr, delivered an addicss in Welsh, and sang a comic song' that was well received, and Mr. R L. Tilomas sang three excellent solos. The Rev. John Oney, a Welsh minister, who has! recently arrived to labour" in. his.calling at. Bangor, addressed the men, and said he felt sure they were pleased.to meet their warm- hearted countrymen who had arranged the gathering. He hoped tiley would bo bene- fited bj' tho evening's pleasure, and do their, best by honest, industrious, cheerful work to keep up thejionour of their country. A vote' of thanks was passed to Mr. and Mrs. Sut-i ten for their kindness, and the evening was biought toa conclusion just before 11 o clock by singing tho national songs; " Land of my. fathers " aud " God save the Queen," j Mrs, Mary Leavitt, of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of America delivered three temporáneo addresses at the Mechanics' to day, under the auspices of the United Temporáneo Conference. The aub joct in the morning was " The Body : The Temple of the Holy Ghost." The Rov. Mr. Hiddlestono took the chair. The attendance at this address was small. This afternoon there was an address to young ladies, a fair proportion of whom were amongst, the audience. This evening the hall waa crowded, when the address delivered waa entitled, " God on Government." The Rev, Canon Biowntigg occupied the chair, Mrs. Leavitc is an elderly lady, with a good fund of personal reminiscence and anecdote, and is an earnest advocate oí the temperance cause, though there is nothing very remark- able about the style of her addresses. Col- lections wero taken np previously to each lebturo. ' ' , j ' A man-named James Sullivan, about 50 years of agc, was thrown out of a waggon at tho White Hills on Saturday uftornoon, 'through1 the'three horses attached to the vehicle bolting. Tho ' wheel of the waggon Eassed over the man, injuring his thigh and ead considerably and necessitating his re- moval to the hospital. The horses did not stop till thoy ran into the South Esk. j Hobart Goodman and Daniel Davis were arrested last night for stealing two bottles of ale from the Now Zealand Arma. ' j ,,).[ i , _ i. 