JAMES DAUNTON'S FATE. By DORA RUSSELL. Author of the The Vicar's Governess,' Footprints in the Snow,' 1 The Silent Watchers,' etc. Chapter III. — A Message from the Sea. And there was no doubt that the fraii square of linen, which the sea had given up frpm its wild keeping, had ones belonged to James Dauntoo. It had drifted ashore, entangled in some seaweed, and was found in the early morning by a boatman, lvine < n the sand. Arthur Daunton had offered a large reward for the discovery of anything, or any informa tion connected with the disappearance of his lost cousin, and the boatman therefore at once took the wet handkerchief to the Castle. The name was quite distinct, and it was easily identified as having reaily been James Daunton's property, for it was one of a set, the rest of which were among his wardrobe. It was supposed to tell a melancholy taler It had been washed by the waves from the dead man's pocket, it was thought, and few doubted now what had been the fate of James Daunton. He had been robbed and murdered, it was said, and his body thrown into the sea. Bat if this were so, the waves fever brobght him back, The hollow sounding and mysterious main' kept the secret, and the woman who should have been his wife, and the father who had idolised him, had not the poor comfort of Btanding by his grave. At the Court the news fell as a crushing blow on Sir James, utterly breaking down the ill-aesumed hopefulness with which he had tried to buoy up Alioe Bailer's heart and his own. For hours after Arthur Daunton's telegram arrived he was in a fainting condi tion, and Mrs. Daunton refused to leave him, and kept watching his feeble breath with greedy eyes. But as he recovered he waved her away. 4 Tell her to go,' he, said in his weak, faltering voice to Alioe, and Alice did tell her. 4 But, my dear, his own sister-in-law,' re monstrated Mrs. Daunton; 'surely I'm the person to be with him, not a youug girl like you — no relation, too ' He wishes me to be with him,' answered Alice, and Sir James held out his trembling hands towards her as she spoke. 'Do let me stay with yon, dear James,' urged Mrs. Daunton ; but Sir James would not look at her, and made no answer. 'You had better go,' said Alice, ' you only disturb him and, at laet,- Mrs. Daunton went, vowing vengeanoe in her heart against Alice Butler. But Alice never even noticed that she was angry. She scarcely saw her— she was think ing of the lonely coast and the silent witness that the eea-waeh had carried to the shore.- What was the Btoot, red-faced woman who bounced out of the room to her, a tender hearted, loving girl, who had lost in cne blow all that made life sweet or pleasant to her ? But Mrs. Daunton went home to the Rectory, and wrote in very angry fashion to her son Arthur at Tynmouth about ' that Alioe Butler.' 4 She looks like a ghost,' she informed him, ' and, though she must know your poor cousin Jim is dead, yet she gives herself airs, and takes possession of your nncle exactly as if she were his daughter. It . is too absurd 1 He, poor man, is evidently dying, and then my Arthur, with a proud and happy 'heart, I shall soe you master at the., oourt.' Arthur Daunton rewarded his mothers affeotion and good wishes by flinging this. letter on the floor with a curse after he bad read it. He gave no love to his mother. She was almost as antagonislical to him as she. was to Sir James. Her appearance, her affected warmth of heart, and her ill-con cealed calculating selfishness alike made him wince. Yet after k while he lifted up her letter and re-read her words — 4Msser at the Court.' This phrase meant so; much to an ambitious, determined man. He bad always meant to rise in the world this Arthur Daunton, but how different and much easier would be thq ascent now. when the bright young oousin who bad stood in his way bad so mysteriously disappeared. . . And Alice Butler ? A cynical smile stole round Arthur's lips as he thought of this pure, beautiful girl, who bad fascinated him in Bpite of himself, and certainly from no wish of her own. Alice Butler had always been cold and gentle to him, and treated him as her lover's cousin and nothing more. But now,' thought Arthur Daunton, bitterly, 'now, when I am the he;;" a James was, what will she say to me now V He shrugged his shoulders, and then went out to walk along the shore, still thinking of Alice Butler. He stood looking at the wayBS with a gloomy face, wondering why he l®d a woman who was so indifferent to him. For other women who loved him Warmly, passionately, for the sake. -perhaps. of bis beautiful face, and had told him that lame and limping as he was, he was more to them than all others. Yet for Alice Butler's sake he would, give up this deep love, and break ties that his honour bound him to be true to. Were Published by special arrangement, with the anther. ether men as mad ? he kept thinkieg. Was such overpG weeing passion common ? Fox a few brief years of happiness — of happiness doubtful at the best, aud when the woman loved you net — were there many who would give up so much ? He believed that with this life ended our existence, and that as the dumb beasts die, so would die the most gifted, the strongest,' the wisest of the children of men. Why struggle, then, against an overpowering feeling that had grown up opposed to his ownr Will ; fighting with what men call honour, and .too strong to be subdued, though totally tin- returned ? While he stood with folded arms, moody sad reflective, he was joined by Captain Lay ton. Instantly his expression changed.' for he took so councillor or friend into the secret chambers of his heart, always wearing in p biic a csrtain mask that he had chosen to assume. He was called a pleasant, sarcastic fellow, who took life easily, and made the best of it This was the Arthur Daunton that the world knew, and, with a pleasant smile, he now spoke to Layton. ' What does the sound of the sea make you feel,' he said, with a little shrug of "bis shoulders, sad or merry ?' 4 Sad enough, always now,' said Layton, 1 for it constantly reminds me cf your poor cousin.' 4 Poor Jim ! Yes, I suppose yon is bis vast grave,' said Arthur Daunton, pointing to the tea. I suppose so, yet I cannot realise it still, poor Jim 1 1 can't forget the bright look on his face as he went out that fatal night.' ' He was a madman to go,' replied Arthur Daunton ; but it was bis fate— he had had a good life of it before — a short, but a happy life.' He had so much to live for,' said Layton. 4 It seems all each a mystery — rich, going to marry a woman he was fond of — Yet he met his death going ' to meet another woman,' interrupted Daunton, cynically. That must make it so bitter to Miss Butler— but he was fond of ner, really fond of her, for he has often told me so ; but he was high-spirited, and the very danger, the romance of the idea, made him go. Poor Daunton.' 4 It's a terrible affair, whichever way we take it. ' ' Most terrible. And this poor girl, Miss Butler ; Bhe is very handsome, is she not, and was very deeply attached to Daunton ?' asked Layton. For a moment there flitted an expression over Arthur Daunton's fine features that Captain Layton had jaever seen there before. The next, he replied, very gravely and calmly. Yes, she is very handsome,' he said, 4 and seemed to oare for poor Jim.' 4 1 fear she will never get over, it,' = said Captain Layton; Arthur Daunton gave a little harsh laugh, which somehow seemed very much out of place to his companion. 1 Never !' he said, 4 when was that word ever associated in a woman's mind with the idea of marriage? If one man dies, isn't there always another fool ready to fill his place ?' 4 Yoa think she will forget him, then ?' ' My dear fellow, haven't we forgot loves . and found new ones sometimes before the old one were happily departs ? ? Our affeotions ohacge pretty often, I fancy, until we are too old and too ugly fur anyone. to look at us, and then we take up with the idea of another world when this one ie weary of up. Captain Layton made no reply to this. He was a thoughtful, quiet man, and the faith and belief in a greatness that was beyond bis knowledge, which Arthur Daunton lacked, was not wanting in Captain Dayton? He had been terribly shocked, too,, at the . disappearance of his friend James Daunton. A young man snatched sway in the midst of a bright and happy life naturally had drawn his thoughts to the brief and uncertain tenore on which we hold oar earthly existence. And Arthur Daunton was quick to see his his mood. Forgive my stale, old truism, he said, putting hie arm through Dayton's, for the two men had grown friendly during the last few days, 4 and I want you to do a favour for ine, Layton. When I return to Daunton — . and I cee no good in staying on here— will you go with me ? Not to the Court, that ; would be inflicting too much pain on you, but to my mother's houee at tbe Rectory ? I tell you candidly why I wish yon to gc. I wish you to see Miss Butler, and tell her all ycu know about poor James.' ' You mean about the letter and the photo graph V hesitated Layton. 4 Yes, I have written it. She made me swear to her to write everything I heard, but I would rather she heard the story from you. You see this sad business of Jim's pats me in a most painful position. If Jim is dead, I am the heir to the place and tbe title. Miss Butler was engaged to Jim aB you know, and she may not unnaturally' (and he shrugged his shoulders) 4 think that I have a motive for exaggerating the truth. I have none, but women are hard to convince,' If yoa wish it — ' still hesitated Lay top. Idowishit. I warn yoa my mother is a foolish, and very much too outspoken a woman, I had a letter from her that made me very angry to-day, but its tonoehowed me what other people, I suppose, will think. Altogether it is an annoying position for me, and I wish you to see my uncle if possible, and at all events to see Miss Butler.' Well, I can go with you,' said Layton. I was the last person who spoke to poor James before he left the Castle ; I was the only person who saw the letter and tbe piotnre that we feared lured him to his death. Yes, I think I should see his father and the poor girl who would have been his wife. It will be very painful, but still I think it is right.' 4 I think so, too. Thank you very much for promising to go. Could you arrange to go to-morrow,, do you think, and I will write to my mother to tell her to expect us V 4 Yes, I can go to-morrow,' began Captain Dayton. But here he was interrupted. Pretty little Mrs. Lee and Major Lee had recognised Captain Layton and Arthur. Daunton from th6 cliffs above the shore, and Mrs. Lee had insisted upon going to join them, because she was particularly anxious to make the acquaintance of Arthur Daun ton. 1 How are ycu, Captain Layton ?' she Baid in her usual coquettish, little manner, and after Captain Layton had returned her salutation she looked with her sweetest smile at Arthur Daunton. 4 Will you introduoe me !' she said, speak ing to Layton, but looking at Daunton, 4 to this gentleman ? I wish to know yen so muoh,' she went on, now addressing Daun ton, for you are the cousin, I hink, of poor Captain Daunton, whom I knew so well.' Arthur Daunton bowed gravely. I am Captain Daunton's cousin,' he said. 1 Oh, was it not too sad ?' continued tre little woman. Will you turn with me V she proceeded. 'I want to talk with you so much. My husband, Mr. Daunton,' she went on, introducing her Richard to Arthur Daunton. 4 Richard, dear, walk , behind. wi>h Captain Layton. I wish to say a few words to Mr. Daunton about his poor cousin.' ' Richard, dear' of course, did as he was told, for he never disputed the will of his pretty wife, but spent a very happy aud contented existenos under her afieotionate rule, 4 Very wellj darling,' be raid, and fell beok a few paces, while iiMle Mrs Lee walked on and. lopked np withi her bright eyes in Ai fchur Daunton's. handsome face. 4 1 Bee I can confide in yon,' she said, 4 1 always know at tbe first glance if I can truet anyone ; I am sure I can trust you, and I wish so mochto talk to you about James.' 1 You knew him well, then ?' said Arthnr Dannton. Mrs. Dee bast np her pretty eyes. Well,' she Said, 4 Ah, yes, indeed, and he told me something ; you know he lunched with us the very day of his mysterious disappeerance ?' No, I did not know. ' 4 He did, theD, and he walked with me here afterwards, and Mr. Daunton, it is very sad, terribly sad, but I sometimes fear from what he said that day that he destroyed himself.' Destroyed himself?' repeated Arthur Dannton, in genuine surprise. 'I sometimes Tear bo; of coarse, T have said nothing of this to my. husband, it would distress him, and I could not tell the police, and Captain Dayton is a not a man in whom I can confide ; but that day poor James was so sad, so silent, so unlike himself, thai I asked him the cause— and — and be said some very foolish things — he was very foolish, unhappily abont me — and when I told him not to talk -so, he said— I forget quite what he said, but he gave me the im pression he did not wish to live.' Arthur Daunton turned round, and stared in unfeigned astonishment at - the little woman by his side. Suoh overwhelming vanity was quite new to him, and he felt in terested. 4 Yoa mean,' he said, with a grim smile' stealing - over bis face in spite of himself, 4 that he admired yda too much for his own happiness ? I do not wonder at his taste.' 4 Ah, yoa mast not say that ! Bat the idea has made me so unhappy. I know they say he was murdered for his watoh and bis riog8 (be; had' two splendid rings) ; and he may have ; een, but I enow, too, be did not desire to live, . I am sore of that, and I felt so interested 'in you when I saw you that I determined to tell you if I had the oppor tunity.' Captain Dayton told me he was engaged $0 some girl yon know, and it was when I aBked him abont this that be said he was so unhappy, and that night he died — I I do not say how, but I have my fears ; I can not suppress my fears, and I feel happier now when I have oonfided in you,' And Mrs. Dee again looked in Arthur Dannton's faee with her deep blue eyes. He paid her some compliments, and then he grew tired of her. He looked at his watoh and pretended be had an engagement, and, after bidding Mrs. Lee good-bye, he put his arm through Captain Dayton's. 4 Was that little woman,' he asked, one of poor Jim's many loves ?' 4 No,' answered Captain Dayton, sharply ; he flirted with her, I belitte, but she fancies everyone ir in love with her.' 4 She iB a little fool,' said Arthur Daunton. Nevertheless, he did Hot forget what Mrs, Lee had told him, ' Chapter IV. — The Rectory. When a disorderly wom»n is at Hie head of & household, that household is invariably disorderly. This was particularly exempbfkd at -the Rectory at Daunton. The miBtrees who had reigned there for so many years was not a nios woman, and the houoe was not a niee house. There was nothing pretty in it. It was ill-arranged, like Mrs, Daunton's drees, hair, and general appearance. Arthur Daunton had first telegraphed, and then written to his mother to tell her that he intended bringing Captain Layton to dine and »tay all night at the Rectory, and Mrs. Daunton get into a terrible flutter at the idea of a stranger arriving eo unexpectedly. She, indeed, never was ready for anything, and her servants were always just going or .coming. They were going the day that Arthur named for his return, and Mrs. . Daunton stormed and raged, and declared to her young son Hug'u that she was driven to her wits' end. Ask Uncle James to lend yon what yen want,' suggested Hugh, who was sitting en the garden railing smoking, when bis mother appealed to him, and his mother took his advice. Young Hugh was intended to be thefu.ure Rector of Daunton, though he by no means appreciated the prospect. He was a lively lad, with a short nose and black eyes, and was net nearly so good looking as his brother Arthur. He was at college, but he had not yet taken any degree. He was, in fact, a good-natured, pleasure-loving young Li low, who knew himself to be totally unfit, and was totally unfit, to be a clergyman. Bat the Rectory of Daustcu was worth eleven hundred a year; & d S ? J rnes had promised it to Hngh, therefore u b-heved Hugh, every one said, to be thankful for such, good fortune. 4 1 would rather be a rat-catcher,' said this Candid j outh ; and there ie no doubt the latter employment would have, been muoh more congenial. In the meau while, until Hugh Daunton was ready for bis pott, the Rev. Peter Presostt had charge of the parish at Daunton, end lived at the R-.otory ith Mrs. Daunton. The Rev. Peter was a batehelor, and held (in secret) the opinion cf a certain witty author, who wsbtd that Adam had died with all his riba in bis body. He was a little man, well-read and gentle, and wore a tiny bit of bide ribbon as a badge of his principles. He was also a naturalist and a botanist, and spent some hours daily in pursuing his favourite studies. ' He is no better than an old woman,1 Mrs. Daunton used to say, who did not appreciate temperance nor Btudy ; but the Rev. Peter was not suoh a fool as she took him for, ana, indeed, saw many things behind his blue spectacles that few people gave him credit for. He had felt the sincerest pity for Sir JameB and Alice Butler during their recent crushing sorrow. But at the Rectory the coarse- miuded mist ress made no secret of her elation at tbe prospect that James Daunton's sup posed death opened to her son. 4 It's an ill wind that blows nobody good. she had said, and the Rev. Peter m&de; no answer, but rose and left the rcom thoroughly disgusted. 4 You are a precious goo?e, mother, to say such things before old Presoott !' cried yoong Hugh, who bad also overheard the unfeeling remark, his boyish face flushing btrangely as he spoke ; ' and about poor Jim, too — Jim, who always was so kind !' And young Hagh also left the room, too angry with his mother io remain beside her. Hugh Daunton, indeed; had always re garded his soldier cousin with admiring affeotion. James Daunton's bravery, his generosity, and his gocd looks were per sonal qualities ears to win the love of a warm hearted lad like Hugh. James bad also more than once helped Hugh cut of trouble about money, and Hugh had heard of his mysterious disappearauoe with at first unbelieving astonishment and then with bitter regret-. With his heart foil of the memory of his coubin — of the young life cut short— Hugh Daunton etrcde indignantly on after leaving his mother. Presently he came to the iron fence that bounded the park at the Court. Hs cleared this with his light, agile figure au- wont aloeg swhohing at the long grass with his case, and tiii thinking of 1 poor Jim.' It was a beautiful home, thfg — the wooded park, the green glades, and the grey, stately house, -with its stone terraoes, and smooth, velvet-like lawns. 4 And all this would have been poor JimV thought Hugh, regretfully, looking around, 4 ail.' And then he gave a little start, for in front of him he suddenly N saw a dark-robed figure walking on with bowed head, and with an iuexpreseible air of suffering and weariness. A WaB Alice Butler, and seeing her thus moved Hugh very deeply. He ran forward, he took her hand, and Alice turned round and looked at bim with a sorrowful smile. Well, Hugh ?' she said. 4 Arthur's ooming home tc-day,' blurted out the young feIlow, 4and he's bringing that Oaplain Layton rith fcirn — you know— aud mother's in a hotrlti wax— and— and— oh, Alice, I with we could hear of Jim.' His voiss was broken almost with a sob »H be said the last few words, and something w— ll_. . — l-l — in his boyish ifaoe,in his genuine sympathy » j overcame Alioe so much that eheburstmto tears. , „ Oh, Hugh !' she wept. . Oh, Hugh ! - She said no other word, but she put her hand into his trembling one, and the lad gripped it hard. . I would die to find him,' he said. 2J? " let you and I give up hope yet, Alioe. The others may, but I hope to see Jim still J' _ 'Not on earth, dear !' sobbed poor Alioe. No, not on earth !' ' Don't give up hope,' repeated Hugh ; 4 but we'll hear what Captain Layton says. Arthur says he's a nice fellow, and Arthur wants him to see you.' I will see him/ answered Alioe. ' Nothing oan make any difference to me now, Hugh. I mean it will be no fresh pain to see him — nothing oan give me any further pain.' She spoke quite hopelessly ; she was obanged, pale, and worn, and Hugh Daunton kept holding her hand, telling himself again and again, with his young enthusiasm, that he would give his life to bring Jim back to her, to make her smile again as she used to smile on Jim. Tell Arthur,' she said, presently, 'to come up to the Court to-night — air soon as he arrives— I would rather see him at once; waiting is so dreadful, Hugh.' Yes, dear,' answered Hugh, and he stooped down and kissed her hand, and then stood watching ber as she moved slowly and languidly away. «. When he returned to the Rectory he found his mother still in a flurry, but the house keeper at the Court had come to her assist ance, and had sent her kitchen-maid down to oook the dinner, and a young footman to wait on the expected guests. 'But it's a bother,' said Mrs. Daunton. ' Whatever possessed Arthur to ask thi< man here I cannot conceive ! Dear me, we've heard all about poor Jim's end, and what's the good of eternally talking about disagree able things ?' ' Look here, old lady,' said young Hugh, ' I would shut up if I were you, and not speak in that way about poor Jim ! Arthur's asked this fellow here because he wishes Uncle James and Alice Butler to hear direst from the man's own lips, who spoke to him last — all that he said. Isn't it natural they should wish to hear? I've seen Alice just-' now, and it just breaks a fellow's heart to see her. If I only could give her back Jim !' And the Ud set his teeth hard, and olenohed bis hands, as he breathed his energetic wish. Don't be a fool, Hughie,' answered bis mother. 4 Isn't far better for ua that this poor fellow's gone, and out of Arthur's way. The servants at the Court are ready enough to oblige me now. Oh, yes, it's very fine talking, bat everyone's for himself in this world; and aB for Alice Butler, she's fust a Bet-up minx, and she'll never be Lady Daunton now.' Hugh got into such a rage at this speech that he used some very strong language, to which his mother retorted without sparing her words. She was not a gentlewoman, Mrs. Daunton, as we have already seen, and the pretty face for which the Reotcr had married her, having enlarged, not faded, beneath the hand of time, Bhe was anything but Attractive. She gave way occasionally to the most frightful fits of passion, and would seize upon anything lying near her and fling it at the head of the person who had offended her. She now caught up a hock, but Hugh, who knew her ways, was too sharp, and fled .oat of the room in time, leaving his mother to storm and rage until she was tired of the exertion. Yet an hour later, when her eldest son Arthur and Captain Layton arrived at the Rectory, she was beaming with smiles, and seemingly all good nature and delight. She clasped Arthur in her arms first and kissed him warmly, and then held out her large band to welcome his friend. Arthur Daunton looked a little worn, and his handsome face was somewhat thinner, and his mother's fond eyes quickly noticed this. 'You don't look well, Arthur,' she said, 4 you've been worrying ; ah, well, it's a ead thing, but still aB I told Hughie ' Mother,' interrupted Arthur, afraid of his mother's total want of tasie before a stranger. we won't t&lk; of poor James just now. I will show you to your room, Lay ton,' he added, addressing Captain Layton, and then I will go op to the Court for a few minntes before dinner to inquire after my ancle.' He made this proposition at the private request of Hugh, who had gone to the station to meet hi- brother and Captain Layton, and who had whispered in Arthur's ear that Alice Butler wished to see him directly he arrived. She looks so awfully ill, Arthur,' he said, - and Arthur grew a little p≤ as he heard this, but an instant later he pushed his young brother gently away from him, and turning to Layton began talking to him of the sport that this part of the country afforded. Yet the moment he could do so with courtesy after their arrival at the Reotury, he : left Layton in charge of Hugh, and went up to the Court to eeo Alice Butler. He was ushered into a small morning room where she usually sat, and aa ha entered this room she lifted up her head and rose to meet him. He absolutely started when he saw her face. 'Toe great change, the grief, the nervous fear written there strangely unmanned him. He advanced, he took her cold, trembling hand, but he was tio much overcome to speak. You have come back,' she said, looking Bt him with her large, wistful eyes, which seemed to him to have grown larger, somehow, and — you bring no news ?' None but what I wrote, Alice,' he answered, eptekiag huskily, and. very differently to bis asnal assured manner. 4 1 believe bo r,cv. & wiilve? .come.' ¥«;fc someone must know !' she as-id !' I excitedly, almost wildly ; r not : swallow Me t ip, cor the caxth h-.-.hi rtiai, : with no bfiman ey e to wi::W tea d ed ! Why can't we find hi« murderers, Arilror? Other-murders are found out— some living eoul must know who murdered James 1' He did not speak; he Blood before her jrith his eyes pierdowh. 9 And you bftve tteardjotlyng more,' she ;cn£i handkerchief was washed up on. the Shore . 4 Nothing— except a little fool of a woman I saw down there, a Mrs Lee, suggested he might have committed suicide." Suicide 1' repeated Alice, why should James commit suicide? He who had bo much .—who had everything, everything !' And she clasped her hands. _ , It waB only a suggestion made by a foolish woman, Alice.' Why should she make it? What reason had she?' urged the unhappy girl. _ She was with him on the day of his dis- appearance ; sbojaid he seemed low ; or \ some folly.' Low ! and yet he went out to meet — this woman—the woman who lured him to j his deat s ! Oh ! ii's a frightful mystery, j Arthur,' she opntinued, wringing her hands 'and 'beginning to pace the room with unequal steps, but God's eye surely saw it ! Surely eome,day James's murderer will be known !' Almost as she said these words in a loud, \ excited tone, Siddell, Sir James's servant, rapped at the door and entered the room, i 4 Sir James has heard you are here, Mr. ! Arthur,' be said ; ' could you go and speak to j him?' i Certainly, if he wishes to eve me, answered Arthur Daunton ; but, as the man | turned to go, Atthar went to the window and I opened it. How close the ait is,' he said, and "when j Alice looked at him she saw that he was : deadly pale. (to bk oohtinubd.) 