English Bowing Notes. THE GREAT SCULLING CONTESTS. (Bt 'IiITTIB JOHS.') LOHBOir, September 2.— Full many a brilliant store has been -witnessed on the besom of Father Thames in the good old days, when lords, lafiies, and gallants were wont to de port themselves upon the river and make the ' voyag-e ' from tke Tower to Vauxhall in their gaily decorated wkerries, there to hold higt carmiTal. In? our own time we have the annual University contests, and in I860 we had the attraction of a series ?£ sculling matches, including notable affairs; . but they all pale into insignificance when compared' with the great evemt ot Monday Isigt. That day will assuredly be marked with a red letter in the records of English aquatics. For more thai six miles of the Thames, from Wandsworth to Kew, every available spot along its binks, every coign of 'vantage ?svheB.ce a view .of the river could be obtained, and mnoh of the waterway itself, were crowded by tens of thousands of people desirous ?£ Seeing the mest important scnlliug con ;est the world has ever witnessed. It was a curious light, the motley collection of craft of every conceivable kind, in cluding racine eights, unsafe looking fours, pair oars, single scull boats, randan, canoes, (barges, punts, and puffing tugs all dodging hither, and thither. - It seemed as if every thing which, had a chaace of -keeping afloat ha* been pressed into th.3 -service. The weather was delightful— a little too warm, perhaps — and sunshades and umbrellas were almost a necessity; hut, taking it altogether, a more beautiful day conld hardly have been selected. Accidents there were without number, but fortunately so great harm ensued. On the first day the umpire's boat got. foul of a bridge.the first heat being finished oat of sight of that im portant official. And the Game thing happened on' the third day, when the 'Iiotus' again came to grief at the temporary bridge at Hammenrmith. On Tuesday thn press boat came into collision with the umpire's steamer, aad was nearly capsized. However, she rich ted herself, and the only damage done was to the clothes of Mr. Martin Cobbett,of the London Spobthts Lin staff, and Mr. Jennings, of tlie London Spobtbilatt; both ot whom jumped overboard when the collision occurred, bat being expert swimmers they were in' no actual danger. Before proceeding to furnish particulars of the various heats, it may be as well to give your readers an idea of the style of' some of the different scullers: Matterson Tmn improved beyond recognition, and is now almost a perfect sculler. As for Beach, Mb style has been unfavorably criticised ; but he really has never attempted to display his true form, properly reserving; Viirngrff for the actual race, whenhe simply astonished everybody and confounded Ms detractors, 'by- giving' T^tlie very finest -exhibition of Bcnlling yjhich juLs evgrv bjen, seea ;on the Thames, not ; I have aever been one of -Eosa's admirers, and I have always doubted his pluck. In my last notes X gave this ♦pinion.^ad.-theiesultof lie race with Matterson carried out to the letter what J. then wrote. Teener's rtyle is most coriont, as, like Hosa, he seems to take two pulls at a et»Tce,!rat hefinisheewitta much greftter jerk than the Mew Brunswick bcuHot, while 'his «lbows finish, more than: 12 inches from his body at the end of the stroke, Bis work is done entirely with his legsini arms, he makmg no nse of bia back whatever; He seemd . a .powerful young man, and it be lisa 'only been properly tught to fiaish. his stroke lie might add . much to his pace. During the career of George 'W. Lee he has rowei bo less than 150 races.- : His sfajejia decidedly the best ot aU the ^Erahsatlantic BcuHers, as 'he reaches well out, and feats agood.gripof the water. He is, Jiowever, inclineito slide tooe«on. He rows with a round back, and this detraats Bomewlmtirom hiB-appeaianco; but for aU that be is & pretty eculler, aaag6es'fast,iht he lacks power. Gfeorpe Bnbear is not as strong: ns some of his opponents, bait be jnay make up i» skill Xor the deficieECy. fieorge Perkins I have frequently spoken of as being one of the neatest scul ierBof the day. Hi» style, in f»ct,\sin«uia,riy resembles Hknian's: He ieT-lack to tke backbone, but lacks » bit of paeei -But ho can stay for a whole-day and never loses his 3£^ Day.^Tbe defeatof Boss^was a sad blow to the f'tttlehfcVwlieactmaiy laid 8 to ton the 'Black Bruns wickor '. when be hadgenw halt » mile. Matterson stuck ?manfnUyto lum, however,1 and :B6as.'-was unable to get a blow, ,-iastas I anticipated, findinc he could not get away any ?farther, hia heart failed huh, anflhe stopped bb if shot. .He afterward declared that the Buubad affected him.' It certainly was a trying or&al; to be -tept pottering about *-tre 'headed for half «n hour -in 'the 'broiling 'son. In. the 'second heat'Teemer, rpwiag in Tjeautif ulf orm, went -to the front andWok ike ieadaathroagh the nice. Per kins made a pluoky effort when 300 yaril from thq finish; andjiad decreased Uhe lead to two Jengt.nB when » large pieasore . 'boat got inirontof PerSins, who lost at least a. -onpleo£lBU«ctha inhis^ettn^ elear of it .. This destroyed .wbMenWr chance he may ippear w bare had, indTeemer lBcn71edpa»t the winning post four lengthB in front. In tke rtilr4aeM Beach 'rowed -ia4j)lenaid' form, and 'witb.' jgreat cooineM. oeor aoout/ ;*aTl » :inlie. he osd ?-a«»di^ to;'sow pretty TaMvHt/it^ «o^|it|i»I^W'-^^;^tt|a(^»':»mce: »-i:h*a he chosen. iql exhan^on, Ijp»imot «yjt*ut pome Verr«tnmg«pimonB w«tt» .jraf^e^ed^oaj^ poiat. S^fazttie AvstcaSas repre- : ;jaaOT»r|^n,aitM' iiisswwm l'»yu mti.aosa, tootiveto WdHb Be gooda man as Teomer. Had he met Bubear inetead, tika chsnets are tJiatthcfirst«sd secobdprizes would havegone to Sydney. But the fotaa ruled otherwise. The Secokd Dii was a repetition of the first as regards the weather, tha great sower of thn. sun being tempered . by * nice co»l breeze. - sever has Winer piece of sculling been seen than that of the champion with Bubear in the . first heat of tha second round. Putting enormouB power into each stroka, he literally made his boat fly, He seems able by putting on a little extra pressure to increase his pace without rowing a, faster stroke; and be does bia work like a piece ot machinery. After tke raoe Bubear had the supreme 'cheek' to row up to the umpire's steamer and claim the fool, but of -; coarse Er. Horton at op.ee decided in Beach's favor. Though I am no admirer of Mr. Billy Spencer, Bnbear*s pilot, I must in justice admit that the Hammersmith f culler is the most difficult man in the world to guide, as he has a lad VaVit of gaping about, which has cost him more than one race during his career. He was within an ace of fouling Putney Bridge. 1 should mention that Beach's boat was somewhat damaged by the collision, and she was half full of water during the remainder of the race. Jurt' after be had reached the winning post a pair of lubbers in a great heavy boat ran into him, and eo damaged the ' Fred Hagen' that it was as mock as the champion could do to get her ashore. Fortunately he is wall off for boats, having more than half a dozen to select from. There was tremendous excitement over the heat between Teemerand Matterson; and more money changed hands than on any of the other events. Atone time as much as S to 1 was laid on ' MtLtterson when he was leading, which rate of odds was betted on Xeemer previously to the start. There was the -usual delay in starting the men, and it was fully twenty minutes' after time before they were got off. As I have said, it was hard lines on Matterson to be drawn against so good a man as Teenier after his severe exertions of tbe day before. Had lie met Bubear he would have beaten Mm, as Beach would have beaten tbe Yankee, and we should have had the pleasure of seeingtwo Australians rowing in the final. I .think also that Harry Kelly did not exercise very sound judgment in taking -bim into Toemer's water, as, when the latter spurted, Neil was caught inshore like a rat in a trap. Had he been on the outside Teener's spurt might have died away as his pre vious efforts, did. and Mattersen mirht have then rone away again. As it was, Teenier was just able to make the bump and win on the post. I don't say that Neil could have won had the race been rowed clear; but ke would un doubtedly have stood a much better chance, for both men were pretty well done up. Teemer is the better stayer »f the two at present. Otherwise there is very little between than. The Yankee must be a wonder to stay as well he does, rowing in' such a. tiring style; and if ever he succeeds in learning to swing and to use his back, he will be a. hard man to beat. He is only 22, and has lots of time to improve, and I think the future championship of the world will rest between him and. Matterson — that is, when Beach has resigned the title. Teemer is as game as a pebble, and few men would hare hung on to Matterson aa le did for two miles, and no doubt he was suffering from the effect of the severe race when he met Beach, for he lacked dash and fire. Not that he would have had the ghost of x chanoe of beating the champion had he been as fresh as a daisy'. The FnrAi.— Under the brightest of skies, and in the most favorable circumstances, the great event of which I have been discoursing at such length was brought to a conclusion. From early morning: crowds began to assemble on the towing path at Putney, and everything betokened the fact that something tjf more than ordinary importance was about to take place. The tribe of itinerant proprietors of shooting galleries, weighing machines, 'coker' nut alleys, Aunt Sallys, &c;, were there in full holiday force; and the display of bunting gave quite a gay appearance to th« scene. The start for the final he&t; was fixed for 3.15 p.m.; but it is needles to say that owing to bad manage ment the start was delayed over half an hour. Beach, who decided to row in his sew Clasper boat, called the Arnold, after his son, was the & st to make his appearance in the now familiar yellowand black jersey and cap; and Teemer was not long in following. He wore a dark jersey and knicker bockers, and he had the good sense to wear a cap to pro* tect his head from the rays of a truly tropical tun. Both men stripped to the buff, and were just backing to their stake boats whan a steam boat came through the arch of Putney Bridge, ??nfl the swell caused by her made Beach's skiff drag her anchor, and considerable delay occurred in mooring her again. So sooner had this been done and ereKything was ready for a start than a tug boat came along with a string of barges, and a further delay waa the result. - At length, however, the course seemed clear, and. the umpire, Mr. B. Horton, captain of the London E.C., gave the word ' go,' and amid a roar ;of 'they're off' both men got to work. For the first few seconds Beach slipped his sculls in at a. bewU&eringly; fast rate, and in half a dozen strokes or so had secured a lead of half a length. His object evi dently was to try his opponent's pace, and having satisfied himself on this point, he at esce dropped dowm to a splen did 34, full of Tiger and life. Teemer, meantime, bad got to work, and was doing a dashing 34, and it appeared as if be was gaining a little. Inspired by the yells of the people on shore, he continued delving away, and succeeded in getting his boat's aose in front, and at the Star and Garter ed by half a length. Nothing disconcerted by this effort. Beach, who did not appear to take mmch heed of his oppo nent, jnst -put a little more weight en to his sculls without increasing his rate of striking, and in less time than I take ;o write it, had once mere gone to the front, and by the time he had reached East's koathouse had secured a lead of a length. Teemer stuck placidly to big work ; bat, thus early in the race, it was evident that he had no possible chance jrf winning. The ch&mpion; was sculling at his ease, infjerfect form, and getting such pace on without any effort that the Bishop's Creek (that was) was reached in the suprising fast time of 1 minute 31 seconds. Tbe Craven stejis were passed in 2 minutes 52 seconds; Beach being half a length clear in front, and it was only on Buffer aace that he allowed his opponent to dose up the gap a little. Continuing at SO to the minute, only, hemade tbe shoot across from Waldens; and when opposite Eose Bank be put in two or three big strokes and at once added to his lead. Here Teemer had a bad bit of luck as a barge came in bis way and he lost fully a length. Just before this, however, Beach bad a narrow escape from fouling a large floating hamper, which, had be struck it, might have settled his chance. However, be luckily escaped it, and increasing his lead every moment, reached Hammersmith Bridge in Smin 52sec, the fastest time on record. And this is all the more surprising, as be appeared t» be only paddling. Teemer followed, 8sec later. From this point the race admits of no description. It was a mere proces sion thence to the winning post. It waB fortunate that nothing happened the leader en ronte, as the umpire's boat came to grief, anti had there been any ground fora -protest Mr. Horton coula not possibly have given a deci sion. Passing on, still adding to bis lead, thought lie had slowed down to about twenty-eight, or less, Beach passed Batrnss Bridge in 19min 7Bec| Teenier being 28sec behind. On arriving opposite bis quarters at the White jaarij aarnes. me Champion stopped and saluted Mrs. Fitzwilliam Wentworth, wko, with her family, were watching the race from the window* of that hostelry. At this time be was nearly a quarter ot a mile ahead, and though foaled by a boat just before the finish, be eventually won by I don't know bow many lengths in the astounding time of 22min 46se«, the fastest on record. Teemer followed about twenty seconds later, and at once drew up to Beach's beat and shook hands with him amid tbe plaudits ef the spectators. Tbe tunes to tbe different points were as follow :— Bishops Creek ftm), lmin 31seo; Craven Stepi «m), 2min 62eec; mile post, 4min 21sec; Hammersmrai (Iim), 8min 52sec; Chiswiok Church {2im), 13mm 45eec; Barnes Bridge {Sim), ISmin 7sec ; The Shin, Mortlake (4im), 22min «sec Beach has thus, once and for ever, silenced the tongue! of those who have been trying to argue that Mb two defeats of Hanlan were simply ' flukes ' ; and be has proved be yond doubt that he is the very best sculler who ever sat is a. beit. This is admitted on all side*. Jimmy Percy, of Newcastle, says he is better than Eenf orth ever was — no mean praise. -Ross says he is a wonder, and Mr. Innes now acknowledges bis tremendous superiority. Tbe time be made is simply fabulous when it is considered that for over two miles be never scullsd faster than 28, and that be actually stopped, as I have before said, to take bifl cap off tc the ladies. We must no longer bear any nonsense about Matterson being his equal ; and even that self-confident youth mustac&nit; that he is no match for the champion, «f champions. For a long time I refused to believe that Beach was such a wonder, but as soon as I waa assured that he never by any chance did his best when in training, and after he had done a bit of work for my special edification one day, I conld no longer hide from myself the fact that he is a marvel. When one takes a side view ot him, his style is most deceptive, as he is round -shouldered, and teens bis head low. He does not appear to nee bis slide to the full extent, but this is no doubt owing to bis. very easy action. Following W™, however, I have never seen bis equal for pulling a clean stroke, well through. He makes n» fuss about it, and his sculls enter and leave the water without any splash,' and with the regularity of machinery. .,.*.' , I should mention, in 'conclusion, that there was a large contingent of Australians on -board tbe boats which fol* lowed the race. I noticed Messrs. Fitzwilliam and D'Arcy Vfentwortb, Evan Jones, David Davies, Edward Lee, W. B Waif ord, 'James Bodd Stephen J. Pearson (Commercial Bank), Ted Evans, Sammy Jones, Tom Muir, Fred Hagon, Tom Giblin, H. Hawthorne, Join Hart, Barney Thompson, and, of coarse, Seeble, who bas stuck to Beach like a I must not oaiit to say a word for Peter Kemp, wbo bas slaved like a working bullock ; antl Beach's splendid con dition is in.no small 'Segree ane to; ' Peter tbe silent,' who whispered in my ear, as tbe men wene about to start,; ' Bill will lose tjas-eoveto^lay.'' Fo*«qj- Jtooktbe'tlp^. Hiklas'b Latibt.— I wps b We to ofeble to you yesterday fh»i-.'H'«|»ii«ii'h»3jpWii«»^fwiAB«tch omosmorefor tbe chain* Dionshtp. It really looks quite bona, fi&e; this time, aa hell . coming with Ttti/St. John (GaudanJ*'s banker), who is a first-rate man and no backslider. ' Beach, however, informs meby telegraph (he is away for a'.8paU' lor a few days) that while ready and willing eo row Hanlaa, be will tak» no nottoeof any challenge which « not sen.* to Mm direct, asheis weary of the Canadian:'newBpaper*alk.* Nothing woald*fford Beach- half as much pleasure , ma 4o .beat Hanlan again, and I quite believe that he wcniia be inclined to reconsider bis decision about not rowing in England as late as October, if the ex-champion were to com* here mow. and fix things up for a ? match. Two things, bowsver, are absolutely necessary — H'anlan must be on the 'spot ; and be most post aOeast half t&e; stake so that there shall be no humbug about the afiaiiS. I don't think that Hanlan would be able to find any bswkers in England now, as . Beach has completely electriAed th» British cognoscenti; and the 'clever division,' of, which Mr. Innes is tbe oracle, b as bad a real 'facer' over the sweepstakes. ,1 believe it found tbe money for neazdj all tbe men in the stake except Beach, Matterson, and. Teenier; and some bank accounts are very considerably lighter in consequence. - To this must be tWM tbe stake money for ' Bois v. Beach; so tbat I should say the Innes party is about . ' full ' of - Transatlantic . acnUera. To ? my mind . Oin is not one of tbe Yankees a patch utoen 'Hanlin, wh$ isthe only man in the world wbo would have tbe ghost » a chance witli Beach. Tbe champion, however. '£kmlta that there -is very little to choose between the Canadian andTeemer- The latter is, I believe, more of a. bull doff than Hanlan, bat be Hasn't Htniam's form. -':.: wneD&*£r4kitt^Bure, be will be woU -'treated*-. He is ?' vvc£ .decent young fellow, and much liked by all wbo know bim, 'As I h- vs before said bis Btyleot sovlling is of tbe best, and someof your boat dobs might do worse than tiyto secure h is services as coach. .;? .'';.l - ' .'??'?. ,'. _-. .-. . 