Tiem L,-E PET:E CAxur?ELL.-Tho will of the late Mr. Peter Campbell, who was accidentally killed on the St. Kilda railway on the 25th September last, has been proved in the supreme court, Melbourne. Tihe will was made on 13th May. In it he desecribed bimself as a piblic lecturer, formerly known as the Australian Voluntary and Undenominational Bush and Goldfields Misoionary. He gave all his real and personal estate to his sister, Georgina Janet Catopbell, at present living in Seotland, with the exception of a sum of £50, which he beqlueathed to the children's hospital, Melbourne. The Trustees, Executors, and Agency Company swere appointed his executors. His estate was valued at £242, but the amount stated to be liable for duty was only £71 10/. -Melbourne Argus. DEATr FROM_ S..NAKcE-CITE.-A man named George Irwin died from the effects of a snake-bite on the Georgetown-road, Queensland, on the 8th instant. iHe was travelling with another man along the road, when they eaw a snake, which they attempted to kill. The snake sprang at Irwin, and bit him in the leg. Irwin soon after became giddy and sick. Salt and kerosene were applied to the wound, but the bitten man died five hours afterwards. REGISTRATION. - Mr. James Aldcorn, police magistrate, has been appointed acting registrar of births, deaths, and marriages at Braidwood during the abL:ence of Mr. C. E. Oslear on leave.--Mr. Frede.lick Galbraith has been appointed acting as itla:,t reglstrar of births, deaths, and marriages at Berriima during the absence of Mr. It. Wilshire on leave. MNew COUT.nsorasn AT HAY.-Teuders, receivable to the 21st December ne1t, are invited for the crcctin of a nlews court-house at Hay. AccerIr :t, Trus:.-Tho undermentioned tenders have been accepted:--John Doyle, erection of iron telegraph poles and two wires along railway line between lungendore and Queanobeyan, £5 17/6 per mile, extra nlrus if required, £1 1/- per mile each, stays i].- each, uooden poles, where necessary, 22/6 each. George Wood, additions to Marenougo public school, £70. Collou?ss TecsrcEE.-Tho undermentioned gentle men have been appointed trustees of the commons named till January 1889:-Dalton: John W. Gray J.1P., John Wheatley, Charles Byrne, Robert Dowling, Timothy Starr.- Gunning: Henry Saxhy J.P., William Grovenor J.P., Algernon S. Jones J.P., William H. Wheatley. Richard Grovenor. MINERAL LEASE.-Tbh application of W. J. Everett and others for a mineral lease of 40 acres, Marulan (fifteen years from 19th April 1886), has been approved. Burnosw.-Tenders, receivable to the 30th in. stant, are invited for the erection of a bridge over he creek between East and West Burrowa. A man named Iram Duffey has been arrested near Milton, and will be charged at the Moss Vale police court on Wednesday with being concerned in the alleged outrage at Robertson. It is said that the Canadian Pacific IRailroad Com pany is pushing on the building on the Clyde of six new steamners, to be used on the route between British Columbia and Australia, China, and Japan, anit that the British government will be urged to aubsidiso this line. Importations of liquid rubbish are being made and false tonics are being brought out, with the view in some instances of supplanting, in others of imitating, a medicinal boverage which the inhabitants of Australia known to possess genuine invigorativoe, depurativo, and diuretic eflicacy. The article is WoLvn's Seus:;atrs. Buy it and repudiate the ahams.-Advt. Goot: NIEws ought to be told, and it is good news that Dr. Bell's Bitters has cured the worst of hidney disease, and can do it again. 2025 Lazy and dull feelings always precede sickness, which nothing but Hop Bittera will banish. Got the genuine American, head advt. FI. I'r o , . oi iArsR-Fome amph'ibious Ihabits on ti:- art of certain tropical fish are oasy enough to t.p:ua by tih, fashionable due of "adaptation to e":vironment." Pe-nds are always likely to dry up, -, d to the anima's that fresueint ponds are usually i apol'e of bearing a Iong deprivats.,n of water, In dLt d our s-volutionists geneailly hold that land ani oo!s have in every case sprung froui pond animals -thih-ti hire gradually adapt:d thia:seives to do without water altogetber. Life, anoording to this theory, began in the ocean, srn al uip the estuaries into the greater rive-rs, thence e.at nded to the lakes and brooks, and finally migr-ated to thel ponds, puddles, swamps andl marrhs, whence it to-!: at last, by tcntauve degrees, to the salid shoree ttee plains and the mountains. Certainly- e thentacity of life shown bv pond animals is very ren:ar'atle. English carp bury themselvea deeply in th-a mudI in winter, and there reu.n an in a dormant condition ratan., tnonthsi without food. During this 1.a g hyl lorating perrid they can be preserved alive f-r acons:derab!e time out of water, espeially if their gills are from tiame to time slithtly rroistened with water. Thle may then e sent, by parcel's prst, to any address. packed in wet moss, without seriousdamage to thcirconstiluti.n ;although, according to Dr. Gunther, theseCdissipated products of :ivilisation prefer to have a Ipece of bread steep-d in brandy put into tiher moullth to sutain them before hand. In Holland, where carp are not s sophisti,-uted, they are olen kbept the whole winter through hung up in a net to teep them fromt fro-ing. At firstithey require to be slightly wetted fromn time to time, just to nccl matioe them gradually tot s. dry an cxist nice; but after aslhile they adapt themselv-cs cheerfully to their altered circumstances, anl feed on an roes sEionl frugal meal of bread and milk w.h Christian resignatiou (lsact Srcur on t Gatns.-Let me say a few words as tio e choice of subjects, ansd the mnt Ihods to bh eal pilyed. F:rst. as to choice. MoIst imelnc students err in tLking too wide a range of sulbjects. You cainnt k eept up all your school stud us-: lerhaps; it is hardly de-irablelo that yu should. Sellol work is Ilargely drs--i ilnal, and many of the subj-ct- in thI' rdlinary curriculum are little more than menral gymnasti -s, trsining and developing tle various capabilities of tle mind. When chsildhood is over this is no longer all imp ,rtant; the trained faculties may be devoted to sousme more useful work. Specialisation, which would be unwise and premature in the schoolroom, is aloiost c?s "ntial to tie progress of the adult student. I think that much of the desultory character of home study is due to a want of clear conception as to the differ, nee between the purposesof study for the child and for the woman. Next, as to method. " What is worth doing at all is worth doing well.' Mathematics or music, art or anatomy, language or literature, give ta it good, earnest work. IDo not content yourself with mere slipshod knowlelge, never reeily conmpleringa dlfiiculty or surmounting an obstacle. Thle distlim-tion in tholroughne-as between the E!anldard of amateur and professional excellence is one which ought no: toexist. And if you do not attain to the standard you have set before yourself, be sure your work will not suffer from the influence of too high an ideal. " Who aims the sky Shoots higher far titan he who means a tree?. A NATioN or SMOKERns.--The Bturmsse are a nation of smokers. Every man, womane, andt child from the king downward, may be said to smoke imnsrenss chercots four or five inches lolg, made of a coarse leaf rolled up and filled with wood chips, raw sugar, and a dash of tobacco, according to taste. tine of theseo cher,;ots, once lit, frequently passes round the entire fnamily circle, not forgetting even the small- st member of it. Tihe practice of tattooing the body from the waist to the km es may almost be said to be universal among the male population. The operation is extremely painful, and in most cases it is performed in instalments; but some with stronger nerves, or by the aid of opium, have it done at one time. 'The absence of tattoo marks is regarded as not very creditable; and those without them wear their dress in such a way that the want shall not be too evident. 'he origin of tattooing has been much disputed. The Burmese are fond toa surprising degree of gambling, amusements and sports, or of anything that will excite them. Bcat racing is a national sport, while boxing, foot-racing, and wrestling afford an end,e-s fund of amusement. The tug of war is a favourste amusement of theirs, into which they throw them. selves with great zest. A GooD MIort?E?.-- "One good mother," says George Herbert, "is worth a hundred schoolmasters. In the home she is Icadstone toall he -tt, and loadsttr to all eyes. Imitation of her is constant-imitation which Bacon likens to 'a globe of pree?,ts.' " It is instruction, it is teaching without words, often ex emplifying more than tongue can teach. In the face of bad examples, the bestpreceptsare but of little avail. The example is followed, not the precepts. Indeed, precept at variance with practice is worse than useless, inasmuch as it only serves to teach that most cowardly of vices-hypocrisy. Tnana are many men who all their lives spend more than half the twenty-four hours in loneliness absolute, yet do not seem bt mind it. Who can be more lonely, for instance, than the tenant of chambers, who sits in them all day working and waiting for clients, and all night reading or sleeping; and perhaps when the clerks are gone, the only man left on the ghostly stair case? Yet men live on in this solitary way, sometielsc without even a club, andnevercomplain of loneliness, and never seem afraidof ghosts. Not long ago there was a man who died at the ripe age of eighty-one, and had lived for thirty years all alone in a country house, teeing no one, and not even admitting a woman to clean up, and not taking the trouble to clean up the place himself, so that when lie died, the female population to a woman made haste to visit the house in order to gaze and gloat upon the dust. Yet ihe was quite happy. Men, in fact, live alone from the time when they leave school to the time when they marry, which is very often a long spell. They have their little distractions-their clubs, their friends, their theatres ; but they spend most of their evenings, and all their nights alone in their rooms. Women, on tihs other hand, seldom live alone-young women never. They are accustomed to go about together, to sit, to work, and even study together.--lialter L'csant, in Losngman's. TEn TOWER OF LONDON.--Thero are relics in the Tower of London recalling greater horrors, and certainly more wickedness, than can be found on the battlefield, testifying to all thie refinement of cruelty to which the unfortunate persons who entered the Traitors' Gate were subject. The torture cliambers of thoe Tower could tell tales of horror compared to which all the horrible fictions that have ever issued from the press in any age of morbid desire for the " tale that makes the skin creep" would seem tame and void of sensational interest. In the centre of the Council Chamber is a case containing an iron c,llar, fourteen pounds in weight, and furnished with spikes on tile inside surface, which was put round tile neck of tio victim. The scavenger's daughter is an iron frame so contrived as to pass round the neck and secure the limbs of the prisoner, so as to bring the body into a curved position, and in that position he was flung into a dungeon. Another of these instr-li ments of torture is the thumbscrew. The thumb of each hand was introduced, and the screw turned. Tihe torture thus produced is said to have been of the most horrible kind. When a poor wretch was tortured into confehssing a crime he was decapitated, and near theinslrumentsabove glanced at, we fAnd the heads-' man's axe, the block, and the mask worn by thie exe cutioner. On this very blo::k the Lords llalmerino, Kilmarnoek, and Loat wnere Iihceaded, they having been concerned in tile rebellion in 17-15. These and a Mr. RIadeliff were the last persons who were beheaded in England. SUNscnOKr. - The symptoms of aunstroke vary much in different coass. Often without thie slightest warning the patient falls, gasps, and expires befors anything can be done for him. Sometimes ithenattsak is less sudden in its mode of onset, antd thero are pro monitory symptoms giving notice of tlie cosmisg danger. The skin gets very dry atnd hot, and the temperature rises to 107 deg. or ithereabouts. 'Ilhe patient complains of giddiness, weaknehss, and n:usl a. and often of an inability to hold hIis water. Soa hei becomes hysterieal or delirious, and ruslst out roar ing with laughter, or perhaps screaming ew lth terror in an attempt to escape from sosms imaginary ens-str. People in tlis state have endeavoured n tso t ,k . Ifr lives or to injure those who have tried to restraiu them. After a time the patient becomes insensible, the heatand dryness of thie skin augment, and lthe closing scene is ushered in by an attack of convulionrs. In the former variety death ensues alossti in stantaneously, whilst in the latter the symptenns isay be protractedtover a couple of days. No:w a toi, the treatment of sunstroke. Throw soilo avater oaser your patient, and carry him as quickly as possibl: ti' the nearestbhade. Strip off his clotlhs, and idoulh. his head, face, and chest with colsd water. II thIis treatment be quickly and energetically perforsmed it may save hIis life. Should tho skin remnain bot, rilpeit thIe doucho at intervals. Apply ammnonia, or sal volatile, or smelling.-salts to thie noso occasionally. If sen-sibility be inot restored by the douche, apply a blister to the nape of the neck, or gelt. thie head shaved and put a blister on the scalp. Two drops of croton oil placed at the back of the tongueio will cause tihe bowels to act, and will do good. (iet mnedieal advice as soon as you posaibly call.- 7/s Fa,'Usiltlge P suiias. 