Our London Letter. January 8. It h&s; been, officially aaaonnced that members of the House of Commons will assemble on the 12th in stant for the election of a Speaker, and to coramence the sir-earing-in of members, and tliat the reading of tas Qaesn's speech and tiie moving of the aadress in reply will take place on the Slst. j oyposinox tactics. i It is expected that the debate on the address 'Till o6:upy several -&?£, as it 's the intention of the Opposition to criticise the (JoFernment policy with regard to Bnrmah and the Eastern question ; bnt at present no decision has been arrived at as to the proposal of an amendment to the address, or of any rots of want of coafldence. The leaders of the Opposition kuo w full well that ia regard to his foreign and Indian policy Lord Salisbury has the country with him, and, though the Government may be actually in a minority ao far as the 'counting of noses ' is concerned, there are very many Liberals who are all bat pledged to give the Ministry a farther trial, knowing that with respect to the past there is nothing with which they can be reproached ; whilst, j so far as can be gathered -from the* Prime Minister's public declarations, the Ministerial policy will bo as advanced as any moderate Liberal could desire. The dtead which Mr. Chamberlain and the Birmingham school has inspired in the minds of the steady going members of the ' popular party '* will prevent many from supporting any vote which would have the effect of placing the Badieal party in power, and therefore the Government will probably be permitted to carry on for a time at least, until members have quietly settled down in their places, and the real strength of parlies more accurately known*. MB. PAEKELL AND HOME EDI.E. Of coarse there is the inevitable Irish question to be solved. Lord Salisbury has made it tolerably clear how far he ia disposed to go in the matter of Irish local government ; and it may safely be assumed that whilst showing every disposition to do justice to Ireland, he will not offend English public opinion by pandering to farneU, and in this he is anre oi very strong support on the opposite side of the House. No Irish amendment stands the ghost of a chance of being carried. Everyone believes that Mr. Gladstone ia determined, if possible^ to crown his career by solving this difficult problem, and Lord Eichard Grosvenor has been sounding the opinion of the Liberal party on the subject ; but the replies he has received are by no means assuring as to the success of any scheme based upon the ideas published by the Presa Association as being inspired by Mr. Glad stone. Though it has been denied, there can be no doubt that communications have passed between Mr, Parcel! and someone in the late Prime Minister's confidence. PLAIN SPEAKING. The alarm created in the north of Ireland by the possibility of Home Rule being granted is something astonishing, and language is openly used by the Orangemen, which, had tbe Crimes Act been still in force, would prolia-bly have landed the speakers in KUma.inha.in Gaol. Here is a specimen — ' Major Saunderson, if .P., speaking at Lurgan last night, said the political situation - had bow assumed the same form as a hundred years ago, and must be met in the same stern way. They must, with arms ia their hands, a«k the reason for such changes as Messrs. Parnell and Co. demanded. He pointed oat the absolute necessity there was for armed observa tion. The Ulster Orange members, he declared, would shotr an unflinching opposition to Home Eule or the transfer of the control of the police.' Eat this is mild compared with some of the Ulster utterances. At a meeting of Orangemen, held in Bel fast, last night, Mr. Wm. Johnson (another M.P.) said, and ' rather than see a Home Bole Parliament we will- line ?with our rifles every ditch from tiie Boyne to Belfast.' What would be said if Mr. Davitt held such language i Altogether, things look very black indeed across St. George's Channel, and you must not be astonished if, before long, you hear of something akin to civil war in Ireland. HOW IRELAND SUPPORTS THE LAND LEAGUE. The following1 fignrcs taken from the Dublin Fbeeman are instructive as showing how much the ' Laygue' is indebted to foreign assistance, andhow iifctle real interest the Irish at home take is it : — From America, .£3000 ; from Australia, .£500 ; from Canada, .£52; From New Zealand, £50; from Ireland, £1 12s 6d: total, .£3603 12s 6d. This sum represents the contributions to the 'Parliamentary Fund,' for which Mr. Parnell made a strong special appeal. The subscription to the general fond amounted to £233 2s 6d only. MB. BBJlDLAVGS This irrepressible gentleman will give some trouble to the new House of Commons. I believe that the law officers of the Crown have advised that until the House has been legally constituted— that is to say, until forty members have been sworn and the Speaker elected — nothing can properly be done to prevent Ms going through the mock«ry of taking the oath and invoking the name - of the Deity, in whose ex istence he avows disbelief, and the probability is that he will be found amongst the aforesaid 'forty' as he has expressed his determination to be first at the table, even if he has to sleep on the dooi&tep; in order to be there in time. No doubt Sir Michael Hicks Beach has hie plan of proceeding duly arranged, and it may be safely taken for granted that the Govern ment ?will leave no stone unturned to prevent the 'burly blasphemer ' from taking his seat. Of course a vote is a vote, and the Conservatives will be only too glad to reduce the cumber of their oppo nents by even one voice. But to outsiders it seems that by far and away the- best thing to do would be to allow Mr. Bradlangh to take his seat, for he would very soon find his level in the House. Notoriety is his whole stock-in-trade, and means bread and butter to him, and so long as he can pose as a martyr in the cause of freedom, bo long will he find foolish followers. Osce quietly seated in Parliament it would soon be found out that there is really not so much in him, and that the giant whom the 'many headed ' have worshipped is but a pigmy after all. — [We have already been apprised by cable that Mr. Bradlaugh has succeeded at last in obtaining his seat.— Eb. E.N.] THE EASTEEN EMBBOGLIO. Just as everything was looking bright and clear for a settlement — even though temporary — of this ugly question, suddenly a new factor in. the trouble puts in an appearance. Greece has now come for ward, and in a note to the Powers demands an increase of territory — at Turkey's expense — as a set cB against Bulgarian gains. The raison d'etra of this absurd chum, it is difficult to understand. It is just as if, after my -purse had been abstracted by a pickpocket, the next passer by should go to a policeman and say,-*' Here, constable. A fellow has stolen that gentleman's purse ; you must please let me take his watch.' ' This is precisely the case. Bulgaria quietly absorbs Boumelia, wherenpon Greece says, ' On, I must have a slice of Ottoman territory also.' Of course, Greece is only a poppet in _ the hands of Russia; and, having had all his tricks trumped, this is the Czar's last card. It is not likely that Greece will profit by her present move. She has hitherto gained much by diplomacy and the friendly action of the Great Powers, but this is testing their good feeling too highly. The poor little country has been deluded into arming and mobilising her troops whilst there is barely a drachma in the Treasury, as if she could have the ghost of a chance in a single handed encounter with Turkey. But Russia well knows that once the 'dogs of war' are letslip.it; will be next to impossible to stay , theiri course; anther designs ? having been bo '.far, thwarted by 'the general desire for peace, she is making a final effort to stir up strife by prompting tee Hellenic Government to make demands which can never be listened to. At the same time the Bussian Minister at Constantinople has managed to ingratiate himself with the Sultan, and his influence is paramount. No doubt he is playing: his part well there. Montenegro, too, is growing troublesome, and with Servia talking still of war, the outlook is most gloomy. Everything points to what I have always written — that sooner or later a big war for supremacy must .take place between the Powers, who at present are moving simple puppets. ENGLAND AND BITBMAH. The conquest of Burmah will not be completely effected so easily as was expected, and there will be some hard fighting there yet. ' DacpitiBm' is not the only enemy we have to contend with ; a Bruce, or pretender of the royal family, has set up his standard, and is rallying thousands of the hillmento his side. The Shans, the most pugnacious of Burmese tribes, have espoused bis cause, and have commenced to show fight. These poor fellows have, of course, no idea of the real power of England, and nothing but actual defeat in battle will convince them of the utter hopelessness of their cause. Still one cannot help sympathising with, these poor devils, who loot upon us as usurpers, and are willing to shed their blood at the shrine of patriotism. egxpt. General Stephenson'e decision to1 attack the rebels, instead of waiting, as nsaal, to be attacked, has had the desired effect, and the defeated llabdists are in fall flight to Dongola. The armed TSile cruiser Lotus has captured several ' naggara' laden with arms and ammunition, which is a great loss to the enemy. The Khedive, with Six Drommond Wolff and Moukhtar Pacha, the Turkish Commissioner, have commenced -their conference on the state of Egypt. Unfortunately, the uncertainty ^as to Lord Salisbury's retention of office prevents the views of the English Government carrying so much weight as they would -were the Conservatives likely to remain in power. Eastern politicians are very astute, and Moukhtar Pacha knows very well that if Mr. Gladstone were to come into &6wsr again to-morrow, he would probably ignore tiw'work that the conference may nave done.' Heheejftt ie not likely that the deliberations will result in anyti^jg.8aiasfant6ryJ-ta3Bg:floTiie.' : ? .' ? , ' ^It i» not Sir Drummond WolfFs fault that the Egyptian business baa not been settled to the advan tagepf England. He lias worked like - tiger, and has well earned the peerage with whie- it ie saiS Jas laboraare to be rewarded. . . GEBMAN SCHEMING. What a wonderful man Bismarck is 1 Ever seeking the advancement of Fatherlaad, he is always ready to countenance and back up any scheme' likely to prove advantageous, to German trade. The latest move is that the representatives of some important German financial and industrial syndicates are abont to start for China in a few days. They are to jio gotiate the concession oi a 'loan of ,£35)Ci)0,0Q0 for the Chinese Government, \rb.ieh is to be issued i*i Surope. The delegates represent the great firm Krnpp, the Dentscbe Bank, and the Berlin Discount Association. Tbe object o£ the loan is to provide funds fesr the es tension of railways and telegraphs, and the construction of Chinese armaments. A lar^e English financial firm (presumably Rothschild) will undertake the floating of tlie greater part of tbe loan in England: This grand scheme, to which Prince von Bismarck has promised every assistance, trill probably be carried pnt ; and poor old Eucland will find the money which will be spent in Germany in busing the rolling etock, iron, and other materials required for railways and shipbuilding, and so with the aid of British capital another nail will he driven inio tbe coffin oi the fast dying- British trade. To show the activity of German emissaries ia all all parts of the world, one reads almost every day or' the return of some qutisi 'savant' who brings with him some concession or other'frotn some black poten tate in Africa or elsewhere to tho advantage of Germany. Meanwhile England sleeps! Someday when she has recovered from her present stupor, she will find, when too late, that she has allowed her active commercial rival to supplant her in all the best markets of the world. THE DUKE OV KDTJfBTTKGE. The appointment oi the Sailor Prince to the com mand of the Mediterranean Sest is not very popular in the service. The luxury of being attached to his squadron entails many additional expenses which the majority of naval officers, who, as a rule, are not rich men, cau itl afford. The officers of the various ships are expected in tara to entertain the admiral, who seldom returns their hospitality. In fact, his frugality (or meanness, as some people oall it) is proverbial, and stands in bad contrast with his elder brother's liberality. The Duke has not the knack of choosing the best men for his staff, and they as a rule are quite as ranch disliked as he is. By-the-bye, H.E.H. has intimated that in conse quence of certain criticisms on his fiddie playing, he has decided never again to perform in public. Happy public ! AN INTEBESTIHG PERFOB5IAKCE. Last evening a dramatic performance for the benefit of a church building fund took place at Kil hurn, under the direction of Mr, Charles Dickens. The parts ware nearly aU played by grandchildren of the bite Charles Dickens, viz., Mis« Mary Dickens (of the Princess's Theatre, who has adopted the stage as a profession), Miss Ethel, and Sliss Sydney Dickens, and Mr. C. W. Dickens. The piece was an adaptation of their illustrioae grandfather's 'Cricket on the Hearth.' SIB. JOHS ll'DOKALD ON FEDERATION. At a dinner giver: a- f-w oveniugs ago to Sir Jolm Kacdonald, the Premier of Canada., the gue3t, allud ing to the subject of federation, said that he tho roughly agreed in all that had been said about Im perial federation. As Canada, Australia, and the other grant colonieB (the 'auxiliary nations,' he called them) increased in importance the present relations with England, comfortable and pleasant; as they are, could not remain permanently fixed : they must accept new responsibilities. Speaking for Canada he said that they were prepared to accept the increased responsibility, and were ready to spend their last dollar and shed their last drop of Mood in defence of the empire and the flag of the mother conntry. Brave words be tb«se, my masters ! but what will Australia say to this ? Is she, too, pre pared for an offensive and defensive alliance with this effete, played out old land ? I trow not ' The union of Hay and November is not to her tastes. 