FRANK BUCKLAND AND THE COBRA ' " BITE. - (Life of Frank Buckland.) The following is an account of how the great naturalist was on one occasion bitten by a cobra, and nearly lost his life. The incident occurred at the Zoological Gardens, London. " I once had nainful experience." savs Air Frank Buck- , land, " of the awful effects ol snake's poison. I have received a dose of the cobra's poison into my system, luckily a minute dose, or I should not have survived it. Tlie accident happened in a curious way. I was poisoned by the snake and not bitten by him ; I got the poison second hand. Anxious to witness the effects of the poison of the cobra upon a rat, I took a couple in a bag alive to a certain cobra. I took one rat out of the bag and put him into the cage with the snake. The cobra w as coiled up amoug the stones In the centre of the cage, apparently/ asleep. When he heard the noise of the rat falling in/o the rage, he just looked up and put out liis tongue, hissing at the same time. The rat got in the coruer and began washing himself, keep ing one eye on the snake. Presently he ran across the snake's body, and in an instant the latter assumed his fightiDg attitude. As the rat passed the snake made a dart, but, missing his aim, hit his nose a pretty hard blow against the side of the cage. The accident seemed to anger him, for he spread out his crest, and waved it to and fro in the beautiful manner peculiar to his kiud. Tlie ra became alarmed.- and ran near him again. Again the cobra made a dart and hit him, but did not, I think, inject any poison into him. the rat being no very active ; at least no Byuiptoins of poisoning were shown. The bite, nevertheless, aroused the ire of t lie rat, for he gathered himself up for a spring, and, measur ing tho distance, sprang right on to the neck of the cobra, who was waving about in front of hiiu. ThU plucky nit, determined to die hard, gave the cobra two or three severe bites in the neck ; the snake keeping his body erect all the time, and endeavouring to turn his head round to bite the rat, who was clinging on like the olel man in ' Siubad the Sailor.' Soon, however, the cobra changed his tactics. Tired, possibly, with sustaining the weight of the rat, he low ered Itis head, aud the rat finding himself again on ' terra firina,' tried to run away ; not so, for the snake, collecting all his force, brought down his erected poison faug3, making his head felt by its weight in giving vigour to the blow, right on the liody of the rat. The poor beast now seemed to know that the fight was over, and that lie was conquered. Ho retired lo a corner of the cage, and began panting vio'ently, endeavouring at the same time to steady his failing strength with his feet. His cye3 were widely dilated, and his mouth open as if gasping for breath. The cobra stood erect over him iiissing and putting out his tonguo as if conscious of victory. In about three minutes the rat fell quietly on his side and expired. The cobra then moved off and took 110 furtiier notice of his defunct enemy. About ten minutes afterwards, the rat was hooked out of the cage for me to examine. No external wound could I see anywhere, so I took out my knife and began taking the skin off the rat. I soon discovered two very minute punctures, like two very small needle holes, in tlie side of the rat where the fangs of the snake had entered. . Tlie parts between tlie skin and the flesh, and the flesh itself, appeared as t'.ough affected with mortification, even though the wound had not been inflicted above a quarter of an hour, if so much. Anxious to see if the skin was affected, I scraped away the parts on it with my tiiucr .nail. : Finding nothing but the punctures, I took the rat away, and put the knife aud skin in my pocket, and started to go away. 1 had not walked a hundred yards before, all of a sudden, I felt just as if somebody had come behind me and struck mo a severo blow oil the head and neck, and at the same timu I experienced a most acute pain and sense of oppression at tho chest, as though a hot iron had been run in aud a hun dredweight put on the top of it. I knew in stantly from what I. had read, that I wa3 poisoned. I said as much to my friend, a most intelligent gentleman, who happen d to be with mo, and told liiin, if I fell to give mo brandy and eau-de-luce, words which he kept repeating in case he might forget them. At the same time I enjoined him lo keep me going, and not on any account to allow me to lie down. I then forgot everything for several minutes, and my friend told me I rolled about as if very faint aud weak. He also informed me that the first thing I did was to fall against him, asking him if I looked seedy. Ho most wisely answered. ' No, you look very well.' I don't think he thought so, for his own face was as white us a ghost ; I recollect this much. He tells in u my face was of a greenish yellow colour. After walking, or rather stag gering along, for sonic minutes, I gradually re covered my senses, aud 3tcered fur the nearest chemist's shop. Rushing in, I asked for eau- de-luce. Of course ho had none, but my 03'e caught the words 1 spiritas ummonko ' or hurls- horn, on a bottle. 1 reached it flown myself, and pouring a large quantity into a tumbler with a little water, both of which articles I found on a soda-water stand in the shop, drank it off, though it burnt my mouth aii'il lips very much. Instantly 1 felt relief from the pain at tho chest and head. The chemist stood aghast, ami 011 111 y telling him irliat was the matter, recom mended a warm bath. Jf I had then followed his advice, these words would never have been placed on record. After a second draught at tlie hartshorn bottle, I proceeded on iny way, feel ing very stupid and uonfusud. On arriving at my friend's rcsidenco, close by, lie kindly procured rue a bottle of brand', of which I drank four large wiue-glassos one after thu other, but did not feel the least tipsy after the operation. Feeling nearly well I started 011 my way home, and then, for tho first time, perceived a mo3t acute pain under the nail uf thu left thumb ; this pain also ran up the arm. I set to work to suck the wound, and then found out how thu poison had got into thu K3'Kteiu. About an hour before J examined the dead rat, 1 had been cleaning Ihe nail with a penknife, aud had slightly sepa rated the nail from the skin beneath, lulu tlii3 little crack the poison had got when 1 wiib scrap ing the rat's skin to examine the wound. How virulent, thcrfore, must the puisouuf thocobta be ! It already had beon circulated in the body of thu rat, from which I lmd imbibed it second hand." 