AL FRESCO CREMATION. (Pall Mall Gazette.) THE burning of a dead person is often believed by those who know little about it to be a tedious, troublesome, and rather expensive operation." That it need be neither one nor other of these things will sufficiently appear from the following account of a poor man's obsequies in Siam. Almost every was." or temple, in that country has in the grounds attached to it a large flat slab of whitewashed masonry, looking like a Druidical altar, or perhaps rather like a low pedestal upon which it is intended same day to place an equestrian statue. And almost always there will be seen upon the slab a considerable heap of ashes, among which, if you look closely enough, you may discern the charred remains of human bones. It is here where the " parishioners " whose friends cannot afford a grand funeral are cremated in humble style. ' Attached also to the " wat" is a long, flat roofed building raised on wooden posts, with a long stone seat running down its whole length on one side. And in the corner, at the end of the long seat, in a niche in the wall, sits cross-legged a solemn gilt Buddha, with a veil or screen in front, capable of being let down so as to hide his placid head, his shoulders, or his whole figure. Let us watch a funeral as it may be seen any day at such temple in Bangkok. into the cool shade of the shed already described enter during the heat of the day two men dressed in their ordinary garb-only a dark blue "paling" about their loins (all Siamese wear the panung)-and bearing on their shoulders, as one walks behind the other, a long rough pole, from which hangs lengthwise, a common oblong trunk. It is a mere box, evidently of rough wood covered with the commonest sort of paper, such as is used for papering; the bed- rooms of garrets in England. It is 6ft long by 2ft. broad and high, and it has no lid at all, but merely a piece of coarse linen spread over the top. This is retained in its place by ropes, which pass through a couple of holes bored in the side planks at each end of the box, and after being knotted clumsily together pass over the pole above. Arrived at the east end of the shed, in front of the image, but not very near to it, the men deposit their burden, and the three or four meanly clad individuals who accompanied them disperse cheerfully in different directions. One walks to the stone altar, and after a glance at it passes on to fetch or order the facts ; another starts in search of the priest to perform their part of the ceremony. These are the first to appear - a quartette of tall, thin men, robed in two shades of yellow, and with shaven heads. They march quickly up to the head of the coffin-for coffin of course it is-and with a rather impressive accent in- tone the few words which make up the simple service for the dead. Their hands are stretched down towards the dead man's head ; their manner and tone are solemn and this is in effect the only solemn moment during the whole performance. But they are gone like ghosts, even before the attendant deputed for that purpose has rushed forward with the plated salver of thick cigarettes intended to be offered to their reverence. This is, nevertheless, placed on the ground close to the corpse, at the service of such persons as choose to partake. Then follows a short sacrificial ceremony. A woman comes forward probably the widow with a small bundle of flowers, all yellow, a handful of rushes or grasses steeped in incense, and a straw dipped in some inflammable oil. The straw and rushes are lighted, and are held with the flowers in the woman's hand as she kneels in prayer before the shrine. These flowers and smoking grasses are placed in a case before the idol, and on its lap is laid a tiny chaplet of the white flowers used for female head- dresses. Then, kneeling on a mat, the woman bends her forehead thrice down to it, with closed hands, puts the small child who is beside her hastily through the same act of devotion, hurries away, and is scarce seen any more. Her air is reverential, though not mournful ; but there is no pretence at solemnity among the rest of the company. Some of them talk and laugh, not unkindly, but in the lightness of heart which is natural to all Siamese ; others look quite unconcerned. The gilt idol, with his calm, benignant smile, seems alone to rise to the degree of solemnity befitting the occasion. But now the logs are fast coming up, arm. furs of sticks about 2ft. long and 2in. or 3in. thick, which are thrown down in a heap near the altar. The old ashes of a former cremation are scraped up into a basket, carried a few yards, and thrown into a heap, where many others have been laid before Then, in the hollow place in the middle of the stone, which had been filled up by ashes, is built up with bricks a kind of health almost a foot high. Across the bricks are laid in rows crosswise the small logs of dry wood, making a pile of five or six layers, 4ft, long, and of which the top is 18in. above the stone. All is at length ready, and now the coffin is borne forward to the edge of the stone. It is quick work now. The pole is taken away ; the ropes are untied and thrown aside ; the linen cloth is wrapped up and disappears. Then an attendant probably a relation 111 doubles up the body, which doubtless had life in it only a few hours before. Seizing the feet, which have slippers on them, he bends the calves of the legs, which are naked, over the back of the defunct, push- ing them down below the level of the top of the box. Then he at one end and another man at the other clutch the ends of the coffin and hoist it bodily on to the pile. The empty end, where the feet were before they were " tucked up," projects over the end of the wood, for there is no occasion to waste fuel, and' with a little management a fire 4ft long is as good as one of 6ft. A few more logs are thrown into the coffin itself, covering the body. Then some one with a common safety-match lights a little pile of bamboo bark scraped together on the ground, improvises a torch, and places it under the pyre. There is a movement on the part of the spectators, shifting to windward and a certain European, who was sheltering from the sun behind a stone obalisqne hard by, is warned to get further out of the way of the smoke, which a native, with a gun and a very significant gesture, intimates to be trying to the olfactory nerves. In the dry air and sultry weather the wood catches first. A thicker steam rises out of the coffin and mixes with the thin blue smoke There have been smiles and laughter on the part of the company numbering hardly over half a dozen both during the picking-up process and afterwards ; but the laugh is not malicious j it can hardly be called irreverent. J It is the laugh of men who know no harm in it. Meanwhile the fire grows hotter. "With the dense steam rising out of the coffin there begin to be mixed tongues of flame. An attendant bails water in a small tin can out of the bucket placed near the altar, and sprinkles it freely from time to time over the inside and outside of the burning box." After each baptism there is a dull blackness within and an angry vapour rising out of what is there. And now, as the heat grows more intense, a charred foot rises above the edge of the coffin and slowly stretches itself up into the red flames. The knee joint is unbending itself as some unseen and smouldering muscle contracts. But now the sides and ends of the plank box cannot surely hold out much longer. The fire looks fierce enough to melt an iron cage, and yet the wood only cracks and hisses, while there is an ugly sputtering and gurgling noise inside. At last it bursts, but only gradually. The empty end, where the feet were, gives way first and then through the open chasm you can see the poor shrivelled legs, with only a remnant of black flesh over the shin bones, which point upwards in different directions. The feet have still their natural shape ; but they are black and ghastly, blotched with a leprous bubbly white. Then the other end falls out, and the skull hangs down into the glowing embers. Wonderfully human it is still, with the face even now retaining much of its flesh and almost its complete features. It is strange to see the blackened countenance so calmly looking down into the seething sea of fire beneath and around it. And still it starts, though gradually becoming more ghastly and indistinct. Long ago most of the spectators have departed, tired of a useless waste of time. Hardly one remains to rake the scattering bones together, which in two short hours from the time when the fire was kindled will have been reduced to blackened cinders, weighing a few ounces only, and scarcely recognisable from the ashes of the burned sticks. All is over. The cost has been a very few shillings at the most. The Siamese passes away in the same unobtrusive way in which he has lived, and his place knows him no more. In the manufacture of the new English siege guns, made of wire, a very tough steel wire is employed, having a breaking strain of 100 tons to the square inch, and this is wound over a steel tube as tape may be wound on a reel, being frequently fastened off to secure its cohesion, and so put together as to look precisely like solid metal. 