From ooiKew Zealand CorresDondenL Wellington. Marct22.-. The gfea|^p^of the laist fdrtnfight is the altogether 'unexpected .success; of Sir George Grey's-atumping ;touryoraid the nninntr oni? tha favnnTahlft TlfiaTITlCr wMcil haa heen given by men . of; all parne3 to hia scheme for the ,partial; nationalization of the land. It &;1the;m6r8.remarJ£able that hia greatest success should have been achieved in the South, became it is in Otago and Canterbury that the dread, not to say hatred, of bur'GiO.Mf7-!lingerB most atrohgly, and in those 'provinces he ?was received -with very scant ;;civilitjr ?when he went on a similar errand f last year. In Auckland Sir George Grey has never entire! v lost his popularity. He lives at the island of Kawara, some 20 miles off;. he has given hia exceedingly valuable library to the city; and even those who most distrust him in politics look np to him as a kind of 'Kon?' of the place. Whenever he has addressed audiences there he has alwaya been able to command more enthusiasm than any other public man, and even the great power of the Bank of New Zealand whilst detesting Sir George has ever been inclined to hold the candle to him. But to the rest of the colony. Sir George Grey for the last six years hia been a kind of superior Graham Berry, or at best a mischievous Mirabeau. Hia demo cracy haa been the more disliked because he is essentially an aristocrat, and one whose distinguished career as Governor of the Gape, South Australia, and since of Sew Zealand, as well as hia wide culture and undeniable eloquence placed him on a distinctly higher social level than any other citizen. Then there ha3 been a generalfeeling thatSir GeorgeGrey '^knew better,' and that his demagogism was to a: ceitain extent humbug, put on to spite the Colonial Office, and though, one can scarcely believe that he is a conscious, charlatan there is undoubtedly some truth in this view. Again, when every allowance has been made, it cannot be disputed that the administration of his Government was the most extravagant ever known in New Zealand. This is explained on the ground that he was surrounded by colleagues of very inferior capacity; and that he has a soul above money matters, in which excuse there is perhaps also some truth, but which for all practical purposes only adds force to the accusation. Nor has his conduct out of office been such, as to regain the respect which he lost as Premier. At first he was leader of the Opposition, but his. language was so violent and the Middle Island had such a wholesome dread of him that the party found themselves obliged to appoint an other leader. This gentleman, whose capacities were certainly very inferior, Sir George chose altogether to ignore, and as he carried about a third of the party with him, and it was to Major At kinson's interest to maintain the division by giving every support he could to Sir George, he succeeded in preventing any successful action by the Opposition. For this, however, he paid the penalty of ulti mately ?disgusting every bodyand of losing the powerful support of hia former col leagues, Mr. Stout and Mr. Ballance, who were out of the hist Parliament, at the general election, and found himself with a tail of only three or four in the new House. Since then he has done nothing trat breathe forth threatenings and slaugh ter against a Government of 'promoters and renegades,' and it is difficult to say whether he more heartily despises the Premier, whom he calla the ' fallen Liberal,' or the 'Israelite sitting at the areceipt of Custom t« stock-job the colony.' At first the Opposition were glad enough i -to hear Ministers abused so roundly, but : personal abuse soon tires, especially when theabuseris as much distrusted a3 those whom he abuses. Then for some reason or other Sir George's eloquence grew dim, and his denunciations little better than senile ravings. The mischievous disposi tion of the old man Became forgotten as hia power for mischief disappeared, and the feeling towards him when he began his present tour was a kind of semicon temptuoua respect for 'a light of other days,' one who has lingered toe long upon the scene. Whether this was a favourable mental condition for him to strike upon, or whether it was the blackness of the Government which threw into relief his own Boaaewhat shady past, I don't pretend to say, but there can be no doubting -that Sir George has partially whitewashed himself in the public mind by the excellent and eloquent speeches he has made thoughout hia tour, and that iia policy 4as taken hold in the moat unexpected quarters. That he will regain office byit u unlikely, and he says that he feels himself too old ever to take office again, but something is likely to come of his proposals if not exactly in the shape in which they j are - put forward by him; ? .? : I An agricultural population Ab the main; element of progress, and population in a. young country like this, says Sir George, and it is for want of it that title colony is languiahing. What: is required to; remove the depression are small farmers, and the reason we do not get (them is that there is little or no land -available for settlement, and that the terms upon which farms can be acquired are ; too' complicated and difficult. Railiaya and public works are all very well— I am making an extremely free translation—' but we must occupy the lands nearest the markets and centres of population, before' we push into the interior. Both in Otago; and Canterbury a great deal of the jbeat: agricultural land in the aeighbourhoed of towns is in the hands of large capitalists, * ?who use it for pastoral purposes.; -m the. North Island it is in the hands of the Maoriea. The moral is W buy oat the' obstructive landowners asd cut up their; lands into small farms. Xbe time' is pecu- ; liarly opportune for this. Land- Tim i not been at ab low a figure for the laatstwenty ; years, and the property - tax 'valuation recently taken affords a bans upon which \- the. purchase can be made so as /to prevent | the Government paying too much (for thej land, whilst aa.a' rush to -Bell may be expected open Land Courts rare to be ' .appointed to diseasa publicly all apjlioa- ' turns to sell, and effect the -best1 ?bargains if offers are made below; the .property- tax valuation. Payment! ?is to 4-e made to the landowners! in land bonds bearing 4 per cent interest, '. payable in London or New Zealand, '.and - -the land-after being cut up is to be let on j . quit- rest of six months with teoantHcght - at a fixed rental of 5 per cent, on the purchase price, the extra 1 per cent being imposed to coyer, cost* of adminktratioq, the.interestoa blocks left unrented,! &c; Thia to be:the only. system of partingjwifch. Crown lands ,ia the colony. There is to be. a limitation.es to the .amount of bonds which may be; issued in the first instaoee, -so.as,not,to go too fast, aad the authority of the-Geneial Assembly is to be required for.any.further.issne. No sersonia to be allowed .to :hold mote than ^20 acres of auchJand. These .are the main features of the .scheme. Alongside of it he proposes to institutes land-tax to capture a portion of the unearned increment on dhe land, wittanincome-taiio take the place of the property tax, but whatever may fee done in the fetuie ik&ce; it no jeospect oi any flueh change daring t&e; next Parlument. The property tax .gives .general satufac tion. The attempt .of the present Govern ment to upset it broke -down completely, whilst the fall in prices having lowered the value of land more than aay oLher kind of property there is additional force to the argument thai land fl&ouid; not at thia time be specially taced. As regards borrowing Sir George would continue the eonatructionaf public works and authorize en½ the proposed* West Coast Railway — £e.f the half across this island, omitting that npS the , Jipri|i-.wdtiJcoa8t to Nelson — hfltthwkj 0ie GovernmeBt proposala go jfcpo,- fast anCtoo'lari 'VnVba subject 'of * 'the general 'expenditure he urges retrench ement apparently in the shape of a reduc tion in the salaries of all the leading officials in the service. Returning to the main scheme, Sir George urges with truth that the reason agriculture is paying so badly now is that the price paid, whether in rents or deferred payments, is too high, being based upon a much higher price of produce, and he would grant reductions both to agricul tural and pastoral tenants and to deferred payment Bottlers. On land near the towns bought at present values there can be no doubt that farmers would be able to pay the. interest as rent and make a handsome profit. He particularly pointed to the number of farmers in South Australia who would jump at such an opportunity. That the land bonds would easily fetch parin the London market his strongest opponents admit, as they would be 'pay- able to 'bearer.' Nor is there any injus tice^ to the present possessors. Some might object on sentimental grounds to parting with their property for the public good, but the support which the scheme is quietly receiving from the Bouth of New Zealand and the large Companies and landowners shows pretty well how the wind is setting in that direction. The only two real objections to the trial of the scheme are whether there is any need for it— i.e., whether people will take these lands if they won't take the ordinary Crown landa, and that of principle to the State interfeience and the creation of a large tenantry. The first is to some extent met by the distance of all good land from market j the second opinions will of course differ. My own impression IB that the quit-rent system will certainly 'be added next Bession to our other systems of land tenure and that there is a fair chance of the repurchasing portion being tried on a small scale, but we are not ikely to abandon all our other systems of land tenure for it, nor to derive all the ad vantages from it that Sir George Grey inows so well how to paint. To believe him, New Zealand is to become the 'hub' of the universe once this plan is adopted. Farmers from all quarters of the world will flock here, and depression will be a thing of the past within six months. As for poor South Australia, she is to be completely denuded of her agricultural population— soon the land will be covered with smiling homesteads and the cities bright with cheerful faces. So well did Sir George's scheme take in Dunedin, which is the very centre of the dread of him, that a number of leading merchants signed a requisition to him to address them again, which he accordingly did at the Grecian Hall, an enormous building, holding 4,000 people, which wa3 crammed from top to toe. A little bird has whispered to me that the leading mer chants hoped for a philippic against Sir Julius Vogel and Mr. Stout, and were bitterly disappointed, but the 'Grand Old Man,' as it is now the fashion to call him, contented himself with vague denunciation of the mischief of carrying on the Government on the principles of a joint-stock Company and sarcastic declarations of his confidence in the Liberalism of the Premier, which were too delicately put to be seized by the crowd. Thia second speech is generally considered the best he haa delivered for some years. The picture which he drew of the future of New Zealand and its mission in the Pacific was a masterpiece of eloquence, and the moral he drew from it that the present inhabitants should feel that they held this glorious inheritance in trust for their descendants and not pawn it to money-lenders took well; but the history of the notorious Grey Government from 1877-9 rises like a ghost when one feels inclined to applaud the old gentleman's public spirit. As he very truly says, at 74 years of his age his career lies in the past, and he has neither money nor honour to gain by stumping the country j but, like most orators, one cannot avoid the conclusion that there is a great deal of humbug about him— unconscious probably, but there all the same. By- the-way, he told an incident in the history of South Australia in the course of his first speech. It appears that at one time anticipating a depression in South Australia at the time he was Governor he secretly sent home for some specie 'to meet any crisis which might occur, and give confidence. Fortunately its use was not required in Adelaide, land - when news came of the extremity ; of New Zealand, Sir George, on ; hia j own authority, sent it in a man-of-war to : Auckland, not altogether to the satisfac tion of your colony. A few days after- ; -ward3 an Indian man-of-war arrived in Adelaide, bearing the eews of his appoint- ; ?ment as Governor of New Zealand, with orders to proceed to Aecklandimmediately in the same vesBel, whereon he had some difficulty in persuading the South Aus tralians that he had not known of Ms ap pointment before he sent on the money, which,! according to his statement, practically saved New Zealand at that crisis. The story was told to illustrate the value of a spare Btore of specie at a crisis. Another thing which may interest ?you in his second speech was his ^prophecy as to the future of Australia, which, he thinks will be a series of big sheep walka and plantations, deriving all its whea∧ flour from New Zealand. At present Sir George is stumping through the agricultural districts in Canterbury, ex pounding his policy every night to -some Kttle village. Saturday lie speaks at Ghriatchurch, and after that he 'does' \- the Wellington Province, unless Mr. ^lad stone should read ' Oeeana' and take it into Mb grand old head to send the'*'^reat pro-consul,' who ha3 so much in common with him, to South Africa. It has been Mr. .Fronde's mission in life to whitewash many blackened historical characters, and il shall not be surprised if he is mor-e suc cessful in changing the popular view- of Sir George Grey than that of Henry ¥111. iBy-the-way, Sir George told me xeeently that - in .1867, when he was standing for Somerset, he proposed to Mr. Gladstone the- very scheme for buying out the Irish landlords which he has now adopted, the adoption of which Sir George brings (forward .as an argument in favour of his Newl-Zealand plan. Lord Granville waa in favour of the plan, but Mr. Chichester jFortescneynow Lord Carlingford, and the Marquis of Hartington, were strongly opposed to it, declaring that it must inevitably break up the party, upon which Mr. -Gladstone, though impressed with it, ?.gave way. Sir George now points out that Lord ,Hartingtcn and Lord CaEling foid have ; refused to join the present .Gladstone Government whilst Lord Gran ?ville remains a member of it. 