SP0CTSIG. ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. THE TUUI'' _Commotlon lias never won n Melbourne Cop £«t lie ran acconU lo ltalwi nna third to Slnrtlul- "wrninr.n, Moonanrbel. - J. Morrison, the well Kicinlnelon trainer, rodo Warrior In the Mcl- Ke Cap of 1859. Ho did not win It on any other "micotie.— 1 The present hurdle racer Vet Again (Into utnrted for the Victoria Derby won by o'is.am! fltilshcd about -IxUu The atartera wcrc- I'tifas David. Dargo, llippogrlfr, Seahorse, Mozart, Lc- mrello, Merrluiu, Trcmnndo, Grntltudcaiid Sandal. E It, St. Kllda.— As nclllier tvero placed tho bet I) off. 1'fiOBLEH.— VfiS. T. r.. Bftllait— B. wins, os J. Williams did not ride In tiio Hurdle Unco. t> u. creswick.— Should tho liorne bo merely nomi nate! and afterward withdrawn ho would not bo liable iodlMualificatlou by tho V.R.C., as the rule states that »11 a horse run In a race at nny meeting In Victoria which is not so advertised, such horso shall bo perma nently disqualified." . ..... GiMK.-— Corrlgan rode the winner Wymlet, nnd ScoWe was on Morren. Native was also ft starter, carrying lost 71b., but he fell. G. C. R., Bahvvn.— ' The atnrtors In Saturday's Or And National Uurdlo itaco who also took part lu the contest last year, wero Sheet Anchor nnd Tantaliser. Native win the only competitor in the Grand National Steeple- choso who also started last year when Wymlet won. N. S.— The Ghost won tho Mile Flat Itnce hist year, carrying 8 st. 6 lb. in 1 mln. 484 sea Gardenia carried 7 jt 6 lb., and was nowhere. Awes.— St Lawrcnco by G'.orious — I'crfection ; Boolka. by Glorious— Brldgot. rn:R,«— Mr, Long's filly Crossfire Is .by Goldsbrough —rowdtr. Her weight In tho liawkcslmry Handicap Ji 7 st, 61b.; Metropolitan Stakes. 08t> 12 1b.; Caulfleld Cop, 7 St. 1 lb ; Melbourne Cup, 7 St. 1 lb. Wecau give you no further Information. C. L., Malmabury.— TI10 Kyncton racecourse Is a mile soda quarter round the racing track. P. W-, Preston.— De Mcstru's Tim Whlfiler won the Melbourne Cup In 1867, but not tho Australian Cup. Tho winner of the latter race in that year was Craig's Tim Whlfller, another aulmnL Trektux.— I. Minerva, by Maribyrnong — Aruraa, was formerly called llnvvkesbury, and was In II. Con nolly's stable at Caultlcid. 2. Conlngsby died on the way to India. Owseu, Hamilton.— Mr. George Davis's proposal to ralio tho minimum handicap weight from 6 st. to 6 st. 7 lb. is to tc considcicd at a special meeting of the Vic toria Racing Club on Tuesday next, tho 27th lust. Axglru.— J. Craeknell rodo Coronet when ho won H10 Newmarket Handicap. 2. Yes, on Darriwell In 1879. C. M'L, Beaufort.— Ills upset price according to the conditions would bo £60, anil should no better olTer be forthcoming the person claiming tho horse must take bbu at that price. G, W.— The late Mr. S. Blftokwell's registered colors were pluk Jacket and black cap. E. 1). L.— Tho Adelaide Cup meeting of 1885 was held at Flcmington on tho 2nd and Oth May. The places In the Cud race were flltcd by Lord Wilton 1, Anchorite 3, nnd Sardlus 3. Comet.— The Epsom Derby course Is left handed, like ricmtngton. L'xfAs. — M. O'Brien won tho Cnulfleld Great Foal Stakes on St. Lawrence In 1882, and on Dav.d In 1383. Sr.Asriur,— Tho Hamilton Cup, one mile and a half, was won by Autocrat, 8t 7 lb. Ocean, 7 st. 5 lb., was second, and Gcnoo, 7 at 8 lb., tiiird. The otlior starters . were Belmont, WaJrarapa, Littlo Footsteps and Jack. , W.ioer., Hawthorn.— See answer to Scaspray, J., Footscray.— Commotion has never won a Mel- bourne Cup. Janet. — Trenton lias been purchased by Mr. W. Cooper, of Sydnoy, aud Is now a member of T. Lomond's t.am. TROTTING. Dntren.— At Long Island, hi 1853, Conqueror trotted 100 miles In 8 hrs. 55 mln. 53 see. \- COURSING. Novice.— The wrench Is where the hare Is bent from her Hue at less than a right angle. Where she only leaves her lino to suit horsolf, and not from tho grey hound pressing hor, nothing Is to be allowed. N.D.— Thd decision was thoroughly justified, In our opinion. Loco.— Under no circumstances la speed without subsequent work (0 be allowed to decide a course, ex cept whore great superiority Is shown by one greyhound OTcr another In a long lead to covert. S. D., Carlton.— Write to tho secretary L.C.II. The note reads thus— If any subscriber, or servant, shall ride over his opponent s greyhound while running a course, tho owner of tho dog so ridden over shall (although tho course he given against him) bo deemed t we winner of It, or shall have tho option of allowing the other dog to remain and run out the atako, aud In such ease shall be entitled to half Its winnings, li any. FOOTBALL. D!!C.C5ted, Pert Melbourne.— We have simply to re peat that we consider tho course adopted was the proper one to follow, and conducive to tho best interests of the game. Goal, Geelong.— Tho match was played on the South Melbourne cricket ground, D. B,— There is no provision for such anextraovdinury caso In the laws of tho gome. Goal, Btwinyong.— South Melbourne won on each occasion, cricket. Dofftirut,— 0. B. Studd is not a bowler, nnd was never considered anything like equal to his brother C. T. as a batsman. Billow, North Brighton.— Tho batsman being res ponsible for tho action of his substitute Is out, even although at tho time ho was within tho crease himself, rue rule is unmUtakablo In Its meaning, Bat?has\— We have not the slightest hesitation In placing A. Q. Steel amongst tho four best batsmen In England, and consider him equal to W. W. Head. Tho latter plays far more cricket during a season than Steel, whom profession (that uf u barrister) occupies ft great deal of his time. ATHLETICS. ' PEERroor.— Tliero wusaprobabllllvof W. G. Georgo visitloff Australia towards tho end of i88j, In fact ho In formed a representative of Tfti leader who was then In !,'?$ J/.ilV,cs'r0 10 do t but recently wo havo not heard that ho Is likely to take tho trip, AQUATICS. , » . . u r! iN' 'V\T of 0 ro leaving Bydnoy Ilanlan slated In that ho had bon fairly beaten by Bench, and bis words were reported In public' print at tho time. ' , _ „ _ Cards. r. c, F.— threes and n nine count 13. cutthigEK aavc biolli:r of tho two in fATi!iar,'"Wcn0r count unless a special agreement 1 «hc contrary has becu wade. 