TURF TOPICS AHD ANTICIPATIONS. By Akmodeus. According to the now order of things, there is not much breathing time allowed botwoen Randwick and Cauldold, and to-day thero will bo the usual gathering on tho Heath to signalise the opening of tho spring festivities. Previous Guineas anniversaries kavo bceu so remarkable for the uninterrupted wot weathor which has prevailed, thatafino afternoon would in con sequence bo regarded by Mr. Bond in the light of a lasus nalurte. On the plea that it is the unexpected which always happens, it is to be devoutly hoped that a surprise is in store for the director in chief for tho V. A.T.O., who has al most abandoned all hope of over seeing a fine Guineas pas3 over his head. If the worthy secretary cannot command succoss in the matter of weather, he does his best to doservo it in connection with the genoral management of the affairs of the Caulfleld executive, a bettor conducted association than which doss not exist in the whole of Australia. Its progress has boon prodigious ever sinco Mr. Bond as sumed the responsibilities attached to the sec retaryship. His extended practical knowlodge of the turf in all its branches has been applied to beneScial account, and tho popularity of the Heath as a sporting rendezvous is almost en tirely dup to his exertions. In the matter of racecourse improvements calculated to, promote tho convenience and comfort of those who periodically patronise Caulfield. Mr. Bond is nevor tired of painting the lily or adorning tho rose. A recent visit plainly revealed his latest efforts in this respect. A noticeable obango for tho hotter has been offeoted at tho bond leading into the straight. No objec tion whatever can be takon to tho turn in question, which has boon rendered perfect in every respect. Another marked improve ment is the widening of tho straight running, which now forms a beautiful strotch of sward whereon Mr. Watson will experience no dif ficulty in marshaling tho biggest fiold ever likely to bo takon in hand by him. Tho ex tension of tho lawn is another boon likely to bo duly appreciated by those who usually resort to that portion of tho enclosure. To turn to this afternoon's affairs, raoing will commence with tho Maiden Plato, tho honors of which will be contcstod by a large field of "unknowns." Thoovontis essentially one of tho most open of tho two day's racing, and it is quito likely that tho winner will turn up in some outsider, as was tho case last year with Reoall. I have formed a favorable opinion of a candi date named Roystorer, by Rochestor from Norma, dam of Stornaway, Priestess, Pollio and Scanning. He comos from a rare running family on his dam's side, and I am inolined to bracket him with Buckley and Islander to pro vide the winner, awarding tho preference to ROT3ERER. Tho Hurdle Race is another event that will require a deal of picking, though I fauoy Ocean, Dunrobin, Revengo and Bonnio Lad are tho best handicapped qunrtot, nud these aro tho horses I oxpoot to see play tho most conspicuous part in tho rooe. Possibly tho Dowling Forest stable may again make n moyo in favor of Huntsman, but ho is an uncertain performer, as also is Tantalisor, while Yet Again comes under tho same category. Thoy aro a formidable trio, however, when 1' tho vein, and it is quito possible that one or tho other may win ; but I shall pin my faith to a more rcliablo animal than either and plump for OCEAN, who may bo oscorted homo by Duurobin, Bonnio Lad or Revenge. Tho 15 acceptors for tbo Great Foal Btakos promise to makoupavory fairfieldof juvoniles, and as Now South Wales will bo roprosonted by Yetrnan, Sumatra, Abydos, Christine and Pontifox, and South Australia by Hortonse and Porhaps, I fall to know whatohanoo there is of retaining tho prize In Victoria, unloss Epicurean comos to tho resouo. Tho remaining Viotorian candidates havo oortainly not shown suffioient form to warrant tho opinion that thoy oan suc cessfully oppose tho invading forces. To rostriot myself to one shot at the targot, I shall eleot to stand or fall by . YETMAN, who will havo tho servicos of that excellent horseman M'Grade. Epicurean, Hortonse and Sumatra may have somothing to say in distri bution of placo honors. Ono of Iho most interesting events of tho day will bo tbo Guineas, which should produce an exoollont contost botweon Voloano, Maddelina, Tamarisk, Blairgowrie, Ghosham, Gadfly and First Consul. Volcano and Maddelina aro likely to hotly dispute tho favorltoship, and it would notsurpriso mo to know that tho former will havo most friends at tho fall of the flag. His recent performances at Randwiok would appear to give him tho preference ovor Tama risk and Blairgowrie, and, as tho last' named la not likely to ho suited by . tho pcouliaritios of the Caulfield course, I don't expect to sco him reverse tho tables on his Sydney con queror. Maddelina and Chosham have yet to make their dibftt as 3-year-olds, conscquontly it is difficult to conjecture what sort of form thoy aro iu. Provided tho last named has retained her brilliancy she will bo particularly difficult to boat. Gadfly proved her smartness when she won the Ladies' Trophy at Caulfield, and it is in her favor that she will .bo doing bnttlo on her own ground. Donald and Rotort were far removed from tho front rank as 2-yoar-olds, and First Consul, finely bred aud grandly framed colt though bo be, has never done- anything to justify the notion that ho is going to effect a surprise on behalf of the absent- baronet. To sum up, I must adhoro to latest public form, and antici pate tho verdict thus : — VOLCANO (Ilales) 1 TAMARISK (Ellis) 2 ' MADDELINA (Colloy) 3 The Australian Hunters' Cup is expected to attract a goodly array of amateur riders, and the contest promises to bo an improvement on that witnessed at Flemington last Saturday. In making a cast for the winnor I shall nomi nate CHARCOAL. Narung, who has only 8 lb. more to carry than when ho won tho saino prizo la3t year, Curiosity and Union may provo his most troublesomo rivals. On last Saturday's running the Toornk Handicap roads a good thing for HOGMANAY, who has 6 lb. less to carry than when ho ran suoh a meritorious second to Middlemavcli in phenomenal time. Cliuckster or Bonnio Doon should make a bold bid tor situations. The second day's events will bo fully dealt with next woek. With roforence to tho Caul field Cup, at present I entertain a decided liking for SILVERMINE. Tho promoters of the Melbourne Hunt Club had reason to feel satisfied with the measure of patronage extended them on Saturday last, when the attendant circumstances were of tho most agreeable order. The turf bore evidenoe of tho beneficial influence of tho preceding day's rain, and as the contests in tho majority of instances were closo and oxciting, no exception could be found with tho sport. The unbroken Eeries of disasters experienced by the favorites was tho feature par excellence of the afternoon, and in this respect, tho fielders wore treated to ft gala day, at tho expense of tho speoulating portion of the publio, who sustained heavy losses by the separate defeats of Soroorer, Tantalises, Dis tiller, Revenge, Abdallab, Tho Lovito, Tho Ghost, Hogmanay, Reticent, Hortonse aud Teuton. Sorcerer nppoared to havo very bad luck in tho opening event through getting sand wiched botweon Ambassadress and Snip, but for which I think ho would have reversed positions with tho winner, who was not without support from tho followers of Holly's stable. Tho improving Louis, who was tin-nod out in good form by A. Davis, scored a very oasy win in the Hurdle race, which brought to grief three horses supposed to possess good winning chances in Tantaliser, Distiller aud Lottory. The last named was unfortunately killed. Abdallah wont out at a very short prico for tho Hunt Club Cup, tho same being deemed entirely at tho mercy of tho anclont grey, bar ring accident. Mr. C. Glasscook appeared to lay too far out of his ground all through tho raco, evidently feeling persuaded ho could over haul the leaders whenevor ho pleased. Three quarters of a milo from homo ha sot sail right earnostly, and looked liko outpacing Curiosity and Baldy until reaching tho. liiBt feuoo, where ho eamo a torriblo purler, punching out no los3 than two rails. Curiosity was then permitted to sail homo loisuroly, Baldy being totally uu- ablo to extend him. Tho Handicap Flat Race, in addition to attracting an imposing field of 24 runners furnished ono of tho most exciting finishes of tho day. Tho most genuinely backed horsos were The Lovito, Kohai, The Ghost, Middlomarch and Hogmonay, oaoh of whioh woro supported to win largo stakes for thoir respective stables. Tho Lovito took a decided lead of the others towards tho olose of opera tions, but I never once observed him occupy a prominent, or even good position at any part, of tho raco. Within tho distance Kohai was going so uncommonly woll at the head of affairs, and Fiddos looked to hold his opponents so oheaply, that tho viotory of the Tasmanian brod horso appeared assured, but he collapsed liko a pricked bladder in stantly Hogmanay ohallonged him. Tho last named in turn flattered his supportors until Power on Middlemarch swoopod down on him with a splendidly timed ran, and completed the mile in the fast time of 1 min. 42 sec. The finish was a voty brilliant ono on tho part of Power, who judged his final effort to a nicety. Tho performance showed Middlemarch to bo in possession of somo of his old form, and aftor his moritorious display there woro those curious to know tho cause of bis inferior effort at Moouoo Valley the previous mooting. Hie running, ob compared with that of Salvo, Clarendon aud Don Glovan, all of whioh finished in front of him at Moonoe Val ley, is difficult of reconciliation, and I presume tho only explanation to ho offered on his bohalf is tho Improvement mado by him in tho inter regnum. This i3 at least tho most oharltablo vlow of what appears to bo a fiat contradiction of form. Nothing disoouragod by The Levito's non-success in ths Flat Race, tho Bouth Aus tralian contingent returned to tho breach with anothor warm favorito in Hortenso for tho Sapling Stakes, only to run second to Mistletoe, who carried tho confidence of tho Kingston division and was backod accordingly. The winnor displayed great irritability of temper at tho post, and her rcpeatod breaks away delayed tho start to a vexatious length. ' Mistlotoo's victory Servos to introduoa Bosworth to uotico as a sire. Sho was bred by the lato Mr. Matthew Bryant, at Oalra Curran, and together with her dam, Star of Love, was purchased bv Mr. James Wilson, at whoso last salo of yearlings Mistletoe passed into her present owner's (Mr. J. D. Robertson) hands for 210 guineas. Tho winner of tho Sapling Stakes is a finely bred filly on her dam's side, Star of Lovo being by Irish King, from Etoile do Soir, who wa9 a daughter of tho illustrious Gladia- teur. Unike Matador, Sunshade, Yetman and Firebrace, tho four best performers of the sea son, Mistletoe is engaged in tho Maribyr- nong Plato. A grandly designed filly is Hor tenso (by Gang Forward— Josephine), built on tho lines of a Lurline. Licdortafel likewiso created a favorable impression, and the pair towered above their compeers on tbo score of bodily conformation and exterior attractive ness; both, however, require time to develop thoir powers, and will in all probability be seen to mora advautago as the season advances. Harridan, by Darriwell from Meg Merrilocs, ran into a conspicuous position behind her stablo companion, Hortonse, nnd it is thought she may provo the better of tho two in tho.Mari- byrnoug Plate. On Monday next the V. R. U. secretariat will form a scene of considerable activity on tho oc casion o£ receiving entries for tho Spring Meet ing. Mr. Miles and his well organised staff will doubtless prove equal to tho emergency, and it would not surprise mo to know that tho aggre gate nominations will exceed those of former years. In drawing attention to this important matter I cannot do better tuan append the Amounts re ss Tiiaxsuitted wrru Ginnmkal Extra rs. Finsi Day— Mnlbourno Slnkoa .. .. ... ..£100 llotham HsntUcnp .. .. .,.100 .-elllng Itacs ' ..10 0 Coburg Stakes .. .. .. ..100 slcond Day— Hurdle ltace .. .. .,200 Itullwny Handicap .. 10 0 Kcusinglotl Stakes .. .. .. .. 2 0 0 Nursery Handicap .. ., ., ., 10 0 Tbe Ynn Yean ctnkes ,. ., ..100 Thibd dat — Maiden plate ., .. .. » 1 0 0 Tlie Flying Stakes .. ., ,. ,-, 1 0 0 Spring Hanilicnp .. ..- - .. 10 0 The Koyal Park Stnkcs . .. : ,, 1 0 0 The Special J nvenilo Stakes .. .. 10 0 Tho Veteran Stakes ..100 FoctthDat— Tho ncuiihRton Stakes .. .. ..-100 Tho V. It. 0. Handicap .. .. ' I 0 0 Stcoplcchase .. .. .. .... 2 0 0 Canterbury Plate .. ., .. .. 2 0 0 Free Handicap 10 0 Entries require to be made at the office . of tho V.R.C., Melbourne, or iLJ.C., Sydney, before 4 o'clook on the day named. The acceptances for the Maribyrnong Plate favor the anticipation of seeing the largest field at the post over sinco Segonhoe carried off the tho juvenilo honors in 1881. Tho absence of tho four leading performers of the season, to wit, Yetman, Matador, Sunshade and Firebrace, is a circumstance calculated to enhance tho openness of tbe contest, albeit matters in this respeot may undorgo a change after tho Caul field Foul Stukos Jiat becomes known this after noon. The most notable withdrawals aro, Tho Telegram, Prattler, Patience and Cora Lee, all of whioh havo performod creditably. The best performers engagod aro Mistletoe, Hortonse, Porhaps, Eckorsley and Sumatra. The Messrs. Couper will be represented by a formidable quartet in Huntingtotver. Oceana, Abydos. and Miranda, whose purchase as yearlings averaged ovor 1000 guineas apioce. Ah innovation was in vogue at Flemington last Saturday in tho form of a notlco board showing tho names of disengaged jockeys. Each race was given, containing names and weights of riders opon for ougagement in suoh events as therein set forth. As jockeys were engaged, so woro their name3 struck oat. The practico is a convenience to both owners and riders and is worthy of adoption on all racocourscs through out the colony. In conncotion with tho impending meeting at Caulfield, holiday excursion trains will run from Ballarat, Kyneton, Sandhurst, Maldon, Paxneau, Lancefiold, Daylesford; Seymour, Camperdown, Quoenscliff, Lillydale Warragul, Sale, Franks- ton and all intermediate stations at which tho train Btops (suburban stations excepted) to Melbourne, at excursion fares, up to the 19th October. Members' subscriptions for tho forth coming raco season are now duo. Bookmakors' registration foes are also due, and may bo paid to Mr. James J. Wright, privato inquiry office, 44 Little Ooliins-street west ; or to Mr. N. R. D. Bond, secretary, 100 Bourke-stroet weBt, As predicted in last week's Leader, when alluding to recent improvements at Fleming- ton, the situation of tho new press room is suoh ns to meet with tho unanimous disapproval of those for whose use it is intended. On Satur day last members of tho " fourth" deserted the now habitat en masse after giving it a trial in connection with the first race. As pointed out in these columns, tho situation is inconvenient, boing too far removed from tho grand stand. The time cut to waste in threading one's way to and fro through tho crowd wa.3 a stroug ob jection on the part of pressmen, who preferred resorting to tho isolated room in tho centra of tho grand stand buildings. As tho accommo dation provided therein would not provo equal to requirements during on important meeting like that now on tho tapis, It behoves the V.R.O. to mako suitable provision, otherwise tboro is a possibility of pressmen going " on strike." Tho South Australians woro conspicuously out of form on Saturday lost. Tho way in whioli Tho Lovito was supportod for tho Handi cap Flat race raised oxpeotations of witnessing tho execution of another Israelito coup on the part of M'Donald's stablo, but thero was disap pointment in this respect, as The Lovite, who was very fraotious at tho post, novor appeared dangerous at any part of tho race. The day did- not terminate without another demonstration on tho part of tho South Australian stable, who put down tho monoy right earnestly on tho part of Hortonse for the Sapling Stokes, only to run a moderato seoond'to Mistletoe. Briofly, tho Adelaidlans havo eommonoed tho campaign inauspioSously. Tho annual meeting of tho members of the Viotorian Amateur Turf Club was hold on Mon day afternoon at Monzios's Hotel ; Mr. H. Smith inthoohair. The report stated that affairs in conneotton with tho . olab were progressing satisfactorily. Tho statement of receipts and expenditure for the; year ended tho 31st August, 1886, which has been noticed afe length in these columns, was .received and adopted..' Messrs. .Hunting and IV. Knox were elected paid auditors. The retiring members of tho committee, Messrs. Jas. Qrico, Hurtle .Fisher, C. D. O'Halloran and A. R. Blackwood, were re-elected unopposed. Tho Lai Lai Racing Club have decided to erect a. new grand stand, capable of seating 1000 persons, on their course. The work, to gether with other improvements, will be com pleted in tithe for the Now Year's day meet- ing. There were again loud complaints of the 'l whitewash" nuisauce at Flemington lasb Saturday. Tho principal victims woro thoso who patronised tho upper stand. Here it tva3 impossible to be seated without subjecting one's clotbo3 to tho whitening process. The people who paraded tho paddock and lawn wearing tho " white" brand were conspicuous. Surely something can bo dona before tho Cup meeting to remedy this long standing oviL Nominators for tho Caulfield Cup are re minded that all horses not scratched before 4 o'clock on Tuesday next will be considered ac ceptors and hold liable for the final payment oi 10 sovs. It is something of a coincidonco that the Kingston stable should win tho Sapling Stakes at tho meetings of tho Mclbourno Hunt Qlub in consocutivo years. Last season the trick w'aB accomplished by The Nun. Owners have not been slow to deteot the com parative want of liberality in the conditions oi the Wiiliam9town Handicap, and the entry of 38 compares' unfavorably with tho 56 nomina tions secured for the Moonee Valley Cup, a stake of similar value. In these days of cheap raoing owners regard 7 sovs. too high a tea even to run for a stake of 250 sovs. A notable development in connection with tho bettiDg over the Caulfield Cup Is tha demonstration instituted on behalf of Recall, who has recently been mado tho modinm oi considerable support. Recall is a bay home, i years, by The Drummer from Oroehstto, a daughter of Grandmastor. His only appear ance as a 2-year-old was in tho Trial Stakes, at Ballarat, won by Antelope, to whom bo finished second. The following season be ro-nppeored at the Ballarat October meeting and ran third In the Bracelet Stakes, 1 mile, 10 at. 12 lb. , won by Aristides, 10 st. His next effort was to rua second in the Ballarat Handicap, 1 milo, 6 St., won by Sea Horse, 7 st 91b. At the last Caulfield Spring meeting he won tho Maiden Plate, 1 mile, 7 st. 7 lb., 1 min. 46 sec., Jocular, 8 st. 5 lb. , second ; Egbert, 7 et. 7 lb. , third. He rat) nowhere in the Windsor Handicap, 6 furlongs, 7 st. 8 lb., won by Merrimu, 7 st 2 lb. ; and at tho Flemington Spring meeting he again finished nowhere in tho Coburg Stakes, 1 milo I furlong, 7 st 3 lb., won by Bohemian, 7 st 61b. Beyond winning the Maiden Plate at Caulfield Recall's performances aro of a mediocre charac ter. On Saturday afternoon last Mr. T. Lamond arrived at Flemington from .Sydney, bringing with bim Blairgowrie, Chcsbam, Orator, Ilnntingtower, Miranda, Abydos, Fernandez, Oceana and Trenton, They word-on the train ing tracks on Sunday for mild exerciso, and on Monday morning Abydos'and Fernandez ran 5 furlongs- in good style, the brother to New- stead, who is a really lino colt, acquitting himself well. Huntiugtowor, a son ol Darebin from Blairgowrio's dam, was sent over tbo Maribyrnong Plato distance with Oceana, and tha journey was negotiated in a very takiag manner. Blairgowrie and Chesham traversed a circuit of the outer circle, brushing home ovor 5 furlongs. Both theso £olts are very well, the first named being tbe most forward of tho two. Trenton worked slowly on the sand track, and was very anxious to iucreaso tho pace. On returning to the shods the faintest resomblance of lameness was noticeable, but Mr. Lamond informed me that this has been a regular complaint with this magni ficent son of Musket and Frailty. Miranda cantered alone. This lady, iike the 6lster to the flying Palmyra, will not disgrace her dis tinguished family. Orator was given his por tion on the tan. "Augur," tho woll known contributor to ths Sporting IJfe, performed the creditable feat of foretelling the exact 1 2, 3 placings in tho Ebor Handicap. This is a journalistic performance of no ordinary morit. Mr. R. Itowio brought Huron from Ballarat last Friday, and the son of Powhatton is com fortably housed at Ivimy's, Kensington, whera ho will bo joined by tho remainder of Howie's horses. Yetman, who is engaged in the V.A.T.C. Great Foal Stakes, has arrived at Flemington. On Wednesday morning Charcoal, who ar rived from Adelaide early in tho week, was schooled ovor somo of tho big fences, and shaped admirably. . The son of Croagh Patrick . is engaged in tho V.A.T.C. Australian Hunters' contest, iu which ovont ho should give a good account of himself, Mr. T. M'Foo having jour- uoyed across from tho farinaceous city to steer him. Charcoal is likewise engaged in the Open Steeplechase. Albert Loddon, who is an own brother to tha famous Archio, in compauy with Dufferin, clipped tbe half milo record on tho sand track at Flemington on Wednesday morning. Cer tainly there was a strong north-easterly wind blowing, but still tho gallop was a good one, tho distance boing traversed under 50 sec. Isonomy and Satyr, two of tho South Aus tralian contingent, wore on tho training ground at Flemington on Wednesday morning. They trotted about 4 ,milostogethe'r. Tho former has grown into a fino horso, and if appoarancod go for anything he should ho vory dangerous lu the Molboiirno Cup with but 7 st. 12 lb. on his back. Probation and Porhaps, two Maribyr nong Platers, havo also oomo over. On Monday last Mr. J. H. Hill arrived safely from Adelaide with Isonomy, Satyr, Porhaps . and Probation, and by tho samo boat Mr. W, A. Filgato brought ovor Lady Carrington, Thfi Baron and Tarpaia. They alt visited the Flem ington training ground on Tuesday morning, OS did Hoxham, Trident, Monte Chris to and Lav, .. the balance of Mr. J. "White's string, but none Of them went out of a canter; - They all looked Well, and Isonomy especially showing to great dvantage since he last visited headquarters At the annual meeting of the Amateur Turf Club, held on Monday last, tho members pre- fiont worthily recognised the valuable servicos tendered by Mr. Bond, whoso salary was raised £100 per annnm. There can ho no donbt that the present prosperous condition Of the Club is mainly due to that official's exertions. Mr. Bond is the only racing secretary in all Australia who devotes his timo and energy to iho affairs of his club, and tho increase of stipend is fully deserved. The annual meeting of the Williamstown Racing Club was held on Monday night last, at' Aha Steam Packet Hotel. About 30 gentlemen were present. Mr. H. P. Sutton, the secretary, read the annnal report and balance, sheet The expenditure side totted up £5648 17a 4d., the principal items being :— £1056 10s. 9d., spent in improving the courso ; amount of stakes, £1840 ; and tbo projected railway extension area, £1690 7s. 4d. An overdraft was shown of £1667 3s. 5d., the total receipts being £3781 i3a lid. The respective liabilities besides the Overdraft were for contracts now being pro ceeded with, totalling. £350. 3a 8d. The club, can show assets amounting to £3296 5b. 2d. SThis is inclusive of the freehold, which is valued at £1946 5s. 2d. The election of officers " resulted as follows'!— President, Mr. "W. H. Broker ; secretary, Mr. H. P. Sutton (re elected) ; committee, Messrs. Hornby, Styles, Oct, Fredman, Sondds, Dobbyn, Lindsay, Peel, ' Vfright, M'Roberts and Thomda ' Elsewhere will be found the programme of ihe Bendigo Jookoy Club meetiDg to be held on 24 th and 35th November. The principal events Contained therein are the Sandhurst Cup, of 300 sovs., the Bendigo Handicap! of 200 sovs., ' Steeplechase, of 150 govs., and Hurdle Race, pf 120 sovs. \- The reported death of Meteor, the winner of the Hawkesbury Handicap, turns ont to be un- onnded, the fact being that Mr. Maitland'a recent purchase, Cora Lee, died at Kingston on Monday, and the name of Meteor was reported by mistake. . T. Lamond arrived at Flemington on Satur day last, accompanied by .Chesbam, Blairgowrie, Miranda, Orator, Huntingtower, Oceana, Tren ton, Abydos and Fernandez. The second edition of Centaur's Index is to hand, containing tbo performances of horses at the Hawkesbnry and Bandwick meetings The neatly arranged publication is an indis pensable tade mecum to turfites at the present period of the racing season. F. Archer, tho famous jockey, has now won the Yorkshire Oaks for the seventh time, his recent victory on Philosophy having been pre ceded by wins on Clocbette (1884), Britomartis (1883), Dutch Oven (1882), "Wheel of Fortune (1879), Jannette (1878), Lady Golightly (1877), and Spinaway (1875). The last named - six mares were at the time the property of Lord Falmouth. Ormonde must have started an unpre- csdentedly warm favorite for the St. Leger, for prior to the departure of the last mail from England the big bet of £5000 to £1000 was laid en him. The wager was made through the post. The second detachment of Mr. James White's formidable team, consisting of Trident, Monte Christo, Hexham and Lava, arrived from Syd ney on Monday in charge of Mr. M. Fennelly. The quartet were safely landed at Essendon station and taken to private quarters at F. UortisoD's, adjoining the Flemington race course, where special precantion has been taken to fit up Trident's box. The crack looked remarkably well. Mr.. White will arrive- in lime to witness tho debut of his team at Caul field to-day. T. Hales, the Kfrkham jockey, arrived overland on Wednesday. Our Ballarat correspondent telegraphs that tho Lai Lai Racing Club have decided to erect a new grand stand, capable of stating 1000 per sons, on their course. The work, together with other improvements, will bo completed in time for the New Year's Day meeting. On Monday morning The Pencil was a trifle gay after his Sunday's rest, and on reaching the Flemington training gronnd the son of King of the Ring began to play up. The lad who rode Mm becoming frightened, jumped off the horse's hack, and neglecting to take the reins withhim the horse got away. After galloping aronnd the training ground and inside the course proper, ho had a turn on the cinders and was pventually stopped on the sand track near the bottom sheds by T, Payten. The-Pencil showed signs of lameness when being led away. Mr. F. F. Dakin certainly has had more than one Irown from Dame Fortune recently. ' Tho New South Wales hurdle racers, Caloola and Bound, arrived at Flemington on Wednes day in oharge of J. Barton. They were accom panied by Gentility, who has joined Foulsham's team at Caulfield. The Arab stallion Crusader was sold at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday to Mr. R. Grice for 250 puinoas. The Ballarat horse, Recall, was supported on Tuesday for the Caulfield Cnp with so muoh (spirit, that tho best offer at last was 100 to 10. Silvermine nevertheless maintained his position as first favorite at 100 to 12, but beyond the Jbacking of Rcoall no business of importance has been transacted during the week on either Caulfield or Melbourne Cups. The Derby and ilaribyrnong Plato are' entirely neglected. Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs tliat Coriso and Blue has gone to the stud, and has been sent to Grand Flaneur. He also wires that little hotting is doing on tho V.A.T.C. paces, the only wagers being 100 to 12 Becall taken, 100 to 12 Silvermine wanted. . A fortunate baoker, who h'as the nice bet of ".£5000 to £75 about tho two Tridents, for the Pci-by and Melbourne Cup, intends to submit the samo to auction at Lyons's rooms, Collius- Streot, on Tuesday next. The present condition ' of tha market shows the bet to be worth £900. ' | Golden Butterfly has been thrown out of training, owing to an enlargement having formed on one of his thighs; . , Volcano, Tamarisk and Sumatra left Flem ington yesterday morning for Caulfield, as did Abydos, Chesbam and Blairgowrie. Maddelina, who ran half a mile with Colley up, would prob ably leave the same afternoon. Mr. J. Redfern was on the Flemington train ing gronnd yesterday morning and had down The Plunger, Metal and Sedition. The trio were indulged in cantering exorcise. Mr. Rob. Howie brought with him from Bal larat on Wednesday Murmur, a 2-year-old filly, by St. Albans from Seaspray, and Dunrobin, the hurdle racer. The following scr&tchings; are announced : — Melbourne Cup : Winchester, Liverpool, Torrent, Myles Na Coppaleen, Blairgowrie, Chesham, Krupp, Plausible aud Cerise and Blue. Caulfield Cup : Mcrrimu, Opal and Plausible. 