Intercolonial' News. Our Sydney Letter. [EBOii oue owif cotnHnpoKDEtrr.] JftfiUaryaO. J The re-opening of Parliament on Wednesday last was the prinoipal event of the week. At ail Opposition caiious held the proviiiis day the question of appointing a leader w».s disoussed, but without leading to any definite result, and Mr. Dibbs consequently remains nominal head of the party. It is only his dogged tenacity of the position that the Govj rnment have to thank for their escape from an adverse motion so soon as the Honso met. Nobody on either side teems to know exactly whom heis following, and safety is ioglorioualy eought by most hon. members in the sullen seclusion of the cross benches. Tho front Ministerial seats were osten- 1 tatiously esohewed by every member who consi ders that he has a political future to take care of, and the poverty-stricken following with which Sir John essayed to carry on the work of Government could not muster courage enough to greet the veteran with a ringlo cheer as he tose to introduce his now t6*m. The tone in which the Heuse reooived him all through was one of indifference, bordering on contempt. It is the party below the gangway that the Oppo sition thinks it necessary to watch. And the party telow the gangway have no more regard for the Ministry than they have for the Opposition. They are merely crouching for a spring so soon as the proper time comes. At present Mr. Diobs*a leadership of the Opposition renders it im possible for them to fairly estimate the strength of that side of the House. The de facto Op position, like tho de facto Government, is huddled together in a confused and hesitating mass below the opposite gmgway. This was the disposition of parties when the House met, and naturally it precluded anything in the shape of serious business being attempted After three nights of indefinite sparring, in which the tail of the Government had a pr6tty warm bout against the combined heads of the Government and Opposition, with the Opposition tail neutral, a week's postponement was agreed to in order to give the Treasurer a chance to submit his financial statement. This document is pro mised on Thursday next, when tho tug of war will be commenced in downright earnest. There will be no further excuse for keeping the Opposition's hands off the stop-gap Govern ment, and another shufile of the cards cannot be avoided, though what party will turn up trumps is a matter of absolute impossibility for anyone to eay. There is but one certainty, namely—that the Robertson Government in its present form has | but very few more days to live. Kvenaportfrom i its personality, which excites tbo ridicule of , the country, the little bit of a41 polioy " that it! has dimly outlined would be sufficient to make its instant dismissal a foregone conclusion. Mr. Dibbs, who appears to be as sanguine as he is headstrong, cherishes evident hopesof leading his ghost of a party back to power, but he utterly fails to infeot any one else with his enthusiasm. Mr. Abbott tacitly enoouragos his old ch-ef's delusion, and with an affectation of laisstz faire humility altogether at varianco with the spirit which prompted his rash attempt to jump the premiership a few weeks ago, he sits aside while Mr. Dibbs arranges for the forthcoming attack. No doubt he would go the length of advising Mr. Dibbs to again take office, but of course he has (> private reasons" for refusing to join him, the same as Sir Henry Parkes had for deserting the leader of tho late Opposition under similar circum stances. It is one thing for Mr. Dibbs to move a vote that will put tho Government out, bat quite another thing to muster a following sufficient to enable him to take Sir John Robertson's place. Mr. Dibbs and Sir John are both as good as shunted. And the only otherpossible Premiers arc Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Abbott Efforts are still being mado to induce Mr. Barton to leave tho Speaker's chair, and unfurl tho standard of a new party, but that lucky young gentleman seems to know perfectly on which side his political bread is butt* red, and shows not tbo losst intention of coming off his high and dry perch, and trying his fortune in tho nncertain arena of militant politics. . It is, therefore, Parkes or Abbott, or 'a now coalition. Nothing else is possible in the present Parliament, and both of them are now acting as if tbey fully under stood the way in which things are inevitably tending. Of course the chances of a dissolu tion have to be taken into account, but in the event of 6uch a crisis it is more than probable that the country would once moro declare that Sir Henry Parkes has become a ueces?ary evil. What tho Treasurer's financial statement will disclose is still a Ministerial secret, but it cannot be said that there is much real interest felt in the matter. Nobody expects a settle ment of tho financial question from the present Government, the public only looking forward to the statement as tho signal for the tug of war to commence. Sir John Robertson clings to tho fatal plank of tenant right for Crown lessees as -blindly as a drowning man clings to;,a- straw, and oven if his Govern ment were a personally eligible one this would bo sufficient" to socuro its downfall. To meet a temporary financial pinch by selling tho improvements oil the public estate is a pro posal which tho present Parliament may bo relied upon to steadfastly oppose, no matter by whom it may be put forward. Fivo hundred thousand pounds, Sir John says, ho iA able to raise in this way. and tho rest of the defi -it ho baa left to theTroasurer to be covered by " an equitable" scheme of taxation. No doubt new taxation will have to be resorted to, and not, for half the deficit but for - the whole of , it. That it should bo mado to fall with an equitable incidence upon tho various classes of the community is also ■ a palpable necessity. It would have been rather odd if tho Treasurer deliberately announced his intention of submitting an inequitable scheme. ' The labour''difficulty at the L&rabton.ooal; mines is beginning to &hsuiuo; a very serious aspect. Four hundred men havo now been on strike for some months, and the hnrdon of sup porting their families is thrown upon the funds of the Trades and Lab mr.Counoil, which now finds the strain getting very unoomfortabla. The strike is not,_ strictly speaking, in the interest of wagee; it is an sssertion of the new priuoiple that labour is entitled to partioipate fairly With capital in the division of profits. It haB been shown by impartial investigation that the malcontents Who are paid by pieoe have beefi earning from 12s_ to 1 So. per day (if, from fiovcu to nitie hctafs: No other oiass of maniial labour in tlid colony is paid at this rate. Mechanics on tints are content with from 8s. to 12s., the latter being only obtainable by first-olass men. Tet all these who belong to toe various trade societies affiliated to too o'oririoil, are placed ntidef o6ii tribution to support men who refuse to' work for higher wages tlian they are content to ao' oept themselves. This has been going on nbw for a considerable time, and as the miners profess their willingness to hold out &b; long as ' "striko allowance" is forthcoming toe position of the oonnoii has become serious in the extreme. The affiliated societies, to use their own phrase, are "beginning to tumble." It is "dawning upon some oi them that working for eight shillings . a day and supporting men who refuse to work for IGs. is an arrangement of mora than doubtful Utility. The mistake toe Trades and LaboU' Council made was in not attempting to find ont the rights of toe matter before lending its oountenanoe to the strike. What stops will be takon to rectify the blander they seem quite puzzled to decide, hut one thing is certain, namely, that toe miners will bleed the institution to death, unless reason speedily prevails on one side or toe other. Socially we haTe had a rather lively week. . The popularity of Government House reoep tions has now extended 'o all classes of society, and this week's gathering was as mixed, and; almost as numerous, as if the affair had been a champion boat race. A horpible story appesrs in one of too morning papers to-day to the effect that two servant girls were amongst the gilded throng. Let some of the Brisbane mistresses, who think themselves the apeoial viotima of modern servantgalism. ponder over ' that frightful discovery. Fancy Mary. Ann saying: "Please m'm, I must arks you to cook toe dinner to-day, me and Bridget having arranged to attend ; Lady Carrington'a reception." In the banquet ing line two Grown Ministers, an ex-Premier, and yonr own Dr. 0 'Doherty, have been success f ally operated npon. At the latter there was a great rnBh of the descendants of the Irish kings .' io congratulate the representative of "Eilo Matoe" on his newly acquired dignity. By toe way, has it ever occurred to you to try and account for toe prodigious feoundity of Ire land's ancient rulers ? In early times the peasantry don't seem to have bred at all.. Anyhow, none of their posterity are to be found' amongst toe Hibernian element of this colony. Mr. Daniel O'Connor, y the Postmaster - General,' just announces his descent from too Royal stock of Tara, hut nevertheless he declines to put on any extra airs on that account, being humbly content to put himself on a par with Napoleon, Garfield, Cleveland, and other nobodies who were com pelled to he the founders of their own houses. • This is a fair sample of toe banquet balderdash for which the hon. gentleman holds a special diploma. But there are tastes and tastes. Somo, are natural; others have to be acquired by long perseverance and oBrefnl study A man has to ' learn to relish turtle soup. It is the same with ■ Mr. O'Connor's oratory. At first it sickens the - average stomaoh, but when people succeed in . accustoming themselves to it it is said to be • regarded as an intellectual delicacy. At any rate it always appears on the intelleotnal menu . at our publio feeds. •' . i 