TO THE EDITOR OP THE AGE. Stu, — Under this heading iu last Saturday's issue of your widely circulated paper, I find a long latter, signed by one 44 Camphor." In it I find ho takes exception to a book called "The Wav of Life." which be s&vshe; 44 was informed" is for sale at the Diocesan Registry, William- street As to the work itself I have nothing to gay. Hut as to his using it as a shield whereby he can cast ulurs at the conduct of the incum bent of St. Mark's, Fitzroy, I, with your per mission, will say a few words. That the letter is a personal attack can be easily seen. The writer did not say to what denomination ho belongs, so I can only infer from snoh phrases as 44 1 have hitherto been under the impression" and 44 1 was always under the ixnpressiou that Church of England people thought" and tho such like that he favors the Anglican com munity. It can not be even inferred that he belongs to St. Mark's, because he only sneaks of what he has boon 44 informed." May f ask on whoso authority does he make the following statements ? 44 Whilo othors reluctant to leave continue in attendance, though with feelings of apprehension and distrust Nor is this surpris ing when one knows that tho incumbent has an acolyte toddling at his heels." Well, sir, the last sentence is not in strict accordance with truth, and thoreforo needs no comment ; and in regard to tho former, I can safely say without fear of contradiction, that the congregation at morning and evening service has nearly doubled and trebled since the incumbent's induction. As a proof, I am glad to eay, the offertories have increased, and are ctill increasing. As to 44 Camphor" judging his Roman Catholic bre thren (and I may add a great portion of his Protestant onesal6o) for abstaining from fleshly food on Fridays, &c.;, I leave to his reconsidera tion, and wonder if he thinks it worthy of a Christian spirit. Better far I think that child ren of all sects should be taught to bow the head with humility while they say 41 Glory bo to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost," than that they should be brought up, as they are day by day, with a Godless educa tion. Thanking you in anticipation. — Yonn, .c./. '' MEMBER OF ST. MARK'S CHURCH. 