THE PASTORAL LETTER OF THE PLECTARY COUNCIL OF AUS ? TRALIA. ' ' ' ' ? . ' ' The Pastoral Letter of 'the Archbishops and Bishops of Australasia in Plenary Council as- _ sembled to the clergy and laity of their charge,' was read in the churches on Sunday last. In ac cordance with our announcement of last week, \- we now lay this highly important pronouncement before our readers. The development of the Church in Australia has extorted the admiration of the whole Christian world, and the recent Plenary Council afforded a striking illustration of its strength, its power, and its unity. In the Pastoral Letter the past and present conditions of the Church are explained in the following graphic and touching language : — THE PAST AND THE PRESENT. The prevalent impression on -our minds, dur ing these days of our Council, is one of intense thankfulness to God, who has so blessed the mustard seed of the Faith in. the Church of Aus tralasia. At a date so recent as to be quite within the lifo- time of men still moving amongst us', there was not one priest, nor one single altar, in all these Southern lands. '?? It is not simply that the ministration of the Church was poor and. scant ; but, as a matter of fact, it did not exist. Children came into the world, and there was no Catholic clergyman nearer than the northern hemisphere to,;baptise them. Old men were dying on the scaffold, or in their beds, but the Indian and Pacific Oceans, and the coral seas of the ' north lay between them and all the sacraments of the dying. Within sight of where we are now assembled the Mystery of our ? Faith, the Most Holy Sacrament, was preserved by?stealthin a poor man's house. It, and its, few faithfullay worshippers were the whole. of God's .Church in;this part of the world1, at the beginning of the current century. At the present hour, the priests in the colonies number several hundreds ; the churches are the , most beautiful in Christen dom j and there is scarcely a religious community ?in the old world which is riotlargely represented in our .midst. Every town has its convent and Catholic schools ; and an assembly of eighteen Aus tralasian prelates meets here; in this ? capital; of .New South 'Wales. A Cardinal is Archbishop of Sydney, and presides over such meeting.' Such a contrast between the beginning and close of a, century is unexampled in history.' Such a- bless- ' ?ing of fruitfulness is unparalleled . since the early ages of the Apostles. ,-.i .??,.. .; : COUNCILS OBJECT TO GIVE PERMANENCE AND DEVE v: ????.. '?? ; LOPMENT TO IT. ? . ' . ;:] ' It is with a view of -corresponding, to our utmost i \ with this immense 'generosity of God's grace; of answering, as earnest men, to. this ; challenge of heaven's liberality, that we are gathered here to-day. The successor of St. Peter directs us to meet together, and, having, firstly : ?: turned to the giver with recognition and thanks, : to provide by forethought and legislation for the stability, protection, and : development of; this so favourable position in the Church. ?At the; call of; the Delegate of Jthe Holy See, ;and .for; the highpurpose set before us— the benefit of thai kingdom of- Christ-^we have travelled, some of us i ; many : thousand miles from our cathedral ?citiesyoto takepart in the prayers and in; the deliberations of this Plenary Council. And, now that'. our consultations are drawing to a close, we are satisfied that God has blessed our aspirations, and ' that the Eedeemer has amply fulfilled His promise to be in our midst. : Our meetings have been characterised by singular one-mindedness ; and our decisions now go on to Rome to be there amended, wherever amending is d«emed neces sary ; and. then, we hope, to be sanctioned and blessed by the Vicar of Jesus Christ. . ; ,',.;,;;:? PERMANENCY OF THE CLERGY. ;. As:- regards our clergy— those who- have left home and kin, who deny themselves so much that the world offers, in order that, they may work with us- in: the Master's vineyard — we have de cided to submit to the Holy Father our opinion ?that they, have a title to share, to some ; extent, that permanency ; of position which hitherto has been possessed by bishops only, in Australia. For years back, the necessities of these missions required that, every priest should be ready, at the beck of authority, to start in any direc tion in which he may be required. This was -not merely a theory; it. was a practice, the carrying out of which must often have entailed considerable unpleasantness on some of the senior clergy. But they nobly answered ; and, we be lieve, the history of half a century does not re cord a word of refusal, nay not even a syllable of remonstrance against this necessary hardship. The extent of country now ssttled makes an open ing, to give a comparatively greater permanence to some of -the' priests. We thankfully welcome it, and . hasten to submit to Rome our desire that it may be availed of. . . .: ,;, , ; '?? ????? .-????, . BISHOPS' COUNCIL. ., .-,???: :::?...' From the same illustrious body —and where could they seek better advisers ?— we wish that each Bishop should form to himself a Council, which he will consult in matters of. graver moment. Such of the priests forming this Council as have permanent charges would be called parish priests ; those members who are not parish priests would be Canons, with certain corresponding at tributes. ;;:??. ? ' ..., ' ,.-'...? ? It is our desire also that, the Administrator of ?diocese, sede ; vacante, -.would- be taken, from its clergy, should the last prelate have died without making any provision for its government. : . ' , 1 We are satisfied' that these , reponsibilities will be accepted by ouv Very Rev. and Rev. Brethren in the spirit in which they are imposed. They will unite the priests and Bishops together firmly; .even as the super-incumbent weight is the strongest, common bond for the walls and pillars of a material Church. .. ... ? ?.-????: ? ?- ,'? THE DUTY OS. THE CLERGY. t 'It is our,: duty- to remind the' clergy that, ?among the: many agencies which God and His Church place in their hands, for a successful apostleship in their parishes, three principally stand forth. And of these the first, in many senses; is the example, of the clergyman's own life; If the priest is known to be earnest in saving his own soul, loving God and God's interests, thoroughly temperate in his habits, free, from :all suspicion of personal avarice, his congregation cannot help belonging to him and to God. if, on the other hand, what heaven forbid, his own habitsi'are; irregular, or if; he is known to be hoarding up treasures in this world, and thinking little] of .those ; of ? 'the next, his labours among the people will .be fruitless,' hig example among his fellow-priests most injurious, and his dying thoughts those 'of. the first false disciple, 'I have sinned betraying the Just One's blood.' The second means is the 'Status Animarum,' or religious census of the parish. No priest in charge of : a mission should be without this Register ; and there is no work of his which will better repay the time and the labour expended oh; it, than such census will. It must be revived each year under the personal supervision of the parish priest or of his curates. . The third means is the furnishing to the people a constant and easy access to the Sacraments. 'In country districts, the opportu nity for Confessien and Communion should be brought, by the holding of almost ubiquitous and often repeated stations, within five miles of every Catholic, at least twice a year. In the towns the Confessionals should be attended for a couple of hours in the forenoon and' from four o'clock till ten in the afternoons^ on every Saturday and vigil or holiday and day of special demo tion. Opportune missions, and aid or visits from -extraordinary, confessors, at fixed periods of the year, are necessary, in order to open the way to 'the' Sacraments for persons who, through one cause or another, may have been an unusual length of time from Penance and Com munion, .or may find a difficulty in confessing to the local pastors. Of, the priests* duty towards the Catholic education of the youth of these colonies, we believe it unnecessary to say much. The duty seems' to be universally recognized by them, and zealously discharged. It is hoped that this: spirit will continue, and still further exert itself, till not one, , single Catholic child in Aus tralia shall be without an opportunity of sound Catholic education. ? ? ? .-? ' SPECIAL DEVOTIONS . . i We believe that there is still room for a great deal of good in further diffusing, among the young and the old, earnest and solid devotion to the Most Holy Sacrament, the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Guardian Angels, and the Saints of God who have left us the example of their heroic lives. . The practices of these devotions create i a healthy atmosphere around- the soul, and protect and nourish that faith and love to wards .God which are .necessary for salva tion. They also supply wants, and- they furnish ? certain semi-human, semi-heavenly I aids, which the soul craves in her dealings with God, and in her struggles with temptation. Where _? they are in vigorous existence, there also are the; theological virtues anda true Catholic, spirit. Where they are not, there also will super- j natural life soon sickened the feeling of God's I presence and God's providence quickly die out. ; CATHOLIC ASSOCIATIONS. : ? f : It is desirable that, as far as possible, there ! be * introduced, especially \ into ,, the. centres | of population, larged-souled Associations, hav-i ing for their object the kindling- in the: hearts of our people an every-day earnest love for Christ in the Most Holy Sacrament, a filial affection for His Blessed Mother, and: a practical ? communion with \ God's saints and ; angels. The Church has blessed and strongly I recommended to us very many of these assOcia-! tioris, and. it will not be hard to find one suitable' to almost any circumstances of age or locality. ' In our days, and' in this particular mattery the; children of the world are wiser than the children , of light.1 ; While 'Europe, and indeed all the civi- : lized globe are being honeycomed with evil i societies, having for their object the. destruction of religion; and while clubs, syndicates, and trade unions .., are, to; an extraordinary degree, the hearts, 'heads, and mainsprings of the political, commercial, and social life, of the world, it is to be regretted that the splendid religious guilds of the middle ages should have been allowed to com paratively die out. The apostles of those times, St. Francis, St. Dominic, &c;, and the Popes who blessed their rules,1 . never believed that their work was ever half done, until they had created the so- called ?' third: orders,' through which their spirit and practices permeated the ordinary, every-day life of the immense body of the ' trading and working classes. In our days' such Associations are more necessary than ; in any previous period of Church history. These should, however, be made to include every Catholic who aims at living up to his belief ; and, instead of limiting themselves to choosing sub jects already good and saintly, should rather ad dress their zeal to persons who need the aid their rules and their spirit offer. Unhappily, many zealous persons and pious communities devote their whole thought to the congenial soil— the ninety-nine, who are comparatively safe and good. Alas, it is the lost sheep, which most calls for the care of the Good Shepherd ! It is the wounded , limb- which needs the splints and bandages of; societies : and rules. In the hands of an earnest and judicious pastor, these religious Associations can beinstrumerital of great good. They are, really the yeast to leaven up the whole mass of his congregation. \ For young girls there should be a 'Children of Mary Association ;' . one which would not confine itself to a picked half-dozen well-instructed chil- : dren in a school ; but would large-heartedly go out into the shops and workrooms, and factories; of the city, and win the. children of daily toil to! be chaste and God-loving, on the beautiful model' of the Virgin mother. . For the youths there should be a ' Catholic \ ''. Young Men's Society' in every parish. Such. a body, while not ashamed to be thoroughly Catho lic in profession and in practice, ought ? to ; be mutually improving in social, commercial,; and educational training. Evening classes in mathematics and the other exacts sciences,! in geology, popular chemistry, mechanics,; surveying, &c;, ? interspersed with occasional improving lectures, and with meetings for the management of their funds, and the suc-j cessful working of the Society, ought to furnish: interesting and useful occupation, and save and win many young men from vice and destruction.. 'The Sodality of the Holy Family ' strives to form each Christian home on the model of that which, for thirty years, the Redeemer blessed with His presence'. It numbers tO-day, in some of the cities of Ireland, over eight thousand fathers or: mothers; and not less than fifty thousand is the average roll through the whole island. Its aim is the cultivationvof the ordinary family virtues, the ? creation, thickly through the masses, of homes charged with the spirit of that at Nazareth, —the child Jesus being the daily example of the children and Mary and Joseph those of the parents. Its frame work is morning and night prayer, the attendance at Mass on Sunday, the regular coming to the Sacraments, the keeping children continuously at school, and training them by word and example to the observance of regular hoiirs and to the habits of industry and self control. By prayer, good books, occasional suit able sermons, pastoral visits, and such like, it inculcates and helps to the virtues of temperance, patience, and forbearance. Its constitution is very simple, its rules easy, and its practices highly interesting and attractive. Then there is the ' St. Vincent of Paul's Society' for the succour of the bodily or spiritu ally destitute ; the ' Christian Doctrine Socioty,' for the active gathering of young children to hear the truths of religion, and for the rendering these truths attractive to the little hearers ; and the 'Purgatorian Society,' for the comfort of the bereaved and for the relief of the dead. Add to these more general Associations, the many having special devotion to particular objects. Such are the 'Confraternity of the Holy Sacrament,' the ' Living Rosary/' &c.; What aids, to keep his congregation good and fervent, does an earnest priest find in these societies ! What channels to let in the flood of God's blessed grace on withered hearts and barren, sapless souls ! ? In some parishes the church is opened on Sun day morning, for Mass, or, at best, on Saturday afternoon, for confessions ; and it is closed, at least as far as its activity is concerned, on Sunday ; night. During the remaining six days of the week, the Good Shepherd is scarcely supposed, to appear outside. How different from His own teaching ! How opposite to the examples of St. Vincent, St. Charles, St. Francis de Sales ! We can hardly understand any weekday duty more suitable to a zealous priest than his working, through the masses of parishioners, by means of societies sanctioned by the Church for such pur purpose. ; TEMPERANCE . SOCIETIES. Finally how piteously does our flock appeal to us for the establishing and. sustaining of temperance societies ; and who is there to create and continue such societies but the clergy? Intoxicating, drink, even if taken only in the same quantity, has a worse effect on the Irish Catholic than on any of his fellow-colonists. Accustomed to the ; restraint of religion and morality, and unaccus-i tomed to pay much heed to the thoughts of self interest, he, being once, even temporarily, seduced from the influence of the former,, is but. little; ruled by the latter. Hence his recklessness under' drink;, hence, also, , . his readily, getting . into petty quarrels, which; a more self-caring disposi tion would avoid; hence, finally, perhaps to some i little extent, the large figure which occasionally, represents, in the police statistics, the Catholios1 arrested for ' minor crimes against the person. ?'; Hostile or, shallow-minded writers in the Aus-i tralian press have tried to impute, the ..excess; of these figures beyond, what the proportion of ? population would warrant, to our holy religion, j Where the statistics are correct, the cause. of the ' excess is as we have stated. Nevertheless, no one can close his eyes to the fact that very large percentages of . our young men are annually drawn into the drinking classes; There they soon become lost to all self-respect, to honour,' industry, and domestic happiness. God and man are equally lost sight, of, and not unlike the i rabble who . crucified the Redeemer, they cry out, 'We have no king but drink, no religion but ourgown passions.' We earnestly recommend the formation, in every parish, of temperance societies, ; under the charge of .the local pastor. They should be made practical and attractive. We warn our feeloved clergy that, in a twofold sense, the future, even temporal; of the Catholic laity in these colonies is very largely in their hands. Without thrift, and temperance, and foresight, the people's undeniable willing ness for hard work will not save the great body from a constant lowering in the social scale. Unfortunately, in a large proportion of cases, the lowering will soon settle into extinction. Again, in a great number of cases,— greater each ^year as the 'union' spirit of the present century gains strength, — Catholics will join as sociations of their fellow-men. It depends on the present action of the priests, whether they will do so under the shelter of the Church or beyond her pale. ' ? ASSOCIATION FOR THE PROPAGATION OP THE FAITH. Hitherto we have spoken of those societies only who labour within the household of the Church. Amongst those whose direct object is outside that circuit, the first to claim attention is 'the soul appealing Association for the Propagation of the Faith. Theni there are that of 'The Holy Child-: hood,' and the many others, who partition to themselves, for the. Gospel, the still unreclaimed lands of the savage and the infidel. All these ?merit our strongest sympathy, ,and our heartiest support. The generally recognized form which that support takes is a short prayer once a day, asking the Master of the harvest that He would send labourers to His work, and a very small offering, once a week, to maintain the association and the labourers. . CATHOLIC CIRCULATING LIBRARIES, &C.; Catholic circulating libraries are. when the books are judiciously selected, and the busi ness part efficiently managed, a great means of keeping the spirit of religion alive among the people. The strength, and light, and balm con veyed into a home or an individual by a good book is incalculable. It is often better than the voice of the pastor. Its address cannot be inop portune : it is taken up when one needs it, and it' ceases to speak before one can get tired of it. ; It never gets, impatient with our stupidity, or, . wearied at our obstinacy. It does not challenge our pride, for we do not dream of its glorying in our submission ; it waits ; calmly for our ad-: hesion or rejection ; and, its visit over, it passes; on to another soul, to be there also a friend and; counsellor. Bad books have been the cause of the: ruin of religion in many parts of the Continent of Europe. They will do the same in, the colonies,1 unless the antidote is availed of. A project is under consideration for a central depot in Sydney, as well as a library of Catholic school text-books, and we have good hopes that this project will be gradually realized. , THE CHURCH IN EVERY DAY LIFE. There are, more or less, in every part of the civilized globe, worldly persons, who would con fine the action and influence of the priesthood wholly within the rails of the sanctuary. They pretend' to tolerate her ministers' as a caste, allow- ing to them, at best, the dim honour' of what, they rejoice to fancy, is a quickly-waning reli gious light. They put the clergy in the same class as other Sabbath-day ' garments, to .appear on certain recognized occasions of parade or solemnity. But they hate to see the Church exercising her influence in every-day life. ' Let her,' these men say, ' baptise infants, officiate for those who wish to attend her temples, on Sunday, and in her suitable rites at the solemnity of funerals, but there let it end' — she must leave the machinery of every day life to us. Men who speak thus have always some evil passion to gratify, and they find the Church of God the only strong barrier against them. History is full of examples of this spirit of evil opposing our holy religion, and] thereby unwittingly furnishing the strongest proof of her divinity. Henry VIII. wished to put away his lawful wife, and take to himself and the throne of England another woman. The Church was the obstacle in his way, arid hence he decides that the Church must retire within such limits as will not interfere with him. And so it has been before his time and since., and, probably, will ever be. Immoral men wish to minimize, if not quite destroy, the sacredness of marriage the Socialists seek to break down the rights of property, and to give to the thief or the idler the earnings of the honest, and industrious man; revolutionists strive to destroy the fabric of the State, hoping in .the extinction of the supreme power, and in the general con fusion, to better their own position. All such men find the Church sorely in their way, and raise some one of the stereotyped cries against her — ' Let her keep to her altars and her prayer books, and leave the management of the world to us.' But, we tell you, that the Church's business is in every spot where her children are. Wherever sin and Satan may attack them, be it by the family hearth-stone or in the market-place, in the school room or in the senate, in the lowest slums of the city or in the highest circles of social life, the Church has, not merely a right, but a divinely imposed duty to be present. She must stand be fore the Cæsars of vice as before the Cæsars of power : she must not be dismayed by opposition, discountenanced by ridicule, nor discouraged by momentary failure. Her ministers must, if ' needs be; cheerfully leave their lives in the arena ;. but living, they must fight the good fight ; arid dyings they know that the victory is theirs. ' Confidite, ego viei mundum.' It is in this spirit, therefore, beloved children of the laity, that, having spoken at some lerigth to 'your immediate pastors, the clergy, on several of their charges in your regard, we address the following remarks on certain matters of ordinary life, more directly to yourselves. FIXED HOMES. We beseech you in the first place, to aim as siduously at making settled homes for your families. Ordinarily speaking, there is is no more necessary, as there is no more abundant, channel of God's grace to men, than a good Christian home. It is a cradle of purity to the little ones of the household ; and, to the older members, it is a shrine whence virtue appeals surrounded by its most interesting and most winning attributes. Those who live in the country districts, whether agricultural or pastoral, should strive to secure for themselves a just share in the public lands, otherwise, when these latter are no longer in the market, their children must necessarily be shearers or farm labourers, wandering from shed to shed, and from harvest to harvest. You surely love your children as much as your fellow-colonists love theira. You as heartily crave that, in after life, you may be affectionately remembered by them. Why then do so many of you leave them no heritage but that of daily toil. Why do you leave it in their power to think by and-bye,- — ' if father had even a little thought for us we might be as well off to-day as the best of our neighbours.' . , schools. We beg you all to place your children, early in their childhood, at good Catholic schools, and to endeavour, by every means in your power, to keep them there in constant attendance. The child whose early years have been spent in a well ordered Catholic home, and in regular and healthy attendance at a good Christian school, has made the best preparation towards meeting the temptations and dangers which beset the man hood years of all. .'. : MORNING AND NIGHT. PRAYER — THE ROSARY. . ? : ? The work of the day for parents and children should begin with morning prayer. God, in the old law, commanded His chosen people to offer to Himself, in recognition of His supre macy, the first annual fruits of the earth. The same God expects in similar recognition, from every Christian the first waking thought of the morning, the first homage of the heart resuming its daily consciousness. Where pos sible, morning prayer should be a common duty of the hmisehold. The few minutes it re quires can be easily secured. The benefits to parent and child derivable from jt- are great in the present and incalculable in the future. When, at night, the Almighty again gathers the members of a^home beneath the family roof -tree, all should, before retiring to rest, join in that- beautiful prayer which strings, one by one, the most appeal ing scenes of Christ's life on the thread of the rosary beads. The words brought down from heaven by an angel; the imagery coming straight from Bethlehem, and Calvary, and Olivet; the prayers asking protection for the present and for the hour' of death ; and the gentle spirit of affec tion to Blessed Mary, which softens and sweetens the whole, should endear the devotion' of the Holy Rosary to every Catholic family. We believe that the father and mother, who frequently neglect [evening household prayers, are guilty » of a serious dereliction of their duty, as . well towards themselves, as towards the Christian training of their children. And we are satisfied, on the other hand, that evening prayer and rosary, said constantly in common, cannot fail to instil piety and faith into children, till these latter become a second nature to them. In long after years, perhaps in far distant lands, and in very perilous circumstances, they will take a more than mother's place. The memory of the night prayer in the cottage home of one's parents and one's ohildhood will speak with a winning ness all its own, and be listened to for go»d, when the priest's voice is riot keard, or, if heard, is not heeded. Catholic Brethren, you who give so &?????.:? ?????.? generously to build your noble churches, andwho so love to see your temples fair and decorous* remember that your little ' ones' first lesson in , piety and virtue ia your own example,, and their ; first initiation into common worship your house told prayer. If in the former you lead them ? astray, aH.d in the latter jyou neglect them, the deepest, abyss of the sea would be better than the lot tb.at awaits you. 'What we have been saying of household prayer leads us to its more elevated form, — Sunday wor ship. Mount Calvary, as the altar on which the one stupendous sacrifice worthy of God and satisfying His justice was offered is to us the most important ' scene o£ Christ's work on earth. Through it the promised pardon was realised, and from it All His sacraments .derive their strength.- So also the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, — the continuation of [ Calvary, is ,one holocaust left to us by the Saviour, to perpetuate and keep living His Act of Redemp- , tion. It primarily, and in a certain sense alone, keeps open the intercourse between heaven and , earth re-established by Him. As Christ did not change or cancel the commandments, 'fchou shait not kill,', and 'thou shalt not steal/' so neither did He or His Church abolish the order to. ' ieep holy the Sabbath day.' This last, xmiteras fully, as the otb.ers, ? retains to-day all its original authority. The. form which that ' keeping holy' ,ia princi pally to take is che Sacrifice .of the Mass.' And' this is the'ordination,notof man, but of Him who says ' this is My blood which- shall be shed for you and for many, uato the remission of sins ? do ye this in commemoration of Me.' ? This obligation of sanctifying the Sunday, and of sanctifying it thus, is well understood by. you. We exhort you to b« faithful in fulfilling it, and to bring up your children in the same practice. 'With far more fervour and reality than the Prophet in the Old Testament; may we cry out, 'There is no nation under,, heaven which has its God' SO near to it. as nnr dnc\ iarnovh ntitn ns ! ' The Mass is, as we have said, the perpetuation of Calvary. In it are present the very blood there : shed, and the body t-here .immolated. ' For you , and yours, for the living and the dead belonging ' to you, that precious blood is there being poured ; out, and that sacred body is there being offered. ' 'What an invitatibn.to you' to be present I ? What, a challenge to all the gratitude and love of which' your soul is .capable ! What an opening for pardon, ' and. what an opportunity for grat«3.i i . That most .solemn moment called of ' Consecra-' 'tion' is placed by G-od's Saints in the most' precious setting of the .Church's Liturgy, T'he, -ang-els and the apostles and martyrs are invoked,! the words -of Christ,, as the Holy. Ghost has penned them down in' the Gtospels, are read, andi into that saintly assemblage, that Holy of Holies, you are invited. ? . ? The Catholic who, unless prevented by ft serious, obstacle, absents himself from Mass on a ^Sunday or holiday of . obligation, is guilty ot. a, grievous; sin. His omission is a grave disobedience to that . ?Church to which Christ has said:— 'He that; laears you1 hears Me; and he that despises you despises Me.' It is also a contempt of God's greatest mercy, and a very serious neglect of the means of Salvation. ; FREQUENT COMMUNION. . With the holy sacrifice of the Mass, prophet and apostle have united the receiving of the Blessed Eucharist. 'As often as you eat this Ibread,' says St. Paul, ' and drink this chalice, you shall announce the death of the Lord.' I-uring the first persecutions- daily communion was an ordinary practice* in many parts of the Church., In the Says of- the penal laws, Mass wa3 seldom said in Ireland or England that all present did not communicate. And well, in those times, might men so live 5 for- from hour to hour, they stood face to face with death. At present,, daily communion is found only within the cloister ; and, the number of even weekly or monthly. communicants is not one-fourth of what it should be. Christ 'prepares his banquet, and sends out his mepsengers to call those who were invited.' He adds, 'unless you eat of the flesh of the Son of Man, you shall not have life in you.' Yet, ^many Catholics pass whole years rejecting the invitation and defying the threat. The piety of young 'children attending school or just after leaving it, is frequently exposed to the grave scandal of a father, who for years does not approach the. Holy Table. What a terrible judgment is such a parent laying up for jwLuacii. : .now raise is ne to me unrisE, wnose words, he pretends to believe, are those of eternal life ! How cruelly misleading is he to his children, in whom his example, stronger than all instruc tion, is daily tending to produce a similar naglect. The notion that religion is good and pleasing to children and women, but is not expected from business men, is widely preached, and oven where not believed, is largely practised. But thfs false theory, so insulting to man and so slanderous of .his Maker, strikes its roots only into hearts over balanced by self -pride, or aorrupted by avarice or immorality. Religion came directly from God. It was communicated not to the stars in the sky, nor to the beasts of the field, but to Man, the noblest oi God's works. Its first form was that of a mandate, which, while requiring from Adam an homage to the Creator's supreme dominion, ten xiered to him, at the same moment, a splendid recognition of his intelligence and ' free will. Prom that hour to the present day, Man has lowered or raised himself in the scale of' Creation, according as his life has been a refusal or a realiz ing of his duty to God. Hence it is, that the meanest races of humanity have ever been those ? in whom religion has had least part ; and; on the other hand, the highest in intelligence1 are in variably found to be such as are most permeated . by thoughts of God. As it is with the races, so also , is it generally with individuals. The great men of every department of life have been charged with and elevated by the spirit of religion. Catholic parents, wo trust that you will close the door of your children's homes against this wicked indif forentism, which withdraws the soul from God. If, unhappily, yourselves have hitherto been bad examples; in your families, we beseech you, open your eyes to the danger of your sons and daugh ters becoming victims of the same carelessness or' unbelief.' EARLY EMPLOYMENT OF. CIIILDBEN. When your children leave school, do not- per- mit the spirit and habits there acquired to perish. The years, which intervene betwe'en the end of. school time and the. first dawn of manhood or womanhood are the most important of all one's life* It is then 'that tas'tes begin to develop thein gelves ; passions uave then to learn whether they are to tie the' rulers or the ruled '; comradeships 'anS associations begin to be formed. ; habits settle themselves on the heart and the mind ; and the spirit, which is to govern the soul during after life, enthrones itself firmly therein. And yet, it is .at this very period, that young girls and young boys are most left $6 themselves. Would to God it was oalv fi to themselves I' Aias. in how msUiv instances are they left to tho first unsuitable companions that seize o'Atham, to irregular hours, and to still more if regular habits ! The discipline Of school lite, and the respect for authority which it creates, soon give way to a time of uncontrol and irresponsibility ; the wishes of parents are disrespected 5 the inculcations of religion and morality are set aside \ and often the very laws of the State are outraged, till} at last, the innocent and promising Catholic sciidol cmld or a couple of years ago- the c'sntre of parents* and teachers* love and hope3, becomes the settled down outcast o§ society. To whom is this sad result, this ^reat disappointment, to be imputed ? To the parents, and to the parents alone; After leaving school, the boy dr girh but especially the former, should be immediately bound to some trade or professi'dh. Let every care be taken to make sure tftafc the occupation selected is healthy and suit able, and that the persons, into the company of whom the young apprentice is necesssarily brought, are. virtuous and improving. These points being ascertained, let there be no mistaken kindness 5 no time allowed for habits of indecision, unsteadiness, or laziness, to take possession of the child. Set him, at onc'Qi on the path of industry and honest occupation, and you will do well by yourselves and by society, and best of all, by your young beginner. Through uridefinedness of training and of pur pose very many of our people neglect to place their children in the ranks of : skilled labour. Hence, m aiter years, you find Catholics abundant m the police force, in the navvy camps, in the labour gangs of large contractors, in the charge of public houses, on the wharves and on the cab-stands, dam-making or fencing in the far interior, or timber- getting by the fever-stricken estuaries, along the northern coast. In fact, you find those poor fellows wherever the hours are long, the cli mate merciless; the labour -unskilled, the comforts few, and the; remuneration' small. Why is all this the case? Because their parents brought them up to nothing better. Dearly beloved, open afour eyes to this mistake. No enemy could do you more injury than, by this listlessness and shortsightedness,, you are thus doing to your selves, and to those whom you love more dearly still, your own children. Those of you, who are; already working on new railway constructions, avoid those curses of large public works,. gam- bling and intemperance. Save your earnings for a couple of years, get homesteads, and make to yourselves some provision and resting place for 1 the evening of your life. Bring yourselves within the influence and comfort of religion. God never j meant the Irish Catholic to be the wanderer that : he is over the face of the earth. ' : ??; (To be continued.) -??..-,;..., 