UNDER THE SPEAKERS EYE. [BY THE MEMBER FOR SA[?]BUSH.] The House has been in a state of un-<*> rest during the past week or two—almost approaching spontaneous combustion. Whether it was the electricity in the atmosphere or the near, approach of the sth of November I cannot say, but there has lieen more ill-temper shown and mora bard words said of late than was either seemly or necessary. The Opposition have much to answer for in this respect. They have been making an expirin" struggle, lashing around, and fussing and fuming. They are very much like a kangaroo—far more tail than head, aud will never do much in the House till they are a little more patriotic and painstaking. It seems to be taken for granted that the Government of the day are to be tha constructive element and the Opposition the destructive element, and that the only cue which the latter can adopt with auy degree of success is to frustrate anl hinder. Mr. Moule, who is said to hi one of the independent party, but wh votes against tlie Government with a persistency worthy of the mist pronounced Oppositionist, has li_ several rebuffs of late. The Premier steadily refuses to pay any attention to anything he says. The other day Mr. Moule brought forward a matter in the House which he conceived to be of sufficient importance to move a formal motion on, and having reference to the refreshment-rooms at the Murray Bridge, but the Government did not think it worth while to answer him, and nobody else took the question np. Mr. Moule looked unutterable things, and had the rules of the House permitted would no doubt have said things he ought sot t utter. If he passes over to the Opposition altogether it will not be a matter of sur prise to anybody. Mr. Newland has for so small a man -lied a very large space in the House of late. But stop ; I withdraw that word "small"—he doesn't like it, and I don't want to wound his feelings. He was very angry with Mr. Bray the other day for saying** he could not see bim although he supposed he was in the House." This is one of those little pleasantries which, probably might ai well have been left un said, but coining from Mr. Bray I don't think Mr. Newland need have taken any notice of it. Mr. Bray has been called '" Little Johnny" from time immemorial, and still be comes up smiling. " A two-feet rule wouldn't feel insulted by being taunted about its height by another two-feet rule," I heard Glyde say the other day apropos* of tins matter. It is getting rather difficult to see anybody in the House now; the papers on the tables are being piled np so high that they obstruct the view. Mr. Furner, Mr. Bray, Mr. New land, and one or two others, are gradually disappearing from our gaze, and when Mr. Kingston said of Mr. Farner the other day tbat "little boys should be seen bnt not heard." Mr. Furner might have retorted that, as under present cir cumstances he could not be seen he was quite determined that he would be heard. Air. Tennant, the biggest of our members, is, however, neither seen nor heard; and Mr. Basedow, another big member, is like Mr. Kingston's little boys seen but very seldom beard. Jlr. Howe is one of those who are both seen and heard. In his anxiety to keep nothing back trom the House be becomes too loquacious and detailed, and gets tangled up in a net of his own weaving till *€ Little Johnny," or some other member of the Ministry comes to his rescue, reminding one of the fable of the mouse and the lion. Mr. Howe is too conscientious and impulsive ever to become a successful politician; his heart is too warm, and his nature too kindly. Mr. Glyde rendered the Government considerable assistance on Thursday in passing their Loan Bill. This member makes the finances of the colony a very prominent question in nearly all his speeches, and what he says on this subject is attentively listened to. His.facts ate reliable, and his forecasts usually correct. His defence of the Attorney-General for his change of front on this question was the only one attempted, and seemed to tell with the House. There was a patriotic ring in what he said as to lhe fixture of South Australia which many of as would do well to take to heart. The dark side of the picture is so persistently held up before us that many are beginning to believe there is no bright side at aIL We are, as Mr. Glyde put it, so constantly brooding over our liabilities that wa have neither the time nor the inclination to consider ihe value and extent of our assets. Mr. Ward's big policy, which inclnded two railways in his own district, and a proposal to sell millions of acres of land for ss. an acre and upwards, was very judiciously withdrawn by that gentleman. Any pro posal emanating from anybody else to sell land is regarded by Mr. Ward as conclu sive evidence of lunacy, but he does not hesitate to recommend the same course himself, and his inconsistency in this respect was pointed out most forcibly by ihe Hon. Mr. Hawker on Thursday. The cry of "sell the land" is gradually grow ing from a very feeble solo into a very powerful chorus. Mr. Ward usually sings as loud as he can on the other side, but he is always reminding us of bis star per formances 14 or 17 years ago, whereas the present and the future are what we have to consider. To be always digging up skeletons may be useful from an anato mical point of view, and ghosts are good for frightening boys and have served their purpose for protecting orchards and store rooms from ?bildi"b marauders, but all the power is with the present and all the hope is with the future. Mr. Ward re gards the discovery of the Teetulpa goldfields as a special interposition of Providence on behalf of his argu ment, and it is gratifying to be told that Providence takes so much interest in our Parliamentary doings, albeit that is a discovery which is not altogether without its elements of disquietude. The celebrated Mrs. Partington, who triad to sweep back the Atlantic with her broom, was not engaged in a more hopeless task than is our Ebenezer in trying to stem the tide of public opinion which demands the sale of land. Mr. Ward will utter this cry in the wilderness of Frome ere long; he will tell the farmers of all the ills that will result from the policy he condemns ; but will he tell them that he himself advocates it, only in another form, and that the consequence of not selling tho land may be a vastly Increased land tax? Our other great orator, Mr. Bees, has been very silent of late, but on Wednesday he spoke with his usual ability and energy on Mr. Kingston's motion, fits evidently hasn't a very high opinion of his fellow members, which seems strange considering their high opinion of him. He told us that already he had been asked to stand for five districts at the ensuing election. What a pity it is that h& cannot cut blmaolf up and divide himself into a sufficient number of parts to satisfy everybody. Couldn't he do like die cele brated Mr. Bunthome, "puthimself up to be raffled for?7' The entrance fees might be made very -heavy, and tha proceeds devoted to the permanent reduction of tha deficit. I commend this idea to the Treasurer. I wonder he hasn't thought of it himself; he is great on discovering " nest-eggs," and has a scent for a hen roost which is almost suspicious. Some thing certainly ought to be done to give each of those five districts a fair chance. Fancy having set your mind on being represented by Mr. Rees and then to have to fall back on Hawker or Smith, or Play foid or Symon; the disappointment would be almost greater than the well balanced mind of any ordinary elector should be called upon to bear. Oh, Onkaparinga ! Onla^ringa! Thou little I knowest the envy thou has caused, aad | the danger that lies before thee; petition. £-putate, testunenbJise, at once. Give a dinner or do something, and do it quickly. The life of the present Parliauieufc wiil cease probably about next Tuesday or Wednesday week. How many of those wbo now have the privilege of writing M.P. after their names and of taking excursions by train in tbe capacity of deadheads will this time next year enjoy those proud distinctions 1 But why should I think of such a gloomy subject ? Already there are about 15 candidates spoken of for my own district, and I am not sure that Ilr. Rees is not one of them Already I have been threatened that if Idon'tsupport all sorts of measures which are diametri cally opposed to each other, and many of which 1 would a great deal rather cut off somebody else's finger than agree to, my chances of success in SJtbush are -mall indeed. The Catholics will go against me if 1 support the Bible in schools, the Wesleyans will go agn'nst me if I don't; my sporting friends will oust me if I don't vote for the totalizator, and my religious friends will consign me to limbo in this life and to Sheol in the life to come if Ido The odds in favor cf any one course of action which lias for its object the securing of votes are so trifling, that recognising the futility of E-Ccets by trying to please anybody ia particular, and the positive certainty of failure by trying to please everybody in general, I mean to adopt the more manly course and try to please myself, and I think I shall be once more the member for Saltbush. 