\- "" " REVIEW. he Life of the Very Rev. Thomas N. Burke, O.F. By Paul, Trench, and Co. 1885. " It is magnificent, but it is not history," might be considered the verdict of the present generation on those brilliant but untrustworthy sketches by means of which the great Whig historian, Macaulay, secured for himself fame and fortune while proving to the world the depth and sonorousness of the English tongue. There are those who would extend the same verdict to most of the works of the trenchant- writer who lately visited these shores. It was in " The English in Ireland " that Mr. Froude was supposed to have wandered ' furthest from the broad pathway of fact into the seduc- five rooms gas fancy. The views he enunciated with \- -" Jessie and «itniiinnDun of research ' sold elaborateness of detail and minuteness of research were sq antagonistic to those generally accepted cattle ' controversies aroused by them have scarcely yet subsided. But when, some thirteen years ago, he signified his intention, of visiting America for the purpose of obtaining from the American people a verdict in his favour, his warmest admirers remembering the large Celtic element west of the Atlantic received the announcement with the gravest forebodings. It was in replying to the historian that Father Burke secured both opportunity and reputation. Before finish was known 88 an eloquent preacher, whose pleading in the cause of charity had met with gratifying SUCCESS. Subsequently he was known, at least among his countrymen and co-religionists, as the doughty champions who battled for them against one whose a Ridings were admired wherever the tongue of Shake spear and Pope found a home. On the result of the . contest it is not our province to dwell. Opinions vary. Indeed, in matters of this description Louson has small chance of making headway against racial and religious prejudices, The chance of discovering the fountain of perpetual youth is scarcely more remote than that of finding a sincere Protestant and an equally sincere Catholic who agree regarding the characters of Scotch Mary and of English Elizabeth-accept as true the same portraits of ' Guy Fawkes and of Cromwell. Some think Froude was obliged to make a masterly movement to the rear; others that Friar Burke'- proper place after the fight would have been a cosy bed in the nearest hospital. We have no doubt that " Father Tom," as his country- men affectionately called him, was an able, earnest, and eloquent divine ¡ but we doubt very much whether he was such a prominent figure in the world's eyes as his biographer would lead us to suppose. Size, after all, is entirely comparative, Tho fir trees which in our boy? hood's eyes touched the sky with their slender tops, appear mean and insignificant beside the giant gums of Gippsland. Just as years, generations, centuries sometimes, have to go by before a great man's pedestal in the world's Pantheon can be decided upon, so with living mon, you have to got a good distance away from them before estimating their real proportions. Besides, a % man, like an event, may be of vast importance in a small community's eyes, while attracting but little notice from the great outside. world. To England and Spain the Peninsular war was second to none in moment. To Europe and France it was a mere affair of outposts. father Tom" was lucky from the start. His mother was a woman of deep religious feeling. She had a presentiment that the child would be born on the 10th' of September- the Feast of St, Nicholas of Tolentino and vowed that, if a boy, " I should follow his order, but if I turned out to be a girl, I was to '' keeps Sister of Mercy." The toned out a boy, but with the waywardness of boyhood, Bent his preliminary squeak across Gaha, ay Bay on the 8th instead of tin Raytheon not of disobedience that filled his parent with apprehensions concerning his future, He was called Nicholas all the same-Thomas being added subsequently. The next two sentences in the "life" are delicious, one would say, for want of a better word:- ] "So long a period elapsed between the birth of the third pistol and of Nichols, that the parish scared when he appeared. Ayre Burke (his father) had been ¡ a stooped elderly man as long as most Galway people could remember him, but noted for MR vivacity, and he took with good humour the congratulations which greeted him on all sides after the birth of little Nich- o/as." From the beginning, Nick was destined for the church. The hope of sempiternal happiness in a future world and the certainty of frequent applications of a stout leather strap in tim could not entirely control the lad's boisterous levity. It was not until he was sent to, Mr. Mag/ruth's School that his thoughts took a serious, turn. Mr. Magrath's system was attractively simple. We quote :-" . If I cannot drive it into your head, I'll drive it into you somewhere, was a phrase of his, as stroke after stroke fell on the screaming victim." With such pts to learning and faith it is small wonder that, further on, we find the youth, when ordained, saying, in connection with baptismal regeneration : There is no fear of a Catholic priest, as I have known other ministers do, take ten or twelve children in a district and baptise them all together by dipping his finger in the water and giving them a sprinkle." This is a serious charge. He certainly might have taken all the fingers. In countries like Ireland and America, where the rainfall is abundant and large mobs are easily accessible, there is no excuse for this gingerly application. It will occur to most i vendors that tho'despii-Gcl negro method of " chucking " the children over a bridge so as to make sure of complete immersion leave no room for cavil, At an early age young Burke was beaten, in mistake, by a man. So soon as the good sister discovered her error she say: "I am very sorry for the mistake, Nicholas, but your own good sense will tell you that often when you richly deserved a whipping you escaped." Surrounded by influences like those it is little wonder that the boy's mind soon acquired a stub- born bent. It is bad enough to be beaten when you I deserve it is but to be corrected by proxy, and then expected to feel grateful, is peculiarly irritating. Tom's father was a baker. But the family was an old Anglo Norman one-the Do Burghs. By long oppression they had come down from baking heretics to baking bread.. Burke fere was fond of music, and " a poor man used regularly to Wait upon him to play on the flute." With the single exception of the trombone we know of no instrument so conducive to melancholy as the German white. It never appears to speak out half what it means keeps a reserve stock of gruesomeness behind to "spring" upon one as a sort of funereal ad- dendum. Why the instrument still keeps its place in the modern orchestra shows how little musicians are alive to their best interests. The more you strive to improve it by putting on an extra key here, and drilling a larger bore there, the more distressingly melancholic it becomes, That Walter Brake should keep up his " vivacity" under such a strain is an additional proof of the mercurial temperament of the Celtic race. And so young Nicholas Burke grows up-an idle, noisy, spirited lad, but entirely free from anything that would come under the head of " vice unless smoking tobacco be considered incompatible with morality. With" increasing years levity gave place to serious- ness indolence to affliction. His facility for acquiring languages was extraordinary. In Italy his novitiate was passed, and between that country and Ireland his life was mostly spent until 40 Thackeray's " age of reason "-was left well behind. Fragments from his sermons, lectures, and conversations are given in the book before us. They point to him as one who loved his kind, who was over ready to use his great powers in the cause of the poor and down-trodden. Still, it is impossible for men of the world, whose philosophy was not learnt in the cloister, to repress a smile when examining the opinions and logic of an amiable ecclesiastic. On the subject of a confession," for instance, he is charmingly ingenious. " If you find a true friend that can keep a secret, the next thing is, what can he do for you ? If you tell him your secret can be lead you out of the difficulty. . , God has provided in the church a mighty sent for this natural craving of man. The Catholic. . . , knows that in the first priest he meets he has a friend whom God has provided for him, and in whom he can place implicit faith," We forgot how many centuries went by before the discovery was made that the road to heaven lay through the confessional. There are, no doubt, men so constituted that they cannot kiss their wives without washing the fact to the neighbourhood who can no more keep a secret than Charles Surface could preserve the family portraits. But because A, who cannot keep his own counsels, derives relief by letting B into the secret, it is hard that C, who would fain keep things to himself, has to go to-that is, has to risk his soul for not telling D all about it From food upon which some thieve, others turn away. It does not agree with them. It is just the same in the world of thought and morale. La Place's guess at the secret of the universe appear to the Kellogg rusting the mere \---_--- I hallucinations of a madman. The elementary moral code which satisfies the devotee is not comprehensive enough for the philosopher. We are not arguing that auricular confession is not a divine institution. It is the logic by means of which Father Burke proved its necessity that charms us. The great dominican had a leaning towards hyperbole. When he speaks of O'connell is " the man who shook the world," and alludes to the Nation newspaper as having " created a national, poetry, a national literature, which no other country can equal, the statements set one thinking. During his novitiate Father Tom met a young priest who nearly lost his life by going to bed with cold feet. To ward off such academies, young Burke used to dance in his cell " every night before going to rest" If the enemy of mankind expected to make the young man renounce his views by plaguing him with cold feet, he little knew the ingenuity of the person with whom he had to deal. Had the Rev. Mr. Barham seen the youthful Irishman struggling with temptation, Ingoldsby might have given us another legend. Of course, for a person with corns the method has some drawbacks. At mimicry Father Burke was inimitable Cardinals, bishops, and the lower clergy gave way to unbecoming henry at his earlieR. He had a fine voice, was a good pianist, and, the book says, " Among the songs Father Burke sang at this time wore ' Finnegan's Wake,' ' Scroggins' Ghost,' and the Gallant Hussar.'" One of the best representations was that of a blind beggar's dog. " Some of the time he was posed as the dog begging, his hands hanging down like paws, his face was one of perfect canine expressiveness, and he did not hesitate to hold between his teeth the little skull cap of his Order." That " holding the cap" we consider the piece de resistance of this remarkable scene. It was more than talent it was inspiration. But one of his best performances was the imitation of a peripatetic Tuscan dentist who used to drive down the Piazza di San Agnosi at Rome blowing a trumpet for custom, much like our suburban ice-cream traders. At dinner Father Burke would hide a dessert knife up his sleeve, set one of the canon's heads in chancery, and pretend to draw a tooth. Sometimes when there was no person present on whom he liked to operate be used a loaf of broad as the skull, previously sur wounding it with a napkin." Over this performance he often got be excited as almost to forget the fitness of things and seize the first head presenting itself. So that we are not surprised when, a little farther on we read of his reaching for a cardinal guest and subjecting him to this unseemly operation. Fortunately, his Eminence took it all in good part, but we may be sure that the feelings of the assembled ecclesiastics when the audacious friar gave the Prince's head a preliminary tvyJBt preparatory to business, were wrought to a high pitch. Even before the Papal chair he could not quite suppress his hilarity. For we are told that when a number of English converts attended the Pope's Rev, Father Bourke stood beside his Holiness to tell him the antecedents , of those approaching. The following ensued: Pio None.-" Thomas, my son, who may this be " Thomas.-" The Duchess of Leeds, most Holy -Father's' P.N.-'( What a colossal figure 1 '» Test YeSj, Holy Father, faith moves mountains." The Vatican Council, whither he attended the Bishop of Dromore as " theologian," made a deep impression on him. The number of priests, guards, zouaves, legionaries were bewildering. His Holiness passed to the basilica " amidst the hum of thousands, and the sheen of 'naked swords ; amidst the crash of musket butts, as the military knelt and presented arms ; amidst the thrilling strains of martial music, booming bells, and thundering volleys of artillery." But nowhere in the book are we told the part that foreign bayonets took in making this display possible, nor is an allusion made to the fact that when these bayonets were removed the temporal jurisdiction of the Vatican shrank to the walls' surrounding it. Father Burke died in July, 1883. He was kindly, versatile, able man, devoted to his church and to his country. His life, as told in the volumes before us, throws a good deal of light on matters which seldom fail to puzzle an English- man-matters connected with race, religion, and conduct, which are not yet thoroughly understood by the leas mercurial people on the east of St George's Channel 