~Mixed Memoranda. Weather dull. Buggy accident at No. 2 tunnel. Mr. Barber's funeral largely attended. "'' Stars" shine at Braidwood to-night. Gundagai railway opened on Thursday. Juvenile meeting on Thursday night a success. The Darling is at its highest floed-33 feet. Important Volunteer Meeting on Mon day night. More revelations in the Crawford-Dilke divorce case. Dr. Schutte, an able Sydney physician, is dead. New Zealand native affairs have been smoothed down. Bungendore M-asonio ball postponed till next month. Sir Henry Parkes is protesting against Sunday theatres. The Deniliquin P. and A. Show was a great success. Shearers intend next year to hold out to a man for £1 per 100 sheep. Further earthquake shocks are reported from South Australia. Work has been resumed by.the Lamb ton coal-miners. The Mercantile Bank declares a divi dend of 9 per cent. A schooner resembling May Newton has passed Trial Bay. Mr. Quong Tart entertained the Federal Assembly on Wednesday. Government allotments in Townsville realised £10,000. Sir Thomas and Lady Brassy are expec ted to visit Australia. Very entertaining meeting of 1.O.G.Ts. on Wednesday night. The Dacca reports eight deaths from heat. apoplexy in the Red Sea. Victoria has spent £24,856,763 on the construction of railways. :Te Whiti, the Maori chief, has been arrested for inciting to riot. Tin has been discovered at the Anne River, 25 miles from Cairns. " Cooma brass band is making rapid pro gress. Queanbeyan in the rear. rho Squatters' meeting re improvement, held in Sydney was a great success. An inquiry is being held into the man agement of the Goulburn Post-office. The steamer Australia is delayed at Port Said. Machinery out of order. Peter Manifold, a well-known Victorian grazier, has panned out for £154,000. The new president of the British Wes leyan Conference is the Rev. R. N. Young. A miner named Harry Bond has been killed at Charters Towers by an explosion of dynamite. Groeat preparations are being made at Albury to entertain the Governor on his approaching visit. In Queensland, 1,165,000 gallons of boor were made during the six months ending March 31. Several Maories are being legally pro secuted in New Zealand for camping on private land. An ex-communist convict has been sent to Sandhurst jail for wandering about the streets. The steamer Glaucus has been seized by the Queensland Government for dock' charges. Some of the saw-mills have temporarily stopped work owing to the low state of the Murray at Echuoa, (V.) M. Henri Gerardin, one of the con tractors for the Panama Canal, has died of yellow fever. The Payment of Members Bill has been carried in the Queensland Assembly by 28 votes to 12. James Walker was committed for trial at the Central Police Court Sydney, on Tuesday, on a charge of bigamy. The Adelong Miner and Gundagai Herald has given up the ghost. Its days were numbered on July 20. " Seven hundred'and seventy sixthousand pounds was owing to the South Austra lian Government up to June 30 last year for Crown Lands. The Victorian Budget shows a balance of £320,197 to be brought forwardto the next financial yea.. Several gentlemen interested in the sugar industry have left Mackay (Q)., for Western Australia to look for sugar land. t Private Allen, of Victoria, won a £5 prize in the Nursery Aggregate match. Sergeant Barron, of Queensland, won £3. The American barque Chasca, 171 days from New York bound for Wellington, turned up at Sydney on Wednesday in i distress. . A woman named Silk was knocked down by a passing train near Kogarah (Sydney) station on Tuesday night and sustained severe injury. Allen M'Farlane senior, has scored 97 out of possible 100 at the Adelaide t Rifle Association. Allan M'Farlane, junior, put up 45 out fo a possible 50. The young Emperor of China will soon t beo a much married man. He has already selected three brides from 32 fair cands dates submitted for his inspection. The returns of the muster- roll of the Queensland defence force on 26th June showa total of 2956 officer and men, in eluding all arms of service. Another death has occurred in the Mel bourne Hospital. A cabman, Henry Richards, who was admitted with abroken leg having cumitracted the disease died on 1 Tuesday. I In the M?elbourno Supreme Court on Tuesday, thie action brought byDr. Lucas to recover £5000 damages from the South Molbournio City Couucil through injuries received tlhrough being tlirowni from his buggy owing to the defective state of the nniwas ,,ncluded. The iuryt returned a verdict for the plaintiff, assessing the damages at £250. Mrs. Sarah Carter, of Yass River was committed on Tuesday to the Assizes for stealing three sheep from Henry Dodds, Yass River. On Tuesday, at Glen Innes, A. A. Nor ris was sentenced to five years' penal ser vitude for embezzling £1000 of the muni cipal funds. Great carolessnes was shown on the part of the council.. The Rev. J. B. Gribble has been ap. pointed special lecturer on the native question' by the Aboriginies' Protecion Sooety. The young man who committed suicide in Ynrra Park, Melbourne, on Sunday night has been identified nas Herbert Angutus Symons, a clerk in the employ of William Marshall, printer. He had just recovered from brain fever. It is rumoured at Cooktown that the Crown will take procoeeedings in the case of the alleged kidnapping of the two women from Tasman Island preferred by Mr. Douglas, engineer of the Golden Gate, against Mr. Farrell. To Koti, a Maori chief, well-known in connection with the Poverty Bay N.Z.. massacre, has predicted another eruption in September, and a mooting of 600 Maoris is being hold fur religious pur pooses. A large number of natives from Make tu, N.Z., arrived at Rotorua on the 7th inst., for the purpose of condoling, and assisting their countrymen, who had- suf fered from the late eruptions. Presenta tions of potatoes, and £30 in cash were made. 