The Jft»a and the Key,] CHAPTER IIS.— STe. Daekdale's Guest. * This will never do/ Boid Mr. Darkdale, sharply, stridinj? up to the carriage window, from which cries of * murder* -were still proceeding. ♦ What's going on here f ' Two assassins trying to murder me, here in this car riage, fiir. For God's sake, bit, see me safe out of this. ' They bare pinioned me.' j Mv. Darkdale put his hand through the broken -window ! and let it down a little, and then withdrawing it, let the window down altogether, and popped his head in, holding : the lamp, which he still carried, close to the window, so j as to light up the interior with a rather fierce and sadden i glare. I ' Who are yon, sir ?' he asked of the young man, who, with' a torn shirt front, disordered hair and necktie, and a -very pale face, across which a smear of blood showed rather- ghastlily, was staring with wild eyes. j There were two powerful looking men, sitting one at.j each side, hot and blown after the struggle. With these - Mr.. Darkdale exchanged a significant glance, and said : j ' You'll give me your names, you two. You know Mr. j Darkdale— you know me, Daniel Darkdale ?' ' | The two men exchanged a sheepish look, as if they | would have winked at one another, and gave their names. | ' lin the constable of this county, sir,' said Mr. Darkdale, ! in a loud voice. ? I'm pretty well known. I'll set all this right. If they have injured you they shall be made ex amples of. They have secured tout hands somehow ?' ' Yea. Ian a cavalry officer. My name is Vivian — that is, it will do as well as another. My enemies want to call me Vivian Hardwires, but I won't have it,' cried the gentle man, in Mgh excitement, gabbling at that gallop which recognises no stop longer than a comma, and hardly that. ' I had been down in that part of the country behind us a good way, you know, and I wanted to gee back to my quarters, and this man had a carriage, :md I could not get stixother' — the injured man was talking at such a pace that the foam appeared at the corners of his lips—' and he undertook to give me a lift to Chatham ; and this other fellow, d ? them, they are both murderers, I say, get my arms out.' And he began to tug again. ' Wait a moment. I have a reason. You'll say I'm right in a moment,' Mr. Darkdale, leaning in, sternly whispened in his ear. He opened the door. * 1 say, you come out, till 1 hear this gentleman's com plaint,' he said to the man next the door. I He obeyed, and walked a little to the rear of the chaise, and the officer sat close to the window next Mi'. Darkdale. ?Don't you be listening,* said Darkdale to the other. ?Now, sir, we shan't be overheard; tell me the rest, pray.' * He asked for leave to take in that fellow, who said lie wanted to go on to Chatham, and they wished to play I ?* blind hookey ' with me, and I like the game and said i yes, and they had cards, and I told them how I was used, ' very badly, I'll tell you by-and-bye, and they seemed very j agreeable, and T had been kept awake all night, last night, by half a dozen scoundrels drilling in the room next mine, with a couple of sergeants and a drum, you can't conceive such an infernal noise, like so many ghosts out of hell, I knew very well why it was done ; there's a fellow, Major Spooner, he has been doing everything imagination can de- j vise, by Heaven, to make the army too hot for me, but I think I have a way of hitting him rather hard, ha! ha! and when I was asleep, as sound as if I had made three forced marches without a. halt, those two robbers, agents they are of the same villain— gambling, rascally murderers, tied my arms behind my back, and only for you, sir, I should have been robbed and murdered by this time.' ? I should not wonder, sir,' said Darkdale. ? I should not wonder, But I have them pretty fast now. I have their names, and I know their faces. I have seen them long ago, and I'll have them up for it. Don't you be listening ; allow me, sir, to whisper a word in your ear. You'll be at the next posting-house very good — an hour or less. Those follows are firjhtened now, and they will try to make it up with you. Don't you be such a muff. They would be very glad, now, to loose your hands ; don't you sllow it. I'll get up behind as soon as they are in, without their knowing it, and I'll have them arrested the moment we arrive, and I*il have witnesses to see how they have tied your hands, and I'll compel them to -disclose their connection with that black guard Major Spooner, and I'll Lay you twenty pounds they'll split. Do you like my plan?' ? Uncommonly,' whiskered the young man close to his ear. - ? Well, -when he gets in. do you pretend to be asleep, and if they try to undo the pinion, don't you let them — hush ! Hind what I say. We'll pay the whole lot off.* ?Will you?' gasped the pinioned traveller. 'By Heavens, then, I'll do it, I 6ay I will; anything to bring it home to Spooner, he's so cunning ; the villain, he's as naxd to catch as a ghost/ sever mind, I'll have him yet, the scoundrel, I wish this thing wasn't quite so tight, though, by Jove, it does hurt me, .never mind, it is worth some trouble ; we'll catch them, it's a serious thing, this outrage, and if yon can sbow they aim at my life, it will be ;i bad business for Spooner, ha 1 ha. ! and if I can't hang him . whenever I get a fair chance Til shoot him, by Heaven! I'll shoot li™ — Til shoot him — I'll shoot him dead, if it was in church ! * ? Hush, don't mind. Here comes the fellow. We under Etand one another, you and I, eh? * 'All right.' And the voluble gentleman, with bis arms tied behind him, and extremely uncomfortable, would have run on a;ram with a similar declaration, if Hr.Darkdalehad not said with a peremptory gesture of caution : 'They'll heir us; notanother word.' He drew back, and walked toward the man whom he had just ejected from the carriage, and he said very low and with out tnrning his head, a few words to his ear, ending with : 'Twill be all right now; get on at the best lick you can. Tou must be there in forty-five minutes sharp.' The man gave his orders to the postillions, and got into the carriage, and away they whirled at a great pace, flash ing a fiery streak from their lamps along each~brown trunk as they flew by on the close forest road. Mr. Darkdale stood, lamp in hand, for a minute, watch ing the retreating equipage ; and then turned and ap proached- his own carriage, which he had left standing about a hundred paces in ths rear. CHAPTER LX.— Abbived. ?Well, what is it, Mr. Darkdale?* inquired Maud, eagerly, as soon as he had reached the side of the car riage. ' Two bailiffs, miss, in charge of an officer, arrested for debt, end something worse ; they have had a bit of a row in the coach; he's a troublesome fellow. I knew some thing about - him ; he has been up before, and I *-''-?? there's a criminal warrant this time.' ? Was he hurt ? * * A scratch, I fancy. It isn't easy, si ways, keeping those dangerous cases from hurting themselves. He's very strong* and always slipping away if he can. But they have him fast enough this time; and the road's clear of them sow. Maud leaned back in the carriage, the unpleasant excite ment of their recent adventure still tingling in her nerves. Could it be that Captain 'Vivian had got into a scrape, and was really in the hands of bailiffs f A sad hearing for poor Ethel Tin tern; rather a shock even to other people. 'Do you know anything of that officer those people were taking away in the carriage ?' inquired the young lady, suddenly, of her attendant, so soon as they were again in motion. ' I may, miss, or I mayn't, I could not say for certain, unless I was to see him,' answered the servant. ' Have yon ever seen an officer named Vivian, who is tall; and lus light hair; a young man rather good-looking ?' persisted Maud. 'Well, I— I think I did,' she replied, watching Maud's face. 'I iave seen some one like that. Veevian? Tea. He used to call hisself Teeviaa.* 'The person who. passed us by, who said they were murdering- him— how 'horrible his voice was! — said his name was Vivian. Tou beard him, of course r\ ' Well, I made 'shift to hear ; but there was a noise, you know,' answered Mercy Creswell evasively. *0h, you must have heard him call out .that his name was Vivian; you are sot at all deaf,' said the young lady, irritated. * I did hear something like it, for certain.* she replied. Miss Jtfercy would have been very glad to know, while under these examinations, what the extent of Miss Ver non's information actually was, for however willing she might be to tell stories, she was especially adverse to being found out at this particular juncture. The sense of this in convenience a good deal embarrassed her accustomed liberty of speech. ? AU this time Maud was possessed by the suspicion that, for some reason or other, Mercy Creswell was deliberately deceiving her, and that she knew just as much as Darkdale did about this Mr. Vivian. More than ever she disliked being assigned this particular attendant, and more and more puzzled she became in her search for her mother's motive. They were now driving through a. pretty wooded coun try. On the left was a ereat park wall, grey and moBB atreaked, mantled here and there with ivy, and overlapped by grand old trees. On the rfcht were hedgerows, sod many a sloping field ; and, a little in advance, the chimneys asdgaUea«ff a; Tillage, and the Bpleadid spire of a rural church, whitein the moonlight. * We're near home, now, miss,' said Mercy. ?Oh,* said Maud, looking out more curiously. 'What wall w that f ' The pack wall, mue.' 'It would sot be easy to climb that i higher, I think, than Boydoa walL' ' * It is very high, miss.* At this moment the postillions wheeled their horses tt the left, and polled them up, calling lustily, ? Gate J sate!' 'So w» have arrived,' said Maud, letting down the win dow, and looking ont with the curiosity of long deferred expectation. The leaders' heads seemed almost teaching- tho bars of a, great iron gate, over which burned a solitary lamp, acting lighthouse fashion, rather as a warning than as as effectual lirht. , ? . -...?-. Thar ware voder the shadow of gigantic elms that threw their branches from side to side; the carriage limps dimly lighted a, few cluster* of their dark foliare, and the lifrht orer tb* gate showed Jo* a tew feet round sad above it the tmf tttOTJtless jggfsff. - . . - * 'Wosnan'tbelonjreacliingrtbehouseF' she inquired of Mr. Osrka»ls, who vu walking by the window toward the gtte, for sie remembered f approaches ' three jniles lone after fm mnhut the fate, deeeUinf y«u with ? *f oond ovantf W«« too. nHb a* luul-doos, * Not five minutes; miBS,' s&id; the man, hardly turning bis head as he passed. Was he growing- a little gruffer, she thought, as they approached their destination? Darkdale was talking earnestly in a low tone with the man who had come to the gate at their summons; and then, lie called : ' Be alive, now — open the gate.' In a minute more they were driving up the ap proach at a rapid pace under rows of trees. Suddenly the shadowy road they followed turned to the right, and took a direction parallel to the high road; about a hundred yards on they drove up to the front of the house, along which this road, expanding before it into a courtyard passes. And now they pull up before the steps of the hall door. And the horses stand drooping their beads, and snorting, and sending up each a thin -white vapor, through which the metal buckles of their harness glimmer faintly in the moonlight. (TO BE COXTINCED.) 