FULFILLED PROPHECY TESTI FIES TO THE TRUTH OF CHRISTIANITY. Another argument, not important m the consideration of the subject we have been treating of, is the fulfilment of pro phetic predictions. If the predictions strewn along the .Old and New Testa ments have been generally fulfilled, it will require considerable hardihood to affirm that their completion was the work of chance, and not, as the Christian be lieves, the work of an all-ruling Provi dence. The prophecies in the Bible relate to individuals, to cities, to nations, to em pires, and to the glory of the latter days. A notable instance of the fulfilment of prophecy in relation to the individual is that of Canaan, or Ham. " Cursed," said Noah, " be Canaan : a servant of servants shall he be to his brethren. And he said, Blessed be the Lord God of Shem, and Canaan shall be his servant." God shall enlarge Japhet, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem, and Cauaan shall be bis servant." (Genesis ix. 25, 26, 27). Worthington says, in illustra tion of the fulfilment of this prophecy, that " the posterity of Canaan first settled in the land that bare his name ; whence the remainder of those that had not been destroyed by the Israelites fled to their kinsmen on the coasts of Africa, and in habited thore. It appears that Han and the greatest part of his descendants were settled on the continent of Africa." The Jews are the descendants of Shem ; the nations of Europe are the descendants of Japhet. This prophecy has therefore been fulfilled in a very special manner. Notwithstanding the descendants of Canaan had for a long period the asce id- ancv over the descendants of Shem and Japhet ; and notwithstanding the descendants of Shem were held in bondage by them in Egypt; yet eight hundred years after this curse was pronounced, the Israelities conquered and subdued the Canaanites, and thus Canaan became the servant of them, be came " a servant of servants "—a servant to those who had been servants to them and they have been successively conquered and held in subjection by the Persians, Grecians, Romans, Vandals, Saracens, and Turks ; thus they have been the servants of the descendants of Japhet. Canaan has been the servant of Japhet in a very re markable manner. In the impressed ser vitude of the slaves, England, France, Spain, Portugal, and America have partic- pated. The horrors which the slaves have endured, the unrequited labour which has been forced from them, and the immense numbero still enduring the yoke, attest the fulfilment of this prophecy. The prophecy in relation to Abraham is also remarkable. When , he was child less, and when it was probable that he would always remain so, the Divine Being said to him, " Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars if thou art able to num ber them ; and he said, So shall thy seed be." (Genesis xv. 5). "I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee. I will give unto thee and to thy seed after thee, the land werein thon art a stranger, all the land os Canaan." (Genesis xvii. 6, 8). It was also declar ed that his seed shonld be " a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and they shall serve them, and they shall afflict them four hundred years, and also that nation whom they serve will I judge, but in the fourth generation they shall come hither again." (Genesis, xv. 12, 14, 16). He was also promised that in his " seed all the nations of the earth should be blesB- ed. " (Genesis xxii. 19). And now, what is the fact ? History attests the fact that the posterity of Abraham became innumerable ; that kings and nations have had their origin from him ; that his pos terity, the children of Israel, were held in bondage by the Egyptians for four hun dred years ; that in their deliverance the Egyptians were most signally punished ; that soon after their deliverance they took possession of the promised land ; and that through them, as the seed of Abraham, Chrisi came, in whom all " the nations of the earth were to be blessed." These historical facts are as well attested a8 that Cromwell or Napoleon lived : the one ex ercising power in England, and the other in France. It was said of Ishmael, " And he will be a wild man ; his hand will be against every man, and every man's hand against him, and he shall dwell in the presence of his brethren," (Genesis xvi. 12). "I will make him fruitful and will mul tiply him exceedingly, and I will make him a great nation." (Genesis xvii. 20). This propeecv has had its fulfilment for upwards of three thousand six hundred years ; first in Ishinae1, and then in his Arabian descendants. The marks by which Ishmael and his poster ity were to be known, and which neither time nor place has been able to change, are most pointedly and graphically des cribed. The Arabians have always been distinguished for their wandering and hostile habits, their marauding excursions,, their aggressive spirit, and their love of freedom. Many attempts were made by the Egyptians, Persians, Macedonians, and SaracenB, to conquer them, but with out success. Five times the conquering legions of the llomaus were led against them, and five times they were obliged to retreat without accomplishing their pur pose. And such was their greatness at one period, that they owned a wider range of territory than ever was possessed by the boasted conquerors of the world. It included almost the whole of the tem perate zone, stretching from the confines of India to the shores of the Atlantic. Gibbon, in his " History of the Roman Empire," acknowledges that " the arms of Sesostris and Cyrus, of Pompey and Trajan, could never achieve the conquest of Arabia," and he further declared, that the descendants of Ishmael are " armed against mankind." To this day they retain their primitive habits. They are still " wild men," and are always spoken of as " wild Arabs." They are still de scribed as living by robbery and plunder, and being "against every man." Tra vellers in that country find it needful to adopt every precaution against surprise and robbery ; and it is a remarkable fact that to this day they dwell in clans 'n the " presence of their brethren." In relation to the prophecy foretelling Hie appearance of John the Baptist— fohr hundred years before bis birth, blalachi foretold hiB appearance : " Behold, I will send my messenger, and be shall prepare the way before me : and tbe Lord, whom ye seek, Bhall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy tray before thee." (Luke vii. 27). The fulfilment of this prophecy is so apparent that comment iB needless. John appear ed only six months prior to the appear ance of Christ. The burden of his pre ach ing wsb, "I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord, and make his paths straight." " I, indeed, baptize you with water unto re pentance : but be that cometh after me is mightier than I. "Whose shoes I am not worthy to hear : he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire." (2b be continued .) 