<. - ' Literary Matters. SANDS'S SYDNEY DIRECTORY. Tho now volume of this useful publication shows, by its increased bulk, the extraordinary growth of the city and environs of Sydney ; but much of the increased numbor of pages is unquestionably duo to moro careful oanvass and revision, which have made Sands's Sydney Dirootory for 1886 a moro correct work than any of its predecessors. It contains, at leaBt, 40,000 more names than the volume for 1885, besides a largo numbor of streets not mentioned in pre vious editions. In addition to tho largo map of Sydney, there aro six colored planB of Ashfield, Balmain, Leichhardt, Marrickville, Potorsham, and St. Peters, beautifully executed, and showing tho various wards in each. Comparod with tho earlier directories, the now volume indicates not only tho remarkable in oreaae of population in Sydney during the last few years, but also the augmontod numbor of trades and professions of every doaoription. The work contains, as usual, the names of city and suburban streets, names of roBidents arranged alphabetically, trades and professions, parliamentary, municipal, ofBoial, I civil, legal, modioal, and other lists ; also a mass of railway and postal information, Another history of the American War of the Rebellion is promised, and this time a diplomatic one. It is being written by Mr. Kasson, an ex-Cabinet Minister of tho United States. Mark Twain has had an idea whioh is not funny. He speculated largely in the produotion of General Grant's biography. After paying a handsome royalty to the family, Mark will pocket over ¿650,000. The State Library at Monaco is being catalogued. Among its contents have been found about 20,000 letters from persons who have filled most important positions in French politioal or literary history, such as Catherine do Modiois, Richoliou, Mazarin, Louvois, Colbert, and Montaigne. Mr. Justin M'Carthy is busily engaged on the gooond volumo of his " History of tho Four Goorgos." It is anticipated that tho whole of tho manuscript will bo in tho printer's hands in time to permit of this instalmont of his work hoing issued oithor in December, or at tho latest oarly in 188G. Professor Max Muller is editing " A History of Gorman Litoraturo," whioh will lay boforo English readors in a collected form, the wholo field of German litoraturo, with somo aooount of Gorman " mon of lotters. " Tho work is to bo in two volumes, and will bo issued by tho Oxford University Pross. Mr. T. P. O'Connor, M.P., is engaged on a history of tho National raovomont in Iroland. Ho is to traoo ' it from its first beginnings in 1878 up to tho abandon ment of tho Crimo Act. It is understood that Mr. Parnell has placed at Mr. O'Connor's disposal much valuable matorial for tho purpose of oluoidating his aubjoot. Sir Arthur Sullivan conduotod "The Mikado" for tho first time in Now; York. A telegram received in London says that, hoing called upon for a Bpeeoh, Sir Arthur said ho hoped America would Boon afford the same promotion to a man who employs his brains in literature and art that it does to a person who invents a new beer-tap. Dootor Loewe, who will edit the "Memoirs of Sir. -, Moses Montefiore," for the publication of whioh . I ample provision has boen made by tho baronet's will, j has been in tho service of tho great Hebrew as secre tary for over 50 years, and always accompanied him upon his travels. Dr. Loewe was at one time libra rian to the Duke of Sussex. Undor tho title "Tho Mysteries of the Vatican," a historical novel, having for author a lady of high position, and containing piquant and interesting dis closures of tho Eoman State and Church lifo during tho past two or throe decades, is causing a great sen sation throughout Italy. It is already being trans lated into various languages. In 18G0, only 5253 newspapers wore published in tho United States, or one for every 6000 inhabitants. Now, 13,494 newspapers are published, or one for every 3716 inhabitants ; certainly a remarkable growth in 25 years. In 1885 about 2400 frosh news papers have boen started in the United States, of which, it is said, 1555 have already yielded up the ghost. In view of the present excitement in the Balkan Peninsula, it is well to remind our readers that the I only authentic and trustworthy account of Russian views as to tho Balkan Peninsula is to be found in I Madame Novikoff's two books, both of whioh are ' published by Messrs. Longmans, Green, and-Co., ¡"Russia and England," and " Skobeleff and the Slavonio Cause." The use of the Latin language in literature is so rare nowadays that on this aocount alone the work of Louise Anzoletti, a highly educated lady of Trient, deserves to be mentioned. In honor of the 1500th anniversary of the martydom of St. Vigil, the patron saint, of Trient, this poetesB has written 561 Latin hexameters, togethor with a metrical Italian trans lation of the same. § The new Goethe Sooioty of "Weimar intends to pub' * lish the -whole of the Goethe archives which have been left by Walter von Goethe, the last descendant . of the poet. These vast stores of materials will fur nish an authentic edition of Goethe's work, includ ing perparatory studies and fragments, and an extensive biography. A museum will also be arranged comprising tho poofs manuscripts and fine art col lections. The production of the memoir of Lord Shaftesbury, written by Mr. W. Morris Colles, waB a triumph of rapid printing. Lord Shaftesbury died at Folkestone at 1.45 p.m. on Thursday, October 1 j Messrs. Spot tiswoode and Co. received the last instalment of MS. and began to " set up " tho pamphlet (150 pages) the same evening. By 5 p.m. on Friday it was on sale in London, and on its way to different parts of the kingdom. It Boems not to be generally known that Mr. Thomas Stevens, who is now on his way round tho world, or as much of it as he oan travel on a bioyole, ¡ and whose safe arrival at Tabreez was recently tele graphed, is actuated by literary motives, as well as other more personal ones. He is gathering mate rials and making sketches for a series of articles on his- experiences and adventures for the American magazine, OUTING. The sixpenny telegram has come into operation, and promises to be a success. Everybody is now. discerning that brevity is not only the soul of wit, but it is a virtue worthy of study. The Government by this step have done something to educate those . who are fond of writing to the papers, to boil down their communications, and not to say in half a column what could be said in h. dozen hues. Writing tele grams proves excellent practice. . English admirers of Louise Michel will be glad to ." hoar that among her numerous literary undertakings she is at present busily ongaged with her "Me moirs." Tho first volume is to appear this month, and is likely to bo the event of tho year in the monde littéraire. The book is said by those people who have been so fortunate as to have had access to the MS. to be full of most interesting details about her experiences as Red Republican and lecturer. Professor Thorold Rogers, M.P., has made avery important discovery while pursuing his investiga tions at Cambridge for additional volumes of his work on the "History of Prices." This is a set of accounts kept at King's CoUege during 120 years, with the exception of one year, beginning with the year 1583., There is, says the ATHENÍEUM, informa tion accessible with regard to the missing year, so that the series of accounts is practically complete for the entire period. In addition to the faots fur nished as to prices, these accounts contain many curious details illustrative of sooial life in olden Idáys. ?Mis Cleveland's refusal to allow her portrait to accompany her essays recalls to mind an incident whioh befell a well-known leoturer and poet when, in /the early part of his career, he had published a thin duodeoimo of poems. "Atall, lank woman, evidently olose upon a half-oentury of years, entered thé ' Old Corner ' bookstore and asked to see the volume. Finding that there was no piotnre in it, she laid it down with the remark that tho poetry wasn't of so much aocount, for the poet ' had lectured up herway;' but if there had been a portrait, she and two other girls wanted a copy apieoe." The secret of the issue of the second instalment of the " Greville Journals" was well kept. Not till the morning for subscribing tho book had the outside world the least inkling of what was coming. Five thousand copies of the book, we understand, were struck off. All tho copies of the first issue of the book have been transferred, we aro told, from the publishers to the middlemen (tho wholesale buyers), the booksellers, and the oiroulating libraries. Mudio's Select Library put their name down for a thousand copies ; W. H. Smith and Sons for two thirds of that numbor ; while Simpkin's, Hamilton's, and Kont's (tho wholesale houses) purohases added np to another 1500 copies ; the retailers, following in their wake, and buying on the jiidgment of their superiors, put their names down in instances for 100, 50,25, or 13 copies, according to their status. Tho following lotter has been Bent by Mr. Matthew Arnold to tho Provost of Oriel in reply to the requisi tion signod by a large numbor of resident members of tho University, in which tho hopo was expressed that he would allow himself to bo nominated for the pro fessorship of poetry :-" My doar Provost,-I think myself bound by a wish formerly oxpreasod for Mr. Palgrave'B success on the next vacancy for the Poetry Chair, not to intorforo with his candidature. How can I sufficiently express my gratitude to those who havo wished again to connect me with Oxford, to which I owo so much, and to whioh I am so unal terably attaohod ? I console mysolf by remembering that norhaps I am spared tho pain of disappointing tho kind hopes of my friends thoro. To reassume an ofTico at 62 is not the same thing as to assume it at 32 ; I and not even the pleasure of boing called to tho Chair of Poetry could make up for tho distress of not filing it i tr» t.Vio nnmnlfitfl sn.tinfn.nt.inn nf those who' nlacfid me a seoond time there. -Believe me, my dear Provost, truly and gratefully yours, MATTHEW ARNOLD." . .... The Marohionerfl of Lorr.o will probably revisit Canada in 1886, * , . ,' 