ILRS CLIF ON. CIHAPTER XIII. (Contined.) Robert of course begged her pardon, as he clasped the small white hand in his; and then she gently rallied hint upon supposing he had seen a ghost. ' The fact is,' said Riobert, again drawing his hand across his forehead, ' l had but just come in from the darkness, and this blaze of light is quite bewildering.' ' Pray sit down,' said Grace. 'I am sorry my father is from home; but I don't think he will be late; and in the meantime, perhaps, you will drink your coffee with me. ' We are very, old-fashioned people, Mr. Clifton. ' May I trouble me--tile bll is at your elbow.' Robert rang the bell so violently that he startled himself, and all the liouseheld. Grace almost sprnog from her seat. She thought him very unlikle his brother Phillip, who could be so gentle-so rery gen tIe, when he liked ; and hei always did like wshen he had anything to do for her. ' This is a lad heginning,' thought Robert. ' But beginning and end seemed all alike to him. HIe was lost in a maze of bewilderment, and of wretchedness unspeakable. 'I have undertaken what I shall never get through,' she once to himself ; but it was only once. It would never do to harbour such a thought as that again. iHe must go straight ouward with his duty. It admitted of no question-no turning aside. Robert Clifton had certainly not been pro- I pared for this particular kind of beauty andl : attraction which he found in the sweet face and lovely form before him. It was not like his sister Helou, that every feature was perfect, and every line symlmots.* ical ; but there was an exquisite delicacy in the beauty of Grace Linden, and an intensity of feeling in the expression of her counte bance, which made him almost tremble he fore her, as lie sat with the sad tidings still silent on his lips. It was the habit of Graeo to dress in soft ' flowing drapery, most frequently in white, -whieh was always relieved by some strong rich i:olonr, either in ribbon, shawl, or scarf. i She -vas so gentle in hier movement, so often lansnid and recliinin, that her atti tudes, and the glowing tints of drapery which she drew around her, would at any time have made a sts.dy for a painter, even had her beauty been less remarkable than it ryas. Her head, in its fine outline. and the con tour of her face, were in pe:rfect keeping with the rest of her appear:rnce-gentle, lut digsailied. such as would indicato not only asoble feeling, but noble birth. With all, however, there was a tendency to playfulness and gaiety, lwhich made ler amusing and delightful, somewhat after the manner of a clild. She was not weily, still less sarcastic; hut she had a quick sense of humour, anid cd joyed swhat was grotesque or droll in others. All this langihed out at her bright hazel Oyes, and seemed to dance and glisten in her shining auburn hair. which fell about her neck and temples In silken, waving, anatural curls. Indeed, her hair eonstituted no small por tion of her beauty, it was so rich in its col our, so soft and graceful in its ilowing waves. But the impression which Grace Linden's visitor received from her general appearance, though much more favourable than he had I anticipated, and such as to make him regard her with a fixed attention in which the ad miration might have been embarrassing had he not been Philip's brother; even this, and rho deep feelings it awakened, were as noth sing in comparison with the pity-the intense pity, wrhiel the contemplation of this gay, happy.creature wrung from his heart. Graeo looked to him like a rare and deli cate flower, blooming within the atmosphere of some carefully-toendd hothouse, where no .cold blast had ever been allowed to blow- heo sun had over been petreitted to caoreh, nor rua .. -,uL, ,o . a-nsfuhorised to tread within the precincts .of to ga cred place. .- Such, .i reality, had been Grace Linden's infancy and youth. Nor had this excessive care and tenderness prodned in her case that tendeney to scel lishnlm and caprice which is its usual con siquencc. Kindlly-moat kindly, she could think and speak of others; and if. sometimes, her habits might appear to a stranger a little indulgent and requiring, no one ?toughti the.m so who enjoyed the privilege of waitiag upon her. iJecause of her sweet gratitude and playful gentleness, which found expression in so many pleasant words, andt acts of tenderness, all delicate and winning as those of a loving and beloved child. Grace was so happy, too. Robert saw this at one glance. Oh; how unlike some constitutionally del icate young creatures 1 Never repining, never weary of her time. the very atmos phere around her seemed to have a kind- of sunshine of its own, in which all her friends, and oven her attendants, seemed to bask in unconscious enjoyment, as one basics in the sweet sunlight of spring, or in the calm of summer's dewy eve. There was no particular elevernces in Grace Linden's conversation--no great depth in her intellectual powers. She had no art to win, no invariable mood to start!e, no passion or mystery to awaken interest. But there was that about her which made the heart yearn fondly, while the involun tary xcclamation would have burst from the lips of any one who had to give her pain, ' INo, no I would rather suffer agony my self, than inflict upon her even a momentary -ng.' / No one could have felt this more acutely than Robert Clifton. , lint he had no shoice left hitu . The pain which he had come to inflict could not liave been borno by himself, or how would he have gathered into his bosonm, and nursed and kept it there. No, he had a stern duty laid upon him,- and it must be done. The storm which is to purify the air, when, directed by a kind Providence, it sweeps over the earth, spares not the tender blossom nor the gently drooping flower. The deep snow-fall of winter, which comes to do the silent bidding of Him who alone knows what is best for the world he has created, spares not the garden bower, nor leaves unclothed with its chill drapery the classic marble or the fairy shell. The great work must be done, and the moral world imust, like the physical, obey. cIItrxER Xix. It was very natural that tihe contempla tion of the painful duty which lay before bhim should not only cast a shadow over the countenance of Robert Clifton, but should affect his voice, his manner, his very mnove ments, with a kind of constraint., Quick in all her womuanly instincts, Grace Linden saw this, and seemed determined, by kind and gentle ways, to set her visitor more at ease, to make him more at home in her father's house, and, in short, more impressed with the fact that she was his sister in heart and feeling, though but a stranger in the literal acceptation of that word. Robert felt all this, keenly, The gentlest loot of kindnoss, the most delicate expression of good will, all thrilled to the very centre of his soul- .- os for which ihe ha1 come. lie only waited to begin until the servants should have left the room. In the moean tieno hlie sippd his coffee, and spoke in a vague and most uninteresting manner on the commonplace topics of the day. Grace thought her lover's brother was a very hard, cold man--or rathller she would have thought so, only that now and then he had turned to her with that most genial and captivating emile of his: and once, on look ing suddenly up, she hild fopnd his deep dark eyes fixed full upon her face, wit!l such a look of tenderadss and sorrow, that she could almost have burst into teams, she know not why. lhis loolk, and that peculiar smile, seemed to hold her entranced its if by a kind of fas ciuation. She saw her visitor again the cold, ptern man, which it seemed to her must be his accustomed character; but then, why had he looked at her with that strange oexprsse sion? The stern look was like a wall built up betwixt them. She longed to break it down. She longed to make a friend of Plhilip's brothcr She longed to ask for tidings of her lover. Indeed, she had not heard from him very recently; there had been a longer interval than usual without a letter ; but it had never entered into her clear contented mind to apprehend that there could he "ny cause for this beyond some trifling nanident,-or pos sibly she thought on iucrerscd apfication to study. Sie had no suspicions-no fears. Life looked to her like a safe and pleasant journey, which she was about to take with one loved companion. There might be weariness sometimes by the way-there might be storms above, and roughness underneath her feet, but she her self would be both sheltered and supported- of this she never enterta'-aed a doubt, She had only to lean upon the strong arm, and all would be safe with her-safe, and so happy. liobert Cliffton marked this expression in the gentle face. ' So happy,' lie said mentally, and I must drive that happiness away.' fie watchedt the servant removing the last traces of their somewhat unsocial meal. 1,o knew that his hour was come; there could now be no delay, (To be continted.) 