. CUNF! HMAT10 v. On Thursday rnori'inir an ni\\- rvice took pl'tc.o at' i'bii-t ! 'hovrh. . b ! ?- nty \--n'v young-pevfot-H vcceit: ly j..-: 1- ii ( he Iiioumbnnt (tho Rev. J. Ancl.n.l.i.'.k-Ro.ss) were confiim-d by the Riiiht. R'v. the Lord Bishop of Goulburn. The earidi dates, male and female, met in tho schoolroom at- half- past, ten o'clock, whence to the church they marched in processional order two deep, girls first, men and boys following. -After being placed in the front pews of the Church, tlie lucuinbont returned to tbe vestry to escort, with Mr. E. P. Barnes, his lordship the Bishop to the Chancel. Service then bnyari by singing .the hymn 'Yeni, Creator Spiritus' — ' Gome, Holy Ghost, our Souls inspire,' to a beautiful chant— ' Troy te' (' Hynms Ancient, and Modern'), after which the Litany was said by minister and people, everyone seeming to feel most deeply the beautiful solemn service. After the Litany was sung, the hymn 'Jesus calls U3 o'er the tumult of our lives' wild restless sea.' The Rev. J. Auchinleck-Ross then changed places with the Bishop, his Lordship entering the reading desk, and tbe former going into the ehaucel, from which he began the order of service for confirmation by reading the preface, the Bishop taking up the service and addressing the candidates as to the require ments of those who de.-ired to become full members of the Church of England, i.e. Communicants. He said that they must take upon themselves tbe vows made for them at Holy Baptism — that they must bear their own burden in God's, sight and thank him for sending His Son to be the Saviour of the world. The Bishop then entered the chancel, and tbe Incumbent and brought up the candi dates. As each knelt before the Bishop he laid his hands upou each head and said ' Defend, 0 Lord, this Thy child with Thy heavenly grace, that he may continue Thine for ever and daily increase in Thy Holy Spirit more and more, until he come to Thy everlasting Kingdom to which the Minister and people, all kneeliug.-responded ' Amen.' The rite having been administered, tbe Bishop again entered the desk, and addressed the young people. A few word swere then addressed to the older people. They mere exhorted to help the weak .and the poor — to encourage them. Then a word was said -abeut-supporti rvg-4heH*-clerg5HntH5-wi^h-thei !?- sympathy and money. People were to be church people in deed and not in name only. An offertory having been made for the Church Society (which amounted to the sum of £2/5/). a hymn was sunjr most heartilv ; and the Bishop, haviug repeated the other prayers of the confirmation service, crave the blessing, thus bringing to a close one of the most interesting and reverent services ever held in Christ Cnurch. One thing that evidently pleased tho Bishop was the pronouueedly emphatic way in which the clergyman read parts of the Litany suitable to the coudition of the candidates,. Jor. during, his address he spoke feeliugly of this; and we are informed that he was highly pleased with the reverence ol the people and candidates and the style of the service. 