^ Saturday is tbe Caulfield Guineas day, I shall deliver civ soul as follows:—Maiden Plate, one mile: MF,NNSI) CHIEF, Menotti, Lara. Great Poal Stakes, half-a-mile: SUMATRA, AlbertLoddon, Hortense. Hurdle JIJCE two miles: REVENGE, Bonnie Lad, Tantaliser. rnl,lfii:ld Guineas, one mile: BLAIBGOWHIE, Volcano, Vaddeliun, Australian Hunters' Cup, two miles and J!nijartoi-: CHARCOAL, Lara, Union. Toorak Handicap, one mile: ('jiL'OKfiTEit, Middlemarch, Huron. " A SOUTHERLY wind and a cloudy sky proclaims it a hunting morning," says the old song, and consequently Saturday was a model day for the Melbourne 6unr <2lul> fellows. The public did not attend in any numbers, but still, there can be little doubt, the balance ,n]l lie on the right side of the ledger when the accountin" sheet is made up. And for one very good reason. The JL.H.C. executive have their heads screwed on pretty ievel. The Handicap Flat llace, of a mile, was worth nil over. £'200; £170 tor the first, £20 for the second, and flO for the third. And yet this race, in reality, only cost tbe Club thirteen pounds ! As how? Thuswise: There were originally 57 nominations. Oftliese, 23 paid £1, JO paid £2, and 24 competed, which cost them £6 a-piece. Total, £167 E\>:n that is in advance of the Caulfield Cup last j Tear, when competitors did not race for their own money ()v a long chalk. But then, you see, there were 41 of tliem thought they had a look in, and so the total was 1 swelled. PROCEF.UINOS opened on Saturday with a Selling I Race, five furlongs, for which only five out of the seventeen animals on the card turned out to run. Sorcerer was thought such a good thing that he quickly saw a short price until Ambassadress came into the market, i rcheii tbe odds veered round, the brace eventually starting with odds of 2 to 1 against each. Ambassadress was quickest away when the flag fell, and, never being headed, won by a head from Sorcerer, Snip being third; time, Imiii.W sec. THIRTEEN started for the Handicap Hurdle Race, one mile and a-balf and a distance; and as Mirth was scratched to allow Malone to ride Tantaliser, who looked I extremely well, 7 to 2 was the best offer against him at | tlie start. He soon put himself out of court, however, by nearly coining down at tbe hurdle opposite the judge's liox, and after Revenge had carried the field along at a good hat O'Brien on Louis challenged him, and although Sara Floyd rode most determinedly 9st. 101b. beat llBt., and Louis passed the post two lengths in front of Revenge, Joey being third; time, 3min. Csec. SEVEN was the main for the Hunt Club Cup, three miles, and as the Glasscock stable claimed four of tliem it looked real good to play a game of follow my | leader. Aud so as little as 6 to 4 was taken about Abdal- 1 tab—a grey horse who must have been foaled somewhere about the time that Noah carted the animals in out of J the wet. But the ancient of days lay a little too far out of the hunt, and upon Mr. C. Glasscock hurrying him up to overtake his stable companion, Curiosity, lie hit the last fence heavily aud rolled over, the issue being loft between Curiosity and Baldy, the former winning easily by a dozen lengths, Robin a similar distance behind the second liorse; time, 7min. 29£sec. THE Handicap Flat Race, of one mile, which succeeded, caused great excitement towards the close of the betting, some horses doing the "turn about and wheel about aud do just so" business to perfection. The state ol the odds, as published in the Argus, speaks for itself. Just take a lunar:—Betting.—3 to 1 (at first 10 to 1) ag6t Kohai, 5 to 1 (at first 10 to 1) agst Don Giovan, 5 to 1 agst Tbe Levite, 100 to 15 agst Middlemarch, 7 to 1 agst The Ghost, 8 to 1 agst Duke of Athol, 10 to 1 agst Gardenia, 10 to 1 agst Clarendon, 10 to 1 agst Hogmanay, 10 to 1 agst Devotion. The favourite was never dangerous at any part of the race but Hogmanay (with Alex. Robertson up) was, and so was Salvo. Teddy Power, however, held j the joker, rightee bower and leftee bower (as All Sin irould say), and Middlemarch, not knowing what to Bake of only having 7st. 101b. on his back, the musician I sethis pipes in order, and playing " See the Conquering Hero Comes " with obligato accompaniment, Hogmanay suffered defeat by three-parts of a length, Salvo another length away third; time, lmin. 421sec. flALF-a-dozen leppers faced the starter for the Handicap Steeplechase, two miles, Reticent being first favourite at 0 to 4, the vastly improved Sir Samuel coming next at 4 to 1. Wickliffe, with Cree up, was going as ™i as anything, until Reticent gave him a "chuck," ana ultimately the race resolved itself into a ding-dong ° between Sir Samuel and Reticent, , the former Masting his opponent and winning comfortably by I three-quarters of a length, Kulkyne a wretched third; I Um e . lmin. 4!§sec. I THE Sapling Stakes, of half-a-mile, for twoyear-olds, was not a good betting race,!Hortense, Teuton, «M Mistletoe being the only ones supported for money. 2; C.Jj.^lacdonald's beautiful filly, Hortense, a full wter to Marie Louise and First Consul, being by Gang torward from Josephine, ruled the roast at 5 to 2, Teuton coming next at 4 to 1, C to 1 being Mistletoe's price, "retched start found Mistletoe at the head of affairs. 5™.which position she was never deposed, and finished 1 ™t three-quarters of a length in advance of Hortense, "lose stable companion, Harridan, was four lengths way, third ; time, „„„„„. 51secs. Ti„ • i.' „ iue victory of Ambassadress ill the Selling Race iWit £45 out of the fifty back to the M.H.C., that wing the figure at which she was bought in. TpiTvpnc r, , ,, , , . ,, ,, rem often get blamed most unjustly," emajked Mr. J. Cripps to a select coterie on the training on Tuesday morning. "Take Sir Samuel, for j b-ni 1 es 'i - It s on ly aine weeks come Friday since I I •oognt him out of the paddock, and yet he has run four I i 1 at j time. Now there's Yule Cake and Dufferin I jeuad over twelvemonths, and yet they are not ready ] ! e J' e t. It's really wonderful how different some I _ 3 are to others." Now the Moonee Ponds trainer's nun -Yf 1 ' 0 wor ds of wisdom ; and as we have his I cf :," orit, y that Sir Samuel has only been nine weeks out I corn! 6 1 !? d<3ock . why, then it must follow as a thing of 111 BaS 8 victory in the Open Steeplechase last I IVrin - was but a precursor of victories yet to follow. | m sal sapienti. I .THE first acceptances for the Moonee Valley Cup ^to-day (Thursday). , E V) sitors have been pouring in like rain since Jiast. On Saturday Mr, T. Lamond arrived with a nccnt team of nine, including Blairgowrie, Ches- Fernandez, Orator, Huntingtower, iplaS, 0c eana, and Abydos; the whole string being in W™ lettle, and Trenton not quite a corpse yet. Mr lufor sni m " me that the morning after Trenton ,pw ed to have broken down irrevocably in the ordsii •r ^e was out exercising, and toquote his own ' 1WOULRT would have LLFLTTA given TFIVON £100," FLFTFT said "co.iri he, VIA "for"fr»v a downthe night before the Randwick P, Plate was O FLN our of tun. >fvS indent is undoubtedly a good horse, but you can take my word for it he would have found Trenton a bit of sacking plaster." And I can well believe it, for certain is ™ e corse did not look within a stone last vear ol wnat he does at present. Aud as for being a bit dickey o£ tho f ? re l ,ins - well—he was a deal worse than tuat the morning of last Melbourne Cup. To my mind, Damng an accident, the first race of tho V.R.C. Spring Meeting — the Melbourne Stakes — has a very heavy mortgage upon upon it. THE Hon. James White's contingent — Acme. nt^hl^ 'Vplcan^ Aberdeen, Pontifex, Sumatra,Trident, aud Lava—arrived in detaclit h e first half-dozen on Thursday and the other SSnSLP*"** -T hey , are also in g° od form - " the . Tr J 1 , deut has already been dubbed- ^ b ? 1 ?. tho w ry height of condition. He is „ animal, as also is Volcano; but a milei and a-half m 2.38 with 8st. 101b. in the saddle is quite S e n t . to stamp the Hall mark on the chestnut as ue ??, ?&, X ? Cttrat > whilst the merry mile carved out by \ oleano, Acme aud Tamarisk on Tuesday morning, proved to demonstration that either of the three could wMte°blnMi WO ily upbold tbe P reB tige of the blue and i '1 ^ A N K MoaTrsoN lias had Trident's box boiler Such was the canard industriously circulated Proper candidate to represent the Kew Lunatic Asylum. I have heard that Mortison has been saying something about boiler-plating: but if I remember aright it was to the effect that the individual who firBt started the yarn had better have the seat of is pants boiler-plated before Frank finds him out. MR. J. HILL had Isonomy, Satyr, Perhaps and rrooation on the tracks on Monday, and Mr. W Fileate'e trio were also conspicuous the same morning Their Baro n and ' Carrington And albeit the string is a short one, it will be hard lines indeed if "Nousey Willy "does not a little more tlmn square the yards ere he departs. SAYS the Arffus of Monday las —"As next Saturday is the Lent Day of Atonement among the Hebrew persuasion very few bookmakers will be present at the Caulfield Guineas." Now I have read that paragraph every conceivable way-I have read it upside down, and have stood on my head and read it—but for the life of me I can t grapple it. The Lent Day of Atonement part of the business is right enough. Sometimes—on very, very rare occasions—the bookmakers please their clients by lendine them a win or two; for which, however, they take jolly good care to have not one but many days of atonement. Then why, in the name of all the gods at once, will they not be present at the Caulfield Guineas ? The thing is horrible to contemplate. Fancy a race meeting on the classic heath from which were missing the perspiring face and strident voice of Mossy Issacs proclaiming to ^ ^ ^ ^ rrj_i.ii • , . | IN tootball, as m everything else, nothing sue ceeds like success. Melbourne had played a rattling good game for seven Saturdays in succession before they were drubbed by Geelong; and yet no sooner did they meet with one reverse than the whole apple-cart was upset, Williamstown putting them through on the Friendly Societies' Ground on Saturday by i goals 9 behinds to 3 goals 13 behinds. HOTHAM met Footscray on the Footscray Football Reserve, and achieved a victory by 4 goals 1 behind to 2 goals 8 behinds. tv™ f^u^n t loot t , IHE footbaU season of 1886 can now be reckoned amongst the things that have been. The terrible form the Geelong lads have displayed from its beginning to its close must always stamp it as having been a most remarkabl 3 one. They won 17 matches, lost none, drew 2, gained 151 goals, and had only 36 kicked against them, South Melbourne's record was also a splendid one, the only match they were defeated in being that against the premiers. Their tally stands—matches won 18, lost 1, drawn 2, goals kicked 104, goals lost 51. Carlton stands third on the list, with 14 matches won, 6 lost, 1 drawn, 118 goals kicked for, and 79 kicked against. Then (follow Port Melb ourne (a very promising young club), Fitzroy, Melbourne, Hotham, S . Williamstown, Williamstown, Essendon, St. Kilda, Footscray, Praliran, Richmond,and University,the latter having fairly rivalled Geelong by making a "worst on record," namely:— l0B S ^ s t T ' t 1 ' 8 draW '' B ' '' G ° als kicked 28 ' T„ 1009 . „ „„„..„„ „ 5 In 1883 the number of senior clubs was 6 ; in 1884 it was 8; in 1885 it was 10; but last year it had risen to 15—far too many to arrive at a correct gauge of their respective prowess, but still, "confirmation strong as proof of Holy Writ" of the all-absorbing interest taken in the winter pastime. ON Monday, in the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum, poor old Harry Sallars breathed his last I am pretty positive that the veteran had passed the threescore years and ten allowed to man, for it must have TON. been quite thirty years ago since the darkey arrived from America, in which country he had previously fought close up to 80 battles. I well remember liis first fight with Joe Kitchen in Victoria—of which the least said the better. Kitchen won it, and deserved to win it by his pluck, but had Sallars not been told by one of his seconds to keep away from Kitchen, as he was a good wrestler, he must have won, as Joe was knocked all of a heap at the time. His fight with Tom Curran for the championship resulted in the referee deciding that Sal- Jars had lost through falling without a blow; but the whole business throughout was a disgrace to civilisation the popular feeling round the ring baiug decidedly averse to a blackfellow being champion, and the feeling finding vent m something more tangible than words-towit, broken lemonade bottles. Mind you, I do not want to detract one iota from Curran's victory. I saw Sallars next morning, and he had certainly received terrible punishment, his head being the size of a forty-shilling pot; but, nevertheless, I am strongly of opinion that however the fight might have gone Sallars would never have been allowed to win. He once deposited £45 of his own good money to bind a match with the celebrated Black Perry, but some whilom friends of Sailers, on whom he had depended refused to put up any more stuff for " lm > andI he lost his deposit. Though to use his own words, When he let go his right it came straight from (heaven), he was very harmless and inoffensive aud during his long career in the colonies I cannot call to mind his name figuring in the police courts. IT is a good many years now since the incident I am going to describe happened, but I can still recall the thing vividly to mind, it having struck me then as being remarkably funny. I was a youngster at the time employed on Bell's Life in Victoria, and one day the editor, William Levey, (may his soul rest in peace I) sent me up to Harry Salter's place—a tumble-down alianty in Queen- street, where the "professor" used to teach the noble art of self-defence. Upon knocking at the door I was told to " Come in!" and on doing so observed some swell fellow setting to with Sallars. On seeing me, Sallars —either thinking there might be some new business on hand or that the leBson had lasted quite long enoughfeinted with his left and let his right out with such terrible force straight on the snout of the swell as to precipitate him into MB fireplace. Whilst he was picking liimself up I explained my business (it was something about an aaVftrt.lKnmAnt.l HUH Qallflra hintmn J . 1.. ^ pupili uutvu »oij uiu[lijiiAiciLiiv, aivea 111B hand into his pocket, aud, pulling out a pound note, paid for his bit of fun, and took his departure. I thought at the time, and I have never altered my opinion since that it was about the quickest way possible to bring a friendly set-to between master and pupil to a close. ALBEIT it doesn't always come off. I remember a gentleman, well-known in the Carlton Football Club, who was advised by a medical man to take plenty of violent exercise to keep down the adipose tissue, boxing being specially recommended. A quarter's subscription was accordingly paid to Sallars, and as Mr.—my friendwas "the full of a door" (he stood over 6ft. 2in., aud weighed 17 6tone), the profossor used to give him some rare old doings. At last one day the pupil—waxing wrath at repeated visitations being paid to his os/nmlis— measured his distance carefully, and countered the professor with a right-hander, which would have felled an ox. Down went the defendant, who, upon rising to his feet, remarked: "I thought you came here to learn boxing? You bad better take your money back." It was quite a mistake on his jiart; the Infant hadn't come to leani boxing; he had simply come for exercise. But Sallars couldn't see it. AN event which promises to be very attractive is to be run for on Tomaso Gurnai's racing track (should pending arrangements prove successful) during the Melbourne Cup week. The peds. are all well-known performers, and will be ridden by experienced artists in the pigskin, so as to lend additional attraction to the event. The race is to be called the Newmarket Sweater's Handicap, and the following are the acceptors ;— NEWMAHKET SWEATENS' HANDICAP ; prize, a Handsome Mug. Three miles. NAMES. WEIGHTS. RIDERS. Weighbridge Jack 17 0 P. Ter Parsley Mires 10 13 R. Thurscot Herr B. Wilson 16 12 Billy the Butt *Brit Isher 16 11 Webb •Rough 'Un 16 0 Mon. T. Smiff Teagreen 16 0 Heart Jay Pat Un 13 11 F. Lute Prendergast 12 11 Bill Haul Skon. R. Bell 12 10 Parsuns Dan Sniff 12 9 Titwillow Jayday 12 8 Bill E. Ploughs Kleesby 12 7 Dickson Chalk, R. 12 5 •Star Chi Beeshup Jay Griffiss 11 7 Kneel Gee Wil Son U 5 T. Kotrel Hiveamee 10 10 Pompey THAT well known "plunger," Maurice J. Cobbs, informs me that there has been much speculation overthe •Rough Un, 141b. penalty; Brit Isher, 101b. penalty. *StarChi Beeshup, a celebrated Chinese jockey from the flowery land. event, and that the following may be taken as the latest reliable odds -.—Even money Weighbridge Jack (taken and offered), 7 to 4 against Mires (taken freely) 5 to 2 ngainBt Rough 'Un (offered), 3 to 1 against Te'agreen (scooped up eagerly); 100 to 8 bar four. ______ OLYMPUS. THE English and World " records " appear to be broken almost every day, aud the manner in which tbev are showered upon our unfortunate heads is almost * appalling. As an instance of this we have but to quote from our latest Cyclist, in which appear no less than four accounts of records having received severe treatment from the hands, or rather feet, of the cream of English racing men. On the Coventry track on the 21st August, three world's records went the way of all flesh, viz.: — The One Mile Tricycle, twico in succession and the Throe Miles Bicycle; the times being 2miu. 40.2-5th sec., 2min. 45.4-5th sec.,and 8min. JGsec- respectively. Then again, upon the same day, Furnival beat the quarter and balf-mile record, doing the distance in 88sec. and lmin. lGsec. He was not content with these two performances, for upon the following Monday he appeared again upon the path, and made the following times:—Quarter-mile, 37min. 2-5tli sec.; half-mile, lmin. lOsec.; one mile, 2min. 34.3-5th sec. Not satisfied with this, after about five minutes rest, be resumed his task and covered the three-quarter mile in lnain. 53.4-5th sec., and the mile in 2min. 32.2-5thsec. Then, for a change, he mounted a tricycle, aud upon this machine lowered the five, ten and twenty miles' records, which now are :— 14miu. 57sec.; 29min.49.3-5thsec.; lb. 0min.21.1-5th sec. THE result of fame. 1 lie Irish Cyclist claims Con Dwyer, " the Australian demon rider," as an Irishman. THE safety bicycle which has proved " a boon and a blessing to men" who are obliged to travel on rough roads lias, according to our latest English exchanges, proved, beyond the shadow of a doubt, that tho invaluable machine, is the best wheel upon the path and performances upon it has placed the tricycle and the ordinary bicycle completely in the background. Tho feat was accomplished upon the new Coventry track upon which some of tbe best records have this season been made. The rider one Englebart who covered the distance of five miles in 14inins. l.l-5sec., thus breaking the world's amateur record for any form of machine Thus beating the tricycle record, 15min, 40.4-5 see., tho bicycle one for 14min. 8.4-5 sec., and lowering the previous safety record by one minute. AVARICE, thy name is Nilsson. An exchange informs us that " Madame Nilsson has just refused an offer of 30,000 dollars for fifteen concerts in Russia because it is so cold." It seems strange that a lady of madame's experience of the world could not find a more sensible excuse than this. For our own part we think the offer a little too " hot." TJIE Vienna correspondent of the Dally Chronicle states that an execution lately of a youthful assassin who, some mouths ago, cruelly murdered a woman in Vienna, was attended by one of the most ghastly and disgraceful scenes that have ever been witnessed. The capital sentence there is carried out by hanging, and the practice is to choke the criminal, aud not to dislocate the vertebral column, as in England. Ordinarily the executioners succeed in doing this with an apparent minimum of pain to the criminal ; but on this occasion the arrangements were so badly made that the criminal who, although only twenty years of age, had a very powerful frame, was at least thirteen minutes in dying. During the whole of this time his struggles were terrible to witness, notwithstanding that the executioner's assistants pulled him down with all their force. So terribly did the ghastly scene affect the bystanders that several policemen fainted. Now this sounds all very pretty till we come to the finish. The idea of " several policemen fainting" is too much of a good thing, aud won't go down. It's very evident they want a couple of Melbourne bobbies in Vienna. The gTcat national game of cricket is making rapid strides in Australia, and a team of Australians can hold their own against the world. Good cricket cauuot be played without good materials. These are supplied by Boyle and Scott, 41 Bourke-street east, who have had made specially to order, and selected by Mr. Boyle, of the Australian eleven, some really splendid bats, the best ever sent to Australia. Cricketers can select from over 3000, the Largest Stock in the Colomes. Large assortment of Lawn Tennis Materials, and every requisite for •ut door spert. 