VISIT OF THE NORTHERNERS TO THE SOUTH. — w By our own Reporter, Luncheon at Fremantle. Among the many incidents connected witb the recent trip of the Northern cricketers and others to the South none will leave a more nleasin? and lasting recollection than the Inn- cheon given at Caesar's Hotel by the visitors to their friends. Punctually at 9.30 three four- horse drags left tbe Weld Club, driven by Messrs. Bush, Rotten, and du Bouiay respectively, convey ing the Northerners and a number of their guests to Fremantle, where the luneheou was to be I .3 ml ... neui. illc juuiucj was ai»uuiMioucu iu a ui>uw over the hour, and considerable excitement was caused' by the unusial tight of three such equip ages spanking up the High Street. The lunch eon took place on the verandah of Caesar's Hotel, amflj as remarked last week, the decorations and catering conld scarcely have been better, and it is no exaggeration to ray the repast wasa sump tuous one. The chair was occupied' by Mr. Crowther, MJb.C.forthe Greenough.and the vice- chairbyMr. Maitland Brown,M.L.Cfor Gaseoyne. The guests, many of wijpm I mentioned last week, included the leading officials and also private residents of Perth and Fremantle. After lun cheon Mr. Crowther rose and gave the usual loyal toasts, which were duly honored. The toast of the Governor was received with mnch cordiality. Ma du Boulay then proposed the toast of "The Benchof the colony." Speaking for tke North he was very glad to have had the opportunity of becoming acquainted with the J uages of the col ony, His Honor the Chief Justice and Mr. Jus tice Stone having daring recent times both visit ed the Victoria district. He was also glad to acknowledge in connection with this toast the efforts that were now being made to bring jus tice to every man's door. (Cheers). -His Honor the Chief Justice, who was warmly cheered, -said he and his colleague Mr. Justice Stoae could not be otherwise than flattered at the manner, in which this toast had been received. Mr, - du Boulay bad alluded to the efforts that had been made of late to bring justice to every- man's door, and he was glad to think those efforts were appreciated. He hoped that ere long a third -judge would be appointed. (Hear, hear). It might be sometimes thought that the judges did not go about enough, but he would remind the gentlemen, before him of the present heavy work at Perth which devolved on the judges.- His Honor again thanked the com pany for their reception of the toast. M» Justice Stone, on also being requestedto reply, said he could only take the enthusiastic manner in which the toast of the Bench of the Colony had been received as an indication of the satisfaction of the influential company pre sent with the manner in which the J udges per formed their duties. The toast of the Bench was invariably received in this colony with marked- respect and enthusiasm, And if the efforts of the Chief Justice and himself met with public approval, it was all tbey desired, or had a right to expect. (Hear, hear). mi CROWTHER, M-Jj-U., wno was iouoty cneereu, said when he saw so many men at the table so mnnVi better able to do justice to the toast which he had in v»an«l than he was, he must confess he felt nervous. (Oh, oh). But he would try and overcome this natural feeling, and would pro mise to do bis best. As a straw showed the direc tion of a current so, he thought, this entertain ment and the general good-feeling which ani mated it, indicated the desire of the Northerners to reciprocate the thoroughly kind and hospit able filing shown" towards them by their friends in Perth and Fremantle. (Cheers). He once more had to denounce that wicked press, which was al ways raying something that itr ' ought not to. (Laughter). One paper, in mentioning hie speech at the ball given to the North at Fre mantle, had raid that he had opposed .Separa tion. What he then had said was that he was op posed to Separation if he eould manage to effect ah union with one of those lovely creatures whom he saw before him in the ball-room (loud laughter). He admitted that the word " Separa tion " was a bugbear, hut the North had some very real as well as imaginary grievances, and when they commenced toidiseuss those grievances, real and imaginary, tbe settlers began to feel neg- leeted, and -that the Government was paying more attention to other districts than to their own. and possibly they accused tbe authorities of things which really never entered their minds. Still he most maintain that the North had had its grievances, and he hoped in future the authorities wonld give it what it had a right to expect (hear, hear). Such entertainments as the present did mnch to smooth away little irregu larities, and unite them all in one common bond of friendship, and ereate a common bond of in terest (hear, hear), and if the Government wonld only reciprocate the good-feelingthte people had shown, they would not hear much -more of discord and dissatisfaction in the" future, and the colony as a whole would go ahead (cheers). He -had to make a complaint against the Southern ers before he. finishedvand tbat-was that they were not altogether fair in -their conduct. They wanted to hold all the marbles, andtoshow their visitors all sorts of hospitality without giving them the chance of . doing, anything in return, (hear, hear). He would now tell them that they would find racers, cncketere, boaters, and shooters atChampionBay.and if they would only return the compliment and visit the North they could count on a good reception and a good time (loud cheers). He would now call on the Northerners to drink the health of their friends in the South. The toast was received with loud cheering and musical honors. .... Mr. Mabmion, M.L.C., said it gave him mucn pride and satisfaction to have been selected to respond for the South at such an interesting and jovial gathering. He only echoed the senti ments of his Southern supporters when he said how fully he appreciated the good-hearted kindly feeling which had prompted the present entertainment, (Hear, hear). He would only be too glad if they conld make these little courtesies and convivialities annual. He believed tbe little feeling that had existed in the past between North and South had been less real than imaginary, but if there were any real grievances they certainly ought to be removed (hear, bear). And he quite agreed that such meetings as these soften ed down little asperities. He thought the brat time of year for them was about the closs of the old year and the beginning of the new, and hoped that the South would be able to retnrn the compliment and visit the North (hear, hear) . He wonld not say too much, as his friend Mr. Parker would have to propose tbe health of their Northern friends, but he wonld ask them to be lieve that whatever attention they had received had been prompted by the best intention. They must also bear in mind that there were those in the South who for practical as well as other reasons were most anxious that the North should receive every advantage it deserved, and he thought the interests of the North were quite safe in the hands of the Southern members, many of whom, like himself, were largely in terested in the Northern lands (hear, hear). He hoped that the two parts of the colony would long remain one happy united whole, and that Western Australia would to continue to advance at the same rate that she was now doing. In conclusion he thanked the Northerners for the kind and generous feeling which- had prompted the present entertainment, and trusted he would ere long have the pleasure of meeting them on their own ground (load cheers). Mb. Parker m.L.C.assured his Northern friends that it gave him and everybody the greatest pleasure to meet them annually. Itwas mainly due to their presence that the recent races had been so successful, and also that cricketing had been Tevived. And their pleasing countenances added to the joy of everyone, including th# ladies (hear, bear, and laughter). For himself he regarded the visit of the Northcruers as the great carnival of the year, "and he hoped that not only would they continue their visits, but that the Southerners would also visit the North ( cheers). His only fear was— judging by this sample of the Northerner's hospitality when abroad — that if once the Southerners, did visit them they would resolve to stay, and never retnrn (laughter and cheers). If the Northerners continued to treat them thus -the Southerners would never agitate for Separation (laughter). He now begged to propose the health of the Northern visitors and to thank them for their presentjhospitality. Honestly speaking -the South had done nothing worthy of snch a great entertainment (Lond cheers) . Mr. Brown, M.L.C., raid he esteemed his being requested to return thanks for the toast just propose a very high honor. He was in a somewhat dual position. By instinct he was a Northerner, bat he now resided in the South. He had he honor to represent an important Northern constituency in the Legislative Coun cil, and doubtless for this reason he had been called upon to respond. On behalf of the North erners he must also ray that they thoroughly appreciated the kindly courtesy and right hand of fellowship that had been extended to them. (Cheers). Speaking for the South as well as the North, he might ray it was the desire of the former to cultivate their present friendly re lations. (Hear, hear). No one felt more strong ly than he did the good that such visits did both socially and politically. (Hear, hear). The demand for Separation might be natural enough, bearing in mind certain occurrences, but he, Mr. ' Brown, did not believe in it, and did not want to see it come to pass, at any rate until it would benefit the whole or tlie colony — both JNortn and South — alike. (Hear, hear). That time had not in his opinion arrived. These meetings did much to allay any friction which might have existed, and he hoped they had all heard the last of Separation for a very long time. (Hear; hear).. Mr. Brown having again thanked tho company most cordially' for their reception of the toast, resumed his seat amid applause. Ma. Bush, who was loudly cheered, said that as Mr. Brown had responded so ably and well, and he had a toast to propose, he would simply content himself with returning thanks for the toast just proposed and drunk. Mr. Brown said he had exceeding pleasure in proposing the health of Captain Smith, the Acting Colonial Secretary, (cheers). He need say little concerning, him, as he was no 6tranger to them. He had for 6ome years past occupied the important position of Superintendent of Police, and if he fulfilled the duties of Colonial Secretary as well as he had those of the position he had just vacated, the colony would be ad mirably served, (hear hear) He need say no more except that Captain Smith as Colonial Secretary had the good wishes with him of the whole of the North, as well as his, Mr. Brown's own, and if he failed it would not be from lack of co-operation and sympathy, (cheers). The Hon. Captain Smith, who, on rising was warmly applauded, said he took it as a great com pliment that -he should have in the first instance been invited to this sumptuous feast, and in the next that his health should be proposed and re ceived in such a handsome manner. .Such cordiality was encouraging to him, because it inferred that they did not disapprove of his ap pointment. He was justly proud that His Excellency had seen fit to select him for so high a position. Me little thought when he came to the colony what its future would bring forth for him. Things looked dark and clondy then in Western Australia, and he was unknown except to one honored man, Colonel Bruce. (Hear hear). But the recollections of the kindness he and his wife then received from the people of Western Australia wonld never be effaced from his recollection, and soon gave a silver lining to the dark cloud. (Hear hear). Tbe mantle of the Hon. Malcolm Fraser had fallen on his shoulders, and he hoped he would succeed in wearing it gracefully, and returning it to its owner untarnished. (Hear hear). Colonists did not require to offer him any strong indnce- mnnf fn onliaf Mfi eapmAoo in fVinin Vinlinlf Western Australia was the land of his adop tion, and ite welfare was his own. (Hear hear).' He wonld like, before sitting down, to say a few words to his Northern friends. He had himself- recently travelled' as far North as Derby, and what he then saw convinced' him that the set tlers were -men who deserved every sympathy and consideration. (Cheers). When he saw our stalwart young settlers working cheerfully, amid much hardship and discomfort, he felt itwas the duty of the Government to support them in every way possible and reasonable. (Cheers). He felt inclined to say with the poet, Be to their faults a little blind, Be to their virtues very kind. (Loud cheers). He sincerely trusted "their Northern friends had had a pleasant time, and regretted that owing to untoward circum stances he had been personally unable to assist in rendering their visit a pleasant one. He fully agreed with a previous speaker as to tbe value of such meetings as the present in re moving any friction that might be in existence, such as the question of Separation he had heard alluded to, and they were, besides, an incontest able proof that their Northern friends were not the barbarians some people had tried to make them out to be. (Great cheering). He hoped that Southerners would be able to pay a visit to Carnarvon, where they wonld find that the pro verbial hospitality of Geraldton bad travel led still farther North. (Hear, hear). In con clusion he would thank the Northerners for their kindness to himself, and wish them a safe passage home, and prosperity in their callings. (Loud cheers). Mr. Bush said it was his pleasing duty to have to propose the health of the Southern cricketers. Speaking on behalf of the teams who accompanied him this year and last, "he must say that the Southerners played the game in a most sportsmanlike and cricketlike manner, and it was a pleasure to play against them. ' (Hear, bear). He must enter a protest, however, on behalf of the eleven he had brought with him. As things were managed at present they had not a ghost of a show against their opponents. They were asked here, there, and everywhere, morn ing, noon, and night, to luncheons, dinners, sup pers, and balls until they were quite played out. (laughter). -Speaking as a staunch supporter of Separation he felt he was not doing his duty to the cause by bringing down his brother cricket ers, because these meetings teuded to weaken the cause (Laughter and cheers). If they came down each year and were treated as they had been the cause would soon ba snuffed out. l"H"ear. hear, and a voice, " Come eveiy six months "). He should be very glad to do so were it possible, and he hoped the Sonth would return the com pliment, and bring a team of eleven, twenty-two, thirty-three, — they did not care how many, for they were not a bit proud. (Laughter). If they could not come as cricketers they mnBt come in other capacities. He should really feel hurt if the North did not receive a visit from the South this year, say at race time, when he could promise them plenty of sport and Mm. Hosken's best champagne. If they took enough of the latter it would be the North's own fault if they did not put tbe South through at cricket. (Laughter). He was sorry that he had not been able to procure a better team this year, but when he tried to get an eleven together he fonnd that one had married a wife, another had bought a station, — and, in fact, it was the old parable over again. He and his companions derived vast benefit, both morally and physic ally, from these periodical visits, and if people believed what they recently read in one paper they stood in need of moral improvement. (Laughter). But this subject was one which caused him some annoyance, if not pain, and he wonld not say any more about it, except that he hoped those who knew him and his fellow settlers, wonld give them credit for more moral ity than did a certain person who should be now nameless. (Hear, hear). He now begged topropose the health of the Southern cricketers. The repre sentatives of only two Southern teams were present that day, but he hoped next year to -meet representatives of all the leading clubs. It was a very great pleasure to meet the South ern cricketers both in the field and at the fest ive board, and he now proposed their healths coupled with the names of Messrs. G. Parker and Broomhall. (Cheers). Mr. Parker on behalf of the Metropolitan Cricket Club, said he was sorry his ciub had not been able to sbow the Northern team this year as much hospitality as could be wished, but circumstances had prevented them. How ever, they hoped to do better next time. (Hear, hear). They never could have anticipated be ing entertained by the Northerners in such a splendid manner as they now were, especially considering they were at home. Even if they had been at the North they could not have antici pated it. They would try to organise a repre sentative Southern team to visit the North, but if they did go up he, hoped their hosts would post pone their entertainments until the cricket was all over, as cricketers were but weak ..mortals. (Laughter and cheers). ' ' Mr. Broomhall, for the "Fremantle Cricket Club, thanked Mr. Bush for his complimentary remarks. It was .always a pleasure to. meet the Northern Cricketers, and a still greater-, pleasure to beat them, inasmuch as? they knew that the Northerners were cricketers more than worthy of their steel. (Hfeir,- hear). Nothing would give the Fremantle, tjrickct-' Clubigteater plea- : sure than to go the"N6jiii aa'raeet their friends there, and he hoped thatiall who could would do so. (Hear, heart? — .r . The Commissioner .of Titles (Mr. "J. C. H. James), who was enthusiastically received, said he rose to propose the the health of those gentlemen who had come down to teach -the South cricket. Speaking-of himself, he was now past improvement. all he was able to- do for the South being tor give as many- Northerners out l.b.w. as possible. (Laughter). He could remember the time when Mr. Bush was as good a bat as there was in England, when he was selected as the representative of the Gentlemen of the South in an All England Eleven, and more than showed his prowess. (Cheers). The effect of these visits of the Northern elevens was to make the Southern elevens loox to their laurels. Cricket in Western Australia owed more to Mr. Bush than to any other man. (Hear, hear). He had shown them what was form in batting, and how cricket ought to be played. He regret tuat Mr. Jousu 8 mness nacr mmimisea ' uis pow ers, but it had certainly not. reduced his love for the game. (Hear, hearJ. A. jollier/more stalwart set of men than Miy "Bush and his eleven he had never meet. (Cheers). The Southern elevens were glad to meet them, and glad to beat them,- but .considered it no disgrace to be beaten by them. '.(Cheer). He coupled his toast with thh namea/df Messrs. BusH -and Gale. ' '> 11 - Mr. Bush said time was haetentng onj and a good many had to leave by the -steamer,- so he would not detain tbem. He thanked Mr. James extremely for his complimentary remarks, and admitted that though his i I lues? had limited his powers, it had made no difference to his love for the game, for as long as he jcoald hobble to the wickets he would . (GheersL--. Mb Gale 6aid Mr. Blish h.aq said all that was necessary in his remarks, briirbe might add that if Southern friends would come up in Novem ber to Champion Bay .we could offer them two days of first- class racing, and as much cricket as they liked. He only regretted that the present entertainment was not being held at the North, and that the districts as-a whole were hot unit ing to give it. (Hear;? fiear).- Mb. E. W. Howard proposed the toast of the Press. On behalf of. the Northern settlers he was grateful to the Press for its united ac tion in condemning ibe proceedings of Mr. Gribble at the- Gaseoyne. His heart was full, but he would refrain from saying much on the subject. They could judge for themselves whether the Northerners were such a bad lot of- fellows as one man had painted them. (Hear, hear). He had" been connected witb Western Australia for twentyoue.years, and had seen it grow : till it wag wMtiit;' waft. Wherever he was he would <lo - lhv be&for; ibe colony. It was not knownerasL much asij/it ought to be, and, feeling this, together witiianpther gentle man connected with the Argus newspaper he pro- posed'bringing ont a bookrupon the colony, tobe published in connection with- the "forthcoming Colonial Exhibition at London. He again beg ged te propose the toast of the Press, coupled with the name of Mr. Hart. v Mr. Hart said it "'was the first time Mr. Howard and himself had met as rivals. He had also written a book upon' ;tbe colony that Was to be issued in connection with the -Exhi bition, and he hoped rthat Mr, Howard's "book and bis own would meet with equal, success. Western Australia had -been termed a one-horse colony, bat after the' three four-horse teams they jhad seen drawn up -outside the hotel that day it could no longer be called so. They had supplied him with the material for six leaders. Mr. A. Lacy proposed the Ladies in amusing and genial terms, the toast being- responded to by Mr. J; D. Booker. -r Mr. George Leake proposed the healtlii of the Chairman. He had knowiL . _Mr. Crowther since he was a little boy, and had long since learned to like and esteem him. He hoped they all would be able to visit Champion Bay at no very distant day, and there partake ol the joys Mr. Crowther wad. others had in store for them. (Hear, hear). figp. Crowther briefly and amusingly re sponded. i i ..- . '-> Mr. Mabmion proposed the health of the vice-chairman, Mr. Maitland BrqwrL He claim ed the right to do so us one of his constituents, and as having entered the Legislati ve Council almost at the same ' time asMr,. Brown. He spoke in high terms of Mr. Brown's chivalrous character, and the serrices he had rendered to the North in the Honfe. , Mr. Brown raid - he hal always endeavored to do his duty to his constituents, and again briefly and forcibly deprecated Separation. Mr. Crowther pjpposed the health of , Mr. C.D.Price. He saidit wasa duty tbaf.could not be left nnfulfiiled on sach an occasion. He eulogised his services ia- cohnection with the construction of the Eapla - gnd .Roebourne tele graph lines, and congratulated him on his ap pointment as Government Resident at Cambridge Gulf. _ 71 ;- <- Mb. Price wasioadlf oheered on rising to respond. He said: the. Compliment was an en tirely unexpected one;" He had always endeav ored to do his duty, and .would still continue the endeavor where he was going to. - ; i Mb. Mabmion saidwfig' -finals toast yet re mained to.be honored; £tk hadrftn - propose - the health of Mr. J; de£ CdKagftrHiiiflK11- He was about leaving thej-land oteg. birth for tbe old country. The colony, already owed Mm much on account of his services when last in England, and he was known to everybody in Western Australia for his geniality and hospitality. Mr. Hillman said when in England before he had endeavored to do Ms brat for the col ony, and when he got home this time he would endeavor to assist his friend Mr. Fraser. After the Northerners had drunk the healths of Dr. and Mrs. Barnett,. who had shown them so much kindness and hospitality, the proceed ings terminated by all '.present singing " Auld- Lang-Syne." ? rt 1 — The New Yorh Herald- assumes to give a sketch of the new conslitotipn which is being drafted by the leader ' of the Irish party. There is to be but one - Chamber, the House of Lords being simply dropped out of the system. This single body is to. ha vje._ authority over all purely Irish questions. mtKsqiriesort of a veto reserved. The Lord Tjieutehahcy is to be abolished. All Imperial iriutters such as tbe Army, Navy, and National' Defence are to be left in charge of the . English House of Com mons, — we assume the' Herald means in charge of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, — but the British Houses are to have no power to make or alter the lawsS'TTreland. " This will leave taxation, protection! "education, the land lords, police, and a host minor qnestions at the disposal of this single" chamber. Probably it is the most serious democratic suggestion yet made by any responsible' " politician in Great Britain, and Ireland, If it. be. carried into effect or any approach to it, fhe "EHglish Connection " in Ireland will indeed be Shortly a matter of history. A report has been current in England, according to late advices; that the establishment of Grattan's Parliament, : that is of the 1782 constitution of King,' '/ Lords and Commons, would probably forma plknk of the Conserva tive platform. If this have any foundation it explains Mr. Gladstone's precipitate action. It is .clear now that to eapy out this ill-omened scheme, would leave the Irish difficulty just where it was. The Parnellites will have none of it, To force it on them will be, in their words, to legislate for Ireland in accordance with Eng lish ideas. It will only be one more grievance to be agitated against, one more branch of the Upas tree to be got rid of as soon as possible. Holloivay's Pills — The sudden changes, fre" quent fogs, and prevading .dampness sorely im pede the vital functions and conduce to ill- health. The remedy for c these diseases lies in some purifying meffiieirieike 'thiske Pills, which is competent to grapple trith the; jhischicf at its sonrce, and stamp it, qu without fretting the nerves or weakening thesystem- Holloway's Pills extract from the bipod all noxious Matters, regu late the action of every disordered organ, stimu- the liver rnd kidneys and relax the bowels. In curing chest complaints tbese Pills are remark ably effective, especially when aided by friction of the Ointment on its walls, This double treat ment will ensure a certain Steady, and beneficent progress, and sound health will soon be re-estab lished. 