CHAPTER XYI. It ia liitla more than forty-eight hours after burying our dead, that the final blow I am etttiug beside tho dining-room fire, listlessly looking into its depths, and thinking .halfiitterly, half regretfully of Norton Fowler’s share in my past, thinking what comfoh l.might have derived from his love during these 'dark, dark days, had ho been true to his better nature, when the chief sud denly enters, his face ghastly and horror strioken, and tosses to Ag, whose presence I had been almost oblivious of, a telogram “Misfortunes never come singly 1” he groans, striding out of tho room, without another word tand shutting himself into the den, as a slam of the door proclaims. “ What is it, Ag?” I ask apprehensively, noting the sudden awful horror that dilates her eyes, and blanches her cheeks, “What is it ?" I repeat in impatient agony, half-fright ened by her atony anguish. Once, twice, she tries to speak, but in vain. The third time the one word “Freddie’ makes itself heard. Its utterance seems to break the spell, and mechanically she hands me the paper, but I turn from it with a shudder, remembering the one I got at Sun nvside. . . , “No, tell me,—is Bhe ill!” I ory, fearing I know not what. “111?—worse 1" shudders Ag, bowed and broken-looking. “ Worse ?—not dying 7 oh, not dying 1 It cannot be I” “ Dead 1” and with tho word she falls on her knees beside me, and, with her arms around me and her head in my lap, she breaks into a storm of sobs that terrify, and, taken in conjunction with her terrible news, be wilder me totally., Dead 1 can it be possible ?—she, our bright, beautiful, beloved sister—dead! I could laugh aloud at tho thought, in my disbelief. That young, vigorous, beautiful life out short 1 that gay, sweet voioe hushed, those sunny eyes Bealed for ever I and all her new-born wealth of mother-love and wifely- worship ds.ad with her! • O, baby Bruce; poor, little motherless waif! I could almost hate you in the first heat of our new fire of affliction 1 la it any wonder that he, your sorely-striken sire, should shrink, for a time from, the sight of your sweet innocent face, knowing that your birth has coBt his darling’s life ?, God com fort him, and guide thes, poor babe—so un conscious of thy loss 1 For nearly twenty minutes Ag clings, weeping wildly, to me, deaf to my soothing words, insensible to all my caresses, then gradually Bhe grows calm, and turns com forter for the benefit of the rest of ns ; first telling me the substanoe of-the telegram. It is very brief, simply conveying the sad ne®«. and promising particulars by the first • man. . mm x’ftken away from tho evil to come. Mra, Sutherland’s words recur to ns both, and gratefully we thank God that Bhe was spared this crushing blow. Even ga we' dwell upon those strangely nrophetio syllables, Mrs. Sutherland arrives, her own grief swallowed up in the greatness of her sympathy for ns. . \- But why dwell upon tho long weary hours of skd waiting that follow ? or even upon the contents of poor La’s heart-broken let er? tbev. indeed, are too saored to be lightly ex posed to every eye. Enough. that it is too -true.—that dreadful telegram,—that she, the flower of the family, the pnde and joy of her husband’s heart is truly under the sod— hiddon from our earthly eyes for ever. . she had never recovered her strength alter her baby’s birth, seeming at first to do well, then gradually, fading away, wasting to a skeleton almost, so thin and weak, but to the last, sweet and unselfish, oheering.him with confident assurances 6f their future meet ing Last messages she sent us all, bidding us neoially be good to her “boys,1 for her sake, £d advising Lex to leave New Zealand, irhere ho had neither kith nor km, and re urn to his old home. . ... But that neither duty nor lnchnationwill auction at present. The land that holds iar dust, is dearer to him than even tho land if Barents, home, and friends,, and for her ittlo one's sake he must not .lightly resign ha poBt that means independence, and eat be bread of idleness; for there is no opening or him in 8—, nor much prospeot of there leing one. .X Besides, in work, ho^can beat orfeethis loss, hetells us,, and work.be does -go hard that he knocks himself; up most pronouncedly, find three or four monthslatcr finds himself ordered home on sick leave for three months. There I Sod him looking the'ghost of the old-tima Lex, poor fellow I when I return for the Christmas vacation, for I had insisted on goiDg back, to my work at Camboroogh, des pite the niute entreaties of Ag’a wistful eyes, and the chief’a euggeation to relinquish it. There was nothing for me to do at' home in our dimiuiahed household, as I told them, and I must havo something to fill my thoughts, and take me out of myself. Itsluctantly, they had consented at last to my continuing it for another year, hoping then, I might resign it of my own accord. My Sunnyside friends had met me on my return with a genuine sympathy that tried my ooutrol sorely, and vied with each . other in their kiudness to mo. Nance I find quite recovered, and looking health and beauty personified, She has at length consented to “ name the day,” and, rather to Mr. Alexander’s disgust, has fixed it for no less distant a date than St. Valon tine’a day, that being also her birthday. Slowly the weeks pass by, despite all I oan do to make them fly—working hard during sohool hoars, and harder still study ing for matriculation in my spare time, for in study now .1 find forgetfulness and calm. Twice a week I go into C— for lessons and it is on one of these occasions that, on leaving my tutor’s residence and oalling for letters at the post, I receive the following precious epiBtle. Fernlea, Tuesday evening, My deae Miss Dtrniun, Lst my anxiety to render you the full ex planation that is your due plead for my presumption in thus addressing you, and in justice to yourself do not act upon what will most probably ho your first impulse, and return this unread. Da not think for a moment I mean to make excuses for myself, or try to glo3B over my vile conduct. Lst that stand in all its hlaek,cowardly treachery, it will the.sooner quench the last spark, of your regard, supposing that even one remains, and to forget me is the wiecst thing yon can do now. Aye, forget me, forget that I ever entered you life, though, till my dying day, I shall cherish a fond rememberanee of your every word and look. -1 love you too well to wish yon to preserve even the faintest memory of me, for remembrance must mean nught but happiness or pleasure in thiB oase, and you have had your share of sorrow and pain of lats—may the fnture recompense yon amply for the past. But to oome to the point. I deem it Only right to tell you that as deeply as I loved yon when I asked you to become my wife, I love you still, more deeply on the principle that forbidden frait gains in sweetness; the unattainable becomes all-desirable 1 From the first hour I met you and fell under the spell of your loveliness, till the present moment, my passion has been a part of my life, and will be till I eease to exist. Does this horrify your sense of right? my loving one woman with all my soul, and perjuring myself to gain another’s gold. “ Tbs love of money is the root of all evil,” truly, now-a days as of old, and with N. F., especially. Picturesque poverty I oan form no concep tion of. Penury ia my pet antipathjr, and to be hard up with others depending oh me— the thought is enough I I should desert them or commit Buioide. Am I painting myself plainly enough 1 It is not a sweet picture, is it ? No, the change is not in you, but in my altered circumstances. As the manager of Fernles, I had a comfortable home, if not a luxurious one, to offer my' wife, but as Norton Fowler, minus position and proBpeots, existence on a pound a week, perhaps, to sharo. My marriage will be purely a bargain —the rent-roll of Lillioa for my youth and good looks, my bride eleot tells me. I may flatter myself on the possession of the latter without vanity, and for youth—I am only twenty-eight in years, but thrioe that in worldly-wise foresight, eh ? Have I said enough to make you loathe and despise me even as I despise myself 7 In or.o way 1 hope eo, but despise me, forget me if you will, yet pity me a little, too, for, villain and coward as I am, my punishment is hard to hear. Tied for life to a woman I do not even profess to love, who bores and irritates me every hour of the day, thrioe her wealth could not reconcile me to my loss of your sweet self. Who would envy me? Perhaps the—” But here contempt and disgust get the better of me, and crunching the paper into a ball, I thrust it into my pocket with angry vehemence. “ Miserable wretch 1". I mutter to myself, ” it would serve him right to send it to his ' bride olect’ as ho-oalls her, but between her infatuation and his lack o i conscience, he’d eonvinco her it was a forgery.” “What’s the matter, Dot? something has upset your serenity, ” Nance’s voice breaks in on my soliloquy, as I near the gate of her mother’s cottage. Drawing her into her own room I give her' the letter with a ‘•It:ad that.”. Puzzled, but obedient, she does so, and I watch "her face with its lightning changes of expression while she reads. Surprise, contempt, indignation, diegm* chase each other across it, and oonfirm my own opinion. “Well?" I say Bharply, 88 she silently hands it back. “ Don’t speak of him, Dot, he’s beneath your notice,” she advises gently, then, curi osity proving stronger than her resolve, “ When did he propose, dear?” “ The day ha drove me down in hia dog \- “ And you—. _ « Said1 yes,’ after a week’s consideration. Bat enough of him Nance. I wiBh the widow joy of her bargain." "Yon are well rid of him, dear; don’t regret him." “I don’t now. That letter cured me,” I laugh, bitterly. “ When does the - wedding ■ take place, \- Nance?” ” Next Thursday, I heard yesterday.” “In C—?*’ ' “Yes, at the English obnreh.” “ Thursday—that is/etc day, ia it not “Yes, or to quote the 0— JVeiei.our ‘An nual Athletic Sports.’" “And a school holiday! Nance, I must , get in for it.” ' “The/etc?” “No, the wedding.” f . »Dot, do you mean to make a deaths head of the feast ?” “Imeanto make Norton Fowler see my mania is over.” “As you please, viachore. The Church will be crowded, I think, fpr it’a to be a grand affair as dress goes, though only • intimate friends orb invited. He wanted a private wedding, Mrs.' Baynor told me, bat she insisted- err asking her hundred^ ana one particular friends, and being married in U»e church.” “ Wise woman, after paying so much for him, why shouldn't Bhe exhibit him? " Cynic 1 airo'we'to be present then?” ’ “ And witness the sacrifice—yes."' “Canyou oalmly look on it “ Wait and sec—I think so.” ■ ' ••Beup in good time then, we' mustn’t be late,” she says, as the baggy oomee round to the gate. “ All right,” I promise, ae I follow Mrs. Aroroft out to it, stopping a moment to say good-bye to Mrs. Stair. “ In time for what, Dot?” asks Mrs. Aroroft, as wo bowl along. “ Mr. Fowler s wedding on Thursday." Oh,, you hoard of it, then ?” curi* ously. “ Yes, and I want you to drive me in to see it," X say, coaxingly. " Gold won the day after all, Dot?” she ventures, in half-tender, half- Barcastio tones, “I hope he may be as happy as he deserves. It’s a pity, for his sake, you hadn’t a • Lillies’ to take him to.” “And a blessing for mine," I laugh. “ That sounds like sour grapes, eh? but it’s not. Like ‘ Lady Clare,’ I want to be loved for ‘ my own true worth.’ ” “ I’m glad to hear it, Dot," she says earnestly, “ I should never forgive myself if I thought that by making him so weloome always, I had helped him to deceive yon at all.” • “Never think that, dear Mrs. Aroroft. I was deceived in him for a time, I candidly confess, bQt my eyes are open now, and I resign him to the widow without a regret. “ That’s good news to me, and in gratitude for it, I promise to drive yon in to see the knot tied, if all’s well.” She is as good as her word, and Thursday morning finds ns, on the stroke of eleven, simmering in the crowded ohnroh, waiting for the wedding party. Three, four, five minutes pass, then the carriages dash up to the churob, and a moment later the bride enters on her brother’s arm, his face expressing the dis approbation he fcelB. She is fearfully and wonderfully resplendent in ruby brooade, the bodice fitting her substantial figure with a tightness suggestive of an explosion, with a blaze of diamonds at her throat, ears and wrists, and in her hair. Entering by another door her bridegtom advances, and meets her at the communion, in front of the old olergyman. Handsome and self-possessed, he goes through his share of the solemn service with outward indiffer “ Till death do us part." As the words fall on my ears I reoall his written onea— "Tied for life to a woman I do not even professto love,” and I wonder if he remembers them too. f Tbe ceremony evor, he makes no effort to foil the “ beBt man’s” determination to obtain the first kiss, but coolly drawing hie wife’s arm through his, leads her to the vestry 51 Then the crowd slowly files, out so slowly tfaat Nacci and 1 aroonly emerging from our pew as the bridal party re-appear, _ an d_ my funereal figure in it’s deep mourning is the first thing they see. That he seos it tho dark le 1 flush that dyes hie face declares, and his eyes fall before mine, but only for a moment; then, bowing slightly, he hurriea on. • After the breakfast the “happy pair," start for Sydney, whore they Bpond the honey And thus ends that chapter of my life. 