Mr James Brown's letter is unsuitable for our columns. A Parliamentary excursion took place yesterday, when most of the members of both Houses, responded to the invitation of the Government to voyage to Queenscliffe in the new steamer, the Lady Loch. The steamer left the Sandridge pier about 10 o'clock, and made a very rapid trip. The sea was smooth and the weather was delightfuL When off Swan Island, salute was fired by the battery, and some torpedoes were exploded. The Armstrong and Kordenfeldt guns at the Queenscliffi forts were also fired. The party were landed by launches and an hour was spent in rambling about. At 1.30 a sumptuous luncheon was served at the Grand Hotel. This took a couple of hours to dispose of, and immediately afterwards the party re turned to Sandridge, arriving there about 6.30. The sea was slightly rough on the return voyage but the excursion as a whole was a perfect success. Late yesterday afternoon, Sergeant' Young effected a very sharp capture. He received a telegram from Malmsbury. stating that a billiard- marker, named Phillip Parker, was wanted for passing a valueless cheque, and that Parker had left Malmsbury by the afternoon train on Thursday. - The sergeant at once went out on a voyage of discovery, and had not been long out before he noticed a stranger answered the description of the man who was wanted. He challenged the man, who admitted that his name was Parker, and that he was the ; individual wanted. In less than half an hour after receiving the telegram Sergeant Young was able to reply that he had the man. Parker is charged with passing a valueless cheque for £17e onJSIr Joseph Raisbeck, bootmaker, of Castiemaine. He will be brought up at the court this mornand remanded to Castlemaine. A boy named Arthur Winepress met with a peculiar and painful accident yesterday at Hesket. He was engaged in schooling a liorse for Mr J. T. Bowen when the horse 'propped' and Winepress came down heavily on the pommel, of the saddle, seriously injuring his privates. An unfortunate accidcnt happened yesterday afternoon about a mile on the Langle v side of Black Hill, wliich, it is expected will result fatally to a man named William Jones. He was employed driving team drawing Messrs Russell and Hipworth's threshing machine. Going down hill the brake was not put on quickly enough and Jones was knocked down- Two of the wheels of the machine passed over his chest, and several of his ribs were fractured. Mr M'Cauky, of Black Hill, brought the unfortunate inan to the hospital, but it is hardly possible that he can recover. young man named Auldrick Giri, -. a young woman of 18 years and his sisu" , 5 J -rtploy \- • of \- « Mr J. ^ Adams, . ^ of * of age, in the e.. _ can-on- escape from Newham, had aver, ^oroillg. Giri being shot on Thursday- t B loaded was endeavoring by means o. -»tree gun to pull the branch of a cherr, within reach, he holding the gun by muzzle. The hammer was drawn back and struck the cap, exploding the charge. The charge of shot passed under Giri's ^ ann, within two inches of Ins bre^t. His shirt sleeve was set on nre. rus sister was standing just behind him and she also had a narrow escape, the charge cutting a hole in the ground a few inches from one of her feet. Mr S. J-- Hale advertises, inviting every one to visit 1iis underground arcade in Piper Street, where seasonable gifts of all descriptions are to be obtained. We understand that Mr F. W. Strickland, accountant of the local branch of the National Bank, has been appointed accountant of the Horsham branch and left for that place last Thursday. His many friends will be glad to hear of his promotion. Mr W. Noyes has been appointed to succeed liim here. On Tuesday last a sale of Crown lands in fee simple was held at Castlemaine. Amongst the lots offered was one of 19a 2r 19p at Spring Plains which formerly was held under license by Mr W. Bachelor. It was sold to Mr David Chambers at £15s per acre, the upset price. Pending arrangements for a bathingplace for young children, in the Campaspe, above Mollison Street bridge, the members for the Kyneton Riding have resolved (9 rajuest Sergeant Young to instruct the "^lt^ interfere with small children P 1 - -'be fou! u< * batM51g in the river, who ma_, ^ does u 0^ extent immunity This request, ^ lads and young from prosectrtioii • _ ___ Hibited liourg men who. bathe dui. *conn* 10 '- *h enl ' in prohibited places, at. selves indecently. ^ ^ h e ^ T l ^ b S ^ Campbell, and Strickland, P.lTs. following renewals were granted with (he assessment as shown :—Samuel Knight, Spring Hill, £34; John Shepherdson, Lauriston, £25; Hannah Porter, Dramjnond, £40; Henty Mever, Olenlvon, £30; , G. Glenny, Glenlyon, £40; „„, "W. ...,^ jjunhar, Lgonvflle, £25;-iMaiy D y e r - Our local contemporary appears to be ^eatly exercised in what little mind it las, regajxjing the £500 vote in aid of the constriction and maintenance of tlie Newbury Boad; and has manifested great anxiety to', show that tlie condition lias been attached tliat Kynetonshire Council has tu spenj £300 additioual. We men- j tioned fJiat the vote was absolutely un-i conditional] but as some members of the council could hardly believe that an energetic Parliatoeutary representative could aiove the Public Works to dispense with any condition, the secretary was instructed to make enquiries through. Mr Sands. Mr Harperhia received from the secretary for Public VV^rks, through Mr Sands, the assurance that the vote is absolutely without conditio!, and the money can be drawn as soon as the work is done. This is just what Mr Sands had informed t/ic council. The i ratepayers of the Tylden and Trentliam Biding, in this instance alone,Jhave been saved, £300, and they hare secured £500. For this they have to thank Mr Sands, who has persistently urged the claims of tlie district to special recognition. Messrs Busoombe and Son on Thursday afternoon offered for sale by auction Mr Jas. Ueilson s farm of 197 acres at Tylden. ['The highest bid was£16 per acre, butas this ! was below the reserve the property was withdrawn. I On Thursday afternoon Mr T. A. Ewing sold by auction a number of blocks of . ud in Kyneton, under instructions from . Master in Lunacy. The land formed 1\. <rf the estate of Mr S. BL Parker, p - • an inmate of Kew lunatic asylum. ~ * " pu ° t lot put up was 2r 32p at the of Mitchell and Jeffrey Streets. S w S pu^Wed by Sb W. fcalloney, for £40 The second lot was situated on Post-office Creek, an4conteiaed2ali34ip. It was sold to Mr A, Ha*die for tKB. Mrs J- Hall l»came t&e; ownjarof a block of 2r at the corner of. MoUison and bel Beaucbamp Stre ets, the p ^ n S Che eitceUent pri.ee of £72 ^ ^ obtained for L lOa block im.^fdrntely adjoining Mrs Hall's property, li/ 8 was the jjurchaser. An allotment havfS a frontage of 33ft to Mjair Street by a depth of 148ft Cin was knocked down to Mr W. Jacobs for £2L The last block was 18 acres in South Kyneton, in the occupation of Sir Tyson. It realised £25 per acre, and was bought by Mr Jas. Humphiys. At the council meeting on Saturday last the gasworks foreman reported that the lanterns procured for the new fence had been totally unfitted for use tlirough the packing case containing them having caught fire. The fire occurred through the carelessness of the council's employe, George Thomson, who put a bag of shavings on the main flue of the retort bench. The shavings caught fire and ignited the straw in the case obtaining the lanterns, wliich -was standing near. The damage done to the lanterns was estimated at £5. The council referred the matter to the Gas Committee and on Thursday last Crs W. Thomson and Carter, after considering the case, decided that 7s 6d per week should be deducted from Thomson's wages until the sum of of £5 is made up. Crs W. Thomson, Carter, and Palmer met on Thursday morning as the committee for Kyneton and Lauriston and Edgecombe Ridings, and dealt with some matters remitted from the council meeti jg. The claim of John Smith, formerly ] lamp inspector and labor foreman, for £7 4s, arrears of salary in the former capacity, was considered and disallowed, the committee concluding from an examination of accounts, that the last payment to Mr Smith covered everything. The Bank of New South' Wales applied that a clause might be inserted in the loan debentures making principal and interest payable either at Kyneton or London. The reason for this request was that the bank desired to place the debentures on the London market. The committee decided to recommend to the council that no departure be made from the terms on which the loan was floated. The council desire to buy up their own debentures as funds may be available, but they would not be able to do this if the debentures were sold in England, and hence the refusal of : bank's request. ' The storm of Wednesday afternoon did considerable damage to trees in various parts of the town, but so far as we can gather, lightning had nothing to do with it. In last issue we mentioned an unpleasant experience on the part of Mis Robbins, of Eppiug Street., and another in which there was a greuter element of danger, has come under our notice. At the time of the storm Mr Hatublin's youngest son, Arthur, was engaged in the very necessary work of milking the cow. While so employed a vivid flash of lightning struck two posts close alongside him, splitting both, and hurling part of one of the posts a considerable distance. The very natural fright which the occurrence caused, prostrated the young man, who •while rejoicing at his escape, was not able for a few minutes to assure lihnself that he was unscathed. From Taradale we hear that the lightning struck a tree in Mr Harris's paddock, shattering itinto fragments. On Tuesday night a concert was given at Drummond in aid of the local Church of England. The attendance was good, and as expenses were kept at the lowest possible amount, the debt upon the church will be reduced to the extent of the greater ->oortion of due proceeds. The Rev. G, P£"--_""->Uy, of Mabnsbnry, in whose dis- , . i, -umond is included, had spared l»ru,. netting together an excellent no trouble ^ vScal, and instruband of , m e, which was weU menteL P f ^ , 4s received with earned out and which w f(il|ri_ ._ great appreciation was a. a d Piano solo, SDss Argyle ; B chorus, " Who'n Buy My Flowers?" MissCa'—tt; duet, "Tire^ Mi* Corben and Mis Fretwell; song, " Tit for Tat," MisB Sands; song, "Dear Little Shamrock," Miss HorsMd; song, "The Man at the Wheel," Mr Corbpu ; soug, "Only for Thee," Miss Lane ; song, "Katie's Letter," Miss Jarrett; song, \--The Village Blacksmith," Mr Prout; soug, "The Ghost," Mr Fretwell; duet, " What are the wild waves saying ? " Miss Horsfield and Mr Kelly; song, "That Rogue Riley," Miss Sands ; duet, " Dog and Cat," Mr and Sirs Fretwell; song, "Old Black Joe," Mr Corben: song, " Anchored," Mr Kelly; duet, " Floating Away," Misses Jarrett and Sands; S0pg> "Tlic Way through the Wood," MIs& Horsfield; song, "The Bridge," Mr Prout; glee, Ye Shepherds tell Me," Company; song, Mr Fretwell. The singers were rewarded with the customary vote of thanks. Parliament was prorogued on Thursday by His Excellency in person with all the customary formalities. After brief reference to the principal measures passed during the session, Parliament was prorogued to the 20th day of -January. Mombers of the Legislative Assembly 'returned to their own chamber, ®fter Mr G)lli«s and Mr Bent had expressed tke Vl^ e^eiy member shook hand3 with ^ .„ ^SL™ /* Jr »te, ?f 1 Piper terminated. Street, has sent Mr S. J. — • togfkeis of ChristtiB one of his sixpenuj - '-••ds, various. mas cards. It COD tains nine ' -"-jd. -ndtastefulihdeslgn. and weUexsecUi^. j j ™ ^ " L ^ J ® e i o n e 8X6 Wort3l il «r »..„.„ wholepactot. | An. advertisement appears e s h e referring to the Stock Insurance Co^.^iy, | of which Mr Blencowe, J.P., is one of the, directors. The company insures horses, cattle, sheep, pigs, and degs, either for a year, or in the case of a brood mares, for three or six months, to cover the breeding season. A special feature in connection with the company is that is the mutua principle has been introduced, and share holders holding 50 shares, insuring stock, will receive a discount offtlie schedule rates, as well as a share in the profits. Another feature and one which should find special favor with farmers and others holding stock, is that insurers receive veterinary advice free. Mr W. D. Rogerson, of Piper Street, is the veteruiaiy surgeon for this district, and all inforinacan be obtained from him. At the Daylesford licensing court on Thursday, a novel point arose in connection with a notice to surrender his license, given by a publican named Stevenson. Stevenson served notice upon the inspector that he intended to abandon his license, and apply for compensation. The Bench stated that they had no power to deal with such applications, which had to be dealt with by a court presided over by a County Court j udge. The applicant had shut up his hotel in November last. The question then arose whether the court sitting in 1887 could take cognisance of an application for compensation for a license which was abandoned in 1880. Application was then made on Stevenson's 1 behalf for a renewal of his license, so as t to keep liis fights alive until a sitting of Jthu Special "Court" could be held. .Inspector Parkinson opposed the application on the ground that the applicant had shut the house up for four or five weeks, and had practically abandoned it, liis license beiag, in consequence virtually forfeited. After some argument the Bench said that as the case was peculiar, and there was J reason to believe that Stevenson shut the house up thinking that he had no further necessity to carry it on after lodging his notice of intention to give up his license and apply for compensation, they would suggest that under the circumstances, the inspector should withdraw his objections, they would grant Stevenson a renewal prejudice any rights he might a n u so as no„ -.,«etor Parkinson agreed to possess. Ins, Meotiorls a n d ^renewal withdraw his Oo„ ' wasgranted. -^nded to Mia 1 8 u ^ W f " / - Thursday Mr Mia and Wild Duck, and on - J. B. Thomson caught one at - ' The farmers in this neighborhoou ^ waiting their approach with apprehensions there is a vast extent of crop which is in excellent condition for food for the insects. A Castlemaine exchange reports that the locusts were apparently flying in the direction of Malmsbuiy. The Charlton Independent- says that the pranks of the grasshoppers are giving rise to numerous anecdotes. We have heard of farmers oa returning to their homes after a few hours absence, finding them so full of these insects that they have had to leave the houses in their possession, but this does not come up to the cas® of a settler down Quambatook way, who was in a sort of way hunted out ot his house by them. This farmer is one of Mr James Martyn's customers; and has written begging him to send a few pounds of chloride of lime without delay. From the letter it appeared that the grasshoppers had all died about the place and the stencil was so bad that the man and his family had to leave the house, and camp out in the paddock. He had never been in such a fix before he wrote. Some good hauls of English perch are being taken in the Jew's Harp Creek. The fish hive escaped in flood times from Sir J. B. Thomson's dams, and have increased and thriven. One angler, a few evenings ago, captured seven perch, which when weighed together, turned the scale at 16f lb. Tha Messrs Cliaffey Brothers, with whom the Government had arranged for the establishment of an irrigation colony, have now intimated that they will not tender for the Mallee Block, upon which it was proposed they should establish the colony. The Government contend that should no other tender be received within two months, the time provided for receiving tenders, there mil be no obstacle to letting Messrs Chaffey Bros, have the lands under the conditions of the original agreements should they desire to take it up. There is, however, apparently very small prospect of the firm requiring the land as they have had pressing invitations from both New South Wales and South Australia to take up their abode in those colonies. When Mr Downer, the South Australian Attorney-General was here, he had an interview with the senior member of the firm, and extracted a promise from liim to visit the sister colony, stating the firm would be able to almost make their own terms with the South Australian Government, owing to • the large extent of territoiy in that colony that had not yet been cultivated successfully. Messrs Chaffey Bros, have a partialitly for Victoria, bat they are not disposed to waste time should they be able to make a satisfactory arrangement with the South Australian Government, The SC and D. Advertiser says :—" In connection with the locust plague an amusing incident came under our notice on Monday. The unwelcome visitors had invaded the garden of an old lady in East Maryborough, and commf-iwsd. their ravages on some of her choicest plants- Her powers of endurance were soon overtrained, and rushing oat, broom in hand, she commenced battle with the ruthless locusts. Fiercely swinging the duster to and fro, she exclaimed, 'You prates 3 You cums to eat mein grapes, und mein flowers, und mein everytinks, I slitrike you mit mein proom, you wretches! You wretches !' Bat the poor old lady might as well have tried to drain the ocean with a mop. " The 1 yellow agony* has taken a new forCJ- in Melbourne, The hackney carriage committed of the City Council have issued a permit to a Chinaman to act as a cab- "drirer. The European drivers have held an indignation meeting and have formally protested against the Chinaman being licensed. 