Aiding Discharged Prisoners. EYERED from respecta bility, branded with the broad-arrow of s h a m e, shrinking with downcast eyes in by-way gutters of future vice, the repentant felon is seen. No hand is outstretched to save him, and the argus eyes of officialdom; glare coldly and with suspicion upon his every footstep. He is not like his hardened compeer in crime. The old offender fkrnts the world brazenly, jeers at honesty, and makes open war upon society, with a bold devilry that has hatred for its reliance, and j>achydei?my for its defiance. ; The apprentice in crime \- the silly backslider who, by one aet of folly, bas fallen from respectability-has no self- sustaining confidence Aghast at the gulf which he has placed between himself and his friends and honour, vi*^ is abhorrent to him. He cannot continue in crime; he hates it for the hqriprs and evil it has wrought him. He cannot mate with the comrades of his prison, ward; he cannot face society, and there is no hand held out tp help, him. A blank dead wall of despair is his portion. If he be a laboring man, he may get day labour unnoticed ; if he be a clerk or pro fessional man -God help him ! The utter misery of his position is inconceiv ble. a&e; seesv dailyj bid faces, that have bt amed salutingly on him in the past, pass him by with blanks/hard precognition. His applications for employment are met with superior shrugs of want of confidence, and he is bard set for his daily bread. Gnawing hunger is his next tempter. Flourishing,: fattening; vice, seen in the; persons of more hardened criminals, becomes less unattractive to his eyes. Pinched and starving virtue, with the applied name of felon, . becomes unbearable. Resolution staggers. The desire to be honest trembles and gets -weak-kneed. Virtue Blackens her gait, while vice i3 an alluring tempter in his ear. He falls again, is caught again, is jailed again, and a second cycle of crime is complete. Each ring of erinie hardens his soul, until he at last becomesthe appalling , thing Which first harrowed his fearful heart- a confirmed and reckless criminal. , ' : ; './? r ? .* Alas, how many-of Our worst convicts Can trace tfre story of their descent ity the kbov« indicated ! How many first offenders have been doggedjby police officials from pillar to post, exposed to would-be employers, and deprived of, or shut, out from situations, till crime became to them an alimentary necessity, and they started to graduate in the hijgher degrees of villainy. r And alt this, because no friend was there, when- the prison-gates opened, to take him by the hand and say-c* Be of! good cheer, brotheryou have expiated your offence; sin no more ; .1 will assist you in honorable* en deavour." ' . ' ' ? . What shame and crime and misery would have been avoided had each first offender met suel a friend, can never- be calculated. How much cost to the State -r looking, merely . at the commercial , aspect of the question-would have been \ escaped j how much more industrial wealth would < have been contributed, had each' first offender met such a friend, can never be told. And, remember, t"he most hardened criminal was once a first offender. . . V "In Victoria, there is, in connection with the Salvation Army, a Briton Gate Brigade, established in several of the gaol-towns-ill ,1 Melbourne and Ballarat^ at anyrate. I do npt approve much of the monkey antics of the Salvation Army, as sjeen in Brisbane, but 1 highly admire the triie good work done by these Prison -Gate Brigsadesiii Victoria. Sal- ' vationists-men and women-wait for the opening of the gates every morning, take the shrinking criminal by the hand, bestow him in ; their Home or in lodgings* help him to obtain y honest employ, and thus give him a fresh, fair start injthe road to respecta*-j bility. Dozens of these .reclaimed criminals have testified theirgratitude by ; afterwards forwarding donations to the funds of the Prison Gate: Brigade, anft have proved the sincerity of their desire to reform by : developing intouseful and hoifurable citizens. * J; It is in vie.^ of the terrible position of a gaol outcast that I approve so, . deeply of'the Ofretiders* Probation Act, passed ^during Ithe present session -of Parliament, and under which first offenders are permitted a chance by being., subject to police surveillance instead of to durance vile. But more than this is needed.' Tlie practical busihess world-and what a cunning, swindling machine th§ practical business wo^d' ^ J^het^ a koack of looking coldly on . persons under police surveillance, and the friendly hands of some Prison Gate Brigades are sorely Reeded. V I hail with pleasure'/ tlierefoi'e, the formation in Brisbane of ia! Dischktged : Prisoners' Aid Society; r Intake! uniiisual pleasure and p)ride iii this movement, because FIGARO was the first Queensland paper' to advocate the inaugurationJ of such a society! and has, from time to time, re-opentdthe subject in its ' columns. : ; There is a Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society in Melbourne, which is subsidised by the Victorian Government. But, in forming- the Brisbane Asso ciation, the hard and formal lines of red tape observed in the Melbourne Society should not, I think, be strictly followed. In this respect the Dis charged Prisoners' Aid Society is far behind the tender and genuine Prison Gate Brigade. In the official society, the prisoner is examined, catechised, ticketed, so to speak, labelled and packed, and has assistance doled oat to him after the manner of an official chattel, and in such fashion as to keep ever present with him a sense of degradation. With the Prison Gate Brigades, it is brotherhood; They pretend to no superiority, express no surprise at the rescued man's position, but simplysay-" We are friends ; we'll be comrades with you, if you'll let us." - " The establishment of the Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society in Brisbane iti a great philanthropic stride, and may be made of vast service to the community by the warm-hearted ladies and gentlemen who have formulated it into existence. I ask all my realders-all my bush and town chums-to " ante-ttp" in its cause, and thus set a-going a machine of mercy. THA Government boat " Queen of the Balonne" arrived-at St. George on September 11th with 1£ tons of flour, Captain J. Richards in command. The arrival was quite unexpected, and consequently the vessel came alongside the \- Commercial wharf unobserved. Captain Bichards lost some tune in endeav oring to find the said wharf, being dazzled, I presume, with the forests of shipping in that inland port. The flour was soon absorbed,* and on the 14th people were crying for more. Their anxiety was, however, speedily allayed by the receipt of the intelligence that there were ten tons of flour aboard a team that was close at hand. ; By this, the famished at St. George Have had a monster glorious gorge. " EEL fishing, haw," says a Bowen George Washington, " down in Bwoken Bway, near Sydney, we used to go out; Lord Cawington and, a Tfew of us only; pwbdgiwous length down thar; snap'at the blades of the oars; vicious, wather; dontcherno when I and Lord Cawington were at Flemington, - Sir Henry Parkiefc came acwoBs," etc. Though voluble in the extreme, on stibj6cts of this nature, his reticence is frigidwhen the conversation turns to a moonlight scene at the hour "wlien graveyards yawn;'* a pending encounter an Intended participant endeavouring to preserve the equilibrium of a panfeL -of tfenfiing; a postponement' at the eleventh hour; articles of agreementforthe^ihorrow; " without malice aforethought." Even that is bearable; but the ktrawthat breaiks .the cSm-el'sTaack is ai discussion of a scene at a convivialsparty; ^Shakes peare and Cisher ^owingfir^fely; a figure groping dfctfn Staits in his ro&ie;'de nvuit; the same figure; standing in the doorway swaying gently from side to side,. and carried awaybyj his enthusiasm, exclaiming, w Hamlish, I am thy farshgoash ;" a challengie to outvie the action, and a disparagement of the elocution froin ,onfe of the!party; a negation from the ghost; "Lend me the shirty' from r%e. p^y,-again ^ a compliance; then-~quid rtde$ ? - -y 