OIL AND VINEGAR. BY THE GOOD SAMARITAN. A DAY or two since a Shire Council secre- tary, who has not achieved any great fame for his modest and retiring demeanor, was brought before a police court and fined for not carrying a light at night on his drag, landau, brougham, or dray, or whatever it s might have been. Now, this was all right. If the S.S. (Shire secretary) had paid his money and cleared, the occurrence would not be handed down to fame in this way. But the S.S., aware of his own awful 3 majesty, felt for thebeaks on the Bench, he r knew how they were quaking and trembling c in their shoes at being compelled to fine him, and he saw their blanched faces as t the clerk read out the order, 5 bob and 2s. 6d. costs. What did the great man do P Hastening to set the mind of the Bench at s rest, he assured them they had done the f right thing in fining him, and he would c have felt annoyed if his case had been overlooked. Casar's Ghost! think of this. Of course it was rather a risky matter on the part of the law to meddle with this t Major Goliah Gahagan, and the wonder was that the law was not completely burst up forthwith and for ever. However, it was satisfactory to the Bench to know they had done right, and that the S.S. was not annoyed. The funniest part of the business was a little wish the S S. got off. He only desired that the President should have been caught and fined so that the example might have been greater. Now this is true generosity, and I only want to know what the President thinks about it. I should think he would like it. What are 5s. and 2s. 63. costs. when an awful and terrible example could be set for the I money? Anyway, the President does not seem to take theiles. Seriously thought, it was a piece of con siderable cheek for the S.S. to speak at all. and his remarks were grossly impertinent. What right had he to suppose that the law was going to make an exception in his case? Properly speaking, he should have been fined five times the amount, as he could not plead ignorance of the law, hav ing been present when it was made, and for his little speech the Bench should have given him a - well, no matter. Talking about J's.P. reminds us of the five wise men, who sat on the Carlton Bench a few days back,and fined a respect able girl 5 bob-or-a-week-take-her.away call-on-the-next-case-for being a woman of bad habits. If you don't happen to be a girl, just suppose you are, and a couple of police came to you and said your character was not O.K., and that your parents and brothers and sisters were very bad lots. What would you do? Your" best plan would be to agree with the bobbies, and try to get away. Now Miss M'Kenzie did not know this, so she told the helmets they were liars. That was straight. But the awful majesty of the law had thus got a case, so calling on the assistance of three more of their fellows, these bobbies ran the girl in, and next morning when she was brought before the Bench she was not allowed to say a word in her defence, but fined as a matter of course. Some people might have tried t> hush the matter when it had gone thus far, but not so with the M'Kenzies. Parliament has had a talk about it, and the girl's innocence is proved. Mr. Deakin is not going to say whether he is going to disoharge those police, but he is mighty likely to, and while he is about it, a trip to Croajinrgolong might do those beaks a little good. For the matter of that if he sent the whole J.P. force of the colony to some of the barren islands off Wilson's Promontory he would deserve a statue or two in memory of himself. As for those five wise men of Carlton, their commissions ought to be taken away at once. Or they might be sent to take care of Dowie while he is converting the Maories. I don't know much of Dowie. but I have been with the Maories, and they are much more likely to convert him, than he is to show them the errors of their ways. It seems that Dowie doesn't care for the Mercury, and that he lives in hopes of seeing it settle in an early grave, when he will have the opportunity of watching it in the process of putrefaction. Dowie was born in the wrong country. If things hsd gone as they should have done, he would now be Czar of Russia or Prince of Bul garia; or a warder in a prison house of Siberia. It is his misfortune that he does not care for this paper. It cares a good deal for him, and if he thinks it is going to skufleo off this; mortal coil he is a good deal out. When Dowie gets that very exalted position he talks of, the Mercury will be here then, and when the Free Christian Tabernacle is a factory, the Mer eury will be here then, and even when the apparition of Dowie has faded from the lore of the Maori, it is just likely that the Mercury will not then be far advanced in the state of putrefaction. (" Stinking" is Dowie's word.) But prose fails us, and just here we will sing : Dowie, pale and wan with care, And pockets full of gold, Braves the evil masl-de-mer To join the Maoris' fold. His congregation full of joy, Close up and have a spree; The evening hours they oft employ, In lively song and glee. The Tabernacle" bin" is slow, And audiences small, The pile of wteatherboard must go, For supper, dance, and ball And next a clothing store it is, In turn a circus owns; And next a place for making grease, And crushing up old bones. And on New Zealand's rocky shore Dowie has vainly roamed The little spec has not come off, He once more seeks his home. " My loving flock with open arms, Awaits," says he, "to greet me; They've dollars, too, and lands and farms With which they part so sweetly. Once more in Melbourne, Dowie stands, Alone and unobserved; Can thisbe so, no crowds, no bands, I, Dowie! Why so served? His Tabernacle then he seeks For a soiree, cakes, and frunits; But what is this, he roars aloud, great Scott I They're making boots. The German line of steamers which now runs between Hamburg and Samoa via the Australian colonies, is not going to prove an unmixed blessing, as the artisans are already beginning to find out. We flatter ourselves here that as a working class our wages are higher than they are anywhere else in the world, and that here the relation ships between capital and labor, and the rights of both are properly recognised. This is an end which it has cost much to bring about; and the only thing likely to ever disestablish it is disunion among the men. Now theoe German steamers are dropping in the solonies about 300 steerage passengers a month. These pas sengers are nearly all of the artisan class, who in their own country have been working for an extremely low wage, and do not ask for much improvement on it when they arrive here. They are good workmen, but keep themselves to them selves, and let Unions alone. Consequently it may easily be seen that the competition is an unfair one, and our workmen are going to suffer. The seamen are already feeling the presence of these men, and it is not long before carpenters, cabinet makers, and others will be similarly situated. And talking about this labor question, why does the organ of the remnants of what was once known as the constitutional party persist, in misrepresenting the nisery and esuffering which at present exists in New South Wales. Commenting upon the fact that 660 emigrants by the Alerdeen had been engaged almost as soon as they landed, it went on to say that work was plentiful all over the colony. It is all very well to talk in this way, but the paper forgets to tell us that a third of these emi grants were domestic servants, another third married couples who accepted work in hotels for farms and stations at £80 per annum, and the remainder farm laborers who took work at 1B per week. Those who know will tell you that in Sydney at present there are not less than 10 000 men who are unab'e to obtain work at any price. The number is made up of boatmakers. tailors. fhundrymen, carpen ters, plasterers. stonemasons, clerks, and the like all of whom are totally unfitted for farm labor at 183 per week paid half yearly. In the first place they know nothing about the work. ani the majority of them have wives and families. To say these unemp'oyed are unwilling is an un truth, for at the relief works the Govern ment has provided they have taken up Leary laborat5saodle sperday. And justo long as the goods made by the cheap labor of foreign markets are allowed to go into competition with the colonialmade article duty free, just so long will the N.S.W. artisan be in want. He is beginning to wake up to this fact and the leaders of the Protectionist cans- are confident of: returning to the Assembly at the next General Election, with not less than eighty supporters. 