The Week. Miss Lean was made the recipient of a handsome cruetstand by the members of the Morphett-street Primitive Methodist choir on Thursday evening, April 22, on the occasion of her leaving Adelaide for Mount Gambier. The Rev. J. G. Wright made the presentation, and Miss Lean suitably responded. On Sunday next efforts will be made to re- move the engines and carriage damaged in the late accident on the Nairne line to the city. It is estimated the accident will cost the country not less than £3,000. In consequence of the continued illness of the Commissiouer of Public Works his place on the board of enquiry has been taken by the Attorney-General. A bookmaker at Port Adelaide, named John Collins, who had been staying for some time past at the Commercial Hotel, Port Adelaide, was being removed in a cab to the Adelaide Hospital on Wednesday morning, when he died. He had been suffering from inflamma- tion of the lungs, and Dr. Toll had been attending him. The body was taken back to the Port. The Silver Age mentions as an "on dit" that in order to avoid the heavy cost inseparable from the second handling of Silverton freights through the break of gauge at Terowie, the South Australian authorities have under con- sideration a proposal for laying a third rail along the broad-gauge line so that narrow gauge rolling-stock may travel right through from Adelaide. The exodus of passengers from Port Ade- laide by sea during the week ended Saturday, April 24, exceeded the influx by 186. The de- partures numbered 488, of whom 324 embarked for Melbourne, 102 for Albany, 38 for London, 21 for Sydney, and 3 for Fremantle. Of the 302 arrivals 269 came from Melbourne, 21 from Albany, 8 from Hamburg, 2 from Marseilles, and one each from Mauritius and Sydney. The following arrangements with respect to the placing of the new loan money have been made by the Treasurer with the banks : — For long-date money 3½ per cent, is to be paid by the banks, the rate for Bhort-date money being regulated by the Bank of England rate, but 1J per cent. will be the minimum and 4 per cent. the maximum. This short-date money has to be paid in England during the year end ing December 31, 1886. Mr. J. F. Couigrave, secretary of the Jubilee lutei-national Exhibition, received a telegram cu April 22 from Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., chairman of the promoters, who is now in Melbourne, stating that that morning he had interview ed the Premier and Chief Secretary of Victoria, both of whom promised on behalf of the Government to give every assistance to the Jubilee Exhibition. An official answer to that effect will be sent in due course. It is believed that the vaccination of the pasf engerB by the Chimborazo now quarantined on Toirens Island has been in every case a success. The vaccination was performed on Tuesday, April 13, and should all continue to go on well, it is probable the passengers may he released on Tuesday next. Therecommen dation made at the Sydney conference held on tbe subject of quarantine was that quarantined patseugers should be released 15 days after vaccination, all the circumstances being favor able. The annual meeting of the members of the Y.M.C.A. was held on Tuesday evening, when the report and balance-sheet were adopted, and efficers and committee for the ensuing year elected. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher was chosen president without opposition, and Bishop Kenpion's name found a place in the list of vice-presidents. The report contained the auditors' statement concerning the late secre tary's defalcations, which where estimated at £1,288 16s. 7d. Tbe Truro correspondent of the Kapuiyla Herald supplies that paper with a few particu lars of the life of Mrs. McDonald, who died at Truro recently at the age of 107 years. He states she was born near Glen Roy, ia the Highlands of Scotland, ia 1779, and conse quently at the time of her death was in her 108th year. She arrived in South Australia in 1852, in the ship Eadina, and was a resident at Truro for 23 years. She leaves four sons, fire daughters, 31 grandchildren, and 17 great grandchildren. 3\At the levee at St. James's Palace, on March 15, the president of the EDglish Wesleyan Conference (Rev. Richard Roberts) was pre sented to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales by Mr. Clarence Smith (son of the late Rev. Dr. Geivase Smith). The ex-president (Rev. Dr. Greeves), who was presented two years ago, accompanied the president. It is believed that this is the fiist occasion on which the president of the Conference has been presented during his official year. The employe's of the firm of H. L. Vosz held a social gathering at the Plough and Harrow Hotel on Thursday evening, for the purpose of bidding adieu to Mr. H. C. Bocker, their late manager, who has severed his connection with the firm. Mr. Wm. Chudleigh (one of tbe oldest employés) presented Mr. Bocker with a handsome marble clock suitably in ecribtd, and wished him every success in the future. After Mr. Bocker had feelingly re sponded the rest of the evening was spent in a social manner, songs and recitations being given. We have received the annual report of the Eallarat School of Mines for 18S5, printed in pamphlet form, with the' reports from the lec turers, tables of certificates granted, and various useful information connected with the institution. We notice that the number of pupils attending the different classes is about 500\. ' ChemiBtry and physics' takes the largest number in the free instruction classes, while in the others 'mechanical engineering and drawing' is at the top of the list. The rf port will be found highly interesting to those interested in teaching-. As the afternoon train from Goolwa to Ade laide was making its departure on April 22 an accident occurred, by which an old aboriginal named Harry Simmons lost his leg. Simmons was receiving payment for some shells he had sold while the train was in motion, when he fell with his leg between the platform and the train, and was dragged along to the end of the platform, then falling to the ground, and some wheels passed over his leg. The train was stopped, and the aboriginal was brought down to the Adelaide Hospital, where it was found necessary to amputate the limb from below the knee The remains of the late Dr. Wm. Clarke were intened in the Orroroo Cemetery on Af ril 23, in the presence of a large number of residents in the district. Dr. Clarke arrived in the colony about seven years ago f roai Scot land, having pieviously taken hign academical honors at Aberdeen University. He settled at Orrorco and continued to reside there up to the time of his death. The deceased gentle men possefsed abilities of no mean order, and was highly esteemed, and his death at the early age of 34 years is much deplored. The deceased gentltman has left a widow and one child. .The anniversary of the Athelstone Primitive Methodist Sunday-school was celebrated on Fatter Sunday and Monday. The beautiful service of sorig 'Jessica's First Prayer' wa3 well rendered on Sunday by the choir and school, tbe connective readings being supplied by the Rev. W. Jarrett. There was a very crowded attendance at this service. The tea and public meetings on Monday were also numerously attended. At the latter interesting addresses were contributed by Me=srs. D. R. Goldsmith (chairman), Bower, Hack, and Brit taiu, and the Revs. H. J. Pope and W. Jarrett. The total proceeds were £9. A German named V. Hartwick, late boats wain of the barque Annie Lisle, who had been stayicg at Mr. Carlo Retucci's boarding-house in St. Vincent-street, Port Adelaide, about a month, was found dead in his bed on Monday afternoon. The deceased, who had been under treatment by Dr. Gorger of late, was not seen about the house on Monday morning, and on Mr. Retucci going to his room to call him to dinner he found him dead. He at once re poited the matter to the Port Adelaide police, atsd the body was removed to the mo-gue. Dr. Gorger gave a certificate of tuiial, and tha city coroner decided not to hold an inquett. « At about 5 o'clock on Monday evening a fira broke out in ,a carpenter's shop at Sand well, and in about half an hour the place was totally destroyed. The building, which was of wood with a galvanized-iron roof, belonged to Mr. W. Hahday, a carpenter and joiner, living in Mtrgaret-road, Sandwell, and the shop was situated in tee yam at the rear of the house. The building- contained two sets of carpenter's tools, some wood, sashes, and doors, and nearly eveiything v.as consumed. The place was un icsund. Mr. Haliday was away at the time, but bis wife was in the house when the fire was discovered. Ji very thing possible was done to extirguith the flames, but they were too power ful. The following orders with reference to the annual prize-firing of the V.M.F. were issued from the Staff Office on Tuesday:—' The com petition for the prize firing V.M.F. will be held at Poit Adelaide ranges on Saturday, Ju»ie 5; and officers commanding troops, batteries, and companies are requested to send to the D.A.A.G. on cr before May 21 the names of the teams of their respective com panies who will compete in the different events. Further orders as to the arrangements for the filing will be published as early as possible after May 24. No pay will be issued to men competing for prizes. All men employed as markers or any other duty will be paid at the usual tate.' ' There was a very high tide at Port Adelaide on Thursday week, when the water rose nea-ly up to the edge of the whai f . During the night the ring of one of the mooring buoys on the BirkeDhead side of the river, to which was f.-Mcrrd a number of vessels, broke through the heavy strain upon it caused by the strong wind .blowing against the vessels. The Joliba and Karaweera, two of these vessels, were . carried round to the edge of the cutting-, but happily no damage resulted. The yachts : Mischief and Haidee, however, which were ( also moored to it, were blown on to the beach. ] The Mischief remained ashore, but the Haidee ; was carried a short distance back by the re- j ceding tide and capsized. j The fourteenth anniversary of the Stirling , East Band of Hope was held in the local | schoolroom on Good Friday. Several showers fell during the day, and with the heavy fall of Thursday affected the attendance, which was not bo large as on former occasions. Following the usual tea wasamiscellaneous entertainment, consisting of choruses, solos, duets, quartets, recitations, and dialogues, each number being well received. Mr. R. Collins occupied the chair. Mr. C. LeMaistre read the annual report, which stated that there 80 members good on the books, and that the finalises were in a satisfactory condition, there being a little over £6 to the credit of the society. Officers fcr tbe ensuing year were elected as follows: — MefS's. R. -Collins, president; S. Da, vie, vice president and treasurer ; C. LeMaistre, secre tary ; W. Lewis, P. LeMaistre, P. Day, D. Eunter, Josiah Goldirjg, and John Golding committee. The following is an extract from a letter received by the hon. treasurer of the Boys' Brigade from his Honor Chief Justice Way through Mr. Gordon Castle, his associate: — 'During the investigations of th6 Destitute Commission the Chief Justice was pained to find that a large number of the inmates of the so-called Kefoi inatory Hulk were lads who had been engaged in retailing newspapers, &c;, on the streets. He did not feel at liberty to make a special recommendation prohibiting this employment for boys— firtt, because of the lesponsibility of interfering with almost the oiiJy means by which yonng children can assist in the support of their families when in poverty ; and, secondly, because although it must be admitted that employment in street traffic is demoralising to many children en gaged in it he was not convinced that the cases at the hulk were proved, so far as their convic tion was concerned, to be ' propter hoc' as well as 'pest hoc.' He considers the project of tbe Boys' Brigade most admirably conceived, and wishes it every success.' The repoit and balance sheet of the National Eank of Australasia for the half-year ending M ai ch 31 last appear in our business columns. It -svill be seen that the general depression ?wiiich has been existing during the period haa not uaa tne eneut oi ixiu-uiiig tiie ijau& s balance sheet less promising than usual, and indeed the directors are able, after piying a handsome dividend and bonus, to carryforward nearly twice the sum left over from the division of the previous' half-year. The net profits made by the bank during the sis months amount to £68,186 9s. 4d., which added to £1,517 4s. Id. recovered from debts previously -written off, and £10,794 10s. 9d. balance brought forward, makes a total surplus of £80,498 4s. 2d. Of this sum £2,071 15s. lOd. has to be_ paid in taxes, and the directors pro pose to distribute the balance of £78,426 8s. 4-L as follows : — Dividend at the rate of 12^ per cent, per annum, £50,000 ; bonus at the rate of 2i per cent, per annum, £10,000 ; and carried forward, £18,426 8s. 4d. The reserve fund of the bank stands at £420,000. A public meeting of the residents of Mannum was held on Saturday evening, April 24, at the Mannum Hotel, for the purpose of considering the advisability of securing a water supply for the township. About 50 ratepayers were present, and Mr. B. Baseby presided. A report ' from the fHydiaulic Engineer was read, which gave the estimated cost of the proposed works at £1,650 ; the annual maintenance, £197; and estimated revenue, £196. It was considered that by a rate of 2s. in the pound on the assessment of the township the interest and cost of maintenance would be met. A long and interesting discussion took place on the subject, and the majority seemed favorable to tbe scheme, but thought it would be better to further consider it before coming to a final 'decifion. It was therefore resolved on the motion of Mr. J. Bails, seconded by Mr. G. W. Schuetze— ' That the five gentle n.en appointed at the former meeting a3 a ; committee of trust meet and eo into the del ails of the scheme and report to an ad journed meeting to be held in a week's time. Our London correspondent writes: — 'Few recent visitors fiom your part of the world have excited more attention than the notorious iNewSouth Welshman ' Mudgee' Taylor, whose tall gaunt figure and dark complexion make him a striking pertotage in any society. Mr. Taylor came over here to resist an appeal brought by the Speaker of the Sydney Assem bly to oveiset a verdict which found the latter bad exceeded his lights ia suspending longer than he had a light to the member for Mudgee for obstruction. Lord Selborrie confirmed the finding of the New South Wales court, and Mr. 'laylor is now jubilant. The speech in which he peisonaliy supported his case before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council was one of the finest rhetoricil efforts ever hea'd in that court, and held the junior mem bers of the bar spellbound with surprise and &uiiiiraitiuu.; jevti. smut; mi, jL&yiui; lias ueua delugtd with invitations and made quite a li in ( f ; the Pall Mall Gazette interviewed him the other day. Unfortunately to figure in the columns edited by Mr. W. T. Stead is nowa dajs of tent ran indication of notoriety than celebrity.' Messrs. Gibbs, Bright., & Co., the Adelaide ' agents for the company, have sent us a copy of tlie report and balance-sheet of the Straits Insurance Company for the half- year ending March 31 last, from which we extract the ' following : — 'Thenetpremimnstaken from the ; 1st July to the 31st December amount to (less return and reinsurance premiums) $275,391*67. The interest earned amounts to §23,320-75, and payments for losses and claims - aggregate $2O3,S1]'66. A balance is cairied forward on working account of $177,073*95, ^ut of which sum has been |raid interest on capital, from the 1st July to the 31st December at the rate of 12 per cent, per annum. * Such interest has absorbed #35,146*68. The remains, therefore, at your disposal $141,927'37, out of which your directors recommend that §25,000 be carried to the reserve fund, which will then stand at $200,000; that §52,500 be re turned to supporters of the company in the shape of 15 per cent, on their bonus-carrying contributions ; and that §64,427 37 becarried for ward to ISSti account against outstanding liabilities.' During his exploring expedition in the York Peninsula, when ho discovered all that tiact of country now become so familiar under f.hfi nama nf t.Thft TPfllmpr rliflt.rii*f TWr VV'llia.m Hacn discovered (says the Brisbane Courier), a species of kangaroo possessing claws which en abled it to climb trees. The discovery was fully reported upon by Mr.- Hann to the Government of the day, bat as this strange marsupial had not since been heard of, except occasionally from the aborigines, people began to doubt its existence. In a letter to one of his family, written by him on SOth March on board the Dacca, at Cooktown (on board of which vessel he is a passenger to England), Mr. Hann says : — 'You will be pleased to hear that my climb ing kangaroo has been found at last. On getting to Port Douglas yesterday, the native police officer, Mr. Graham, came off to tell me £e had f ecurtd one alive, but it died a few days ago. There can be no longer any doubt about the aniinaL I certainly must have the honor of being the first to find it in Australia. I dis coveied it in 1S72, on the head of the Bloom field River, not very far from where the present one was found. The native name for it is Bungaree. There is no doubt it is the climbing' kangaroo of New Guinea. ' At the annual meeting of the Chamber of Commerce, which was held on Wednesday afternoon in the presence of a fair number of members, Mr. H. C. E. Muecke, who is chairman of the chamber, took occasion in moving the adoption of the report to refer to the depressed condition of the colony, and to express his conviction that better times were in store. Without going elaborately into detail as to tbe causes which had led to the depression Mr. Muecke briefly enumerated them, and said he had no doubt that the severe lesson which land speculation and other matters had taught us would prove to be beneficial in the future. - He urged the necessity of encourag ing cur agricultural, pastoral, mining, and manufactuiiog industries, and with regard to I mining said be approved of the action taken by the Government in sending out prospecting parties to places where gold can be found. At the conclusion of a carefully-prepared speech Mr. Muecke said he was confident that his successor in the office of chairman would have a ruuch more pleasing statement to make with regard to tbe commerce of the colony than had fallen to his lot. Six gentlemen having been appointed to vacancies on the committee, and two auditors elected, the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Referring to the Easter encampment of the V.M.F., Brigadier-General Owen issued the following general order on Tuesday: — 'The Brigadier-General Commandant desires to ex press to the V.M. Force at large his pleasure at the success of the Easter encampment under taken at their own expense by a certain number of the officers and m«-n of the force. The manter in which it was initiated and con ducted reflects much credit upon all concerned, from tbe commanding-officers (Lieutenant Colonel Madley and Major Plummer) .and the camp ttaff down to the bugler boys and their band seigeant, who contributed so willingly their share to the success. Though the weather was at first rather trying, all petty discomforts weie cheerfully borne by all. By personal in spection the Brigadier- General Commandant convinced himself that the camp was kept neat clean, and in good order, and that the military duty was not allowed to degenerate ?oto any thing 1-ke a picnic, accompanied by the waste cf blank ammunition. On the contrary, aa much instruction as was feasible was given to both efficers and men in the time available, and a proper military spirit was shown throughout. He tm*ts that the-succes3 of this attempt on a small scale will not be lost upon the ftrce, and that in future more extended efforts re ay be crowned with equally happy results.' A short time ago the manager of the E. & A. Copper Company (Mr. F. Ireland) paid a visit to the Silverton 'district with a view of ascer tainiDg whether silver-smelting could bs carried on successfully at the company's works at Port Adelaide. The idea of smelting silver oreatthe Poit was proposed. by Mr. Ireland to the directors of the company, who instructed him to obtain particulars on the matter. Mr. Ire lap d was very favorably impressed by tha mining works at Silverton, and is of opinion that the tmelting could and should be carried out at the works at Port Adelaide, where there are special advantages for such woik. Frefh furnaces would have to be erected, as the copper furnaces would not do, and the company still think that there will be a revival in the copper industry shortly, when they would be required. The work of smelting could net be done at Port Adelaide until the raL'way is completed. The present chimney-stack at the works would be utilised, j There are at the present time five f urnacea ia connection with the mines at Silverton — one at the Pinnacles, two at tbe Day Dream, and t«ro . at the Broken Hill. The Pinnacles and Day | Dream furnaces have been worked frequently, but have not been a Eucce88, as. they are con- ! stantly breaking down. The Broken Hill furnaces have not yet been worked. In each instance tbe 'water- jacket1' process has been adopted at Silverton. Mr. Ireland is now awaiting instructions from England, and it is believed that ere long silver smelting will be carried on at Port Adelaide. One of the Sultan's weaknesses is a fondness for confectionery, and a story coming fresh from Constantinople shows that he does not spare expense in indulging it. 'A short time ago,' -writes a correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette, 'a Geinian confectioner travelled from Moscow to Constantinople in the hope of securing a situation. Being of an inquisitive turn ot mind, he determined to get a sight of the Sultan, and so kept a look-out in likely places. At last the opportunity came, and as the SDltan was driven pist his German admirer vigorously saluted him. Unaccus tomed to such an exhibition of cordiality, one of the Sultan's officers thought it best to ea quire if it had any significance, and sa the German was for the time taken possession of. His explanations proving satisfastory and his innocence clear, and the avowal of his avoca tion, moiever, creating evident interest, the man was dismissed with a present and an in junction to turn up the next day frith clean skin and new clothes. The result of the second in terview was that the confectioner was set to making pastry as a test of his powers in that art, and his success was so complete that he was engaged right off at a salary of 509 piastres per month. But better luck stall awaited him. The pastry found its way to the Sultan's table, and his highness was so pleased with it that he made the stranger from Germany his con fectioner at once with 1,000 piastres a month for making tarts. As both sides are pleased with the arrangements made —the Sultaa with his confectionery and the German with his pay, the outside world can have nothing- to say.' From the report of the directors of the South Australian Land Mortgage and Agency Com pany, presented at the annual meeting of the company, held in London on April 5, we ex tract the/ollowing : — ' There has been a steady demand for capital, especially in Queensland, during the year at fairly remunerative rates. A severe drought prevailed in New South Wales and Queensland, biit it happily ter minated at the end of December last, and although seme of the sheepfarmers have suffered considerably, it is not anticipated that any losses will be sustained by the company. Inclusive of a balance of £2,049 16s. 3d , brought forward from the previous year, the net profits after payment of debenture interest and all ordinary working expenses in London and the colonies amount to £44,903 5s. 9d, Of this amount the directors have written off debenture exjenseB for 1885, £2,879 Ss. ; de preciation of office furniture, £76 its. ; interim dividend of 6£ per ctnt. paid in October la t, £13,280 16s. Id. ; and have appropriated to reseive fund for tbe first half-year, £5 000 ; for tbe second] half-year, 7,500 ; total for the year, £12.5C0 ; thus leaving to be dealt with, £16,166 4b. 8d., out of which the directors re commend payment of a dividend of 6£ per cent, for the second half year, niakiDgl2£ per cent, for the year, payable on the loth April, free of income tax ; this will require £15,625, and leave a balance to be carried forward of £541 4s. 8d. With the further addition of £12,500 derivable from the premiums on the new shares the reserve fund will then stand at £70,000 invested in consols.' Messrs. J. S. McClory &Co.;'s printing-office celebrated their annual wayzgoose on Easter Monday. Between eighty and ninety of the employes and their friends proceeded to Claren don, and after a pleasant drive through the hiDs reached their destination in time to par take of a cold luncheon served up in Host Willis's best style. A cricket match was played between the Licensed Victuallers' Gazette j and the Clarendon C.C., which was won I somewhat easily by the latter, Mr. J. S. McCloiy being the only one to feel at tome to tbe tolerably good trundling of the countrymen. A large programme of sports had been prepared, but owing to there being insufficient time, half of the events were postponed. The following are the results : — Running high jump — C. Chandler, 1; W. Tresize, 2. Apprentices' race— T, Chandler, 1 ; J. Sellars, 2; P. Pelzer, 3. Patting the shot — C. Chandler, 1; W. Tresize, 2. L V.G. handicap, 1E0 yards — J. Sellars, lj T. Chandler, 2 ; P. Pelzer, 3 (14 ran). Picka back race — C. Chandler anl W. Tresize. Hop, step, and jump— J. Sellar3, 1; C. Chandler, 2\. Novelty race — W. Tresize, 1 ; H. Dickens, 2\. Tug of war — All- comers v. J. S. McOlory and Co.'s ; won by the former. In the evening the excursionists sat down to a first-class dinner in the Royal Oak Hotel, but a large toast list had to be abandoned on account of the lateness of the hour. Mr. McClory occupied -the chair, and everything passed off satisfactorily, the party reaching home at midnifht after a thorough day's enjoyment. Mr. G. Pelzer, as secretary, worked hatd, and to him was chiefly due the succeES of the outing. The annual meeting of the Public Schools Floral Society was held at the -Grot e-street State School on Tuesday morning. There was a fair attendance, and the Inspector- General of Schools (Mr. Hartley) presided. An apology was received from the hon. sec. (Mr. W. Warner), and the assistant secretary (Mr. W. C. Grasby ) read the seventh annual report, which showed that the business during the past year had been very satisfactory. The membership had been well maintained, the ntinber 'being 99 head teachers and 52 assistants. The usual two days' show was held in the Town Hall in November, and was thoroughly successful, a special feature of it being the number of educational appliances and aids to teaching which were shown. The seeds which the society imported last year were all sold, and gave great satisfaction. 'The transaction resulted in a small profit, and a larger consignment had just arrived, of which packets were now ready for distribution. A short time ago the society's funds were transferred from the City of Adelaide Loan and Investment Society to the Savings Back. Mr. W. It. Neale presented the treasurer's report, which showed: — Receipts, £155 13s. Id.; expenses, £154 12s. lid.; leaving a balance of £1 Os. 2d. The assets were: — Savings Bank, £162 15s. Sd.; value of seeds on hand, £23 12s, 6d.; which with other item*, made a total of £192 18s. 3d. Mr. Madley moved, and Mr. PiiUjiMEE seconded — 'That the meeting be adjourned till next Saturday fortnight, when the notice of motion to dis pense with the next November show would be discussed.' This was carried, and the meeting adjourned. The following orders were issued from the Staff Office on Wednesday : — ' With reference to the prize firing to be carried out on Satur day, June 5, the officers named are invited to act es follows: — Chief umpire, the Acting D.A.A. General; assisting umpires, Lieu tenant-Colonel Makin, Lieutenant Colonel Madley, Major Harrold ; time-keepers, Cap tain Dean (Mounted Rifles), Captain Solomon (Adelaide Rifles), Captain Naish (Adelaide) Rifles), Captain Fowler (Adelaide Rifles, aesUted by Lieutenants Muecke, Daniels, Page, MeEsent, Taylor, Owen, Wilson, and Kortbmcre (Adelaide' Rifles). Major Stuart will superintend the whole of the competitions. The field-officer will be in general charge of any troops on duty on the range ; StaffSer orders *of this officer. B Battery and each company of the Adelaide Rifles and Reserve ' will furnish a non-commissioned officer and two thoroughly competent markers to parade at K. Company Butt at 9.45 a.m. I TLe captain of tLe week, assisted by the sub a'te-m of the wtek, will parade the markers at K Company range, and explain to them the ; manner they are to mark for the several com- S petitions. Two buglers will be told off to at tend the field officer in general charge of the competition, and the fall-in will sound tan minutes before the time stated in programme for each competition. Competitors and teams be marched off to their allotted ranges under the superintendence of the timekeepers . ap- pointed for the several competitions. The field officer of the week will utilise as much as possible the services of the captain and sub altern of the week, and the staff sergeant majors.' The Easter holidays in Gawler (writes our local coi respondent) have passed over very quietly. On Good Friday services were held in some of the churches, and the blind evange list, Mr. Houston, had a large congregation in tbe evening at the Wesleyan Church. On the Esnie day the Baptist Sunday-school had a picnic at Sandy Creek, and a very pleasant day was spent. On Friday, Saturday, and Monday cricket matches were played on the recreation reserve, a goodly number ot visitors being present. The nsual Services- were held on Eaeter Sunday, being varied in tha Wea- ? '??''-' leyan Church by Mr Houston, who spoke - morning, afternoon, and evening to crowded congregations, the church in the evening being filled to suffocation. On Monday there were three Sunday-tchool picnics ;. that of the Gon gregationaliste, who transported their children on eight waggons and -a, 'bus to DeGraves' paddock on the Gawler River; the Church of England to Lawe's paddock, at Sandy Creek, whither the children and friends were conveyed in ten waggons, a 'bos, and various traps, and the Wesleyan Sunday-school, which held its annual onting- at Qaindon Park, the . property of Mr. D. Kerr. Sixteen waggans and a 'bus were required to__ convey ths children to their destination. They were attended by the school brass band, under Mr. W. Riggs, and the model school dram and fife band, conducted by A. Gilbert. At all tbe places there- was a large muster of friends, and it is estimated that at theWes leyan picnic there must have been fully 1,200. As usual a nnmber of visitors arrived in Gawler to eee their friends, and several of tha reeidects took advantage of the holidays to visit other places. A good deal of sooating and coursing was indulged in by same of sporting proclivities. The following remarks on the subject of lay preaching are from the charge of the Bishop of Auckland, at the opening of his Dioces*n Synod :— 'I hopethatthe Synod will also take action for the purpose of establishing in every diocese a staff of lay preachers, to assist tha clergy in the important work of expounding the \Vord of God, and of applying its teach ing 'for insfe-uction in righteousness.' The Syncd already expressly recognises the right of the bishop to grant licenses to duly qualified and approved persons to act, in special cases, as lay preachers ; but more than this ia needed. The office of lay preacher should net be limited to special cases, bat should be recognised as among the ordinary minietratioDs of the spirit, and should be duly honored as such. It is greatly owing to the neglect of this office by the Church of England in days gone by that multitudes of men and! women have been led astray into debilitating heresy and unjustifiable separation . from their brethren. Seeing that the Church, would not, or with her limited number of clergy could not, care for all who needed her ministrations, other teachers, often doubt less with the best of motives, but men untaught, have assumed to themselves the office left vacant by the church. Is it not, however, merely to supplement the preaching of the clergy, but to put to usa the gift of ' prophecy ' bestowed on many of our lay brethren, but those who are qualified for the office should now be licensed thereto by tha bishop. In all ages of the church we may expect to find laymen with gifts of the spirit equal to those of Ambrose, Robert Nelson, the Irish Alexander Knox, or our own William : Martin ; and if the church, for want of care, or - from any other cause, neglects or declines to - make full use of such talents, the consequences cannot fail to be serious.' . The invitation to tbe public to assemble at Victoria-square *' to hear information of vital consequence to the interests of the colonies;' - -which appeared in an advertisement, was re sponded to by nearly 200 persons on -Good Friday morning. At the hour named no one known to fame as a stump orator had put in an' ? : appearance, but a few minutes later attention yias attracted to Mr. West, an eccentriclook ing gentleman who is well known about town. He&gantodistributepamphletsentitled;,'G6h- , -?''.' elusion of the filial appeal to the judgment; and syapathyof the Christian; and Jewish people of Adelaide and the adjoining colonies of Aus tralia.' On: being questioned -by the -cro-pd ' : who collected around him as to whether he was the person who had called them together, he : admitted he was, and that the information was contained in the pamphlets. He, however, had not enough tracts for all present, and he said he wished them to know that the ministers of religion were teaching them wrongly on the question of the second advent of Christ. They were looting for him in the clouds, but He would come as He did to the Jews — in human form. He was- proceeding to explain the matter further when one of the crowd inti mated that they would like to hear about tile unemployed and the rate of wages that should be paid on relief works. Mr. West said as they rejected his message he had nothing further to say, but he was not angry, having been «... tieated in the same manner before. As sopn as he had left another man said it was_ a pity for them to -separate without improving the occasion, and immediately began to' sing one of Moody & Sankey's popular hymns, the crowd taking up the chorus. He then read ' a chapter and gave a short address, on the event 'celebrated that day. He was patiently listened to, but a smart shower of rain brought the proceedings to an abrupt termination. ' ? An accident occurred on Saturday evening to one of Messrs. Hill & Co.'s coaches, which had conveyed Messrs. Lyddy & Itatdiffi's .- employe's to their annual picnic at Corb- -;: xnandel Valley. The coach had reached Ihe . _i General Post-Office at about 7 o'clock m tke ?; evening, when several of the occurants asked the driver to proceed along the west side of Victoria-square to Gouger-street. The drirer did' so, and at the intersection of Gxote-3treet and Victoria-square he drove into a large ek cavation in. the thoroughfare which had been - made by the Gas Company 'for the -purpose of : repairing the gas mains. The hole is about 2| -. feet wide by four feet deep, and extends half way across the road. At night four lamps are placed on this to warn approaching vehicles of danger. But the driver, mistaking the passage, steered his horses right into the drain. The consequence was that the coach was imme diately brought to a standstill; by some un accountable means four out of the five horses fell into the narrow opening, the pole of the coach broke off,- and the harness was com pletely ruined. None of the passengers were thrown off. They, assisted by the bystanders, set to work to release the animals from their unusual situation, and :fter two hours' hard work succeeded in doing 60. One of the horses was very severely . injured, while the others were more or lass hurt. The police-constable who was on doty in the neighborhood of the accident states that he saw the driver was proceeding in a rather reckless manner towards tbe obstacle, and that he warned him, but instead of taking notice- of his caution he deliberately drove into the hole. He also a;sertsthatthednverwasnotsober,and : notin acondition to driveacoach with five horses. A correspondent who witnessed the accident ? - writes acauitting the driver of all blame, and i-aj s that the mishap arose from the manner in which the lights aMhe excavations were placed, ere being in the middle of the .road, and the ...' others at the corners of Grote-street and Vic- . toria-square. ' ' On Friday, April 23,' says a correspondent, ' I paid a visit to the camp of the men working : tear Mann-um. It is situated on a flat by the side of the River Murray^ a distance of ? one mile and a halt from the township of. Msnnum. At this camp- there -are 15 tents, and 70 men are working, of whom about 50 - occupy the tents, while 20 have found shelter in several houses which were empty in the township. Mr. Ransom is the resident engi- . ceer in charge of the men, and he speaks very highly of them. He gays they are all good, men, very respectable, and willing to work. - They have been working just three weeks, during which time they have constructed an mile long, 20 feet broad, and 5 feet high. During the first week they wer%*ill paid 4s. 6a. 'per day, since then about 50 have been on piece work, and in their first week at this they made from 4s. 6d. to 7s. per day, trie price given being 7d. per yard ; the price was then reduced to 6d. per yard, and the men -were displeased and did not work on Monday, April 19. They started again on the next day at the. re duced price ana worked on till Thursday, when they were stopped by the heavy rain. Friday being a holiday they did not work, so that they will only receive three days' pay for the week. The water has filled the trench they were excavating, and the engineer has re moved thtm further on where the ground is .higher. The men want flys to their tents very badly to protect them from the rain, as the calico tents are only fit for summer. They . alio require stretchers on which to sleep, or - seme wooden bunks during the wet weather. They aTe at present obliged to make beds of the lushes. The men comp'ain of the price per yaid beiug reduced, as they say that now tfce wet weather has come on they mil not be able to make 4s. 6d. per day. With theexcep tion of about a dozm U tbe mea rent to ttna camp the men are respectable, sober, weJlbe havtd men. The dozen referred to were at once dinnissed.' A correspondent writes:— 'Oa Tuesday, Atril 27 I paid a visit to the camps of. men woi king'near the Murray-bridge. I fcnnd 156 mtn altogether, and they are divided into two camps No 1 camp has 33 tents and 86 men, aid is situated at the fcot of a low range of hills on the border of. the swamp, about two n-ilefi from the bridge; No. 2 camp, where there are 25 tents and 70 men, is on the swamp by the side of tfce river, about a mile fn-ni the bridge. The whole of the men are ucder the charge of Mr. Qaia trell, as resident engineer, assisted by Messrs. O'Connor and Ranford as overseers. The men at No. 1 camp, during the three weeks they have been working, have made a substantial looking embankment, from the foot of the hills to the edge of the river, 12£ chains long, 6 feet high, and in width 30 feet at the bottom and 4 feet at the top. They are now making good piogrets with the embankment along the edge of the river towards the bridge. The men at No. 2 camp are the last lot tart were tent up, and have only wen working eix daye, during which tuna thay bave been on the Tn»in bank along the riverside, a mfle farther towardBthe liridgj. The whole of the men at both ounps are on dajwork, and are receiving 4s. 61. Pe*^** Mr. Quintrell tajs that no man ha« noema less t^ 4s. 6d. per day for every ^dayhetoa worked, but on account of *h» lw«jr«m hut Thursday the men wew not aw w work for two days, so that their earn ings this last week will only be 18s. All the men' now engaged -are conducting themselves very -well, about 25 troublesome and dissatisfied ones having cleared out. The men seem fairly comfortable while it is fine weather, but when it is wet it is very miserable. Mies are very much 'wanted for their tente, and. it is to be hoped they will be seat up before it rains -again or the men will be in a sad Btate. The ground is very heavy to work, and the masons and other tradesmen -7ho are on the job feel it 'keenly, and will rejoice when the time comes that they can get work again at their own trades.' The Duke of Connaught, speaking lately at the annual meeting of the National Indian Association in London, eaid: — From my own small experience, it having bean mostly in the north-west provisoes of India, where education ha3 made less progress than in Bombay or Madras, I can say now very much has a-ready beep done, and how the younger generation in India are grow ing up with larger and higher ideas. People in England do not sufficiently understand toe great difficulties under which the English authorities labor in India. During the time tbat I was in India the Duchess of Gonnaugat took every opportunity of going among the schools and the zenanas, and or making the acquaintance of those Indian ladies whom she was ableto visit, and she ha3 told ma over and over again that what she legretted more than anything was the terrible ignorance that she saw prevailing. She said the ladies were charming in appearance and in manners, but their want of knowledge and education dis tressed her beyond expression. We have heard about the terrible mortality among Indian women, and I am sure that the means adopted to enable native ladies to understand the rudiments of medicine so as to be capable of treating numerous cases that occur in zenanas will do a great deal to elevate those ladies. If this goes on side by side with the gradual education of Indian women, we may, I am sure, look forward to a happy future for them. Speaking as I do, I say lam certain it is the wish of aU English women to help Indian women to raise themselves to a higher state of civilisation and one more in harmony with oar own ideas. One of the chief objects of this association is to promote social intercourse between Indian and English gentlemen. This is an easier object to write upon and talk about than to carry into practice in coase qnence of the prejudice of caste and religion. Shere are no paupers in India. Xn every family it is the pride of the senior member of it to help all those who are in any way de pendent upon him. I was struck in India with the great love and respect that families have for the head of the house. This prevents them from doing anything dishonorable, the pride of the family at its -ancient descent being so great that it would never stoop to a dis honorable action. The half-yearly general meeting of the sliare tolders of the Adelaldeand Good woodTram way Company was held -at the office of the secretary (Mr. J. S. Scott), Currie street, on Wednesday morning. There was only a small attendance, and the chairman o£ directors (Mr. W. Everard) occupied the chair. The directors in their re port expressed their regret that owing to the general depression which had been experienced during the past six months a further small loss was shown on the operations of the company. It was but fair to say that hard times had con siderably affected the earnings of all kindred companies, and that the company did not stand alone in this respect. The directors had gone very carefully into the cost of working the line, and expected to be able to effect a further saving of £4 to £4 10s. per week in expenses. If they succeeded 1his saving would, taking traffic returns on the present basis, practically mean that the line was paying its way; and they trusted that in the near future, when the clouds of depression had rolled away, they might be-able to ehroflicle considerable saving. She balance-sheet was as follows: — Statement of traffic -receipts and expenditure for six. months'tb.March3L/lS86. Expenditure.— 1885 (September 30)-3?6 balance, £113 3s. 7d. 1886 (March 31) — To ?working expenses, six months, £l,608:Ss. 2d.^ interest, £108 lls, 4d. ; depre ciation {written off horses), £77 17s. 9d.=£l, 90S ©s. lOd. To balance, £271 10s. Id. Receipts. — 1SS6 (March 31)— By gross receipts (six months), £1,588 18s.; sundries, £47 12s. 9d.; balance, £271 10s. Id. =£1,008 0s. lOd. The Chahuuast, inmoving theadoption of the report, referred to the fact that a reduction had been anade in the employes wages, which they had cheerfully accepted. Air. P. Ingebson seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. John Sobertson was re- elected a director, and Messrs. TV. S, JDonglas and Hy.Stoda.rt auditors. The traffic manager reported that 'during the .haTf-year-H)7,269 passengers have travelled by cars on this Use, and 4,369 by Edwardstown bus, making a total of 171,638, being 12,441 lets thanlast half-year. There are 35 horses in . stock, all in good order and condition. The : rol'ing-stoekcoBsiste-ofsLx: cars and two basses, all of which are in good order. The road is in good condition and repair.' Among the thousand and one suggestions for promoting the much desired revival of trade in London the following proposal made by a prominent West-End tradesman in the Pall J&all; Gazette is not the least notable :— 'A special opportunity is this year offered to the Queen, not only to give an enormous stimulus to trade, but to increase the loyalty of her subjects in all parts of Great Britain. She caii do it by a mere personal effort, and with out much cost to herself. Here are the colonies, one and all, making the greatest preparations to be 'worthily-represented at the forthcoming Colonial Exhibition. The exhibi tion itself will draw thousands of colonists to England, butcnly let it be 'announced that the Queen will give a . few large garden parties at Buckingham Palace, and that her colonial subjects can, without great difficulty, ? obtain an invitation to these parties, and there will be a perfect exodus from every colony towards this country. Many a rich settler who lives like a little king in some remote colony will come out of his retirement, come to 3£ng7ati(i, kiss the Queen's hand, and go back to inform his adherents that there is not a . more gracious, charming, 'delightful old lady in all the world than Queen Victoria, u-hise ?devoted isubject he will be for all- his remain ing days. Few people know what a splenlil place the Buckingham Palace gardens are, and how easily the parties could be arranged in them. The ceremonies might be 60 ne tting hire the ordinary drawing-rooms, only Jess stiff ; the Queen would hare nothing more to do than to be about for an hour or so. receiving her guests, who after wards would walk about the grounds. If this scheme were ,to be executed there should bs no delay, but it should bs made known at once in the colonies that the Queen would give colonial garden parties during the snmnier. Intending visitors should then give their naniss to the Agent-General for each colony, who coald introduce them. Tt is quite impossible to calculate the extent to -which this wo aid benefit ? the capital aad the Empire. The Queen cannot know with bow little trouble and expense she could help her subjects out of an enormous difficulty, otherwise she would surely not hold back, but come forward as a mother of her people, even though it were at a personal sacrifice.' On Morday afternoon the Salvation Army at Hindmerch, augmented by other contingents,. held their annual -fete. -A procession hea-ied by fix -officers attired as harlequins and two brass bands left the hall at 3 p.m., followed by a large concourse of people, the chief attraction being the comical dresses j-f several of the soldiers. At one stage of thfe proceedings the processionists and onlookers were estimated to -number fully 2,0&0 persons. After perambu lating through the town a ring was formed in front of the barracks and the gaudily-attired soldiers aid the 'light fantastic' to the tunes of the bands, interspersing the dances with singing and prayer. Addresses were also given. Adjutant Dean stated that the Salvation Army Sunday evening worshippers throughout the world numbered, according to the latefct returns, nine million persons. The Army Rescue Mission in Adelaide had been successful in reclaiming 10 yoaug . women; A tea meeting was held in the barracks, and for -the delectation of thosa ' outside a figure on the Punch and Judy prin ciple fixed on a pedestal was exhibited. By the pulling of a piece of string the pappat was made to go thiongh mimic performances to She strains of the band. Some of those present expressed their indignation at the travesty indulged in. Later on a public mseting was held, the barracks being crowded. Ic «-as stated tfcat the returns 'or the colonies for 1835 shewed that the number of stations ha-i risen from 130 to 177, and inadditioa to the 'parent \- c irps' there were 200 'outposfs' where mest jnfcs were held. The congregations on S-inday evcn-ngs gathered in the different halls and bauacksncinbertdl50,-K!0per-«tns. The circula tion of the War C y was £0,030 per vee'e. The EdinrBs&fonthJydn.iiigthe; last year hio^eised in circnl-stion ficm 4,500 to' 11,500 The report showed that although the property io the Aus-. trolaj-ian c Icui* s was not vested in General Bccth asdics le frus^ee, the variois proper ties were -ve-ted for the Salvation Arm jr here in three trustees re-ident in the colonies, ramely, the.officers'who for the time being till the [positions of n:ar:-bal, chief of the staff, and major of the ^colony where the particular properties were situated. During the last six months of the official year the returns of the various colonies *bow that 12,80;- persons had pone to the: penitent form; being an average of 460 per week. Becept cases of '-flitting over the border'' axe thus referred to by the Border Wateh of April 24:-^' 'On Wednesday night Mr. W. 6\. Kendall, orgauiEt -at the Presbyterian Chnrchj'Who tas t-3en JEeltled here foraomenine months *s a .teacher of music and drawing, was-anntJaticed to give a repetition in the Institute Hall of a-cantata given for the first time on .Monday evening. No whisper, of anything ieing amiss ,^ot wind till after the hour for ?epmmwcfag. bat it was 'then found that tbB 1eafler-*was jnfesing. It tran spired that -be had left his lodgings after tea to proceed to the institute, and whether he called there or not is a matter of doubt ; at all events no trace of him could be found after S o'clock, and the money taken for admission to the entertainment was re turned to the audience, and the proceedings were adj«-umed sine die. Further enquiry showed that Mr. Kendall's creditors were a little bit alarmed as to his probable move ments, and were keeping a watch upon him. On Monday_ he had sent his three children to Melbourne in charge of a young woman named Mills, who had been keeping house for him. Some days previously he had sold all his effect?, ard had not_naid any of the proceeds to his creditoi-s ; audit was tu^pected that when lie got hold of the proceeds of the entertainment he would follow Miss Mills. It was not Sfisjjected, however, that he would make a move before the entertainment, aad the watcbers were a little off th-ir guard. Kendall, no doubt, got an inkling of the action to be taken against him, and abandoning the entertainment; gave his would-be captors 'tee slip. How he cleared out, what route he took, arid where hs now is is a matter of conjecture. But there is no doubt that he thoroughly niys'ified those who were taking such a deep inttrtst in his affairs. He ha6 left btlund him a large number of cr-;di tor.--, and takes with him a fair amount of hard coin. There is little doubt he is'now in Mel bourne enjoying his ill gotten booty. His creditors held a meeting on Thursday to see if any steps could be taken for bringing him back, but no plan for doing so was suggested. The matter has been referred to the local Traders' Defence Association, which will, no doubt, do whatever is possible. Kendall has a wife in Adelaide, where his parents also reside. In addition to Kendall two other defaulters — one of them belonging to Miliicent — have gone over the border during the week, leaving sorrowing friends behind them.' ' An inquest was commenced on Saturday afternoon at the Adelaide Hospital by the city coroner on the body of Harry Simmons, an aboriginal who died early the same morning at that institution from injuries received at Goolwa on Friday. Mr. Jackman, superinten dent of the southern line of railway, watched the case on behalf of the Government. Mr. Henry Rosser was foreman of the jury. An aboriginal named James Spender deposed that he in company with deceased was selling shells on the railway platform at Goolwa on Friday. He lost sight of Simmons for a while, and next saw him after he had been run over by the train. The guard on the train did not tell him to stand back. Saw a doctor at Goolwa, who ordered Simmons's removal to the Adelaide Hospital. The enquiry, which was adjourned to allow witnesses to attend from Goolwa, was resumed on Tuesday. The coroner examined a passenger, a police constable, and the guard and porter of the train, from whose evidence it seemed that Simmons was selling shell neck laces to passengers in the train. He had dis posed of one to a gentleman, and the latter was getting his money out of his packet when the train started. The aboriginal caught hold of the sash of the window and ran along with the train, but he had only gone a few yards when his foot slipped between the foot board of the carriage and the platform, and he fell. Porter Barber immediately caught him by his clothing, but the porter ' himself fell on the platform and lost his hold. Simmons was then rolled between the plat form and the footboard of the last carriage and the train still moving on he dropped between the carriage and the brakevan, the step of which caught in his clothing, and he was then dragged on a little further and fell, the wheel of the van running over his left leg, completely shattering it from below the knee. The train was stopped, and the unfortunate man was placed in it, steps having been taken to stop the bleeding. On being taken to Port Elliot Dr. Shand ordered the removal of deceased to the Adelaide Hospital. Arriving there in the evening, he was admitted by Dr. Poulton, who amputated his leg. Simmons was very low and weak from the loss of blood, and did not rally after the amputation. He died at 12.30 on Saturday morning. The cause of death was shock to the system through the injuries he had received, and the consequent hemorrhage. The jury without retiring re turned a verdict of accidental death, adding that no blame was attachable to anyone. A new and terrible infliction (says the Mel] bourneieader^awaits the unfortunate Victorian paterf amilias. There is threatened the organiEa tion of a Domestic Servants' Union. The mere mention of such a possible consummation is calculated to call forth one general outburst of anxiety, and the head of every household may wellexc'ann, ' My punishment is greater that I can bear !' - Now, regarded individually, or speaking iu a military sense, taken in detail, the class which claims the special guardianship of St. Bridget of glorious memory might be boine with, and their little peculiarities of speech, mau&erp;, and appearance tolerated, but if ihey once combine their forces and pro ceed to dictate their own terms, -then social and domtstic chaos is inevitable. It has been more than bintfd that domestics have onlythem selves to thank for wearing the badge of in feriority. 'Under the new regime about to be inaugurated all this is to be changed. Susan Jane is to be seen at her own home if anyone desires to engage her services, and before she can think of accepting an offer it is to be clearly enderstood that she shall haw, an onpst other privileges, one day in the week off (which day is not specified, but no doubt the Sunday),' and that in the evening she car. go ott when she is pleaded so to do, and return after the same fashion. Wages in future must be denominated salaries and are to' be largely augmented ; meals are to be pir taken of with the fami'y, and an apartment must be provided where the young person may meet and entertain her friends and admirers. If -the ccok is taken suddenly ill with hysterics acd spoils the dinner she is to bs- tenderly loused and cared for by the family physician, ssd not bucdl'd out at the back door as hitherto ; and if tbe housemaid thinks it just as well 'to take it out' of her mistress for her 'cbes-k,' fair play is to be shown and no legal proceedings instituted. AIT this aud much more may be gathered from the pir ticulars of the meeting held at the Trades Hall, presided over by Mr. Lauritz Plough, president of tbe Hairdres;ersJ Union. Nosr, the light of combination once conceded to any class, it must be allowed to all, and there seems no va''id reason why domestics should not suite for jrarposes of mutual laenefit, no less than tailors and shoemakers. Their right to do so is unchallengeable. The possible eventualities of the new order of things, how ever, cannot be contemplated without a shudder. A servant must become a luxury few, if any, can afford, aod when enjoyed the relations of mistress and maid must be of a nature very difficult to define, while the father of the family, doubtless, will be required to do all the rough work. Dr. Earry, the Bishop of Sydney, lately lee tured at Wollonpong on ' National greatness : what it is and how obtained.' Tne lectures defined a nation as a community possessing self-government and a certain amount of civili sation. 'An individual to become great,' he said, 'must possess one of these characteris tics—physical strength, some definite and un selfish object, or a mission. A community to become great must possess t ionlar attributes. Australia possessed the first of these qualifi cations in jts immense territory aud unlimited and undeveloped mineral wealth. The two . most important matters to make Australia great were the conservation of water and increased population, ?which were more essential than railways or harbors. Population was essentially necessary for developing the latent resources of tb'e country. He did not believe that any aicouLt-of immigration would tend to reduce wages, but to the contrary. It was an anomalous position for a country to export raw material ai d receive it back manufactured. In the ca?e of a great maritime war this colony was quite helpless, even in the matter of food. Victoria van ahead of us in this respect, as eiie made agriculture a feature. Tiie coun try 'vranted development, and ha wou'd indica'e the establishment of manufac'ories. 'Victoria in this respect also was ahead of us, 'We waiit^ stlf-rtliancp. Government was too often sup£»osf d to do everything. Tli9 present education system was doing splendid work, but we wanted higher education for after life. There was too much tendency to read news papers. The piess was a great and valuable institution, but ? our readiag should ex tend beyond it. To become thoroughly great we must be mere studious. In connection with this public opinion should assist in forming good laws. Our sanitary laws were outra^eaup. He estimated that many lives were sacrificed y« arly f c- m this cause alone. We wanted more police protection, for which we must piy, to cc pe ?with the growing evil of larrifaioi-m. If we wanted goud roads and public build'iigs we must txpect to pay for them. - This was a democratic c untiy, and the true meaning of democracy v as the doina; of all things for the general gocd. Public opinion prop.-rly exer cistd sb- uld icsist oa Government being pw puly ca ried od, instead of everything bail g sacrificed to party spirit, which — at aay rats for the Ja=t twelve ntonths — had b:ojght Jegis lat on to a s'andttilL No country could be j rtat without a bipli moral tone Referring to the dispa'eb. of the New South Wales con tingent to the Soudan, as to whether tha step was right or wrong, he considered it was the best aovertisement the colony had ever ha-J. He was in a position to tay this from bis own letters f torn home.' ?Unfortunately the notes of Mr. R. T. Booth's lecture on the subject' Mary'— which he was to have delivered in the Town Hall on Friday week to young women— by some means got astray, and therefore he was re luctantly obliged to forego its delivery. 'Mr. Booth explained he was not awa*e of this till late in the evening1, and rather than dis appoint the large audience, chiefly composed ot ladies, heeltcted to address them on the subject ot the influence of women on temper ance woik and Christianity. The audience had, however, little reason for disappointment, as from first to ta*t Mr. Booth held them enchained by his graphic and eloqueb ditcouree. Addressing hu listeners first on the temperance question, be quaintly and humorously pointed out how a woman could exert her influence, and having quickly pUcsd j himself en rapport with tbe ladies he warmed ! to his subject, and told them that if they j would they could soon solve the problem of drink in this country. How cauld they accom plish this ? Well, that waa a query that could be easily answered. Let them join issue on the temperance work with the blue ribbon cause, and they would soon see the vast power they wielded. Could they but realise the life of the woman joined to a man who drank freely they would rather that the winding - sheet of death encircled them than link themselves to a drunkard. Coming to the second theme, Mr. Booth re marked that all women should love the gentle Nazarene, for it was His religion that en throned them on the high altar on which they were placed. To Him it was they owed the positions they held as loved and honored wire3 or as uia;dens to whom we all looked with love and respect. After continuing on this point the speaker earnestly pleaded with hia listeners to join the ranks of tbe Go=pel Temperance Mission, and to put into operation that in fluence which might well be termed tae Archi mtdfan lever that moved the world. Mr. Booth's eart.e-jtne=s gaint-d the sympathies of the cuditory, and they were prepared to listen ta him further on this subject, but he suddenly changed his pathetic strain and carried them with him in uncontrollable laughter as he recounted humorous story after story. Then he came within the range of the practical, and touched on the servant girl question. In this age, said Mr. Booth, there was an anxiety on the part of young wonien who had to work to go into a milliner's or some similar shop, because ' it is so nice and clean.' He did not object to tbeir going into work-rooms, but he did think that it would be better if they secured employment as' general servants. If they expected to have houses and servants of their own they should do this, aud if they did he would undertake to say that there would be less difficulty in the future with regard to servant girls, as those mistresses who had had practical experience would know how to treat domestics. The Kev. J. G. Wright presided. We extract the following from the Austra lasian:— 'la the township of Camooweal, in Queensland, the sole representative of the law is a constable, who sometimes exercises judicial functions. The nearest court of petty sessions is at Burketown, on the Gulf of Carpentaria which is 220 miles away, and when a prisoner is given in charge the constable has to consider whether he will undertake a weary ride to Burketown or deal with the case himself. There are supposed to be two local justices of the peace, but they have left the district, and a third gentleman, who has been _ added to the commission of the peace, is not yet sworn in. He would have to travel a still greater distance than 220 miles to find a judge before whom the oath of allegiance could be taken. Meantime the constable seems to bs managing discreetly. A Chinese was given in charge for larceny. The can stable took from Ah Sin, the prisoner, tae property he had stoleD, and kept him at work for ten days at the police-station — it was virtually a sentence_ of ten days' hard labor— ard then bade him go acd fin no more. Two young blackfellows, after a drinking bout, had a fight, and one nearly stabbed the other to d-ath. The constable chained the wou'd-be murderer up for five days only, bis offence not being so heinous a one as the Cbinaman's. There wererecentlytwoconstables and a black tracker in the township, but a serious case turned up, acd the extra police were seat off to Burketown with a prisoner. After they It ft a man named Murphy gave himself up for murder, aod a man named Black had to be arrested for horse stealing. At the date of the last advices the whole of the Camooweal constable's time was taken up minding these two prisoners. With the horse stealer something 'will have to be done, because in all young communiries the stealing of horces and' cattle is looked upon as one of the seven deadly sins, but the constable is understood to be weighing in his miud the propriety of turning the murderer loose. Murphy may only be wanting a free ride under escort to Burketosvn, and unless the person . he asserts he has murdered_ was of some consequence in the district it may be the constable's duty to dis cbarge the prisoner after a short detention to save the country the expecse of a trial, which may only end in 'Murphy's being con victed of lying. Pending the return of the second TKniceman from Burketown, no'icss, doubtless, will ba posted on the tree3 rouad about the township casing upon a'l her Majesty's liege subjects to abstain from crimes of the first degree wh'le the lock-up remains full. In one of Bret Harte'a burlesque stories the ghosts inhabiting a haunted house and its neighbourhood hold a meeting to protest against the proprietress commuting any further murders, as the gloomy pool, the withered tree, the old hayloft, the dark cel'ar, and every other tuiti^le abiding plaoe for a de parted Fpiiit is already occupied by her de ceased iela*ives, and ghosts object to being overcrowded.' ** The police authorities at. Sandhurst,' re marks 'the Australasian, ' appear to have been desirous of bringing the contempt of the whole Mongolian race upon their future eSorts to dear up the ' White-hills mystery' when they invited or permited a so-called thought-reader to go through a farcical performance in the local gaol with the object of frightening some Chinese prisoners into confessing a crime they have had as much to do with, bo far as the police know, as the man in the moon. If it is nccessaiy, for the bringing of wrongdoers to justice, to call in 'the magician and devil-man' to the aid of the baffled detectives, they might at leastavoidtryingto work on thefears of prisoners with tricks which the heathen Chinee cannot look upon without smiling at there clumsiness, or feeling within himself how much better his tricks would have been than theirs. First of all they hung a life-sized drawing of the miss ing constable on the prison walls, in view of Cbiug Youngsnd Hung Ah Wong (who are in custody for stealing copper-plate3),-and told thernthat the devil-man was coming to spy out thesecrets of their inmost eouL The devil-man was_ then introduced, aivdbis first terrifying ex periment was looking for a breast-pin which the governor of the gaol had hidden in Ching Yourg's jumper. The heathen Chinee was alarmed for a moment, because he thought they were going to make out that he stole the pin, but he soon saw that their real game was to show off their thought- reader's power of find ing missing articles. It might have occurred to Ching Young that if they were looking for traces of Constable Kyan's body the more direct course would have been to prospect for it outtide the gaol. The pin, of course, was found. Everything hid by the gaol officials was found. Ah Wong was then told to hde some copper- plate?, which he did by putting them in the desk's desk, the devilry being enacted in the office, and the thought -reader wandered round making hopeless efforts to pick up the scent. Nor could he discover the whereabouts of a knife or tomahawk until he gave up trying' to read the thoughts of the wary Chinese and turned bis scrutinising eye en the face of a eympatbi?ing reporter, who went to Sandhurst with him in the train. The magician accounted for his failure by saying tbat the Chinese]were 'brutes, who had ro consecutive thoughts, miserable cpecimens of humanity,' &c.; , 'and the farce came to an end without Chicg Youug or his fellow prisoner being allowed an opportunity, in their turn, to show off the juggling skill which we know the Oriental races possess in perfection. If they had been allowed to hid9 in their own way, neither the devil-man nor . tbe boobies who brought him there would ever have Eeen pins, tomahawks, or knivea again. There are thiee hypotheses, with any one of which the poor retult of Wednesday's nragic icay be reconciled. The Chinese whom tfce police suspect (without haviDg the shadow of ground for their suspicion) may have had as little to do with the White-hilU mystery as the police tbenuelvt s; or there may have been no murder ; or the thought - reader's thought reading powers, when lie has anything more important to look fur tfeao a breart-pia, may be all moonehine. Was our spiritual Chief Secretary a party, as head of _ the Police Department, to the enacting of this burlesque ou the administration of justice?' Mr. Booth had a busy^lay on Sunday. In the afternoon he conducted a children's meet ing in the Town Hall, which, was largely at tended. The Sunday schools represented were the Congregatioua', Wesleyan, Primitive Methcditt, Bitle Christian, Christian Dis C'j-]ef, the Methodist New Connexion, aad oihert-. Mr. Booth caught the attention of the cbildrt-n at tLe outset by recounting to tbeni anecdote-', all of which pointed a moral. Tl en he led th?m by easy stages to the more serious rrattti- oi h''s_ address. In simple language he told bis little listfners the effejt in a:ter life of good moral principles iacul cattd in early yuuth. He asked them to take up Gispel ttmpsranca work, and re n-iarled tbat if they followed in the right path whm young they would find it fa^iy to traverse the same road in later yeara. In the evening Mr. Booth preached io a large congregation in the Tjnte-street Baptist Church. Later on in tfce evening he addressed a lar^e concourse of people in the Town Hal. Mr. Booth intimated that it was hia intention to gpeak of the power of the Gospel, and not to give an address on temperance entirely. He did this because he was not one o? tho3e who held that drunkenness was the sum of all iniquity any more than he believed that tem perance was the sum of all righteousness. There were other sins which, although hiddeo, ♦ were more dangerous One day the father of Dean Stanley was gazing on the bosom of the mighty Atlantic, when _ suddenly soaring above bitn he espied the prince of birds — an eagle. As he gazed at the bird ascending into the heavens he IieaTd it give vent to piercing scream'. Still , upwards it soared until almost out of right. Iheu suddenly it commenced to descend, till at last it fell at h's f*et a mass of fe^the^s aj.d broken bones. At that moment the watcher observed a ferret ran out from the shattered mass. This the eagle had seized, but as it started on its upward flight it had relaxed its talons, when the ferret grasped the bird's wing, and, true to its instinct, had - seized the eagle in a vital part and brought it to the ground. So it was with hidden sins. Though a man with hidden sins might attain the greatest prosperity ; might be respected above his fellows ; yet — and God knewthat they had examples enough in thsir midst lately — they could be sure tbat his sins would find him out. It was the knowledge of this that made him speak of thepowerof the Gospel. Mr. Booth in eloquent terms then touched on the question of f reethought. It was not his intention to enter into argument on the subject, for if that could settle the point it would have been ;plased beyond dispute years ago. To his mind the only way it could be settled wa3 to' point to the wondrous works of the Creator. Folio wing on this he related incidents of acknowledged freethinkers who had recanted aud turned to God. To profess jrs of freethougbt he said if they wished to go to hell why did they not go alone and leave other men untainted ? Why try to dragothera with them ? Why promulgate the doctrines of frcethought? In concluding his address, which enchained the attention of the audience, he earnestly and eloquently pleaded with them to renounce fiu and drink that we might have a mere noble humanity. Let thosa who were hiding from the world a secret sin give it up. Excluuve of those who signed on Sunday night COO have taken the pledge, the result of the afternoon's gathering being that close on 3C0 children joined the blue ribbon cause. The annual meeting of the S.A. Teachers' Association was held at the Grote-street school on Saturday, April 24, Mr. W. J. Young, M.A., presiding. The report and balance-sheet were adopted, and the following ofiBcers and committee were appointed:— President, Mr. J. T. Smyth, BA. ; vicepresi dent, Mr. C. Whillas; secretary, Mr. It. Gamble; treasurer, Mr. C. Charlton; com mittee, Messrs. J. Wilson, J. Plummer, W. J. Kennedy, W. C. Grasby, W. J. Yoang, A. Holloway, J. Cater, W. L. Neale, and Miss Downing. Mr. Young read a paper on the systems of elementary education in the various AuBtralasian colonies, in the course of which he expressed the hope that federation in educa tional matters might obtain at no distant date, and that such uniformity in teachers' examina tions might be brought about that any teacher holding a proper certificate would be able to take his proper position in any of the colonies. As far as the definite classification of teachers and the provisions for teaching science were concerned we were behind Victoria, and he considered that without a series of schools, from the elementary institution up to the univsrsity, no system of education deserved the name of 'national.' New South Wales possesses three classes of schools — public schools, superior public schools, and high, schools for boys, and as a result of the establishment of these high schools, the teachers' certificates and salaries were higher than in any other colony, except New Zealand. New South Wales was making rapid strides towards t iking the lead in educational matters. The Qaeensland primary education was free, secular, and compulsory, the age during which children are compelled to attend being from 6 to 12 years. Elemen tary mechanics was an addition to the school course. Close examination of the varions departmental tests would show that more is expected from both teachers and scholars in South Aufctralia than in any other colony,5and indeed this constant aiming at perfection caused such anxiety to the teacher as o.'tsn to render what should be one of the noblest pro fessions a monotonous drudgery and worry. He therefore hoped the department would see its way to modify some poiut3 -in the present programme, that easier te&ts; might bs Applied in nearly every subject, aad that either larger teaching staffs might be organised, especially in the larger schools, or that less individual instruction might be insisted on than at present. He was also of opinion that many things in the existing programme which were intended to be presented to children as concrete ideas and things, were to their undeveloped minds perfect abstractions which they could rot properly grasp until -much older. He thought more attention might advantageously be given to practical arithmetic rather than to its rationale, so as to ensure greater quickness and accuracy. Professor Custance then spoke on 'Tbe teaching of elementary agriculture,' and expressed his willingness to give a series of addresses on agriculture to a class of teachers. He dwelt on the advantages of object lessons in chemistry, geo'ogy, botany, mechanic?, and physiology, acd of simple illustrative experi ments in chemistry. Mechanics could not be neglected in an agricultural course, and in sti uction should also be imparted in animal acd ir-sect life, and on how plants get their mstenarce from the soil and from different manures. The results of teaching the principles of agriculture should not be measured by the amount of knowledge the pupils gain,but by the interest created in their minds. He con cluded by a forcible denunciation of the cram ming system. A vote of thanks to Professor Cuttance terminated the mf eting. 