traveller. In Its Ruins. ALMOST six hundred years, before that Birth at Bethlehem whioh gives modern time its index-namely, in 582 n o., the year when the It thai in games were re-tored-a cast of colonists, swarming out of Gila, not very far oft, founded Acragas, whioh afterwards bccame, as Pindar -wrote, . the most beautiful city of mortals.' They could not have choacn a fairer spot on all the coast of tbia fair island of Sicily, rich as it everywhere ia in loveliness and charm. Broken and accentuated ground gave natural ramparts to the city and the ma jesty cf domination to the tampion; while the wide streteh of blue Ees ia front brought the beauty and bnrden of. Bhips to tli9 jtort, which opened it3 gates to its friends and shut thein like a trap against its foes. Jupitp.r and Minerva-or, more comcily, Z-us-and Athene-were the tutelary deities of the city. The one was Zees Atabyrius, an awful form of Moloch; the other was the wise grave god dess worshipped by the E^odiaas at Lindus . -from which city came the original colonists ,: of Gela, bringing their familiar deity with them. Wo havs all heard of Phalaris the tyrant of Acragas, with his red-hot brazen bulls, in which he roasted men alive. Bat we do not al! know that this was net only from.wanton cruelty; though, a3 with the Inquisition of later times, much personal hatred and malice might have been more mixed up with it; but that it was also one form of religious superstition' of the kind only too common in all faiths. Greek feel ing, however, did net tolerate human sacri fices.' Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, and poor innocent beasts, which at the worst served aftewards for food, were offered to the RodB, to gain favour or ward off punishment. But save in "very rare snd exceptional 'in stances, of which Iphigenia and her subse quent cult are the most notable, the deitiea of Hellas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Acragas there fore, soon rose up in horror and indignation against Phaiaris and banished him for his blood-guiltiness; for all that he had greatly embellished the city-always a claim on the gratitudn of citizens. Among other things, ha built a temple to Jupiter Poleius, the ' founder of cities,7 on the sight of which, and in a manner incorporated with while over powering the older fane, is the Christian church of Sta Maria dei Greci. Thereon, that wise and benevolent despot, whose tomb is still to bo seen,, was the real Btar of Acragas. He made that Greek luxury, ; a spacious fish-pond; he built the best of the temples, of which the ruins still remain to attract travellers from countries then un known", but now dorcina'nt, while all this ma jestic past is but a memory and a name; and Pindar celebrated and extolled him, whieh perhaps is the firmest holding on immorality i that he possesses. Among others, he built the temple now called Juno Licinia; that is, the same Jano as was worshipped at'L*ci ? nam; a3 a modern Catholic might dedicate a chureh to Sta Mam della; Catena, or di . GeEu, or dslla Pietil, Ab., always the same goddess, but with specialised attributes. It wasfor this temple that: Zeuxis- painted his famous picture ef Juno, taking for his models tho five most beautiful virgins of Acragas," and producing a masterpiece such as the world had never seen before. But the forces of nature, like the passions of men, have no respcct for works pt art, whether in paint or in stone. Earthquakes and storms, winds, frost, and fire'did their work of, destruction -on'all these splendid conceptions and perfect achievements'of genius ; and Saracan end Norman completed the rain which Cartha ginian and Ritnan had bsgnn. And now we ha7Q of Acragas,' the most beautiful city of mortals,' only the uninteresting little town of Girgenti; and the ruins of the ancient temple?; But what ruin31 Out on the edge of the rock Btands the beautiful and still perfeot skeleton of the Temple of Cjnoord. Is needs no-great sketch of.fancy to reconstruct the past, to repeoplo the void, to call back from that dim and misty Hades where the pale 'ghosts wander mournfully, the forms of those who once filled the temple with love, and light, andyouth and beauty, with music and song and the fervent prayers of pious souls, V asking the benign Goddess of Peace to Bhed lier influence over men, and stay , both war aod slaughter. Toe .beautiful Sicilian girls who were tho realisations of the nymphs and younjzer goddesses, some sing ing, some playing, others bearing baskets full of fruit3 and flowers-their soft feet falling in measured tread and the rhyth mic swaying of their bodies making visable mu-hj^ the cyo ; tho stately matrons, grander and graver, the Junos, the I)3meter3 com pleted, to whom life had brought its cares as well its fulfilled joys, its imperative duties as well as its pleading loves ; tho young men *3canning the maidens and falling in love at H glance, as love is' kindled into flame by a spark; tho husbands and tho elder fathers, ocpapicd with "thing3 and indifferent to beauty; the poor dumb beasts," garlanded with flowers, and led to the slaughter as offerings to gods slow to Eave and quick to puni3b, as even the gentle gods of Greeoe themselves were ::-all file along the paved road and up the marble steps, and range f-hemsielvfiR wifhin the columned hall, whioh then had no Christian arches to block up the space. The cymbals clash and clang : the Shrill note of the double pipe sounds far and olear; and the echoes of the sacred songs oome back from Bhaft to wall in a fall diapa son of joyous melody. Who cannot bring back that scene, as he stands among - the asphodels and violets, and forgets time and Space in memory ? Father away is that Temple of Jano Lacima, already spoken of, where the skeleton is by no means so perfect as this, and where the red hand of fire has left its crimson touoh on the old gray stones. Farther still are the' ruins of the Temple of Hercules, from which the infamous governor Vcrres, he who was denounced by Cicero in one of his' m6st eloquent orations, attempted to steal the magnificent bronze statue of the god; send ing bis slaves at night to prise down the sacred icon; but failing-as the pious of the time said, by tho miraculous energy of Hercules himself workeing through his tffigy -until the horrified men of what was then Agrigentum, no longer Acragas, and not yet Girgenti, rushed to the rescue and delivered their deity from harm. And there is still more undistinguishable chao3 of the Temple of Jupiter-ruined before finished-where the great caryatid lies prone on the greensward, like one of the old gods despoiled of his glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only the dim and ronghened outlines,, but wanting all that made the life and beauty of the faith. Near to these confused ruins i* the beautiful little upright fragment of the Temple of Castor and Pollux, thoBe twin^eons of Leda who Btand as the emblems of fraternal fidelity. The air is full of old-world memories, and involuntarily that noble hymn by Theocritus to the Dioscuri comes to us like a living sound wafted by strange singers acro3B the scented bean-fields-" dear work-steads of the hairy bees"-and shaken like perfume from the flushed branches of flowering fruit- trees, and the sweet pale loveliness of almond blossoms. Bat their day is done. Their Temple is "but a hint, precious for architectural grace, and beautiful in spite of its decay; and they them selves, Ihis heroic pair, are as dead as the the stone effigy lying prostrate on the grass. "Farewell, yea eons of Leda"-"Castor of the swift steeds and swart Polydeuces," " to whom all minstrels were dear," " the twain that aid all mortals," " the beloved pair," " succourera of man in the very thrill of peril, and of horses maddened in the bloody press of battle, and of ships that, defying the stars that set and rise in heaven, have en countered the perilous breath of storms" farewell 1 The present has destroyed the past and Judrea has conquered Greece; but what t!)e world has lost in substance it still retains in spirit, and gratitude for beauty may out live belief in its divinity. If Theocritus pervades all Sicily, Girgenti is possessed: fcy Empedccles*. Clad in liis purple robo, crowned with laurel, shod with golden sandals-what was this. man ? WAS ha the wise measurer of mortal force, the diligent obEcrvr.r and partial conqueror cf nature, some affirm him to have been ? Was he the self-consecrated seer and mystic, sinccrc if also self deceived, who imagined more than he knew, and who obscured his clearer thoughts by phantasies and his per ceptions by illusions ? Of was ha tho con scious charlatan who traced on men's credu lity and dlf'counfed their ignorance ? Who can say ? He, too, is one of those faces in 'the clouds for which each observer has a different form. Bat whatever ho v/a?, hp. was born end bred at Acragaa, the beautiful city where the gods wnre housed in g'ory and worshipped with fervour; and it was from there that he set out to seek for immortality in theetcrnal fires of Etna. And now, what do we find at the modern town and station of Girgenti? A country barren of trees but fruitful in grain; uplanda as green with sprouting corn as English fields scenting the air with perfume almost as rich as that which steals from the jasearmna and orange blossoms of the high-walled gardens; uncultivated tracts full of asphodels and violet?, of borage and tho garden discs yellow chrysanthemum, of fragrant heibs, and the rarer sorts of our wild-flowers at home tracts where a botanist may spend his hours in rejoicing. Leaving the country and going into the town, which is set upon the high rock dominating the plain, we find hut little beauty. The women no longer card th^eoft .wool about their knees," as in the days of the proud Eunice, who refused to love at all that desperate Simrotlia who loved too much ; but they are said to be the most prolific of all Sicilian woman, and for a man to marry a Girgentese' is to be sure of heirs and the tradi tional quiver-full. The chief object of interest in the*town is of course tli9 Duomo or cathrad ral, where they show you superb vestments wrought in gold and silver, with garnets and turquoises mixed in with the embroidery; an engraved ivory staff, and two_ splendid monstrances-the one of gold and jswells in the form of a sun rayed and banded; the other, of silver flowers, with the Madonna's hair in the oentre. The plain white-washed columns dividing nave from aisle agree but ill with the florid ornamentation of the high altar or th6-bold carving of the .roof; and the echo whioh seems to run round the wall like an invisible flame was once the oause of 'more heart-burnings than the architect knew when he struck by chance on that fatal angle of incidence. _ If you are at Girgenti at Ccrniv&l; time and go to a veglinoe or masked ball in the theatre you will Bee a little of Sicilian manners and something of Sicilian feeling. Among the Savages and the swallows, the gold-horned, red- bodied Fiends, the Sailors and the nonde scripts who dance together with more vigour than grace in the , platea, you will not see one woman. The ^Sicilian blood is too hot and ' Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the public and indis criminate mingling of men and women ; and there still exist in these less visited and less continentalised places, strong traces of the Saracenic seclusion of women. In the boxes, two female masks-the only female masks in th9 theatre-come down ever and anon, attended by their malo companion, to "cross ths platea for such refreshments as are to be found at the back of the stage. No one sueaks to them, and they speak to no one. Even that group of ZjIUS who respeot no . man, make way for them: as do those half- . dozen Swallows who run in and out'with short steps and shrill cries, letting- fly live birds a? a diversion the more. These two bands are evidently well known in the place. They go in and out of certain boxes, offering bonbons, whioh aro laughingly accepted, and they danca with less clumaiuesg and more grace than the rest. Among the spectators in the boxes are two or three exquisite little magics of children. One curly-pated Louis XIV., of.perhaps the ripe age of three, after making frantic efforts to kiss papa with the intervening mask to prevent contact, is handed about from box to box like a big doll. In one it is the centre of attraction and wor ship to five Btalwart men; for Italian men are like women in their love of children, and you will constantly see the father performing what we consider to ba essentially womanly ofliaes for a little' child, while the mother stands by looking on complacently." There is a tiny, gold-horned, red-bodied imp, whose delight in his horns is such as one might have expected from a young fawn when ha first learned that lie could butt that bold kid with his own weapon. ' For a last word : Girgenti is now abso lutely safe; A few years ago, brigands might have* been found lurking behind tho fallen columns with the snakps and the lizards, and the long gun handy. Now you have only the lizards. The snakes have been frightened away by the throng of visitors; carsbinieri keep evil disposed men in check; and bri gandage, like the old.cult, has vanished into the dust and vapour of thingspaEt and dead. Th9 editor feels lone and miserable When he can find no joke that's scissorable , PucJc. 