"VICTORIA A3IATEOT TOTF CLOT BACE3. I Tg* C*rtyrrTTi Cc? 2£AZ» (yaw OU2. *<rTrT^r|ryg nmywwNHMT.) *Th« "Victoria Amateur Turf Club continued. their Tnwjrwg ai this <vf»pmfX>nJ and as *nT?r>if lave been erpected from tbs keen interest wish which f*a.nTfipi«i Cup has been looked forward to, nod tiie general prevalence of the racing fever at fbig period of tbe jear, there was a very large attend ance on the course. A bright son, a cloudless sky, and a cool breeze made the day a vejy pleasant on^ she 5nplt?l programme provided by the club was thoroughly enjoyed. There was probably never such a crowd on tha CanlSeld course, and the grand stand proved altogether inadequate to accomzn«jdate the viators, a large portiou of whom had to be content with the best position they could take tip on tha lawn.- Towards evening the sky began to look rbrpafpnTng1 * hut all the visitors ma naged to get away without a wettii--g. There vrere -two casualties ;dnring the day, but fortunately no injury to speak of,~eiiher to" riuers or horses, re " suited. Jim C9'n fell in the Cup. and Sir Samuel in boll over. It ended in a win for Ken Bell, aftsran er the Steeplechase. The result of the nCnp race was fa f?tTn» finTcn between hlci and the favorite. The nwrVp^ to th** admirable arrangements on •fog course was the disgraceful management of the railways, than which noshing conld have been more -unsatisfactory in every particular. I append the results z— " Ssujso —Of 100 sots ; the winner to be sold for £150 ; five furlongs. H. Oxeaham*s be Toronto, Crra, 7st fib (Gonx) 1 J. tvhhtingham*s br m Hocorn, Cvxa, 1st fib (Pov«d -.2 GL Jl'Atfieye b h Tlchborae, Gyzs, 7si Tib (Eldridge) " -.3 Sis Baron. Mistake. Seaweed, Cadland, Xaad Sbf.rk. Heltsgtida, Ariel, and Bonge et fseir also started. Setting—3 to 2 Toronto, 5 to 1 fionora. Time— levin.- tsec. The winner was bought in lor £150. olds and upwards z weight for age % the winner of any race (not a handicap) of the value of 500 eov3 to carry a penalty of 51b * of any sum exceed ing that amount, to cany n penally Of 71b ; one mile and a foriosg. 3d. Deckels b b Isoncmy. -»yrs, 9si (Qtiaa) y J. O. IrtgjTs' b h M-.Tt-a, ag^d, fist tlb (Owner) .. 2 151 B. Boberfson's b I Is on, 3rre, 1st Gba (Flddes) " — 3 Tie other starters were—Young Horatio, Sheet -Anchor; Highland Chlef^ Grace Darting, Opal, and fissori. Betting—Even on 5 to 1 Sheet .Anchor, Isonomy, Grace Darling. Time, 2mia l|see. ScesHKT Ha5x»ica2*—Of 150 sot*. added to a sweep saies of 3 sovs each for acceptor* ; for two year olds; foorfnxiengaasdahslX. J. !»»■ * l Tvttral. iSS Iflb Uw..) 1 G. L. Macdonalda br or bl f Hortense, Sit Sib (Campbell) 2 Hon: 151 Pearson's br c Bedouin, 7st 101b (Power) 3 Other starters—Epicurean. Flrebrace, Jebnsite, Dcrd Alien, Bugler, Glentwortia, Citadel, Probation, Murmur. St. Virhapl, Albert Loddoa, Julian Grav, . iroiuen ±ieece, JNcctarme. ana The Bream en destine—2tol Horiense. 5 to 1 Bedouin, C to 1 Xady LotsJ, S to 1 frointion. Time—a*sec. TpirmrTTTn Crr,a handicap of 1500 sovs t 1000 to go to the first horse. 300 sovs to the second, and 200 sots to the third. The dinner of any handicap race cl the Tains of 100 sots after the detiar&ticn; cf the «-* rry 5Th - nf rrn sriflt fa*w or any fir* of the value of 209 sovs, 72b extra; of any such race of the vain* of 590 sovs, Kibs extra. The han ditnp vre5gb± of the vrinner of the a .J C. Derby to he not less than 7st 7lb if handicapped below that ypwit Penalties net enznnlativs except where expressly stated. One (192 subs). Ail ncmscarions, acceptances, or payments to go to the ftmds of the dui *P". Strickland's b h Ben Bolt, 5yxs, 7«t Gbs (O'Brien) .. 1 B. J. Sadlelr's hi h SHretmlne, 5yis, Ssr (Robert son) .. 2 M. LonghEn's b g Britisher. aged. Sst21hj (Fallon) 3 Other starters—Coolka, Zsno. Hem us. St. John, BurrOda, Lesbia. Recall. The Levis-. Bcnnle Boon, Taxpehu Mentrnore, 31522stream, Jim Cain. First Con sul. and Is-ander. Betting—* to 1 Sdverafice. S to 1 Eoolka. Recall, Britisher; and Ben Bolt, 15 to 1 Lesbiaand St. John. After a good deal cf trouble in the start, chiefly owing to the kicking proclivities of The levite anil ^jUstrearn, the harses got away well together. St. John and Zeao being the first to ebotv their colors to th*» front. Passing the stand the first rime Boclka led, followed by Zeao. Lesbia, The Levite. Britisher, and . Rea Boltthe rest all hi a heap. Going up the hill •Rr>oTi.-^ his lead, withZeno. first Consul, 3Ieatmore, and Britisher upon close terms. At this stage Jim Cain felL and so e5T«$ctna!Iy disposed of his in the race. Recall then ran up and took Second places Boolka maintaining the lead until the far turn, when he -eras headed by Bonnie Boon, Recall and First Consul being well up. The triumph of Mr Todshanfs snare, however, was very transitory, for "fo-wrvHr-i took the lead, and Bootde Boon, after her game ypurr, was compelled to fall hack to the vev. Boolka «he lead until the straight, when Britisher Jed. followed by Bonnie Boon, The Levite. and Boolka. Coming up the straight, Britisher raced at a tremendous pace under thewhip, boi here, for the first rime, lien Bolt and Silvermiue showed their metal, and after a splendid finish Ben Bolt won by a short seek, the favorite being second, and Britisher a long neck third. Recall was fourth, Lesbb. fifth, St. John sixth, Remus seventh, and The Levite eighth. Tarpeia was last. Time, Stain -42 sec. Orxs Haki'icar SiEi2,Lzcaisz, of 25<j ©o*s, added to a cweepsiaktn of 5 »ora each for acceptors. The second horse to receive 59 sovs from tha stake. About two miles and a >»^7f J. L. CJough*s b g Contingent, aged, ffct 121b (Gar diner) * ~ .. 1 S-33iner"sgg The Irishman. Cyis, list Sib pYar son) * -.2 H. Oxenham's br g Karelock, aged. lOitt (Malone) 3 Lady Avhtou. Blackthorn. Lady Carxington. Terang. Brovrn Eagle. Moonlight, Victor, Our Boy, and Sir Samuel also started. Betting—ito 1 Havel ock and Blackthorn. 5 to 1 Lady Ashton. Tenang, and Sir SamueL Time, 5 ni'm 2>i see. ' "HixdsosBaxticjo*.—Of 159 sov?. added to a sweep stakes of 3 sovs each for starters z six furlongs. J". Morrison's b o Bon Uiuvnn. 3rrs, C»t lllbs (Johnstone) .. 1 S. Miners ch h William aelL Cjts. hst 51b (Olds).. 2 E- Oxenham's b g Toronto, Cyrs, 7st 21b (Cony) . . 3 Twenty one horses started. Betting—C to 1 All Gold and Toronto. 7 to 1 IVHHam Tell and Straight Shot, 10 to 1 The Ghost, 15 29 to 1 others. Time— IzzdnlTsea, 