Impending Fate The Local Government Bill is in dauger of tho fato which befell it last year, and of that which has already befallen the Divisional Boards Bill. ' This may be averted by a few word;? of explanation from the Postmaster-General who leads the House. He may venture to point out that clause 5 in the bill coutaius ft cor cetsion to municipal councils, and a prevision to prevent its abuse. The con eessii n is that surplus revenue, and only turplus revenue, from waterworks, may le counted as 'revenue of the munici pality ' for the purpose of making up the total revenue of a municipality with a view to fixing its borrowing power. The clause could hardly be written clearer. Its first subsection says that waterworks revenue, less than or equal to the amount necessary to cover working expenses and repay ments of principal with interest Bhould not count when the borrowing power of a liiunicipality is in questfon, but that its surplus revenue ' shall ; ' perhaps ' may ' would have been better. The third subsection, saying that ' except as aforesaid the revenue derived from wateiworks shall not ba taken into con aid cration in estimating the annual re venue of a municipality,' is pure sur plusage, put in to pacify weak con sciences. Having said what are the two ways in which waterworks revenue ' shall ' be regarded it was not neces sary to Bay that it should not boregarded in any other way. Coming to clause S, it provides ways in which water works revenue 'shall' be expended, and not otherwise. The two primary ways are in defraying working expenses and in repayments of principal with interest. Should there, after these payments have been made, be a surplus, a municipal council will have the option of doing one or both of two things, but under the above restricting words it must do one of them — namely, of adopting a, higher scale of repayments, or of ex tending their waterworks. Because surplus revenue from waterworks may be counted as municipal revenue to determine the borrowing power of a municipal council, a majority of mem bers in the Legislative Council appear* to think that that surplus may be spent for ordinary municipal pur poses. With subsection 3 in clause 5, and tho restricting sentence at the end of the preamble in clause 8, there is not the slightest pro bability that any municipal council could even think of so using the money. The Council's desire to repeat the words ' and not otherwise' at the end of clause 8, shows their anxiety to be quite safe; but with all respect we point out that they are in error, and that if it were done the legislature might be laughed at. At the same time it was not necessary over this subject to raise the ghost of the constitutional question. One striking duty of the Council is to see that measures aTe con sistent with themselves, that they are framed so as to accomplish the purposes they had in view. In the view of the Council these additional words are necessary to affect the purpose of the Assembly, and must be assumed that they have been inserted for that purpose and no other. If Mr. Gregory had stated the case in that way, and had ,kept silence about preventing municipal boards from misusing the money, even the Speaker might have passed the matter over. It is to be hoped that the Council will submit to be courteously advised that they are under a mistake in their reading of the clauses in dispute. 