AUSTRALIA!) TALES AND No. NELL BRYCE. nr robt. r. wiimvoRtn. “ You noticed that tall, handsome woman I oalled your attention to in tho nsylum to day ? * queried my friend Dr. SIrcintosh, as wo sat in his oozy dining-room ono day, smoking the post prandial cigar over a glass of generous wino. By tho way my friend i3 famous for his cellar, and deservedly so, as I kavo reason to know. I had that day visited the Dunedin Lunatic Asylum with him, and he had whispered me to observe ono of tho patients, whtoh I had accordingly done without attracting her notice. She was a yonng woman, not more than twenty- five or six I should say, and had that in her appearane which struck mo as being extremely remarkable. She was, rs the doctor said, "tall and handsome," very handsome, singularly beautiful I. Bhculd have expressed it, but with a weird kind of beauty that almost oreated a painful sensa Her hair and eyes were dark, and the latter large and lustrous, but with that weary, vacant, far away look, that tells eo surely either of somo groat unforgotten trouble, or more pitiful still, of a wreoked mind. She sat quite still, speaking to no ono, noticing no one. Still and motionless, except for a nervous play of the hands, a kind of ceaseless, and to me, unmoaning in tertwining of the fingers, ceaseless, at all events so long as I saw her. I replied that I had remarked her, and was greatly struck with her appearance. “Poor creature,” said my friend gently, ** oho ia nlnravR likfl that. DPtfCOtlv ClUlGt. Bnd she is always like that, pcrfeotly quiet, and yet absolutely, hopelessly mad. Her’s is a sad, very sad story, should yon like to hear it?" “I should of all things,” I replied, and then 1 learnt the Btory of Nell Bryce. “ Six years ago,” said the dootor, “ there wasn't a man, woman, nor ohild for twenty miles round 'Palmerston who didn’t know, or who, at all events, hadn’t heard of, Nell Bryoe. She was the daughter of Dan Bryce, a well to do settler living on his extensive farm between Palmerston and Moeraki, and was unquestionably the belle of that part of New Zealand, not only on acoonnt of her re markable beauty, but also of her wit, spright* liness, grace, and good nature. Not a yonng fellow all over the country side bnt would, so to speak, have gone through fire and water to win a smile from her, while to enjoy the favor of her hand in a dance was felicity indeed. It needs hardly be said that she was in gTeat request at all the little feasts and merry makings in the district, and, in fact, no ball or party, wedding, or christening was looked upon as very mneh, unless Nell—everybody oalled her Nell—Bryce waB present, and the happy swain who, for the time, sated as her esquire, was as cordially envied as he was hated by bis less fortunate rivals. Light-hearted, full of girlish fnn, quiek at repartee, sauoy, somewhat coquettish even, as she was, there was another and deeper side to her character, unknown, perhaps, to herself, a latent strength of will and. fixity of purpose, which it only needed cironm atances to develops. There is no doubt that she might have pioked and ohosen at will for a lover, had she so chosen, amongst the best and wealthiest yonng fellows far and near, bat Bhe laughed at them all, and so far was, as the saying goes, “feney free." 01 conree she had lovers,or would-be IoverB, by the score, with whom she danced, sang, drove, rode, and flirted generally, bat when it oame to real, right down love making in earnest, ehe would none of them, paoked them of! incontinently, one after the other, with a flea in their ear. But the pitcher that goes too often to the well is enre to get broken. A handsome yonng fellow named David Cameron, the son of a farmer on the Waikouaiti Downs, was noticed to be more specially favored than the rest of her suitors, and, in short, ere long, be was acknowledged as her accepted Bnt there were complications. Old Dan Bryce her father, who bad allowed her to have her own way in most things, had some notions whioh were not altogether peculiar. He was a fairly wealthy man, while tho Camerons were not by any means wealthy. Then again, old Cameron, though poor, was as proud as Luoifer, and was not inolined to sanotion a marriage in whioh, as he put.it, 11 the laddie osnna bring maut for tbe lassie's meal.” Old Dan Bryoe flow into ft moot onoon< H-jionabie passkn when tho thing was hinted at. “Av coorse, Aileeu, my lady,” said be, “ ye’ll do jist as ye loike, ycz always do, but niver will ye get my consiut, nor a farden of my money navther, until that ould Scotoh nsgur puts down pound for poned wid me. And that’s tho prico of Daniel Bryce; more betoken that’s poethry, and so there ye have both rhyme and razon.” Now neither Nell nor David were exactly fools, and although love in a cottage is all very pretty in your school-girl romances, still the hard practical reality is another matter, and they both knew that well enough. And young Cameron was an honor able fellow, who could not bear to think of dragging down a wife; and such a wife, to a life of poverty and domestic drudgery. They must wait for better days. He would go to the diggings on the Arrow and the Shotover, where men were picking up gold galore, and after a time, when he had made a pile, would return again and claim her for his bonuie The old, old, story. They plighted their troth, swore vows of eternal fidelity, and parted. That is the end of many Etories, but not of mine. Time went on. Nell heard from her lover now and again. He was on the Cardrona doing well, making money fast. So ho said, and it was true. Ho and his mate3 had struck rich gold, and in a little while, a few months perhaps, he would come back to her he loved eo truly. This episode in her life was a sealed book between her and her father. He might have suspected, but he eaid nothing, nor did Bhe. Time still went on, and he was still doing well. He would start back in two months ho wrote, in a month, in a week. Ob, blissful news. His share came tn something over £2000, most of it he had in cash, some in gold. He would start in three days, he would bs with her in a week. In a week. In seven days. How those days lagged. Would the week never be over ? Alas! alas 1 Better for her if it never had. The road, or rather track, for made road there was none, from the Cardrona was up the river as far as Boundary Creek, then over the range and down the Kirtle Burn to tho coach road whichruns through tho dark rooky defile known as theKaw&rrn; Gorg-’, a defile celebrated for the wiki savagery of its scenery even in that land of mountain and of flood, of gloomy pass and rocky fastness. From tho Cardrona, under Crnffcl Peak, David Cameron, bidding farewell to his mates, started. The track, hard to find, and harder to keep, had no terror for him, for in his belt he bore the wealth he had striven so hard to attain, in his heart ha carried tho picture of the fair face wailing for him in the South, and the dismal purple gray of tho stark mountains round him was rose- tinted by the sun of hope and love that illuminated his desolate path. Hfl started, elate with joy and bright an ticipation of haloyon days to como, and was heard of no more until— Tiro week passed, weeks passed, and he made no sign. The sun rose and tho Bun sot,tbs moon waxed and the moon waned, and ho was yet missing, and hope, long de ferred, faded out of tho heart of tho weary, weary watcher, and a3 it did, so faded the light out of her eyes. Hcp9 after hopeless hope, then uncer tainty, thejj fear. And still no word. At last naws name, terrible news. A party of diggers bound for the Cardrona,had missed the track, and at the foot of a huge rock abutting on the Kirtle-burn had oome on tho remains of a murdered man, evidently mur dered, for plaia to bs seen in tho forehead of the bleached skull, were two clearly defined bullet holes. His clothing, torn by the hawks and keas, was in rags, and there was no sign of money or other valuables on bis person. The coroner came up from Cromwell, dua enquiries were made, and a verdiot “ a man believed to be David Cameron found murdered by some porBon or persons unknown" re corded, and tho poor remains wero interred in tho wilderness where they had been The police were eet at work to discover the murderers, but with no avail. Perhaps they did not troublo themselves in the matter ove» much, and so the thing died out. The bodies of diggerB found dead in the bush were not so uncommon as to create more than a nine day’s wonder. And bo the thing died out, and Nell Bryce, the bright, sparkling,light-hearted Nell Bryce, was left with a shadow, the dark shadow of a widowed love, on her life. For a time ahe was as one stupefied. She went to and fro listlessly, eo performed the household duties on her father’s farm almost unooneciously, she lived, but, as it were, in a dream. Then came the awakening, the bitter awak ening to the full extent of her bereavement, and with it the reaotion. It was as if his blood wero crying to her from the ground. Her brow grew stern, her supple mouth hard, her bright eye wild and haggard. She had but one thought, and on it she brooded day and night. Rsvengo 1 Revenge I on those who had slain her beloved. She ' had read of murderers, impelled, perhaps, by some stern Nemesis, who could not but visit and revisit the scene of their crime, and_ a strange whim, a wild, mad idea if you will, took possession of her. She, where the polioo had failed, would trace the matter out, and where so likely as in the neighborhood of tho murder. One day she was miseing from her father a house. She had taken tho down coach for Dunedin, and left a letter for her father in forming him that she had gone away for a month or two, and praying him neither to geek nor enquire for her. From Dunedin she took the coach by Tuspska and the Clutha to the Clyde and Cromwell, and, so far, all trace of her was lost. And now came her. self- imposed task. Two daya after her arrival in Cromwell, the Queenstown coach set down at the hotel near the Boaring Meg in the Kawarau gorge, a dark-hatred, dark-eyed girl or woman, who had answered a standing advertisement in the local papers (tor servant girls were hard to get in those daye) lor 3 barmaid, and had been accepted. It was no sinecure, tbis place of hers, for the house, on the main road to and from the Wakatipu gold-fields, was -mainly kept going by the numerous diggers passing to and fro, and, many of them, “ knooking down ” 8B is, or was, the wont of their tribe, their hardly won wealth. In her the landlord and landlady soon fonnd they had a treasnre, for. Mary Joyce— so she had named herself—whilo willing and obliging to the rough customers, knew how to hold her own, and had a way with her that kept even the rowdiest diggers at a dis She was quiet,reserved, but invariably civil and obliging. Vet there was something about this pale, silent girl that nobody could make out. She was ever watchful, ever observant, ever seemed to be expectant of something that never came. And so the days melted into weeks. Ol all the visitors to the hotel there was one who seemed to puzzle her. Ho waB a tall, cadaverous, ill-looking, meanly-dressed fellow, who used to hang about the place for two or three days at a stretch, then go away for a time, and return again to hang about as before. He seemed, like her, to be expecting some one who never came. On him she kept, for some reason she could not explain to herself, a constant and wary eye, watehing his incoming and outgoing, those he associ ated with, and listening, when she could without being onserved, to his conversation. Bat all to no purpose. She had loarht, could leara,nothing. Absolutely nothing. Patience, patience, weary heart. The end would come, did come, and in tins wise. One aiternooD, this man, whom they called Joe th9 hatter, was standing at the door, lounging lazily against the jamb, smoking, she watching b'im as usual, when ebe saw him suddenly start, flush up, and turn into the bar-room. Presently a Btout ish, red-whiskered man entered from the load, and throwing down a pound note, loudly de clared his intention oi shouting for all hands, Eome sis or seven men who ware driuking at the bar. She quietly served the drinks, keep ing her attention fixed on the two the She eaw the tall man had paled, and that his hands and lips were trembling nervously. The new-comer, who was somewhat the worse for liquor, was very noisy, and was boister ously calling for more drink, which the land lord, who had como in, was only too ready to serve. , , , Then the tall man, who had sidled np to the stranger suddenly took the opportunity oi whispering something into bis ear,^some thing which apparently had the effect of sobering bim at once, for he too turned pale and staggered as if he had been struck, “What d’ye mean,” he shouted savagely, “ and who are you, anyhow?” " Como outside and I’ll tell you. I ve something for your private earsonly/* said Joe the hatter significantly,and with a sinister glance into the other’s eyes. He could not meet the look. He was evi dently cowed. “ Excuse me for a minute, mates, he said, with forced hilarity, “ this man has a little business with me. Fill ’em up again, Boss; I’ll be back presently,” and the two went out. . . What meant this fluttering at the girl s heart ? Had the end come ? Intuitively she felt it had. Was she ready? Excusing herself to her employer, she flew to her room, unlocked her box, and took something from it, then stealthily left the hou«e the back way. Concealing herself as well as she could, she crossed the yard toward the stable, where sho conjectured the men had gone. She was right. They were there, and conversing in a low tone. Sho stole noieo lessly round to the door, where, herself un seen, sho could hear every word. “ It’s no use your denying it," tne rasping voice of Joe the Hatter waB saying, “ I know you Ned Peters, if that’s your real namo. I saw’you do it. I saw you shoot down David Cameron as plain as I see you now. Two shots you fired, one from behind the rock, and one when he was down, to make sure, I saw you tako his belt, and drag him off the track behind that big boulder in the creek. I’d have tackled you there and then, but you wero armed, and I wasn’t, and I reckon you’d have shot me too- Do you deny it ?" “ I can’t deny it. You’re too strong for me. I did kill David Cameron, and now what—Ha 1” What was it? A vision of a girl’s white face, a sharp report, a whiff of pungent smoke, a ory of 11 Blood for blood,” and the murderer fell on his face. dead. A rush of feet, pale, frightened men look ing in over tho threshold at the prone body, and, standing over it, motionless as a statue, a tall girl in biaok, her teeth set, her eyes gleaming with a strange light, one hand clenched, and in the other a still smoking ^ They spoke to her, but she did not answer. They touched her, bat elio did not move, Nell Bryce was mad.” ■' i No one who has looked into life with honest eyes can have failed to discover that it derives untold values from the love which welcomes its dawn, attends its growth, and advances step hv step and soothes and cheers its old age. Human love is itself a pearl of great price. How it enlarges, enriches, and ennobles lifel What beneficent ministries it conducts 1 What patient heroism and severe seif-suppression it inspires 1 In a mother it is faith, and hope, and patience, and effoit, and victory. In young hearts it is a transforming gladness, an awakening to the responsibility and the rapture of life. In manhood and womanhood it is the balm of care, a refuge in temptation, and a source of serenity. I have been more and more convinced, tha more I think of it, that in general pride is at tho bottom of all great mistakes. All the other passions do occasional good; but whenever pride puts in its word, every thing goes wrong; and what it might really be desirable to do quietly and in nocently, it is morally dangerous to do proudly. A man may be a miser of his wealth; ho may tie up hi3 talent in a napkin; he may hug himself in his reputation; but he is always generous in his love. Jjdvc cannot stay at "home; a man cannot keep it to himself. Like lightning, it is constantly travelling. A man must spend it, must give it away. ,Tbe time for reasoning is before we ap proach near enough to tho forbidded fruit to look and r.dmiro it. a s a in & a t. All sounds are hushed, save for lbs fretful Of some young bird, too crowded in its Tho verynir isetill, the tired leaves droop— And oach wild thing is steeped m perfeot Afar, I Ece the towerin’ village spire Sharply deGncd against the midnight sky. While, startlingly, tweis’o solemn strokes, ana slow, , Proclaim tho hour oE dread and mys*ery* Am I, alas 1 tho only waking thing— Goaded by thoughts too desperate for Bleep l Not even a ghost to keep me company, In this stern vigil I am forced to keep I We are alone, my soul, with onr despair, And yon may tell mo all the truths you will— No sophistries of laughing, bustling day . Gan stand between. U3, now the world is still. Bat wait—was I to blame? When circum stance Will hedgo the beat of men, till wild they Growi , And, like a stream dammoa up, o erepread the banks And woik destruction in their overflow 1 Oh I sonl, why should you fooliably remain To suffer in this house of narrow girth ? Note the wide spaces in the arching sky, And break the door that prisons you to earth I Let us go forth, and lcavo remorse behind, With all the haunting, taunting shapes of The world’s low jibes, the clinging memories That drive us mad with their eternal din. Wb&i;’a that you say ? We cannot thus escape, Bemorse has now become a part of you ? Is it immortal, then ? Oh 1 soul, be kind, And tell me—tell me that this not true 1 The air grows chill—with dawn the rising wind Mutters and moans amid tho startled The spire points upward—but the stars have And hope is fled—I shiver in the breeze 1 Fasxie E. Neweeiuit, 