BURROWA. NOTES BY THE GHOST. WELL, Mr. Editor, since my last paragraph news has been rather scarce; nothing of very great importance has occurred. The squatters and sheepwners are busy getting ready for shearing. Some of the stations are to commence shearing operations on Monday. We also have had some nice showers during the week, and we are having splendid weather for the crops, &c.; DEBATING SOCIETY.-The above society held its usual weekly meeting on Tuesday night last, when there was a fair attendance of members, the president (Mr. Creagh) in the chair. After some preliminary business had been gone through the chairman called upon the premier (Mr. J. R. Macdonald) to open the following debate- "Should Burrowa have a pastoral and agricul- tural society ?" which was the special business of the evening. The premier having opened in favour of, was upheld in his arguments by Messrs. B. Morgan, P. Ryan, and Carran. Mr. J. Stevenson, just for the sake of arguing the point, opened for the opposition, but was left unsupported. After the leaders had replied, Mr. J. Stevenson having declined to ask for a division, the chairman declared the debate carried on the voices in the allirmative, and also stated that since the society started the best speeches had been made that night. Readings, recitations, essays, &c.;, are down on the pro- gramme for Tuesday next. PLAIN AND FANCY DRESS BALL.-The above came off on Friday, the 8th October, in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute. The walls, &c.;, wore nicely hung with flags, bushes, and flowers, which gave the hall a neat appearance. Those who came in fancy dress were :-Miss E. Gooley, as "Night," looked very handsome, and was credited as belle of the evening; Mr. S. Preston, as a jockey, looked well; Messrs. Wm. Sargent and Curran as cricketers; footballers, Messrs. R. Bailey, J. Oxley, and W. Donlan ; volunteer, Mr. W. Hover, of Young; niggers, Messrs. J. Long and E. Long, who amused the company very much. There were several other ladies and gentlemen present in plain dress. The music was supplied by Mr. A. Hancock (piano), W. Jenkins (violin), and Mr. C. Sharlie (harp). The refreshments were as usual left to Mr. Poole, who prepared a splendid and most invit- ing spread for the occasion. Mr. J. Long acted as M.C., and discharged his duties in a most satisfactory manner. At 9 o'clock the M.C. started the merry couples, and dancing was kept up with great spirit till five next morning. As visitors were admitted at the charge of 2s for a seat on the stage, a good many availed them- selves of the opportunity, and by 10 p.m. the stage was crowded. A young man, who had a seat on the stage, thought he would like a dance with one of the fair young ladies, so he went down into the hall without paying his extra 3s for a single ticket, and had a dance round; and when he had finished one of the promoters of the ball went to the "Silver Tail" and asked him for the extra 3s, which he declined to pay. The promoter therefore told him if he tried it again he would find himself outside the hall. He then used some very unpleasant language, which, I think, Mr. Editor, was very ungentleman-like of him to say within the hearing of ladies; but as soon as the policeman's attention was called to it he quietly took his "hook." I must say in conclusion that great credit. is due to the secretary for the manner in which the arrangements were carried out. 