'x°v* ^ ta^rwrHEKa i-'L . ?B/i^vJ'- 1OT03 some one- I cannot jC^^gt^a brsre knjgbt without o {air lody.'^, C^TTtuae is none in tbis cue,' raid Miss RH/a^ 'tnr.I ii»dit['b*T8 be&i-l; of it. /If liColoritl I^nci^ere'tqYlevotc himself to liny If woman, that nbman wSfcld be for tha time; I; qattn of all famionibla London.' ? - B * -- Wb/do r ? atked-X&y; Ciril^S|-i^B66§«!d tbo ehin l|ing;wav-&. of hair forger- band, end -was If vtfc&isg.; the' golden Juje. ' 'Yotf jvould win, K Inn ewe.'- ' ?»'? _ -,.»-% , B^Einlgby slid, Isabel, carelessly ; bnt reKBotttb I have A Jgreat admiration for lOjtod J-;;m5x,hefi notthS.Jund'cff man I ?wjjtrtfQt ia lore nth oj marry, 'Jf PH^rr«p»P« noyj»*sstd LadydC&stlemalne.; P thotighiluflr; 'bnt aef2aF hero, Isabel. [ Do joaism bow the 8r« flashes from bi« eyes7 I t aboo 13 Ukeiorjpnce to foe him in a rage ; [bewauIAbeJlOiMuiing ma^niflccnt.' I ? ^ffrnnt-wr7'-';t''*i'r Interrupted Isabel. ., 'f^ebopld it, B«t, Gertrude, yon \- rail* wonlM® to -«? blrajwrnetlmes and ? taJiio iAmf'M ? ? V , ; -: *»' Yes,' anfwered Ltdy Castlemaine j ' I K|])f /UlOOtff' ' T ?' '4 . ' :--STb» *!ll you take a Jittlo adrico from jntTOtrttffo? Xoji will never »gretl», «w would like to b» .t»fM*ailr too* with Cotot^.Xrfcw«TJ«Bea^n» to yon* balls **» CMtlemaln* .; . . 'Aod KW *iifhaP k do »o. Horn ay. wm tSosiw 819 mm&t; ot the boose, If you g will /^SSm^jgee. Gertrude.' My OmU*'.| 'J? «' £„Wti&fab-nitMm; jwt Htfirn to tori not Xn&y; Caetlemalne, H/'Wby jwt» I»W?'= - ?„ . A/ ' J will t$U 700/ §htj$flltdt ahh? wasa strapge.pale Simile «3ood her -|[i» w. jho«unwe4.l 'I i^lWyaBtor^i^ *» yen' ^knessand do ^ pndw^Pfl^ ga«: against' uadeLady whisper of bave made : even hint pproved of If the road !'? ? ard one of ihe,7°aia rould have ►s wasted, mveyed to :eentric or id bo drew ho did not 3rld .must' a man of did not of h Rudolph Dlitlea, he ke each a mt of his ly.' m,'that is ,ve noticed - disjjke to ention'his. was by his name was rog of bis mains did n instinct, 'bnt even B Pi so, why should I care ? I do not like .all g Ul' Btidolfin's iriends, nor do I expect him to mjlike all mine.' ; ' , : Jj f'.At last— at. last 1' Isabel eonld hardly J withhold the rapturous cry that ross to her ^Ups. .? Hero /.was . the sn?all seed sown in good ygroniut^a eh& eonld bnt cheriah it, cultivate fiferwateh' |t nniii it grewinto a strong plant. -'Eat-she mnst be carefnl— her fingers must r cot grasp ? it too- tightl J,' or it would perish ..'^4he ;im&\- not 'soari it with Jbreadth of r flaniiemritwdnlddie.'/ r : v .'! Noj she replUd, slowly, ' that is quits an s Texploied idea— iadesd, tte CUflsm&ine; idea !|^if.mai- unony is altogktheront of date, J Hub-. Fbaad and wife in ths'se dfiya'chooie their re jf-speotive friends and go. each in his or her 8 own way-' % ''I would never choose a friend . whom ' ®TEadoIph did not like thongh,' said Lsdy tr.Oastlemaino. v V j little Eeed you are hardly ? strong ^enough to plant at present 1 ; J ;? ?.Of course not,' said Isabel, ' and this ia ?/why I am intruding my advice uppn you. If L yon were to go to Lord Castlemaine-now, and say to him, ' I have met Colonel Lennox, and | I like him, I Bhonld like him ta be invited to , l|hs house,' he would, with oill the CaEtle ! mkino obstinacy, rsply that ha did not like . . him. decline to invite him, and.there -would at once be civil war. Yon Bea that,; Ger trude ?' '. Yes,' Bhe replied, thoughtfully, ' I ssa it, . Isabel.' t ' ? ' Whereas, if you.are oarsful and quiet tor A^ahort time, you need not have one word on ft: ? Ssubject.!' - T ^' Bu' what is your advioe?' asked Lady « astlemaine. 'You havo not given it to me ? at.' ' \- Bssolute as she was, her lips paled and the' C lands that held the shining golden hair ? 'trembled, as Bhe answered. r \-- 'I should cultivate a friendship with Colonel Lennox without your husband know-, ing it; not for long, just for ;a few dayB or weeks. Then, when you know him pretty well, and have established your friendship, your husband will ..take it as a matter of course, and there will be nothing said.' . '?? That seems to me a weak argument,' said Lady Castlemaine. ' Still as you- are » ..generally right in what you think, f will be gnidgd-by fou. But then, Isabel, Budolph is alwayijDUt with us.' . 'Not^Uwayo. You often, drive alone in the park ; at afternoon tea Lord Castlemaine is seldom 'present; he has his club engage ments ; you go at times to balls without him, and sometimes to the opera.' ! 'I did not know that I was so often' parted from him,' said the young wifo, half ? sadly. Isabel Hyde had the sense to know that she bad said enongh. She was wise enough to know that 1 another word would make Lady. . Osstlemaine-espouse her husband's cause, and refuse the friendship nf a man whom he did not like. She turned the conversation io qnito another subject, but she knew from the ex pression ot thought on the beautiful face that the Eeed she had dropped had fallen on good ' ground. | - . ' ; No truer or qlore faithful wife lived than *jady Castlemaine ; she bad no thought, no interest, no*care away from her husband ; she ' loved bim with true and tender love. But there was just a spice of romance here thai captivated her fancy — to form a friend aW with this magnificent man who was a .jOfBt bozo. Thero was a gleam : of romance £niit, and ehe bad not the faintest idea ot evil or harm. She was to make friends with H5m first, and tell her husband afterwards, when she knew bim well. babel talked to her of the coming masque rade to be held at Baneleigh House, to be given by tho Duchess of Baneleigh, and whioh was to bo th* leading fete ot the season. ' Havs you decidca abont costume yet ? ' she fisked* 'No ; I have nothegun to think of it Mt. Should we go as Bebecca and Bowena, Isa bel?' .. t ' With only ono Ivanhoe between us, she replied, laughingly. ' ' Ob, no, Gertrude, we must think of somotbing better than that. fibo did not fall asleep till morning dawn ; for in her fancy, all night long, she was watching tho growth of tha little seed slip bad sown. . ? ' ? ? CHAPTER XXV. ? ? ' ' ? TOE anowin or the sbid. ' During tbo next few days, no matter where Lady Castlemaine went or whom she met, tbo conversation always turned on Colonel Lennox, bis bravery, and bis adventures, . : ,^fh6ni&Q;'d&y;'A vfoD-3orbiuiiio»o«4 oo${ M Wit* still a great hero. ... ? a nex jscandftl bad bfi^n told of.iilio, ana .{tffrfl vtra tamo pcopte wbo believed that ro»o* b»4 beeu exsggsraftd. Orw tWng wM quite certain— any Isay whom be admired baj cams tbe fashion.. He was an authojlty on the subject ol feminine beauty, as on .poutlos 'sodwat#' ' ' . At first 'people did not notice' bla devotion (0 Lady Casttainaloe, At first they .met but rarely, Lord Castlemaine was lis wife's shadow; be w»» still too- wrcij In lovo with her to be happy for OM moment when be was ; away from tar ; bo dlsllkod all thoio engago meats (hat kept him /row ber side, but there ' were HmSs when it was quite unavoidable; Jt did not strike Ltdy Castlemaine, cither/ bow strange it w« that whenever she went 1 out without, ber husband tbo owner wm by ^Lsrd'cwtlsmslns cootd no| go to tbo pjoutb to ssy !'£-m-by ' to.WJpla - ttiMbadMfire^rd^^M**'' re^rs«en| ? '*LadyCastlemalna looltf^MPyt' ally cb arming, Hbe wore a white slllt. rfohlr 'eimiroldered.wilh fins pearls md 1'lmmed with sprays of white joscsr slw worse wblto rotelruds round tbo psck of fto® } lovely whlto row# tbo Mwjof tyniUi p^stM^, ; Jn the coQs of golden hair. A general nnn .mur of admiration followed. her entr&noe; into the trowded ballroom \- The costumo ot tbe Red Boss was -quite as great a sutciss. The duk, passiinato beauty of Isabel' IljdS had never Showed to such advenisge is ib the exijaiaifo dliss'of t4fi- | rose silk, and ftsdSbortfta tflmmlflgs of deep red: roses. She wore 'a small wreath oil damask roees in her hair.- »' ? ' ' Soalsty smiled at seeing its two favourites in fheir last year's characters. Two mora i beautiful women never enterrd a ball-room. Strang? to sat, altheuH^on {be Sltflrdsy morning, when:{bey m'etjC-flonel Lennox told Lady Castlemaine. he soRfld- hot be at the ball, theTe he was,! advancing to meet her, with a smile on that bdUyhindaoffle face of hie, before which, it glib 'had1 been a wiser woman, Bhe would have Aid, or dUd. She was surrounded, as usual, by a little crowd of courtiers; he to wired above them all. , ? . . ? \- He took thc-jeweled tablets from her hand in his most gfaectdl and courtly fashion. 'I mean to be eel&3- to-fligbti'he said; and Lad} C!istlemSiUe saw that he' had placed his name ag&iuSt; every waltz. She shook her blonde he&d; gf&vely; at him, aud what he thoagbt the fifflillifity of the graceful geCturo intoxio&ted; him. There was h spice of romaace Sbout^it all that amused her; it was tbe old Story of Heriulcs and ths distaff, of Cleopatra azl^ Mark Antony, over again. To the fimini^| mind, tbcre will always be something ful in the conquest of Strength and biavery. . Lady Ctatlcinaine hid not tbe - JAi£test suspicion of ovil. -She bid rrgtetted Vith moet bitter regtit thftt ber husbind had not been able to accompany, her; but there was something of romance in the Met (hit every time the mtis:c of a waltz sounded this splendid colonel immediately sought ber. She had no ideaiof doing anything that was in.tho'least degree imprudent or unseemly; but; he charmed lierveo that Bho forgot everything elee,iand longed for bis conversation again. There was never a wooer so eloquent aa he. He told ber stories, anecdotes, adventures, come full cf rollicling faft, some of infinite pathos— all pure as thraih he had been con vening with an angri. But tb^y interested and ammed her ; and when be left, she looked forward with eagerness to thUr next inter-, view. . ?' He darced with her so often this evening, and mHde hiras-t-lf po conspicuous by his de votion to her, that laiib&l; thought it prudent to adn/inister a warning. It would not Kin fur Btranre or untrained hands to force this seed, which she bad sown with Buoh care. ' Gertrude,' Bhe whispered, ' I would not dance again with Colonel Lennox.' -. ' Why !' Bhe asked, impatiently. ' The reason is obvious,' said Miss Hyde. 'That was your thitd waltz, and people are beginning to look at JOu.' ? ' 'To look at me 1' cried Lsdy Castlemaine. 'What for? Why should they look at me?' Isabel Hyde shrugged her shoflldefs. 'You know how. people talk,' she said. ' Suppose that to-morrow some one jests be fore Lord Castlemaine about the number of times you have waltzed with that handsome ooloneL You would not like it ?' ?' No,' ehe replied, slowly. ' I might not like it, but I do not see that it oould matter mnehJ' . . ? . ? As it was in this case, bo in every other; no matter wbers she appeared, there, sooner or later, came Colonel Lennox. ' I could almost believe,' she said, laugh? ingly, to bim one morning, ' th&t; you must reoeive a telegram from the birds to say when and where I am goifig.' ?_ She did not notice the SuddSh flush on his face, nor the Still more suspicions faot that Isabel Hyde had turned quickly aside, aB though she did not care to hear the words. .Twice when she was out in the park, once at a garden party, and onoe at the Zoologioal Gardens, she had met him when she waa with Isabel ; and he- hid made so much of these oca&6i-ni that she began to look upon him as an old friend., She had never' meant any conoealment, any . disguica, any deoeit ; least, of all had ehe -thought in any way of keeping secrets from her husband; she had merely carelessly fol lowed Isabel's words— not to speak to her husband just at first about it. She was too young and too guileless of heart to think much ot it, or to seb any evil in it. Bhe was now on quite friendly terms with hitn. She had mSt him twice at Lady Cres bou's at five p'clock tea, and they talked on until Lady Castlemaine had been oompelled to drive home quickly, and bad a very narrow escape of being late for dinner. She was less on her guard now, and after dinner, during a long conversation which took- place on the different atAtions ot men, their different employments and professions,. Lady Castlsmaine said, suddenly : 'I like soldiers best. If I were a man, I would neither be a lawyer, a doctor, a poli tician, nor anything else, but a soldier.' It was curious how strange a silenoe fol lowed this remark. Lord Castlemsine looked at his wife. 'You have few opportunities of studying the different professions, Gertrude. .What makes you say that?' ^ She waa conscious in One moment ot her own indiscretion, and bastfned to oover it. ?' Soldiers arc. heroes,' she said. Lord Castlemaine laughed. Yes, they were quite good friends now. They, met with smiles, parted with regret thought with pleasure of the next interview. On her side. thus was nothing but the feeling of greatiinterest, of quiet amusement, of -hero worship. On bis, tbere- was the oonsolous nesa tbat be lond for the first time in his life, and with all tho desperation ol a man's first passion., ' Verily, tbe little seed was growing, and would soon be astrong plant I ' \- Then ha became impatient to sea more* ol her, and that oould not be dono unless' he knew ber husband, and oould oall at the ljbnse. , 1 . 11 The, Lady, of Neath.' be called her in bis own mind, and he wished tbat tha days of chivalry were hack again, tbat be mfgbt pro claim himself ber knight, light for ner, -die tor h srf All bis past wicked life seemed to rise up In .vengeance against bim, now tbat bo w earnestly.. and deepen loie. Wbai 0. wretched past, i{bat sbamtful memories, what - borrlble rsniwnbranccBl' ^ 'But she will never know,' be sald ta him self, '.ty one will ttU ber. In ber bMutlfut era I shall al*sys be a groat hero, and I do rtronom'oro.' . . . But bo must soo her ofteneri bs copld no longer bwr that » whole twenty-four hours should piss without ono glimpse At ber,- - 'I should like to know Lord CMtlomalne,' bo said to ber, ono day, 'Nothing would be esiler,' she replied, 'Will you Introduoo mo, Lady CMtlo malne ? ' no asked,. ? ; Yes 1 1 will, wltb plsasurs,' shs replied, , . 'OTroio'oIosk tea ls quite an Institution ?} 'Nsatb Bouis— will yon oall to- morrow *nd take a cup with us 7' - „ . » I shall be moslohsrmed and happy,' bo replisd, 'Itls tbo dsslre o( my b«ul 10 visit ypubono/' . Amlo« *iittht frowo on her foos w*rns4 ? «l bar* been told,' m oontlniiM, «tba* Ssatb Bousois om o» tlU fln«t rosns ons to town, Mid XjUdmJie bsauHf ul bsflwi, / 'A rtmpgi twte lot moMW' «J»«pU»a, and more familiar tb&n; they bad ever been Sfie was pleased at the idea that he Bhould visit her, pleated that he should wish to know her husband -w but tbere was no tir. - to eptak of it. V That evening shs went to two different balls, and in the morning She waa -too tired to re member it. She had bees anxious to tell Isa bell, but in the varied engagements of the day she forgot ail about it.' As events turned out, it did not much mat-, ter, bnt it is possible (bat if she had told her husband that morning who was to bo her guest in the evening, a tragedy might have been averted. . ' ' CfiAPTEB XIVI. A five o'clock tea* The drawing-room at Neath House was a magoifioent room. It ran along the .whole length of the building ; it had six largo win dows that opened into a balcony, which was always filled with fblrest fiswers, all the flowers (hat Lady Castlemaine liked best small clusters of wbi-e lllaos, the lovsly nar cissus, the white daphne, the white rose; white was to be eeen everywhere. It was a rooui bright as sunsl^ne, fiowsrs, light, and magnificence 'could mike it. The firo o'clock tea St Neath House was an Aistitutiou, but Lidy Castlemaine was very Varticular as to who attended. The invitets ^ere all: her own/particular and intimate friends, and sh£ was much beloved in general society. fihe.efijsyed 'sooial life. To Bee herself surrounded by fair young girls', .by witty and piquant matrons, was a pleasure to her. She ' enjoyed these little -reunions. She liked to hear the last anecdotes, the last new novel disoussed, the last, new fashion commented upon; the newest engagement, the lust fash ionable marriage— all were conned over with many a merry laugh and jest. The ladies wore Buoh pretty dresses, the colons wero so beautiful,. the sound of the silvery voices and laughter-'was so sweet. -.Lady CkStlemaifie's teas were famous; those who had been once longed to go again. Oh this evening, when Colonel Lennox was to pay his first visit to -the house, Lady Castlemaine looked more' lovely than nsaal. She was'thi&king; a littffi of him when eho ahose that most exquisite ot tea gowns, which was a combination of pale-blue velvet and white satin. It was impossible to tell where one began and the other ended. Oa her golden hair lay the loveliest little picture of a oap ; her white hands shone with jenelj. , The little table before her was a poem in. itself; the old-fashioned stiver servinc, the Sevres cbina, delicate and beautiful as flowers the fragrant tea, with thiak, rich cream fresh from the country; and Lady Castlemaine, while Bhe dispensed tea with he'r -own f&ir; .hands, led the conversation. She was the wittiest, tbe quickest at repartee in all tbat brilliant band of beautiful women. Isabel Hyde wore a tea gown elaborately constructed of favn-eolored velvet and rose ^ink Bilk, i the soft tints of which made her facs look tbe brighter. There was only one drawback to the perfect happiness ! of the beautif al mistress of that splendid house as she sat there, and -it was that her husband was absent. All her favo rite friends were present. Miss Hyde, who was still visiting Neath House ; the young and most (vivacious Countess of Erksdale, who. oould -talk twice as much and twice as long as any other lady ; there was the beauti fnl sad bright young matron, the Dachas of Westwater, who had tbe candid bine eyes of a obild, with a mind fall of wit and mischief ; there was the sweet-faced, sentimental Lady Buchanan, who thought nothing more sub stantial than flowers w»th discussing ; Lidy Eastlake, the leader of the testhetio school, who almost died Of a sucfl iwer and went into ecstacies over a lily; there was the lively and : ooquettish youn' Muchioness of Heathers, [ who i made war all round, her eyes, like arrows, pierced tho hearts ot the men who gized upon her, and she had nothing what ever to offer them by way of consolation ; there was Miss Grantly, the famous heiress, who never opened her moutli but to utter an epigram ; there was the famous poet, Oswald Clyde, the writer of tho last new poem, wbich had driven! the poetry-loving portion of the publio mad. . . . ' Neither wit, wisdom, nor beauty was want ing, and Lsdy Castlemaine, as she graoefully dispensed the Sjvres cup', Beemod to hold all the threads of the conversation in her own hands; it ! was she who pointed the fhurp arrows of wit ; it was she who called forth the thoughts and ideas of others ; it was Bhe who seemed to bring her visitors more to gether, mind to mind. Isabel looked at her with eyes of envy. 'I should have been just suoh another hostess,' ehe said to herself, 11 if these rooms bad been mine, as they ought to have been.' \-- There was a slight stir when Colonel Len nox waa announoed. Most of tbe ladies knew him well. - The Duchess of Westwater admired him, and her blue eyes were never more beautiful than when they were raised With the candor of ohilclhood to his. Lady Eastlake sighed at the mention of his name ; there was nothing 01 tbe rcatbctivabout bim. The Marohioness of Heathers delighted in him ; she liked his. stories, his adventures, and not being one of the most scrupulous of womankind, did not dislike him any the more for his oharaoter ot a gallant man. s ' Colonel Lennox looked neither to tho right nor to the left ; he went to the beautiful hos tess, found a seat by her side, and asked for a cup of tea from her handB. She gave it to him. \- Ha enjoyed the wbols situation ; the magni ficent- room,, with its wealth of fragrant flowers ; the beautiful and witty women, the cliver men; be.enjoyod the conversation, the wit, tba repartee. , Under cover of a Renersl. laugh, raised by its Marchioness of Heathers, Isabel said to U&dy; Castlemaine : 'You did not toll me tbat Colonel Lennox was coming.' ' No,' waa tbe frank reply ; ' I forgot.' Forgot I . Tbe word made Isabel shuddor. U she had indeed forgotten, evidently her mind was not filled by him; ' 11 Ha wants- to kndw Itudolnh,' she con* tinned, carelessly, ' and I thought this a very pleasant time for an introduction.' 'Thero 'oould be none better,' replied Isabel. : ?^fiOn tho table near ber lay a spray oK white UM9, tbat some careless lady had let fall from a bouquet; ebe raised it and field it to her lips | tbo words she whispered Into it were tbe same as those she had uttered In t^o church on tho wedding-day, and when she raised ber face again there was a smile on It not good to Me, ?' This must bo a lady's paradise,' said Colonel Lennox, 11 1 wonder what tbo world did before tbe luxury of tea waa discovered ?' 11 Pretty much the asms as i| does now,' ?aid Lady Heathers. 'Tbere must always have been something to drink, something cheerful and enlivening, even for savsges,' ?? Have 700 seen the famous new clelure at, tbo Aoademy, Colonel Lennox r ' . 'I have nad eo Ynany engagements,' he replied , 'thit I- bftvo'not bad lime to see one-hslf t^iat I want to see,' BaldLady Wntlftket . 'The prettiest sight I have seen Is the large grova of chestnut treei in Richmond ... s.!dltfi.nWee.^h,wn' Ui* W8''*k#'' k Colonel Lwno* tunttw-u m* 4-a*atital. .|wb- .. ' . - iV' original, thoughts of giving a dinner at Rich mond, it I could persuide.Bomo kind and gracious lady to help me.' 'Yen. would have no piffien'ly in that,' she said ; but he observed tbat ehe was care ful not to tiler her aid. !? If I am fortunate enough to succeed in my c-florta,' he said, ' yot will premise to be the queen ol my litfle festjvity ?' At almost any other tune Ehe would havr answered, 'Yes,' withodt a tboncht, birt there caire to her mind a inddcn rrc-:.-:I-jction, that until Colonel Lennox bad been iniro duoed to her husband ste could inot arcipl any encb invitation. ' I must have time to tl ink of it,' she re plied. 'I shall live on the hope of it,' he eaid. ' I am sorry LoriJ Castlemaine is not at home.' I ' ' He was sent for quite unexpectedly, two honrs ago ; he seldom misses tho tea hour.' 'I should imagipe not, for it if a very happy one,' said Colonel Lennox. He waQted, if he possibly could, to get her away from these brilliant people. -It was tho first time he had been4it her bouse, and ho wanted to make a sentimental occasion' of it, and the had no notion ofj tbe kind. How earnestly be wished these pretty women would put down their teacupB and go. Surely there had been tea enongh 1 Fof a few minutes he almost -hated Lady Heathers, whose viva oions anecdotes kept every [one in continued laughter. ? J . i If {ney would but go I Is was his first visit to tho house, and he wanted to say aBfew words to her. Ho'w was it possible? The great poet sat silently watching liirn, feeling sorry in his heart to see Colonel (Lennox -on -such friendly terms with beautiful . Lady Castle maine. . I ' He knew him, knew- the truth of all the stories that were told about- him, knew what his reputation really was. j ''If I had a young and lovely wife like tbat,' he said to himeelf, j' Colonel Lennox would find no place in my drawing-room.' But then he waa a poctj and' poets take strange views of things. j ^ Then, tolgte colonel's great relief, Lady Heathers rose, one or two others followed her example, and a' small laughing group made for the door. The poet remained ; he had seen the impatience on that bold1, handsome face, and he understood. [ 'This is one ot his old tnoks,' he said to himself; 'he wants to talk! to Lady Castle maine, and he wishes we will all go away. - I, for one, shall not oblige him.' The colonel staid and thejpoet staid, until IsabelHyde.with her usual quickness, guessed '?t tbe situation and came tc tho rescue. She Vrent up io him : 'I Havo you seen Lady Ciistlemaine's por trait? ' she asked. ' Millais only finished it lutt week.' No, he had not seen it, but, should, of course; be delighted'; and M es Hyde led him to Jhe library, where the pic ure hung. The colonel blessed her in his heart ; then he turned quickly to his bcautit ul hostess. 'I am so glad to havo a chance of saying one word to you,' be eaid, hurriedly. ' I \- thought they would never go.' ' ' 1 did not want them to go,' she Baid; coldly. I 'I did,' he cried. 'I wanted to tell you what an infinite pleasure thi i, my first visit to yon, gives mo.' She laughed a proud, carel iss laugh'that cut him like a knife. 'I do not see,' Ehe said, 'why you wish my friends gone, in order thai you might make a simple speech like that.' ' Give me something to remember it by? ' heaeked. j - ' Give me the rose you bave worn all. the afternoon.' . | She looked at it, then nt him. ' I think not,' Ehe replied j; ' tbe giving of a flower means much or little ; in the first ease I should not give .it, in the second it would not be worth having.'| Later on in the evening, Isabel Hyde jtood by htr dressing room fire; she slowly polled out the leaves of a white rose and watched them shrivel and burn in tbei flame. CHATTER XXVII. ? 3 LADY DEXHAX'S MASQUEBADE. In fashionable life one gayety- succeeds another so quickly tbat here is hardly time for any entertainment, however splen did, to make much impres: ion ; but Lady Denbam'a masquerade was quite another affair. It was to be held at Denham House, and was the fete of the season; the memory, of it was to live in the' mind qf man. Denbam HouBe waa well suitod for an enter tainment of this kind ; the suite of rooms that opened into the ball-room was magnificent ; the ball-room itself opened into a large and lofty conservatory, that led | again into an exquisite little fernery, a rare thing to find even in a Hyde Park mansion ; at the end of this fernery were two huge glass.' doors that opened on to the lawn ; they were all on a perfectly straight line, so. that it was pleasant to stand in the ball-room jsnd watch the orescent moon rise in tho sky. Most peopls A Question of Proprietorship. Wentworth. ' Tom this is— a— ah— gen- iieman who olaims to be the original possessor jf this skeleton.' j ' Ah— dispute as to ownership, eh ?' ' Tbat tendenoy,' anBweipd Wentworth. ' He is, in fact, a— well, a ghost.' . 'Awhat?' . ' The gentleman has been jdead for some time,' put in Smilie', tho task of explaining having scsmingly got beyond Wentworth. ' And whila alive this was his akcleton.' ' Oh, come now, Smilie, what are you giv ing us.' I ? ' ' Fact,' said Smilie, ' just tossed this ruler through him. Try it.' Fulmer hesitated. . ' It will perhaps convinoo ybu quieker than anything eiBO, and don't inconvenience mo in the least,' said thaapparitionl-FulrtieHosied the ruler, with the same reiuljas befqro.- He was very short-sighted and ue,*adj'Vted his eyeglasses and peered across' ths tablo at tho ghost, who stood impassively ns ho bad done from the first. . . ' I say, Wentworth, just strike a light will you.' » , ' . Wontworth lit the largo lamp (hat stood on top ot the bureau. The ghost appeared an ordlnnry-looklng man, dressell aa any man might bs, 1 1'ulraor, w)th oorrugated brow, gased at hlm whilo Smilie and Wentworth1 fe]t a sort of momentary prlda of ownership, ae if their possession of the skeleton gave them a kind of proprietorship In thq spectre. Tbo amleblo skeleton', . w8joa now shone white in the bright light j seemed to beam in a benevolent way on Its former owner. II Bit down,1' said Palmer, ' I hate to talk to a— person— standing,' The spectre sat down. ' Now, what use is this skeleton to jrout' began the young lawyer, his professional in. stlnat gsttfng tbe betfer ot his amassment. ?' That, 11 yon will pardon mp, Is no ooo's business but-my own. 1 may 'pay I want it , placed where I will know where to find It— or I may say th*t I don't eboose to have it re main here,- the lubjeol ot sopiting and eon. tumely.: , ? ! ' 'Ob, you're wrong there,' cud Wentwortbv ?? Wo both'bave the ureat4st«espoet farJoWT W. Ho le a guide, jihlloeopW, *ud (mud is w»W'm Inilyietof,':; , - -*#r 'Of course we do,' put in Smilie. We \- bought the body and ' John wired it.' .'I don't mean . that. The defence tdkes the ground that this particular skeleton is not toe bones of the plaintiff, but the bonss of John W. Stodgeri, diseased. Now it 'would rest with you to prove tharthis was your skeleton, and as people are not in the habit of having a private mark on their skeletons,1 1 flatter myself we would have you right at (he beginning of (he oiss.' - 'You are a very young lawyer,' replied the ghost with a Bort of a post-mortem sneer. 'It you | examine the teeth of that skeleton you will find the one on the left lower side, next the back filled with silver, and, if neces sary, I can tell yonr intelligent jnry the sort of cap that is under (he silver to cover the nerve that onoe was there.' All the yonng men looked at J. W., who, as if enjoying the point made hj its other-jself, suddenly clicked down its jaw and beamed on F aimer with its silent laugh. iWentworth took up .the lamp and looked at the lower jaw. ' Yes, Fulmer,' he said, ' that's so.' ' ' Well, we'll waive that point— We'll waive 'that point,' said the young lawyer, with ill affected airiness. j ' I think you might as well,' said, the ghost dryly. . $ 'But tho real nnb of the caw would be in this : Can a man once dead I&y;}cla-m to any part o£ the property he owned will 0 alive ? I don't recollect any parallel esse to yours ex actly, but I have some knowledge of the statutes of Michigan,' (his modestly, and I think all the tendencies Of law Would be . against' youv When a man ia dead (here is hoquestion but that his next of kin have the right to cremate, to embalm or to bury his body. They might sell it, I imagine, although that is rarely done in first-class Society. Now i' . a point I would make before a jury would Wl '* ; ' ' Ihavano wish to discuss law with you. I have demanded the Skeleton and I propose to have it whether you are willing or not.' . ? ''JuBt write that down, boys,' said Fulmer. ' He hints at burglary.' ' See here,' said Wentworth, ' you are not the man we dissected, I believe you're a fraud.' ' Do you ?'' returned the ghost. ' I'll con vince yon in 'ordSr to save myself furthei trouble. I can take any ofle's form. For instance, that of a rising l&wjer.;'. And-with that the figure before them was an exact counterpart ; of young Fulmer. The next instant the ghost was himself again. ' By jove,'' said Smilie, ' what a splendid lightning change artist he would make.' ' Say,' Baid Folmer, ' what would you take for a night at the big hall? Yoa could per sonate tbe head ot tbe University and sing, ' I want to be an Aogcl ' with spleildid effect.' ^ 'I am in no mftod for - ehaff,' skid the specter, severely. ' Finally, will you give up my skeleton ?' ' Let him hava his old bones,' said Smilie. \- 'I certainly will not,' cried Wentworth. ' Why, Smilie, I had to drill ISO holes in that skeleton. No, sir 1 J. W. Stodgers remains here.' : ' Remains is good,' said Fulmer. ** v ?' Well, Mr. Wentworth, when you get tired 0! the fight just give that skeleton a decent burial.' With that the ghost,was gone. 'So long,' cricd Smilie. 'What are you going to do, | Wentworth? It's you and the ghost, it Seems.' ' Do ? Why, keep J. W., of course'.'. Next day there was an aStoufiding charge against Wentworth. A passengar coming up from Detroit: by the early train had b&fi; met on tho road from the' station by a student exactly answering Wentworth'S dssorlption, who demanded money at the point of a pistol, and the passenger would have undoubtedly been robbedjif ttro others coming along had not frightened' tbe culprit, who esoaped. Nothing but Smilie's solemn oath tbat Went worth was asleep at the' time — it was Saturday morning, saved Wentworth. On Sunday all Ann Arbor was scandalised as it came from church by seeing Wentworth staggering along the street in|a state of beastly intoxication. The professors hauled him over the coals, and it waa in vain that he protested he had Bpent the day worthily, trying to catch fish np the river. ! ? He went home mad and, as J. W. grinned at him aa ho came in, he seized tbe ruler and smashed in the trap door jaw. The ruler did not pass through the bony part, of J. W., asit did through its spectral counterpart. Next day Wentworth was too ill to attend olaaa. Smilie left him and wended his way to college. He had just taken his seat while the Professor was jotting down dames prepara tory to a ' quiz' when an unearthly yeU at tracted all eyes to the top tier of seats that descended one by one down to the operating table. There Btood Wentworth on the back ol the highest seat. 'One, two, three, look out- for me,' he shouted, and with that he ran Bwiitly down, the backs of the seats, jumping over the stu-~ dents' heads, hopping lightly on the ' subject' that lay covered up on tho revolving plank, then sprang among the lady students who, scattered screaming, and thenoe up to the top d! the opposite tier. . 'Now lor a jump across the arena. Never attempted by anyone outside of this circus^' 'Catch him,' shouted somebody. 'He's: insane.' ; At that Wentworth made for tbe narrow'1 Btairway, Smilie and another after him. He beat then^eaaily across the campus and ent ered the door.of his boarding place. When the two students burst into tho room thoy found Wentworth sitting doefully look ins at the damaged front of Stoagers, and hirswore he had not been -out that morning. Next day! he got notice of dismissal from the University. . . As he rat by his window stubbornly refus ing to be conquered by a ghost, and yet aware that perhaps tome people would sot believe the whole story if he told it, ne saw his double on the opposite elde ot the street. ' Bj( George I' hi cried, 111 bave it out with him. If they see us both -then they'll believe my story. He seized tbe ruler and started ont. The 'ghost looked behind him, and tben It too bad a ruler in its hand. Moating the postofBce tho ghost came suddenly up to a group of men, hit out Irlght and Idlt with ino club, (truck a pblioeman across tha faoe, and fled towards Wentworth. The, crowd pursued. jAs iteame to .Wentworth it vanished into thin air ^pud. the next instant Wentworth wt» In tho hands of the outraged oons table. ' - From, the lookup the dtjeeted young man wrote to.Sinilie: For my sake, buy a ecmetry-lot and bury John W. Stodgers, charging the cost to me, i j Yours, i WXSTWOBTn. That ondodi the fight. Wentworth, I regret to aay, Is not the first student who came to grief oy letting spitlts gat the better ol hiuj^ 