UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. . j ?., A NOVEL: .!.?'' BT ASEUHE SEBQEAIÎT, >;l.-.^'v- : AUTHOR ol» ."«JACOBI'S WIFE." 'MARTIN DEVERIL'S DI AMOND.'ic. Plibíithedhy npnúal arratiijfment* with thc author. LOONTINITKD FROM TUESDAV8 ISSUE.] fi'WS 1,1 CHAPTER TX-(COKTISWBD.) }.-. . . . " WHAT does it signify to us wJiat j» Vivian thinks ? I don't mind being take I;,., -":for a miwerymaid ut nil, if I am only doin my proper work. Hut I would have com $ i i ,¡down, Percival, indeed I would, if littl "* ' Jack lind not seemed so fretful and un vol ?I am afraid something really is thc matte with his back; ho complains BO much c pain in it, and cannot sleep at night. 1 coul . not leave him whilo lie was crying aud i pain, could I?" " What did you do with him?" asked Pei ' civnl, after a moment's pause. :. if I walked up and down the room. H went to sleep in my «rms," i. r ???<. « Of course you tired yourself out wit! that great heavy boy !" .-i's;, / '«Yon don't know how light little Jack is you cannot have taken lum in your arms fo long time, Percival," said she, in a hui . :. . tone ; "and lam very strong. My hand ought to bc of some uso to mo, if my br.tii is not/" " Your brain is strong enough, and you will is strong enough for anything, but you hands--" " Are they to bo useless ?" .y. v :.. «Yes, they aro to be. usóles»," lio said jj;", and somebody else must work for you." " That arrangement would not suit me. JLiko to work for myself," she answered smiling. ii '. ).Ti.iThey wero standing on opposite sides o a small table on which the portfolio of draw ines rested. Percival was holding up om side of the portfolio, and she was placing th< «ketches one by ono upon each other. ..., ;. " Do you know what you look like ?" snit "' Percival, suddenly. There was a thrill o; pleasurable oxcitonient in his tone, a glow o: ardour in his dark eyes. " You look like i tall white lily to-night, with your whit« dress and your gleaming hair. Tho pun ':i white of the petals and tho golden heurt oi .the,,lily,hare found their match." " I am recompensed for tho trouble I tooli v. in changing my dress this evening," said ?.'Elizabeth, glancing down at it complacently, "I did not expect that it would bring me so poetic a compliment. Thank you, Percival." ¡; "Consider tho lilies; they toil not, .'? neither. do they spin,'" quoted Percival, recklessly. " Why should you toil and spin? ?'! ; --« moro beautiful lily than any ono of them. If Solomon in all his glory was not equal to thoso Judcan lilies, then I may safely say that the Queou of Sheba would bo beaton outright by our Queen Elizabeth, with her white dress and her golden locks !" " Mrs. Heron would say you were pro , fane," said Elizabeth, tranquilly. "Those 'comparisons of yours don't please me exactly, Percival ; they always remind mo of thc flowery leaders in some of thc even- ing pnpeitt, and make mo remember that you ure a journalist. They have a professional ' air." " A professional air !" repeated Percival in (disgust. Hé let tho lid of the portfolio fall with a bang upon tho table. Several of tho ' sketches flew wildly over tho floor, and Elizabeth turned to him with a reproachful look, but she had no timo to protest, for in \- : . that moment ho had seized her hands and \- - . drawn her aside with him to a sofa that ? stood on one side of the room. " You shall not answer mc in that way," ?y. lie said, half-irritated, half- amused, and wholly determined to have his way. " You -.?.:?.:!: »hall sit down there and listen to me ina serious Bpirit, if you can. No, don't shako '?' .! v your head and look at me so mockingly. It v ,. ,. is time that we understood each other, and I don't mean another night to pass ovor our : leads without some decision ljeiug arrived at. Elizabeth, you must know that you havo my happiness in your hands. I can't live iv; without you. I can't bear to seo you making ' youTBolf a slave to everybody, with no one >: i v to Jove you, no one to work for you and save you from anxiety and caro. Let mc work for you now, dearest ; be my wife, and I will , *oe that you have your proper place, and ' ' that'you are tended and cared for as a woman ought to be." Elizabeth., bad withdrawn her hand from :!if- ri his ; ;sho even turned a little palo. Ho fan- cied that tho tears stood in her eyes. " Oh," Bhe said, " I wish you had not said ., ;this to mo, Percival." ' '' " ' i; It was easy for him to slip down from his low. seat to a footstool, and there, on one knee, to look full into her face, and ! lot his T --. ' handsome dark eyes plead for him. ""Why should I not havo said it?" ho v.,,-. c. ijpeáthed softly. " Has it not been the dream -of my life for months ?-I might almost say for years ? I loved you ever since you first ,. came amongst us, Elizabeth, years ago." "Did you indeed?" said Elizabeth. A light of humour showed itself through tho tears that had come into her eyes. An . amused, reluctant smile' curved tho corners of her mouth. ". What, when' I was an awkward, clumsy, ignorant schoolgirl, as I '. ?-I' remember y ou calling me one day after I had ' done something exceptionally stupid? And i when you played practical jokes upon mc- ; . hung my doll up by its hair, and mado me '. believe that there was a ghost in the attics ,. did you care for me then ? Ohyno; Perci . " val, you forget ! and probably you eraggcr- 1 ate the amount of your feeling aa much ai '. < ' jim do the length ot time it hu láctea." "It's no laughing matter, I assure yoi Elizabeth," saia Percival, laughing a fittl himself at these recollections, but lookin vexed at the same time. " I am perfect! serious now, and very much in earnest ; an* I can't believe that my stupid jokes when was n mere boy had such an effect upo: your mind as to prevent you from caring fo mc now." "No," said Elizabeth. "They make n difference ; but-I'm very sorry, Percival I really don't think that Ï would do." . "What would not do? what do yo mean r*" said Percival, frowning. " This arrangement ; this-tlÙB-propoBi tion of yours. Nobody would like it." " Nobody could object. I have a perice right to marry if I choose, and whom choose. I am independent of my father." " You could not marry yet, Percival," sh said, in rather a chiding tone. " I could-if you would not mind shnrin my poverty with mo. if you loved nv Elizabeth, you would not mind." " I um afraid I do not love you-in thti way," said Elizabeth, meditatively. " No, i would never do." I never dreamt of. such thing." " Nobody expects you to have dreamt c it," rejoined Percival with a short laugl " The dreaming can be left to me. Th question is rather whether you will think o it now - consider it a little, I mean. ] seems to be a new idea to you-though must say I wonder that you have not see: how much I loved you, Elizabeth! I at willing to wait until you have grown used t it. I ennnot believe that you do not car for me ! You would not be so cruel ; yo: must love me a little-juBt a very little Elizabeth." " Well, I do," said Elizabeth, smiling a his vehemence. " I do love you more than : little-aa I love you all. You have been si good to me that I could not help caring fo , you-in spite of the doll and the ghost ii the attic." Her smile grew gravely mischiev ' otis as she finished the sentence. " Oh, that is not what I want," criet Percival, starting up from his lowly positioi \ at her feet. " That is not the kind of love ] am asking for nt all." " I nm afraid you will get no other," sait Elizabeth, with a ring of sincerity in hei ' voice that left no room for coquetry. " I an sorry, but I cannot help it, Percival." " Your love ia not given to unyone else ?' ho demanded, fiorcelv. " You have no right to ask. But if it is Í satisfaction to you, I cnn assure you that 1 have nover cared for anyono in that way. ] do not know what it means," enid Eliznboth looking directly before her. " I have novel been able to understand." " Let mo make you understand," mur- mured Porcivnl, his momentary unger melt- ing before tho completo candour of her eyes " Let me tench you to love, Elizabeth." She waa aileut-irresolute, ns it appeared to him. "You would leura very easily," said-he " Try-let me try." " 1 don't think I could be taught," she answered slowly. " And really I am nol sure that I caro to learn." " That is aimply because you do not know your own heart," said Percival, dogmatically, " Trust me, and wnit a while. I will have nc auB\vor now, Elizabeth. I will nsk you again. " And suppose my answer is tho same ?" " It won't be the same," said Percival, in a mnnterful Bort of way. " You will under- stand by-and-by." She did not see tho fire in his eyes, HOI tho look of puBsionnte yearning that crossed his face ns ho stood besólo lier, or she would Bcnreely have been surprised when he bent down suddenly and pressed his lips to her forehead. She Btnrted to her feet colouring vividly and angrily. " How dare vou, Perci- val !-" »he began. But she could" not finish tho sentence. Kitty called her from the I other room. Kitty's faeo appeared ; and the curtain was drawn aside by un unseen hand j with a great clatter of rings upon tho pole. I " Whore have you boen nil this timo ?" said she. " Isabel wants you, Lizzie. Perci- val, Mr. Vivian talks of going." Elizabeth vanished through tho curtain. Percival hud not even time to breathe into her ear the " Forgive mo" with which he meant to Íiropitiuto her. He was not very penitent or his offence. He thought that he was Büro of Elizabeth's pardon, because he thought himsolf sure of Elizabeth's love. But, as a matter of fnct, that stolen kiss did not ut all advance his cause with Elizabeth Murray. Ho did not see her again that night-a fact which Bent him back to his lodging in an ill-sntisfiod frame of mind. He and Vivian Bhared a sitting-room between them ; and, on their rotum from Mr. Heron's, they dis- posed themselves for their usual smoke and chat. But neither of them seemed inclined for conversation, llupert lay back iu a long lounging-chnir ; Percival turned- over the leaves of a now publication which had been' sent to him for review, and uttered disparag- ing comments upon it from time to time. " I hope all critics are not so hypercritical as you are," Baid Vivian at last, when the volume had finally been tossed to tho other end of the room with nn exclamation of dis- gust. " Pah ! why will people write such abomin- able stuff ? , Baid Percival. " Beach me down that volume of Bacon's Essays behind 'you; I must have something to take the tasto out of my mouth before I begin to write." _ Vivian handed him tho hook, and watched him with some interest as he read. The frown died away from his forehead, and the mouth gradually assumed a gentler expres- sion before he had turned the first pago In five minutes he was so much absorbed that ho did not hear the question which Vivian addressed to lum. " What position," said Bupert, deliber- ately, " does Miss Murray hold in your father's house !" "Eh? what? Wliat position?" Away went Percival's book to the floor;, he raised himself in his chair, and bogan to light his pipe, which had gone out. " What do you mean ?" he said. " Is she a ward of your father's ? Is sho a relation of yours ?" " Yes, of course she is,"- said Percival, rather resentfully. " She is a COUBÍD. Lot me Bee: Her iather, Gordon Murray, was my mother's brother. She is my first cousin. \ And Cinderella iii' general to the household," ho added, grimly. " Ob, Gordon Murray toot her father ? So I supposed.. Then if poor Eiohard Luttrell ' had not died I suppose she would have been '. à sort of connection of my sister's. I : remember Angela wondered whether Gordon i Murray bad left any family." " j :;' ': i "WhyP Yon know the degree; of rela- ' tionship mai the terms of the «iU náde br 1 Mrs. Luttrell', fetter, don't you ??, ?'; , . i \--?'"Hotli"--! .::. I "Gordon Murray-this Miss Murray's father-waa next " heir after the two Lutt- rells, if. they died childless. Of- course, Brian ir still living; but if he died, Miss Murray would inherit, I understand." " There is not much chance," said Percival lightly. " Not much," responded Vivian. They were interrupted by a knock at the door. The landlady, with many apologies, brought them a telegram which bad been left at the house during their absence, and which she had forgotten to deliver. It was addressed to Vivian, who tore it open, read it twice, and then passed it on to .Percival without a word. lt was from Angela Vivian, and contained these words only " Brian Luttrell U death" CHAPTER X.-BBOTHKB DINO. WHEW Brian Luttrell left England he had no very clear idea of the places that he meant to visit, or the things that he wished to do. He wished only to leave old associa- tions behind him-to forget, and, if possible, to be forgotten. He was conscious of n curious lack of interest in life ; it seemed to him as though the very springs of his being were dried up at their source. As a matter of fact, he was thoroughly out of health, as well as out of spirits ; he had been over-working hinwolf in London, and was scarcely out of the doctor's hands before he went to Scotland ; then the shock of his brother's death and the harsh- ness of bis mother toward him had contri- buted their sharo to the utter disorganisation of his faculties. In short, Brian was not himself at all ; it might even be said that he was out of his right mind. He had attacks of headache, generally terminating in a kind of stupor rather than sleep, during which he could scarcely be held responsible for the things he said or did. At other times a feverish restlessness came upon him ; tie could not sleep, and he could not eat ; he \ would then go out and walk for miles and miles, until he was thoroughly exhausted. It was a wonder that his mind did not give way altogether. His sanity hung upon a thread. It was in this state he found himself one day upon a Rhine boat, bound for Mainz. He had a very vague notion of how he bad managed to get there ; he had no notion at all of his reason for travelling in that direc- tion. It dawned upon him by degrees that he lind chosen the very Barrie route, aiid made tho same stoppages, as he had doné when he was a mere boy, travelling with his father upon the Continent. Richard and his mother had not been there ; Brian and Mr. Luttrell had spent a particularly happy timo together, and the remembrance of it soothed his troubled brain, and caused his eye to rest with a dreamy pleasure upon the scene around him. It was rather late for a Rhine expedition, and tho boat was not ut all full. Brian rather thought that the journey with hi8 father had been taken at about the same timo of year-perhaps even a little later. He had a special memory of tho wealth of Virginian creeper which covered the build- ings near Coblentz. He looked out for it whon the boat stopped nt the landing-stage, and thought of the time when he had wan- dered hand in hand with his father, in the pleasant Anlagen on the river banks, and gathered a scarlet trail of leaves from the castlo walls. Tho leaves were, in their full autumnal glory now; ho must have been there at about the same season when he was a boy. After determining this fact to his satisfac- tion, Brinn went back to the Beat that he had found for himself at the end of the boat, and began once more to watch the glid- ing panorama of "castled crag" and vine clud slope, which was hardly as familiar to him as it is to most of us. But, after all, Drnchenfels and Ehrenbreitstein had no great interest for him. He had no great interest for anything. Perhaps the little excitement and bustle at the landing-places pleased him more than the scenery itself the peasants shouting to each other from the banks, the baskets of grapes handed in one after another, the patient oxen waiting in the roads between the Bbafts ; these were sights which mode no groat claim upon his attention and were curiously soothing to his jaded nerves. He watched them lan- guidly, but was not sorry from time to time to close his eyes and shut out the surround- ings altogether. : . Tho worst of it was that, whon he had closed his eyes for a little time, the scene in the wood always came back to him with' terrible distinctness. Or else there rose up before his eyes a picture of that dnrkened room, with Richard's white face upon the pillow and: his mother's dark form and outr stretched hand. . . . These were the memories that would not let him sleep at night or take his easo iii the world by day. He could not forget the past. t There was another passenger on the boat who passed and re-passed Brian several times, and looked at him with curious atten- tion. Brian's face was one which was always apt to excite interest. It had grown thin and pallid during the past fortnight ; the eyes were set in deep hollows, and wore a painfully sad expression. He looked as if . he had passed through some period of illness or sorrow of which the traces could never be wholly obliterated. There was a pathetic hopelessness in his face which was somewhat remarkable in so young a man. ' The psssengor who regarded him with so much interest was also a young man, not more than Brian's own age, but apparently not an Englishman. He spoke English a little, though with a foreign accent, but his French was remarkably good and pure. He stopped short at last in front of Brian and eyed him attentively, evidently believing that the young man was asleep. But Brian was not asleep ; he knew that the regular footstep of his travelling companion had ceased, and was hardly surprised,'when he opened his eyes, to find the Frenchman-if such he were-standing before him. Brian looked at him attentively for a ' moment, and recognised the fact that the \ young foreigner wore an ecclesiastical habit, ? & black toutane or cassock, such asís worn - in Roman Catholic seminaries, not neces- . sarily denoting that the person who wears it ; hos taken priest's vows upon him. . Brian was not sufficiently well versed in the sub-. , ject to know what grade was signified by the , dress of the young ecclesiastic, but ho con- . jectured (ohiofly from its plainness and, ' extreme shabbiness) that it was not a very high one. The young man's face pleased him. It was intellectual and refined in con- tour, rather of the ascetic type; with that ' faint redness about the heavy eyelids which ; suggests an1 insufficiency of sleep or a too t great amount of study; large, penetrating; i darle eyes, underneath a broad white ' brow ; t a firm month »md chin. Then*'«be some-' « thing >boat hislice which séémedF ; ninelr, J A to Bri», ai^y^ÎTÂ r-Tii j .;-i<I r.'IJUH B8Ki.r, .«ni*1 . "VM the least remember where be Dad seen before, or what associations it called up his mind. The young man courteously raised broad felt hat " Pardon me," ho said, " you aro ill suffering-can I do nothing for you?" '* I am not ill, thank you. You are v< good, but I want nothing," said Brian, w a feeling of annoyance which showed its in the coldness of his manner. And yet was attracted rather than repelled by i stranger's voice and manner. The voice v musical, the manner decidedly préposée ing. He was not sorry that the you ecclesiastic did not seem ready to accept 1 rebuff, but took a seat on the bench by side, and made . remark upon the scene through which they were passing. Bri responded slightly enough, but with li coldness; and in a few minutes-he did i know how it happened-he was talking the stranger more freely than he had dc to anyone since he' left England. Th conversation was,certainly confined to triv topics; but there was a frankness and del licacy of perception about the young f < eigner which made him a very attract] companion. He gave Brian in a few wot an outline of the chief events of his life, ai seemed to expect no confidence from Bri in return. He had been brought up in Roman Catholic seminary, and was destin to become a Benedictine monk. He was < his way- to join an elder priest in Main thence he expected to proceed to. Italy, b was not sure of his destination. " I shall perhaps meet you again, then said Brian. " I am perhaps going to Its myself." The young man smiled and shook 1 head. " You are scarcely likely to e counter me monsieur," he answered. ' shall be busy amongst the poor and sick, at work within the monastery. I shall i member you-but I do not think that i shall meet again." . " By what name should I ask for you il came across any of your'order P" said Bria " I. am generally known as Dino Vasa: or Brother Dino, at your service, monsieur replied the Italian cheerfully. " If, in yo goodness, you wished to inquire after m you should ask at the monastery of Si Stefano, where I spend a few weeks eve: year in retreat. The Prior, Fathor Crist toro, is an old friend ' of mine, and he w: always welcome you if you should pass tb way. There is good sleeping accommod tioñ for. visitors." Brian took the trouble to make an ent: in his note-book to this ' effect. It turnt out to be a singularly useful one. As th« were reaching Mainz something prompt! Brian to ask a question. " "Why did ye speak to me this afternoon ?" he said, tl morbid suspiciousness of a man who is sit in mind as well OB body returning full upc him. " You did not know me ?" " No, monsieur, I do not know you The ecclesiastic's pale brow flushed ; he eve looked embarrassed. " Monsieur," ho soi at Inst, " you had the appearance- you wi .pardon my saying so-of, one who wi either ill or boro about with him sou unspoken trouble ; it is the privilege of tl order to which I hope one day to belong ( offer help when help is needed ; and for moment I hoped it might be my spec ii privilege to give some help to you." " Why did you think so ?" Brian asket hastily. " You did not know my name ?" , The Italian cast down his eyes. "Ye monsieur," he said in a low tone, " I' di I know your name." Brian started up. He did not stop t weigh probabilities ; he forgot how littl likely a young foreign seminarist would b to hear news of an accident in Scotland ; h felt foolishly certain that his name-as the of the man who had killed his brother must be known to all the world ! It wa the wildest possible delusion, such as coull occur only to a man whose mind was off it balance-and even he could not retain it to more than a minute or two; but in tha space of time he uttored a' few wild words which caused the young monk to raise bi dark eyes to his face with a look of sorrow ful compassion. " Does everyone know my wretched story then ? Do I carry a mark about with ae like Cain ?" Brian cried aloud. " I know nothing of your story, mon sieur," said Brother Diuo, as he called him self, after a little pause. "When I snit that I knew your name, I should more pro. perly have said the name of your family. A gentleman pf your name once visited tin little' town where I was brought up.", He paused again and added gently, " I have peculiar reasons for remembering him. He was very good to a member of my family." Brian had recovered his self-possession before the end of the young priest's speech, and was heartily ashamed of his own weak- ness. "I beg your, pardon," he said, sinking bock into his seat with an air of weariness and discouragement that would have touched the heart of a tender-natured man, such as was Brother Dino of San Stefano. " I must be an utter fool to have spoken os I did. You knew my father, did you ? That muBt be long ago." '' Many yean." . Brother Dino looked at the Englishman with some expression in his eyes which Brian did not remark at the moment, but which recurred afterwards to his memory aa being singular. There was sympathy in it, pity perhaps, and, above all, an intense curiosity. ." Many years ago my friends knew him ; not I. The Signor Lut- trell-he lives still in your country ?" :1 ? ? "No. He died eight years ago:" \- "And-" .. ; \r\; r . A question evidently trembled on the Italian's lips, but he restrained '-himself. He could not ask it when he saw the pain and the dread in Brian's face: But Brian answered the question, that he had meant to ask. ? ? , " My brother ia dead also. My mother is living and well." j Then he wheeled round and looked at the landing-stage, to which they were now very close. The stranger respected his emotion ; he glanced once at the band, of crape on Brian's arm, hud. then walked quietly away. When he returned it was only to say good-* bye. ' . . i "I should like to see you again," Brian said to him. Perhaps I may Und you out and visit you some day. You find your life peaceful and happy, no doubt?" ", "Perfectly." . "I envy you," said Brian« ? ¡. . , , ' TO BB OOMT1WUKU Hf TUESDAY'S ISSUE. 