Terror of ifauutcd JLocomotivcs. Locomotive engineers are almoBt, if not olto gother, os superstitious in regard to haunted locomotives as sailors aro in regard to haunted ships, says the Tribune. About ten yearB ago the engine Matt Morgan blew up while stand ing on the track of the Shore Lino road near tho station in Providence, It. I., killing ' tho engineer. The engine was subsequently re built and put on the road. On tho firsi trip that sho made after being rebuilt Bbe wont tearing into l'rovictcnco m tha night with tne train swinging behind, and tho sleeping town, echoing to tho ehrill whistle. On approach ing the station the engineer leaned forward to shut off steam, but to his horror a ghostly form appeared at his side, and a ghostly hand grapped hi3 wrist and hold him Cast. When the station was renohed the ghost dis appeared, nnd tho engineer stopped tho train some distance beyond. At louot, this is whafc tho engineer tells. Mauy peoplo have not forgotton the terrible Eiohmond switch disaster, several years ago. on the Providsnoe and Stonington road. A littlo brook bec:uno swollen by the rain, aud carried away a rail-road bridge. The train oamo rushing along that night, and was hurled in the ahasm. Giles, the engineer, when he caw tho danger ahead, instead of leaping from the ongino as tho fireman did, grasped tho lover and reversed the engine. But it was too loto. Tho train was going at suoh a speed that the locomotive leaped olear across the stream, and thoy found Giles lyin& under his overturned engine, with tho levmr driven through his body and one hand oluteh ing tho throttle-valve with the grasp of death* Giles, when he came into Providence, was ao austomed to give two peculiar whistles aa a. signal to his wife, who lived near tha railroad where it enters tho suburbs of tho oity, that, he was all right, and would soon bo home. Tho absence of -those whistles wbb the first in timation which was reaeivod at Providence oE tho disaster. When the CDgino whioh made that tP.Yribfo leap on that stormy night was robrjlt and' ' put on tho road again, there was nt first great trouble in getting engineers for it, with suoli uuporiiiiiiou3 aorror was it regarded. To-day thero aro peoplo ready to swoav that thoy have heard whistles, nuch as Giles used to blow as signals to I; i-i v/ifa, sound through tho suburbs of Providence, whan ao train was coming op the road. Tbuly thero is something in the unru filed . ealm of nature that overawes our little -an-, xieties and donbts; the sight of tho deep blue sky and tho olustering stars above seem to im«- - pwt a quiet to the mind. 