PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. BY "THE VAGABOND." STRATFORD AND MAFFRA. Vale! Ramahyuck. Memories of the peaceful domestic hours spent there will often come to me when I am where there is no peace. From the aboriginal reserve we strike into the main road from Stratford to Lake Wellington, on the north side of the Avon River. There is little traffic here. To the south- east, across the Perry, there are a few selectors at Meerlieu, and beyond that is Strathfieldsaye, the station and homestead of Mr. Disher, winch borders Lake Wellington. I wonder how many state school children know that Strathfieldsaye, in England, was the home of the Great Duke who won Waterloo? The name of Wellington leads one to associations not only of Napoleon's conqueror, but of the Wellington in Somer- setshire, and the other Wellington under the Wrekin on the old Roman road to Uri- conium. But I forbear, or it will be a long time ere I reach Stratford. For 10 miles we drive a long a thickly-timbered typical Australian road—no sign of life save two or three selec- tors' homesteads. The one distinction in this road is that there is plenty of grass, and everything is charmingly green. Then evi- dences of the Bairnsdale railway meet the eye in the shape of small cuttings and em- bankments, and Ecce Stratford! This is the fifth Stratford I know. It is unlike any of the others. Unlike the villages of Stony Stratford and Fenny Stratford in Northamptonshire, which the railways have passed by, and whose hotels, where the coaches once stopped to bait, have now only a custom made up of farmers, labourers, a stray tramp padding the hoof along Watling- street, or a belated fox-hunter. Very unlike the Stratford-le-Bowe, in Essex, which I lately saw described in Melbourne as being "near Whitechapel," and which has given the name to a school of bad French. Most unlike of all to the Stratford to which every true American pays a pilgrimage, renowned all over the world as the birthplace of—in the words of Carlyle—"a poor Warwickshire peasant, who rose to be manager of a play- house, so that he could live without begging; whom the Earl of Southampton cast some kind glances on; whom Sir Thomus Lucy, many thinks to him, was for sending to the treadmill! We did not account him a god, like Odin, while he dwelt with us—on which point there were much to be said. But I will say rather, or repeat—In spite of the sad state hero-worship now lies in, consider what this Shakspeare has actually become among us. Which Englishman we ever made in this land of ours—which million of Englishmen—would we not give up, rather than the Stratford peasant?" To me your English Stratford is a very Mecca, the old house at Shottery as sacred as the Caabah to a Moslem, the waters of the Avon there precious as those of the well Zem-zem! Will our Australian Stratford ever be cele- brated? In one thing it is like its classic namesake—the quietness of its streets. The Stratford, the Shakspeare and the Swan hotels bear appropriate signs. Years back, honest Tom Curran pressed me to stop with him at the latter hostelry, which he made celebrated as the home of an ex- prizefighter. To many Victorians of sporting proclivities, I am afraid that the name of Stratford was only associated with Tom Curran and "the noble art," and not with the birthplace of the Hero-Poet who, as Schlegel says, wrote "a national epic" in his historical plays, surpassing himself in his description of the battle of Agincourt—"the two hosts, the worn-out jaded English, the dread hour, big with destiny, when the battle shall begin; and then that deathless valour, 'Ye good yeomen, whose limbs were made in England.' " The Avon here is disappointing. The head of navigation for ocean-going vessels is three miles below the town. Very different to what it is at Redbank, Clydebank, and Ramah- yuck. At Stratford the Avon is a typical Australian river, with long shallow reaches and may sandbanks. At flood time imposing, no doubt, the Avon is now a stream which fails to inspire any respect. And yet there are historical associations with it. On its banks Angus M'Millan camped, and Dr. Arbuckle, who was with him, blew a cornet all night long with the desired effect of scaring away the wild blacks. The first house in Gipps Land was built on the site of Stratford, and it was, after Sale, the first surveved township in the north. To the stranger, Stratford at the present day appears to consist of red brick churches and public buildings. There are four of the former. There is a state school and also a Catholic school. The shire- hall, court-house, and post- office, are all one building. The postmistress appears to have nice quarters, although I am afraid she must feel lonely therein. There are two or three good stores, a chemist's shop, a branch bank and a flour mill, and tannery in the township. Coaches run daily to Sale and Bairnsdale. The agricultural popula- tion is principally on the south side of the river towards Sale. Northwards the land is chiefly given up to grazing until one reaches Briagolong, some 12 miles distant, which is the most rising place in North Gipps Land. There is a rich agricultural district here, hops and tobacco are cultivated, and cheese- making and saw-milling are lending indus- tries. Briagolong has wealthy resources, and as it cries out for a railway to develop these it is natural that Stratford should wish to be the connecting link. In future editions of the Victorian Railways Guide, Stratford may be known as a railway centre. I believe you can get to the English Stratford by railway from Birmingham, and also by a small cross country line which runs through the Kyneton meadows under the Edge-hills. But no right- minded person would think of entering Shakespeare's birthplace by train; I always ride or drive from Leamington or Warwick. In England railways are opposed and fought against, and vested interests demand com- pensation at every yard of track laid. Here Stratford cries out for railways. It is on the main line to Bairnsdale, and it has a line to Sale authorised, which the inhabitants argue should be carried on northwards to Briago- long. Whether Stratford will be benefited by all these railways is an open question. The inhabitants now all go to Sale to market, and the rail will only make it easier for them. From the fine bridge one sees, stretching toward Sale, a cultivated plain cut up into small paddocks in which splendid crops are flourishing. The number of pleasant home- steads as well as the good roads show the prosperity of the district. Agriculture and stock fattening, as well as horse breeding, flourish between the Avon and the Macallister Rivers in this part of the county of Tanjil. I see the quality of the soil as we drive through the Craigielee paddocks, which are laid down with English grasses and irrigated from arte- sian wells. Here cattle and pigs are raised. Milk from the kine is turned into cheese, dead pork into bacon. I inspect the factories, and am very pleased with what I see. Both the Craigielee bacon and cheese are well known in Queensland; the former, however, is exported in its salted stage to avoid the protective duty of 2d. a pound im- posed by the northern colony, although Queensland can make no bacon worth eating. The smoking appliances at Craigielee are very scientific, and give the pork a fine flavour. I meet with the kindest of welcomes and hospitality here, and I am sorry that I cannot tarry longer. Sorry also that I cannot accept Mr. Littles warm invitation to visit Inverbroom, where irrigation from the neighbouring Avon is extensively carried on, and a cheese factory is also run. We drive past the fertile paddocks of this estate on our road eastward to Maffra. The cultivated fields with their varying tints of verdure, the pleasant homesteads dotted here and there, the belts of timber, the ranges beyond, higher still Mount Baw Baw, towering majestically to the skies, make up a charm- ing landscape. Gipps Land is indeed goodly, a country which produces all seed and root crops, wheat and luceme, potatoes and turnips—everything multiplies a thousand- fold. As we drive through the rich pastures of Powerscourt, which lie on each side of the road between Stratford and Maffra, I cannot help thinking it would be better it this estate were cut up into small farms. A very pleasant pied à terre this homestead, on a slope looking over the park- like paddocks in which fat beeves are putting on more fat. But the owner frankly admits, "Big estates don't do any good to a district. What is wanted in Gipps Land is the settlement of 50 families where there are, perhaps, only two now. Some day I shall cut up my place just as is being done with Lindenow. The graziers must go before the plough." A good deal of land at Powerscourt has been cleared, but Nature here has strangely aided the squatter in his work of destruction amongst the redgum. For many miles along the plains by the Avon is a broad belt ol dead timber without a leaf or shred of bark all life as perfectly destroyed as if blasted by fire or "sapped -' girdled as we call it in America. "Sapping," cutting a ring deep into the juices of a tree is a common custom in Gipps Land. A tree dies at once much sooner than when merely "rung "but the timber is not of such value afterwards. This natural decay in the gum forests in the county of Tanjil has caused considerable discussion in Gipps Land. One pioneer tells me that he believes it was occasioned by a plague of myriads of small grey catorpillurs which years back settled on the trees and ate up all the leaves and young shoots After that the trees commenced to decay. Where are those caterpillars or their descendants now? The present insect plague in Gipps Land takes the form of a small green beetle, a beautiful thing to look at, but which in parts of this province strips all the leaves from flowers and fruit trees. Strange to say geranium bushes kill it. And as it is well known that snakes will not pass near this plant, my advice to all in the bush is sur- round your house with a thick hedge of geraniums, and border your gardens with the same. This line of dead timber in Powers court looks strangely weird and ghastly, a contrast to the verdure of the grass beneath. It saddens one to see this decay of valuable timber, or timber that some day might prove highly valuable. The redgum on these alluvial plains grows to a great height and girth. It is the best of all Australian woods. From Maffra I am told they are sending to the London Exhibition a large block 3ft in diameter, which has been in the ground for over 30 years, and is as firm and durable as when first cut. Not only from a picturesque point of view but from an utilitarian this destruction of timber in Australia both by nature and man is to be deplored. For the rainfall is sure to be affected thereby. But here the river is handy for irrigation, and the ranges at the back will ever collect the clouds and mists from whence the rain will fall in due season. Just before entering Maffra one passes the road southward to Sale, then the township is before us. The main street is a three-chain road, bordered with English trees, which give a most pleasing effect. The shire hall is covered with ivy, which increases the '"home" like aspect. Not so many brick buildings here as at Stratford, yet there is a live, smart look about the place which makes up for the lack of prominent edifices. Mr Allan M'Lean's house on the hill and a fine store in course of construction are the chief features in the building line here. Maflra possesses four churches. a state school and a private school, mechanics institute and library, two banks. post and telegraph office, and police station. I am reminded of the existence of the latter place by the presence of a smart, gentlemanly looking young fel- low, who rides by on a magnificent horse, sitting easily in the saddle as none but an Australian can, and smoking happily, freer from care than the squires of Kilmany or Powerscourt. "Trooper?' I query. Yes This is Constable Priestley, well known as a champion rough rider as well as an efficient ofiicer .I admire him, and think he is a mun to be envied. Maffra also possesses a flour- mill, three hotels and a newspaper-the Spectator. It will shortly have a railway station, and then will be completely happy m having direct communication with the metro- polis. The Macallister River is the western boun- dary of Maffra. Like so many Australian towns,this settlement commenced its existence with a pub and a punt, Mr Gibney being the pioneer of the place. Part of the township and the land around Maffra was reserved for an aboriginal station by Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, but Mr Hagenauer, for whose mission it was intended, persuaded the Government to change the site to the present- Ramah- yuck. As he argued, 'Black fellows do not want good land like this, but a place where they can have space to roam and hunt and fish. Selectors around Maffra may now thank Mr Hagenauer. The district consists of fine alluvial plains and river flats, and al- though it is, to an extent, hemmed in by two large properties-Powerscourt and Newburn- park-yet there are very many small and prosperous holdings, some 20,000 acres being under cultivation, with crops of wheat, oats, barley, peas, and beans. Selection began 20 years ago, and agriculture in the district has gone on and prospered since then. But Maffra is particularly noted as having the largest cattle sales outside of Melbourne. 'lhere are four firms ot auctioneers here, and over 100,000 head of cattle pass through their yards annually. It is the centre for Gipps Land stock. Also, from the Mañero district of New South Wales many mobs of "fat and "stores ' are driven here. There is plenty of feed and water en route to Maffra, aud it is a popular resort for drovers. The Friday sales average generally a little over2,000 head. Of these the largest share go into the yards of Mr Allan M Lean, M L A , whose enterprise, I am told, was the cause of the first establishment of Maffra as a great cattle emporium. Yet, although buyers weekly assembly here from Melbourne and other parts of the colony, and Maffra is a name of repute amongst cattle men, there are signs that in this respect its glory will soon wane. When the line is completed through to Bairnsdale, that town, I am told, will be the centre for all the stock from the north east portion of the province and the New South Wales border. Buyers when they can get easy access by rail will go to the market instead of the market being brought to them. At Traralgon too, on the east, the cattle sales are weekly increasing in import- ance I think, that in the future, Traralgon and Bairnsdale will be the two most impor- tant stock markets, not only in Gipps Land, but outside Melbourne. That will make little difference to Maffra. Bus era and drovera spend little here The pubs, perhaps, benefit slightly, the stores not at all. It is in the soil around that the prosperity of the district will ever consist. So says Mr Ryan, pioneer journalist in the mountains. So says Mr Murphy, English gentleman, and ex-Stony hurst scholar, who the other day was at Ada- vale when I was at Charleville. We who have had experience of the Maranoa and Warrego in a drought laugh to scorn the lamentations for rain which are raised here Host Bannister, with whom I exchange reminiscences of Nottingham and the Trent, believes in the soil. So, too, does Mr George Thomas Jones, successor of the Moroney of Colac, shire secretary and engi- neer, a resident in Gipps Land for 30 years. I have great pleasure in talking about old times with Mr Jones. He is one of the un- rewarded discoverers of the Yarra 'Track. He named Mount Arnold, beyond Marys- ville, after a cousin in England (Mr. Arnold Rheinhold, solicitor, of Hull) and Mount Strickland waa named after one of his party, Paradise Plains, from which the Minne- ha ha falls, was so called because after a hard day's toil through the scrub, often cutting their way, they emerged at last on a beautiful open table land, with wattles in full bloom all around. The scene, as described by Mr Jones, was as the Garden of Eden. But the serpent was here before them, for they found it infested with snakes. The Black Spur was first named Mount Dismal by Mr Jones on account of the hardships they endured there. It is interesting to meet here in Gipps Land the souvenirs which I vainly sought for during my viait to Marysville. The why and wherefore of the nomenclature of localities is always of the greatest interest to me. On the spot I often find it hard to obtain a proper solution of the strange problems which occasionally puzzle me in this line. For instance. some tell me that Maffra is a native name, others that it is Gaelic. Why, too was Sarsfield named aftei Janus the Second's beaten genera? ' in Gipps Land I meet an old miner who lives at Sarsfield, who claims to have been the first dis- covcrer of gold in Victoria, and as such entitled to a reward. In my rambles through Pic- turesque Victoria I met with strange memories of the past, and am learning more ot the early history of the colony from men who took part therein than I could from the study of all the books in the Public Library. Mr Lewin, manager of the National Bank and champion rifle shot, undertakes to drive me around Maffra. We cross the Macallister river to Newburn-park, well-known as the residence of Mr Johnson-Boe, the owner of winners of the Melbourne Cup and other great races. I am told by old residents that this is the prettiest place in Gipps Land and after a visit here I am fain to believe it. The short carriage drive is bordered with oaks and other English trees - one would make allidavit this was the approach to some country house in the Western counties. The luxuriance of the soil is shown by the fruit trees in the garden. Amongst these is the strange ' Thorn of Christ," brought from Rome. I shall remember Newburn by the aviary and the best cup of tea I have had in the colonies. It is one of ihe most charming country places I know of. When, after in- specting the stables we walk through the large paddock at the back of the house, one sees that the title of "park " is fairly justi- fied. It is a real park, as one understands the term in the old world. A perfectly level plain, half a mile wide, is fruited by belts of timber, and dotted here and there with little clumps of pines which have grown with the greatest luxuriance. The grass is thick, affording excellent pasturage. Afar off, beyond the timber line, are the slopes of the ranges - flat topped Ben Cruachan, the most prominent landmark. Mount Wellington, due north, and Baw Baw to the east, are to day shrouded in the mists. It is a view which makes one long to be the possessor of Newburn park and settle down here to the life of a country squire and become learned in the value of oxen, an authority on the matter of wool and cunning in the ways of blood horses. As Mr W E Power says, "You can't beat this in Australia. From Newhurn I take the reins. Mr Allan M Lean escorts us in his pony carriage towards Newry and through Upper Maffra. 'The only thing this district wanted was rain, and I have brought that with me. But the roads are excellent, and Mr Lewin's horses are as good as I want to drive. We halt at M'Canns and then on through fertile farms for a few miles till we reach Newry township. This is a little settlement which contains two churches, a mechanics institute, post office, and a cheese factory. To the right lies the house and farm of Mr Clements, to the left pleasant Summerlea, the residence of Mr. Donald Manson, whither I am invited, but cannot tarry. We are now in the very granary of Gipps Land. The land was taken up 20 years ago under the Brooks Land Act, and the people have prospered thereon. When I met and received such kind hospi- tality from Mr Brooks in Japan, I little thought I should ever write his name in connexion with Gipps Land. As we drive mile after mile west by north and then cast wards, and south again into Maffra, we pass everywhere the very best crops of grain I have seen in the colonies. There are beauties in these waving cornfields as well as in the shade of the forest the clouds dimming the mountain's brow or the ripple on the stream. These fields speak to me of labour and its re- wind of the food here laised for thousands. This Upper Maffra district is, for its extent, the most productive I have seen in Australia. The soil is not only excellent, but the country is well watered. The Macallister is fed by many streams and anabranches, and if irrigation were needed there is every facility for it here. I am told that in the valley of the Mitchell I shall find land as good as this. Gipps Land then, is certainly a wonderful province. The pioneers in the Upper Maffra district deserve all they wring from the soil, for there has been hard patient honest toil in clearing much of this land. The axe has been the forerunner ot the plough. Success to the brave arms which wielded it. The people of Maffra wish me to tarry with them for many days and drive me to Bushey- park and to Boisdale. The former was the station of the pioneer Angus M Millan who found Gipps Land but found it for others, as he himself in the end benefited little. This grand old High- lander to whom his henchmen gave the obedience of duinneswassels to the chiefs ot old, had none of what is commonly known as "Scotch caution" about him. He sowed for others to reap. Boisdale is renowned as a breeding place for horses for the Indian market. It is typical of Gipps Land that distances are thought nothing of. As Sale claims the Lakes' Entrance as an appanage so Maffra includes Bushey-park and Bois- dale as its dependencies, although they are just as real-if not nearer-to Stratford. Eastwards along the valley of the Mac- allister, towards Glenfalloch and Glenmaggie, and forwards in the mountain gorges, there are, however many charming localities which the visitor of Maffra may well make a journey to. He will however perhaps find it easier to get out it the present terminus of the railway, Heyfield and walk or ride thence northwards, or take coach from Traralgon for a party of excursionists, hunters and fishermen, fond of roughing it, this, I believe will be a most delightful out- ing. They should take a tent with them for it they do not get much sport they need not catch cold. It nearly always rains in these mountains but the magnificence of the scenery I am told cannot be surpassed. I point this out for the benefit of others, al- though I cannot take the trip myself. The opening of the railway to Bairnsdale will also open this district for excursionists next year. For, before starting eastwards through the Lakes to Bairnsdale, I am bound for a trip to Port Albert and South Gipps Land. With a "goodbye" to all kind friends at Maffra, I return to Sale by coach. Stratford, Maftra and Sale form a triangle. One would not want a better estate than is found within its limits. Agriculture, stock fattening, and horse breeding are carried on in this fertile district northwards of Gipps Land's capital. High hedges show how long the land has been cultivated; and the many pleasant homesteads show the prosperity of the people. There are no very large properties but the estates are all comfortable ones and as the owner of Powerscourt says, this is far better for the district. There is a belt of timber and morass land between the Macallister river and the highway from Maffra. Half way to Sale this flows into the Thompson and the morasses continue on to Warruk Warruk and the Kilmany park estate. Of all the homesteads I pass on the road the one in which I am most interested belongs to a lady widow of an esteemed Chinese citizen who for many years was a successful farmer and grazier here. He employed large num- bers of labourers, white men, and paid them better wages than any other master in the district. He was liked and respected and strange to say, especially so by his white workmen. The boy who drives the coach tells me that the deceased Celestial was "the best master the men about here ever had." He lived down all prejudices, and bore with out abuse the name of an honourable man. His wealth was well earned and his Euro- pean widow and children will, I hope long enjoy it. This Chinese study is one of the most remarkable things which 1 have met with in Gipps Land. But between Maffra and Sale another sur- prise will greet the Melbourne traveller , and that is a haunted house. A building in ruins attracts my attention, and on inquiry from the driver as to what it may portend. I am told that no one can live there, for some occult reason not generally known, but vaguely summed up in the word "Haunted." Now anything of this sort in Australia is a rarity. In New South Wales it is true "Fishers Ghost" is firmly believed in, and the only man I ever knew who was an authentic witness of a real ghost was Mr Mitchell, M L A for Newtown. He narrates that, when engaged as a contractor on the Southern Railway, one night riding home in the midst of a plain under a clear moonlight, a figure ot a woman suddenly appeared. Astonished but not awed, he rode to it, he saw the features, the dress, and then it faded away. He heard afterwards of rumours of a murder having been committed near there. Just my bad luck! Ghosts never appear to me. In New South Wales there were deeds done in the old days which might well have caused perturbed spirits to walk the earth. But what evil has been wrought on the road twixt Maffra and Sale, that it should possess a haunted house? There it is, however, for the curious to investigate. 