IN THE BUSH. ' T am but a snapper-tip of unconsidered triflea."— Sbaksoeare. / " The Czar is furious. 11 This is the curt , but ominous, intelligence which has been'flashed by the wires to the utter most ends of the earth; and a. respon sive thrill of appreherjsipn agitates the .civilised world. . At' -first sight there' appears something..of absurdityL; in the idea tliat the. .ilLtemper of one poor, mortal should cause so much alarm ; but when we remember that this same mortal man is an irresponsible ruler, and can " cry Havoc ano let slip the dogs of war" at his own sweet will, the intelligence is sufficiently disquieting. I am inclined to make some allowance for His Majesty's infirmity of temper', for it must be rather annoying, when, he Das made up his mind to. devour another slice of Europe, to find his in tended victim utterly opposed to the extension of his benevolent sway and other nations objecting to an extension westwards of his already overgrown empire. Then we must also consider bow his peculiar position may affect his mind. When the autocrat of the Russias is so fearful of being suddenly dispersed into minute frngments as to live in a virtual state of imprisonment, watched by armed guards night and day, travelling in a closed-up railway carriage, and starting in nervous dread at the cracking of turniture or Ihe creaking of a door we can easily imagine liow such a constant mental strain may produce a temporary aber ration of intellect. I'll oo you know the spectral forms that wait Upon a King; care, with his furrowed brow, Unsleeping watchfulness, lone secrecy, Attend his throne by day, his couch by night. But it is humiliating to our modern civilisation to know that a partial lunatic has it in his power to set in motion millions of men to engage in mutual slaughter, to plunge Europe into the throes of desolating warfare, and to paralys the operations of peace ful commerce. England has so long been spared the intrusion of a foreign foe, that we have almost come to con sider war as a purely Continental affair and can scarcely conceive the concen tration of horrors which is expressed in that one little word. All that the mind wonld shrink frcm of excesses ; All that the body perpetrates of bad ; All tbat we read, heer, dream oi man's excesses ; All that the devil would do, if run stark mad ; All that " defies the worst which pen ex presses ; All by which hell is peopled, or is Bad As hell — mere mortals who their power abuse- Was here (as heretofore aiid since) let loose, , Perhaps, however, Ihe more rabid the ruler, the sooner will the people arouse to a sense of their own strength, and re fuse to be immolated by thousands to pratify the caprice or the ambition of a madman. Napoleon prophesied that in fifty years Enrope would be either Cos sack or Repnblxan. Events hardly march with such rapidity, but " the lookers on see more of the game than ihe players," and my conviction is tbat the nations are steadily gravitating towards the latter. In ancient times the king had some right to existence, for, as Carlyle has shown ns, he was the know ing or canning man, chosen by his people for his eminence in warfare and wisdom, before the word had lo6t its real mean ing and become synonymous with vulgar deceit. I notice that America has re stored the word to its original usage, but tbat by the WRy. The king then was foremost in battle or council, but in the present age ho is generally only the central figure of dazzling but useless pageant. The nations of- Enrope are serionsly studying the advisability of abolishing tlieBe gaudy figure-heads, and the idea is slowly but surely fructifying. " God'save the King !" and bines, For if Ho don't. I doubt if men will longer. I tbink I bear a little bird who siege, The people by-and-bye wiil be the stronger : The veriest jade will wince whose harness wrings So much into the raw as quite to wrong her Beyond the rules of poetry — and the inob At last fall sick of imitating Job. That the present state of society, which is but the lingering remnant ol the extinct fendal 6ystem, can long endnre is an anomaly hard to reconcile. Even in England, which we have been accnstomed to regard as the stronghold of conserva tism, there are uneasy mutteriugs which portended the gathering storm. Even in my own lifetime I have seen some nations, like overloaded B8S6B, Kick off their burdens — meaning the high classes. and I firmly believe the time is not far distant when the consanguineous Repub- lics of Britain aqd America will join hands and defy the world in armB. Under all the circumstances; I am not surprised that royalty is at a discount, and that crowns go a-begging. If weniay believe in figures, which it is said are capable of proving anything, tne fate of most monarchs has been rather un pleasant. Some ' bookisharitbmetician" has computed that Ihe world has had 2550: kings,. &c.;, of whom 300 were overthrown; 64 forced to abdicate, 28 suicided,' 23 went mad, . 100 killed Jib! battle, 123 captured by the enemy, 25 trtl't.nFfti'1 f.n flpnt.h 1 onrl 1GS executed. - This makes about 30 per cent;', who suffered defeat or death. Well might Shakspeare say, " Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown." I fancy it would be a rather uncomfortable night cap. Even oar coins are silent witnesses to the decay of the popular belief in " The divinity which doth hedge a king," and the assumed diviue right of kings. The Dei Gratia, which once displayed its fall proportions, lias, like the absurd Fides Defensor, shrank" into .the two initial letters, and will probably disappear altogether from the : Fnperecription at a period not far removed from the retire- meat of their last representative;, vy: ; 'i In the meanwhile, we must recognise1 the logic of facts, and consider how far we may be involved in the consequences of a European outburst. We are no loDger the insignificant colony we were thirty years ago, but have developed into a wealthy community which may well tempt attack. In these circmn stances, an occasional scare does, good, in saving ns Irom a 8npine)_secnrity,VandyaB the wild boar in thefable whetted 'his tusks in time. pf .peace, so it behoves as to neglect no reasonable .precaution against aggression.. So that 'I am pleased to see the extension of martial feeling, as evinced hy - bur militia and ? : cadet?, and hope that' no mistaken parsimony may weaken our defences, for as; the Bard warns: us In causes cf defence 'tis best to weigh . The enemy more mighty tban he seems ; . So the proportions of defence are filled Which of a weak and niggardly projection, ! Both , , like a miser, ; spoil . his coat with . Ecanting a little cloth, I note that the citizens of the pleasant suburb of Kew have been lately <£ thrown into a state of excitement," to quote a favorite phrase of the reporter; by the pranks of a festive " ghost, clad in the orthodox white sheet, and of an altitude which has. been probably iucreased by. fear. I have read of- a similar visitation in different parfcs of' the colony, and fancy that this tricksy spirit must be partial to a change- of air occasionally, which shows that it has more sense than those weak-minded spectres who persist in hanging around one locality for centuries, to the ntter weariness of themselves and their beholders. What pleasure any sensible spirits can have in wandering about at unholy honrs, groaning and clanking chains in the approved ancient style, has always puzzled me, when they conld diversify their existence by chang ing tbeir domicile as easily and pleasantly as the swallows. But the Kew spectre is evidently of a more jocose disposition, and is gymnastically inclined, if we may believe the belated carter who saw him tarn a snmmeisanlt over his horse and cart. Tlie entire business bears a strong resemblance to the scare which was caused in Loudon abont forty years since by the vagaries of a practical joker, who, from bis astonishing feats of leaping, was known as Spring-heeled Jack. Who he was was never ascertained, ns he cleverly eluded all attempts to capture him, but the erratic Marquis of Water- ford was credited with the foolish and dangerous amusement. It is no exag geration to say that, while this continued, London suffered from a paroxysm of terror. How odd a single hobgoblin's nonentity. Should onnse .more fear than a whole host's identity. Bat the London spectre had, at least, the courr.ge to confront men ; whereas the Kew ghost appears too modest to interview any but women and children, whose nervous systems may receive a shock which may be irremediable. I have no doubt imagination has mnch to do with similar visitations, and rational men may argue with Brutus — I think it is the weakness el mine eyes That shapes this monsirons apparition. It i3 carious, with all onr vannted intellect, how liable we are to be over powered with terror by very simple causes. Any nuusnal sound or doubtful shape nnder. the shade and stillness of night will " strike terror to the sonls" of those who would calmly face a battery by daylight. Even the mighty intellect of Dr Johnson could credit- the wretched imposture of the Cock Lane ghost, abont the first authenticated case of spirit- rapping — . Hark ! on the wainsoot r.ow it knocks, ' If tkou'rt a "ghost, ' u - es Orthodox, With ikiit i.ff?clea solemn air Which hypocrites, delight to wear, And all these forms of conseqaenc9 Which fools adopt instead of sense ; ' If tbou'rt a ghost who from the tomb Ftalk'st sadly silent thr nigh the. gloom, In breach of nature's s'atrd laws, For good or bad or for r.o cause, Give now nine knocks; lik-> priests of old, Nine we a faored numbi-r hc-M.' I reckon there are few of us but mnst confess to having felt a " creepy" sensation at some time, when we have suddenly encountered some "question able shape," and a vivid fancy has invested some inanimate finger-post or mile-stone withauperna'.nral proportions. Some have mistaken blooks and posts F< r spectres, apparitions, ghosts, With eaucer-eyes and horns ; and some Have heard the devil beat a drum. Bnl I am inclined to believe tbat tbe Kew ghost is of more material mould, and is simply the production of some practical joker, wi h a pervmted sense of humor. With the present resources of civilised society; snch a dangerous species of amusement should be promptly sup pressed, and it will not reflect much credit on the courage or address of " the force" if this joker continues bis pranks mnch longer. Spring-heeled Jack soon disappeared when he met with determined resistance, and his colonial copyist will yield to equally vigorous treatment. Under the circumstances, I really think a doBe.of small Bhot wonld not duly prove a powerful - exorcism, but be per fectly justifiable. ' ' BILLY NUTTS. 