Antarctic Exploration. This question of Antarctic exploration is again being raisod in Melbourne, and appar otitly tlicro is a roasouablo prospect of some thing being dono. Anglo- Saxons aro novel' liapply unless thoy are looking for something and unable to find it, and ovon when there is nothing particular to look tor, there scorns to bo a certain pleasuro in making tho attempt. Somewhere or other on tne surfaco of tbis goat infeBtcd planet, thore is understood to oxista happy spot whero every prospect pleases, aud nothiug is vilo, except tho inhabitants and the snakes, and tho whisky, and a fow othor trifles of an equally insignificant character, and presumably it is this location whioh it is now proposod to seek at the South Pole. So far as the Antartlo regions aro yet known, thoy oonsisb chiefly of slush and ice, aud, unhappily for the ox plorors, there ia much inoro ico than slush. Moreover, neither in the snow above nor in tho ice boneath, nor. in tho slush which is under the ico, has anything been found to ropay exploration, but as yet voyagors in tho far south havo only touched the'fringo of tbo great ico barrier, and discovery has baroly commenced. Tito s'emch for a southorn con. tinpnt was begau by Captain Cook, and was afterwards continuod by a Russian officer whose name we are compollod to hold over through pressure on our space. D'Orvillo, Wilkes and Boss struck what thoy took to bo a largo extent of land, nnd tho former Rot into sorious dillicultics among the ioo borgs, but through tho cxoroiso of that vir tue whioh proved fatal to the cat, ho got back in safety. Tho only thing which theso iuon pjcorttuneil with cnttniqtj was that a groat rango of all but impassible clacior exists, which threatens to ohsck furtfior propress ; if tbis oan bo surmounted who can tell what lios beyond? Perhaps, far to tho southward, may lie found a civilised nation, cut off by tho icy peaks from all communica tion will] tho outer world, and afflicted with perpetual snulll-j owing to the cold of that in hospitablo roginn. Hound tbe Pole wo may picture, if we chioae, a poople advanced in sciono and art, with a govornmont carried on uudor constitutional principles, .and a Parliament whore an icicle haugs to tho noso oi the Spoakor, nnd a Bill haR.fo bo thawed out before it can bo passed. Thero may bo . a literatnro th?ro liko that of China ; thero may even bo a national debt, and bomb* may circulate written in uncouth hieroglyphics, the. 'prom so to pay' resembling a skeleton '. in -hysterics, and tho signature of tho shivering presidont looking like'tho roar elevotionof a right between a lobstor and a ghost. There may bo diamonds and prooious metals in that far-away land, and there cortainly arc whales and soala in tho Antartio seas, so that, bolwoon our small store o£ knowlodgo, and our vast as sorted stock of frozen igmr.uico, thero is much so induce exploration. Until tbo Vic torian Ministry arrive at a definite conclu sion on tho matter, however, it is doubtful whether anything will bo undertaken. Mr. Gillies is, apparently, favourablo to tho idoa of contributing in aid of nu expedition, but the proposal will probably bo tbo subject of a keen discussion between the Government and tho Bcait— as somo Victorians now ttrm tho Opposition -aud it is, of course, possible lhat tho Lovrer-Animol — another designation for Mr. Bout's following — may succeed in ;)iittiii[» a veto on tbo proposed expenditure. — Roekhampton. liulletin. 