SPORTING. TASMAIi JAN_ R4QING CLUB'S - i MEETfiJft.' IBv Teleirranh. I Third Day— Friday. Hobart. January 22. Another beautiful day, and the attendance juite up to the average, Over £2,000 went through the totalizator during the day, the dub clearing UDwards of £400 hv ita tisb. ihe following are the results of the day a racing:— I SELLING RACE, Of E0 sots. Weight for age. Five furlongs. Mr. M. P. Whitty's Martyr, 6 8 1. 12 lb. (Stebbinga) 1 Mr. W. Miller's Bonny Blue, 8 at 11 lb. (Kobert son) „ ? .. .. -2 Mr.; Powell's Guy Faux, 7 si. 12 lb. (S. Davis) ..3 Wild Rose and Magic also ran. Won in a common canter by a length and a half. Time, 1 min. 8 sec. TASMANIAN RACING CLUB HANDICAP, Of 100 sovs.; second, 15 sots.; third, 5 sova. One andahalf mflea. ' Mr.jJ. Kearney's Granville, 8 st. i lb. (Robertson) 1 Mr. H. B. Falkiner's Meteor, 8 at 9 lb. (Power) 2 Mr. J. Powell's Western, 8 st. 4 lb. (3. Davis) .. 3 Wild Wave, Ballarat, Pyrrhus, and Borealia also started. ? . : ..?-?? Won by a neck. Time, 2 min. U sec ;? STEEPLECHASE, Of 120 sots. About three miles. Mr. J. Pile's Bob Cooper; 11 st. 7 lb (McLeod) .-.- 1 Mr.' G. T. Lawes's Edward, 10 st 4 lb. (Sevan) . . 2 M ;i O. T. Lawes's Kanaka, 11 st. 10 lb. (Owner) 3 Bereaford also ran. Won by twenty lengths. Time, 6 min. 20 sec ALL-AGED STAKES, Of SO sots. Three-quarters of a mile. Mr. T. Heating's Vision, 8 st 5 lb. (Thornton) .. 1 Mr. H. Kenning's Duke of Athol, 8 st. 9 lb. (S. Davis) ? - 2 Mr. M. P. Whitty's Sir Lancelot, 9 st. (Powner)- 3 Wool King, Pocahontaa.'Led Astray, Gasburner, and Westeria also ran. Won by a short head. Time, 1 min. 19} sec \- ' FREE HANDICAP, Of 40 sots. Half a mile. Mr. T. Heating's Union, 9. st 6 lb. (Keating) .. 1 Mr. H. Kenning's Duke of Athol, 9 st 8 lb. (Batty) ? .. .. 2 Mr. J. Powell's Western, 8 st 11 lb. (S. Davis) ..- 3 Pocahontaa, Bonny Blue, Borealis, Meteor, Tich borne, Westeria, and Derision also ran. Won by a length. The following items are taken from the ' Sporting Notes' in this week's Observer : — The postponement seems to have spoilt the success of the Victorian Club Meeting financially. Many people had gone to Tas mania, and the attendance at Flemington waa very scanty, despite the fact that tine fields were starting in most of the races. South Australia won the principal race with the hitherto unlucky Lavington, but the value of the victory is represented by the amount of the stakes, as with the exception of one backer who landed a century I have not heard of any Adelaidean having supported the son of Countryman and Nancy. Laving ton has been backed time after time without giving his friends any return for their money, and just at the time when every one had deserted him he crops up and wins. Some horses have a knack of winning directly their long-suffering supporters tire of following their fortunes. Mr. Filgate is one of the most hopeful men that ever trained a horse, and he certainly would have persuaded some of his friends to back the colt if he (the colt) had not hurt himself on the training ground two or three days before the race. However, the stake is a valuable one, and I congratulate Mr. Filgate upon having won such a good prize. If I am not mistaken it is the first race of any impor tance which has fallen to the family since Glenormiston won the Adelaide Cup nearly eight years ago. During hia racing career Lavington haB started 47 times ; his record being 4 wins, 6 seconds^ 7 thirds, and 30 timea unplaced. Insolvent is quite' at the top of the~tree among the hurdle racers just now, and judging by his present form the Ballarat bay will be a hard nut for The Agent and Duration to crack when they return to tbe jumping business. On Saturday Insolvent seemi to have won as he liked, and as Royal Maid was serond best the form reads better than if Sinking Fund had run second on his merits. Vulcan fell, and has since died from the injuries he leceived, but I am glad to hear that the popular Corrigan escaped with a shaking. A fine field of nineteen did battle in the Victorian Club Cup, the competitors including such high-class handicap performera as Grace Darling, Acolyte, Britisher, Sea horse, Camerine, Madcap, Chuckster, Don Quixote, and Lord Wilton. Thirteen of the nineteen were backed, but from the fall of the flag there was only one in it, as Lavington jumped off in his usual brilliant style, and favoured by his feather weight, he kept his place all the way. Not much reliance can be placed on the positions held by the others in a race where one horse wins from the jump, but I daresav Claptrap was fairly entitled to the place he obtained. Chuckster obtained no notice from the Judge, but a man like O'Brien seldom perseveres when pursuit becomes hopeless, and Mr. Wallace's horse will probably do better at Geelong, at the end of the month. Grace. Darling ran last and is evidently out of form ; but she will come again some day, especially if the handi cappera allow her a rebate for her late in glorious displays. Mr. F. F. Dakin scored a win in the Two-Year-Old Race with St. Paul, and the colt started at a nice backing price, owing to the public fancy for Mainsail. Sevior pave the BiDg 'an unexpected turn in the Selling Race, as Snip went out at 10 to 1 ; but the hitherto unlucky Lady Ashton wa3 a warm favourite for the Steeplechase. Col stoun's half-brother Solo must be a very smart horse, and if he had beeifput by for the New market he would probably have gone very near avenging his relative's head defeat at- the hands of Tyropean. Mr. Barnard let him off' very lightly when he put him in the January Handicap at 7 st. 9 lb.. but as he went out at. r to 1 backers cannot have thought the colt too well treated. The ancient Waterloo, who was backed for tons of money in the Mel bourne Cup won by Zulu, ran second, while Lavington, who was backed this time, failed to get a place. ' ' ' ' That tine horse Duration added to his fame this week by carrying 10 st. 8 lb. to victory in the Hobart Cup. This particular weight will always ba identified with The Barb, as Mr. Tait's little wonder was burdened with 10 st. 8 lb. when he won the Sydney Cup in 1869 — the last race he started for. The Barb is believed by many to be the best racehorse we have seen in Australia, but it is impossible to gauge the relative merits of cracks that have performed at different periods. In the Barb's day competition was not so great as it is nowa-days, but there is bo denying the worth of a horse that carries 10 st. 8 lb. and wins a race like tie Sydney Cup against the best talent of the time. Duration's opponents on Wednesday were a very moderate lot, but A3 he cut out the mile and a half in 2.43 he must be a good all-round horse. At the same time. The Assyrian's' record in Tasmania in 1883 was as good, it not better, as he carried 10 st. 7 lb. and won the Hobart Cup,, beating Rhesus (8 sfc. 7 lb.) and Sheet Anchor (7 st. 3 ib.), while on the second day of the meet in -r the son of Country man and Tin finder won the Derwent Plate with 11 st. on bis back, tbe other places being tilled by Rhesus 8 st. 11 lb., and Sheet Anchor 6 at. 10 lb. The Assyrian won the mile and three quarters in 3 min. 12 sec, and the mile and a half in 2 min. 41 sec., so that bis Tasmanian record was quite equal to Duration's, and the son of Hughenden will have to win a good race at Flemington before h&caa; be stamped a first-class horse on the flat. . Mr. John Pile has had very bad luck: in* Tasmania so. far. ' Lantern and Bob Cooper both missed their races and Ballarat was unplaced in each of tbe Cups. Perhaps better luck may attend the stable on the last day of the meeting. The totalizator ia slowly bnt surely gaining ground df spite the rebuff it sustained when the Legislature rubbed it out in this colony. At tbe Hobart meeting held this -week the machine ^as in full swine, and there are growing siens of the popular instrument comiDg into use all over the colonies before long. 'When it does racing clubs will be able to give prizes that will speedily cause the Tanks of horseowners to increase and mul tiply. At Hobart the bookmakers very un -wisely threatened to proceed against the club for using the totalizator, and of courae this silly attempt at coercion only made the stewards more settled in their determination to work the machine. ? Last Tuesday, I paid my annual visit to Birktgate to see the yearling fillies which Sir Thomas Elder will send, to Melbourne for the March sales. The batch' this year is an unusually heavy one, there being fourteen ' onng ladies under the care of Fitzroy. Several of these may not be offered for sale, but simply leased for their racing career. -Last year when I visited'Birksgate the team was Dot so large as it is this year, but it in cluded Maddelina, Louise, Barta, and Anita, ; all of whom have made theii mark -in Vic toria this season, while Faithful, who has not yet run, was also of the party. I was more impressed with this batch than I was with those Fitzroy showed us on Tuesday, but [they were more forward in condition, and a Ifew weeks' time may effect a wonderful im Iprovement in the young ones now at Birks jgate. Meg Merrilies's filly is by Darriwell, iand a great slashing mare she is, but the change of sires has rrade a wonderful change tin appearance, aa this year's rilly ia not a bit 'like Maddelina. In colour she ia bay, with ! great length and a fine middlepieoe, but she lacks tbe massive quarters and back of Mr. ? Long's filly, and is rather narrow to folio*. Maddelina's only defect was a sour, com mon-looking head. Darriwell has cor rected this fault as Meg's filly- this year has a nice intelligent head, and :? looks like . possessing a kind temper. '?? A very dark l)rown filly by Gang Forward, out of Joeephine^ and therefore full sister to : Marie Louise and First: Consul, ia a grandly grown filly, -with splendid lenetb and' sub stance. At present there is nothing better at Birksgate, and with fair luck it will not be easy -$o. pick a better one at -the sales in t March.' Guesswork's full sister ia a bay, but I Bhe reminds me more ql Guesswork than Cf Aiblins or Perchanoe, being built in the same compact mould as the 'galloping machine,' and having his good barrel and quarters. The chesnut by Gang Forward, out of Helen, is a good sort of filly, and I liked very much a sweet-looking brown by Wild Eagle, out of Aurora, whose only fault is a lack of power behind. A lengthy, stout filly, by Darriwell out of Promiae, will grow into a big one. She is very like tha Mel bourne Cup winner in outline, but shows more power and size than moat of his stock. One of the gems of the collection is a brown by Emulation out of Miami This filly is the image of her sire, strong as a castle, with nice length and a splendid set of legs., Mr. £1 worthy bought Miami and Aurora in foal at Mr. Ross Reid's sale for very little money, and their foals should pay the cost of the mares. Garibaldi's sister is small, but smart looking, and the bay, by Neckersgat out of Fidelity (daughter of Promise), though small, is a Bhapely, clever-looking filly, that will race. A very nice chesnut is the full sister to Damocles and Umberto, and a brown by Gang Forward out of Fidalma (sister to Pride of the Hills) is a smart-looking filly, that should stand plenty of wear and tear. La Naines, bay filly, by Darriwell, is a nice com bination of her sire and dam, and nothing at Birksgate looks more like gallopping, and coming of such parentage she ought to leave her mark on the racecourse. The Messrs. Robertson will send half a dozen yearlings to Melbourne for sale at the end of next month. They are all by The Englishman, the dams being Tinfinder, True Blue (daughter of Deceptive), Catspaw, Ex celsior, Griselda, and Lady Elizabeth. I hear great accounts of Tinfinder's colt, and this yonngster is sure to create keen competi tion. Mr. W. A. Filgate left Melbourne by Wednesday's Bteamer, bat Lavington remains at Flemineton until after the autumn meet ing. The weights for the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup^will appear next Mon day. The hurdle racehorse Ontario and a two year old colt by Gang Forward oat of Helen are shortly to be sent as sires to Mount Burrell, where Sir Thomas Elder is forming a horse station. As showing the ins and outs of turf specu lation a calculating man in an English sport ing paper has taken the trouble to show what would have been won in backing winners on the last day of the season at Manchester, which was a terrible time for backers, and a corresponding harvest to the fielders. There were nine races on the card, inclusive of a match, and not one of the favourites was suc cessful, long odds against the winners being the general order. Therefore, supposing a sovereign had been put upon the first winner, and the backer had gone on ' playing up,' as it is called, he would have found himself the possessor of the unknown quantity of £1,453,888,132 8s., or, in plain words, nearly fourteen hundred and fifty-four millions of pounds Bterling ! The old schoolboy's task of doubling the twenty-four nails in the plates of a horse's four feet, from one upwards, was nothing to this. But there is the positive improbability of Bash a feat being accomplished as naming nine winners in succession. The odds about such a con tingency are incalculable. Mr. John Pile had the misfortune to lose that useful gelding Lantern at Hobart on Thursday. The big son of Wild Eagle broke his leg while running for the Welter Handicap and was destroyed. Lantern, though owned during the greater part of his racing career by Messrs. Crozier, was bred by Mr. Pile, and that gentleman bought him back at the last V.R.C. Spring Meeting. Up to six fur longs Lantern was a very brilliant horse, and in May last he won the Goodwood Handicap over a mile, beating Lord Wilton, The Ghost, St. Lawrence, St. John, and other smart horses. In the country he won a number of races, and was once successful in Adelaide, but this year he won nothing. I understand that Mr. Filgate has received assurances of large entries from Melbourne if he gets up the proposed Tattersall's meeting in! May. A number of owners say they will come over, and all the principal bookmakers have expressed their intention of making the trip if good prizes are offered. Mr. Andrew Town, the nremier breeder of tbe colonies, had a wonderfully successful sale in Sydney on Thursday. Lord Caring ton, who intends to go in pretty extensively for races, was one of the principal buyers. As usual the Fawn's yearling brought tbe top price. I believe that Morambro was sold to Mr. T. Jordan on Thursday, and not to. Mr. Gordon, as stated in the telegraphic report of the sale. ' The A.J.C. intend increasing the stakes for their 1886 7 programmes to £11,250. From the English papers to hand, I see that Mr. Herbert Rymill has sold Bruce for 3,000 guineas. Bruce was a favourite for the Derby won by Shotover, but could only get fourth, and this defeat seems to have brought abont Mr. Ry mill's retirement from the Turf, as the Bruce and Rosy Cross colours are never sported now-a-days. '- - ;. I Owing to the Club using the totalizator the bookmakers struck, and refused to bet on the Hobart - Cup. On Thursday most - of the pencillers eschewed racing, and went down the river for a picnic. | Tbe Geelong Cup has dwindled down to ten horses. The following are the names of those'Jeft in:— Britisher, 8 st. 5 lb. ^Ancho- rite, 7 st. 10 lb.; Chuckster, 7 st. 8 lb.; Ring master, 7 at. 7 lb. ; Claptrap, 7 st. 4 lb. : Hill top, 7 st. 2 lb.; Merman, 6 st. 8 lb.rGipsy's Warning, 6 st. ; First Prince, 6 st.; Ballarat, 6;st. ?'-' .-:.'~ ' . ''-— ; ? ~: ;— — - ! Referring to the death of Mr. Charles Brewer, the owner of Robert the Devil, c'AuRur' in the Sporting Life says:— 'Mr. Charles Brewer, whose death is chronicled iii these columns, had been for nearly twenty years one of the best known men -on the turf, haying taken a leading position from early life. As a straightforward and successful commission agent he laid the foundation of a substantial fortune, *nd also —it iat which no money can buy — the esteem and respect of all who knew him either in his public or private life. Though appa rently a strongly-built, robust man, his con stitution was really a delicate one, and, as is not unfreqaently the case, his ruddy looks atnd sturdy build were only outward dis guises to the canker that was preying within. Added to this, he was of very excitable temperament, and knowing this, the mental efforts brought to. bear to suppress show of feeling, had effects upon his constitu tion which his friends could but too plainly perceive. Under the most trying circum stances to which a man of keen feeling, with vast money interests at stake could possibly be subjected, I have seen him outwardly so subdued and smiling that none but himself could have known of the fire of conflicting emotions raging within his breast. I allude particularly to that memorable Derby when Bend Or beat Robert the Devil by a head. Until the last couple of strides it appeared that Mr. Brewer's horse would win, and even when the post was passed thou sands thought he had won. The excite ment was fearful, and iia friends cheered and cheered him again, hats flying in all directions, and the names of 'Robert the Devil' and * Bend Or' coming in roars from myriads of throats. For a minute— and jninate8 then represent hours, days, and sometimes years— men went' mad, 'for par tizanehip waa fierce indeed! And then up went the number of the Duke of West minster's Bend Or : so that, in a second, as it were, triumph waa turned into de feat. It so chanced that I was standing within a yard of Mr. Brewer in the weighing-room, when. tbe. jockeys— P. Archer on Bend Or, and Rossiter on Robert the Devil — came back to scale. 'The latter jockey, 1 need hardly remind my readers, * was blamed for losing the race by turning his bead just as Archer swooped down upon him with the bice chesnut in exactly the same ; style that he- brought up Melton and beat jWebb on Paradox this year. Charles Brewer stood smiling, looking over the rails at the scales, and said to those making remarks, i* Sou may- blame him; if you like, but if nobody blazaes the bavmore than I do, he fwon't hear a word.' - Poor Rossiter was soon after crying like a child, and never seemed to be the same man afterwards. How Robert the Devil afterwards won-the-Grand Prix de ;Paii8, the St Leger, — the (Jesare witch, and the Gold Cup and Alexandra Plate at Ascot is still green in memory. Mr. Brewer anticipated his own 'death, and was bo satisfied that his end iwas near, that he dissolved all hia racing and ^business partnership?, one of the latest being ithat announced in the London Gazette last iweek with his brother, Mr. F. Brewer. In :racehorses he .was™ long.' associated 'with j Charles Blanton, the famous trainer of New i market, and one of his last possessions was ithe twovear-old Decue of Clubs, who wa3 isold in th'e. Houghton Week to dissolve the partnership between them for 3,500 guineas. ;MrrC. J. Merry ' being his 'purchaser, and whose nomination for the Derby h now : void. _A friend_who_bas_Just .returned Jrpm.MeU : bourne tells rre that Liverpool, Thunderbolt, Winchester, and Lord Wilton are all more or less lame. F. McNamara is about to become-private^trainer to-Mr. J-.-Cohen,-and he will give up Lord Wilton and the other hones he now trains. Mr. Fennelly has arrived from ? Sydney with ~ his team, and backers are already taking 100 to 4 about Uralla for the' Newmarket Handicap. Layington'siDJured knee looked so bad- in the paddock before the race for the Victorian Club Cup that as much as 100 to 2 waa laid against him, and the Leviathan bet 100 to 5 thathe_WQuld_not._win_after the horses had entered the straight. T 