SPOUTING NOTES. Bv ' Newmarket/' Already tbe eq nfse forces are begicning to concentrate at the racing headquarters. and earl; in the week a Urge section of the Adelaide diriu'-n put in an appearance at Flemi&gton.; The lot comprise Lord Wilton, Newztead, Hortenee (by Gang Forward), Josephine, Harridon (by Darriwell), Meg Merrillee, Trojan, Lira, The Levitt, Si. Julian, find Ih9 twe-year-old brother to Troj"an. The etrisg also includes the hnrdle- raoer Success, and Whisperer the steeple chaser ; so that it is a pretty representative lot for one trainer to have, and it will be hard lines if Mr. L. Q. M Donald does not daring bis present sojourn annex some of the good things offered in Victoria. The first set in tbe spring drams of the Australian turf terminated at Hawkesbury on Saturday, and if the success which it achieved can be taken ae augury of the future, we are destined to have a merry time of it with each change of scene. The racing on Saturday had a particular interest to Victorians, for, though our representatives were numerically email in the principal event of the meeting, the bulletins received from the scene cf operations were very reassuring as regards Meteor's prospects ; but Kitawa receded somewhat in popular estimation, Neither was Sorella nor Keith thought so much of as they had been earlier in the week ; but Tbe Jewel was a strong fancy. Mr. Mayos representative, I see, supplanted every flung in the betting on the eourre, and went ont at 3 to 1 ; while 6 to 1 woe tbe odds that were offered about Meteor and Buxrilda. The raoe, it seems, did not present many features of interest, tor the brother of Bing- wood came through at the turn and, fairly smothering everything for pace, won by faslf fc dezen lengths. Before the raoe, Mr. J, D. Robertron, tbe trainer of Meteor, went down th the post to see bis horse off. There was d«!ay at "the star, and the Kingston trainer made some remarks to Mr. J. Keens which the latter considered offensive, and the matter was reported to the stewards, who od upon lb. Robertson for an explanation, intimating that they were determined to prefect tbe starter from interference or Mt On the matt r being investigated, MirVfeNtroa disavowed uy intention of and as the srew-ird were ' J rtd-.s\'K? v/&8 «kid was stored t to AT-ihoKefet cf excifeuient, fh-- en'bjeet wee -.n ssDf... Steieoi'fj 1 t XZii'.ii iCj' ; t \cr S4! '-iji-;'. U' ' i -i a Y " - f f '-v- - Thf S Aifaiie i os a o y.- ott c i of tCJjie, and ihougU I did not cua&e; nim my absolute selection for the Hawkesbury Handicap, be is one of the three I chose to furnish the winner. I would have been much sweeter on his chance were it cot that I was under itas impression that the Caolfield Cap would be his particular mission. He has now incurred a Tib. penalty for the V.A. T.C. event, and, good horse that he is, I doubt his ability to get home suceess- felly wish (hat weight in such a contest as the Caulfield Gap. Rand wick will be the attraction to day, when the Spring Meeting o! the A J-C. will commence, and, from present indications, everything points to an auspicious inaugura tion. As far as most people are concerned, however, the financial result of the meeting to the C;Ub is not of much moment, if, indeed, it is ever thought of. Fine weather is desired because it is pleasant and comfortable, and if backers oome out right, so much the better tor general enjoyment. This how ever, is by the way. Coming to the racing, I find The Agent at the head of the list in the Hurdle Race with 13s!., and if he goes to the post In anything like his old form he should win. Of the others, Bazza and Belle Brandon may prove most dangerous. Bravo, or Krupp, locks best in the Trial Stakes. The victory of Kingfish in the Hawkesbury Handicap stamps him as a really great colt, and as there is nothing on the score of breeding to induce the belief that he cannot stay, I shall make hiaa my selection for the Derby to day, and next to fhe New Zeaiander I like T/ideai, i like Sorella, Hogmanay, and Nepicallina in tbe Epsom Handicap, and Trenton ought to pull through in the Spring Stakes. For the Welter Handicap I have a faccy for Resolve, end Favo. Of those engaged iu the Metropo litan I like nothing so well as Bohemian acd Ringmaster, and I fully expect to see one or tbe other prove victorious Very satisfactory entries have been re ceived for the Melbourne Hunt Club Cop and Flat R oe. There are twenty eight hunters engaged in the first named event, including Abdallah, Narrung, Moonlight, Gold Tcp, Hon bod, Edaard, and other well-known jumpers. Among those in the mile dash on the fiat are die names of Euch celebrities as Meteor, Silvermine, Mozart, Dunlop, Dura tion, Middlemaroh, Gardenia, Gcookster, j The Ghost, Pocahonfas, St. OdiBe, Lesbis, I Honey Bee, Devotion, and a number of others. Interest in tbe Melbourne Cup does not betray itself at such an early period in tbe otter colonics as it did formerly, and a Duuedln correspcndent says that there is up to tbe present no interest taken there In the great event of the V.R C., and local book makers have given op the nation of promoting speculation us a bad job. " Sir Lauoceiot" cf the N'w Zealand Referee , has recently paid a vijnt to Cut:sV e.'abs, and has had a 1 <cb &t; ifce M variiand champi&c; Nelson ; ! but. though refers ic chs«-es of the \--1'" K;:>£ CoD. -.r. lit" Np-v Zfa-m-il Cup r:;". a r 'c <"? to - .v tv- : I it. - . ii - » ;ir> d»j no; avtaoh maca importance to oeuib repreeen;ed in the Y.R.C. Sires' Produce Stake?, for I observe that not one of the island stallions has been nominated for that event. This ciroametenfie, I think, is to be regretted, for it is in Victoria where Tasmanisn stod- masters look for a large measure o! support. Perhaps It is the belief that the island-bred youngsters don't come early that has caused the names of Lapidiet, Prow - Martyr, Larpect, and Napoleon to be omittted from the list ; but, in aey case, I am sorry to see that Tasmania is sot represented in a race which was established by the V.R C. chiefiy to eneeurage breeders of thoroughbred stock. Nearly all the most fashionable sires in Victoria have been nominated, and Gang Forward, Neckersgat, Richmond, acd Darri well form the Sooth Australian quartette. New South Wales has Chester, Grand Flaneur, Msribyruong, Epigram, Martini- Henry, Moorthorpe, and Monmouth to eaetain its interest ; so that, altogether, there does not seem so be much fear of tbe rare losing any of its importance. In imitation of the Great Eclipse Stakes, whioh waa euch a e access at Sandown Park, a great handicap is to ba run at Rceehiii, in January, 1888. The event is to be called the Centennial Cup, to which it is proposed to add the monifieent sum of 5.000 sovs. The winner will receive 3,500 sov&; second, 1,000 sovs. ; and the third, 500 sovs. Owners will be able to see the weight for 10 sovs, , tbe eeoond payment will be 20 sovs., and the final acceptance will be a like amount Whether there are sufficient owners io Aus tralia witling to pay £50 for the privilege of being represented in such a contest remains to be seen. Iu any esse, the executive deserve every eccouiagemect for their plucky venture, and, depend upon it, if it does take, it will be a boom in Australian racing. Acolyte s absence from the Metropolitan u occasioned by the horse having slightly injured one of his lege, and a word of praise is due to his owner for promptly making the fact known in Sydney, where the eon of New- minister was fancied to some extent. Ben Bolt and Silvermine are at present under a cloud, and both have receded in the betting for the Caulfield Cup. Racing continues to progress in New Zealand, and at a recent meeting cf the Auckland Kacing Club it was deoided to give away £7 930 in stakes this season. This | eum ie an increase of £800 on that of the J previous year. The summer meeting of tbe olub will absorb £4,700, and the remainder will be devoted to the spring, autumn, acd winter gatherings. From Tasmania I learn that Oaramat, by St. Albans from Agl&ia;, a horse who was muoh fancied as a yearling, is destined tor the etod this cesscn. Being a finely pro portioned animal, who has tbe further recommendation cf beiug nearly fall brother to M&Ias;, he. no daubt, will ccmm&cd; the attention cf the inland breeders. Baliarfitis chariots the general weal of t.nd I ybssrve that the iooai rutf o i ts. =. - s-c" tdry, Mr. F, Evering ! _/ _/» ; . b ? the eT"1' "5 " at ihe Bowling vO'tsi c -uree. vYtiOQm© Jack, who has been pretty prominently before readers of sporting gossip since he developed (t that leg," has at last found a haven of rest in New Sooth Wales, xhere be will do duties at tbe etud of Mr. D. Msckey, o! Singleton. Should Kicgfish he fortunate to supple ment his Hawkesbury Guineas win Oy annexing fhe A J.G. Derby to-isy, it wid give a fillip to the ex-New Zeaiander, as PrscatoricQB and Welcome Jack are both sons of Tr&ducer.; Noma, the dam of Darriwell, has dropped a fine colt foal to Maiua, Apropos of Males, a Bacchus Marsh friend tells me that the youngster's "pa" is understood in the district where he is trained to have a big ehow of placing a second Melbaurne Cap to his credit this year. Hippona, one of the m&ree; purchased by tbe New Zealand Stud Company, has dropped a fi ly foal to Guinea since her arrival at her new quarters. Squireen, who won & good many raors during the period he was iu Mr. J. Grippe5 charge, had to bs destroyed a few days ego. The following amounts won at the late Hawkesbury Rvcs- meeting have been over to the winners: — Mr. R K. Maitland, first, Meteor, Grand Handicap, £352 10\ ; Mr. J. Stockton, first, Kingfish. Goineas, £267 15s. ; Mr. A F. Smart, first, Burrilda, County Pores, £255 ; Mr. A. E. Cornwell, first, Pet Girl, Spring Handicap, £120; Mr A. E. C rowell, second. Here's Lock, September Handicap, £10 ; Mr. A. E. Coru- weli, first, Pet Girl, Members Handicap, £90— £220 ; Hon. James White, third, Tamarisk, Guineas, £26 5s. ; H cm. James White, first, Tamarisk, Produce. £115 ; Hon. J »©e White, eecocd, Acme, Produce, £20 — £161 as ; Hon. W. A. Long, second. Gross- are. Guineas, £52 1G.. ; Hon. W. A. Long, first, Eskersley, Two-v ear-old Stakes, £100— £152 lo«. ; Mr. W. Gosper, third, Aims, Spring Handicap, £10; Mr W. G-epcr, first, Alma, Disposal Stakes, £90— £100 ; Mr. J. Payten, first, Arista, Pablio Auction tj ? If if ' r R Kennedy, first, Paladin, September Handicap, £90 ; Mr. J. S?0, CC3®a» The ewel. Grand Handicap, £70 10a. ; Mr. J, Mayo, third, Eisisore. Bracelet. £20 — £90 10s. ; Mr. A. Town, hreeder T\\_ffIS,n6r of Stakes, £50; Mis. TJn ?,ate' Rd£olTC Bracelet, £50 ; Mr John Corn well, third. B.Y., Grand Handi- p, £167 ; Mr. C. Roberts. Beoosd, Bebcs 1 Pabiie Auction SUkee, £10; Mr. C. T. Roberts, third, Orange Blcsiom, Two-yeai o!d S(gfees, £20_£S0 ; Mr. W. J. Formler, weond, Folly. Ooaoty Pane, £30; Mr. W. fond' Two-year-old Stakes, n , CcrnweU, eeoond, Petroael, Brevet, £30; Mr. J. Kerr, second, Victory, Spring Handwap, £20 ; Mr. 8. Martin third, Htninay, County Purse, £10; Mr. H R b rrs eeoond. Lridkardt, Members' Hand i- pi5ti L Woasghsn, third, Gen buy Producs Stak e, £10 ; Mr. P. 8 Marab', w Disposal Stakes, £10 am.'v i ff".!'8. The meeting resulted , a pro at of £470 io the Club. ! Bohfmian. and Goodwood . hare ar ived m Sydney. Before going ove hate TK? ,ra ' a mile and a The R«owiok touts thmk Bohemian a bit lusty, but they agree that ho moves iu f moe style. R be can stay, what a luxury 7dt. should be to such a big her go. j I am pleased to say that the reaent c ®eet«g-esaltod ja a profit of £470. Such a result must be highly gratifying to the eeoretary, Mr. 0. S. Guesi, to whose assiduity the sucosts of the meeting 12 mainly due. MeBBrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. report having sold on acoonnt of Mr. C. B. Fisher a brown colt, four years, by The Hook— Beau Ideal. Oa scaoant of Mr. Oripps they have leased the stallion After Dark, also Messrs. T. and I A. Chirneide's Newminster to the Hon. H. I Miller ; whilst they have disposed of the hnrdleraeer Ruby, on aoooont of Mr. A Crczier. - J A regular meeting of the A.J.O. was held at TattersaU'sClub, Sydney, Thursday, The principal business was the consideration of a motion to prohibit the raciog of two-year- olds before the spring meeting. About fifty members were present. The Hon. James White occupied the chair. After a long discussion, an amendment was carried that a conference be held with the committee of 1 the Y.R.C. to discuss what time cf the year two-year-olds should commence racing, and I the result of the conference to be reported to j a future meeting. j The annual meeting of the Victoria 1 Amateur Turf Club will be held on Monday, j the 4th October, at Menzies' hotel. The j principal business will be the election of I members of committee, and ail tho e J desirous of cff.riog themselves for election j must send in their names to the secretary I before the 26th inst. The retiring members I are Messrs. C. D. O'Halloran, James Grice, H. Fisher, and A. B. Blackwood. Buzza left for Sydney during the week to fulfil his A.J.O. engagements A.J.C. Scratohinga. — Metropolitan Stakes : Ben Bolt, Keith, and Krupp. A.J.C. Derby: The Frelate, Lady Marmion, Utopia, Coroban, Inca, V.C , Jacinth, and Lord I William. A.J.C. Oaks: Belvoirina, Lone1 Star, and Utopia. Hnrdle Race : Sinking i Fund. A1 Engagements : The Irishman, Kooljte, Devotion, The King, Elsinore, Ravensworth, Madeira, Zareba, E cape, Lalla Bookh My Lady, Krupp, Bosun, Midas, The Echo, Acolyte, and Ssymour. Second Foal Stakes: Lone Star, V.C, and Strephon. Tae gates, booths, etc., at Fleiiiington, to be used on (be occasion of the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting, will be sold at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday, the 23th inst. Since the knocking out of Ben Bolt and Silvermiue, William has become first favourite for the Caulfield Cup at 100 to 7. For the Metropolitan, Ringmaster is firm at 5 to 1, taken and wanted. Cerise and Blue and The Jewel come next at 100 to 14, and S to 1 is taken Bohemian. Mon e Christo is at 10 to 1, Bravo at 12 to 1, Lord of the Lake and Soreila at 100 to 7 each, and Myles na-Ooppaleen at 100 to 6 On the strength of a very satisfactory ga'lop, Trident has advanced to 5 to 4 on him for the A J.O. Dei by. 