&ftetcber.; The Lost Bear Hnnters. CHAPTER I. Ix was Deoember in the early part of the present century. The winter had commenced in good earnest, althought the fall of enow was less than usual in Canada. Time has wrought changes in the district of London, Ontario, since then. At the date of oar story it was very thinly peopled; the settlements were few and far between. Facilities for emigration were few; there were no steam ships to bridge the Atlantic; railroads had not been dreamed of; the British government were less liberal with land-grants, and there were fewer inducements for that varied enter prise which is now making the wilderness to blossom as the rose. Some gentlemen " in reduced circum stances," whom necessity had driven to seek to repair their fortunes in the land of deep snows and long winters, had obtained posses sion of large traots of land, which they sought to let at a very low rental to the poorer class of settlers, in order to found for themselves or their successors extensive estates as landed proprietors after the English model. Mr. T held one of these extensive tracts, almost equal to a modern-sized county in dimensions. Among the few who accepted his terms as settlers were John Howay and Thomas Nowlan. Howay was an English man by birth, and had been some years in Canada. Nowlan was an American, and had spent the whole of his life as a backwoods man, which means that he waB inured to all kinds of difficulties and dangers, and that he was not lacking in the ordinary resources of a man who had spent his best years in the wilds. Howay, though a young man, was past the middle age. Early one December morning Howay started from his log hut for a day at wood- cutting. Besides his axe, be had his gun and his dog Lion. He soon discovered the tracks of three bears, which they traced to a large tree three miles distant. Bears are not comfortable neighbors; and cows and sheep and pigs are not safe within their reach; besides which, their skins could be utilised for various pur posee; while, if young, their flesh would prove an acceptable addition to the winter's stock of food; and, moreover, the fat, if not Bold for bear's . grease, would be useful for many other purposes. Perhaps it was his eagerness to secure one of the bears, or even all three, as his own prize, which led him on to immediate attack, instead of returning to the? settlement for help, as be ehoold bare done. He began, therefore, at once to oat down the tree. Bat as the tree was at least sixteen feet in cir cumference, this was no light work, It wa3 needful, too, that he shoald keep a good look out, in case liia movements should disturb the bears. This he began to do, but, slackening his attention, he was presently put on the alert by the fall of a large piece of bark. Looking up into the tree he discovered, to his no Bmall consternation, the largest of the bears descending the tree, tail foremost. The appearance of the bear warned him to pre pare for the worst; so putting down his axe, he seized his gun, with the intention of firing. Second thoughts, however, led him to hesi tate. He might wound but not bill the ani mal, and so exasperate him, and increase his own danger. While he was thus deliberat ing, the bear had nearly reached the ground, when the dog set up such a furious barking that the bear worked swiftly ap the tree again. Oa reaching the top of the trunk where the limbs branched out, he paused, and turning roand, surveyed both man and dog with a fierceness which was truly alarming. Howay wished now that he had sought the help of his neighbours, for his position seemed more and more perilous. Rallying his courage, however, he seized his gun, and lodged a ball in the animal's neck, which brought him lifeless to the ground.^ Bat, strange to say,this success rather excited the fears than stimulated the courage of Howay. He could not make sure of killing the others, and in turn he might be their prey. Instead, therefore, of felling the tree, he made the best of his way to call in the aid of some neighbors. He returned with two men, three dogs, and another axe. The tree was soon cut through, but in falling, it straok against another, and broke off just about the middle, at the identi cal part where the bears had stationed them selves. Stunned and confused, the animals ran so close to one of the men that he actually pat the muzzle of his gun alose to the shoulder of the largsr bear, and lodged two balls in its body. The other made off and escaped an hurt, while the dogs engaged the wounded one antil he shook them off with their flesh badly torn. It was now nearly sanset, and the men re turned to their homes for the night. The next morning, Howay was again on the track of the bears, having now only one companion, ThomaB Nowlan. They were provided each with a rifle, an axe, aboot six charges of powder, and bread and meat sufficient for one meal, hoping to be back before nightfall. The manner of hunting bears in Canada is that of tracking their footsteps through the snow to their winter retreats; and the knowledge that these tracks sometimes take the hunter forty or even fifty miles from hia starting-point, should have forewarned the men to have been better provisioned,, know ing also that their return must be on their own footprints, and that if there shoald come a thaw, or a snowfall, they would be left with out a trail of any kind. The 12th December passed, and the adven turous huntsmen did not return. The next day, and the next, came and whent in like manner, and still they did not appear; the only tidings of them being that aboat two o'clock on the 12th they had been observed crossing a river, which, in accordance^ with the name of London given to the distriot, i called the Thames. It is a considerabl river, and flows in a direction south-west-by west into lake St. Glair. Their friends and neighbours now became alarmed, and concluded that they had perished with hanger and cold, or had been killed by the wounded bear. A son of the proprietor of the district, under whom some of them held their farms and lots, therefore assembled a large party of the settlers pertaining to the townships of Iiondon and N&ssouri;, with the purpose of seeking the lost men. They doubted not, however, that they had fallen a prey to the weather, even if they had escaped harm from the bears, for the cold was intense, their clothing was slight for the winter sea son, they had no tinder box, and were en tirely without means of any kind to protect them from the severity of the weather. The party in quest prepared themselves in every way for their hazardous undertaking. They stocked themeelves with provisions, pocket compasses, trampets, abundance of ammuni tion, sufficient clothing, and the apparatus for lighting fires; and, in addition, they took with them some of the best dogs in the country. There was one thing which added to their difficulties—a thaw had taken place, and ths snow had wholly disappeared from the ground, excepting in low and swampy situa tions. They had, therefore, no tracks what ever, and no idea of the direction the lost men might have taken, only the hint obtained from the men who had seen them crossing the river on the day of their departure. They had, as a consequenoe, no very sanguine hopes of finding them. They continued their search, however, for two days, exploring thousands of acres C5 forest and swamp, where they saw no trace of the foot of man. Giving up all hope of finding them, either living or dead— for they had not once come upon their track —the party returned home. There was one consideration which tended to mitigate the distress of the situation, to render the event less distressing than it might have been; the men had no family, so far as was known, to mourn their loss, or to suffer by their death; it was simply the neighbours who were grieved by the sad an painfal end which they oonaluded Howay and Nclan had come to. Thus day following day, and Christmas morning dawned. Yoang Mr. T was just in the act of despatching messengers to take an inventory of the property of the lost men, when the news reached him that they had re lumed a few hoars before, alive, bat in a con dition of the most utter wretchedness. As soon as possible, therefore, he went to see them, being anxious to know for himself that they were really alive, and to hear from them an acooant of their adventures and sufferings. It was a sight no one need wish to see, nor, having once seen, to behold a second time, They were spectacles of woe and misery and wretchedness almost beyond description— their garments tom, their countenances emaci ated, their eyes sank, their flesh whitered away, and their whola appearanea more like spectres than living men. They were only the ghosts of their former selves, and to con verse with them seemed like holding intercourse with the spirits of the de parted. Their privations and sufferings had been so great, that the record of them seems more like romance than sober history ; their protracted endurance was 80 astonish ing, and their deliverance so remarkable, that it may be alike interesting and profit able to listen to a relation of their adven tures. 