TFEF GOSSIP,. Br Augcb. Never, perhaps, since the inauguration of the Grand National meeting of; the V.R.C. have the. principal events borne so open a character. There has been plenty of double event wagering in connexion with the Grand National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, but outright wagering has not been , of anything like a sensational nature. In the Maiden Hurdle Race several performers of merit are ; engaged. Of course Sheet Anchor stands out prominently before all others, and it Mr. LoUghlm chooses to let him carry his green and white jacket he ought to win. I believe he has given every satisfaction during the schooling he has been subjected to, and he should bo able to wait upon bis opponents and win cleverly. Mackay, who has done such good service for his new owner, has been practising jumping under Mnlone'B care, and, though he is a little wild at times, he has acquitted himself fairly well. He has a rate turn of speed, as he has more than once demonstrated,' but perhaps the jumping may tire him. Hobart has been under Cripps's tuition, and has proved an' apt scholar, though I've at} idea'he has been j a trifle 'sore lately. Aristocrat" is another; promising hurdleracer, albeit. I should prefer Sir Launeelpfcitlip wereastarter. It is pro bable, 'hb\reVerfThitr thfe latter will "be re served . for the Grand National Hurdle Race, in which case I shall expect to see Shskt Anchob, Hqbabt, and Ma/ekav fighting it ont for places in the first event of the aay. There is nothing vgry great, I think, in the Maiden Steepte&asU;,' for ; which Wicjshffb, Was DAffoU and Andy look beet upon paper. , . IJhp Grand-Natlonar Hurdle Race wiU$}ot be ,/contested by a vwy numerous field, but the' quality of the competitors is likely to' he, moderately good. The withdrawal of The Agent has left Dnmtionat the head of the list' ■ This line-looking eon of- Hughenden ■ has satisfactorily, answered the question that hwhgep rat.to bijato his.trainervapd as he i« a racehorse, it » thought the weight will not'tSaventbim from making a bold effort for viptojry. - He-is called upon to concede lltb. to ;Sheet-Anchor, Whichhe cannot do- if tiie son of St Afbans Isequally proficient aaa jpmperi; HunftmimOttpe or (wide performed ——asly^. and^flhonldhebe preferred to meritoriously^) Sheet Anchor by ths ut&hle;/ the green and white may be worth following. ■ Nothing has dqne A-better prejmtation man the - South Australian representative Rdby; who is cer tain to stay tue distance, arid, remembering flow treU she acquitted herself on a previous .dcegsuAi at Fleminjgton, I carinot desert her riof. {'TKUtaltoer ia. another who- has gained A Win|alAfc brttckdf in ilhukhetMpolithn dis teil, and so has Xoob'te.'whQ ran at Caul sfiehlaiif.no diBtanos Was too far for him. }itfgl|er-has rsco^cwd' Hem his Gaulfield itftnd iiuf iSwiteimdielf creditably, ow noth!ft$6fWha3tbone. HilltophM ' ehd stews to WBteksn klpafotofowies, and tfcecsare leowfio fm^^tbawBpacti of " Grattaais remarkably .well -handt* >ped at Qqt. lQlb.» and »6 ii Sir Laufidfil at 9st 71b. If the Jatter can safely negotiate the hurdles he should be difficult to dispose of.' Under Scope's fostering care he has done famously since he took up his abode at Dowling Forest, and he ought to fioiBh in the first three. Aristocrat at 9st 41b. reads well enough, and I hear very good accounts of Ocean and Wild Dog, though I expect to see the battle for supremacy fought out between Sir Launcelot, Ruby, and Hunts man. Forty m'uiutes later the Grand National Steeplechase competitors will face Mr. George Watson The field will number about a dozen, Lady Ashton being top- weight with 12st. 51b. In Mr. M'Cul loch's hands this mare fairly galloped down her opponents when she won at Flemington, and as the mare is now in capital form her friends believe she will once more distinguish herself. She will again be steered by the Mathonra amateur, who was schooling her over the fences at CaulQeid a short time ago, when she jumped rather wildly, hut made no mis take. Stud ley, I'm told, was never bo well, and he will have the advantage of'being ridden by H. Watson, the most successful cross-country rider this season. Until a week or so back, Game was doing famously, but he was under a cloud for a few days, though should Corrigan be on his back this after noon, and no mishap occur, he will probably astonish those who imagine be is too far advanced in years. Both Blackthorn and Bob Cooper should have something to say at the iinish, the former for my choice. Native, Reticent, and Roulette are all nicely handicapped, arid the ancient Kanaka has been let off very lightly with 9st 12!b. Should the last - named prove victorious the quiet little town of Oatlands will be illuminated in honour of the victory of the " village black smith," George Law. Kildare, I'm sorry to hear, has injured himself, but Spangle has arrived from the Western District with the reputation of being the best mare they have produced for years. Brown Eagle also comes from Adelaide with a good name, but the others are supposed to be moderate. To eum up, I think the places will be filled by Blackthorn, Game, and Studley, and if a surprise is in store Kanaka may be the one to effect it. The Selling Hurdle Race may go to Fusilier or Mistake, and the best half dozen in the Flat Race seem to he Bohemian, Meteor, The Ghost, Quintin Matsep, Duke of Athol, and Lesbia, and to reduce these 1 should select Bohemian, Meteor, and Quintin Matsep. Mr. J. I. Saqui's handy little Turf and Railway Guide is to hand, and, as usual, contains a fund of information useful to sport ing men. Middlemarcb has once more changed hands,and is now the property of Mr. Harvey. He has changed about a good deal during his career. Breeders in search of well-bred stallions should have no difficulty in making a selec tion from the list which Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. submit to them this week. They are to be sold at their annual parade and sale at their yards, Newmarket, on Wednes day, August 4. Included are several first class performers, one of them being the ex champion of New Zealand, Welcome Jack, one of the best of Traducer's sous. Off Colour, by King Cole from The Gem, was a real good performer, and is a rare bred one. I may say the same of Waterloo One of the fastest homes ever %een at Flemington was Guesswork, who ran that wonderful; race with Commotion, when the latter beat him by a short bead in the Champion Race, three miles, which was ruti in 5m. 25$. Guesswork-has grown into one of the best-looking horses in Australia, and as he is a grandson of Stockwell he aught to sait some of the Tastruwian breeders. . Bos worth is another who has been returned as & winner of good races, and his stock now in training are very promising. After Dark, Achillea, Larpent, Atlantic, Real Jam, Limerick, Bend Or, Iron King, The Rebel, York, Cable* Bathurst, and Wonga are also down for sale, and those who believe in the Arab will have an opportunity of securing one of the .best ever imported in Crusader, a great performer in India, and as symmetrically-shaped as any horse in the land. Calma was a good racehorse, as he proved by winning the v. R.C. Mares' Produce Stakes and the Caul field Cup. Being by Yattendon from London Pride, by Honiton, a son of Stockwell, bis breeding will compare with that of any other horse in Australia, and therefore he should be successful as a sire. Chester, who is similarly bred, has proved a marvellous success at the stud, and I see no reason why Calma should not prove equally so. Mr. D. S. Wallace, who owns the horse, has determined to put Him to the Btud, and during the coming season he will stand at Ballark. He is to be limited to 15 mares, and hiB fee will be 15 guineas—reasonable enough for a horse of so high a character. A purse of 100 sovs. is to be given by the Agricultural Society of New South Wales for a -distance handicap trot, for all horses, saddle or harness, to be trotted in mile heats. Entries close with the secretary, Mr. F. Webster, TattenalFs-baildings, Sydney, at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, August 10. The con ditions of the Tribune Hunters' Plate, value 25 sovs., with 100 sovs. added, also appear in the advertising columns, and as Mr. Tom Watson won it last year Victorians ought to have another try. The programme for the August Moonee Valley .meeting Appears this week, and con tains half-a-dofcen events. Mr. Cox intends to give thetwo year olds a chance of distin guishing themselves, and has provided 60 sova for a three-furlongs race for maidens, colts to carryVst. 61b. and fillies 7et The Apepat Handicap of 50 bo vs., four furlongs and^^GwtnAianHa^icapof1^eova, six furlongs, will allow aotne of our amateurs to sporisilk. A Steepltchase of 60 sova, Sell ing Race, of ISO sovs., and the Essendon Handicap of 60 bovs. are the other events. The proprietor of .Moonee Valley., ia pro verbially fortonaiteia tfeetoatterof Weather, and on Saturday last heagain had a fine day and abumper attendance. There were several good-looking two year olds in the Trial Stakes, and-the grawfoetoffcbe lot was Opgl, who.iiby Wellington from The Gem.* At preset, ho seeypr, he is as . alow as a man, tod he couldn't get up a team enough to keep 1 near the other homes. Edith, who was bred at Tabletyp by Mr. JapreaMitcheU, ia by Glorious from,Maugana, who runs back to, thp Tasintoi^mj^^Appanhoni Shfc won the ^ial Stto^s verybasfly, and, being .a great raking buy, she ought to improve into a i$al good''Quae year ol^; Esaie was, de feated, totb^yhsgr^ped, for sho had to put up a 121b. penalty, ,and, moreover; did not get off so well aa the winner, Tiofot looked the good tnlngto /mpOT that she proved on turf, bnt htr *peartjr wpld'foarAly have bred so, cohfide^^MjQmdfldd, tor After touching 8 to' 1 ■ opds If ton vol wefe bbt&ihaple.; She warn Very easily,- ao eaiifly, indeed, that it u quite ccortun T. Jones lWH a phptfy smart Mly in. this daughter' 61 St Albank tod I'm steMifrJn^ an «Sv*W9WilltiffiM WMMdlftt lock, who made such an example of hia ] opponents in the Steeplechase, is a useful son of Argus Scandal, and may be heard of in | even better company. Midnight twice I jumped into the water, and whatever chance he may have had was thereby extinguished. Cuba gave her owner a lift in the Selling ] Race, and I was glad to see the veteran W. Lang have a winning turn with Medea, another of the famous St. Albans family. The stud horse Meteor, who often carried Mr. James Pateraon's colours in Victoria, had to be destroyed a short time ago. He had been for some time standing in New South Wales, and met with a serious injury to his shoulder. Finding that he showed no signs of improvement, his owner gave instruc tions for the horse to be shot. At the sale of the Woodburn (America) yearlings some big prices were paid. Among the youngstemsubmitted was a full brother to Foxhall and Kentucky Maid, the latter of whom is now in the Bundoora-park stud. There was some spirited competition for this youngster, and, eventually, he fell to the bid of Mr. J. B. Haggin, of San Francisco, for 6,100 dollars, or about 1,200 guineas. The purchaser is one of the most spirited sports men in the United States, and it was he who bought Sir Modred from Mr. Maclcay, of New South Wales._ He previously offered a large sura for either Commotion or Darebin. Mr. Haggin also purchased the next highest priced youngsters at the Woodburn sale, for be gave 4,100 dollars for a bay colt by Falsetto from Crucifix, by Lexington, and the same price for a colt by King Alfonso from Glenluine, by Glenelg, The highest-priced among the fillies was one by lung Alfonso from Veritas, by Lexington, which realised 2,400 guineas, Mr. Haggin again being the buyer. At the Runnymede sale Mr. Haggin was again to the fore, and gave. 3,500doL for a grey colt by Billet from Mary Clark, by Lexington, the highest price at this disposal being paid by Mr. E. Corrigan for a colt by King Ban from Puzzle. Again at theElmen dorf sale Mr. Haggin gave 4,000dol. for a colt by Virgil from Regan, by Lexington. As he spent many thousands of dollars in the pur chase of mares and fillies, Sir Modred will have a very choice collection in his new home. So-good a sportsman deserves to suc ceed,.and it is gratifying to fiu<j( that he won the principal stakes for two and three year olds at the San Francisco spring meeting, also that he was successful in the Ken tucky Derby, run at Louisville. The last named race created a great deal of interest, and he won with a colt named Ben Ali, by Virgil from Ulrica, by Lexington from Ernelia, j by Young Emilias from Persian, by Whisker. The winner carried 8st Gib., and ran the mile and a half in 2m. 30J3., which was a great performance. I. Foulsham had a bit of bad luck last week through hia feed-house aud a cottage being burnt down. Fortunately, nothing more serious occurred. The appeal of Mr. Gordon to the Austra lian Jockey Club, in which he claimed the j sweepstakes, was heard a few days ago, and decided in favour of the Albury club. It | I is to be hoped the South Australian is now I satisfied. He certainly had some cause to [ grumble, but, as Mr. Ten Brink pointed out that the full programme stipulated that the sweepstakes was not to go to the first horse, he might have saved the club considerable trouble by accepting the explanation. Mr. Martin Louglilin has definitely decided to contest the seat for the Legislative Council in the Wellington Province. Mr. Norman Wilson, the master of the Bal Iarat Hounds,.intends to pay a visit to Queens land, and on Saturday evening a cornpll- i mentary dinner was given to him at Craig's Hotel, Ballarat. There was a good sprinkling of hunting men and lovers of sport, and Mr. Martin Laugkliu occupied the chair, and, the vice-chairs were filled by Messrs. J. O. Inglis and R. Moffatt After the enstomary loyal toasts had been honoured in a becom ing manner, Mr. James M'Pherson proposed " The Parliament of Victoria," and the Hon. G. Young responded for the Legislative Council, mid the Hon. W. C. Smith for the Assembly. The chairman then proposed " Our Guest," and in doing so he said that he had watched his career from boyhood, and < the more he knew him the better he liked him. The public, as well as the lovers of the grand old sport of hunting, were indebted to him for many pleasant afternoons with the lionnds, for he studied those on wheels as well as those on horses. It is needless to Bay that when Mr. Louglilin proposed the toast it was received most enthusiastically, and the cheering might have been heard at Buuinyong, Me. Wilson, on rising to re spond, was received with loud cheers. He said that be was deeply moved by the manner in which the toast had been received, and he said that as he was anch an ardent lover of the sport of hunting he supported it as much for himself as the public. He was always pleased to see the people eujoying themselves, aud nothing gave him more pleasure than to greet a number of visitors in the field. Mr. G. G. Morton proposed the health of the chairman, and spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Lougli lin for the manner in which he had sup ported hunting and everything else in Bal larat The toast was drunk in bumpers, aud Ma Loughlin, in reply, said he considered it only his duty to foster the industries and the sport of Ballarat - He was proud of the beautiful ckv where he had lived for 30 years, and to which he w*s indebted for the fair. share , of the things oi this world which "he now pose eased. Dr. Ochiltree proposed the visiting master, Mr. J. 0. Inglie, who had, in the absence oi Mr. Wilson, performed the duties in a manner which bad given,satisfaction, to everybody. Xr» Tm/dIis ■anliaii in n nooA litfln nnil Mr. ItigUs replied in a neat little speech, and then several-other toasts were proposed and honoured. ; Daring the eveningr.it was an nounced that the following handsome dona tions had been promised to provide ptizenor the next Ballarat Hunt Gul) meetingMr. Martin Loughlin, 100 guineas: Mr. James M'Pherson, on behalf ofMrs. M'Pheraon, a 50-guinea bracelet and 25 guineas from him self, to be devoted to a farmer's trophy ; Mr. R. Mpffath a25-gainea trophy ; and Messrs. Camming and Afneck,25 guineas each tor a mile and a quarter race. Mr. Affleck also nromieed a60-enihea bracelet for next year. Here is an example which the wealthy mem bers of the Melbourtie Hons Club might follow. ... While oat at Caulfield one day this week I bad a walk round the coarse, and I noticed that there was one- veryeoft epoton the outer1 portion of&e; eaatetoTend of the conise pro per, where the horses, pi traiuing are allowed to gallop. The heather is coming again vary fast on that portion of the coarse where the Bracelet start takes niece, bat Jtfr. Bond in tends to have it radicated an" couch, grass nut in. The tdiVRtiUopis now finished, and put iuL ine wiUKHUvp ib uvw uuiouwt mwi available foil alow work. When thoroughly aet traineresrlUnae tbia track pretty freely. OI the bone* I saw 1 thought notMpg was looking mpteimeroved than Kennetlvhttd *Dhe Qcuatattncg me as bcing tn "nUaiaterto brood mare after her racing career is over. Mr. Leek's Richmond colts are a credit to the - old champion, and be bae a emartxlooklug colt in a youngster by Goldsbrongh from Mil liner, while T. Jones has a promising yearling gelding by Maribyrnong from Nea, and P, Kelly a useful-looking Gemma di Vergy colt. Excellent entries bave been received for the WlU'erastown meetino', which takes place , next Saturday, and it 'be ..-nther pr*- •• I'n.e there i« bound to be a larye jnuhi ting of the public. There are >n t; e Hm/die 1 J'i in the ]<a»iwny .St ok vs. IS '»»tH»;K*!l;i.s Race, and 31.' the Hiuimcar-. The secretary of the Sale Turf Club ha? request*? 1 me to scute that , for the con v^ip'rer of visitors to the Side meeting .on the inst, return tickets at Friday ev arv n sw will be issued from Princc's-bn- itrKirbo North, Hcyfield, and all intermediate slaiiuuD, to Sale, by all trains on the 28th inst. and by the first train on, the 29th inst. Tickets will be available for return until Saturday, the 31st, inclusive. Oxentiam's Handicap Comparative Tabh is to baud, and contains the County Purse. ITawkesbury Handicap, Great Metropolitan, Caullield Cup, and Melbourne Cup. Foe reference it is bound to prove useful, and as the publisher provides copies to the public for nothing, there is bound to be a run upon them. Mr. Miles deserves credit for the complete manner in which he has compiled the Victoria Racing Club Handbook First of all are given the leading rules and regulations under which the races are run. Then follow the index and the whole programme for the ensuing season, also the whole of the entries, scale of weights for age, winners of races past, and a comparative table of the Hawkes bury Handicap, Metropolitan, and Melbourne Cup. As a reference tor racing men this little volume should be invaluable. Entries for the Wyndham meeting close at the V.$.C. office at 4 p.m., and at the Werribce Club Hotel, Werribce, at half-past 8 p.m. on Monday. The programme in eludes the Wyndham Handicap of 100 sovs., with a cup value 25 sovs., the gift of Mr. C. D. Straker, and the Werribce Park Handi cap of 100 sovs. The other events are a Hurdle Race of 40 sovs.; Steeplechase of 60 sovs., and Selling Handicap of 50 sovs. Several important entries will hare to be attended next week, and chief amongst them are those of Geelong, which close on Monday next, July 19. Seven events are in the programme, opening with a Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., which is followed by the Railway Stakes of 50 sova A two-year-old race of 50 sovs. is also included, and this will give the owners of young ones an opportunity of testing their galloping capabilities over three furlongs. A Steeplechase of 100sova, the Winter Handicap of 100 sova, Selling Race of 70 sovs., and Handicap Trot of 30sovs., com plete the bill of fare. Entries will be re ceivedat the Y.R.C. office up to 4 p.m., and by Mr. J. D. Robinson, Geelong, op to 6 p.m. The secretary informs me that a special train will leave Melbourne at about 8.50 a.m. on the day of the races with passengers and horses, and will run right through to the courses returning after the last race. Sydney Tattersall's has framed an excellent programme for the August meeting, the prizes being so good that some of our Yic torian horses may be attracted to Randwick. There are five events, the first on the list being the Hnrdle Race of 150 sovs., next to which comes the Tramway Handicap of 200 so vs., Selling Race of 150 sovs., and Tatter sail's Two-year-old Stakes of 290 sovs. The last-named race is half a mile, which is, perhaps, a furlong too far for juveniles so early in the season. The wind-up is the Spring Handicap of 250 sovs., one mile and a quarter. Entries close on Monday, lGth August. At a meeting of the members of the Tas manian Racing Club last week the Hon. John Lord was again elected president, Mr. A. P. Miller treasurer, and the following ' members were chosen to fill the vacancies on the committeeMessrs- E. F. Wilson, C. IT DdYiea, J. W. Abbott, and Dr. G. Butler. There has been a considerable amount of double-event wagering on the Grand National event (luring the week. For the Hurdlo Race, Sheet Anchor, Ruby, Koolyte, Hilltop, Sir Launcelot, and Huntsman have been, coupled with Lady Ashton, Studley, Gaum, Blackthorn, and Reticent, the prices laid, being 109 to 2 and 100 to 3. At a meeting of the committee of the Aus tralian Jockey Club on Monday last, it was decided to reconstruct the spring and summer programmes, and the added money to the first was increased to £5,650, and the latter to £1,900. Several horses have arrived at Flemingtart during the week, with the objeet of perform ing at the V.R.G. Grand National meeting. Wild Dog came from Adelaide, in charge of J. Hill; Andy, Spangle, and Ocean bave come from the westward, and. Tanlaliser and Mus tang from Sale Phenomenon, who was en gaged in the Maiden Steeplechase, unfortu nately got kicked after arrival, mad his owner had to scratch htm. ' With regret I ha ve to record the demise of the oldest of English sporting papers, Bell'i Life in London. It is 64 years ago since it was~ established bv Jotin. Brif. whtf fatd &R; wa9 ^uuiiisuqu vi v}A4U» uqij _ fi|w office in Clare-court, Drury-lane, where nil made a large fortnne before he resigned bis connexion with the paper 41 years ago. For years it was a great success, but the penny daily sporting papers soontook the wind out of its sails, and the proprietors deferred making a change unt'u its rivals became established. Then it changed hands, and eventually was made a daily. But the step was taken too late, and on the 29th May poor old Bell appeared for the Met time. The yearling colt bj Defoe from Petrea htm been named "Rupertswood." Vernet was a moBt disappointing animal when he earned Sir William Clarke's colours* and he was turned out of training. A. few days ago he <*11 into a waterhole and rrn drowned. His untimely end is not likely to cause much regret Trenton has been stopped at l?ew Zealand for Sydney. I -fancy this hoise -has been purchased by an Australian. purchased by an Aosaaaao. Messrs. W. C. Yoilte ana Co,, held a ula of horses at Tattereallh Bazaar on Friday, when the following irtn dispoBed of ;—Aris tocrat to Mr, H. Mawbey, for 160 gmheas; llarkaway to Mr. Gray, 40 guineas: Con naught, Mr. Cheveny, 25 guineas; 6©W £op (steeplechaser), Mr. Grice, 10 ghiaeaa. Bond has issued the V.A.T.C. hooka containing the programme and nominations of his dab. This little Volome, which has been neatly got tip, can'he obtained on ap plication at itie Y.A.T.C. office. PtiPWiWII ttl irUC VtA. A.V". OIIIITC. IT J. Scobie arrived {com Balkrat yesterday, siidbrpagbfc wttbc bm, Sir Xwweelofc and Arganthorn& <; Indian trader* are atein bmy prepariafclor their annnal trip to Cafe«ttaiw»t\ Madras. Mr. Kcrouee heneelecteia.ve were Bbipi. Mexico, wi_. Madden and this Mdi Mr. T. Warren's horses, which are equal to anything be has ever taken to India. There was a lair attendance at the Victoria Club last night, but most of the wagering was confined to double events. Odds of 4 to 1 were offered on the field for the Grand National Hurdle Hace, but little or nothing was done. On the' Steeplechase, however, business was more spirited. Game being backed from 5 to 1 to 3 to 1, and Studley, Reticent, and Lady Ashton were supported at 6 to 1 each, while Blackthorn came in for some attention at 8 to 1. The popular double was Sheet Anchor and Game, 109 to R end 100 to 10 being written down—ur Launcelot, Duration, and Huntsman being backed with Game at 100 to 5 each. Scsvtchisgs.—Y.E.C.—Maideu Hurdle Itacc—Re call, Ebony, Incident, T. B., Colonel. Pin. Fiasco, First Prince. Maiden Steeplechase — C-yoroa?. Michael, Phenomenon, Salesman, True Blue, Kildare, Nobleman. G.N. liurdie Race—General Jaofcson, Don qjaixote, Becall, Yet Again, Veroniq'ie. Caloola, ArUtides, Sinkinz Fund. G.N. .Steeplajhase— DlacLall, Euchre, Clarence, [iiklare. Sellinc Hurdle Pace—Wila «Vare,RoyaJMaid, Veronijtie,Colonel. Flat hace—St. Odilte, Honey Flee, Little John, Jim Cain, Ironmaster. Ocista. Britisher, Bathurst, Tabby, Lady Eeil, Cin^master, Silvermine, Bonnie Doon. 