A NIHILIST GHOST. So much has been said lately regarding the apirit world, and of warnings through super natural agenoy, that I may be accused o! writing on a worn-out subject. However, in epite of this, it may interest many to heat the following strange occurrence whioh happened in a well kcown family some years ago, and whioh was related to me by my friend Mr. , on the strict condition of my suppressing names and dates should I ever wish to repeat it. I will tell you the Btory as near as possible in this gentleman's own words: " Two or three months after marriage I took my young wife down to my place in the north of Scotland to spend the New Year, it having been a time honored custom in our family to do BO. Though the weather was bitterly oold we all managed to enjoy our selves, and my wife, who was lha only lady amongst us, was in excellent spirits and the life of the party. Late in the evening of New Tear's Day we gentlemen were amusing our selves in the billiard room (it must have been nearly twelve o'clock), when I was sur prised to hear Violet's voice calling me from above, she having retired some time before. On going op to her room, she informed me that she had been much astonished by hear ing the tinkle of sledge bells, and that on opening her window Bhe had seen one quickly approaohing, drawn by a magnificent pair of blaok horses, and that it had pulled up im mediately under her window. It was a lovely moonlight night, so she had leant out to see if she could recognise the occupant of the sledge. As she did so he raised his head and looked her straight in the face, when she discovered he was a perfeot stranger. What Violet considered most extraordinary was, that on meetingiher eye, he held up his left hand and shook his head solemnly, then giving rein to his horses rapidly disappeared down the avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who this mysterious Btranger could be, and had called me up to see if I knew. She described him as being qnite young, but with snow-white hair, pierc ing black eyes, a black moustache, and com pletely wrapped in sables. I being well ac quainted with all my neighbours far and near, felt quite oertain that he was sot one of them, and the only conclusion we could come to was that he was some visitor from town who wished to astonish the natives With such a hitherto unheard-of conveyance as a sledge. I asked her if she was quite Bure she had not been dreaming, when she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake in her life, having at the time been Bitting up writing a most import ant letter. When I related my wife's story in the billiard room, one of my convivial friends suggested that we Bhould all sally forth in a body and search the ground for the unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt l03t his way, and would be glad to be given a drink. We all acted on this idea with alacrity, any small excitement always being eeceptable in a country house. In the mean time the weather had completely changed, and it had commenoed to snow heavily, which aoconnted satisfactorily for our not being able to discover traces of the sledge. Wa soon got tired of the search, agreeing that the mysterious stranger had discovered he was trespassing, and had made the best of his way home. The next day Violet appeared rather an noyed when we chaffed aboutlicr melancholy visitor of the previous night, and seeing that it was not welcome we soon dropped the sub ject, and in faot forgot it. That evening, as we men had just decided on separating for the night,\the door of the smokingroom burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my wife rushed in, her dressing gown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, And looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she was doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair, gaspiog out; "He has oome again 1" Seeing that she was really affected, I hastened to get her a glas3 of wine, and begged her to give me full par ticulars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had Blept soundly until awakened by the sound of approaching sledge bella, then starting up, had thrown on her dressing Sown and rushed to the window, where she iscovered the sledge had been brought to a standstill at exactly the same spot as on lhi Srovioua night. On her appear ir.co the river, looking up at her steadfastly, had raised his hand and shaken his head in pre cisely the same warning manner as before. Not waiting for more, and filled with name less terror, the poor little woman had rushed down to me in this excited condition. We all felt most indignant at what we began to think was a very impertinent practical joke, and, confiding my wife to the oare of her maid, rushed out with the intention of finding and making it hot for the perpetrator. We ran out eagerly; the night was clear and frosty, the ground was covered with snow, although none had fallen since the morning, and I confess that I experienced quite a shook when, on arriving beneath my wife's window, we discovered the snow was com pletely undisturbed, and there was not the faintest traoe of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house some what subdued, and talked the matter well over, when we came to the conclusion that there must be something queer about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife oould be the victim of any suoh delusion. Therefore we unanimously decided on keeping a watoh in the billiard room - which was immediately beneath Violet's room-on the following night, and wait for what might ocour. In the mean time we had agreed not to mention the sub ject to my wife, and the next day, she not appearing at all inclined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Some time after Bhe had retired for the night, we, being fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to the billiardroom to commence our vigil, where we turned down the gas and drew up the b'inds, and were all on the qui vive for anything that might happen. The silenos was becoming monoton ous, when suddenly it was broken by a pierc ing Bhriek, and the sound of a heavy fall. Bushing up to my wife's room, from whence it had prooeeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in her evening dress, with her window wide open. It was a long time before her maid, whom I found in the room, oould restore her to consciousness, and even then she seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, " Why does he come ? What does he mean ?" The maid afterwards informed me that she bad been requested by her mistress to remain in her room with her until her master came up, and she had Btated she did not intend un dressing until then. Her lady had Btood wrapped in a shawl for a long time at the window, and appeared to be listening in tently for Bomething she expected. Sud denly she had given a violent start, and leaning out of the window, had excitedly called the maid to her side, and asked her in a trembling voice whether she could not see anything coming up the avenue or hear the tinkle of bells. It was a still moon light night, almost as light as day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, declared she could Bee or hear nothing, and had only just turned from the window when ehe was horrified to Bee her mistress stagger back wards and fall fainting to the ground. The violent shock that my wife had received to her nervous Bystem resulted in a long and serious illneEB, and as Boon as she could be moved I took her on the continent, where she shortly reoovered her health and spirits. We neither of us ever alluded to the cause of her illness, she feeling peculiarly sensitive on the subject, and resenting my having treated | it as an hallucination. Though apparently ; forgotten by us both, I did not coayHcr it judicious to spend the coming New Year in Scotland, and we therefore agreed on paying a long-promised vlsiS to St. Petersburg w :erc I had many intimate friends ininQiunii.il circles. Oa our arrival they all "vied with each other in showing U3 hospitality, my wife was immensely admired, and h<?r vivacity and wit made her very popu'ar. Juit b.'forc our intended departuraone of lend*, rs wf society arranged a ball in our honor, to which Violet looked forward with groat p!ea«ure, and made, most elaborate preparations. When the night of this fete arrived, and my wifj entered the room dressed for the ball, I thought I had never 6een her look so lovely, with that look of joyous anticipation ou her oountenance that a beautiful woman alwayj wears when she is sure of her triumphs. During our ahort drive to the llottl , oar destination, she amused me by her almost childish anticipation of the coming enjoy, ment. On arriving there she ascanded the steps on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, but just as we were about to enter the door she turned her head as if violently startled. I felt her trembling from head to foot, her face was deadly pale, and her eyes were fixed on the spot from which our car riage had juat moved. On my enquiring the reason of her agitation, Bhe excitably ex claimed, 11 Look there I" pointing to the foot of the steps. When I declared 1 saw nothing, she seemed completely unnerved, and im plored me to take her home. Poor Violet clung to me closely, passionately exclaiming, that if I did not do so at once she knew she would die, and, finding remonstrance only in. oreased her distress, I thought it best to do as she wished. Whilst in the carriage I oould not get an explanation, as my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on our arrival I had to support her into hor room. There, when she appeared better, I requested her to explain her extraordinary conduct. In an awed, almost soared voice Violet informed me that on entering the Hotel she had heard the Bound of sledge bells, and on turn ing to see who had arrived, had peroeived the same mysterious man who had caused her so much terror the previous year in Sootland. There he was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and nsing the same warning gestures. I tried to reason with her and im press upon her the great offence her absence would probably canse on such an occasion. For some time she was quite impracticable, but seeing at last how much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made a great effort and consented to return with me, All the same I felt quite grieved to notice what change this strange ocourrenoe had made in her, the shrinking, pale lady I was now conducting to the carriage being indeed a very different person to the brilliant, joyous beauty of a short time before. Ju9t as we were about to set foot in the carriage a terrible explosion was heard, and a few minutes later the fearful news had circulated through the city that the Hotel , where the ball was being given, had been blown to the ground (it was supposed by Nihilists), and not a soul there had esoaped. 