\- An Oiu iu Vcrsf. lie was a guileless college youth, That mirrorc-1 modesty and truth ; . Arid sometimes at his musty room - His sister, called, to'choseihe gloom* One afternoon, when she' was there, Arranging things with kindly care, As oEten she had done before, There came, a knock upon the door. Our student, sensitive to fears Of thoughtless comrades' laughing jeerS| Had only. time. to make deposit Of his dear sister iri a closet ; Then haste the door to open wide ; ' \- His guest unbidden stcpt inside. :IIo \yas a cheery-faced old man, ? ; And with apologies began . For calling, arid-then let' hini know ? ' Tlmt- morc than flftjr ycare itgo, ? When he wns in hisyputhfuUjloom, ' He'd occupicd that very room ; ; So thought he'd take the chance, he said, ' To sco the changes titrie liad mode. - The same old , window, same old view— Ha, ha I- the same old pictures,' too 1 ' And then he tapped them with his cane, Arid laughed his nierry laugh again. ' The same old sofaj I declare 1 ? Dear me I It must be worse' for wear, ;Tho 8ame old shelves ! ' ' And theri he came' And spied the closetdoor. - ' The same ? ? Ob; myJ A woman's drees peeped through. 'Quick-as ho could he closed it to. :,Ho.8hookhi8head...4' Ah l.ah I thesame . Old game, -young man, ..the samo old game 1 ' ' Would ybri riiy reputation slur ? ' ?-.? The yontn gasped; That's my sister, sir 1 11 ' Ahl ' said the old'man, with a sigh, ' /.^Tho same oldlle— -the same'old 'lie 1 ' / An English divine once told of passing a nlclit ina haunted chamber In -an English ?castlo. He descrlbed' how, the ghost slowly stalked into the chamber, and-describcd the ; armour which'covercd.thb formof ttiemya terlops visitor. ,u But how .did you get rid of 'this.-vislon 1 ' cried'some of. those who heard ; the story, , ' : Oh; . Very ^easHy,'? . Replied ? the minister i ' I merely took' my subscription* ?book from the table and . the vision quickly J ?filed atvay.V;:'*;,' A lady, whb waa a - member of a -class -studying art, -concluded, a recitation ori^Bon jaman Haydon jyr.saying that ' towards the \- close of hls life he committed. suicide.' :.i: A lady writer asks r ' Why- don-t bache Joys marry j / That's ;so^\yhy,d'op't tlieyi? Oomo to think about itKwe;bavojiot yet sce?i a^bachelor who was married. It's lamentable* 