MIDSHIPMEN'S PRANKS. ' Hold on here ! Clap a stopper on your jaw-tackles, young gentleman, before you run out o' rope.' This was what jolly Capt. Babbit said as he stepped between two of his midshipmen on the Government wharf at Key West, for they were loud at words .and seemed about to come to blows. Thev both belonged to his chip, the United States sloop of war Boston, which lay an anchor in the harbor, just in from a cruise among the Windward Islands of the West Indies. ' What is tii a trouble between you two, messmates?' he continued, aa the two middies drew back with flashing eyes and clenched fists. ' He is trying to cut me out with my girl, sir, and I'm not going to stand it !' said young J., a blue-eyed blonde of 12 years or thereabout. ' I've got as much right to go and see the girl as he has, and ehe likes me beet, any way !' said the other, who was two years the oldest and had the dark eyes and com plexion of a ' Southern' born. ' It's falee ! She cares only for me— she told me so with her own lips!' cried young J. ' This is a grave matter. You must not forget you are officers in a service which brooks no dishonor,' said the captain, with difficulty keeping back a smile. 'You have each impugned the word of the other. I see no way for you out of this difficulty but mutual apologies, or else— as gentlemen you must fight it out I' 'That's just what I want!' said O., the elder. 'If the girl isn't worth fighting for 'She is !' said J. fiercely. ' Name your weapons and I am ready !' ' I will name the weapons and second you both in the battle I*' said the captain, gravely. ' It is a knightly contest for the favor of a '? ladye f sire.' You shall fight on horseback with good single sticks, and the one who ib conquered shall never after in terfere with the love of the other !' ' I am satisfied with the plan, sir !' said the youngest reefer. 'Very well, young gentleman. Secure your horses and meet me on the parade grounds, in front of the old barracks, in an hoar. I will see the weapons are pro rided.' Now, there were but two horses on the aland, and I reckon the captain knew it. -ne was a gaunt old cart-horse, belonging o Col. O'Hara, the British Consul, the -ther a lithe Cherokee pony belonging to Collector Stephen Mallory, afterwards Con federate Secretary of the Navy. Young J. secured the latter animal in all laete, so his older and heavier antagonist lad to put up with the old white cart-horse —a stiff and awkward beast, but double the leight and weight of the pony. At the hour the two rode out on the parade ground, where the captain and a select party of officers and quite a crowd of utizens awaited them. The weapons, two ashen sticks, basket hilted, and about the size of ships' cut lassee, were handed up to the midshipmen, and £hey were told to face each other a Buip'e length apart and at the word, as given by the captain, to charge and each to do h|s beet in assault and defence. 'Both, like all the men and officers on board, ship, were used to the exercise, aingle stickB in- Heu'-of swords in practice, and the advantage was in the mounts. ' When the captain cried ' Ready, charge!' young J. dashed forward on the spirited little pony, while O. kicked and belabored his huge animal into a slow trot. The pony shot past the large horse, and J. gotiu a sweeping blow on one of the legs of his antagonist, dodging a cat aimed at his head by his opponent. Wheeling in an instant, he came up1' in the rear of C. and before the hitter could turn his unwieldy beast a dozen sharp blows were poured in on his back and shoulders by the better mounted and more agile J. .The latter saw his advantage and made play around his antagonist, hitting him nearly everywhere he liked, for the large horse could not be kept in motion, while the pony was on the jump all the time, and poor C. had not the ghost of a chance to get en his opponent. Cheers rose from the lookers on, but the contestants took little heed of them, C. was 'desperate, and J. so sure of victory that he began to grow careless, and consequently got some pretty sharp knocks. ' These stirred him up, and he made up hUftnind $o end the matter. So once more taking the unwieldy charger in the rear he got in a blow which disabled the right arm of C, who, dropping his weapon, was now as the mercy of his foe. The captain called a halt, and told the bruised and battered rider of the large horse that he must consider himself fairly van quished, and thenceforth there must be ao more quarreling between the two. It was a funny affair, but better got through with than it would have been had pistols been used, aa they generally were in those days. To the delight of young J., as well as to the mortification of poor C, Miss Drusilla D., the fair cause of the contention, was an eye-witness to the whole affair. In the end, years after, though she had been admired and courted by a dozen or more of naval and army officers, ehe married a poor stick of a civilian who was hardly worth the salt he ate. Such is female taste. She refused Sherman when he was a Second Lieutenant in the Third Artillery. He was lucky.—' Ned Buntline.' 'I say, Bobby,' whispered Featherly, ' was your sister pleased to learn that I had called upon her ?' 'Yes; indeed she was,' replied Bobby. 'When mother told her that Mr. Featherly had called while she waB out she said, ' Thank heavens 1' ' German Countess: ' Baron, will you give me a photograph of yourself?' Baron: 'Certainly, madame; you flatter me by asking for it.' Countess, after the baron's depasture, to her waiting maid : ' Here, Claire, put this picture in your album, where you can study the features closely, and if ever the original of its calls, tell him I am out.' Mrs. Ingalle says that a woman is a silent power in the land. To this a cynical old bachelor editor responds : ' That will be news to thousands of husbands.' A boy's description of having a tooth pulled was the best example of vividness ever given : ' Just before it killed me the tooth came out.' The girl with soft blue eyes and rippling brown hair, who walked all over your poor fluttering heart at the charity ball, has just finished a crazy quilt containing 1,064 pieces of neckties and hat linings, put together with 21,390 stitches. And her poor old father fastens on hie suspenders with a long nail, a piece of wire, a sharp stick, and one regularly ordained button. 