Church of England Synod. The annual session of the Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide, Incorporated, was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral on Tuesday morning, May 25. Holy Communion wa3 first celebrated, after which Bishop Kennion delivered his pastoral address, which will be found below :— BEKEDICTUS BEXEDICAT. It will be iu the remembrance of some of you my reverend brethren and brethren of the laity that, at the close cf our last, the thirty- first, sesBion of the Synod of this Diocese, a strong appeal was made to me by the most respected and now lamented member of .the Synod that I should not attempt in addiessing you to confine myself to the subjects which might be brought before the current session of Synod for discussion, but that from time to time I should endeavour to speak to you more fully upon Bome of the great questions which atfectf us. There are special reasons why I should, in this year, endeavour to comply with the request The present circumstances of the colony, the general tendency of movements in the Church at home and abroad, the near approach of the General Synod of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, and perhaps some necessity for speaking more plainly and fully to you than hitherto, now that in God's Providence I have completed more than three years' residence amon*, you, have all weighed with me in choosing this as an opportunity for departing from what may eventually prove to be my custom, indeed, I shall try not to overtax jour pitience. I shall strive to address myself to those subjects only which are practical. I shall speak to you as men who amid all the gloom of the present are yet firm in their faith, and whose hopes of the future are not dashed by the difficulties of the day; nay, rather as men who, amid many social as well as not a few ecclesiastical troubles, can yetliftupyourheadsand see a redemption from many thraldoais drawing nigh. Praying God to guard me from presumption, I am attempting to guide and mould my thoughts while penning this address by letting them flow in the most sacked channel. Every student has seen for himself that in the Lord's Prayer our Divine Master has laid down for us not only the pattern but the very laws which are the principles of prayer. I cannot help also seeing here the very laws of the Church's life. One by one the petitions which the blessed Lord has taugbt bring to my mjed the conception of His Church—its sanctity of worship, its missionary character, the personal ^holiness of its members, the divine sustenance, the necessity for brotherly tenderness, and the eradication of evil. It is upon the first four of theBe subjects that I desire to speak to you. On some of them I can but spsak in outline. They are so great that on no one of them can I speak adequately. Nor for one moment do 1 pretend that my poor thoughts can fill up the great measure of the rule of life which the petitioas themselves may present to you. Our own River Murray as it slowly sweeps onward to the ocean of its rest now presses the fcreat clifls on one side and then bends over to where towering cliffs upon the other bide have marked the margin of the great estuary which, miles wide, once flowed to the Southern Seas. The river s devious channel, wide as it is, is but a span's breadth of the grand course down which the ancient tideway rushed. High upon the rocks long and deep-cut lines tell of the volume of water which once filled the great valley it wore for itself. Now one looks and wonders. And yet the great channel serves; and puny in its contrast with what has gone before, the Murray rolls onward to the sea. So indeed must be the contrast between such words as I may speak to you and the channel which suggests their course. Yet how could I choose better t'oan in choosing the best—God grant His blessing —then what we need we have. Reverently, therefore, my brethren, and laying aside the shoes of presumption, let us see some aspect of the law of life for the Church underlying the eacred words— " Our Father, which art in heaven." There is a longing among many earnest Christian persons for unity. There is recognition among an ever-increasing number that our divisions are unnecessary and wrong. Is there any prospect of any reunion ? On this let us dwell for a little. What is our idea of tbe Church? 1. It is a visible kingdom with an invisible Head, who confers upon it supernatural grace. Every member of the k'ntdoaa shares in_ the honours of the kingdom, It is a kingdom of prieBts—every faithful member of it is called to a holy and royal priesthood. 2. It is a body. It is vital with supernatural life. A sacrament gives entrance into it. A sacrament gives nourishment in it. It has its organs of the ministry—the bishops, priests, and deacons are its organs. These are neither, on the one hand, the source of the life of the body, for the life is given to the whole body, and the organs share in it; nor, ou the other hand, are the organs formed by the body, but given by the Lord to the body, for the due transmission of divin8 doctrine, and for administration to the wants of the body. Once more, it is a family, God's family. The Blessed Lord is not only perfect God and perfect man, but in Him who has taken our nature we partake of the divine nature. As many as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ, They have received the spirit of adoption. They have the right to look up to God and call him father. True, He is the Fataer of all, and to realize this makes all men brethren. But it is in his Church this realization is found, and the entrance into it is a birth into a new world— into a family, into a brotherhood, where is God tbe Father, Christ the elder brother, the Holy Ghcst the sanctifying bond of holy union. Bear with me, my brethren, for bringing principles so well known before you. 1 I would nave you apply them to the present state of tilings. Every student knows how they were the strength of the Church of the first days. Almost ^ evefy earnest Christian, too, will tell you they are what we need to regain in their depth and their simplicity more than all things now, There is no need to enquire now how the Church has lost them. The question for us is rather how shall they be regained ? Is there any manifestation of a deBue for their recovery ? Let me point out at least one such indication. It has been said that of three of our Blessed Lord's Apostles who stand pre-eminent in the influence which the teaching associated with their name will always exercise, two have specially, dominated the character of religious teaching of Western Europe. With the name of St. Peter, whether rightly or wrongly, is inseparably linked that era in the Church's history in which, clad in the purple of the Caesars, <>he asserted htr authority where the Roman Empire had declined and fallen. If there was a proud Imperialism patent in her march, yet the sceptre that she wielded was for God, and ker grandly conceived attempt to ameliorate the scene of things cannot but win much admiration. The Reformation marked the deep hold which, thank God, the teaching of St. Paul had gained upon thp minds of men. The heart-stirring writings of St, Augustine of Hippo largely contributed to this. The apprehension of the personal access of t^e believer to a personal Saviour, the prominence given to the doctrine of justification by faith, led to an outburst of enthusiasm for the special teachings of St. Paul, which found vent in well- known movements; and, as the result, among a large number [at least of English-speaking Chris tians has the^e been, possibly still is, an almost exclusive attention to the aspect which Christianity bears to the individual. But the teaching of the third of these three greatest Apostles has never yet in the Western Church exerted its legitimate influence. St. John's great teachings, the stress he lays upon the doctrine of the incarnation, the larger love of humanity, the re-creation of the world in. Christ and on the Church as a great Sceiety in which the world will find its social difficulties cleared up, these have hitherto found their chiefest expression in the school of fathers whose names are clustered round Lis in the Eastern Church. The comparative stagnation of that Church among semi-Oriental races in later cenhas dimmed the fcrce of that teaching. But there are marked signs of the turning of not only Anglican theology in the direction of teacmng which is especially Johannine as affording the key to many of the most difficult social and religious j . oblems of the day. If it be the case that the apostle, who best of all could interpret to us the practical me?ning of the light and love of God, is to be recognised as the best exponent for our time of the meaning of the Incarnation of the Son of God, then, indeed, may our hearts be cheered as to the futuie. Perhaps to no man more than to Professor Westcott dees the Church of England owe a debi of gratitude for his exegetical writings on St. John. I earnestly commend his commentaries, and especially that upon St. John's Epistles, to the careful study of my clergy. One rises from such study with a braver hope, and I tiuBt a larger, warmer love for all men. It is in a more vivid apprehension of St. John's teachings that I see the hope of recovering the brotherly spirit, the strength, and the noble simplicity of the early Church. Follow out the teaching; see its effect on a Polycarp, an Irenreus, an Ignatius, whose seven epistles " of the middle form" are now vindicated as (I think it not rash to sav) incontrovertibly genuine iu the masteny book—and the literal y work of his life—ci Bishop Lightfoot. Trace it in an Athanasius, aCbiysostom; then turn to the problems of to-day. See the flowly gathering but evericcreasirg forces of democracy; see the foruxa re&t; to 4 Kideoiug chasm between capitalist and labourer, with no Curtius yet at hand to make his noble sacrifice the healing bond. See, most distressing of all, the denominational strife for place—" the spiritual racing until our very divisions become our glorying." See the schisms and excisions till the very joy of harmony is lost, till there are reeled out long ribbons of dull uniform colour instead of a web woven from divers threads and life-like with pattern, till there are planted out whole groves of sombre denominations like eome vast soiuba of monotonous maliee. Ah ! what would not the Church in Australia be capable of being aud doing if instead of the warmth and zeal of Methodism streaming ofi in one direction, and the earnestness of the Baptist in another, and the vigour of the Congregationalist in a third, and the Chuich of England rich in its Catholicism and firm in its stability left to throw ont its new shoots, there were to be interwoven in one strong yet flexible baud the life and strength of each of these ? But it is in a greater grasp of the meaning of ttie Incarnation, and in this alone, that I see the hope of meeting r it her the social or the religious difficulty—in our learning to look on every man baptized into Caiist as our brotner, in a more determined effort to realize in St. John's spirit the meaning of " The fellowship," and in our bein^ content for the sake of this—this fellowship with the Father and with His Son Jesus Christ, this apostolic fellowship, this brotherhood 0/ men—to give up much that we might consider necessary in a narrower view of our duty. Then indeed should we give meaning to the words of the Lard's Prayer, "Our Father.*" But some clearer understanding as to what can be done is necessary. Brethren, beloved, I think I know well the responsibility I bear to the whole Church of England in the position I occupy. Upon the Bishop especially must ever rest the duty of guarding the doctrines and discipline of the Church. It is this grave duty which makes u= blow to move where others might wish to urge us on with rapidity. But I may confess to you I should not have accepted the position which I hold were it not that the earnest longing of my heart is to do somewhat when a fitting opportunity comes to promote greater Christian unity upon some sound and tangible b-isiB. Possibly some will think I have lost opportunities of promoting that for which I profess to have a longing, but I have no desire for making appeararce of unity where there is no real unity._ Others will think that I have talked about it too much and done too little. But that, I reply, is of purpose. I want to create the desire which certainly does not everywhere exist. Many see no harm in what now goes on—more forget the ultimate tendencies of our present divisions. But it is clear that in the Colonial Church attempts may be made in a direction in which England cannot well lead, and I have brought this subject before you to-day because I desire to take the opportunity of the first General Synod which I attend for expressing my views upoa the matter, and I desire iu the first place to take counsel with you. deprecating undue haste in so solemn a matter, what I think might be done is a: follows:—1. For a whole year earnest prayer might be offered by all those of whatever Christian denomination who desire a visible unity of Christians on the basis of the incarnation of our Blessed Lord. Then at the expiration of that period chosen persons might be appointed on behalf of each denomination for the purpose of a year's historical and devotional study of the subject. After which further period a conference might be assembled, and a scheme prepared which might then be discussed during a third year by the denominations concerned. Meantime (thoueh I know there are many difficulties) I should like to see any Christian minister admitted to preach in the Church of England pulpits, who, being a duly baptized person, and signing his adherence to the doctrines of the Nicene Creed (as being accepted at the last General Council of the Undivided Church) is willing to receive the Bishop's licence for the purpose. Such a step as the last would mean much, though to some it may seem a slight one. It probably could not be taken, even if it were an advisable one,. without the consent of the General Synod. Bat, as I have said, I hope to take that opportunity of bringing this great question forward. For ourselves of the Church of England, before I leave the section of my address headed by the solemn invocation of the Lord's Prayer, let me earnestly beg by the mercies of our God the cultivation of a spirit of patience, springing not from a habit of laisstz /aire, but from a good bright hope of one another and a manly spirit of tolerance for one another's opinions, springing hot from indifference, but from tae possession of fixed principles, and because we look on one another as brethren made to be children of Oar Father in Heaven through incorporation into the mystical body of Christ our Lord. " Hallowed be Thy Name." There is one matter in relation to " Worship" on which I cannot reflect without much pain. It is the tendency—by no means confined to ourselves—to regard Festival and other special services of Almighty God, as being simply a mode of obtaining money for purposes connected with, the Church, How really terrible a thing it is to see, as one 1 frequently does in the newspapers, 1 The services held at such a place last week were very successful, producing a gain of so mnch to the Church," I do not say that the clergy when planning their special services have any other idea than that of rendering to the Almighty the worship which is His due, and of building up the people in their most holy faith—aut the popnlar interpretation as evinced in the newspaper reports ought to set us all thinking deeply. Are we sufficiently endeavouring to impress on our people the solemnity of our approach to God ?. Do they learn from our manner, our reverence in even speaking of things pertaining to God, from our care for the House of God 2 our avoidance of all slovenliness in every thing which concerns our services, our preservation of even the fabric of the Church, that we believe in the promised spiritual presence of our Blessed Lord in our midst ? This is not only a clergyman's question. It affects you my brethren of the laity equally with UB, nay, it affects the whole community. For to trifle thus with the solemn things of God is to break that commandment of the Decalogue which is enshrined in this petition. To grow darkened in the very focus of our spiritual light, oar approach to God, is to grow in a darkness that will envelop all our dealings. One word as to the Sacrament of Holy Baptism, I would gladly see more careful provision made in many Churches for its due celebration. Often when a new Church is built do I find no font provided. More often when provided do I find it utterly inadequate for its purpose and wrongly placed in the Church. However, this point 1 will leave to the Archdeacons and press them to give it prominence. But I confess I cannot see why the direction of the Prayer-book that the "Priest shall dip it (the child brought to be baptised) in the water discreetly and warily" shouid not be more regularly obeyed in this Diocese. In England the character of 'the climate is generally urged as the reason for tbe adoption of what the Church only sanctions as an alternative where it is certified that the child is weak. Here the same reason cannot be frequently urged. It is probably the use or custom of England and of the Western Church that has bred the habit. But when we remember how much we thus lose sight of the full significance of the holy rite, and how much our custom—not our Church's teaching—tends to perpetuate the division from us of a large section of Christian people, and indeed how great a stumbling-block our custom is said to be to members of the Eastern Church, surely in our warm latitudes of Australia we might make a return to that mode of i. : y baptism which the Church enjoins. A j/ .1 custom of the Church, which both in L • - icd and here is becoming more and more t. •red in the breach than the observance . >s the placing at the east end of theChuu-u becoming to the Canons of 1603) the lesibly written copies of the Creed, the Lord's Praysr, and the Ten Commandments. Possibly the greater decoration of chancels has led to the disuse of theEe. But surely to restore them to a p'ace cn the east wall of the nave would be a distinct gain in a land whe.e the religious instruction is of EO scanty a character as it is here. And I would say the same of the table of prohibited degrees with which marriage is forbidden by the Church. The Churca has never relaxed her laws of nrarriage since their table was framed. I^o clergyman holding a licence in this Diocese can U permitted to marry persons within these degrees, and it is well that cur people should be more familiar with the fact. In old Churches at home it was a common custom to find such a table exhibited in the porch or near tae west door of the Church; and there should be no difficulty about our reviving it. I would fain have lingered, my brethren, on this portion of my subject, and have urged GD my brethren of the laity the glorious privilP(,eB which is theirs as well as ours in the chiefest act of Christian worship — the true thanksgiving service • — the eucharist. For the increase of communicants in the Diocese I can indeed rejoice. They are the very strength and backbone of the Church. Their growth in numbers is steady. God grant them equal and greater growth in gra3e. It is no new theory that the whole congregation of faithful people shares in the consecration, joins in the pleadiag of the merits of the Crucincd One. How much more hearty would be our commruions were iihis aspect more frequently regarded. Nay, all our services, with this as the central act of o^r wor. hip, would grow in heartiness and vigour if only those who attended them would look on their part as just as important as the part of the minister. The secret of Euch heartiness 2nd such vigour lies jaot iu taifi—ia the knowledge of t^e name, the character of the Holy One, the God who is love—and the tree prayer, Balloted be Thy name," going up from each one to whom God has revealed it. " Tby kingdom come." Every earntst Churchman must desire the increase of his Lord's kingdom. And as the first petition of the Lord's Prayer under which we reflected on some aspects of our worship taught ut reverence for our Father's name, so under this second petition are our thoughts necessarily raised to the contemplation of the kingship of the ever-bless<3d Son of God and the charge which He has left to His Church to exteud His kingdom. To this duty 1 ask your attention under the influence of the prayer which He has pat into onr mouths, " Thy kingdom come" Only last year I announced to you the consecration of the Right Rev. Dr. Hannington as -Bishop of an immense missionary district in equatorial Africa. Now his name is added to the Chuiche's hero roll of martyrs. His strong will, his great courage, his intense devotion to his Master have snrely not been unworthily spent in that perilous and benighted land. It is said that at -least sixand twenty men have voluntarily come forward to offer themselves for the work in which he fell by such a cruel death. God bless them! The missionary spirit of the Church is not dead. Yet who can say wie do not need more of it here. Almost the last words which our lamented Dean said to me were in expressing his desire of seeing more of this spirit among us. We need it in our parishes. Many of our clergy are greatly overworked, and especially so in those parishes where far more w<Trk is needed. The existing congregations absorb all their attention, and hundreds, if not thousands, of members of onr Church are lost to us, and in many cases are passing their Uves without any help from the ministrations of religion. And yet there are laymen rich enongh in every town parish to supply the necessary means for the payment of an assistant curate, who never seem to realize the great responsibility that lies upon them as well as upon the clergy for the thorough cairying out of the Church's work. I know the .difficulty of the times, and I desire very heartily to thank those members of the Church who, in spite of difficulties have made a generous response to my appeal for funds for the Home Mission Society. But I want to see much more dene in our town parishes. The ten days' mission which it is proposed to-hold in four of these parishes next Advent will, I trust, have the effect of at least evoking the work of maDy persons who hitherto have not attempted to do anything in propagating their holy religion. It is fitting, I should say, how warmly this proposed mission had the sympathy and snpport of the late Dean. One outcome of it, 1 hope, will be that in no large parish of our city will Churchmen rest content without funds being provided for an assistant curate, who will assist their incumbents in developing the work which at present they are anxious but unable to accomplith. 1 know the fear may arise that the prcrc i)t inadequate payments of the incumbents may possibly be even further reduced by any attempt to increase the-number of the clergy working in their parishes, yet I honestly believe this fear will prove to be exaggerated. For, in the first place, the irore work that is done, the more financial support will be obtained, and, in the next place, I cannot help thinking that if a commission be ai pointed to examine into the appropriation ot our various Church funds, some scheme may be devised by which grants could be made to assist incumbents in the payment of their curates. One way which has been suggested of meeting the undoubted want of more workers in the Church is in the revival of what is called the permanent diaconate. I am somewhat unwilling in this address to anticipate the discussion that will arise upon a motion that is to be submitted to you in Synod, but if the result of the discussion should show special difficulties in reviving this order, are there not other ways lying near to hand by which the labours of duly qualified and licensed persons might be utilized in the Church. In the neighbouring dioceses in Victoria there is, you are aware, an office which bears the name of honorary reader. Those who hold the office are paid for their work, and the late Bishop of Melbourne on a recent occasion- warmly praised their work. Indeed, in this Diocese we have two or three gentlemen who, under the name of catechiBt, and with a small Btipend, are doing good work for the Church ii( districts where the clergy cannot be maintained. This system might be extended with advantage, and where it is impossible from various causes to obtain the services of a curate, a catechist, whose whole time should be devoted to Church work, if he were a really earnest God-feaiing man with some ability, would prove an invaluable assistant to tbe parish priest. But we want more layman's work in the parishes. I am not afraid of hostile attacks upon Christianity, but I am afraid of tbe chill air of agnosticism numbing men into spiritual sleep so deep that their religion becomes a dream and nothing more. Against this work is the remedy. Let me quote some stirring words from a sermon of one with whom I have not found myself always so much in accord as upon this point, (the Bishop of Liverpool). "The laity of our Church are not where they ought in the direct work of Christ and the furtherance of Christianity in the land. A mischievous habit of leaving all religion to the parson of the parish has overspread the country, and the bulk of lay Churchmen seem to think that they have nothing to do with the Church but to receive the benefit of her means of grace, while they contribute nothing in the way of personal active exertion to promote her efficiency. If an Ephesian or Pnilippian or Thessalonian lay Churchman were to rise from the dead and see how little work lay Churchmen do for the English Church, he would not believe his eyes. The difference between the primitive type of & lay Churchman iB the duference between light and darkness, black and white. The one used to be awake and alive and always about his Master's business. Tbe other is too often asleep practically, and torpid and idle, and content to leave the religion of the parish in the hands of the parson. . . . Let every parochial incumbent make a point of teaching every communicant that he is an integral part of the Church of England, and is bound to do all that he can for its welfare—to visit, to teach, to warn, to exhort, to edify, to help, to advise, to comfort, to support, to evangelize, to awaken the sleeping, to lead on the enquiring, to promote repentance, faith, and holiness everywhere according to his gifts, time, and opportunity. He should educate his people to see that they must give up the lazy modem plan of leaving everything to the parson, and must be active agents instead of ileeping partners. Never will things go well with the Church of England until every individual member realizes that he has a duty to do to his Church, and keeps that duty continually in view." The Bishop of Liverpool speaks of the work of evangelizing. I am not without hopes that in the course of a year or two, if money matters improve in the colony, it may be in my power to form a lay brotherhood of persons who, living in community together," should spend theii time in working'for God. About two years ago I drew a . set of rules, which provided for a small number of men living upon a sheep station, supporting themselves by the produce of the station, who were to fce under the religious superintendence of a clergyman with special qualifications. They were to be under no vows, but the rules were strict. Some of them were to be employed in education, some in the more mechanical and manual work required on the station, but all were to be called upon as occasion required to go forth and preach the Gospel without charge wherever sent. The only difficulties in the way of its being carried out—certainly they are great ones—are the need of funds for the purchase of a station, and of the right man to place at the head oi such important work. The first of these difficulties it ie in your power, my brethren, to overcome ; the second wiil, 1 doubt not, disappear on the removal of the first. Such a man, 1 may, however, now say, would have to be ot largeheartedness, capable of working with men who perhaps may not even be members of the Church of England, endowed with some of the love of a St. Francis de Sales, tho courage of a Savonarola, and the adaptability of a Patteson, aud, above all, the holiness and the zsal of a Jchn Wesley. The need of the work of such a brotherhood is especially ieit in thinly populated country districts. Oh! that it might be found in the heart of some liberal man to assist me iu founding such work for God. In two ways, it seems to me, we may without difficulty assist in developing active Church life in the country districts. The first of these is by giving a more real character to the Bishop's visitation of the I U-'^aes. I have before tnis intimated to iruny of the clergy that on the occasion of my w»it to any cotmtry parish where it is practicable I am anxious to have an opportunity oi car- - hi&ing; the children of tbe Church. F< r the «ist year or so I have been able, through the arrangements kindly made by the clergy, to carry out this plan in many parts of the Diocese. It not only has the advantage of bringing the Bishop into personal contact with the young of his flock, nut I have already become convinced of the good that is done to the Sunday-school through the stimulus of the expected visit. It is my wish also that my visitation may be made the occasion for presenting to me a role of tbe communicants in the parish, and for exhibiting the licences of the lay readers, and further for the incumbent to formally make a brief statement to me of the progress of spiritual life in the parish. It would be an advantage if At tbe same time the Qhorch Wardens could present to me a short repoii on the financial condition of the Church. The other matter to which I alluded concerns the development ol interest in Church work in a wider area than the parish. I think we must all see the need of this, and it has seemed to me that some further interest than at present exists might be stimulated by occasional gatherings for discussion of the clergy and Synodal representatives in various parts of the Diocese. For this purpose I propose, though by degrees, to divide the settled portions of the Diocese into Rural Deaneries. I have asked the Archdeacon of Adelaide to prepare a scheme for me for the fonnation of Deaneries in his -Archdeaconry, and I propose to give authority to the Rural Dean of each Deanery to gather together in the most suitable locality a.11 the clergy and Synodal representatives of his Deanery for discussion occasionally npon topics which, would be suggested to them, or which they might suggest for themselves. There will be no need cf new machinery for this, and though it would not be fair to expect busy men to. travel great distaaces, or frequently, yet even occasional meetings will, I hope, stimulate greater interest in Church matters amojg those concerned. Before I leave the subject of the increase ol the kingdom let me say how earnestly I wish thatour Churches throughout the wholcdiocese could be more *nsed during the week than they are at present. It is sad to see a Church door locked from Sunday to Sunday, and though it may be replied that to hold the ordinary services on the week days would'be a matter of such difficulty in many plaoes* and that they wonld be attended by so few persons, that the labour Of conducting them would be better bestowed in doing work in other ways, still I am convinced that the Bteady adherence to the prayer-book rule on the matter produces in the long run blessings upon the parish for which any earnest pastor cannot be top thankful. But if onr people cannot-find interest enough in the regular morning and evening prayers to induce themto make the effort required in coming, can we not attach them to the Church by some simpler service, and so lead them on to a love for the fuller worship. I set no reason why on weekdays Bible-classes and Guild meetings shonld not bs held, or an occasional meeting for the purpose of singing hymns, : or a weekday or weeknight children's service, or a missionary address. In any of these ways we should be stirring onr people to more life, and teaching them to care more for the House of God. Let me also, borrowing from my own experience, learnt from one of the most active and able Bishops in England, press on the attention of my brethren the valuable help which they would obtain from wisely conducted " after meetings," as they are called* held at special seasons in their Churches when the ordinary services for the day are concluded. A simple instruction with a few earnest words of exhortation, some brief prayers (I see no reason why these, if offered by the .clergyman, himself, should not be extempore), with - one or two simple, well-known hymns, would be the means of drawing mwy persons to make some use of the House of God whofind at present no help to themselves in the more ornate and dignified services arranged in the Prayer-book. Yet to myself in suggesting these various ways of increasing the efficiency and work of the Church in our midst, and to you wham I address may th» recollection come home that is God's r Kingdom for the coming of which we are taught to pray. It is very difficult to resist the spirit of_ rivalry—more difficult to exclude thespirit of self-gr itification in oar work. Of course this is far better than idleness or indifference ; but the remedy against all these lieB to hand. It is in the constant recollection of Him whose is the kingdom. It is ia > getting hold of the fact, in such a way that - it may get hold of us—that by suffering and the cross the Blessed Lord won the kingdom and the crown. . Think what it cost Hint. Keep Him ever before the mind's eye. Bring each action before Him. Test it by the question asked of conscience—Would Heapprove, would He have done it? And if the clear answer comes from a sinoere heart bidding you go forward, then with good courage give of your best labour, your best strength, for the kingdom is the Lord's, and we are but His soldiers and servants. " Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven."' A specially solemn meaning will attack itself in our minds to these words to-day. T had intended, under the heading of thia - petition of the prayer, to have spoken to yotc mainly, if not solely, of that Dersonal holiness' which it is especially the office of the Hols Ghost to impart and'to promote within us, I had thought to dwell somewhat on the need for a higher personal standard of religion, and to have pressed upon you with all my power that, however important may be the other duties of which I have epokea« that which stands as our first requirement to fit us to accomplish rightly the - Church's work is "holiness, without which no man can eee the Lord." But now another ' aspect of these words will-bebefore yo God has called from us so suddenly one * whose going makes to us in Adelaide so J awful a blank that we feel as under a heavy shock. It would be wiong'to murmur. The - Lord hath done as it seemed to FTim good.; For him who has gone «e give thanks. We thank God for his life and his work here. We thank God, some of us, that we have learnt to know him well enough to catch at something of his character, and to have Mm ever in our memories as-an example and a guide. We thank God for his joy now in the * Paradise of the blessed. For we doubt not; he hath indeed passed from death unto Iifew - But yet when.we turn to our work here, in Synod, when we think of thesorrowing family, we can only bow our heads in - reverence and say, " thy will be done." Oa the subject of personal holihess the late Deur was more desirous that I should speak than -i on any other topic I have chosen. For I may r say to you that when I had only laid out the ' scheme of this address some weeks ago I die-<cussed with him the advisability -of nry addressing you as I am doing. It was at his earnest solicitation that I ultimately determined to proceed with it, and 1 shall think it my rduty at Bome future time, if God spares me, to bring before you ths social and other aspects of our work which I see indicated in the remaining petitions of the Lords Prayer. But now I attempt to address myself to the subject of the manifestation of the will of God in our daily life. The disgraceful revelations which have this year been made of so much commercial immorality and shameless dishonesty have been, one is thankful to think, a real shock to our community. Religion has received a blow in our colony from which it will take years to recover. The hypocrisy and hollow profession of active religious principle which have covered so much fraud have disgusted a large number of right-minded people with even the name of religion. What can have led to such an epidemic of embezzle* ment ? Is it that there has been so great at leaning on the emotional side of relitdouateaching that practice has become perhaps insensibly alienated from profession? Is it. the fever of the love of gain which haathrobbed so wildly and burnt up so madlst the life of the people that it has set them ia a delirium of recklessness, only to leave them emasculated and without principle 1 Is it % false shame of poverty and a false estimate of what they think the honour due to wealthl Is it the contagion of emulation which makes , some men restless if they think another ia J getting on faster than themselves, or iB it the love of luxury, that curse of ourage, whiclx creates unnecessary wants, and then deems it necessary to satisfy them, until the whole simplicity of the man has gone from him ? £ know not to which of these causes it may be attributed, but I do know this, that any one of them is a course of life condemned by theilife of Him who came to do His Father's will,' and has taught us to pray that we may do - it. Now, our first duty is clear. It is ta teach a greater simplicity of life. I need! not take up yonr time by suggesting the method. Only that I would urge you, my; reverend brethren, to make it a frequent ancfc prominent topic in your sermons ; next ta press more home upon your neople that manly and in the best sense old English form of Christian teaching which we have iu one grand old Church Catechism—the rale of God s Commandments, the fear of God, thehonour and love due., to man, our duty, f towards God, aud oar duty towards our neighbour. If these were taught a3 theyi ' cnce used to be, iE parents hut taught their children and' masters their scholars this good old-fashioned teaching, I verily believe that the troubles which press on us now through men being indifferent to the needs of each other, and to their own duty.in supplying them, a? well as the shame which rests on us through so much shaux ' Christianity, would have been averted from our land. The first motion will. be submitted by tha Rev. C. G. Tapl : n, and will read as follows s " That in view of the prevailing commercial depression the Synod be asked to forego the collection for the Clergy Annuity Fund fop, the financial year 1886-7." HOSPITAL ITEMS.—On Monday Athelstane Prince, aged 12, of Norwood, was admitted! to the Adelaide Hospital suffering from a compound fracture of the skull, sustained through falling down an incline at the Waterfall Gully. On the same day a youth named William Manuel, of Adelaide, was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital suffering from a severe gunshot wound on the head, supposed to have been caused accidentally^ FLIHDEBS-STBEET PRESBYTERIAN SUSDA^ SCHOOL.—The anniversary tea and puoiia meetings in cormectigu yfitti tSw ablYS Wl take place to-night, 