NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. At four o'clock last evening the House, like tho raven, Tliongb the spealcrri never qniitinj. : Still was siuiiip. still w-n sittuis : ami after a half- hour's respite, time inexorably demanded a renewal of the combat. Air. a. u Neild was undoubtedly the hero of the hour. As there was no risk of increasing the lion, gen tleman's vanity, everybody felt that he migut be congratulated Willi perfect safety, and felicita tions on his remarkable stonewalling perform ance of the previous nicht consequently poured in from all sides. If "the Victoria Cross of public life " is to lie claimed by a member on the strength of a few weeks' tenure of office in a scratch Ministry, what distinction will adequately mark the prowess of the man who has broken all the oratorical records oi tlie conntrv. For eight solid hours he stood in the constitutional breach with the heroic endurance of Horatius on the Bridge. I.et that perform ance, in a truly patriotic cause, cover a multi tude oi puns. ft was only to have been expected that with the glory o: immortal ity radiating from his brow, and a blissful consciousness that the pbenomonal spikeyness of liis moustache bad not been in the slightest degree affected by the achievement which made him famous, M r. Neild'.s self-complacency would be particularly conspicuous. And so it was. ifm- strari i/igi'fo is a more or less pleasant sensationito every one, and to be pointed out by the crow s in t'ae forum as " the mau wot made the boss speech " is a distinction which he ban fairly and honorably won. Under these circumstance-, the graceful dignity with which lie prevade the Chamber and alio we J himself to be admired was a special study in itself. The appearance presented hv the Hoosf a: this lime was anything but that 0 a deliberative Assembly. The floors wen covered with torn papers, which lay about everywhere. .Members with unkempt hair, disordered dress and bloodshot eyes sprawl' about or perched, owl like, upon the benches, and blinked defiance at each other across t Chamber. The Speaker, or hi« deptty, hd beeo 24 hour9 in the chair, and tlia unfortunate dcrki endeavored jto comfort and sustain each other by sympathetic yawna. llamard had virtually given up tho ghost. Such was tho condition of things when last night's business had to bo entered upon. As soon as tho formalities of the new sitting had been disposed of, an armistice of a few minutes was agreed to for tho pnrposoof trying tootled an arrangement by which the contest might ho brought to an end, but nothing camo of it. On tho representatives of both sides reappearing in tho House after their ineffective parley, every body who happened to bo awake at the time cheered defiantly ; members all round the Chamber standing np and vociferating "fight it out." Just then the arrival of a cartload of bedding for tho Government supporters infused frosh courage into tho Ministerial ranks, and elicited a violent outburst of indignation from Mr. Abigail who demanded similar ac commodation for the Opposition. The wrath of tho hou. gentleman only partly subsided on his being given to understand that tho monopoly of the beds would not be made a party question. A horrible suspicion haunted his mind that the same assurance might not apply to mosquito curtains. Event ually, however, he calmed down and demanded tea, intimating that it was ids intention to extend himself on a motion for adjournment as soon as the claims of his inner man had been duly recognised by tho House. It was generally expected that Mr. Abigail was wound up for at least fivo hours, but to tho surprise of cvcryouc he collapsed after a few minntcs. He is too earnest to talk against time with any degree of success. Mr. Garrard camo to liis aid at one time just as lie wan on the point of going under. Mr. Bibbs walked uctoss tho floor with a -skull cap on, and Mr. Garrard "rose to a point of order.' He denied that it was the right of any member to wear ornamental headgear in the House, and would take the Speaker's ruling as to whether the skull cap should not be arrested by the Sergoant-af- Arms. Sir Fatrick Jennings thought, tho skull cap was perfectly in order. Members in the Hotise of Commons were allowed to wear their hats, and if a stovepipe-hat was admitted to tho Chamber, the same privilege would appertain a fortiori to a skull cap. Mr. Dibbs thought, it very ungenerous of Mr. Garrard, with his forest of night-black hair, to object to him with a head like a billiard ball, covering his baldness with a simple skull cap. Nature had denied him what he considered to bo his legitimate due in tho matter of hair, and the skull cap was no disrespect to the House — it, was only a precau tion against cold. If the Speaker ruled that he was to run the risk of taking cold every time he came to the Chamber, well and good ; the doc tors must live, But, otherwise, ho would wear his cap and let them find patients elsewhere. At this juticturo a compromise was ctloeted, Mr. Dibbfl being allowed to retain his cap while Bitting down but undertaking to remove it whenever be got on liis feet. This important question disposed of, Mr. Abigail made a second start, but " fetched up' almost immediately and gavo way to Mr. Garland. Talking against time cannot be very exhilarat ing to the Speaker ; to his audience it is tho rciineineut of torture. Mr. Garland, however, plodded wearily but bravely on, while tho House listeued with an endurance bordering upon stoicism. A number of lion, members at this juncture began to bring their beds into tho Chamber, when another point of order arose. The Speaker would tolerate hats under certain conditions, but he most em phatically drew the line at beds. < Take up thy bod and walk" was his peremptory mandate to tho somnolent senators. Jt was one thing, however, to prevent hon. members from going to bed in the Senate House, but it is quite another thing to proveut thctn going to nlcep. Lulled by the eloquence of Mr. Sydney Smith, who followed Mr. Garland, it did not require a feather bed to induce balmy slumber, as the chorus of snores wliich began to resound from all sides of the House proved. The matters discussed in the stonewalling speeches were of no particular importance, and it would have been all the same if they were. Man who can span the oceans ami take in the movements of the spheres as if they were marbles in a play-ring, is after all but a puny creature. What is the fate of empires or dynasties to a man whose dinner disagrees with him ? It might be in the power of one green cucumber to alter the map of Europe. What is Bismarck with all the iron legions of Germany at his back if lie happens to have a rebellion in his stomach? Thirty-six hours without sleep can turn tho highest representative Assembly in the land into n state of listless disorganisation which renders the serious consideration of anything out of the question. That was the condition of the House at midnight last night. In that condition both Hides were glad to come to an understanding, and shortly before 1! o'clock thin morning a compromise was agreed to and the debate was adjourned to Tuesday. 