. 'ills (: THE FINANCES. . ' With respect to financial matters I think I may relertvith some satisfaction to the condition of tho finances. We have had very difficult times toface in connection with finance since the present Government took office. The very first thing I saw as Treasurer was this, 1 had to raise £8,000,000 of money within about two vears. in order to pay oft old Joans. Well, that was a very serious thing to do, to go to tlio London luarkst »o immediately on the back of the loan ' Voted for railway purposes. It caused me and the Government the very deepest anxiety, But the whole of tho loan operations Vero carried through most successfully , and the press and the people of the country were notified at tho amount which our loans realised, and the result was that we were able to pay off our bonds without any difficulty whatever. Well now we have brought down tor the sret tune ior may y ' eendlture on the estimates within the nominal Income on the estimates. In former years, and for many years back, it had been the custom to voto hundreds of thousands of pounds iiore than tho revenue of the year as shown upon the estimates j that Is to say, " the Minister Informed Parliament that he could raise £6,000,000, but ii the House liked it might vote him £6,500,000 for purposes of expendi ture, That was not business at all, but it wn3 done nevertheless. It was quite evi dent that no Treasurer could spend £6,500,000 out of £6,000,000. The re sult of it was that great sums were voted lor puhlio works which could not bo met out of the ordinary revenue of the year. The Treasurer expended the money in just the directions in which ho pleased, that is to say in place of carrving out the directions of the nouse. rue xiuuae — what he could not do, he had to select for him self what he would do, and exactly to what ex- \- tent he would do it. Then the members of Par- Jiament brought influence tobearupon him, and in consequence the biggest beggar got the biggest share. Lntelv under this Government we have managed to keep the ostensible expenditure within the ostensible income, and tho result is the Treasurer has his money to pay away in the specified directions, and having done this has nothing in his pocket j and members of Parliament had found that when promised a big vote, if they did not qualify for it, the .money lapsed, it was not spent, but went back into the consolidated revenue. We have had the largest floating balances in the banks during our administration that any Government ever had, and the pleasantest feature of the retrospect is that when the present Government took office our debentures stood in London at £101 5s., or '£3 or £4 below the New South Wales deben tures. They now stand at £105 10s., and for the first time for many years they had lately actually topped the New South Wales deben- ' tures. We stood at the top of the whole of the Australian colonies for two on three months, and I have no doubt we shall do so again. (Hear, hear.) Another feature is well worth mentioning. When we entered into office we found on the books of the various de partments no fewer than 435 men of the unem ployed, but under the Government lately not a man of this kind 1s employed. In drawing at tention to these things, we are merely stating facta No doubt a great deal of our success is owing to the quiet state of the country, which has enabled every man to attend to hie own business, and has given a feeling of safety in the investment of capital. There can be no doubt a nation at peace: is a nation _injrospcrity. (Hear, bear.) ' FEDERATION AND KINDRED MATTERS. "The question will arise, and Ithink you will be interested a little if I tell you the exact position at' the present moment of the federation question, the annexation question and the New Caledonian question. You have all been . watching these matters with so keen an eye |rom the beginning that I need not recapitu late. The resolutions forwarded to me by the . various local bodies in regard to our action is an evidence that it is appreciated. We are in this position : live colonies of the Australian group have united, and these five represent 1,500,000 people, which is about half of the population of the colonies. It is matter for deep, regret that all the colonies had not come into the. union, but one was prevented from doing so by accident, another from I think .a mistaken idea of one of the . Ministers : at tho helm of nffalrs in New South Wales. I do not know exactly . why she did not come in, fo I won't say anything about it, beyond that my own opinion is that it is a great pity she did not come in at first, but she will not long remain out of It. I see in this morning's papers souie- . thing about the_ island of Samoa which will' startle our New Zealand cousins, and in reading it they will feel that had they joined the union they .would, have bad a greater influence in Samoan matters than they now have, 'the first Federal Council meeting is to be held in Hohart on the 25th , inst., and Mr. Berry and I are to he the Vic torian delegates. It will he a very, humble ke- , ginning, hut I think it will prove a verv. , fruitful . one (Hear, hear.) It will be a seed, which like a grain of mustard seed, will . be smaUvvlien sown, but will spring into a , great tree, which will envelop all the colonics. There is power given us in our Enabling Act for the colonies to he brought together . when they? want to come together, al- ; though 60 long as they do not want to » unite . theymeed not The New Guinea question jis.of cpuree.a monument of the iunetion of the Colonial Secretary, and hut for that unfortu- ..nate,te)i£rom of Sir Alexander Stuart's, which .. said the people of Sydney did not agree with the telegram sent by me urging the Imperial Go- vernment. immediately to annex the unoc- . cupied portion of New Guinea, nil would : have been right. But this fell like a bomb shell ..amongst the Agents-General, and . strengthened Lord Derby in his police of in- , action. He no doubt thought at once," " Tluv , don't agree amongst themselves ; why should 'I . bother ?" and the result was Germany stepped , in and snatched away half the continent This would always he remembered when future historians write the history of , N ew Guinea, and words will be used conveying \- quite as much Borrow and regret as are uttered at the present day. Besides New Guinea there are other islands, such as New Britain, which ought to have fallen to our share, but they all went the same way, and the only thing we , can console ourselves with is that the Germans ore good neighbours, and not likely to fnil to ..loggerheads with us. This, however, is poor . consolation. We had a terrible fight about the convicts 01 Now Cnlerinmfl l.nt u 5 Shown by tho fact that up to the present ' moment not a singie convict has been 6ince seut there by the French Government,- and in . regard to the Isew Hebrides, which the French cost a longing eye upon with the view of making those lBiandsapenal settlement, nothing is to be fSDS ihiim cntil Australia is consulted. Well, I look upon these steps as keeping these islands from falling into the bands of Franco for all time to come, and this matter is .one of the most important in tho world to these , colonies. The Agent-General some time : .j»go lyired to mo that tho New Hebrides must go to Franco. I wired home to lwn to make no terms with Franeej she will never get those islands with' bur consent. No matter what the French Government of to-da.v mav promise, another may come -into, power nex't venr, and- overturn it all. : I refused to concede in the slightest degree ill the direction of permitting France to have the New Hebrides. SILENT MEMBERS AND OBSTRUCTIVES. Now in nil this work we have had blame as well as praise. It would be no use unless we had hlnuiers as well as prnisers. In this latter Parliament we havo had no reason to complain. Wo have received an amount of consolidated support- audi as no Ministry ever before received. Wo wero sup ported evening after evening by a solid plial- anx of members, determined to carry on the business of tho country, and many or tlieiu carried on that business more bv their silence thsn tliey could have done in any other way. There are men in tho Houso who do not seem to understand that thev have no right to monopolist' nil lue UIUC, yyi> iiimi imwt' thought of a member who rises 35 times at one sitting? Frequently Ministers had refrained from sneaking rather tlian'wasto time, and members sitting behind the Government had also been silent, even at the risk of not doing full justice to their constituents, rather than delay Busi ness; and by doing this they did more for tho country than tlioso who gabbled all tho time. (Applause.) The members who delayed business wero something like Hainan and Mordecai. Hanian, you will remember, could not find com fort because a Jew sat at the king's gate, and these members were, not happy because others occupied the Treasury benches. Much of tlio work which . the "Government had done has been described n3 having been . scamped and having Veen rushed through. Par liament. I say that .thero :is no foun; datiou for ..'these .statements. .Those mem- UtTa uiiu uvmiuvu i uui-im.«i rushing it through it would have been an im possibility to transncl.it at all. Some members wished for a; stronger Opposition, but I took occasion to remind them one night- in the House of the manner in which the previous G oveniment had sat for twenty months, and had done really nothing through tho strong Opposition with which they were confronted. I say a weak Government is a curse to the country. (Ap plause.) It is most desirable, of course, that an Opposition should bo in a position to scan and criticise, but that a Government should bo nt the mercy of nil Opposition is quilo unen durable. " Measures certainly could be im proved by amendments which a very strong Government might, by reason of its strength, refuse to adopt. Many of tho best mea sures in force in the colony have been amended again and again : and one gentle men, who has charged us with scamping work, had his name associated with the passing of the Mining Regulations Act, a measure which itself has been amended twice. The Torrens Act to facilitate tho transfer of land, in tlio passing of which I had a part thirty yenrs ago, was carried through the House like a sack of coal. We copied tho South Australian act, and 35 members promised to support Mr. Coppin and myself, the result being that we carried the bill through without tlio. aid of tlio lawyers, and in spite of the opposition of the Government and several prominent, politicians. Well, now, what was the result? Nobody objected, and then the lawyers came in to help lis to amend the bill. Now, with respect to the Government administration generally, I think I can claim that it has been of an honest and upright fashion, and tho Government has never been charged with corruption. Now, I will tell you a story. (A laugh.) THE SIXTH JUDGESHIP. Tliero was ono member ol tho As sembly who frequently slangwlianged the Government, but whose assaults had not much effect, who made a direct charge against one of my colleagues. I grew warm .mid asked him if he . would stake his reputation on the truth of tho charge. What was tho result? Ho went outside and said "to another member, "Was not Service a fool to think I was in earnest ?" (Laughter.) A good deal of that sort of thing is carried on in the HouEe, but the members' are not deceived though people in the gallery may he. That is one of the advantages of sending old mem bers to the Assembly, and I would have you re member it \vhcn the elections como on. We have been charged with having perpetrated one of the biggest jobseverdouo by placing the late At torney-General upon the bench. It was the biggest job because it was perpetrated bv both Houses of Parliament. Mr. Kerferd" was complimented on tho floor of the House, and every ono knew that, if tho hill to appoint a Bistli judge were passed. Mr. Kerferd would be appointed, nnd if the name of George Briscoe Kcrfeid had been put hi the hill it would have been passed almost unanimously by Parliament as it. bad been. It has been said that another judge was not needed — (hear, hear)— and that if he were Mr. Ker- terd was net a suitable man to appoint. Now it will be remembered during the first half of the year and up to August tlio papers teemed with reflections upon tlie Government, in con sequence of the block in the Supreme Court and one of the. leading paper.-, which bv tho wav did not approve of tlie appointment of Mr. Korferd, Had this sentence, " tiie existing block in the Supreme Court not only attracts attention." Alout the same time a deputation waited upon me consisting of men like Mr. Wobb, Mr. I'uvves, Mr. Motile, the two Davieses and Mr. Duffy, and insisted that they could not get on unless an other judge wero appointed, and wo pirotniscd to'iiitroiluce a measure to meet the exigencies of the ease. Wo did so later oil, and our hill provided for four appellate judges and three puisne ones, but it was introduced Jato in tho cession -and Parliament had lio lime todcal with it. The bill increased the jurisdiction of magis trates and extended the period during which a man might ho sued for a debt. It used to be one yc-ar ; it was afterwards increased to two years, and it is now extended to the full period of tho Slatutcof Limitations. There were- other improvements in the machinery of the County Courts, and theso improvements wero of suen an important character that one member of tlio House, Dr. Quick, of Sandhurst, a gentleman learned in tho law himself, felt these County Court improvements were to important that lie declared ho would not voto for the bill unices they were kept in it. The result was that the clauses with respoct to tho anpioinlment of tlioso seven judges wero all struck out, and ono clauao was put in for the pur pose of simply appioiiitmg a sixth judge, ihat was not done _1jv Mj« jKcrford. It- w:as done by instructions 'from myself that that should be done, nisei done to carry out what we believed to be tho will, not only of Parliament, but fllft (lP.eirn ftf <111 Vbrila <1\. ...t.-i' institute.of; attorneys and solicitors. ' Well, oho morning ono of' the papers cauie out with" tho. statement that there .was no block' at all, and that tho appointment ' of a sixth judgo wa3 totally unnecessary. .' A REVELATION.". ' That statement, to use tho words of one of my colleagues, fell upon us liko a revelation. It had been so drummed into our ears that wo must have another, judgo .by all parties con cerned that wo never, thought of disputing the tiling. We were conscious ourselves that thero was a block, and that it was necessary it should ho got rid of. However, tho House of Assembly, which had tho hill before it this time, did net choose to "jump Jim Crow," but laughed at tlio remark, passed the bill and rns'sed on. A\ lieu the bill w cut to tho Upper House they hesitated for ono tiny over it on account of this new VC') that arose ovor tlie block ; and llio Law Insti tute, alarmed lost the bill would not lie pasted, actually presented a petition to tlio Upper House to pass tho hill, snowing tho absolute necessity for it in tlio public interest. Then l think tliey passed tho bill by n large majority ; but I forget what was tho division. Now, so far as the question of a judge being, required is concerned, I have no hesitation in saving that tho Government wero entirely justified in recognising that as tv neces sity. (llear, hear, and cheers.) liio only other question is tlio fiiuess of air. Kerferd for the position. It is always ail un pleasant thing to deal with personal mail civ, and I know of nothing in my political life which I regret so much as the attacks-which have been made upon a gentleman tnan wnoui men. is no member in either branch of the legisla ture more highly respected. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KERFERD'S QUALIFICATIONS. Mr. Kerferd is a. gentleman who has l.i-oii bc-fore the public for twentv-ono voars. lie has been Attorney-General longer than any other man. 1 think I am right in raying that. Certainlv longer (ban any other save one, and I think 'ho has been longer than any other. At all events, he lias been a law officer of the Crown longer than anybody else. He has been law officer for haif-tho term- of his 1'arlianieutary carcer,_ For eight years lie lias been a; l;ov officer of the Crown. - It is generally admitted that he is not a' fool, that lie is an apt scholar, and that ho is a clever mail. I don't care whether a man niakes .boots .'or: builds ships. . ifhchashcen ut r.l" irnr'.- m.. iXl'llt flf t.'71 VOlirS Mllolv lio. must acquire some knowledgo of it. Here ' is a gentleman who lias been studying law in its most diverse forms, became it comes before tlio Attorney- General in many forms which hardly ever appear before tlio bench or at tho liar — "at least, very rarely. I notice in n iapcr to - day a statement showing tlie mictions of the Attorney - General, and that statement is very interesting | to rend. Tlie duties ot the Attorney-General are of a far more varied and higher order than j is generally understood, and no one, oxcept ri gentleman of high capacity, is capable oi per forming them. It has been said that Mr. Kcr- ; ford lias, not had much practice at the bar. j Well, wo know this, that thero are nianyi practitioners before the court who have been able to get verdicts out of unwilling juries on behalf of clients— practitioners who are clevc-r in that direction, but we should no more like to see such men on the Supreme Court- bench than a nameless personage. (Laughter.) There aro plenty of these men, learned in the law and' clever at speaking to a jury, hut nevertheless utterly incapable, from the want of a judicial mind, or from tho want of honest purpose, and from tho want of gene ral intelligence and necessary patience, to occupy a posilion on tho bench. All of these cliaractenEtics belong in a high degree to Mr. Kerferd. Besides this, .Mr. Kerferd was — and perhaps it is nut , generally known — for two years in the office oi Judge Fellows, and certainly lliat was one of the best schools in which a man could graduate in law matters. 'Mr. Kerferd when a law officer of the Crown did what Mr. Iligiiibotliaiii used todo. Unmade it habit net to lakeprivato busi ness. Ho devoted all his time to theduty of his office, and stuck to liis work. . Tlie result was that liis work was well done. As Attorney- General ho has again and again to send appeal cases homo to the l'rivy Council, and, I think, iii.no caso has his opinion been contrary to the ultimate decision of the Privy Council. (Cheers. ) There is lliat.tioied case of "Mount anu Morris connected with biuekbirding in the Pacific, i Tliey got convicted and imprisoned in tlio Mel- j bourne gaol, and a point of law was raised. The law declared that the Secretary of State had to uamo the place where these convicted men were to be imprisoned. Of course living on the other side of the world, the Secre tary of State did not do this. Judge Fellows paid " these men must go," and these men did go, and escaped. Mr. Kerferd was attacked in 1 he House for having failed in punishing these men, and it was a very narrow thave in tlie House of defeating tlie Government on lhe subject. The following year Mr. Kerferd, being Premier, induced the House to submit a ease to the Privy Council, and tlie Privy Coun cil siiptained Mr. Kerferd's opinion agaiiist that of Judge Fellows, There. was another ease, that of the Rotorua against tho Harbor Trust for some damage done. Mr. Kerferd advised tlie Harbor Trust to defend that action. They did defend it. The jury found for tlie Rotorua and brought in a verdict of £6000 damages. The caso went on appeal to tho Privy Coun cil, and the Privy Council again' sustained Mr. Kerferd's opinion and reversed the decision oi i iiu jury, puucers.j very wen, mere was this late caso of the Oriental Bank, where the Government had over £400,000 in iho hands of that hank. Tho question arose whether tlie Government had 11 preferential claim, and »l>y careful and astuto manage ment, entirely by Mr. Kerferd, the Go vernment recovered all that money and half tho interest besides. (Cheers.) Now theso are things which must ho explained away. If you see a' gentleman capable of doing this; is ho not capable of sitting on tho bench and giving an honest and upright decision when peoplo liko us , go before him? I do not think one-tenth or -oue .twen tieth :of I lio picoplc of Melbourne havo any sympathy . with tho abuse which lias been heaped upon us. upon this subject. Lawyer after lawyer has coiuo to ino and told mo how terribly disgusted they were at this nbu>.\ It had been said that Mr. Kcrfei d is a briefless bar rister, but ono lawyer told mo that he had gone over the hooks of his Ann, and found tiiat since 1880 that firm alone had paid Mr. Kcrlerd 1000 guineas for. fees,, and I know ilint others lmve done tlio same. Ono of the most respected Supremo Court judges, whom wo 'all know and respect, voluntarily wailed on me and said that he was delighted that i had put Mr. Kerferd on the bench, as lie would mako an excellent, judge ; and another judgo eainc to me nud said, " If Wo aro to havo a sixth jitdgo I slinl! he glad to see Mr Kerferd in the position. We know more easi law tlmn ho aoos', but he knows jnore blaluto law than wo do." This shows wo were justified in appointing Mr. Kerferd, and not only so, but .also that wo should havo done n gvicvousAvrong had wo not given tlio appoint ment to him who, of nil others, most deserved it, and who had served Ids couulrv in a wav nr. other man in tho community h'nil served it. , Mil. KEIiFEill) DID NOT APPOINT ( HIMSELF. 1 ' Sdmo. peoplo' '.object to lhe Attorney-General appointing himself to tho bench ; no Altoniov- . General over does so. It is a .colloquia way of putting it,: Homo ono might say Sir Wii Iain Stawcll appointed lnfusclf Chief Justice hut H would not bo correct. It with the Cabinet, and especially a question for .the,. Premier of the day, hoeama thv .Premier has to sign tlio judge's cornmi-Am, and all ho has to do is to refusolo document, and twenty Attorney-General "could not arpomt themselves. Mr. Kerferd w as put i oil tlio bench by tho unanimous consent of hiB ! colleagues nnd almost unanimous consent of Parliament. No man was ever elevated to that position with higher honors than Mr. Kerferd was, nnd in six months limo I ven ture to say peoplo will say Ihcro was never ii better judgo than Mr. Justice Kerferd. Eighteen or twenty months ago another gen tleman was put on the County Court bench, and a lot of peoplo said that was ft bau ap pointment; bnt now it was universally admitted that he was ono of tho best County -Court judges on tho bench. I have taken a lot of timo to refer to this subject as ft charge is made against us, and I thought it better to put matters fairly before the country. MR. SERVICE'S RETIREMENT. Having dono with the past, let us deal with the present. Up to this moment the Government has commanded the confidence of the House, and I veiitnro to think the rtf (tin nniinin- hi t.hft bulk of tlio measures passed, and 'in our ad ministration,. and I believe tlie Government might he5nstitied in Faying that if they again .went before the country in a solid phalanx, and asked tlieni for a renewal of that confidence, tlioy would get it, and obtain a substantial majority. (Hear, hear.) But this is not to be. So far" as I am concerned, when I re turned to tho colony three years ago I did not intend to ic-cnlcr political life. The condition of health of an aged relative of mino was tlie cause of my return, but I was suddenly pitchforked intu politics. 1 hail no idea of having a long reign, because Ministries in Victoria aro notoriously short lived, and I looked to a return to England" earlier than I iiavo been ublo to return. AVhen I left England 1 : left it a year earlier.lhaji I intended through the, cause I have referred to. and KlUgilliJg.y J.l will, cull ... 111V lllliv 11. wv I...V.V III London by tlio Exhibition year— that is this year.. However, 1 liavesiiot yet gone. Early in the last session 1 found the strain of work upon me was more than I could stand, and after the budget speech my voice entirely gave way. I was not able to enter the House to speak for ft month,, nnd, in fact, this is tlio first timo I have made a sus- | laincd speech since. I canio here to-night in j fear and trembling in ease my voice would, not ! servo me but 1 am very glad it lias done j so because I was anxious to tell you about j things. Soniepcoplcean go three, six and nine i years in ofiico ami not get tired of it, i but 1 cannot do the work in ft half i and half way. I go into tiie work and ; ir there is no work t6 do, I mako woik. j Within tho last three years tlio work of tlie government, owing to its foreign policy, lias been such as was never known before, and none I of my colleagues, no one on earth, except my ! worthy secretary, Mr. Thomas, who is hero on ! the platform, will over know what labortlic work i dono entailed. , 1 have referred to Mr. Thomas in an unpremeditated manner — perhaps lie will I not like my thus complimenting him, hut ho lias been my right hand man by night and by day — always present and ready to consult, to suggest, to draft and to undertake worl: which I could lint liavo undertaken. (Loud applause.) 1 felt that it was no nso my attempting another ol.V/Nfimi onillrtftSoit onrl ll.it! aitwl njliAP (Itttttre made me conclude to ret ire, nud when we found that Mr. Kerferd and Mr. Berry wero also about to retire we considered what should' bo 'done. You know when the master of a ship dies tlio mate takes charge and takes the ship into port. Komyuiu must- carry ou tho business of the couutrv until tho electors' have (lie opportunity of expressing tlieir views, and wo would have been unworthy of the positions we hold if wo . had' not taken measures to' see that this was done, uutil tlie country had spoken. Wo therefore, when we tendered our resignations, advised the Governor that one of tho Government — Mr. Gillies— would take tho j helm. Mr. Gillies hail the claim Jiy Fcnioritv in point of service, and in intellectual ! capacity lio is second to no ono in tho i House. Ho lias been a public .mull for many years, and has been a Minister in many Governments. AVo named Mr. Gillies as the proper mail to take the helm, for what is nil interim administration, and we are not to be blamed for talc ng that course. A\"c have only performed wiiat was our bouuden duty. AVc know the capacity of Mr. Gillies ,and the other .members of tho Govorument. AVekiiow tliat tliey will not reverse the policy which wo havo been carrying- on for the past three years, anil which the country has already endorsed. If we have provided for the Govern ment being carried on ill this way wo have dono our duty, and the country cannot com plain. It will soon havo its "opportunity to speak. -There ore questions, FUch as that regarding education, which always come before us at election timo, and will contiuuo to do so for some time to come. AYlio is there in this colony better quali fied to carry out tlio Education Act than Mr. r!illiflf;_Ai)iA fif iiu nntlioru timl n fdttitir.pinp who has always defended it? Then as to irri gation, who is belter than Mr. Dcahin? Finally, wo liavo in the course which we have taken tlio analogy afforded by New .South AA'ales tho other day. AVl'ieii Sir Aex. Stuart and Mri Daliey went out of office they handed over tho reins to Mr. Dibbs, ivlto bad been their treasurer. PERSONAL JUSTIFICATION. There is one other remark I wish to make. It has been said that we should have gone to tlie country and met tho new Parliament and then resigned. AVell. a course like that would liavo been undignified and unworthy of any Ministry, and would bo to deceive the .country, A Government is returned to power on tho basis of policy aod /kr.<onm/. if we propounded a policy ami promised certain measures nnd went anil met Parliament, mid tlieii resigned, it would bo said that vro had played with tlie country, nnd been returned under falso pretences ; that wd made promises which wo could not and did not, mean to cam- out ; and Hint we did it for a sinister reason One of tho tilings at which our supporters have u right to bo vexed is that tho Government which tliey havo been supporting is now to be reconstructed, and personally 1 feel vexed upon tho subject, myself. I may tny that Parliament as a whole is as good as you can get for many a day, and 1 should Jiko to lio in the' position of assisting them longer. Hut tliey will feel that tho course wo have adopted is the only manly and straightforward ono that was open to us under tlio circumstances. I have only 0110 word to say with respect to the future. Tho question lias been raised in " tlio country— '" " IS THE COALiTION TO END ? Is this coalition system which Was stnrted throo years ago to ' go- on, or is' it to como to an end ? : It is for you and tlio other constituents;of tlio colony to say yea 'or uav AVbcu this coalition was first formed il was a' clear, caso of two distinct parties 'comin» to gether, thosnnionsthomootingof tyvodiffcrcutly colored waters; as you will seo in -some parts of IU6 world. Thero wns a clear perpendicular wall between them cut down, hut< what ivo havo had in Parliament lias not been a coaltidn hut an amalgamation. That has been theslnto of tilings for tho bust session or two, and tlio question Is— Is that stato of things to continue ? Is there anything. in tho interests of the country that demands that this elat© ot things should conto to an end? Has tho coalition, as it has been called t what I now call an amalgamation, lien',' duclivo of good, to tliu colnnv or of evil? ?" it desirable we should , call oui tlio old mrt and raise tho old parly, cries ?— in fact tint ,? Bhould try to resuscitate the evil dnv= of tt past ? AVell, I say in my opinion-ami nor perhaps, I am going further than I oimht to speaking of the future, and 1 liavo no futim politically, but I know you will rfI with mo when I say that tlio attempt to ."-sarrwl these old party cries and parties is utterly van If you could resurrect them, tliey would onlv u ' the ghost of those parties and pa'rtv erics, 'ii,, , ' would lie worse than gliosis, because a ii not n bad tiling, if there is a clean s-liect aiont it. (Laughter.) But in place of rcsurrccti- v good, clean walking ghosts that we eouid cf niireand respect, you would resurrect theputrij corpses of old parlies anil party ciift and they would ho olfcusiro alike' to fi emoll and toucli of llio wholo i cotdo cl Vintnr'ut. fCJlionrn.") A rnw n< time in this colony ciinuot ben; tit country, however it may benefit a politicians. Thero are seme politicians wtcsro anxious to get into office. Ithink I uetdliarj!,- liavo used the indellnito pronoun "kIukJi I think I might uso tlio word "ai|' But thero aro soino politicians who are very anxious, and who are always on the look out for a squall, thinking that 'on t!» wings of llie tenipest tliey may ride into power and you will find a few of those storm jc-trels (lying about at election times, and tluv era flying about now. It is for you, 'after th ice yoar.3 of peace nud quietness, either ta say good live to Hint btatu. of things, or to say — " AVe aro so satisfied with lliinn as' tliey are that wo seo no reason why this old cries .should ho raised again." Thero is nothing to divide tho parties now in una iiyiifit'i «um ittuu m insuiiHg ui ui'j country to divide tho parties who will l» brought into'tlio liotv' Parliament. AVhcn a red ease of strife arises, then is the lime ior cvwy man to enter into tlio strife, and to fH"; for tho party to which lio belong?. Hat tliero is no strife existing, and cuihJ be lie who bringetb on bttife wlsa peace prevails. 1 meant to make a fev. rtiiKri, on the decentralisation league question, but the hour is so late that 1 am afraid I shall act !; able to touch upon it. 1 will tav a things thatI prepared. It will give a opportunity ' for others to follow nud to correct mo where I am wren g, nnd to sliw. to what extent- this decentralisation question has been justified in tlie course which lias ka iaken up. bo far as tlio towu ver/iu lhe country and tlio country mvw.< tlio town is conecrtel I do not liko (lio cry to ho raised, lai if the facts justify tlio raising of the cry, then it is the facts nnd not th? persons who raise tliocrv, which aro to lOnra:, THE DECENTRALISATION LEAGUE I havo always been a country member myself, and I am quite prepared to lake up t ire.- eudgvls en behalf of tho country, but what struct ins in connection with this league was tint it seemed to me a body which was got up l, itbout a platform to begin with. (Cries tf' ' No. AVell there was a great deal of trouble i:i making a platform forit. (No.) First let mo tell yea oca or two facts. I know ono gentlemen went to Bailarat, and dc-clared in respect to our Elec toral Bill, which was thrown out, that it pro vided for seven new members for Mclbouriu and suburbs, and only tlireo for the country; tho truth being, that it provided fur five for llio country und. five for the metro politan districts. Another man said, as unottier ' plnuk, that tlio merchants in tho inland towns ought to have the right eft possessing bonded store?. This is a viry a- lnarknble thing to make a phuil; in th: piri form. Considering people have had the right' of having bonded stores in tho country tor tl r last dozen -years. That looks like footing about for planks. 1 know I am trending a (lio uorns of sorno of my good huineriJ friends, but 1 sav tlie league, should huve get figures first to start with, for if tliey lei figures tliey would stand oil a solid roe!;. Their programme lias been altered tv. ico or three times. I got tho completed programme ant down to me, and 1 think tlio programme is art that almost anyone ill the colony can sirs and approve, hut it is so awfully vague 1 deiri see what is to como out of it. There is cslj oue tiling it. it whicli is definite, and that it alout tho Newport workshops. That i? definite enough. But I am not going into it, L" I told llio deputation to-day what I thought about it, and it will bo in to-uiorrtt ' newspapci-s. 1 have prepared ft statement d expenditure in town nnd country exti i.iiir; over tho last ten years, which is as mar peric-t as I can make it in tlio time, it 'will be put- lishcd so tliat anyone can examine it, and ptw it right or wrong. Remembering nt tbvprut-t time that tho piopulat ion of Melbourne i' slightly more than one-third tlio p-op.uhtia of the country, if Melbourne gets onc-ihirJ <' tho expenditure urnl the country yets !«» thirds, the money will be spierit ou lie p'-l"'5' lion basis. The statements show tlie follows expenditure: — AVorfcs and building-: JhH bourne. £1,765,000; country, £1,663,(0); diamond drills, £87,000 to tlio coniitry; l1"-1: pieoting vote, country, £50,000; ngrieulnp j societies, Melbourne, £7000, country, £95.09); i scab prevention, country, £86,000 :' cliaiital.i institutions, Melbourne, £515,000: couulry, £637,000 : school buildings, £285,000 : couiilOi £1.070,000 ; maintenance of schools, Me'l'oiiri'i £873,000 ; country, £3,520,000; flee libra::, country, £60,000 ;' subsidies to mimieipi'litiA Melbourne, £320,000; country, £3,2H,Cwi Mining department ; country, £50, Ws mail services, ' Melbourne, £120.000, cons- trv, £900,000; water suppilv, Meltor'-i .£661,000 . country, . £1,127,000. Melbourne, £4,5-18,000 ; country, £12,C'2!,cv; tho. grand aggregate rif expenditure 1 — £17,169,000. Taking 30 per cent., rvliH'lrtjb I a low estimate of what the town was eat'."' , | lo, Melbourne ought to havo I £5,150,000, whereas welbourno got I less. Tho railway expenditure was in MclJ»"ri'. I £3,000,000 less ihnu in tho. country. I"15' I you hejp!ily for your kind ami courteous ata j lion, and in saying tlio word farowc-il, ii'S'L I do with regret, I also thank you wr your kindness sinco I liavo been rfre | tenting you. I know I have net ». . ublo to do everything for the . whicli I should liavo liked to havo done, _ . havo done ail I could fairly and jiwly 'J0 3I1 . am sorry 1 havo to piart with Casllew" , j I do so lo return to England, and I a» £' . leave you as I left, my two' other eoustuuvu" tho best of friends. (Cheers.) Sir. J.- AV. Ilorwood moved— , | Tluit. ll.lv .meeting ilcflivs .to . expron (I Blanks anil gratitude to Mr. James Serv.ee for , .,.,1 ) deny lag ami patriotic maimer In wlilcli tie ig.. iliu onerst!". .tiiiiea of member for Ceatk-uuuoc - nfierof Vieigila. . - , . - . .-nut (Applause.) Ho spoko inhlghly eulof"|lc.' of Mr. Service, whom lio characterised ;1 Bonconslleld of tho Southern Hcunspa v1 ,rJ . .. Before Mr) Ilorwood, had fiiiishod uief loud calls for Mr." Berry. il) "Mr, Bervico' said it tvas not nocossary ' .,,nj motion should ho put. Tho way tW 'm had received and listened to bint wasau (Applause.) " . (; \- Sir. Berry rose in response to „ ',,r,iUJ j ceivod a very warm welcome. 110 ' I that ho was unablo to give them » hours wliMi lie would require if. ho started— (Hu-'bter) — because a special train was wait- ,,i" "ami tho timo for its depart uro had already gono by. Ho had listened quietly ami patiently to Mr. Sorrico's address, and it li-id boon full and nccuruto, as Mr. Service al ways was, but if ho (Mr. Service) had been coin" for election again, ho could liavo put more fire into his speech and .liiado it strongor in support of tho Government, nud tho party which had supporlcd it during tho last tiireo years. Ho (Mr. Berry) would con tinue to watch tho course of events in tho colony with great interest. Ho had now, " as ho always had, tho greatest confidence in t .- the pcoplo of Victoria, who were able to iSviago their own nffuirs, They would bring tin? right men to tho front as tlioy required (ic,in nud the men thus selected would manage (bo business of tbo colony in a manner which would bo for tho progress and welfare of tho entire community. (Applause.) , _ „ After a vole of thanks had been passed to the chairman, llio proceedings terminated. 