An English Ghost Story. LADY Hoby is again said to ba haunting Bis ham Abbey, and is causing «o little sensa tion. She wr.s tVio wife of the English am bassador to the Court o£ France in I5G6. Tha abbey is the moat historic religious house , in Berkshire, and in one of the apartments is a peculiar painting representing the lady with a v,ery white face and hands, dressed in the coif, weeds, and wimple then allowed to a baronet's lady. In this identical dress, it is mosistrongly averred, she has been frequently seen in one of the bedrooms o£ the Abbey, with a self-supporting basin moving before her, in which she is perpetually trying to wash her hands, bat the most remarkable part of the story is that the so-called apparition al ways appears in the negative, viz., the black part white and the whifc9 part bkok. The Btory, as now told by the domestics and vil lagers, ia that she beat , her son William to death bsoause ho could not write without making blots, and a singular part-of the tale j is that a short time ago, in altering the shut I tera of the dining-room, a great number of i children's copy-books of the time of Queen ! Elizabeth were discovered pushed between the : joists of the'floor, some of which answered exactly to the tale as if the child could not write a single line without making a blot. Neither the dome3tic3 at the Abbey nor the adjacent villagers will hear one word against the narrative.-London Letter in the Phila delphia Telegraph. . . VI WISH to know the amount of lumber re ceived at this port annually, from the north," said Daacon Fitch, walking up and down the sanctum .with his eyes on the carpet. "'I j wonder whom I had better apply to 'for the figures." "That's an easy one," said Mr. Upton, smiling good-humoredly at his chief's over sight of an obvious source of information. " Shall I ring far the commercial editor ? " " Oh no, no," the.Darcon exclaimed, rflb tioning his obliging subordinate to keep his seat: " It isn't for the paper; the figures are needed to guide me in a private investment. I want the truth." 