OUR P.\KIS LETrER. (From Our Oirn. Correspondent.}. . Paris, March 6. Hamlet was first represented in France in 1769, at the Theatre Francais. It was arranged by Durcia, in five acts and Terse, " bat, as gipsies do. st-deh children, dis figured to make them unrecognisable. ; It was a paraphrase rather than a transla tion, and lacked the energy and suppleness of tba original. The interpretation, too/ bad to bow to the prejudices .of the clas-' sicat school, which found a ghost, a rat in the .arras, and a grave-yard, scenes too realistic. Durcis helped to make " the diviue William" known to bis conntry . uien. He discovered the " Bard of Avon" as Dumas did—theVMediterauean. Since then, the cry is "still they come," re specting translations, where the arrangers, or adapters, proceed generally on the principle, they, knew more about his plays than the poet himsdf. They forget, that Shakespeare was simply a playwright, like Moliere; that he wrote and acted to live; that he was ignorant of schools of phil osophy, .but rich iri wbrldly 'experience, . keen observation, and a natural deep in sight into those thoughts that .breathe," and which he had the knack to express, in words that burn." Respecting Haintet, the most popular of Shakespeare's dramas in France; it has beeu represented without a ghost, as was Macbeth without' Banqup. Hamlet him ' self, has had for intepreter a.personage as Trarly as Falstaff., Hugo's son, Francoia Victor,' devoted his years' in exile' to translate Shakespeare, aal .perhaps h« , most succeed ed. The befit acting edition is that by Dumas p&re;, and PaoI lleurice, whose_ brother married . Hugo's. ; pet' daughter, the newly Wedded .pair being ! drowned together during th-nr honeymoon. The French thoroughly seize the complex ■ character of Hamlet—moiety real, moiety ideal and endowed with doubt and m dau . chnly. The drama, said Guizot, reveals ! the profound and intimate state of a great 1 soul, while being full of terrible and burlesque" fantasies. . Cliateaubrand cal led the play the / tragedy of the de mented ; a royal Bedlam, where every one is insane and criminal ; where simu lated encounters real luuacy ; where mad men counterfeit madman; where Death itself furbishes the seal! of a fool ; where one sees Oiiiy spectres, and hears only' dreams. Jealousy made. Voltaire, prefer Addi son's Goto, to Shakespeare's tragedies. It may be safely Affirmed that the latter are more^,IreqUehtiy. interpEetated on the FrahchtstSge than any of IjToltaire'a own pieces']/ And why? Because the English ■ jwet has paiated vhitmaaity; -jh*.u,|ll the jshades of passion that agitate orlfittr&ct; it, whethecif<Nr,gopd <pr. evil] Whatever has madefthe^lieart of _m^ in all time unfolds itself tthdCrquFoyOsia the most Each of his chafaCterisis^^',%ymb<>l pf A human passion. It fe, b^uM^^mlet :iii. most phtl osop^i^ahdl^.mpst'draiDatic, that its verjr/profhupdness pleaaesand stirs the mnl|;ithdV: Samlet iaho|^ewed, either as hesitation. He has a mission ofvettgeance which is confounded in his whole being. His life is exhausted by thiB^^ork, ,Jor it // throws him hack vioieutly. oh himself; 'makes him nota man,, buttheinstrument latW ACtomplisbed, or ' xhisaed,; tiusiustrumeat stops ^neceisses to Fortimbras, thedhah SF real dife and posi tive interests, themanof action in a word, who reaps the heritage of the snblime " maniac,' who succumbs ' even'under, the excess eyen of fidelity to d.nty. ( - *c Bach.' is the "Hamlet that Parisians ; always seewith .tkeir mind's eye, and: that M. Garnier has endeavored to por-! Iraf at the Porte iSaiot-Martiu Theatre, . - with Saaah Bernhardt as Ophelia. The \- playhftH been, arranged. by Messrs. Sam ^ son and Gressonnoi's. - It is in verse." All that can be mud of the new; translation is. ' that rtba J work has been' earnestly done, ■ wer imperfe^ons than-many t i^e in' a !?3Pn^whiJ&rSBsa;.-';: !^J^jG^^r1s.v._dicKon is ..., aninaudible whisper is,as sepulchral as -a erow's suffering from influenza. He * rentes where he ought, to act, And his declamation is jerky, Which study and practice would improve. ''Sarah Bernhardt \- ■ always desired to appeair as Ophelia, to please the English and Americans. She . even learned English tt> study the origi-. \- ssL She has been a complete success in .depicting that flower of innocence which lives and dies ih the 'midst of flowers. The parts of the ghost and Polonius were well filled,,.and the scenery charmingly., time to the eleventh century. Humanity has just had its gala day at the Academy of Sciences, to hear M. * PasteuPs report oh his i350 casesof pre ▼ehtive vaceinhtion ag^iii&.'hyA^lMMwa, treated aihce t&'hlo^ df ^ti&'cfeber^ He * divided Bis'total "in to threegroiipa. One I hundred, -persons 'were vaccinated sixty ! / .days.beyond (he period of 40 dhjrs, when j hydrophobia naturally folluws the dog bite. These he pronounces saved, and he has no reason to doubt also success for the jotbers. There was only one failure, that; Of a little girl, terribly worried by a mad dog, and brought to be treated 37 days, \ or three before the fatally-fixed date, after j fche^ iaocident. lt muBt be remembered j that all the 350 patients hare been cerfci ;fied: by veterinary surgeons as having been bitted by mad dogs. The eminent Professor. Yulpian bore testimony to Pas teur's perfect cure. Admiral de laGra :viriie thanked the famous scientist in the name of humanity, and the latter votes con. M. de Lessops wired from Colon his congratulations to Pasteur; and the Society of Authors, at their banquet the same evening, toasted Pasteur's health in Arbois wine, the product of his native place.. A lottery is to be organised to d&ct; an international "Pasteur hospital" for the treatment of patients bitten by maddogs, and further to allow the great physiologist • to- pursue his new experi ments for the prevention of consumption, epilepgy, and . mental derangement, and whichjUir^aay shadow tortn success. The treaty with Madagascar has been signed—indeed the deputies had only Hobson's choice. The debate took the curious tarn of an attack on the American and Etigliah tmS8ionarie8. One orator as serted it was perfide Albion negotiated the treaty* and hence it ought to be rejected. Perhaps she pulled the French out of the sjopgh fcs;inM3hina. Comte de Mun, the fcendJqjPlhl working man, but who not tWlessVotes to keep American grain and pork diit of France, wanted to know '* what was the nse of Madagascar when England now possesses Egypt and com mands the Suez and of the Red Seal" Madagascar is needed as a crutch for the colony . of Reunion, where.- since slavery was abolished ih 1848—it is said by French journals jo exist still in Senegal—the iliberated niggers refuse, to work for love or money. JThey form co-operative socie ties of idleness, as a handful of rice or manioc-and a second-hand piece of calico' suffices, for their- daily bread and annual toilet. The French Government has been oblige to annually vote grants for the " immigration of coolies" to till the land, while the country suffers from a plethora of idle, grinning niggers. The Malagasy's decline to emigrate as coolies; the revival of a slave trade is as impossible as the ex clusion of America, Germany, England, etc.. from the benefit of the most favored trading nation clause; and, excepting winding up a bad adventure, France has not. gained much in Madagascar. It was intended to conquer the island, and make it a new Jerusalem for the Socialists of the mother country. Let France not enter on a crusade against the Methodists, nor ruiu the Malagasys by heavy taxation, and by making colonists she may be able to make something out of her new '• poli tical protectorate." The Malagasys are not uufriendly to France, as a French writer- states the first question they ask, when boarding a French vessel is, " How - is M. Grwvl" . i Wore the following figures, prepared from the latest blue and yellow books, affixed to the lobby-walls of the Chamber of Deputies as' mural decorations they might assist in appeasing the hereditary suspicions entertained by Frenchmen that England is jealous of France becoming " great, glorious and free." The area of England and Franee 1b respectively 121,115 and 204.000 square miles; or, including their colonies, 9,000,000 and 971,000 square miles ; their home popula tions 37 and 38 millions respectively, or in the total. of their realms 316 and 64 millions. In the 26 millions which form the colonial population of France she has only half. a million of Frenchmen. The national debt of England is 740| millions sterling; of France, 940. The annual revenue expenditure of England* and France is, respectively, 81 and 133 mil lions sterling. The total of annual im ports and exports is—for England and her colonies, 1,076,000,000, and for France and her colonies 418 millions sterling. Moral : in round numbers Eugland has an empire mine times greater in area than France, a population five times superior, a national debt smaller by one-fifth, an annual home expenditure two-thirds less, and trading transactions times greater. The brpnlsion of the prince-pretenders Seems decided upon. They will Likely have to return to golden exile—Orleanists and Bonapartists alike. " Affliction's sons are ( brothers in distress." The comic journals ; represent these uncrowned citizens pack I ing up their trunks, and placing therein ; all the shibboleths of their parties and the busts of their ex-ruling representatives. It is uncertain what course the Cabi net will take or what may be the re ! suit of; tlie vote. lake other events, it ■ will be a nine days' wonder ; France will ■ have a score , less to count in her po : pulation, who, in any case, will not bring -the country away attached to the soles of. their • boots. ' The " Eagles" packed up 1 m a crate, and the " Gallic cocks," simi •larlyaccommodated,look very humorous. The Decazeville strike is becoming, very Serious. The miners and colliers on strike number 6,090. The Company, of which Leon Say is chairman, has resolved to close the mines rather than continue i their working at a. loss, which would be the consequence were the demands, of the l strike-agreed to. Then the Socialists have got a foo«- ,in the quarrel, and the. press ofa certain shade urges war to the .iknife against " infamous capital." Indeed the horizon is very black ; the un employed swarin everywhere, and work is difflcult' to obtain. It is a splendid time for the professors of anarchy—the whirl wind-harvest is certain to arrive. — Not long ago, a vegetarian published a pamphlet, demohstratiag how it was practicable to fare huuiptonsly„ every day on half^a-ffatic.. . Many persons would gladly; become his .disciples, if he only oocddltcU them, how first' to catch their hare, to obtain the half-franc—which aeems as difficult to seize, apparently, as, the three cows and an acre. After all, ?huanthropy u the beat business gojrgj. "here are six philanthropic soup kitchens ; inParis; they claim to make no profits, a xather snspicious circumstance in this age when, as Tennyson says, " only the ledgerli ves.1' A Paul Pry has examined the philanthropic book-keeping of an es tablishment which serves 2,800 repasts a day.. The meal consists of a quarter of a, pint of wine, sonp, bread, and mftat—all for eleven sous. Deducting expenses, and allojringt for interest on capital, wear -and tear of plant, salaries, raw materials,' &c.;, the profit on each repast, is a trac tion under two sous. The total daily ex penses for 2,800 square meals, is 196fr., the total receipts, 532fr., net profit, 336fr., daily or annually, 122,640fr., equal to the Salary off an English Cabinet Minister or the: income of 'half a dozen French bishops. - , Not any palpitating interest is felt in the Balkan game of hide-and-go-Beek. Opinion Wbiild muetifather see the re ceipts .of the trunk lines of France—a crucial . test of 'prosperity "augmenting instead of chronically declining. With the low interest on public funds, the ab sense of revenue from stagnate industries; with houses unlet and hence no revenue ; with the prices of the necessaries of life running op and but little money to fol low them, people 'naturally are in no mood to go into hysterics over the blast ing and counter- blasting of Servia, Greece,' ^etc. It iB nqt * bad time to grab terri tory ; Russia has improved the occasion by seizing. Penjdeh : the early bird gets the early worm. Her scientific frontiers are still unrounded. Turkey, the French swear, has sold Crete to England ; if so, it will hardly be presented to Greece like the Ionian Islands for a Christmas Box. la the expected, dismemberment of the sick man's estate Oandia becomes for Eng land a natural naval station to watch the Dardanelles' Some of the journals demand that General de Courcy, just returned from Tonkin, be tried as a " traitor." He wilfully disobeyed his instructions, by his invasion of Annam, in order to flash the maiden swords of his aides-de-camp; he let loose soldiers over the country, in order to get up a big war, and become glorious. The important journals holds him responsible for importing cholera into Tonkin, by his refusal to submit to quarantine. The best judges say the general has made Paul Bert's Mandarin olive-branch programme exceedingly diffi cult,as that necessitating a reduction of troops, may bring-about a rising of the natives. General Boulauger, the present War Minister, if allowed to remain, long enough in office, will make generals obey as well as privates. M. Renan, living in the Champs Ely sees, No. 89, is peculiarly fitted to write Dialogues of the Dead for the anniversary of Victor Hugo's birthday, in 1802. Th e Theatre Francais interpreted a bagatelle, written by Renan; time, 1802. His Ariel is one CamilHes (Mdlle. Reichem berg), who communicates between Earth and Eiysiam Fields, wherein wander Vol taire, Boileau, and Racine, etc. The The Manes are as eager for the " latest intelligence" from Paris as Athenians ; they are informed a great poet is about being born in Dijon. s<» the great de parted express their best wishes for the baby's poetical health, and send him slices of their own genius. Each artist filled the role of a great departeds who seemed engaged walking a thousand miles in a thousand hours. It was an elo quent nothing—and about as profitable as Renari's tete-a-tete between the different lobes of the brain. Monopolies are being knocked over like nine pins. The profession of lawyer and of auctioneer are close boronghB. This is to end ; they are going, going, gone. A green grocer's son will be hence forth as free to become a Rhodamauthus as a Hippocrates. A leading journal ridicules the English constitution for its compelling each new Prime Minister to find a ".mistress of the robes" for the queen. In Paris the first commissionn.ure would give the address of half-a-dozeu leading " dressmakers." I imagine, it adds, M. de Freycinet look ing after a milliner for Madame Grevy. A young woman at Civray posted on the residence of her seducer, who aban doned her, she would shoot him on a Cer tain day. She kept her word. 