FROFEOR PARKER'S RECITAL. Boor Ebonezcr .Scrooge! He had a rotHi lime of it in the Y.M.C.A.-lull on Fii- day evening, when Profou- Parker put )m onro again through liis menial lurtnres, ami n it was only a meagre audience it did not take much to make thorn shudder iu the presence o? those ghastly visitant. Hut it was astrikic" evidence of elocutionary power that wuruvil them with generous fervor as the story took more cheerful turn ami made that handful of hearers forget the empty chairs all around Unit and really fancy tlmmsuivus hy the side o: "Christmas Present," with the il >or li.MpJ high with poultry and miiieepics and Chri mas pudding and bowls of punch that tilled tho room with steam, tlimucli which tl could scarce distinguish their next tloor neighbor, i'rofessor Parker recited tim " Christmas Carol " a we have neve: heard it recited before, and certain)? under circumstances that would have jnstihcJ much feebler effort on his part. There was indeed a very poor attendance. Ft is the first instance, to our knowledge, of an attempt tc attract a crowd by the simple recitation 05 3 single story. Those who are m>t iu the habit of an hour's steady concentration of thought would naturally feel doubtful about the fasci nation of a few chapter from Oiiarko Dicker., delivered from a platform by a young and scholarly man in evening dress ; but that thj hundred who make a pretence of ste.tly int iccuiulity should light shv of what tiicy nri know would he a most, delightful purfnrma iniict have been not. n 1 li-heart i-niitg to I performer. Gould it he that the nuvoiiy of in: undertaking was in itself ;i can-'' of alarm: Wc confess that to nursciw.- the curio wiJi which wc looked forward to tbc evening positively enhanced the ple.vwe of tho entertainment. Too many uf 11 Uriuv, our notions of Shakespearean eharaetiT.s truai what is often oxceciiin'rly had acting, arid then when we come to study Shake. pi are tor Out solve we clothe thou in conventional garb au-J ileal them prate iu the extravagant tone- oi :»r : stage plaver. Willi the cjvatioaa uf Charl-J Dickens, however, it i widely ditlVrcnt. U are all familiar with Fcieogc and Mark. 1 GhoU; we have imagined the very key id wiiich the young iudy with thu lace tucker made thu famous goes at lb nephew'.- com.u- drum, and one would expeet that liiejc wa- a special inti rest in seeing how tar oar mvu im pressions conformed to those of others. Butiw! 'Fhc illiterate many L.ih.w the glare of gasii h and tinsel, ami of the lettered lew only a vin small proportion found their way on thisou.1- sioti into the large hall of the Ynu)gMtn> Christian Association. Of the performance it:«!f we can only say that it. was excell 'ut througbwu Professor Parker's ghost were indeed convi.i- lional ghosts, who spoke iu deep and chilly toa-. as though, which is naturally theea-c. the lin.w of their throat lrad long since v.om aiuy, who pointed with one linger a if MifleriUjj from rheumatism incidental to damp and un wholesome lodgings, and who above all had -a inconvenient way of making you ' creep all over " when Iheir eve were li-v d upon you. Ilh Bob Oratchitt. Cve fancied, was a little too worldiv ami altogether too " knowing :» car hut his women were all that such women wo.t.- be, and his Tiny Tim was inimitable. tU could almost fancy we saw him hoisted on us father's shoulder: heard him say "(lou Win you till !" watched his little brothers uu his sisters sniff the steaming (duiMniu pudding and stick '.heir fork into the biibbiiujj pan of potatoes; while our mouth' nluiosi wulored as Air. Oratciiitt plunged the kuk down to its hilt, in the goo-e that was Fluffed with sage and onions. Mr. Scrooge' nephew laugn had tlie genuine ring: Mr.Somog nephew's wife was the charming little we had always thought her, but best ot Ml Mr. Scrooge himself turned out the vcrr Scrooge who had so often in the past rctvardw us for renewing his acquaintance. "Tho Candidate" was repeated at the New Opera House on Saturday night, bolero a large and fashionable audience. Air. St.Matusiiif personation of the character of Lord Oluacre, evidencing as it duos an nmmmi of casr aw natural acting not ofteu seen, at once onptw lite syuipathv and admiration of tho audtetiee. It is matter for regret, that necessity demamh that the piece should be withdrawn ot w early date, for it is not every day that the »va- noy theatre-goer is provided with so ihorottgnij etijovable ami withal Idgh ela- s latertauuu' A new and revised edition of the "Divorce Case," a pbv which should prove a lining suc cessor to "The Candidate." is in active _pre|»n- lion. Special interest will attach itself to tun prod ttctiott insomuch as Air. Alfred Alaltliy, 10 12 years a pttucinu) comedian with Mr. ham, will commence a lengthy engagement \vim the enterprising " firm" opening on this uccaiot The coined v is said to be farcical comedy au wildly funny, but in a wholesome, uonwj fashion the taint that may have pci varied » original having been wholly removed by Alcasn. Albert aud St. .Uaur. , „ liir The Academy of Afusic was filled on day night, when a change of programme wa given. Several fresh ballads were introduced in tlie first part, which concluded with a tatig aide sketch called " Oxygon Company.' MmsB. Kocnau and Aloynhnm appm red a "J " Disgusted Lovers," in winch they m with a butter reception than such I'Wl ' usually receive. The Knynor Bro Hit repeated their music and mirth eatcrtiunmci i Mr. All" Liwtou Krevu n <m »»»' Buying, mill the eiili.'rtreiiinu.'iit wus c<«ir lu; Willi a furuu ilmml.ui! us <; n Mroly neiv, !«"- nnil aquatic," usiiiluil " fun in t' fuK- ,, Cottiers' Concert timl 111.; Allnoiilm) ..lit Inill were cticli liberally piili'oni.su.l on SattirtV niljlit. A repetition of programme «'tt given til cticli place tn-niglit. I (err Huinrich Kiililer, tlie eminent C.erntw pittnisl ami professor of music tit l'"j. ,, (0 Academy, who is on a visit tu A nst itilt:'. t give the first of four pianoforte retitiitiK3 m Y.M.C.A.-lmll on Wcliietoltiy ovoninK The proemiiinio includes selections from III iven, Weber, Sclniliert, l.is/.l, < Mioplii," :lb ,' ' NiccJc, .Meyer, (iric- ami Mcii.l. issulin. b" Kiuler is to give hi recital under the patro o ami ill presence of i.onl timl l. oly I , A good house tie'si n assembled at llicl ri ' Theatre on .Sutiirdnv evening to wstne.® performance of liu-o's Buffalo Minstrels. " iiiaiiiiger of this company, who durum eight weeks' stay have established .heslvei 111 the public favor, announces that, o»i previous tuniiieeiiiciits, the reason » Princess mart close ou Wednesday ' Extra preparation lias been made in In" lug's prograniinu ou -100011111 ol Miss If- Verne, a prominent, member »f the ' - j Inking a benefit. Tlie pinn'tamme for following nights is also special. 