]AYING OF TIHE CORNER-STONES OF TIlE PRIMITIVE METHO DIST CIHURCH. STOCKTON. Fon some time past the Primitive Me thodists have been holding Sunday ser vices in the Temperance Hall, Stock ton, and such has been the attendance at and success of these services that at a meeting of the friends and sympa thisers of the connetion it was unani mously decided to lease an eligible site of land, and raise funds to erect a church. The site has been obtaiued, and on Saturday last the corner stones of the proposed edifice were laid. A largo number of persons assembled at the appointed time. The proceedings were conducted by the irev. J. A. Foggon, assisted by the Revs. J, W. Leadley and E. H. Pritchard. The first stone was laid by Mrs. Foggon, who declared it well and truly laid in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost; and the second, by Mr. Evans, manager of the Stockton colliery. Mr. Evans, in a few appropriate remarks, expressed the deep sympathy he felt in the advance. ment of the Kingdom of Christ ; the pleasure it afforded him to perform so pleasing a duty, and wished the Stock ton Primitive Methodist Church every success. Tihe Rev. J. O. Foggon gave statistics of the connection in Eng land and the colonies, and a summary of the work being accomplished in this district. After the ceremony an adjournment was made to the Tem perance Hall, where an ample repast had been provided by the ladies of the congregation. Nearly 400 persons sat down to tea, a number far exceeding the most sanguine expectations of the friends. At 7 30 a publio meeting was held. Every seat was occupied by an enthusiastic and interested audi. once. Mr. R. Hall took the chair, and did much by his pithy and humo rous remarks to keep up the interest of the meeting. In the absence of the secretary of the building committee (Mr. J. Gregory) the Rev. J. VW. Leadley was called upon to read the report. The report, which was very encouraging to the promoters, showed that up to that time £89 had been sub scribed in donations and promises. The probable cost of the building when completed will be £350 or £400. Effective speeches bearing upon church work in general, and the work com menced at Stockton in particular, were given by the Revs. J. A. Foggon, J. W. Leadley, E. H. Pritchard, and iMessrs. T. Hetheriugton, T. Allsopp, and J. Pearce. The choir, to whom great praise is due, considering the short time they have had for practice, enlivened the meeting by choice selec tions, under the leadership of Mr. Owen. Mrs. W. Turner presided at the organ. Votes of thanks were ac corded to the ladies for presiding at the tea, to the choir, and to the chair man. The proposed church is to be a substantial weatherboard structure, 26 x 40, internal measurement. It will be provided with a handsome porch, gothic windows, and sitting accommo dation for 200. 