OUR AMERICAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] New York, May 1. The strikes, existing and to come, and the doings ot the strikers, are still the great topic of newspaper and social dis-<*> course. Fresh trouble breaks out con- stantly in new places, and it is perfectly plain that a radical remedy of some kindl -must be discovered and supplied. On both sides the feeling is getting danger ously bitter. Outrages upon men wlw take the places of strikers—" scabs," as they are called—are very frequent; no day runs by without many of them being reported, and in not a few, the injuries are fatal or result in permanent mainraig or disfigurement. Here, in New York, tfeer horse-car strike, which ended in a victory for the men six weeks ago, has broken out; again on the line Jxa versing the principal thoroughfare—Third-avenue—in a new and desperate phase. The men, confident that there was no bound to their power, demanded of the company the discharge of seven non-union men who persis tently refused to join the " Empire Pro tection Union." The company peremp torily refused, and appealed to the public, for sympathy and forbearance. Suspecting that the other companies were secretly supporting the Third-avenue, the strikers ordered a general "tie up" on all the other roads but two (whose management employ only union men in all depart ments), and for a day the city was left without any means of public transporta tion except the elevated railroad. The managers of the other companies loudly protested their innocence, and after a debate running over seven hoots the labor leaders decided to order a return to work en all but the Third-avenue. Hera the strike has continued for 16 days, the managers and the strikers each nmlrintr desperate efforts to win. The company lose about 5,000 dollars a day, and the strikers can get along with 10,000 dollars a week, which has so far been furnished by the men at work on the other car lines and the general unions affiliated with the Central Labor Union. The company have long since given up in. despair the attempt to hire drivers or conductors in New York City, and are now endeavoring to import men from, other cities. It is slow work, however, for so far only about 70 men have been secured out of a necessary 309. No cars can be run at night, for that would certainly result in a riot, and in the day time each car bad to be constantly at tended by two policemen, while platoons of police are posted at points along the route, with large waggons in readiness to take them to any spot where disorder may break out. The new men have to be lodged and fed in the company's depot, and dare not venture a dozen steps from the door. As Koko says in the Mikado— "Here's a pretty how d'ye do" for a civilised city, but it is hard to see what can be done about it. On one occasion, in broad daylight, the strikers attacked a car as it ?was passing a convenient pile of brick, dragged the driver and conductor from the platforms and beat them almost to death, and were only with difficulty over powered by the police. Hub, however, was a folly which the strikers are careful not to repeat, contenting themselves with, "picketing" the avenue, and keeping strict watch upon any storekeeper who knowingly shall lend aid and comfort in any way to die enemy. The Herald prints a list of unions numbering 122,500 per sons, who pledge themselves, until the company take back the strikers in a body, to boycott the line by not riding over it. The well-to-do public are eager to have the aid of the militia invoked, but until the strikers start a general riot tins is of course out of the question. One wonderful fact to be noted is the remarkable fidelity of the men to each other—either from fear or from en thusiasm. So far only one man out of 993 has left the strikers, although the com pany would gladly have given a bonus of 100 dollars each to any penitent mal contents. On the other hand, the new men hived by the company rarely stafr more than a few days. One interview with the strikers' pickets is usually enough to convince them that a further sojourn in this city is neither healthy nor lucrative, and they take a few dollars from the strikers to buy a railroad ticket home. Meanwhile a great struggle in which the people of the entire country have come to take great interest is being waged over a couple of small bakeries, both kept by women, Mrs. Gray and Mrs. Landgraf. Both have refused to employ union bakers, and both have been boycotted. Pickets from the union were stationed in front of each store, and such customers as also kept stores were told that unless they bought their bread in less obnoxious quarters they would be placed under tile ban too. Friends took up Mrs. Gray's case, and she became a popular heroine in a day. She represented a principle that people felt very strongly about—the right to make a living without interference. Hundreds of dollars were poured in upon her as free gifts; hundreds more were, sent to be expended in bread for public charities; and people by the score front all parts of the city sent orders for bread and pie, and cake, such orders to be con tinued until the boycotters let her alone. Sirs. Gray, therefore, is rather better off than before. Mrs. Landgraf for a while received the same assistance, but her store was in the German quarter of the city, and a visit there for any purpose was attended by unpleasant incidents, such as hooting and yelling, whenever the policemen on guard hap pened not to be looking. She has, there fore, been ruined, in spite of some hun dreds of dollars sent her by sympathetic friends, and she can only make things right again with the union by paying a fine of some 400 or 500 dollars, levied upon her for her contumacy, and this she can not do. Such fines are now a very common incident in the conduct of a large business, the employer often incurr ing the penalty by inadvertence rather than intent. Theiss, the beer-garden man in Fourteenth-street, paid 1,000 dollars last week in this way to the Musicians' Union. Of course the authorities are not allowing all these things to take place without taking any notice of them. They have hunted through the penal code to find out under what head boycotting can be construed to come, and have at last discovered that it is a " conspiracy to harass, annoy, and intimidate" peaceable citizens. Consequently the grand jury have in hot haste indicted some 70 persons for boycotting, and the leaders of the car strike to boot. Bail was promptly fur nished in all these cases, not one of the men being allowed to remain in gaol. O'DonneU, the head and front of the car. men, produced a responsible bondsman, and at the same time defiantly flaunted a roll of bills—at least 3,000 or 4,000 dollars —to show that at any rate in case of need he could bail himself. Convictions in these cases are hardly hopedf or, though the class from which the jury is drawn is ona from which, as a body, such gentry will receive little mercy. The loopholes of escape, however, are many, and the law itself applies only by straining it violently. The Legislature ought at once to give us a new statute, but they are too much afraid of the voting strength of the labor people to do anything of the kind. The carmen alone number 14,000 votes—no mean per centage of the total 200,000 in New Tork city—and Hiair sympathisers easily, bring the total up to 75,000—perhaps more. Such are our local troubles. In almost every part of the country the same events are transpiring. Chicago has just caught the fever in a worse form even than it exists here, for the men have concen trated their strength on the eight hours' agitation, and threaten a general relapse into idleness of everybody unless the working day is at once reduced from ten to .eight hours. It is only fair to add, however, that nearly all the trades only ask, tor eight hours' pay ; for the. present they axe willing to take 20 per cent, less pay for Ac sake of principle. Thia seems an innocent propagation, but the men have no notion that the reduction ?will be permanent. Their theory is that a reduction in the hours will necessi tate the employment of all idle artisans, and as soon aa these are brought into the union and thoroughly drilled in the new doctrines, the trade will have to pay the highest price for wages that it can bear. The south-western strike has been going very badly for the men, but they are receiving contributions from all over the union, and do not yet despair of success, although the railroadshave temporarily disposed of their accumulations of freight. Men on the Lake Shore Btruck and at once gained their point, and the Union Pacific have gracefully yielded without a struggle. To emphasise the importance of these matters, which in sober earnest are ap proaching the proportions of an unmanag able revolution, President Cleveland has addressed a special message on the subject to Congress. He expresses great sym pathy for labor, and imputes the discon tent to what he apparently endorses as a fact—the constantly decreasing share pro portionately to the total amount of wealth produced of the primary producers. Capital takes out each year a bigger and bigger slice of the grand total, and the improvements in the economy of produc tion scarcely do more than keep the con dition of the laborer stationary. The President advises a thorough and search ing investigation of the existing conditions of production and distribution, and sug gests as a substitute for strikes the establishment of courts of arbitration to deal exclusively with this kind of diffi culty, under the auspices of the Federal Government. This last proposal has of course brought down upon his head the fiercest denunciations of his own party, and, as a Democrat, he deserves them, for there could hardly be greater treason to its principles than to propose an extension in any way of the powers and duties of the Central Govern ment. To the abuse of the politician and the party organs, however, he turns an absolutely deaf ear, and placidly keeps on his course, with apparently no thought of the future. Such a bearing brings him support at any rate from the masses, and even from those who differ from him in opinion, for they like to know exactly where those in authority stand, even though this simply shows them to be antagonists. Besides, Mr. Cleveland, unless the gossips are all at fault, is going to be married this summer to a Miss Folsom, of his own city of Buffalo, and this ought to make his view of life so pleasant and agreeable as to lift him above the petty malice of professional statesmen. As to the final issue of these labor troubles, the wisest man is he who makes no prediction whatever. In America, questions spring suddenly up into extra ordinary importance, and again disappear -with similar facility. Such was the story of tiie anti-Masonic excitement some 50 yean ago, which for a brief period raged with great violence, dividing families and Bevering long friendships, and carrying up to the top of the wave of political favor an entirely new set of men. The temperance crusade is now in the south and west behaving in a somewhat similar manner. But the probability is that these social questions have come to stay, and that they will be handled with sublime diare gardffor vested interests. One thing is pretty certain—there is no indication anywhere that there is to be any attempt to establish the socialist doctrine of com munity of property. Most of the discon tented men have property of their own, and they are striking now for the chance to get more. The savings banks of this State alone hold 450,000,000 dollars of deposits—nearly half of our national debt —and these belong nearly exclusively to the losrer strata of the community. Herr Most, who now prints and edits the FreUwit in New York, is being sought for by, the police for having clearly brought himself within the law, by making a speech in which he brandished a rifle, and told the people that that was what they must now use against their oppressors. Everybody, even the strikers, want m'? to be caught and put into perpetual imprisonment as a crank. Whatever may come to pass, it will be of a very different complexion from anything that would approve itself to die lurid imagination of the anarchist. Business has been disturbed to some extent by this agitation, but by no means to the extent that might have been antici pated. Stocks have fallen a few per cent., but there has been nothing approaching a panic, or even a disposition to sell at a reasonable concession. Real estate is stronger than ever, and the banks are glad to discount good two-name paper at from 3 to 4 per cent Gold has again begun to flow away to Europe, owing to the needs of the French banks, but not in any dangerous or distressing volume. The export trade is very bad, owing to the low price of the great staples, but the movement of our domestic commerce shows no diminution in volume. If the strikes could only be struck out the situation would be at once extraordinarily promising. The expected squabbles between the fishermen and Canadian Government have at last begun to break out. A cruiser named the Lansdowne is arresting fisher men who venture within the three-mile line, but on this side of the bonier there is so far a positive refusal to get excited. Even the fenians look upon it as hopeless to attempt to get up a ca- tus belli on any such petty dispute as has yet presented itself. The moment the local excitement gets dangerous, the governments at Washington and London will speedily arrange some sort of a nvod>is viveudi. The prospects of an abolition of the duty on wool have become suddenly very bright. The interests of the wool growers and the wool manufacturers are no longer identical. The latter have built up a business that can now only find extension in foreign trade, and with free wool they believe they would have little diffi culty in competing successfully in certain markets. They have made such strong representations to Congress on the subject that the committee on ways and means have, by a vote of 8 to 5, resolved to re port a repeal of this particular duty. Political interest happens also for the moment to concur in this direction. This is a Democratic Congress, and wool is chiefly grown in Republican States. But of course the very same reason wQI, with the Senate, operate against thepassage of this clause in, the Tariff BilL II is, there fore, most probable that the- whole matter will be laid over until next year, by which time the real merits of the con troversy can be sifted out from mere political considerations. In time the in terests of the manufacturers wQI certainly assert themselves as paramount. How great those interests are is seen by the fact stated in Mr. Carnegie's new book on ".Triumphant Democracy" that within a radius of 20 miles from Philadelphia more yards of carpet are made than in all the carpet mills of Great Britain. The discoveries constantly made of new remains increase our wonder at the lost history of the continent. A new series of mounds have just been found away to the north running from the Mississipi system to Lake Winnipeg. Very interesting remains were taken from them, including human and animal bones and skulk, ornaments of shell, bone, and atone, and Implements of stone and pottery. A group of mounds at St. Andrews, Manitoba, is almost identical with one class of those on the Ohio and MutissipL One of these was 8 feet high, 75 feet long, and 65 feet wide. A trench was sunk from the apex to the b??e of one side of the centre. Beneath ay layer of decaying vegetable matter was found patches of ashes and charcoal bar- j dened so that a pick was necessary in places to loosen them. Below this came a layer oi oak timber, immediately be neath which were the remains of a human being in a sitting position. On the level of the natural surface of the ground, a platform of round boulder stones was found beneath a smooth burnt clay floor. Near this the skeleton of a man, also in a sitting position, was disclosed, surrounded by several piles or bundles of bones, each surmounted with a skulL About the posi tion of the skeleton's breast there was a polished sea shell gorget, four inches in diameter, with a circular hole in the centre half an inch wide, and two small holes in the rim showing a furrow or groove worn into the shell by the friction of a cord or thong. Like the skull the gorget is stained with a mineral paint or red color. Two well finished tubes of steatite, each hollowed out, having a raised rim at one end, were taken from about the waist. The tubes show that they were finished inside by cutting, as the etriic left by the tools may be seen. A tiny earthen pot came from the side of the skeleton, but it crumbled to pieces when taken from the earth. It appeared to have been filled with red ochre, as it was stained red and there was a crusted deposit inside. Many shells were found in other parts of the mound, some of which had evidently been used as spoons, together with a great many speci mens of pottery, arrow heads, scrapers, hammering stones, and stone axes. The most curious point in these discoveries is that they plainly show that this forgotten race traded with the tribes on the Atlantic coast, since no other explanation of the sea shells can be suggested as possible. But we cannot help marvelling what manner of men these people were. They were certainly an altogether distinct race from any of the Indians whom, in his toric times, we have had the opportunity of meeting. In the west we have had another terrible cyclone. A little town in Minnesota named St. Cloud was, after less than five minutes' notice, assailed by the wind, and before even the wayfarers on the street could escape to the nearest cellars, they were picked up and dashed against the buildings or carried through the air hundreds of feet and dropped with broken ribs and stripped of their clothing on the ground. Many buildings were torn from their founda tions and tumbled into a shapeless wreck, some of their fragments being carried 15 and 20 miles. Planks were borne for miles and driven into the hard prairie to the depth of a foot or more into the ground. About GO lives were lost, and several hundred families rendered home less. It is perhaps worth while to repeat what perhaps I have stated in previous letters—that this ruin and loss of life are due to the neglect of the people to pre serve such woodland as nature gave them, and to increase its area with the least possible delay. Slowly but surely they are being taught by experience, but each month of neglect means loss of life and property. Even in the eastern states tree-planting has become a recognised duty, and the day beforeyesterday the state of Massachusetts for the first time cele brated as a general holiday " Arbor Day." Even crime now and then breaks out in an original form. A Connecticut man who had settled in a western town and speedily grew rich, lost his young wife, and engaged a special car to bring the body for burial to her home in the east. The dead woman was robed in her wed ding dress, and adorned with several thousand dollars' worth of diamonds. Through the glass plate of the coffin the train hands could see the jewels. Near Sandusky this car was found to be on fire, and had to be hurriedly left behind. "When the bereaved husband found the charred remains of his wife the diamonds were missing, and the detectives soon dis covered that the train men had stolen the jewels, and to conceal the theft had set fire to the car. This has certainly the air of a novelty in pilfering. Lent over, the theatres suffer again from competition with private entertain ments and balls, but are fairly prosperous. The eternal "Mikado" has left its old quarters, and with a newly-organised company and altogether new mount ing has reappeared in the vast auditorium of the Metropolitan Opera House. The theatre is crowded every night, although of course, the points of the dialogue are necessarily only imper fectly heard. At the other opera house Salviniand Booth are together playing "Othello,"eachtakingadi£Eerentpart each night, Salvini's role last night being the somewhat unpromising one of the Ghost. He made a great deal out of it, however. Messrs. Bobson & Crane are playing the " Comedy of Errors" at the Grand Opera House; " Nancy & Co." atfll holds the boards at Daly's to crowded houses, and a new burlesque, "The Little Tycoon"— a work of native manufacture—has achieved fair success. 