A Yankee's First Impressions of a London Hotel. Mr. Tompkins is a typical American, who has been in the habit of living at the best hotels, and rolling in all the luxuries of American invention. After I had seen my luggage disposed of, on the night of my arrival (at a cost of fifty cents between porter and chambermaid), I went down to Mr. Tompkins's rooms. I found him sitting in the middle of the apartment, gazing, with fury stamped on every feature, at a list of the rules and regu- lations pinned upon the wall. Nine candles were burning on the mantle. " This is a nice place, ain't it?" asked Mr. Tompkins, as I came in. "Oh, yes. Europe takes the bakery-especially London. Smells like a smoke-house, and blacks your fingers every time you touch anything. How do you 'spose I got to this room ? Went up one flight of stairs, along a thundering crooked hall- way, and down two more flights. No other way to get here. Ingenious folks, these. Add a new wing to their house, and instead of cutting a door through on the ground floor, they go upstairs to do it. You ought to see my chamber-maid. I thought they were good-looking girls. This one is the most exasperating old crate you ever saw. What's worse, she winks at me in a horrible way. She brought me in here and set one poor, solitary, weary-looking candle down on the mantle. I asked her where the gas was, and she looked at me as though I had hurt her feelings. Then she told me they didn't have gas in the house. So I had to make her haul in a lot of candles. You might as well try to see by the light of a glass diamond as one of those things. She evidently thought I had gone clean daft when I asked for the additional candles. I got 'em, though, and kept getting 'em, till it was light enough to see across the room. Look at that washstand ! Not a ghost of running water anywhere about it. Just see that bed ! Why, I would not ask a Chinaman to sleep on that." Mr. Tompkins was obviously irritated. I cannot give the rest of his remarks. They were picturesque, but not polite. The bed he referred to was a brass affair, and looked very slouchy. The top of it resembled a mound of earth covered with snow, and -gradually sloping from the head to the foot of the brass frame. It had no springs, and was as inflexible as a hay-wagon. I asked Mr. Tompkins what he had to pay for all this luxury, and he broke out again : " Eight and six a day, so thiB card says. That's 2dols. 12c. . . . Just iead these rules and regulations. . They are pretty. They ought to be stiufed, or pickled, or something. * Accounts are presented weekly for payment, except in special cases, when they will be presented daily.' I 'spose the ' special case' is when a man hasn't more than 1000 dollars in his outstretched hand, and that the girl downstairs thinks a week's board here will bankrupt him. See here : ' Visitors occupying private apartments, intending to leave the hotel, must give notice not later than 2 p.m., otherwise they will be charged for the following day.' Why don't they charge you for a month, and be done with it ? Oh, these people are modest, and cheap, and simple. I like 'em. * Smoking permitted in the smoking-room only, and visitors are requested to assist the manager in carrying out this regulation.' Have a cigar ? I'm going to get even with this ranch somehow. Hanged if I don't smoke till the place is blue ;" And as Mr. Tomkins fell to work, he muttered a series of comments upon England and English hotels.; those some comments being of the mo3t gaudy and exhaustive kind. After a while Mr. Tomkins became calmer. " There's an Ameri- can bar up here somewhere," he said. " Let's go and see it. My eyes ache for something American, and I don't care what it is. I would give 40 dollars for the scent of a New York street car." 