NOTES ON NEWS. By Asmodeus Bang the Kerosene tin with its load of road metal. Sling in the merriment of Cochrane's old shipyard. Let the Rev. Mr. Fox rejoice and curse the punts in Christian blasphemy, Neil Matterson is the champion of England, that is to say that he happened to pro pel a 25 feet shell faster than another gambler on the Thames. This young man was never known to do anything to promote the interests of the districts in Avliiclilie has lived. He is a magnificent specimen of Aurility but possessed a brain that would disgrace a chicken. Trained like a horse without a will of liis own this man, instigated by publicans and bookmakers throws the grandeur of his magnificent life away to gratify the cupid ity of soulless wretches and to receive a moment's applause. I am sorry that Neil Matterson Avas born on tlie Ma cleay . It would have been a lot of money in the pockets of the inhabi tants of the Macleay if he had never been born at all. However, liis father and mother considered that he should see the light — and on this discoloured Thameshe saAvnot onlylightbutleading. Neil Matterson was born at Mr. Coch rane's shipyard, alongside the old Wes leyan Parsonage, and the first thing he remarked on being chucked into the river was, " I'll be champion scul ler of England." He happened to be sober then, for there Avas no liquor hanging around, and the quantity of saltwater he swalloAved was enough to strychnine a drunken Chinaman. However, Neil, old man, I congratulate you, and in the words of Rip Van Winkle, Here's your goood health, Your family's good health, May you live long and prosper. I once was the editor and manager of a country newspaper, the proprietress of which Avhen the "ghost Avalked" drenched us in tears. She alluded to the fact that she was a lone AvidoAV and that even in Sodom and Gomorrah no man would have the audacity to claim his aa7eekly screw. Thereupon she got outside of a bottle of gin and cursed her Church for not supporting her as well as she considered she should be. She threatened -to change her religion unless the faithful " antied up." After a long spell in Sydney "the only lady in Kempsey" returned and kept in almost convent seclusion. Such is life. . And such is letters of adminis tration for £1900. There is no flock hoAvever Avatched and tended, But one dead lamb is there. There is no fireside liows'oer defended, But has one vacant chair. Such was the remark made by an iconoclast at the meeting of the Borough Council on Wednesday night when it -was found that Mr. Kerrigan was absent from his aldermanic post. Surmises Avere indulged in regarding his unexpected disappearance from the Municipal scene, but conjecture was at fault. Mr. H. P. Macklin may attribute his position of Council Clerk to the absence of alderman Kerrigan ; Avhile Mr. McKiimon has occupied his attention since the meeting in hiA'ent- ing neAV forms of blasphemy to solace his Avoimded feelings for the loss of the appointment Avhich he considered a " moral. " The ratepayers are now wondering who would have been Mayor had alderman Kerrigan not delayed his departure for the " big smoke. " Hoav- ever one ninth of the Borough Coun cil has already disappeared. 