now a jMoii-Wlio had Cheated Him Cnino Back After Ucntli to Apologize. Uiinniton'ii, iVriw, —Puck. s ? ' " I never po much on ghost stories,'' l>?gnn Contractor Van Dyke at. tbo Clinton House the other evening. The old gentleman had been listening with more ov lciss attention to ft i-ories of fables being told by the guests ot thehotol. "Well, I don't know," the old. contractor replied, "My experience in that direction has been somcwhnt remnrknblo. 1 don't sup peso you will believe mc, but (he story J will tell you is true. I <;nn produce ;i living wit ness to it, and I will at nny time make alVt davit to its accuracy. Two years ago I w<i? building tv piece of railroad down in the east ern part of this State. Among the people, who furnished mc tics was an old trader in whom I had little or no confidence. As the I bills for the ties came in 1 paid them promptly and took receipts from every man. I knew to the tic the number used. After my contract was completed the old trader sued mo for the prico of fifty ties. The case wai tried, and I was compelled to pay the money. Thn old man had sworn to his bill, and little or no defence could be made. When I paid the money I warned thu old fel low. I told him he had perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhappy ending. About six month* ago I was awakened nt one o'clock in the morning by this same old trader. It was dark in my room. Just as plainly as 1 can see you now he was there in life. He wakened nm by calling my name. My partner was in bed in the (=atne room just a few feet from mc. I called him and told him of the visitor's presence. He said he could not sec him and laughed at mc. He toid mo I was dreaming, and suggested that 1 go to sleep. While wo were talking the old trader called mc by name. Ho said he had been mistaken about the ties, and olTercd to return mc the money. The vision then vanished. My partner talked with mc of the matter before wo went to sleep again. The next morning he told the story on mc as a joke, but while we were at breakfast the news reached us of the old trader's death. Ho had died within ten minutes of the time of his visit to mc. I have no idea how many moro calls of the same character he had to make, but I am satisfied hi* visit to mc was the lost one. That story is true as holy writ, the old man concluded. A distressing silouco followed its telling nnd the party broko up before nil recovered. Father (irascibly)—" Who's got my boot jack I" Uora (smiling archly—" Tho cat." —Puck. 