NOTES OF THE FIELD-DAY. I By One of Them.1 Ordered to inarch down the Fort-road to protect the artillery; bust the Fort- road and blow the artillery. Passed Halfway House, dust lining my throat an inch thick; would give my birth right for a shandygaff; nary shandy; walk past as if the pub was a mission- house. Another pub; will the Captain order a halt '; Not the .ghost of a halt; dust in my throat two inches* thiok. Can understand Esan selling his birthright for a mess of pottage; would have done it myself and thrown in something to boot. Five traps passed, but for this confounded uniform might have got a lift. General! General! what have you to answer for 2 Five more weary miles; Fort train in Bight; only threepence a ride; can't do it if it was for nothing; this comes of joining the L.M.F. Feet are like raw beefsteak; can't I take my boots off; nary take; againBt the regulations; bang the regulations and bust the General. Another pnb'! Oh, Lor! and look at those loafers in the bar guzzling butchers of beer while we, the defenders of their hearthB and homes, havn't so mnch as a heeltap. Is the captain going to halt ? Not a bit of it; he's taking a pull at his flask in the saddle. Another milepoBt behind us, thank good ness. What's that 2 a hay-cart 2 Oh 1 if I could only sit on the top of it, and have my boots and socks off for five minutes. Lor ! the Soudan was a fool to this. "Tramp, tramp, tramp, the boys are marching" {and perspiring), larding the lean earth bo to speak, and it wants it. Heavy load to carry this; confound the General; why doeB he not sent our rifleB and ammunition down by train if he wants ns to walk ? What's the use of carrying a rifle and blank ammunition anyway 2 Here's the Bcene of battle—sand, nothing but sand. Now what on earth does he want us to skirmish over sand for 2 Why not let us stick to the road 2 (Next Day.) Yesterday was a caulker; make it a fine excuse not to go to work; worn out in fighting my country's battles (not bofctlea); feel like a martyr and a patriot rolled in one. Good line that; remember it next year. " The General expects every man to wear hie b00t8 out," 