GENERAL NEWS. At a general meeting of subscribers to the Woodvifle Institute held on Monday evening the Hons. Dr. Campbell and D. Murray, and Mr. D. Bower, M.P., were nominated to the Public Library Board for the ensuing term, A meeting of the members of the Field Naturalists' section of the Royal Society will be held this evening. Some members of the society have gone out on a trawling expedition to-day in order to procure fresh specimens for exhibition at the meeting this evening. A combined meeting representing the Lite rary Societies of Parkside, Unley, Glen Osmond, and Goodwood took place at Park side on Monday evening. Mr. E. S. Hughes presided over a large attendance, and a suc cessful programme was carried out by the Misses Dowes and F. S. Lewin, and Messrs. Manger, G. Shaw, Carr, S. Impetfc, Annells, A, Hendry, and W. H, Bennett. The K.M.S. Tasmania reached Albany last night, and may therefore be expected at Glenelg during Friday morning. The exodus of persons from Port Adelaide by sea during the week that ended Saturday, October lfi, exceeded the influx by 67. The departures numbered 320, of whom 298 em barked for Melbourne, 15 for New South Wales, 4 for Marseilles, and 3 for Mauritius. Of the 253 arrivals 176 came from Melbourne, 67 from Albany, and 10 from London. We observe that the Australasian Banking and Insurance Record reprints the whole of the speech of the Hon, J. W. Downer, delivered in the House of Assembly on September 22, on the proposition to establish a national bank of issue. It says:—" This speech is undoubtedly the ablest Parliamentary deliverance on a very important subject that has ever been delivered in the colonies. Its facts are indisputable and well arranged, its arguments unanswerable," Four of the South Australian delegates to the General Synod of the Anglican Church of Australia and Tasmania left by the steamer Adelaide en route for Sydney on Saturday, They were Bishop Kennion and the Revs. B. 0\. Stephenson (bishop's chaplain), F. S. Poole, and F. T. Whitington. Archdeacon Farr and Canon Howell proceed overland to-day, and in the course of a day or two the remainder will start. The synod meets in Sydney on Tues day next, A fatal accident occurred under very dis tressing circumstances on Monday evening in a small street off Gilbert-street. _ Frederick Harrison, a drayman, was engaged in removing furniture, and had with him his son, Walter Edward, aged two years. He was walkingby the side of the dray, carrying the child in his arms with the intention of placing it in the vehicle, and he was just lifting it up when he missed his footing and stumbled. In recovering himself he accidentally let the child fall, with the result that it received such injuries to the head that it died almost immediately. Dr. , Robertson was called in, the city coroiier was informed, and an inquest will be held. A largely attended meeting of the Austral asian Institution of Marine Engineers, Port Adelaide district, was held at the Railway Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday. evening, under the presidency of Mr. J. Monkhouae, at which an interesting paper on "The action of the slide valve as employed on steam-engines in general" was read by Mr. Hugh A, Gar land. The subject was entered deeply into, and the great benefits to be obtained from the true adjustment of slide valves on engines were carefully explained. A discussion followed the readiug of the essay, which had. been attentively listened to throughout. Mr. Gar laud was accorded a hearty vote of thanks, A meeting of the South Australian branch of the Federated Seamen's Union was held in the Trades' and Friendly Societies' room, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening. Mr.. H. J. Pudney (president) occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance of members. The secretary (Mr. F. J. Morris) reported that in accordance with instructions he had had cir culars printed with reference to the formation of a Maritime Labor Council at Port Adelaide, and copies had been sent to the Working Men's Association, Coasting Seamen's Union, Stewards' and Cooks' Union, Licensed Carters' Association, and the Shipwrights' Union, The circular was worded as follows: —"I have been instructed by my society to request the co-operation of your association to establish a maritime labor council in Port Adelaide. Victoria and New South Wales have already formed such councils, and I am informed that Queensland also has or is about to form one. The advantages from such an organisation would be many, and only need to be known to recommend themselves. The object of such a council is to form a deliberative and representative body possessed of a special knowledge of the matters coming under its cognisance, and which by combining the whole of our power we shall be enabled more effectually to carry to a successful issue any reasonable reforms we shall deem necessary. There are many signs of a struggle between capital and labor, particularly in the shipping industry, and there is no better y of keeping things going peacefully than by being well prepared for war. My society requests me particularly to point out the great advantage of uniting the whole of our forces, and although some may remark that having always been able to hold our own in the past, there is no reason to make altera tions, still I may be pardoned for pointing out that in the past" we have not had any combined resistance to contend with. Such, however will not be the case in the future, for we have seen already in Victoria two combined efforts to drive the wage-earners to the wall, as one of the employers said at one of their meetings. The council will be in expensive in character, as after it is once formed on a sound basis it will not require to meet oftener than once a month, excepting in troublesome times, I should consider that one or at the most two delegates from each society will be sufficient to form the council, but all matters of detail may be left for the consideration of the first delegates. I shall be obliged if you will let me know at your earliest convenience if your society is favorable, and if so what method of starting will be the best." A meeting of the Adelaide School Board of Advice was held at the Training College, Grote-street, on Monday evening. There were present: — Messrs, J. L. Bonython (chairman), A. Ad arc son, J. Anderson, W. Bickford, and F. P. G. McCrae, Applications for free education were granted, and a number of cases of irregular attendance dealt with. The latter were principally connected with Catholic schools of the city. It was de cided to pay ^n official visit to the Flinders street school on Monday next, when the Minister of Education and the Treasurer, as member for East Adelaide, have promised to accompany the board. A correspondent writing from Kingston on October 16 says:—"I viBited the drainage works here to-day. There are only 15 men employed on them at present, and these are engaged in clearing out the creek near the township. The bottom of the creek is hard rock, and dynamite has to be used. When the creek is cleared out, which will be in a fortnight's time, the dam of sandbags which is keeping the water back will be removed, and the work will be suspended for a few days to let the water through. A large number of men will then be taken on to continue the main drain across the flats for several miles. The main camp is six miles from the township, but there are no men camped there at present. The men now working are all boarding in the town ship. A camp consisting of seven tents has been erected in the township for the accommo dation of any of the unemployed who may be sent up from Adelaide. I visited Mount Benson on Thursday last. It is beautiful country around the mount, which is 16 miles from Kingston and 11 from Robe, A large number of selections have been taken up lately in the district, and also near Kingston, under the leasing clauses of the Land Act. Some of the land lias been let at 2d. per acre per annum. I saw several working men in Kingston earnestly desiring to be taken on the works, but they were informed that no more men could be accepted until the water was let off. Some of them had travelled a long distance, and were very much dis appointed bt cause they were not taken on. The contemplated expenditure of £13,000 on this drainage scheme is putting life and energy into the residents of Kingston, who do" not intend to be behind other places in matters of public interest A public meeting is to be held on Friday evening next for the purpose of forming an agricultural and pastoral society to arrange for a show to be held in the township. The ship Collingwood is laying out about two miles from the jetty, loading wool for London." An entertainment, for the purpose of raising funds to defray the expenses in connection with a sacred cantata to be performed in the Port Town Hall, was given in the Oddfellows' Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening. There was a meagre attendance. A long programme was presented and successfully carried out, the following ladies and gentlemen taking part Misses E. Knowles, N. Burns, Goodier, Wil liams, and Stone, and Messrs. J. Williams, P. JDarmody, A. Rady, W. Turner, H, Knowles, T. Foster, P. Blanche, and W. Goodier. A farce, entitled "The Black Doctor," by Messrs. W, Goodier, Yerner, H. Knowles, P. Blanche, H. Taylor, and F, Marsh brought the pro gramme to a close. It will be remembered that at the late mili tary sports held on the Adelaide Oval, in the bayonet exercise competition the third place was awarded to the Hindmarsh Drum and Fife Band, and in recognition of this Messrs. Logan and Saunders, of Hindmarsh, deter mined to give the youthful performers a treat, which took place on Thursday evening last. The boys mustered at 7 p.m. at the Adelaide railway-station, in charge of Sergeant-Major McKenzie, and were thence driven to the Tramway Terminus Hotel, Mitcbam, On arrival selections were given.by the band on the balcony, after which an adjournment was made to the large lodge-room, where refresh ments were provided, and the proceedings were enlivened with songs and recitations by members of the band. After the exchange of mutual toaBts each member was presented by Mrs. Emery with a bunch of flowers, and a large basket of oranges was divided amongst the lads by the same lady. A start was then made for town, which was reached at 12.30, selections being rendered by the band at several points on the road home. j On Monday evening the cantata " The Lion of Judah " was repeated in the Bible Christian Church, Bowden, before a moderate audience. The principal vocalists were Misses Rimes, Keen, Hattams (2), E. Bennett, A. Bassett, and Messrs. A. Povall, C. Bishop, W. Gibson, jun., E. J. and E. H. S. Coombe, Mr. B, Gould was the conductor; Mr. T. Grigg, leader of the band; and Mr. A, Buddy, pianist. The Snowball Variety Troupe gave a suc cessful entertainment at the TJnley Town Hall on Monday evening. There was a very large attendance, standing room being readily availed of. The main portion of the proceed ings consisted of the minstrel business, selec tions of vocal and instrumental music, clog dancing, and two laughable farces, in which the following took part '•—Messrs. P. Myhill (tambo), J. Oleary (bones), E. A. Cleaveland (interlocutor), T. Teale, W. Horsell, F. King, P. McCardell, C. Miller, G. Saunders, N. Passmore, Stow, and W. Bradley. Mr. T. Teale was very successful in his song " Excel sior," while Mr. P. Myhill seemed to throw merriment into everything in which he appeared. The clog danciDg of P. McCardell and C. Miller is deserving of mention. The entertainment was brought to a conclusion with the farce " Thompson's Ghost," _ the various characters being creditably sustained by members of the company, Special services in connection with the Wesleyan Jubilee were held in the Unley Wesleyan Church on Sunday, when appro priate sermons were preached by the Revs. C. T. Newman and S. Knight to large and appre ciative congregations. On Monday a public tea and meeting were held, both of which were well attended. The Rev. H. T. Burgess, pastor of the church, conducted the meeting, at which the Rev. C. T. Newman (general jubilee secretary) and the Rev. R. M. Hunter attended as a deputation. The Rev. R. M. Hunter de livered an earnest address, particularly directed to the need of the people having more hope and greater faith in the future of the colony. Mr, Newman in a lengthy but earnest address spoke upon the great need that existed in the present day for the development of character by young men. He was personally glad that the jubilee year had come when the people of the colony were all complaining bitterly of the dulness of things, and what Bums were given now would be more highly prized than if given in more flourish ing times. As a result _of his appeal a considerable sum was raised towards the jubilee fund. The church was most taste fully decorated with flowers and evergreens, and around the communion rail were arranged several pot-plants in full bloom, kindly lent by MrB. Simon Harvey, which added greatly to the attractiveness of the church. The choir rendered appropriate anthems at each service in a pleasing manner, Mr. E. Broad presiding at the organ. An entertainment of a kind somewhat novel in South Australia, but extremely popular in England, was given in the Town Hall on Mon day evening, when the members of Barry's City Gymnasium took part in their first annual assault-at- arms and gymnastic demonstration, The attendance was very good, and included a fair number of the fair sex, who watched the feats with a large amount of interest. A space in the centre of the hall was cleared for the display, the platform being occupied by the Adelaide orchestra, which under the direction of Mr. C. Cawthorne discoursed popular music during the various exercises. The chair was occupied by the Treasurer (Hon. J. C. Bray), who has always identified himself with youthful recreations, the value of which he dealt with in a few opening remarks. The proceedings were initiated by the junior mem bers of the gymnasium being put through the dumbbell exercises. The juveniles, who in cluded a perfect liliputian, looked very picturesque in their costumes, and their work was marked with wonderful precision, showing the care bestowed upon them by; their instruc tor, Mr. J. B. Barry, Vaulting the horse followed, and here a large class under the leadership of Mr. Barry exhibited some really clever feats, two or three members being especially applauded for their display. Messrs. H. Broomhall and R. Clifford then took part in a single-stick contest, which was quite equal to any similar performance these adepts with the "sticks" have previously given. The former supplemented some graceful and skilful club- swinging by Mr. Douglas, by appearing with Mr. J. McKenzie in cavalry sword exercises, in which both men showed themselves very proficient. Au exhibition on the parallel bars by the class under the leader ship of Mr. J. B. Barry, in which grace combined with nerve and strength was shown, brought the first part of the entertainment to a close, Afterwards some high jumping by the class, a member of which cleared 7 feet 2 inches off the spring-board, filled up a period that elapsed between contests with the foils and the sword and bayonet, in which Messrs. H. Broomhall and W.(G. Haylock performed satisfactorily. The performance by the class, on the horizontal bar was the most in teresting portion of the programme, the feats being difficult, varied, and _ well gone through. Mr. Barry was specially good, while two members of the class gave every promise of following closely in the footsteps of their instructor. The applause bestowed upon this trio was, however, equalled by that re ceived by the liliputian, who took part in the dumb-bell exercise, for a dashing and pro longed " wheel" on the bar. Another single Bticks contest, in which Messrs, J. McKenzie and R. Clifford took part, concluded a most successful entertainment. 