TURF GOSSIP. Bt Augub. Aa compared with the V.HC. entries of last year, those of 1886 show a slight tailing off. This may be attributed to the New South Wales division not being so strongly represented, but the quality 01 those engaged shows no deterioration. Take the Melbourne Stakes as an example. In this are to be found the names of Malua and Commotion, two of the greatest horses of modern times, both having bIiowu exceptional form in han- [ dicaps as well as weigut-for-age races. It will be a ticklish thing with Mr. Pearson's old favourite, who has for some time laboured under the disadvantage of a seriously da- j maged leg, and his trainer fears that he will not get him to the post for the Cup. Up to l the time of writing, however, he has done all that has been asked him, but as yet he has not been thoroughly extended. Malua, who has been doing stud duty, as well as a preparation forthe MelbourneCup, will be the observed one of the lot, should he face the starter, and people will be curious to see how he shapes in the first race of tire meeting. In 1S84 Malua opened the ball by winning the Melbourne Stakes, and Plunger, who is also engaged this year, was second to him, Commotion third. In the Melbourne Cup, three days afterwards, Plunger looked as if he were going to win easily, but he collapsed at the turn, and then Commotion was in everybody's mouth, but he in turn was swooped down upon by Malua, who won by half a length. These three great horses are all in the Melbourne Stakes, and should they sport silk they will probably be opposed by more than one whose credentials are above mediocrity. There are 37 in the Hotham Handicap, 31 in the Celling Stakes, and 54 in the Coburg Stakes. There are only 15 in the Hurdle Race, but this number includes The Agent, Caloola, and other good performers. The Railway Han dicap has attracted no Ies9 than G3 entries, the shortness of the distance being the chief attraction to owners of moderate animals. In the Kensington Stakes there are 20 two year olds, while 45 have been nomi nated for the Nursery Handicap. It is greatly to be regretted that these two races were fixed j for the one day. The Yan Yean Stakes, with its paltry 100 sovs. added, commands an entry of 59, in consequence of the distance being a mile. The Maiden Plate does not compare favourably with the V.A.T.C. event of a similar kind, the special weights being far more popular than weight for age, and while 20 horses started (ft Caul field, the whole entry for Flemington is only 16. The Flying Stakes has 31 engaged, a great majority being two year olds,and there are no less than 60 in the Spring Handicap, while the Royal-park Stakes has only 24 nominated. The Juvenile Stakes for geldings, with only seven entries, reads something like a failure. Next year I should like to see the race thrown open to three year olds as well as two. In the Veteran Stakes 58 horses are engaged, and the Flemington Stakes has 45 youngsters ; in it The V.R,C. Handicap is always popular with owners of horses, and this year there are 54 nominations. The Steeplechase has 15, and the Canterbury Plate 24, includ ing Malua, Trenton, The Plunger, Grace Darling, Sheet Anchor, Isonomy, Industry, Trident, Crossfire, Bravo, KingfiBb, and First Consul; and the whole concludes with the Free Handicap, which has 68 entries. "Pendragon" continues to provide the readers of the London Referee with his im pressions of Australia. He writes of us as we are, and if there is just a little hitters mixed with the sweets most Australians will agree that on the whole our late visitor has treated us fairly. When Trickett and our first teams of cricketers visited England Aus tralians were indignant at what they con sidered the ungenerous manner in which "Pendragon" criticised them; hut his im pressions of Australia which have been trans mitted to paper are neither captious nor un generous. He describes our courses pretty accurately, and though he objects to the home turn being so near the finish he gives the leading clubs full credit for the perfection of their arrangements. Refernug to the Caulfield course, he says:—"Nothing is left undone that can be suggested for the con venience of the public. Mr. Bond is not only secretary, he is allowed to do whatever he likes in the way of improvement, and he isas ready of resource as he is zealous and indefatigable. If you want to know how Caulfield is conducted, go and suffer at Epsom or Newmarket, at Kempton or Sandown, imagine all the things that might be done there forthe benefit of those who pay, and when you have imagined as much as you can in the way of improvement you will be in a fair way to understand how they do things in Victoria, of which Caulfield may be reckoned thesecond in rank racetrack. . . Such as are not familiar with the colours of owners must hail as a boon Mr. Bond's idea of putting the number of each horse legibly on the saddle cloth. To ask an English clerk of the coarse to do this, or to do any of the other things which strike a visitor as remarkable, though only natural, would be, I suppose, to grievously offend him!" Australian steeplechasing seems to have surprised our visitor, and he says" Many readers may be astonished to learn that in a steeplechase trial England v. Australia, the old country would stand a good chance of mpdnft off second best; 6ne would be in much the same position as Hanlan was after lna two races on the Parramatta, I was astonished at the jumps shown me at Caul field, but still more astonished when I went to Flemington, the Newmarket of Victoria, or rather the-Newmarket-cnm-Liverpool, seeing that it is the headquarters of both flat-racing and steeplechasing in the colony." After de scribing the courses, he asks:—"How many of the steeplechasers of Kempton, and San down, and the Grand National Hunt would face such barriers! And in Australian steeple chasing there is no steadying; they gallop straight away, and there is no more hesita tion or delay than though tbey were flat racing. . . It is no exaggeration whatever to gay oust - for height and solidity we have nothing like these fencea in England, or even in Ireland. They are to my eyes—and I have seen most of the cross-country work that is worth seeing at home—little short of ap palling. . . Whatever may be said about the relative merits of English find Australian flat-racertMfed a good deal has been said to me during thelfcit month or bo—I am free to admit that we are right out of it with the Australians across country." . , The clerk of the weather is determined that the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Bball not have fine weather on Guineas day. Yet last Saturday he was considerate enough to hold his hand until most of the intending visitors had started; Cor Caulfield, and thus the attendance was not affected to any great Being the Jewish Day of Atonement a great majority of the Hebraish portion of the ring were absent Fm not aware that they offered no preyers for the welfare of the Derby favourite, Tfcident, but hud they, been present on Saturday I think they would hare had the bestof the bout with the publicH for PBL supporters, to dej who.woa the the old-fashioned sort, a colt with plenty of j muscle and bone, and lie won so cleverly that one almost regrets he was not nominated for the Derby. Highland Chief ran like a much improved colt, and Yule Cake displayed plenty of speed, but did not finish like a stayer. Menotti disappointed me, but no doubt he met a better animal in Newmaster. Mr. Loughlin at last managed to score a victory with Huntsman, but Bonnie Lad raised a scare at the last hurdle, where it looked as if he were going to settle the Bal larat horse, but he struggled home, and quite a load was removed from the breasts of his supporters when he passed the post. I couldn't quite understand Ocean, who must have been below par, otherwise he must have gained a situation. 'Alter seeing Hortense gallop on Thursday morning I was quite pre pared for the filly's victory in the Foal Stakes, though her trainer and lessee was not very sweet upon her chance. She is a very fine filly, and reminds one something of Darebin when he was a two year old. She is one that Sir Thomas Elder did not part with at his sale, and both on the turf and at the stud she will do credit to the family she has sprang from. Perhaps, who ran a dead heat with Yetman for second place, is full sister to Guesswork, and evidently inherits the family speed. It is unnecessary to recapitulate the Btory of the Guineas, but I cannot help thinking that First Consul ought to have won. He seemed to be clean out of it at the home turn, and ran wide, which, however, was an advantage, as he had the sounder ground From the distance he came with an extraor dinary run, and had the winning post been five and twenty yards further Sir William Clarke would have undoubtedly been pro claimed the winner of the Guineas of 188G. Maddelina only corroborated last year's form by winning, but Hales declares that Volcano would have won had he not been so badly hampered by Colley on Maddelina. He states that after passing the post Colley apologised and said he did not interfere with him pur posely. Colley denied this, and as Hales did not call any corroborative evidence, the BtewardB did not think there was sufficient to justify them in upsetting the verdict Hales is hardly the man to complain without cause, and as it was evident there was something wrong down the straight he doubtless had good grounds for entering an objectioh. Blairgowrie failed to obtain a situation, though be made a bold effort at the distance, but rfrwaa like the expiring effort of a flicker ing candle. It is said that he slightly injured the mnacels of his back. A more interesting amateur race has never taken place at Caulfield than that for the Hunters' Cup, and it was worth going a long way to see Mr. J. 0. Inglis's artistic effort on his own horse Goldfinder, wisely at the finish taking the outer ground, which is much better going than that near the rails, and settling the pretensions of Union, on whom it looked any odds at the end of the rails. Middlemarch proved that the handi capper's ideas as to his loss of form were altogether erroneous, for he won the Toorak Handicap like a racehorse, being closely fol lowed home by that sterling filly Richworth and Hogmanay. The bookmakers were very wroth, and declared that only four horses were legitimately backed, most of the others merely being out with an eye to future favours from the handicapper. I suppose the fact is a great majority of the owners con sidered the race a certainty for Hogmanay or Middle march, and "ease-'em-off " orders were given. Daring the day several members complained to me that the small bar en closure, which they considered had been Bet aside for them, was invaded by non-members, who elbowed out those tor whom it was ori ginally intended. The Derby iBn't half over. Blairgowrie, who ran a dead heat for second with Eingfish in Sydney, iB no wonder, that is certain, and his performance on Saturday, therefore, con siderably discounts Trident's apparent extra ordinary victory. Had the Guineas been a mile and a fialf on Saturday, First Consul, at all events, wonld have beaten him quite 10 lengths, and I'm not so certain that Maddelina would not have done the same. Volcano cannot* I think, get more than a mile and a quarter in a very fast run race, and, consequently, we shall have to look to First Consul or Maddelina to clip the wings of the Hon. James White's great gun, unless there is some dark outsider of whom little is yet known The starters are likely to come from Kenneth, First Consul, Aglaos, Munwyrtina, St Paul, Gadfly, Blairgowrie, Chesham, Lord William, Crossfire, My Lord, Kingfisb, Volcano, Trident, Maddelina, and perhaps Trojan or Shark. Probably eight or ten of these will be seenat the post The Hon. W. Long has two first-class fillies in Crossfire and Maddelina, and if both are well I expect he'll start the pair. My Lord is not likely-to Eat in an appearance at the meeting, not aving got over the work done at Randwick. Lord William's owner will scarcely care to rioir a penalty for the Melbourne Cup, and unless wf favourite shows signs of weakness I expect he wii! be reserved for the Cup. Of the lot I've mentioned above only St Paul and Shark are Victoria^ bred, so I'm afraid the breeders of this colony-.TiIl.hot have the pleasurable feeling of claiming the winner <is one of their own breeding. Hortei) running in the Foal Stakes, however, p hances the prospects of Mistletoe for\ { Maribyrnong Plate, and I shall be well s&K; / fied if the great two-year-old race is won h a youngster bred in Victoria. It is to b presumed that we saw the best of the Ne' South Wales two year olds at Caolfielt though for my part I believe Miranda, whe thoroughly fit, will prove her superiority. That Australian horses have attracted tl ■ attention of American breeders we have ha an illustration in the purchase of Sir Mod re and Darebin by Mr. J. B. Hoggin, one of th largest breeders of thoroughbred stock in th United States. That these horses will d credit to the colonies of New Zealand am Victoria we need have no fear. Australia breeders will be glad to hew that there ( other American turfmen anxious to proci crack Australian racehorses for their stul Last week Mr. WIfiiam Branch received! cablegram from Lfr.; £harlea Read, of Ne York, asking the priab at which Navigatd. could be purchased. The matter was places in tbe bands of Messrs W. C. Yuille and r who communicated with' the owner of famous black son of Robinson Crusoe, and of. Monday they received a reply to the effejt that the lowest price was 3,500 guineas. Th was a staggerer, and it is not likely that M Read will close at so high a figure. It is or a few months ago that Navigator was dispc of for 401 guineas, and at the price he one of the cheapest animals ever sold, 1 even though his brother, Trident, has v three races in Sydney, it hardly justifies present owner in asking nearly 10 times i amount he gave for him. However, h$ is t best judge of his value, and if he c&njgetsn; a sum all the better for himself aha "" generally. If Mr, Bead doesn't lea to accede to these terms I hope he will «o{ dismayed,for there ate many other tralian breeders with horseB likely to i first-class sires, and they may be obtained 3 a third the/price ashed for Kjivf —■' - ■ Derby yicthry of Trident hadnofll America from Bnriand. ahd .a H^wwu man like Mr, Read (who/bjr-lm^iia^oaT j of Gaudaur's backers) had no donbt heard of the doughty deeds of his brother. Navigator, and with Beach's victory to freshen hir memory, his thoughts turned towards Aus tralia. At the Meerut Sky races, Captain CnrandinJ won the Maiden Plate and Hurdle Race with Cupidj and a pony handicap with Selim, Captain Carandini is a son of Madame Caran dini of this city. Before " Robin Hood " was appointed to the position of English sporting correspon dent to The Australasian Major Dixon con tributed the monthly notes from home. I regret to say that the major, who bad been in failing health for Borne time, died about two months ago. Mr. A. Sarjui writes to thank his friends who subscribed the whole of the costs lie in curred in the case Lee v. tiaqui. They con sidered he had been harshly heated in the matter, and quickly subscribed the amount to pay the law costs of the case. When the weights for the Caulfield Cup made their appearance William Tell was selected as one that had a chance, but he has been beaten so easily by Boolka in a trial that Mr. S. Miller considered it advisable to scratch him, and run him for the Bhorter race. I believe the .chestnut shaped well enough for a mile and a quarter, but after that Boolka did what he pleased with him. All who have horses engaged in the Marl byrnong Plate and V. R.C. Derby are reminded that half forfeit must be declared and paid before 11 a.m. on the day before each race, or they will be liable for the whole stake. When Mr. Scarr let Industry in so lightly at Randwick the most superficial observer selected her as the winner, and so she proved. The New South Wales nandicapper does not appear to have got her measure yet, for at the Sydney Turf Club meeting on Saturday^he carried 8st. 121b. and won the October Handi cap. Lord William, who wasBecond, is handi capped at 6st. 91b. in the Melbourne Cup, and those who back him may rest satisfied that il the colt starts they will have a good ran for their money. W. Kelso's stable was in great, form during the day, Industry, Rylstone, and' Pepita all being under his care. In looking over the nominations for the V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes of 1888 I notice several foals entered as by Chesterfield. As this horse was never nominated these entries are not valid. Last week I mentioned that the American turfmen, Messrs. Dwyer Brothers, had given 29,500 dollars for a filly named Dewdrop, be lieving her to be the best animal in the United States. I notice that on the last days of the Monmouth-p&rk; meeting she suffered a double defeat from another three year old, Mr. A.J. Caseatt's colt The Bard, by Longfellow from Bradamante. The first occasion was in the Omnibus Stakes of 10,000 dollars, which The Bard, who received 21b. from the mare, .won by six lengths, the mile and a half being compassed in 2m. 39s. In the Choice Stakes, the filly received her allowance for sex, 51b., and ran the colt to a neck, by which he beat her, the mile and a haif occupying 2m. 394s. Mr. J. B. Haggin, the Cali fornian sportsman, was successful in two or three races, bat he couldn't get nearer than third in the two great events mentioned. The Hamilton Racing Club will hold a meeting on the 16th December. Lord Carrington evidently intends to sport his colours at the Victoria Racing Club Spring Meeting, for he has nominated hia two fillies, Jessica and Esperance, for several of the events. The former is by Maribyr nong from Gondola, by Paul Jones from Matchless, by Stock well from Nonpareille, by Kingston from England's Beauty, by Bird catcher. This is a splendid pedigree, Esper ance is by Grand Flaneur from Fair Alice, by Bel Demonio from Flora, by Knight erf Kara. Both fillies arrived at Flemington on Tues day, and are now located at Mitchell's Race course Hotel Meteor, whose death was telegraphed from Geelong last week, would appear <0;be all right again, judging from the mimtier in which he has been entered for the events of the spring meeting. Industry's performances have been so brilliant that Meteor's great ' effort in giving her about 3st and running her to a length is undoubtedly one of the best of the season, and, if Mr. Maitland baa the good luck to bring him to the post sound and well, he may achieve the object of hie ambition, and win a Melbourne Cup. On Monday next die general entries for the Moonee Valley meeting close, the events which have to be attended to being the Corinthian Handicap of 50 soys., Steeple chase of 60 soys., Selling Race of 50 soys.*' and the Phoenix Handicap of 50 soys. AU entries to be made with the secretary, Mr. A. H. Cox, Kirk'B Bazaar. Coronet-lodge was again submitted to auc tion on Tuesday by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., but failed to find a purchaser, the highest bid being nearly £1,000 below the reserve. Trident's apparent tenderness last week was, I think, caused by the colt brushing behind. He is in the habit of doing this, and to prevent any ill effects Mr. Fennelly; always exercises him with an indiarnbber ring ronnd his off hind pastern. This week fbe colt has been extended a little, and moved free and well Having been thoroughly wound up for the A. J.C. meeting he requires only a few strong gallops to set liim right for the task before him at Flemington. Ballarat redimvus / A glance at the adver tising columns of this journal will satisfy the most sceptical of critics tnat there is still some life in the sportsmen of Ballarat, for they have published a programme which far surpasses that which was placed before the racing public last season. The days chosen for the meeting are Friday and Saturday, the 3rd and 4th December, and the first day's hill commences with the Telegraph Stak-r^of 75 bovb., a handicap of aix furlongs. Tbio followed by a Hnrdle Race of 100 sovs., two miles, and then comes the Ballarat Handicap of 150 Bovs., one mile, tins being touowoa oy a Selling Race of 60 so vs., and the Bracelet Stakes of 50 soys., to go to the owner of the horse, and a bracelet value 25 sovs., to go ta the lady who nominates. Mrs. J. P. It'Phec son, always ready to lend her support, is the generous donor of the bracelet The second day opens with the Public Auction Stakes of 75 sovs., six furlongs; and second comesthe Ballarat Cup of 200 sovs., a handicap of one mile and a half. Then comes the Flying Stakes of 50 sovs., and the Steeplechase ot 150 sovs., the wind-up being the Free Handi* cap of 75 sovs., one mile, This ispli eaceU lent bill of fare^ and Ihope toseeiljreft patronised. Entries close weV.fLC; office.' and with the hon. secretary, duvduM* Green* held, Ballarat op the llfh November. - Preston, who, it was thought, had an outsidejghow fortheCaulfield Cup, pulled qj> so iam^oiwmomLpg d.aruie tue wee? uuttr. " *:io*CT§%%|»n. After a i. „ fafl ;wgat-ifpr another fMp *cpwwj» «ore »&»?:•-. oouldnot persevere did at the A.J.C. meeting- before the start for the Sovereign Date he sent Skehun, who was riding Fairy, back to the paddock, and in the October Handicap, Steeper, who was on Folly, was also ordered to the enclosure. Mr. Forrester, who owns the latter, con sidered the starter was not justified in taking euch extreme measures, and refused to start his mare. In the summer programme of the Victoria Racing Club there are two events which I Bhoula like to bring under the notice of visiting owners of horses. They are the Standish Handicap and the Bagot Handicap. To the first the club adds 300 bovs., and the distance iB six furlongs, while the second has 1,000 sovs. added to a sweepstakes of 10 so vs. each, the distance being one mile and five furlongs. These events close on !• riduy, the 5th November. Most of the events at the Elsternwick-park meeting were won rather easily. The trots introduced two very promising young trotters, one named barwon being a wiry, varmint looking son of the good-looking grey Ameri can imported stallion Len Rose. '1 His geld ing easily won the Sires' Produce Stakes, and Effie Deans, who won the Severnside Cup, is a daughter of Walter Scott, one of the most useful of all the American sires imported. Gerald ine, who won the Hurdle Race, achieved the victory so easily that she must be a cut above the ordinary run of hurdle racers. Winter, who rode Leporello, was called before the stewards for the unneces sarily severe manner in which he punished Leporello. Ilis excuse was that when he rode baby in a Steeplechase some lime ago he was disqualified for not making use of him, and through his impudent manner he narrowly escaped another suspension. The stewards, however,- let him oil with a caution, and it will be wejl for this young man to take care he doesn't get into trouble again. From the style in which Umbra spread-eagled her field in the October Handicap, I should say 6he is one of the fastest animals in training. I should have liked to have seen her breeder, Mr. W. Dargin, present; he would have been de lighted at the performance. Mr. Oxenham had another stroke of luck by winning the Steeplechase with his recent purchase Havelock, but I don't think he profited much by the victory. ltuby looked like winning half a mile from home, when she fell, and so did Our Boy, who was going web. After that Havelock hadn't any difficulty with the others, and won very easily. Every body except those who had backed other horses rejoiced at the veteran Mr. Thomas Rennison's victory with Salvo in the last race of the day, and he was all the more pleased because the horse had been cast off from more than one Btable because of his vile temper at the post* Now he behaves him self as well as any horse, and he has proved that he has not lost his pace. Since the last meeting Mr. Haydon has made a great im provement by raising the lawn in front of the Btand, and erecting an awning over the front of the small stand in front of the luucheon room and stewards' stand. A. Davies had a slice of bad luck at Elsternwick-park qii Wednesday. His colt Eagle Grange was amonget the starters for tne last race of the day, and soon after the Btart ricked himself bo severely that he could scarcely walk. I believe he displaced the j muscels of his shoulder. j H. Tothill arrived from Adelaide a few ] days ago with Ballarat, Surprise, Affluence, < end Norman, and has gone to his old quar ters at Rigby's Newmarket Hotel. The Caulfield correspondent of this journal pins his faith to Recall, Millstream, or Silver mine for the Caulfield Cup. Jebusite, the Dattiwell—Tyropean colt in T. Coffey's stable, got away from his boy on the training track at Flemington on Monday morning, and before he was captured had careered over the grass, jumping over anr dykes on the road, and finally crashed into the post-and-rail fence bounding the straight ran. Although be sent half a dozen of the rails bodily out die lucidly escaped almost scatheless, and ofl Wednesday 6trode along as if nothing had happened. The Pencil appears to have quite recovered from his accident, and has been exercising again. Zeno, whoarrived from Sydney a few days ago, is reported to have had an attack of gripes on the road, but is now all right again. He has always been returned as by Golds brough from Avalanche, and thus be has been nominated for the Caulfield Cup. In looking over the Stud Book I -notice that Avalanche's colt Zeno, foaled in 1881, is re turned as by Gemma di Vergy, and be was aold as a yearling as by Gemma di Vergy. It turns out that there is another Avalanche, who was sent to Goldsbrongh, and Zeno was the produce. The Elsternwick-park programme for the 3rd November appears this week, and con tains half a dozen events, the first being a Handicap Trot of 75 sovs., which is followed by a Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., November Haudicapof 75sovs., Steeplechase of 100 sovs., Selling Race of 75 sovs., and Elsternwick park Handicap of 100 sovs. Entries close on the 25th October. A little Caulfield bird whispers me that Millstream is a veritable mudlark, and if he will only try he will perfectly revel in the soft grOnnd at Caulfield to-day. From New Zealand comes the news that the Hon. W. Robinson has advertised Liver pool and Winchester for sale. Investors in the totalisator at the Hawke's Bay meeting must have bad a real good time. In the Hawke's Bay Guineas there were only six starters, and in the inside totalisator each investor in a ticket received £21 19a, while from the outside instrument each investor was paid £70 10s. It was even better in the Hurdle Race, for which again six horses started, and each holder of a ticket on tbe winner received £10310s., while in tbe out side no less than £153 9a. was paid. Good business this. Forester, who won the- Hawke's Bay Guineas, is closely related to some of the horses now in Victoria. He is by Puriri (son of The Peer's brother Towton and Waimea, dam of Manuka) from Gossip, a full sister to Calumny, Si lence, who won the Spring Handicap of 300 sovs., is by the Victorian-bred Mute . jsbgn Marie Antoinette. Mute will be remem bered he Mr. Horde Fisber'e bay son of Fire worn and Fenella. Mr. A. M'Lean won the Flying Handicap with Soudan, by Musket "iid of Attiol, and Mr. G. G. Stead, the 4.w Handicap with Marion, by from Peeress. At the Napier \- Mr. EHingham'e Denbigh, by —off the Hurdle Race ; jy Javelin, toe Maiden a's Formo. by Sterling Stakes, and Mr. the Tramway i filled 49 well as usual, the total being 1"- Owners evidently wish to reserve tiieir horses tor TuttersnH's Cup and the Carringion Stakes, the former having an entry of <>'J and the latter til. . , One of Stockwell's greatest sons died in Victoria a fev. days ago. I allude to i lie Marquis. Bred by Mr. S- llawke in lbJ»9, he was in his 28th year, and, therefore, one of the oldest thoroughbied stud horses in Aus tralia. He was, indeed, a great performer in the old country, where he commenced bis career as a two year old by winning the Bishop Burton Stakes at the Beverley, Hull, and East Biding meeting. At the Pontefract meeting he won the fcondeBborough Stakes, and ran a dead heat with Neptimus for the Park-hill Stakes. In these races he was piloted by Custance, but in the Champagne Stakes at Doncaster he had the services ot George Fordham, ami he won by a head, beat ing Imperatrice, Tolerno, Cellarius, Feu-de joie, Ashford, and Harlequin. He wound up the season by winning the Prendergast Stakes at the Newmarket Second Oc tober meeting, Fordham again being m the saddle. In the following season he opened his three-year-old career by win ning the Two Thousand Guineas, beat ing 16 others, and he was then a great favourite for flie Derby, which, it is generally admitted, lie would have won had not Asiunall made so much use ot him. He cut out the work at a great pace, and led his field until within a few strides from home, when it began to tell upon him, and Carac tacus, challenging, beat him by a neck, Buckstone and no loss, than 31 other three year olds being behind our hero, and amongst those defeated was Ace of Clubs, who never had the ghost of a show. Notwithstanding his defeat, The Marquis at once was made a strong favourite for the St. Leger, in which John Scott took good care that Ashmall was not the jockey, for he put up Challoner, and after a magnificent race with Buckstone The Marquis won by a head ; Clarissimus, who was third, being three lengths off. Although one of the best performers and as fashionably bred as any thing in England, he was not a decided suc cess as a sire, though Viscount, Normanby, Infidel, and others of his get were good liorses, but mares by The Marquis are pro ducing winners. In 1S71 he was purchased by Messrs. Dakiu, and imported to Victoria. Arrangements were made for him to stand at Marib.vrnong, and shortly afterwards he was purchased for l,f>00 guineas by the late Mr. George Petty, who sold him to Mr. C. B. Fisher when the latter re-purchased the stud. -Air. T. Gumming some time after wards became his owner. The Marquis bad a temper of his own, and, when in training, would fairlv lie down and roll upon his boy. His expatriation did not cure him of this vice, and at Camperdown he received no quarter. About four years ago he was brought to Kirk's Bazaar, and submitted to public auction. Mr. Samuel Gardiner, being anxious to obtain a filly or two by so grandly-bred a horse, bid iive-and-twenty guineas for him, and he was kuocked down to him. At Bundoora-parlr the old fellow quickly picked up, and looked something like The Marquis of old; but last year increasing age began to tell its tale, and, not caring to kill him, Mr. Gardiner gave him to his manager's brother, on the understanding that he would be well cared for during the remainder of his days. In: Victoria The Marquis got the brilliant Newmin8ter, Canterbury, The Painter, Water lord, Burgundy. Chesterfield, and other winners, aud some of these sons of his—like' most of the grandsons of Stockwell—will, no doubt, prove successful as sires, and help to keep green the memory one of the greatest English performers ever imported to Aus tralia. Trenton's poor feet have been nicely served by the late welcome rains. He now goes much sounder than he did, and both owner and trainer are Banguine that he will ruu up to his best form at the coming V.1LC. Spring Meeting: The stout old Voltigeur blood was to the front in the Ceaarewitch. Stone Cljnk, who won. is by Sp culuin from Stone Chat, and of the the sire of the winner is by Vedette (son of Voltigeur) from Deralice by Alarm or Orlando from Preserve by Emilius. Stone Chat, the dam of Stone Clink, runs back to the famous Agnes family, for she is by Adven turer from Furze Chat, by King Tom from Lady Alice, by Chanticleer lrom Agnes. Florentine, who won the Middle-park Plate, is by Petrarch from Hawthorndale, by Kettle drum from Lady Alice Hawthorn, by New minster from Lady Hawthorn, by Windhouud from Alice Hawthorn. Before daylight on Thursday morning Little John did a rattling gallop at OaalfieliL I hear that he ran once round in 2.21, aud beat Jim Cain very easily. Mt T. Wilson arrived from Ballarat yes terday, and brought down Sheet Anchor ard" Britisher. Both horses were lookta;, welt, and were taken on to Els tern wick". J.' Scobie also came with Recall, wfic is a trifle narrow perhaps, but evidently Las gone through a capital preparation. Messrs. \V. Cooper, W. Gannon. W For Tes'ter, \V. Blackler, II. and 1L Falkiner, and a number of other visitors from the adjoining colonies, have come to Melbourne to see the Caulfield Cup run, and should the weather Wove fine to-day Mr: Bond will have a [tamper attendance. I am glad to say that Mr. Louis Clarke, ho received a nasty fall while riding his horse Ajax in the Hunters' Stakes at Caul Ijield, is progressing satisfactorily. Owners who have not made good their jecoud payment for the Caulfield Cup are re quested to do so on the course. The traffic manager to the Victorian rail ways desires it to be notified that special t ains to" and from Caul field this afternoon v ill not stop at any of the intermediate s ations, and all who ate desirous of leaving t le course before the last race are reminded titan an ordinary train leaves Caulfield for AJelbourne at 5.24 p.m. Malua arrived in Melbourne yesterday. jcRATcnrxoe. —V. A.T.O, — Caulfield Stakes —Mer rii iu, Lord ot (he Manor, Steeplechase—Promotion. Bi tioent. Windsor Handicap—The Felon, Qakleigh, Di modes. First Consul, Middlemorcb. AU Engage on nta—Mozart, MIeeitoe, Fancy Free, F.F. Nuriery Hi odicap—Christine, PerhipfcrMpper Crust, Eclat, pr ittler, Eira, Plngara, ralka^lJamd&n;, Wild Eagle co't, Uedert&feL; Cautfie d Cup—EHlver Ring, Oar de ita- V.K.C.—Melbourne ©up-^Duke of AUiol, Hi ron, Eagle Orange, Highland Vary, Cairo. Pro da » Stakes—Drollery filly. 'Derby Slakes—The Pr iwa. Moonee Valley Cup—Sip Charles. 