A NIHILIST GHOST. ——o So much has been said lately regarding the spirit world, and of warnings through supernatural agency, that I may be accused of writing on a worn-out subject. However, in spite of this, it may interest many-to heat the following strange occurrence which happened in a well known family some years ago, and which was related to me by my friend Mr. , on the strict condition of iny suppressing names and dates Ehould I ever wish to repeat it. I will tell yon the story aa nsar as possible in this gentleman's own words:— " Two or three months after marriage I took my yoang wife down to my else?? in tbe north of Scotland to spend the N9W Year, it having been a time honored custom in our family to do so. Though the weather was bitterly oold we all managed to enjoy ourselves, and my wife, who was tha ODIJ lady amongst us, was in excellent Bpirits and the life of the party. Late in the evening of New Year's Day we gentlemen were amusing ourselves in the billiard room {it must have been nearly twelve o'clock), when I was surprised to hear Violet's voice calling me from above, she having retired some time before. On going up to her room, she informed me that she had been much astonished by hearing the tinkle ot sledge bells, and that on opening her window she had seen one quickly approaching, drawn by a magnificent pair of black horses, and that it had palled up immediately under her window. It was a lovely moonlight night, so Bhe had leant out to see if She could recoghise the occupant of the sledge. As she did so he raised his head and looked her straight in the face, when she discovered he was a perfect stranger. What Violet considered most extraordinary was that on meeting.her eye, he held up his left hand and shook his head solemnly, then giving rein to his horses rapidly disappeared down the avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who this mysterious stranger conld be, and had called me np to see if I knew. She described him as being quite yoang, bat with snow-white hair, piercing black eyes, a black moustache, and completely wrapped in sables. I being well acquainted with all my neighbours far and near, felt qoite certain that he was not one of them, and the only conclusion we could come to was that he was some visitor from town who wished to astonish the natives with each a hitherto unheard-of oonvevanoe as a sledge. I asked her if she was quite sure she had not been dreaming, when she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake in her life, having at the time been sitting up writing a most important letter. When I related my wife's Btory in the billiard room, one of my convivial friends suggested that we should all sally forth in a body and search the ground for the nnfortnnate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to be given a drink. We all acted on this idea with alacrity, any small excitement always being ccceptable in a country house. In the meantime the weather had completely changed, and it had commenced to snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for oar not bsing able to discover traces of the sledge. ,We soon got tired or the search, agreeing that the mysterious stranger had discovered he was trespassing, and had made the bsst of his way home. The next day Violet appeared rather an noyed when we chaffed aboufber melancholy visitor of the previous night, "and seeing that it was not welcome we soon dropped the subject, and in fact forgot it. That evening, as we men had jast decided on separating for the night,\tha doer of the smokingroom burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my wife rashed in, her dressinggown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she was doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair, gasping ont: " He bas come again 1" Seeing that she was really affected, I hastened to get her 8 glass of wine, and begged her to give me fall particulars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had slept soundly antii awakened by the sonnd of approaching sledge bells, then starting up, had thrown on her dressing gown and rashed to the window, where she discovered the sledge had been brought to a standstill at exactly the same spot as on th? previous night. On hfer appear ai.ee the driver, looking np at her steadfastly, had raised his hand and shaken his head in precisely the same warning manner as before. Not waiting for more, and filled with nameless terror, the poor little woman had rushed down to me in this excited condition. We all felt most indignant at what we began to think was a very impertinent practical joke, and, confiding my wife to the care of her maid, rashed out with the intention of finding and inaking it hot for the perpetrator. We ran oat eagerly; the night was clear and frosty, the gronnd was covered with snow, although none had fallen since the morning, and I confess that I experienced quite a shock when, on arriving beneath my wife's window, we discovered the snow was com? pletely undisturbed, and there was not the faintest trace of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house somewhat subdued, and talked the matter well over, when we came to the conclusion that there must be something queer about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife oould be the victim of any such delusion. Therefore we unanimously decided on keeping a watch in the billiardroom — which was immediately beneath Violet's room—on the following; night, and wait for what might occur. In the meantime we had agreed not to mention the sub- ject to my wife, and the next day, she not appearing at all inclined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Some time after she had retired for the night, we, being fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to the billiar'droom to commence our vigil, where we tamed down the gas and drew up the tfinds, &nd; were all on the qui vive for anything that might happen. The silenca was becoming monotonous, when suddenly it was broken by a piercing shriek, and the sound of a heavy fall. Bashing up to my wife's room, from whence it had proceeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in her evening dress, with her wiudow wide open. It was a long time before her maid, whom I found in the room, oould restore her to consciousness, and even then she seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, " Why does he come ? What does he mean ?" The maid afterwards informed me that she had been requested by her mistress to remain in her room with her until her master came up, and she had stated she did not intend undressing until then. Her lat3y had stood wrapped in a shawl for a long time at the window, and appeared to be listening intently for something she expected. Suddenly she had given a violent start, and leaning out of the window, had excitedly called the maid to her side, and &skea; her in a trembling voice whether she could not see anything coming up the avenue or hear the tinkle of bells. It was a still moonlight night, almost as light as day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, declared she could see or hear nothing, and had only just turned from the window when sha was horrified to see her mistress stagger backwards and fall fainting to the ground. The violent shock that my wife had received to her nervous system resulted in a long and serious illness, and as scon as she could be moved I took her on the continent, where she shortly recovered her health and spirits. We neither of us ever alluded to the cause of her illness, she feeling peculiarly sensitive on the subject, and resenting my haying treated it as an hallucination. Though appivemly forgotten by us both, I did not consider it judioious to spend the coming New Year.in Scotland, arid therefore agreed on p=ymg a long-promised visit to St-. Petcvsbarcr y? iere I many intimate friencs in [ nfliential circles. Oa our arrival they all* vied with each other in showing U3 hospitality, my wife was immensely admired, and b°r vivacity and wit made her very popa'ar. Jast bifore : our intended departure one of lea*!: racf society arranged a bail in our honqr, to which Violet looked forward with great pleasure, and made most elaborate preparations. When the night of this iete arrived, and my wife entered the room dressed for the ball, I thought I had never ssen her look so lovely, with that loe'e of joyous anticipation oa her countenance that a baautiful woman always : wears when she is sure of her triumphs. During our short drive to the Hotel , our destination, she amused me by her almost childish anticipation of the coming enjoyment. On arriying there she ascended the Bteps on my arm; still laughing and chatting gaily, but just as we were about to enter the door she turned her hoad as if violently startled. I felt her trembling from heBd to foot, her face was deadly pale, and her eyea were fixed on the spot from which our carriage had just moved. On my enquiring the reason of her agitation, she excitably exclaimed, " Look there I" pointing to the foot of the steps. When I declared I saw nothing, she seemed completely unnerved, and implored me to take her home. Poor Violet clung to me closely, passionately exclaiming that if I did not do so at once she knew she would die, and,"finding remonstrance only increased her distress, I thought it best to do as she wished., Whilst in the carriage I could not get an explanation, as my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on otuj arrival I had tb: support her into her room. There, when she appeared better, I requested her to explain hsr extraordinary conduct. In an awed, almost scared voice Violet informed me that on entering the Hotel she had heard the sound of sledge bells, and on turning to see who had arrived, had perceived the same mysterious man who had caused her so much terror the previous year in Scotland. There he was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and using the same warning , gestures. I tried to reason with her and impress upon her the great offence her absence', would probably cause on such an occasion. For some time she was quite impracticably bat seeing at last how much in earnest I ' was, my dear little wife evidently made '«r great effort and consented to return with me, fill the same I felt quite grieved to notioa' what change this strange occurrence bad - made in her, the shrinking, pale lady I. WatiT now conducting to the carriage being indeed avery different person to the brilliant, joyous beauty of a short time before. Just as we were abont to set foot in the carriage a ~ terrible explosion was heard, and a few minutes later the fearful news hid circulated through the city that the Hotel . where the ball was being given, had been blown to the ground (it was supposed by Nihilists}, : and not a soul there had escaped.' . ^ 