CHAPTER XI. AUSTRALIA—St. THE BUSH, Carmeline awoke from a troubled Bleep un rerreahed, and with her awakening came a sense of her utter desolation, more poignant than the agony she felt when the stunning blow of the fatal news first came to her on shipboard. . ~ For days she moved on as in a dream— torpid, listless, despairing. At last came a letter from the gold diggings at Ballarat. The JoneseB were trying their fortune there, and they needed help in the housekeeping. They offered Carmeline bed, board and wages for her domeBtio services. She felt that she muBt go to work, not only to support herself, for- her money was fast; ebbing away, but that she needed employ ment as a diversion from brooding over her bereavement. She answered the letter, ac cepting the offer, and announcing that she would go through with the first conveyance that left Melbourne under escort, for evil characters loitered about tho track of emi grants, and more than one family had been plundered by bushrangers, bo that it was not' safe to*venture on the'traok without the pro tection of the armed and mounted police. In a few days the opportunity occurred, and she secured a place in a wagon belonging to one Mike Mulligan, who, with his wife and two children, were bound for the gold district. When she had paid her fare and settled with her landlady she found she had left thirty pounds sterling. This was none too mnoh for i B reeervo land in a country where a lew flays £ illness would absorb even a larger amount. j Carmelino was very ill when she took leave , of Mrs. Murdookaon, her kind- hearted land- j lady, who urged her to postpone her journey, but her feverish impatience to obtain some- , thing like a homo in a strange land urged her forward. . , . . f •i'na distance to be traversed was about ( eighty miles, but as there were bullock teams , in the train, tho progress of the oaravan was f necessarily slow; moreover,tho road in Borne places was deep and difficult, and tho emi- ( grants could only hope to reach their desti nation in four or five days. _ ] It was a motley, procession of mounted men, tilt-carts, Jand heavy baggage wagons, some of them piled with household furniture. , The escort consisted of a dozen well-mounted j and well-armed polioemen, with revolvers in their beitB, repeating oarbines slung at their | hacks, and helmets on their heads. When , they reached a suitable spot at night, they encamped and bivouacked in tho open air. j It was no pleasure trip. At frequent inter- j vals the emigrants had to traverse swamps of stioky mud that olung to the wheels of the i wagons like glue. ' They, passed through forests savage and dense. Sometimes they , saw traces of great bush-fires that had swept j the country with devouring flames, leaving ( here and there great tracts of dead, scorched ] trees, that loomed up in the night against the starry Bky like ghastly skeletons. Sometimes j a huge fallen tree barred the road, and it was i necessary either to hew it to pieces and re move it or' to flank it by turning into miry - fields by tho road-side. _ i ' "In crossing a tributary of the Yarra River, Michael Mulligan met with a misfortune. . His wagon broke down, and his jaded horses refused to move a step further. He vainly | fought to procure other animals to enable ( him to keep pace with the train. Every horse and ox in the caravan had as muoh as | they could do already; many of tho draught animals had broken down, and all the spare j ones had been forced into harness. ] -' The utmost that could be done for the un fortunate family was to take them on in one i of the baggage wagons. But Mike and his j wife could not abandon the cart. It contained - their little all. Nor would Carmeline leave them in their distress. - She had conceived ] an affection for these poor hoaest people. . Though-they did not urge her, she knew that ] they would be rejoiced to have her stay with i them. After all, what was .one night passed out of doors under a benefioont Australian sky ? Some of the emigrants went to work and got Mike’s wagon out of the bed of the stream and drew it to a dry place by the road-side. > The horses did not need to be hobbled; they were too tired to stray. By the time this job was finished the rear of the column had disappeared over the brow of an adjoining hill. The good-natured emigrants who had lingered behind Bhook hands with Mike and then started to regain t. Mike’s wife sat down on a roek and had a good ory; while Carmelino played with the children and Mike lit his pipe. After this solace the man went to work.and succeeded in a few hours in repairing his wagon. But the horses were still unfit for work, and night was coming on. • Mike thought that they could manage to sleep comfortably enough under tho canvas oover of'tbs cart, but ho expressed a childish fear of " IionB, tigers, zebras. aiiigutorn, - nc* all thim haythen animals that go roarin’ round seelrin’ somebody to devour.” Carmelino, who was not so ignorant of the zoology of Australia, assured him that he;had nothing to fear on that account,for such dan gorous animals were unknown. « Sure, thin, it’s a blissed country, miss," was his reply. “St. Patriok must have taken it in his way when he came to dhrive thim varmints ont of ould Ireland into the Carmeline took him aside. « Mike,” she said, “ there are those who are more dangerous than wild beasts and reptiles.” “ Ghosts and banshees, miss ?" "No, no, Mike; but bad men—thieves, bushrangers. You will have to watch to night. Are you armed ?" “ Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an Ameri can six-shooter as money can buy.” ««I hope you will have no occasion to use it. But I would mako no fire. Wo can dispense with tea and coffeo.” Following Csrmeline’s advico, the little party made a meal on cold meat and bread, and then crept under the cover of the cart and arranged themselves as well as they oonld for the night—an anxious one, whioh passed, however, without incident. At dawn of day the harsh screams of a hundred cockatoos, making a music like the rasping of a thousand giant saws, awoke them. Other birds joined in — magpies, leatherhcadB, and laughing jackasses. Green, red, and blue parrots flew from branch to branch of tho forest. Tall cranes Btalked along the banks of the river, or Btood motion less beside it. Mike had not paBBed a sleepless night. Poor fellow 1 he was tired out, and had taken more than one nap, grasping his revolver, however. With the opening of day his toil recommenced. The horses, refreshed by a night’s rest, and by eating their fill of a short, sweet grass, were in a good con dition. The cart would hold together, pro vided there were no more bad plaoes to cross. . So they made a hearty meal, harnessed the team, and resumed their maroh. After a short distance the road became bordered by beautiful flowers, and Carmeline alighted to pluok some, telling the Malligans to keep on and she would soon overtake them. There were yellow everlastings, buttercups, larkspurs, lobelias, orebisses, and a boautiful flower like tho star of Bethlehem whioh she \- had nevu* uwu bolwa.—P—fond of flowars—those moBt delioate gifts ol Heaven— the young widow was lured bom spot to spot by their fasoination. She left the beaten book and strnok into the woods, attracted by some orimson or snowy beauty peeping from the grass. She did not go far, however, When Bhe had gathered an armful of flowers, enough to oo cupy the children for hours in making bouquets and coronals, she harried baok to wards the road, as she thought. But it is eaBy to lose one’s self in the Aus-; tralian bush, and lost she soon discovered that she was. She cried aloud, straining her lungs to the utmost. “ Mike 1 Mike 1” Alas! only the discordant cries of cocka toos and parroquets answered her. “Mikel Mikel” she cried again and again, and then stopped and listened. There was a rustling and crackling in the bushes, and then two savage-looking men, with shaved heads and tattered clothes,_ look ing indeed like wild beasts, made their ap pearance. Eaoh of them carried a stout stick in his hand. “ Can we do anything to serve yon, mum? asked one of them, duoking his head with civility. - i controlled her terror, and answered : have lost my way, sir. If you guide the road, you will earn my thanks.’-’ Fben one gets lost in the bush,” said the :sman of the two, “ it’s a matter of life leatb. Thanhs is well enough. “But orth money to find the trail again.* 'll pay you liberally, ’ said Carmeline, ae’s got money,” said the fiiBt_ ruffian companion. The other winked. rell. mum, I’m agreeable to act as " said the man. “Follow ns, my ler. Wo know the buBh. This way. • 3v broke la way for Oarmelme through ense undergrowth. But they lea her snoh a distance that she became alarmed; she knew the road could not be so far off, and when they had reached a beaten track she halted. “Does not this path lead to the main road ?’’ she asked. “ Yes’um. Turn to the right and yon will soon Btrike it,” answered the man she bad addressed. We’d go with you, but me and my pal has retired from public life and never show ourselves to our contemporaries." “ I will now pay you for your service?,"said Carcuciine. “ Yes’um. The regular fee for guidin’ a hindividual out of the bush is two pounds.” “ Two pounds I" “ Two pounds, mum, regular, But when a lady’s in the case, wa dcducks half on it. Hand bover one ponnd mum, it you please.” Unfortunately all Carmeline’s money was together, and ohe had to produce her little roll of notea. “ Seeing is having 1” shouted the foremost ruffian, and he snatched the treasure out of her hand. Not heeding her piteous cry,the two villians ■sprang into the bush. To turn to the right and fly along the path with the Bpeed of the fawn was Carmeline’s instant action. But to her horror, at a turn of the path the ruffianB again confronted Halt 1” cried the man who had done all the talking, brandishing his club. •* You are our lawful prize.” Carmeline shrieked aloud for help, though well awaro of the hopelessness of human “ Give her a rap over the knowledge-box,” said the eeoond ruffian. “All right,” replied bis oomrade, and a terriblo blow laid her senseless on the ground. “ I swear,’’said the assailant, as he atooped to lift her, “ I believe I’ve killed her 1” “ Hark 1". cried his comrade, lifting a warn ing fiDger. •“ The gallop of a horse 1 We’re lost 1” ' The other villain dropped the lifeless girl, and, following the lead of hie accomplice, plunged into the thorny thickets, through which they writhed their way like serpents. It was no false alarm. The bushrangers made their escape just before a stout man, well-mounted, with a repeating rifle slung at his back, came thundering up the forest path. At sight of the stunned and- bleeding woman he threw his horss on his haunches by a pull at the powerful curb and flung him self from the saddle. The trained animal stood like a statue. “More of these villains’ bloody work!” said the horseman as he bent over Carmelinu. “ Thauk Heaven, they left it unfinished. Her life may yet be saved.” He ran to a brook, dipped up some water in the orown of hie soft hat, hastened back, andbathed the face of the unfortunate woman. Shn muttered some-incoherent words, opened and shut her eyes. When ho raised her from the ground, she struggled with him a moment, and then her muscles relaxed. Carefully raising her, he mounted, holding lier in his arms as tenderly as if she had been a sleeping infant, while at a word his horse struck into a gentle canter. Two or three miles of riding on the velvet turf brought them to a olcgjing, and then passing through a gate in jcfstcckade fence, up n gentle slopejalong aumvotme of acnoias, to a rude but comfortable? farm- hou3e, with out-lying buildings scattered round. There wa3 an of freshness about everything, the house and fencings, which showed that it be longed to a reoent settler. A hearty old lady came to the door to wel come him, but turned pale and held up her hand3 when Bhe beheld his strange burden— a young woman, apparently lifeleaa, her face bathed in blood; “Mother,” said the horseman, solemnly, “behold your oharge 1” “Who haa done this cruel thing?" asked the old lady, as she reoeived Carmelina into her arms. “Who but the bushrangers? But those vermin shall be hunted from the face of the 