CHAPTER XI. DEATH IS LIFE. It was about three in the afternoon when Rounce reached the hill overlooking the Trodd valley. The river flat seemed quite deserted. Everything was quiet and still. She rode down the elope of the bill, and, after a little hesitation, tied her horse up to a clump of ti-tree, and crossing the bridge on foot, made her way towards the bat It was a courageous proceeding to venture into the camp alone and unprotected, and brave as she was-she could not help shuddering aa she peered in. "There has been somebody here," she murmured in a terrified whisper. "The blankets are gone, and the bag of stores. Goodness me! he must have been here." She was a bold girl, but the thought of Lobo being perhaps actually near made her heart palpitate, and without further ado she eathered up the skirt of her riding-habit in both hands, and fairly ran away. She never stayed her flight until she had crossed the river and reached her horse; She was about to unhitch the reins from the branch when a light sound, striking on her ear, caused her to drop her hands suddenly and listen. " It's an accordeon," she whispered, with a . white face. "It must be him. There's nobody else can playJike that" She stood listening; the music stopped, and then commenced afresh in a wilder strain. " Oh, heavens !" she cried, " what shall I do? Shall I go? I might discover something of Arnold. But I am terrified at the thought ot meeting that man-and alone. What shall I do? What shall I do? It's coining from up the river. What can he be doing there? They were not working there. What can it mean? Perhaps Arnold is there. Perhaps I will find out Yes, God in heaven aid me; 1 will risk all for Arnold's sake;" The brave girl raised her eyes to heaven, bright with heroic love, and murmured a prayer for help and protection; then, without giving herself time for hesitation, she walked softly in (he direction from which the strains proceeded. It was not difficult to follow the sounds, for At every step she took they became more distinct She made her way up stream, along i/4p9 narrow footway between 4he river and foe cliffs. She WAS a true bush woman, and 'tubed through the dense scrub with sur- i .pifitelgAgUitjr and stealthinesa ? jifSjagth aro atopped. The sounds had fired and distinct Where she towards the base was bare t : will «rf iY'fTrtr wtH tbene small fissures , voice that made her Bhudder broke the ] silence. " This shall be the Inst I have read every word, but the books tell me nothing. One j last trial to rid me of this-this-thing; and if it fail, then, by hell! Arnold Golt, your ghost may haunt me for ever." At the mention of her _ lover's name, Rounce's heart beat with violence. What ] could it mean? SVas he there in the cave? Perhaps a prisoner-perhaps bound and helpless, kept there by that terrible man. But what could he mean by speaking of Arnold's ghost ? Was her lover dead then? Or was he going to kill him? What could she do to save Arnold ? What could Bhe do a poor, weak, helplesas woman? In her dreadful anxiety and fear slit raised herself higher and higher, and tried to peer into the cave. But the scarped side of the rock and the matted bushes intervened; she could only see a few feet into it "It can't be worse than it is now." said the voice, breaking upon the silence again. "Ghost or spirit-I don't care which. One more effort and it shall end one way_ or the other. This very night shall settle it, and then I wfll take the gold and leave this cursed country for ever. Yes, one more trial and the last" The voice stopped once again, but only momentarily. " The gold! I will get it now whilst it is light. I mayn't want to go near the place atterwards. Yes, I will dig it up now, and have it ready ; then there will be nothing to stop me." The cirl had hardly time to draw back into the ti-tree before the Goan came out If he j had been less occupied with his own thoughts -less assured of the secre9y of his hiding place, he must have seen her, for she was not more than an arm's length from him as he came out But her dark habit did not ] catch his eye in the deep shadows of the ti tree, and he passed on unconscious of her presence. She listened to his retreating foot- ^ steps, and then stood up. She feared to i think what dark horror might await her in the cave, but she determined to dare all for Arnold's sake. " Merciful Heaven protect me!" she prayed in a terrified whisper, standing before the dark opening. "Aid me to find out what j this dreadful mystery is." She scrambled through the bushes and stood inside the cave. There, stretched out on a blanket 011 a rocky ledge, lay Arnold, to all appearance dead. Her llret impulse was to rush away from the horrible sight, but her feet seemed rooted to the spot Then, her | fright overcome, she threw herself down by the side of the motionless body in a burst of anguished weeping. "Arnold ! Arnold! Ob, my love! my love!" The words broke from her in piercing tones. Terror and dismay-all thought of herself, of Lobo, of the danger she tan, vanished before her overmastering grief. She bent down and kisaed the colourless lips. But what was it that made her spring to her feet? Was it a dream, or could it be that those pallid lips were not quite cold and dead ? She had seen death before. She had been with her father during his last moments. She had kissed the dead lips. But this was' not the same. Arnold's lips were not cold and hard. Hardly conscious of what she did, ahe slipped her hand inside his shirt At first she could feel nothing ; all was chill and still. But gradually she thought she felt a slight movement of the heart She took her hand away and then replaced it Yes, she was sure it was there-faint and almost imperceptible, but an unmistakable beat She remembered that she had a small mirror in the pocket of her habit, and she blessed the feminine vanity that prompted her to carry it She held it over the mouth of the pros trate figure, with a palpitating eagerness that caused the hand that grasped it to shake. Then she drew it away and looked at it A slight moisture dimmed the glass. "Thank God ! Oh, thank God ! He cannot be dead." At that moment, as she knelt over the corpse-like form, a sound outside caused her to start to her feet apprehensively. " He's coming back. Oh ! what shall I do to protect Arnold-to guard the little life left? Oh, Heaven ! help me." She did not think of herself-of the danger she ran should she be discovered. Her sole thought was of him. But the crashing sound in the undergrowth grew nearer and nearer, and warned her that if she would escape no time must be lost She bent down with a hasty, terrified gesture, and pressed her warm lips once again to Arnold's cold ones. "I will stay near you and watch. If he tries to harm you, I will beg and pray for him to kill me instead. We can only die together if the worst comes." She was about to glide out, but nil at once drew back with a sudden shrinking. The steps were almost upon her ; they sounded so near, she felt she must be seen. Escape was cut off. She gave one despairing glance around, and a projecting buttress of rock at the back of the cave caught her eye. The time for action was snort indeed, for ligbo was at the very entrance. Quick as lightning the girl darted to the back jiSf the cave and bid behind the buttress. She stood in deep shadow, completely hidden. She drew her long skirt about her, and stood motionless. She was too terrified to peer out, but she heard Lobo scrambling through the entrance, and drop something heavy on the ground. Then his voice broke the silence. ~ "There's a storm coining up, and a black one too. It'll be a devil of a night if it don't clear off. What shall I do? 1 don't want to have to stop out all night in it I'll wait to see if it's going to clear." By the noise he made Rounce thought that he had seated himself on the ground, and peeping cautiously out she saw him squatted near the entrance, with bis back towards her and Arnold. It was, no doubt, from some overpowering feeling of loneliness that the man spoke aload. His voice soon came again to the listening girl's ears. "Two hundred and fifty ounces-ftgoodish pile. In India it wonld make a rich man of me. There's only this one thing now. That girl-I give her up; nil I want is to rid myself of this-this-thing, and go away from this cursed Australia. To-day shall decide it It Bhail be a dead man's spirit or nothing." The girl saw him take a small volume from inside nis shirt and turn over the leaves. slowly.. Bat his reading did not continne long, for after a short time spent in perusal, he put it away and rose tp his feet r. <rIt tells me nothing-nothing at alL This tranoe is beyond me. I don't onderstana it Ha! it's becoming blacker outside. lbe storm will soon break. Even this horrible cave is better than nothing on Aftormy night" ? 1 He looked out through the opening, bend ing bade some ot the boshes to gain a better net. ... The afternoon was grsdaslly waning, end evening coming on. Heavy cloudswere gathering in the sky. A strange^ stillness seemedto brood In die the storm, / Lobo let go the bushes and turned back into the cave. , . , " It'll be a wild night-a feariul wild night. But 1 can't Btny here. This silence and lone liness is making a woman o£ me. No, I w stop in this devil's hole any longer. Ilia , that thing may comeback at any moment, and frighten me out of my life. 1 want a | good stiff nobbier lo put lite into me. otor n or no storui, I'll finish my work, and end it one way or the other." _ It had become dark msulo the cave so dark that Hounce could hardly discern tue moving figure of the Goan. ,, lie stood in the midst of shadows, hardly , distinguishable from the obscurity arounu. The sharp angles ot the rocks were laintiy I discernible. Lobo struck a match, and lit a candle, fixing it on a ledge just above where Arnold lay. At that moment alow peal o thunder was heard, and the entering wiuil made the llaine lliclter. , " I'll wait no lonuer," cried Lobo. une more try, and if I fail this time then I will 1 kill him. If he is beyond my power, then it shall be in-death." Staring out from the shadowy cover, the horrified Rounce Baw Lobo rise to his lull height and pass his arms over the unconscious body of her lover. She watched him with a fearful fascination, as he waved them to and J fro, up and down. She did not understand ; what was taking place ; she only knew that there, in the half-light, with a terrible ex-1 pression of anxiety and eagerness on his face, fie was standing over poor Arnold, labouring at 6ome dreadful task. She could have shrieked aloud; everything was so mysterious, so terrible, she was almost beside horselt with fright. . The llame flickered. Moving phadows mingled and separated on the walls of the cavern, keeping time with the Goan 8 gestures. . When she looked out again, he was stand ing back. Ilis arms had fallen to his side, and a terrible louk was on his fuce-such a one as 6he saw when he rushed headlong from the sitting-room at home. "Again," he muttered breathlessly- It] comes again, that fearful shape.. All is then no good. I fail again. It shall be for the last time." Ilis eyes were fixed on vacancy, his trem bling hand fumbled at his belL The watch ing girl followed the direction of his gaze, but there was nothing there-nothing but the bare rock and the changing shadows. "Again !" he muttered. '' What can it be; Spirit-ghost ? 1 used to laugh at such things, but now-oh ! horrible." lie was silent for a moment, and then continued. " It does not stir, but stands there deathlike and still. What can it be ? Can it be his spirit-his soul, perhaps? Ilavel any power over it ? Can I command it too?" lie raised his arms towards the spot on which his gaze was fixed with so _ much in tensity, and waved them fantastically, but very soon let them drop to his side, and ] shrank back with an exclamation of de spair. " It does not move," he muttered shulder ingly, '"It's horrible. 1 will eud it one way or the other." He put his hand to his belt. When he raised it again Hounce saw to her horror that j he had drawn a knife. In her desperation Hounce forgot all, caution, and stepped from behind the but- j tress. The movement caught the Goan's ear, deeply as he was pre-occupieiL He turned mechanically. Lo ! what did he see A new terror-a pale face standiug out by itself in the gloom-staring eyes, parted lips, dis hevelled hair-a iace without a body, an an-, earthly apparition. For, clad as Hounce was j in a black riding habit, her form was indis tinguishable in the dimness of the cavern, and the light of the caudle-flame fell only upon her countenance. The distracted, bewildered, terrified Goan uttered a piercing scream-stayed not to thiuk or examine-dropped the knife, and tied. , R tunce also screamed, and dropped faint ing to the ground. The Goan. fled to escape from the horrors peopling the fearful cave-the spectral face, the unearthly shriek, the ghostly shade which had been ever haunting him. Unconscious of what he was doing, heedless of the direc tion he was taking, eager only to escape, he dashed into the scrub, struggling through the underwood, striking the trunks of trees, stumbling over logs into pitfalls, scrambling out again, tripped up by exposed roots, falling, recovering his feet, and ever rushing j wildly, madly on. Once he fell into the stream, was carried under, came to the surface, climbed op the bank, and was off again. The storm raged, but he did not mark the lightning or the thunder, lie struck against Bome huge beast-what, he did not observe- Rounce's horse, which wrenched his bridle off the ti-tree, and weut off crash ing through the timber. Lobo saw nothing but the spectral face, heard nothing but the shriek still sounding in his ear*. Appearing for an instant on the ridge, he plunged down into the ravine, as cended tne steep on the far side, his heart beating, his temples throbbing, pant ing, pausing for breath when he reached more open ground, catching right vaguely of a pathway among the heavy timber, and bounding away in a new direction. A tall bare gam-tree, which had long been dead, stood by the track he was now pursuing. Lobo recognised it at he was drawing near, and shuddered. A dazzling blase of intense light obliged him to slacken pace. It was fallowed in stantaneously by a terrifying peal. Lobo staggered, recovered, and looked np! The trunk of the old tree gaped from the top downwards, and a bony skeleton was grinning down upon him ! The tomb of the mate be bad murdered years before stood wide open! 