WORDS OF WISDOM. Virtue, liku sunshine, works its own sweet miracles. Public opinion is a grim ghost that haunts ' the bravest. . Lovo is the ono master wlio can role and . bind without danger or disgrace. Polish is easily added if tho foundations aro strong; but no amount of gilding will be of nso : if your timber is not sound, A quiet lite often makes itself feltxn better' ways tlun one sees that the world sees an applauds ; und somo of tlio nohlosb are novcr known till thoy end, leaving a void in many hearts. « Submission nud sclf-sacrifico aro stern sod nugclsfbut in time one learns to know and. love them, for when they have chastened thoy ' uplift and bless, 1' aithfulncss in littlo things fits for heroism when t)ic great trials come. A man who is made up of dry statistics and and pet scientific theories is good material for scientific Pharisceiem— one of tho worst de velopments of intellectual egotism audiutoler- Wiso men are instructed by reason ; men of less understanding by experience; tlio most ignoraut by necessity and beasts by nature. May we consider each night as the tomb of tho departed day, aud seriously leaning over it read the inscription written by conscience, of its character and exit. Enjoy thu blessings of this day, if God sends them, aud tiio evils bear paticutly and swcutly, for this day only is ours ; we are dead to yester day and are not born to to-morrow. War can liardly bu waged between two great nations, without extending beyond thera. Tiio ' fire of war naturally spreads, tho truo 'principle ' of a nation, as of an iudivduol, is, to suffer wrong rather than do it. The wisest and happiest man, is he, who by constant attention to thought, discovers tho greatest opportunity of doing good, and with ardentaud animated resolution, brcakB through overy opposition that he may improvo th'cso opjxirfcunities. '' Words should never bo spokeu too fast, they never result to anytJiing good. A man with quick tember will show bis character by bis words, wherever bo ii». Ho will always bo disliked by his fellow men. Never eay any- thing in baste, for a word onco spoken caunot. . bo recalled. ! 