NATURAL HISTORY AT THE COLONIAL EXHIBITION. (BY DBI J. E. TAIIOB, P.G.S., &C;,, EDITOR ON1" SCIENCE GOSSIP.") LONDON, JOSE 4. I sometimes wish when undertaking to write on scientific subjects, that I were 20 years younger. I knew so much more then-or thought I did, which came to the same thing and I was so cock-sure on everything I wrote about. Alas, the years have brought the philosophic mind, which is of little use to newspaper editors, who want something readable. Such are my thoughts as I saunter round this tig show, wanting (like an honest man) actually to write something readable, and yet to have that readable something up to the scientific mark. If occasionally I suffer from that mental aberration which effects all men of genius, and would rather perform the op posite task to the one set me, I feel sure that my female readers at least will acquit me. rhus, the idea which haunts me as I stroll through these endless corridors and courts, and behold the men, and women, and poli ticians who are staring, laughing, yawning, mating, drinking, talking, boring, and other wise enjoying themselves, is-how much better an article I could write on " unnatural history" than the job I have in hand. The artistic skill of Mr. Howland Ward, the Regent-street prince of animal stuffers, has been largely called in to prepare the various creatures which here illustrate the zoology of Grreater Britain. The crowds which always gather in front of a " trophy " near the grand entrance show plainly enough there is some ihing extra to be seen. It is a remarkable spec tacle-never before attempted, certainly not squalled-a realistic figer-huuting scene in the [ndian jungle. An elephant has come upon a jroup of tigers in the long grass, and wounded >ne of them. In revenge another tiger has eapt upon the elephant, and is holding on to ;he base of its trunk with tooth and claw, .vhilst the remaining tigers are slinking svway with catlike ferp.city "and terror, AU the iniinals are stuffed, even the elephant, and the scene would be' inteqsely dramatic if the com missioners had consulted optical effects. As it s, the sheet-glass in front of the " trophy" icts as a reflecting mirror, from the lower part )f which the lookers on see themselves, whilst /he upper part reveals the elephant's head and ;he attached tiger. -Pepper's "ghost" was not i greater optical illusion than this unfortunate irrangement of lights. The other side of the same .. trophy" suffers learly as much from the'same drawback, other ,vise it Is a' splendid and effective representa ;ion of an ordinary scene in an Indian jungle ; md it has been made the occasion for adroitly introducing the characteristic wild animals and birds of East India to the visitor. Huge snakes ire intertwined among creeping plants, w^ose stems are as snake-like as ^ecpselves, and suggest mimetic associations ; peacocks and iunglp'fdwl are flying and exhibiting their bril liant plumage; rows of green monkeys are perched on the branches of the trees, evidently engaged in discussing the universal Home Rule question ; buffaloes, black-buck{ sambuf Jeer, hog deer, bears, &c.;, are ^stributed through the interweaving vegetation," The foreground is occupied with wounaed boars, evidently seeking refuge. A'cheetah is in the a,ct of bringing down a deer. The homed sheep (ovi's amv^onj stands ofl t^e craggy heights above ; a Qouple p| alligators, are just emerging froifl tlje watery and chaotic swamp bejqw. Whilst I am mentioning this class of ex hibits, I may as well refer to the natural history objects in the Ceylon Court. The most striking is a group of leopards, arranged by Mr. Ward. An " elephant trophy," hard by, . is very attractive. It consists of tfte head and fore-part of a. "^ogue" elephant.' Several, specimens oi elephant skulls,' tusks, are also shown ;'fp? the elephant' is a Singhalese' institution, and no exhibition waul.4 fee Gom., plete without it, ' Now, I think, T ain fairly entitled to bring m-thf| Australian scenes. Of those exhibited by Victoria and South Australia I incline to the latter as being both artistically and zoologically superior to the former. 1 have briefly referred to both before, and our illus trated papers have honoured them by repro duction. The Victorian forest scene, however, will improve by keeping. On ray second visit I found it looking better and fresher than when I first saw it. The tree ferns, grass-trees, gums, &c.;, had grown luxuriantly, and the common ground ferns had masked the mimetic attempts of man to reproduce in London a bit of Victorian forest. The animals (kangaroos especially) are somewhat angular and groggy. Their combined appearance is that of general festivity, associated with the fact that London does not agree with them. One is always sure to find plenty of people admiring, or rather gazing, upon these various Australian realistic scenes. You can see that more than half the spectators have relatives under the "Southern Cross," and they imagine this is the sort of thing their relatives are accustomed to. As a matter of fact I found people in Melbourne wh- - born there and had never were on the gther »- _"clI out of it; and, «,una, I met good, honest ...vwveswho lived in the country and had never been to Melbourne in their lives, although less than 50 miles away. Human I nature is not much altered by 12,000 miles separation. _____________ Two little boys, named respectively Bertie and George Jennings, whose joint ages would probably total a dozen years, were brought before the Brighton Police-court yesterday morning, charged by the police with placing stones (metal ballast) and other obstructions on the rails of the Brighton railway line. The children were accom panied by the father. When asked why they did this the boys answered that they liked to see the train jump. The children were too young to punish in any ordinary manner, and weie dismissed, upon the promise o{ the father to soundly whip the boys. 