A Long1 Time Ago. [By Pes Bitrrii.] No 2. Coloninl hotel life in the early “ fifties” - loro n marked contrast to hotel life in the nothor country, and decidedly in favor of he latter. No jolly landlord and buxom amllady to greet you, and obsequious ser vants to do your bidding. Oh the con trary, it was “ catch who catch can;" and lack for the time being was better than lis master. The Royal was no better ban its fellows, but if not exactly a haven >f rest, we. round it a harbor of refuge. The company, ns may be easily im agined, was considerably mixed, linlf-n lozen ship captains whose crews had de serted them, and left them with their ships done in their glory, as many “ new chums” is had the means and could be accommo lated with some kind of n “ shakedown.” l'he company (with the exception of the forlorn captains) yras a constantly chang ing one. The first pilgrims lost no time in making arrangements for their depar ture to the Eldorado of their imagination. To the bachelor this wns no very difficult natter, but it was very dilferent with the nan who had brought out his family with ilim. To take them with him was almost impossible, and their proper bestowel dur ing his nbsenco wns a rare problem. Amongst the guests at the Royal were a young Frenchman and his wife, the latter a true “ Purisienne.” One morning at breakfast the gentleman appeared in the orthodox blue shirt, moleskins and knee boots, accompanied by a charming little boy similarly attired. It was some min utes before we discovered in the trim little figure of the latter the person of the cap tivating “ madame.” They started off after breakfast for Forest Creek, with light hearts and, I believe, lighter pockets, midst the adieus aud good wishes of all assembled; and so passed out of my sight for ever. The Royal—typical of old Mel bourne—was soon to be improved out of existence, for after a brief occupancy by Mr Hickling, (father of the gentleman of that name so well known as Oriental Rank manager at Becehworth), an ad venturous American named Moorse became the landlord, and demolishing most parts of the old building, erected in its place the then finest hotel in the Australian colonies, the Criterion. Hero it was that the majority of the Melbournitcs first made the acquaintance of that strange creature, the Yankee “ bar tender,” radiant in snow white shirt and collar with diamond (or paste) studs, well fitting hlack cloth pants and patent leather boots, redolent of Row lands Maccassar, and patchouli; if not ex actly “ bearded like the panl,” still full of strange oaths which, alas ! soon found an abiding place in the vocabulary of the im pressionable youths who heard them. Then were make known to us the seduc tive qualities of the gin sling, the cocktnil, the corpse reviver, tho Jenny Lind, the CWon Charlotte, and a-host of other squl. ancf body destroying umms. xne simple minded Englishman would look with awe at the dexterity into which such a martyr of his art as “ Bill Stephens” would mani pulate a cocktail. At first ho dealsgently with it. and as it trickles from glass to glass it is like tho soft music of one of “ Beethoven’s Sonatos.” Then ft waxes fiercer and fiercer, like tho rails of Niagara, and the grand finale is reached ns he sends the fluid from glass to glass over his shouldorswithoutspillinga drop. Ameri can bars soon began to multiply, and the one next in popularity, if not equal to tho Critcron, was the Union in Bourko Street, opened by Thomas Twisden Hodges, M.P. for South Kent, and first cousin to the now reigning Governor, Sir Charles Hotharn, K.C.B. Sir Charles wns a quarter-deck mnrtinet, and a particularly unbending man, so that it must hare been very galling to him to bo hailod from the door of the Union by its worthy landlord with a “ Good morn ing, Charley," which I have witnessed on more than one occasion. Mr Hodges, although doing a tremendous trade, pro fited little by it. The same cannot bo said of his servants, they wore all right. So the Union soon changed hands, and Mr Hodges, nfter taking to himself a wifo in the person of Lady Roso Nott, speedily returned to the land of hops, leaving many friends behind him The theatre goes fresh with the mem ories of Macready, Kean, Paul Bedford, and Wright; Covcnt Garden, the Hay market and Sadlers Wells found but a poor substitute in the old Queens, then the sole temple of Thespis in Melbourne. The lesecs, Messrs Hydes nnd Young, though good actors, were but poorly sup ported, excepting in tbe person of Mrs Charles Young, afterwards to become so well known on the London stage ns Mrs Horrnnn Vezin. The stngo appointments were of the most primitive description, and one set of scenes in its time plnyed many parts. Numorous are tho ludicrous stories that could be told of tho queer shifts that had to be resorted to in tbe stage mechnnism. On one occasion, during tho representation of Hamlet, tho ghost had to make his nppenrnneo through a trap-door in the stage, hauled up with a rope and pulley, the trap- door being fnstened from below when he reached the stage. Now, under ordinary circumstances this could be managed without any ri diculous result, but on the occasion in question a bibulous sailor manned the rope, nnd instead of letting tho poor ghost rest gently on the trap door, must take two or three more pulls at the rope, which not only upset his ghostship, but Hamlet’s apostrophe of “Angles and ministers of grace defend us I” which the actor de livered in n loud guffaw, in which ho wns joined by the entire house. The Cham bers family appeared at this house,: and established themselves as prime favori\Us\ not the least Miss Chambers, known now as Mrs Geo. Lyon, late of Beechworth. But a change in matters, theatrical .was immi nent. That prince of caterers for public amusement, Geo. Coppin, camo over from Adelaide and took the Queen’s Theatre. Rumors soon flew about that a grand company was coming from London, and huge placards, with the words George Brook, were seen oh every hoarding about Melbourne, and it was soon known that the then rising young actor,' accompanied by Miss Fanny Cathcart, Mr and Mrs Heir and others, were about to take up their abode amongst us. Soon the old Queens proved itself far too small or the accommodations of the thousands vho wished to see and hear G. V. Brook ind his company. A penniless adventure lomed John Black had forsccn this, and 'ound some confiding victims to help him n securing a site and raising a theatre vliich should be a credit to Melbourne and lie Southern Hemisphere. So the first L’heatrc Royal was erected in Bottrkc dreet, on ground belonging to Mr Edmond Vsldoy. Poor Brook too was seized with lie mania for theatre building and erected he Olympic (commonly called' the Iron Pot), at the corner of Lonsdale and Stephen streets, and there lost all lie was worth. Afterwards came the Princess in Spring-street—a huge barnlike building of wood, in which Rowe’s circus performed, nul later on Adelaide o’ Joey Gotigcn lieim appeared, and drove to destrnction tiic susceptible youth of those days. The Theatre Royal after Black's defections roll into good hands, and there wo have seen, never to forget, Brook in his round of Shnkesporian characters, lightened by the “ Serious Family," “ O’Onllaghan.on Ids Inst legs,” &c; ,&c.; We have listenod to the warblings of Kate Ilnyes, Madam Carandini, Sara Flower and others in opera, and witnessed the terpsichorcan (lights of Lola Monte/, in the '‘spider” dance, which so shocked the deliente feelings of the then mayor, John Thomas Smith.—Rcqui excat in jiacc. Concerts were at first confined in the Mechanics Institute Hall, now the Athemeum, in Collins-strcet Enst; but with the erection of the Criterion a larger room was provided, and prom made concerts were introduced there by Winterbottom, assisted by the band of the 40th regiment, then stationed in Melbourne. Such vocalists ns Mesdmnes Carandini and Sara Flower, and Miss OctaviaHamilton; while little “ Lavenu” presided at the piano. These concerts were a favorite resort of the American merchants and their clerks, nnd familiar figures were those of George Francis Train and his clerk, Lieut. Torrcy. The latter died only the other day a Colonel in the American army, after having held for some yearB the position of a Rajah in Borneo, holding sway over the destinies of two millions of subjects. Air G. F. Train, I believe, is still alive, but a mental wreck, He it was, (I believe) who introduced street tramways into London; but his after acts were not always so sane, nnd gained him an unenviable notoriety. King Cobb was another familar. figure ; he was then clerk in Adam’s and Coy’s, express office, and his name now is imperishably associated with stage coaching in Australia. It was (to English eyes) a strange but pleasant sight to behold the perfect cqunlity and fnmiliarity that that existed lxitwccn the American em ployer and employed, and very seldom did the latter abuse the privilege. The work of the day was none the less per formed because the evoning amusements were shared togotlior. After listening to a song or two, and hearing a solo on tho basoon. bv Winterbottom they would per haps strool to the top of Bourke-streetT where they would find Raynor’s serenaders or Burton’s circus located in the Snlle de Valentino, an adjournment to Pond’s cellars for a slight supper would bring tho evening’s amusement to a close. Pond afterword’s joined Spiers, nnd after doing well in Melbourne the firm opened in London, and are to-day the best- known characters in Europe. Spiers is the only surviving partner; but the memory of Pond is held in kindly remembrance by all who knew him. Old Tom Mooney (well known in this district some years ngo) made a bid for popularity by holding a sort of free and easy at his National Hotel, in Bourke-strect, which the youths used to attend, more for the purpose of teasing 11 Old Tom”—a feat too easily accomplished. Billiard saloons nnd dance houses sprang up like mushrooms, but tho honlthiest and best of nil the nmusemonts to my fancy is the American “ ten pin alloy,” noxt to tho Bull and Mouth in Bourkc-street. A sub urban amusement was soon to be promul gated, nnd Ellis, of London Cremorne notoriety, started a similar establishment at Richmond ; but it remained for Geo. Coppin to bring the place to perfection. 