OUR NOVEL. A COUNTRY-ÏOWN CHRONICLE BY JESSIE FOTHEEGILL, AUTHOB OF "THE FIÖST VIOLIN," "KITH AND KlK," " PBOBATION," " THE WELL STELDS," AND "HEALEY." CHAPTER X. THE PEOOEES8 OF ANNEALING. SOOD after breakfast they separated as was their wont. Roger and the doctor came and went as usual, but the November afternoon had grown to darkness before Michael returned, looking pale and fagged from his long ride and hard day's work, Taken as a whole, the patients in ana around Bradstane were not a very profitable set. For one rich old lady like Miss Strangfortb, said Dr. Kown tree, lingeriug on as a chronic invalid for years-always wanting attention, and always profoundly grateful for all that her physicians either did or failed to do for her, and paying her bills with a cheque by return of post -for one treasure like this there were a dozen farmers' wives and daughters, I or sordid unlovely poor in Bridge Street, calling upon the doctor with a frequency and persistency which they would never have dreamed of if they had posseessed either the means or the intention of paying him. Others there were, cottagers, labourers, living at immense distances over had roads, and expecting a deal of attention in return for very small fees-anything but a profitable clientele-and some of these Michael had been visiting to- day. He came in, picked up a note which lay on the hall table waiting for him, which he looked for as if he expected it-his dark face lighted for a moment as he took it, for the hand- writing was that of Magdalen Wynter -put bis head in at the library door remarking, " I'm wet through - change my things-down directly," and ran upstairs, shutting his bed- room door after him. " What a spirit ! " cried the doctor, enthusiastically. " What a spirit he has ! He'll get over it yet." "Better than his brother will, I think," said Roger, half io himself; and then, gazing into the fire, he wondered what Gilbert was doing, and wished, as he had caught himseif wishing more than once that day, that Michael could have seen his way to answer that note of Gilbert's diffe- rently. By-and-by the gong sounded. Roger and the doctor went into the dining room. Michael was still upstairs. The soup had been served, and he came not. " Go to Mr. Langstroth's door and say everything will be cold, aud we are waiting for him," said Dr. Rown tree to the serving-maid, who did as she was told, and presently returned, speedily followed by Michael. Roger gave a sharp glance at him, aud thought he carried his head very high-'higher than usual. " Sorry to keep you wailing," hi said with an affected, jaunty air, nol in the least like his usual manner, " j quite forgot how time was going on.'* He laughed as he spoke, and said he was ravenously h uugry, butoffendec the doctor greatly by scarcely touch' ing what was set before him. ** What do you mean by saying you are ravenous, and then not eating any- thing? " he asked crossly. Michael laughed a nervous, forcee laugh, and replied. " Oh, I must have thought I wai hungrier than I really am. I can' eat anything now. These long ridei take it out of a fellow in such a way.' " Did you have lunch at the Bryd ges'r"» *' Tes. They have quite a lot o people staying there. That was om reason why I was so late. Afte lunch I went with Tom to the stable THE sole right of pubuaoing "Borderland * : Oi*&$Xatia #nrWcte,í»'s ia Westar -;t«tfcorr«t ?mmmmmsi.^^. to 6ee his new hunter. It is a beauty, too." Boger 6at silent, misliking the unusual volubility of Michael's speech and excuses. Michael himself, in the meantime, had gone off ou a new tack, and was describing bis adventures at a farmhouse on the moo-s, and the 1 extraordinary symptoms enumerated by the mistress of it as requiting bis advice. Dr. Row titree, pleased to see that Michael was what he called " plucking up a bit," d;d not notice anything forced or unnatural in his manner. Roger's forebodings grew every moment darker, and he was thankful when at last they rose from the table and went into the library. On their way thither, however, be hap- pened to touch Michael's sleeve with his hand, and found that it was wet. " Why man ! " exclaimed he, " you said you were wet through, and you have got on the identical togs that you came in with. What an ass you are, Michael ! " he added gently. " Go upstairs and change, right away, or you won't get to Balder Hall to- night." " Fm not going to Balder Hall-I think not," said Michael wearily, as he let Roger push him towards the stairs, up which he began slowly and aimlessly to climb. " There's something wrong-some- thing wrong - something wrong," kept ringing through Roger's mind " And something more than I know of." Michael's room was over the study. Roger, listening intently, heard him go into it, move about for a moment, and then all was quiet. He sat with a book in his hand, and waited till hid suspense grew almost to agony. At last be could wait no longer. He went upstairs and knocked softly at Michael's door. Tbere was no answer. When he had tried once or twice again, he opened the door and went in. The candle burned on the dres- sing table. Michael was in a large, old, easy chair by the bedside, his head sunk on his breast, bis eyes elosed, and an open letter drooping from his right hand. " Still in those wet clothes," mut- tered Hoger. " He'll kill himself." He went up to him, and touched him on the shoulder. Michael awoke with a start, and looked confusedly around him. Roger !" he said. *' I'm so sleepy, 11 don't know what's come over me." He seemed to see the letter he held, and went on in an absent way. " Wasn't it rather too bad of her not to wait till she had seen me? So long-it's three years since I began to wait for her and work for her. But as soon as she heard the first whisper-well, 1 did write and tell her what I'd done, and I said I would go up and see ber to-night, you know yes, to night. But she never waited. She flung me off," aud ha threw out his arms. " She made haste tu do it. She must have been glad to do it! There's something in her letter which says so. See !" He held it out to Roger. " What a lot of disagreeable things you've had to do for me lately 1" he went on. " Good Lord ! how tired I am ! I never was so tired in my life. I can't imagine the reason ot it." Roger, deferring for a moment bis intention of making Michael go to bed, stopped to read the letter, which ran : " MT DEA.E MICHEAL, "I received your letter this morning, and I am sorry to say 1 cannot approve of what ' you have done. Even before I got it, I had been thinking for some time about our engagement, and wondering if it had ever been a wise one. During these three days tbat you have nol been here, I have had ample time to consider the subject. Even if nothing further had happened, I should haw written ax I do now; but I do nol disguise from you that the manner ic which you have yourself cut off everj prospect of advancement .strengthen! my resolution. These things are beal done promptly. It saves pain to al ooncerned. "As there is now evidently no pro spect of our being married within; anj definite time, I-wish our engagemen to toeasé.* < I.deBirethia both on youi «béount«ïànd my jewing In jtfdifcipn !< the reaione alrendy «tated, I do.ino SÊÊÊ^ÊMÊÊÊÊÈ think it would be for your happiness to continue it, and I am quite sure it would not be for mine. I shall be glad of a lino from you when convenient, to 8o.y that you consent to my pro. posai ; and with every wish for your haouiness and urosoeritv. " I remain, " Your sincere friend, "MAGDALEN WYNIEB." I "There's a specimen of elegant composition!" exclaimed Michael, sud- denly silting upright, und laughing harshly, " it could not have been more proper il' she had written it at school, and the heal governess had corrected it. What a blessed thing it is when people know their own minde, and can command plain English in which to make them known ! Only it'u a pity that they should take three years to learn what they do want." : He gave a disagreeable little laugh at his own pleasantry, and then rose. "If you'll go down, Hoger, I will now change these things, and join you directly, bul it's lucky 1 need not go to Balder Hall, for I feel more and more tired every minute." " Take off vour things, by all means," said floger gravely ; " but you must not come down. You must go to bed." "To bed!" exclaimed Michael con- temptuously. "A man go to bed be- cause he's had a long ride in tbe wet and cold, and finds rather a chilly letter co greet him on his return ! I I am not such an ass." Bat as ho spoke, streagth seemed to forsake his limbs ; he could not stand any more, but sandown again in the chair by tue bedside. I " Perhaps Askaui is sitting with her now. I suppose they will be married," he said, betraying in his sudden weakness what his secret fear had evidently been. " Perhaps she will keep him straight. He needs it, and she ha* a spirit, though I know Guilbert and my father never thought so ; and-" Here he began to wander in his talk ; was shivering and shaking with I cold oue moment, burning hot the next. The thorough drenching which he had got after leaving the Brydges' and riding tor miles in the teeth of the bitter wind and raiu ; the excited condition of his brain over Gilbert's treachery ; the reception of Magdalen's letter, with its icy, unyielding egotism, showing him that all these years hei own advantage was what she had been thinking of, and that there was not a spark of love for him in her dull heart ;-these things broke through even his magnificent health and strength. He could not Bhake off th« physical chill any more than he could the. mental prostration. An attact of a tedious, wearing low fever, re duced him to perfect physical weak' ness and docility ; but far wo«*se thai the fever was the accompanying mental gloom, the result of the shod of the nervous system. The young man, shut up in his room, too weak ii body to move and shake off his deinoi visitant, went through all the horror of a complete nervous break-down and made intimate acquaintance witl all its attendant crew of ghastl; shades-those pallid ghosts which as semble and gibber and mouth at u when we have so imposed upon thos hard-worked servants, nerves an brain, as to. have rendered them fe the time powerless to answer to ou j imperious demands. Exhausted, the sink down, and say to us, " We ca no more," and then we are at th mercy of every shadow, every wbispe every vain imagining and thought < horror. j Michael Langstroth, with his supei constitution and youth and temperen« j to back him, and with the devote I nursing of two such friends as Roge and the doctor, was in the course of few wee&s; restored to comparatif I strength. Gradually the shades ac the ghosts, the bats and the owls tb haunt the dark places of the humt iniud, retired before gathering physic strength. Things were gone that cou never be restored-hopes, joys, faith I enthusiasms ; things which had on j seemed all-important, appeared nc almost too ^insignificant for noti< j TJuder Roger's eyes was the prom j accomplished .which in his blindai he had long iago, wished for his frier I Hs'wai «ade int© a oman agoing k jj j ' r¿;<4 v/f>i!>i nnibiíK j/ftir*/. i mÊmm the valley of the shadow a youth, for all his six and twenty years, his bone, and his muscle, and his brain ; coming out of it alive, sane, whole, if weak, but stripped of every superfluous hope, confidence, or youthfulness. It was November wheu he went to his room that night ; it was the very end of December when he came out of it, a hollo w*eyed spectre enough. And it was a month later still when Dr. Howntree carried him down to Basd tings one day, returning himself the next, and leaving his adopted sou there to recruit. So ended Michael Langstroths youth, as a tale that is told. 