FKANK-BUOVLAND AND THE COBRA BITE.'. . - The followiig is an"account of how the great natuwtetwas , Sjn t "oheT>cea$ioii bitten by a -Sobrii <nd rtearfy-dost- hisi.life. -. The incident oecfaed M-tlib Zoological .Gardens, London r^sj OBcehfuJ'^ilifnl experience, *! says Mr7'4&ailhk;* BncklaSd, ." of- the awful effects of'snte's poison." I have received, a dose of tW 1 cobra's poison: into my system, luckilj»i r&ute; dose, oKl •should' not - have survivied : 33ie- ? accident ^happened in-.-a curious' was poisoned by the snake, but" not^Jftften Vy him; got the poison second-hinil:' Auxioui^to witness the effect of the prtson bf the. csbfa upon a rat, I took up a coi^tfe m a bag alive' to a certain- cobra. I took-Vne-rat out of-'the bag and -put him into tle= «Lge with -the snake.. The cobra 'was caflefl-aniong'-tbe 1 6tones in the .centre of the cage;" apparently asleep: When he heard'.thc'nbise ofjthe rat falling into the cage,-he" just lobked 'up and put out bis tongui, hissing at the same time. The rat got iito a Corner and hegau wasliing himself fcee^ng'one eye on the snake. Presently he rturscross the snake's body,andinan instant the fetierassuiiied his lighting attitude. As the ?5t pasaed'tlie eua.kfc made a dart, but, misiing his aim,- hit his nose a pretty hard bloc against the side' of the cage.' This -acc-dent seemed to anger him, for he spread but his crest, aad waved it to and fro in the beautiful maimer-peculiar to his kind. The rat became alarmed, and tan near him again. !Again' the ^cqbra made- a dart and hit -hiiri, -bat did- 'not, 1 .think,%inject any poi&h; into ~himJ the. rat being BO very actire; at-least no symptoms of poisoning *were shown.- The 'trite, nevertheless, aroused the ire of the rat, for he gathered himaelf "up "for- a spring, and measuring his distance, sprang right on to the neck of the cobra, who was waving about in front of Win.-J This plucky rat, determined to die hard,! gave-the cobra two or three severe bites (in-'the neck; the snake keeping his body £reet all the time, -and endeavoming to turn" lis head roatad to bite the rat, who was- clinging on, like the old man-in 'Sinbad the-&aiiOr.;' Soon, however, the 'cobra changAl his' tactics. Tired, possibly, with sustaining the weight of the rat, he lowered his head, and the rat finding himself again on terrafirma, tried to run-away; not so, for the wiake collecting all his force, brought down^his erected-poison fangs, making his head'^elt by its Veight in giving vigour to the Mow, right oi ihe body of the rat. This poor lifait no w seemed to know that the fight was over,laiud that he was -conquered. He retiredtoacomerofthecage,and beganpantang violently,tendeavohring at the same time to steady his failing strength with liis feet.' His eyes were widely dilated, and his mouth open as if gaspiito" for breath. The cobra stood direct oyer^mm, hissing and putting out his' tongue, ais'if conscious of victory. In about three minutes the rat fell quietly on his side and expired. The cobra then mo red off and took'no further notice of his defunct enemy. About ten minutes after- -wards the rat was hooked" out of the cage for me to' examine. • 'No external-wound could r see anywhere," so I took my knife and began tating tbe -skin off the rat. I soon discovered -two very teinute punctures, like small-needle holtei "in the side of the rate, where' the fangs of -the snake had entered. ' The parts bfetween the skin and the flesh, and the flesh-itself,' appeared, as though affected ' with' -mortification, even though the wound- had not been inflicted above"-quarter of an hour, if so much.' "Anjdous to see- if the skin itself waS'affected, I scraped away the part on it with my finger nail. Finding nothing-but the puuefeuree, 'Iiljrew the rat away, aiid put the knife and skin in my poefket, and started to go away. I had not walked a hundred yards before, all of a sudden, I felt as if somebody had come behind me and struck me a severe blow on the head and neck, and at the same time I experienced a most acute pain and sense of oppression at the chest, as though a hot iron had been run in and a hundredweight pot on -the.top r»f it. T knew instantly,.from, what I had read^ that I was poisoned. I said as much to my friend, a most intelligent gentleman, who happened to be with me, and told him, if I fell, to give me brandy and eau-de luce, words which he kept repeating in case he might forget them. At the same time I enjoined him to keep me roing, and not auy account to allow me to lie down. I tiien forgoteverything for several minutes, and my friend tells me I roHed about as if very faint-and weak. He also informs me that the first thing I did was to fall against him, asking him if I looked seedy. He most wieely answered, " No, you leak very well." I don't t.hinLhe thought to; for his own face was as white as a ghost ;'I-recollect'this much. He tells me my face was of a-greenish yellow colour. After walking, or rather staggering along, for some imnuiea,-1 gradually recovered my seuses, auc steeredfor the nearest chemist's )' Rushing in, I asked for eau-de-luce. Of course ire haid none, bnt my eyes caught the words spiritus ammonias, or hartshorn on a bottle. I reached it down myself, and pouring alaa-ge quantity into a tumbler with a little niter, both of which articles I found on a soda-water stand in the shop, drank it off, thoufh it burnt my mouth and lips very much, instantly I felt relief from the pain at the clest and &ead.; The chemist stood aghast, and on my telling him what was the matter, recommended a warm bath. If I had thai followed his advice, these words would never have been placed on record. After a seconds- draught at the hartshorn bottjel proceeded on my way, feeling very stupid and confused. On arriving-at my frieh<£s residence close by, he kindly pro- Co reran e a bottle of brandy, of -which -I drf.no four large wine glasses one after the otiie-„ bnt did not'feel the least tipsy after tlitfoperatioU.. -feeling nearly well, I started on jay way home, and then, for the first tine,.perceived a most acute paiu under the nal-of the left thumb; this pain also ran up titterm. I'set to work to suck the wound, aid.tben found out how the poison had got iito the system. About an hour before I ecamined the dead rat I had been cleaning ibe nail with a penknife, and bad slightly icparated the nail -from the skin beneath, into thir little crack the poison- had got when I vas scraping the rat's skin to examine tic wound. How virulent, therefore, must thepoison o* the cobra be !' It already . had been circulated in the body of the rat, from whith I had imbibed it second-hand." 