Ladies' Columns. A Royal Spanish Wedding. The marriage ceremonial of royalties is (says an American paper) always interesting, and the marriage of the Infanta Dona Eulalie of Spain to her cousin, the Infante Don Am. onio, ■on of the Dnke of Montepenaier, at the Chapel Bojal in Madrid, gives actuality to the text of the marriBge oiBce used on the occasion. The first question was addressed to the bride. " Tour Highness Dona Marie Eulalie Fran coise of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain,—Your Highness is aware that you are here to be united and married to his Highness the Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillipe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon, concerning which marriage his Holiness has removed the objections raised on account of parentage of different degree of con sanguinity and other causes. It remains now for your Highness to say whether you 1-aow of any other reason for which this marriage con tract should not be entered upon-that is to say, whether there exists between your High ness and the said Infante Don Antonio Louis Philippe Marie of Orleans, any other relation ship; whether you have given your ward to any other man; whether you have made vows of chastity or religious pledges; or whether you know of any natural obstucle which might oppose the validity of this marriage; finally whether you eontraot the marriage of your own free will and desire ? Tour Highness will de clare this on your faith and your royal word," Cardinal Geferino Gonzalez, Archbishop of Seville, who performed the ceremony, accom panied by hiB clergy, gave then the Bishop's c „ — CI e— - crook into the hands of the attendant priest, and said : " Tour Highness Dona Marie Eulalie Francoise of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain —I request your Highness, and also you, your Highness Don Antonio Louis Phillipe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon, to tell me whether you know of any obstacle why tbis marriage should or should not be contracted, or why it could not be valid or legitimate—that is to say, you are to mako manifest whether you know t>£ any other obstacles besides those which his Holiness has removed; I make this Bame request to you who are hero prcsont. For the second and third time 1 request you that if you know of any such obstacle, you are to make it known oponly." Addressing him self again to the bride, the Archbishop con tinued, ''Tour Highness Dona Mario jfulalie Francoise of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, will you take for your legitimate husband, bs it is commanded by the Holy Soman Catholic and Apostolic Church, his Highcess tho Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillips Marie of Orleans and Bourbon?" Before replying, her Boyal Highness kissed the hands of her parents, and on the question being repeated, she answered, " Tes, 1 will." Then the Archbishop proceeded; "Does your Highness give yourself as wife to his HigbnesB the Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillipe Mario of Orleans and Bourbon ?•" To which the bride answered; " Tea, I give my self." The Archbishop continued: " Does your Highness receive the said Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillipe Marie of Orleans as your, hus band ?" " Yes, I receive him," answers Dona Eulalie. The same questions were then put to Don Antonio, who replied in the same way. After this the bride and bridegroom joined their right hands, and the patriarch, hav ing taken his crook, Baid: "And in the name of the Almighty, and the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and the Holy Mother Church, I marry your Boyal Highness Senora Dona Maria Eulalie, Ac, to your Boyal HighnesB Senor Don Antonio, &o.; and this bond of marriage I confirm in the name of the Father, the Hon, and tho Holy Ghost. Amen!" The archbishop, with crook and mitre, accompanied by his clergy, one of whom held the oross, another the aspergillus, and a third the plate on which were arranged the 13 coins which every Spanish woman r ceives on this occasion, together with h wedding ring, oommenoed the benediction ( the coins. He thon blessed the wedding ring putting one on the ficger of Don Antonio, I whom he also gave the other, to be given i the bride. Tho archbishop then throw eon ooins to the bridegroom, who threw them i the bride, by whom they were put back in1 the plate. After this, their Higneeaes ioinc their tight hands, followed the cardinal to tl armohairs prepared for them on the altar stai where they knelt down to hoar tho tveddit mass; which was thus terminated: " Now yoi Highnesses have received the blessings a cording to the customs of tho church, tl advtee I give jou is to keep faithful to eac ^ other 5 to be chaste in the time of prayer, an ' even more chaste during fasts and BaintB' day May your Highnesses love each other as hu • n wlfo' and may you livo in the fei of God.' The Cardinal then gavo tho brie to the bridegroom, saying, "I giro hor to yc for a companions &nd; not fop a torrent j roi your ^Highness love her as Christ loves H church." Tho benediction closed the cer moDj. 