TEiE MOUNT LYELL GOLD. FIELDS. The following letter which we received yesterday from our correspondent at Mount Lyell, will be read with interest: The township of Strahan is very prettily situated at the head of Long Bay, com- manding an extensive view of the harbour. The principal buildings are Mr. Henry's store, which has it tram-road running from a wharf into the store. Vessels drawing 9ft. can come alongside. The proprietor is a most courteous and obliging gentleman, affording every information in his power. There are two hotels, that owned by Mr. Gaffney being the best situated, having reading and billard-room, and affording good accommodation at very reasonable prices. The other is kept by Mr. Zeplin. Mr.Bennett has a boarding-house, and is also a boat-builder. He has had long acquaint ance with Macquarie, having carried stores for Mr. Gould when surveying here. Leaving Strahan by the Governmedit rpad for Lynch's Crek ,you have gdod walking for alout 7 miles. This is as far as the road is formed, and reflects great credit on the contractors for the manner in which the work is done. From thence for the next five or six miles, ghost of Cesar ! you see life I mud from the top of your boots to your knees. Then a few miles good walking,the remaining distance-mud. This brings you to the King River reef, distant from Strahan, 21 miles. Arrived at the King River reef we are very hospitably received by the genial manager, Mr. Marsh, who makces us wel come to a good. tea, the evening passing very pleasantly and quickly in his com pany. We then turn in, have a good night's rest, breakfast next morning, and refusing an invitation to look over the claim in consequence of wishing to reachl the Linda as early as possible, we resume our journey. From Lynch's Creek if track is being cleared to the Linda. This is now within about two miles, the scrub only being cut, the course:being alongsteep sidlings will be useless until the road is formed, even for men carrying tucker, and the sooner this is finished the sooner will Government have the blessings of the miners. For the way msen have to carry tucker is simply killing work, and it is only a question of time before they knock uip. One well known miner, both here and on the Pie man, whomi I met with the perasiration pouring off him, said, "WWhy, bless you, we are all like old coach horses, gone in the knees and fetlocks," and I don't doubt it. About a mile on the track from Lyncls's you leave the road for a track on the left hand leading to the valley of the Queen River. Crossing the Queen twice you commence to rise and have uphill till you reach the now celebrated "Iron Blow,' belonging to Messrs. Crotty and party. This ends a hard day's work, although the distance is only about seven miles, and the road or track being principally a succes sion of mud holes and roots, over and under logs; this is bad enough on level ground, but when it comes to wind up with about 1100ft. of a rise, it is beyond a joke, especially when one has to pitch his camp and make tea, the more so if raining hard and matches are wet. Our luck is in finding a splendid canmp ing ground. We pitch our tents, and have a fine feed provided by Cole, a kind and hospitable prospector. This is the second time I have been indebted to his kindness when knocked up. Feathers rather hard; sticks having a nasty habit of finding small of back; sleep well for all that; breakfast, and hurrah for the Iron Blow ! We find Messrs. Crotty and Strong at their hut, who give us hearty welcome, and want us to have something to eat and drink of tea, but we refuse, being too anxious to see the claim. Proceedingwith Messrs. C. and S. from their hut we at once come on their -ace, where they followed the trail of gold up the hill, and which is now used as a tail-race. The claim is situate on a spur in a break between Mount Owen and Yfount Lyell. The strike of the country is about 20 deg. W. of N. This is the supposed line of reef -I say "supposed" because up to the present time it is impossible to form any opinion of it. It simply looks like an immense quarry. I am not going to give any description of the formation for the simple reason I should only make a fool of myself, as I never before saw anything like it. So far as one can judge there must be several thousands of tons of stuff ready for crushing, the return from which. should be a fortune to all concerned. The face is about 30ft. wide, iwith no walls, so it is impossible to arrive at the width, and as to depth, time alone can prove that. So far as the gold shows it does not matter where you take a prospect you can get a good one. Gold is also visible to the naked eye in nearly every part you look from the finest speck to coarse gold-pieces up to ldwt. have been obtained. It is cer tainly one of the richest shows I have ever seen. This is as true a description as I can give, but don't let anyone run away with the idea that all claims here are to turn out Eldorados. This is the claim, and the only one at present so far as I know, and it is just as likely to run in one direction as another, so far as proved at present. There are upwards of 60 claims applied for, or at any rate pegged, some N., some S., others E., others W., and four and five deep-such is the uncertainty as to what the course may be. Two things here we are greatly in want of, in fact it is quite necessary to have them, namely, quicker communication with Laun ceston and Hobart. At the present time a telegram sent from Launceston to Corinna catches the mail whlich leaves Corinna on Sunday morning, arrives at Strahan on following Tuesday evening, and is sent by special messenger to Linda, where it will arrive on Thursday. In order to reply a special, must be sent from heoe' to Corinna, which takes four days. If a reply is sent by the mail man it will take one week longer. The tele graph poles and lines seem to be in good order from Trial Harbour to Macquarie,' leaving only a distance as the crow flies of some 20 miles. Would it be too great' a strain on the Government to connect them P To correspond by mail, a letter leaving Launceston on Thursday will be in Strahan the following Tuesday night. From Strahan there is no official mail, and we are indebted to the kindness of Mr. Gaffney, who is packing for the Messrs. Henry, for our letters; also to Mr. Marsh, the manager of the King River reef, who takes charge of them on arrival. We then have to walk 14 miles-seven each way on the chance of letters arriving, through mud and slush. I believe the population here is about 90, and I hear there are several fresh arrivals; this being the case, I think a post-offico should be established at once at Lynch's. Creek. I believe I am right in saying the cost for conveyance would not exceed £50 per annum. Some excitement was caused here yester day morning by someone attempting to Juip a portion of the reward claims on the ground of not being a proper distance from gold, but . I don't think, and I sincerely hope, they have not a leg to stand on. It is a great pity jumpers cannot be punished if they fail to establish their claim, as nine times out of ten they are wrong. I hear a splendid quartz specimen has been obtained about half a mile from here. The steamer Wakefield has arrived, and I shall expect to see a rush to-morrow. Linda; Ahgust 20. 