Z\\\t fgvtebanc @mvm. MONDAV, JULY IS, 18m. Mr. LTODOKINSON'S report, published in another column, is an excellent essay on sugar cultivation in Queensland, and con- denses within narrow limits the teachings of experience on the subject, Regarded from that point of view, ic may be described as a valuablo contribution to our agricultural literature. The policy of subsidising the industry of cane-growing and sugar-making, lay outside the scope of Mr. LTodgkiusoii's instructions, and he has, of course, not touched on it. Assuming that it is desirable to establish central mills with public money, it is probable that the localities specified in the report, are best suited for the experi- ment ; we have, at least, no objection to the selection. But it was impossible for Mr. LTodakinson to avoid touching one controversial point. The essence of the Government scheme is thal the cane grown for the central mills and the sugar made in them shall be grown and made by Europeans. Mr. Hodgkinson has made up his mind that sugar-growing can only bo carried on with an assurance of profit in the tropics, and he, therefore, found himself in face ot the question-can sugar be produced there by Europeans'! He is too honest, and he knows too much about the North to repeat the assertion that because white men mine on the northern uplands, and cut cedar in the northern scrubs, they will, therefore, be induced to work as labourers in the Northern cane fields. Ile adds, very justly, that it is undesirable for the white raco to be com- pelled to accept the wages which sugar j)ro duction will afford in the North. The question of growing sugar by white men with tho aid of subsidised central mills, therefore, narrows itself clown to its produc- tion by European selectots cultivating land with their own hands and without hired labour. Mr. Hodgkinson thinks a man " with a little domestic assistance" can keep twenty acres of cane in complete tillage. The area seems lo us a little excessive, but assuming it to be correct, we still require further information. Cane-growing is not sugar manufacture. Ono mau to twenty acres is a force which may keep the cane growing, bul even with plenty of domestic assistance it will not turn the cane into sugar. Where are the harvest and mill hands lo come from 1 "We have no surplus population to supply the temporary demand for labour, and by the conditions of the problem the State aided communities of cane - growers must not adopt the planter's expedient of keeping a harvest staff of cheap coloured labour all the year round. Mr, Hodgkinson sees clearly that white men will not accept the position of plantation labourers in the North, and there is no floating population to furnish temporary assistance when the cane crop is ripe. Of course, the selectors might get out of the difficulty by keeping under cultivation such small arcas that their united strength would suffice to do all the necessary mill work ; but then would they not reduce each man's earnings to ¡t point so low that the temptation of exceptional profit would cease to operate as an induce- ment to undertake an unusually disagreeable kind of agriculture 1 It is evident that the practical difficulties in the way of the project have no1 been removed by Mr. LTodgkinson's investigations. The objection to the policy of the scheme of course remains, and nothing has been said as to the difficulty of makingsuch ¡in arrangement as would prevent the mills, in the event of failure, fulling as dead lumber into the hands of the State ; or the danger that they would be the means of ex- tracting subsidies of indefinite amount from the Treasary. Besides, there is ¡mother difficulty which lies outsido the scope of Mr. Hoilgkinsoii's investigations : "Where is the money lo come from 1 There was a surplus when Parliament voted the money, but that surplus has gone. If the cash has to be withdrawn from tho Treasury now it will leave a deficit, or increase an existing one. The Parliament which voted the grant thought it waa going to make an ex- periment willi some spare cash lying loose in the Treasury. Will it be equally willing to go on with the experiment when it knows that it will have to take tho money from receipts which are insufficient to meet the current expenses of Government ? IT has been remarked of the ancient Greeks that, wherever they went, they took with them their theatre, and the mother country and her colonies recognised their inalienable affinity in their passion for the national drama. With tis English the out- ward anti visible sign of this inward and spiritual emotion must be sought elsewheie. It is true that we are attached to Shak spenre ; but this is not so much for his own sake na because we consider him ¡i part of our national prestige. Ho is the first poet of the woi Id, and we quote tho text of bim, as we do thal of our Scriptures, with ¡t dis- regard of tins coutoxt that is perhaps magni- ficent but is certaiuly the reverse of critical. The late Adam Lindsay Gordon, our Aus- tralian poet, of whom we are all so proud, was of opinion that the glory and stiength of "the Anglo-Saxon race . . . the Norman blood " (in largo capitals) was dependent on its passion for horses in geueral ¡md horse-racing in particular. This is rather excessive, but, if for horses we put that wonderful word of our's-sport, we slvill not bufar nut when we say that it K as much our national passion as art in ¡-onie shape or other was that of tho 1 Greeks. Moreover, at the present moment, we may add, tho favourite form sport takes among ua is that of horse- racing. People of an equinely serious frame of minel are wont to assert that horso racing owes its existence and favour lo our perception of its efi'ects on the improve- ment of the breed. But, as is so often the ease, the serious people j'ndge the mass of their fellows by the samo criterion as they do themselves, which is all very well as regards things in the abstract, but, when transplanted from tho lecture-room to the street, is perceived to be rather ghost-like. The facts, too, arc against the seriouspcople. ¡ Ilorso-raciiig, as at present conducted, (ends as much to the physical strength and beauty of horses as opera balleldancing does to that of women-that is to say, microscopically. Everything is sacrificed to qualities that are essentially artificial. The horses are trained too young and run too young. Speed over a short course being the one thing needful, spindle-shanked animals are the order of the da)'. It is notorious lhat a large percentage of our high-class racers are broken-winded "roarers:" that, when dismissed to the breeding-slables, their energy is rather feverish than heal thy, with thefiiialresultthat the most successful horses of late years have failed signally in their pedigrees. The evil of the artificial tendency of »port in England is not to be found in one branch of it but in all. The weights for jockeys are so low that no man of the requisite strength for mani- pulating a racehorse can ride without seriously damaging his health. It is largely due to the extraordinary fact of his being the exception to this rule that makes Fred Archer the facile princeps of his tribe. Ile alone seems able to reduce his weight with- out reducing his strength. The elder among his fellows suffer from their iuability to do this. Over anti over again elo we see men and boya of skin and bone put into the saddle, where their sole duty seems to be to remain, and at best guide fheir horses a little. If the horse can win of itself, good ; if it might win through what is called riding (the chief quality in which is the getting out of a horse all of which it is capable), then the race is lost. Eobert the Devil, a horse of indifferent pedigree, was one of the finest that had appeared on the English lutf for year-i, and yet Archer on Bend Or beal ii in the Derby simply by riding. There could be little question about tho respective merits of the two horses. When Archer rode Robert for the Grand Prix, we bad a glimpse of what the Derby would have been if tho riders had been changed. This artificial tendency in our hoi se- rvicing is rapidly abolishing the one plea Unit can be advanced in favour of Hie thing as an institution. At the same time its strength is being sapped by what is the great disintegrator of ¡ill things-corruption. Amiable people willi a profound belief in philanthropic propagandism are wont to rejoice in the abolition of the prize- ring as an exam pie of our increased national aversion to cruelty. "Wo do not say that once moro the facts are against them : we content our- selves with remarking that the assertion is only a half truth. Sport is upheld in the first instance by the wealthy, by the idle weal thy, who, provided they can get what they pay for, will continuo to uphold their favourite amusement through thick and thin. But so soon as they perceive that they are being defrauded they withdraw their support, and the amusement collapses. Thus was it with the prize-ring, and thus it will be with racing. The aristocracy, which paid large sums for the sight of a fair pugilistic en- counter, began to find that there was per- sistent collusion between the men. The ring was, therefore, abandoned by all those great names that made it almost a national institution. The public followed suit, and the ring disappeared. We are at the opening of a somewhat similar process with horse racing. The great stud- keepers are resigning, and the studs are falling into the banda of speculators. It is a secret, which everyone knows, that this was the real reason of the retirement from the turf lately of more than one noble stud- keeper. The next step will bo for the public to lose confidence, and then, a new form of sport having been dis- covered, there will be a popular exodus from the racecourses, and the amiable people, with a profound belief in philanthropic propagandism will discover that we are all awakened to the cru&lty; of whipping and spurring tlumb animals round an elongated grass plot. There is, indeed, much talk of tho general degradation resulting from such things as bull-fighting, bear-baiting, the ring, and so on, but it is exaggerated The mass is not of a serious frame of minti. It only asks to be amused. The good holiday makers who crowd into Welbourne each year for the festivity of the Cup reflect as little about the cruelty of the actual racing as do the dear creatures who chatter and flirt in exquisite toilets at the "tourna- ments of doves" at Hurlingham. Of bite years, it is true, some of our quite too virtuous demagogues have discovered that pigeon-shooting is an aristocratic, and therefore au intolerable, vice ; but it would be absurd to suppose that the onlookers of that charming scene, for instance, which Lord Beaconsfield gives us of the " Castle in the Air," and of that " blue rock which was content to die hy the hand of a duke" that " the struggle" which was so " long and ably maintained"-succeeded in making the Duke of Brecon's guests any more foolish or more wicked after than they were before it. Horse-racing, we repeat, like every other form of sport, nourishes so long as it answers satisfactorily the two requirements that are implied in its nature-the piodue tion of a high breed and the certainty of fair play- Let it fail to satisfy either of these two requirements-let the ercellence of the two horses appear as au artificial and not a real excellence, let the racing appear na a mere exercise for nefarious speculators -and the time of its glory is over. It is a candle guttering and flaring into extinction. WK do not think that any water in the world is more favourable for fishermen than Moreton Bay It swarms with the finest fish ; it is protected from the swell of the Pacific, and thickly dotted with safe anchorages ; its latitude frees it from the cold ¡mel hardships which attend the fisheries to the bouthvvaril and in the Northern ! Atlantic ; there is an almost unlimited I market close at hand. Yet, in bjiite of all 1 these natural advantages, in spite of the ¡ absence of fettering laws, and in apile of ; the large catches which are frequently . mude, fish still remains a semi-luxury iu Uiihbane, and, instead of being a \ cheap ¡mci popular article of food, is t usually dear and little used. Just now it is ' comparatively cheap, hut not so much so as ! it should be, and no more than it ought to j be all the year round. Where the fault lies, neither fishmonger nor fisherman agrees j each charges tlio other with being responsible for an alleged monopoly. To na, however, the difficulty seems to be in the utter lack of sale facilities; an auction mart after the manner of other cities would settle the question satisfactorily to all concerned, in- cluding the consumer. At present the relations between fisher and dealer aio usually most primitive and unsatisfactory. The former receives from the hitler the same price per bushel-12s.-in plentiful and in slack seasons; he is not encouraged to ply his craft in dull times, and in the " catching " season prices' are kept up by the dealer having to buy ¡ill offeree! him at a set figure whether he can sell1 it or not. The monopoly »o generally spoken of is the natural result of this system, for which neither party ia to blame. Indeed1 they both agree that an auction mart is the one thing needed to make the fish trade a suceess and provide our growing population with another source of food. At this mart all tish caught would be offered and would fetch prices according to the demand ; at times like the present it would bo cheap, and in the summer it would be high enough to encourage the fishermen to work. From this the public would not suffer, for the limited supply in certain months already makes prices then as high asthey can possibly be. Here is also an opportunity forthe further development of our ice-making industry, for, as in America and England, the surplus of the huge catches of the winter might be pre- served perfectly fresh in refrigerators until it was in demand. We have been informed on good authority that ice can already be turned out in large quantities for ^d. per lb., and this being so the immense margin that remains for profit cannot long escape the notice of some shrewd speculator, to whom an auction mart would throw open the trade. As things are, very few people would suffer if the fish trade ceased to-morrow, but a little judicious cultivation would soon createahealthydemandandacorrespondingly brisk supply, so brisk that legislation might be needed to prevent the annihilation of our fisheries. We do not think, however, that this contingency need alarm anyone, for from the peculiar formation of the bay it would be the easiest thing in the world to close certain portions of it during alternate seasons. But that is of necessity an after consideration; we must fiist make fish-food cheap, plentiful, and popular, and that can only be achieved by an auction mart. A CABINET meeting waa held on Saturday to arrange tho details of the Governor's Speech at the opening of Parliomcnt to-morrow, and to sottlo the order of businoss for the early part of tho Bossion. The list of new bills is very long, and probably before tho cloao of the soaBion Parliament will have an opportunity of considering about twenty-five Government measures. The more important of theso will include tho following :-Water Conservation Bill, Local Government (Divisional Boards) Bill, Quarantine Bill, Mineral Landa Bill, Settled Landa Bill, Justices Bill, and Elections Tribunol Bill. Aiarosr ovory seat in the Thcatro Royal was occupied at the usual Evangelistic servico last night, and the meeting waa of a specially interesting nature. Tho Rev. J. Stewart conducted the service, and about forty members of the Evan- gelistic Ohoir led the singing. Tho hy in 119 "Peaco bo still "and "I've boen redeemed," wero sung with much sweefcnoäs and power. Mr. H, A. Long read tho lesson of Scripturo from the 8th chapter of Mark's goapol, from tho 22nd vorao to the end, and gave a very im pressivo addrosä baaed upon tho story of the lesson, in which it said concerning the blind man, "Ho was restored, aud saw every man clearly." Tho need of spiritual Bight waa strongly urged ; Jesus Christ waa named aa tho great sight-giver, and all wero urged to seek that light which He alono can give. Dr. Grattan Guinness carno to tho aervioo from Wharf-atreot Oongregationalist Church, and spoke a fow sentences following up Mr. Long's address, and he accompanied tho choir upon his cornet whilst they sang in a very low, sweet refrain the hymn " Almost persuaded." The chairman announced that Mr, Long would givo an address in the Protestant Hall to- night, and that Dr. Guinnesa would conduct mission services all tho week in the Town Hall. The collection amounted to £-1 lib. Gd. TilE report of Mr. W, O, Hodgkinson on Central sugar mills is published in another column. Mr. Hodgkinson recommends that £20,000 bo appropriated for a mill near tho Eton terminus of tho Mackay railway, and £18,000 for a mill near tho racecourse, Mackay, subjoct to certain considerations. The remaining £12,000 of tho £50,000 voto may be cxponded on the Mosman River, on tho condition that only white labour is utilised in tho mill. A TJNITED Protestant Bervico, under the aus- pices of the Grand Lidgo of tho Orango Insti- tution of Queensland, waa held in the Protea tant Hall yesterday afternoon, to commemo- rate the anniversary of tho battle of the Boyne. There wero about 500 per- sons present, the building being filled to overflowing. The hall was suitably deco- rated, and at tho back of tho platform tho ban- ner of the Valley lodge was displayed, sur- mounted by a portrait of tho Queen. Gilded mottoos of the order wero conspicuously ar- ranged upon the walls, and the Orangemen wore their regalia. The Rev. E. Griffith, W.G.M., occupied the chair, and on tho plat- form thero wero seated many reverend gentle- men of tho dissenting Churohos. The pro- ceedings opened with the singing of the 100th Psalm, after which a prayer thanksgiving for religious and civil rights was offered by the Bev. James Carson. "Thy will be done" waa noxt rendered, after which the Rev. H. Guinness read a lesson of Scripture, consisting of the fourth chapter of the First Epistlo to Timothy. The singing of "Zion, lovely Zion," succeeded, when tho chairman gavo a brief address upon tho duties of an Orangeman, which were to love the Lord God, and our neighbours as well aa ourselves. A collection waa then made during the singing of a hymn by theUnitcd Evangelistic Ohoir, who were alsoseated upon the platform, and Mr. H. A. Long followed with an address. The point in tho harangue was taken from Revelations, chapter xviii, verso 21 :-"-And a mighty angel took up a stone Uko a great millstono aad cast it into the sea, saying thus with violence shall that great city bo thrown down, and shall be found no moro at ail." During his remarks Mr. Long pictured graphically the battles of tho Boyne and Derry, and described the country whero those fights occurred inoa\ per- sonal observation». The Rev, B. Mooro onVred a thankagiving grayer, after which the doxo logy and benediction were given, and tbo ser- vico concluded with the singing of the " National Anthem.'' A tea soirée will bo held to-night in connection with thf> same celebra- tion. THE a,g. Kato cast off from Hart's wharf yesterday morning with 400 passengers, for a trip to tho Nelson, lying in Moreton Bay. The man of war wat reached about 1 o'clock, and tho excursionista woro courteously per. mitted to go aboard and inspect her armament and fittiugs. After a stay of two hours, Ihe Katu started homewards, and Brisbano was reached about 5 o'clock. By advertiaoment in another column it will bo seen that the* Kate makcä another trip to tho Nelson this day at 11 a, m, WHIJÍE Senior-constablo M'Z^onald was doing plain-clothes duty on Potric- teri'ace on Friday night, his attention was arrested bj> hearing a chorus of disgusting language. He w eut to the spot whence tho sound came, and found a group of larrikins sitting troon a vacant allotment near the footpath playing cards and smoking. Ono of the characters, a boy named William Hughes, 10 years of »gc, was arrested, the others managing to escape. Ho was charged beforo the police-magistrate on Saturday with using obscene language, which the constable described as the worst ho had' ever heard. The youthful prisoner denied using the words and was remanded until Monday,, at bia own re- quest, to obtain evidence. HENRY PURDIE, C3 years of age, was noticed on Friday afternoon by a civilian in Queen-street to stoop down near" the gutter and pick up some coins. The civilian told con- stable Gunn of the circumstance, and' Purdie; was followed until reaching the fountain afc the corner of Queen and Eagle streets. Hero Purdie stopped and pulled out something from his pocket. The constable came np an questioned him» Purdio replied that he had found some money which ho was taking to tho watchhouse. Ho was then arrested on sus- picion of larceny by atejling, and seven sove- reigns and ono half-sovereign were found in his possession. He was charged in the City Police Court on Saturday, hut Sub- inspector Durham reported that every endeavour had been made to investigate the circumstance without satis- factory result. Tho accused, who is well known to the police, was therefore discharged. THE Quarterly Revision and Kegistration Court was held at tho Court-house, Clovoland, on 7th July, before Messrs. G. Burnett and W. Taylor, JJ.P. Tho names registered at last court were revised, and five new names were added to the list. A FIRE occurred yesterday morning, at a quarter to 11 o'clock, in a joiners' workshop and storeroom in Tank-street, belonging to Messrs. Hutchina and Ferguson, contractors. The fire apparently originated underneath the workshop, in which there was a quantity of moulding and folding-doors, intended for tho new Masonic Hall. They were all burnt. The promises, of which tho workshop formed a part, aro owned by Mr. T. J. Wooslcy, resid- ing in Turbot-street. The tenants, Hutchins and Ferguson, havo a part of the promises sub- let. The workshop was destroyed, but the wholo building is insured in the joint namo of. Woosley, Furguson, and Hutchins in the New Zealand Insurance Company for £1000. The workshop was looked up at 1 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, when the workmen knocked off, and it is not exactly known how the fire originated. The workshop was built of corrugated iron and wood. Tho alarm was given rather late, and the fire had dovolopod beforo Superintendent Hinton with his mon arrived. However, it was soon mastered, the efforts of the brigade being materially assisted by a strong posse of police under Sub-inspector Durham. A MEETING of the committee appointed to arrange a reunion of natives of Clackmannan shire and Hillfoot was held in Sloass's on Fri- day evening. Present : Messrs. Jas. Arnot, C. L. Christie, D. Reid, T. H. Low, R. Cant, J. Taylor, -- Henderson, James Gow. Mr. Arnot occupied the chair. Mr. C. L. Christie, hon, secretary, explained the business. It was ar- ranged to have a conversazione on an evening to be appointed during Alloa fair week, the second week in August, It was hoped that all belonging to or connected with the district would send in their names to the secretary before a meeting to be held next Friday even ing to make final arrangements. Tun efforts made to float the B.I.S.N. Com- pany's steamer Rujpootana on Saturday morn- ing's tide proved successful, and as soon as sho got into deep water a course was shaped for tho roadstead, whero she anchored Bhortly af torwarda. No timo was lost in beginning tho «shipment of what Southern cargo had been taken out of her, and the Rajpootana left the roadstead at 6.45 a.m. yesterday for Sydnoy, Melbourne, and Adelaide, clearing Capo Moroton at 10.15 a.m. TUE Church of England Mission, which has been preached during tho paßt week by the Revs. Charles Bodington and George E. Mason, carno to an end last evening at St. John's Pro Cathedral, where, at tho end of tho service, the large congregation, conaiating of nearly 500 persona, solemnly renewed their baptismal vows, answering to the questions usually put in tho christening service, Memorial cards of the mission were distributed, and the Bishop, who was present, addressed a few parting words of thanks. Dr. Webber expressed, on behalf of himself and people, his deep thankfulness to tho reverend missionera for their oxercise of tho gifts of the Holy Ghost with which God had so obundantly blessed them. Ho thanked thom for their many true and earnest words, so thoroughly in accord with tho mind of the Church, so truly evangelical, and so stirring to all who had heard them, which words might, he prayed, talio deep root in all their hearts, and spring up and bring forth fruit in good living, to the honour and glory of God. The missioners, said ho, were leaving Queensland the following day ; but they would bo accompanied by the earnest prayers and wishes of tho people that thî liehest blessings might follow their labours both here and in New Zealand, and that in the end might rest on them the blessing which was promised to thoso who were the instruments in turning many to Christ, At tlio conclusion of tho service, and after tho benediction, the missioners shook hands with a large number of those present. Their labours during the week, besides the daily opeu-air and church services, have included the Retreat for the Clergy at Bishopsbourne, which lasted from, Tuesday evening until Friday morning. Twenty-three of the olorgy attended the exer- cises. The Bishop-aelebrated the Holy Com- munion each morning ¡ and morning and even- ing prayers were also said eaah day, with an address at each by Mr. Bodington. On Friday morning a conference was hold; afc which, under the presidency of tho Bishop, the work of tho diocese was discussed. There- was a large attendonje at the " At Home"'on Satur- day afternoon,, amongst those present being the Chief Justics, the Colonial Treaauror, the Commandant, and a nuaiber of other loading citizens. The missioners leave by Ihe Dake of Westminstsr for Engloadto-day. TUE tender of S. Jeffcoat and Sous, £156, for tho removal and re-erection of additions te» station buildings at Booval, has b"en acccptod by the R-iilway Department. Also the tender of W. Hodgen, for £2770 6s., for new station buildings at Chinchilla, THE dead body of a man was found floating from tho direction of the bridge, in the river opposito North Quay, by Constables Benson and Ferguson on Saturday af rernoon, at about half-past 3 o'clock. The deceased was appa- rently between 27 and 40 years of a?fi ; height 5ft. Sin. ; weight, about 10st. ; had dark-brown hair ; reddish-brown whiskers and moustache, shaved on the chin and throat ; light ej c brows ; and prominent nose ; dressed in mole trousers, old and worn; ablsckand brown check tweed jacket ; and now blucher boots. Tho body, which had been sorao days in the water, waa removed to tho mci gue for identification, hut 1 has not yet been recognised. ROBiîltT B. DUNNE, a light-complexioncd young man of gentlemanly appearance, Btcpped Into tho dock in the City Police Court on Saturday morning, and was charged, before Mr. Pinnock, P.M., with obtaining the sum of £10 from Iho Rev. Edsvard Rudd by moana of a valueless cheque. The prisoni-r was arrested by Detective Clarko at Toowoomba on Friday morning, where he took a vigorous part in moving resolutions at a Homo Rule meeting. The accused told the people in Toowoomba thal ho was a nephew of Bishop Dunno, and was in conséquence treated with great consideration. After hearing the evidence of Defectivo Clarke, which related to tho arrest, tho accused was remanded until to-day. VERT few of the 331 adult immigrants who landed from tho Duke of Westminster on Tuesday last aro now quartered at the depot. Seventeen adulta have been sent to Mary- borough, 7i to Warwick, 4 to Murphy's Creek, 1 to Dalby, 2 to Dulacca. 17 to Ipswich, 3$ to Dulbydilla, 1 to Beenleigh, 4 to Hampstead, 8 to Dinmore, 4i to Bundanba, 4 to Nundah, 5 to Walloon, 124 to Toowoomba, 10 to Laidley, 2 to Stanthorpe, and 4J to Macalister. Thoro is a first-class demand for labour of a certain class at present, and employers coming to tho depot to engage men Bay that any number of farm labourers could obtain employment in the country districta near Laidley, Rosewood, Ipswich, and Die other districts along tho line. The depot will probably bo empty to day, when it will be properly cleaned and got ready for the Merkara people, who are tho next ex- pected. THE official reporta for tho twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock on Saturday morning »bowed that the weather waa generally fine throughout the colony. A number of stations roportcd cloudy skies, but the only stations reporting rain in tho whole colony were Eulo (0-02in.) and Miles (0'07in.) According to the report for tho same period ended at 9 a.m. yes- terday, no rain had falien in any part of the colony, and only a very few stations reported cloudy akies. THE Rev. Uatlinniel Dawes, M.A., was in- ducted by Biahop Webber to the rectory of St. Andrew's, South Brisbane, yesterday morn- ing. The sermon in the morning waa preached by the Bishop, and that in tho evening by the now rector. Mr. Dawes is considered, by those who heard bim yesterday, to bo an cxtemporo preacher of considerable power, the fervour and eloquence*: of his sermon boiDg particularly noticed. The church waa crowded at both services. A parochial gathering will bo held on Tuesday evening, when Mr. Dawes will bo welcomed by tlio congregation, who at the same time will havo an opportunity of taking formal leave of the Rev. Bernard It. Wilson, M.A., who baa officiated as acting-incumbent for about six months with general acceptance. THE following magistrates aro on tho roster for attendance at the Police Court during the current week ¡-Messrs. J. H. Adams, R. Birley, J. A. Buchanan, B. Cole, R. Dnfch, J. Fenwick, B. P. Gartside, J. Hardgrave, G. Hooper, j un,, E. Kelk, J. Little, G. P. M'Donald, W. J. Munee, J. Petrie, J. B. Robinson, R. R. Smellie, F. D. G. Stanley, A. Thompson, and G. Wilson. THE Bluo Ribbon Gospel Temperance Workers held their usual mission service in Charlotte-street last evening. Thoro was a good meeting at tho outdoor acrvico which was conducted by Mr. Lowis. Tho after service in the Mission Hall was well attended, and addreases wero given by Messrs. Reason, Curtis, Hunt, and Mahon, and fourteen pledges wero taken, after which a workers' prayer meeting was held. THE Briabano Municipal Council hold tboir usual fortnightly meeting this afternoon. Tho business on the paper consists of consideration of tenders for forming a portion of Cordelia strcot, covering portion of Spring Hollow drain, pontoon at Ernest-street ferry, drain in Leichhardt and Gloucester streets ; reception of reporta from Works, Finance, and Special Committees, and a committee of the whole council, and consideration of a number of mo- tions of which notice was given at last meeting. IN the City Police Court on Saturday two young men named John Thomas Davis and Alfred Thomas Easton, were charged with boing disorderly in George-street at about 1 o'clock that morning. Tho evidence showed that when Conatablo Egan cautioned thom thoy became violent. Green was arrested by the constable, and, with Easton, assaulted him so that they escaped, but Davis was immediately captured by a civilian. The constable after warda arrested Easton, his companion. Davis pleaded guilty, stating that the matter was the result of a little drinking party. Far disorderly conduct, he was fined 5s., or six boura' im- prisonment. Mr. Pinnock (to the prisoner) : Are you a new arrival? Prisoner: Yea; I came out in the Cloncurry aix month» ago. Mr. Pinnock : Then you havo had time enough to learn good manners ; you're sentenced to one month's imprisonment for assaulting the con- stable. EaBton, who pleaded not guilty, was remanded until Monday to enable him to ob- tain witnesses for bia defence. fi OUR readers oro reminded by advertisement in another column that the sixth annual reunion of tho natives of Glasgow and sur- rounding districta and their friends will take place in the Academy of Mualc on Friday even- ing, the 23rd of July. The chair will be taken by the Hon. William Miles, and many other prominent citizens have promised their patronage and presence. The affair is being worked up by an influential and energetic committee, who are exerting them- selves to their utmost to make thia gathering a trander succcsa than its predecessors. Thoy avo at considerable expense secured the ser Ticea of those popular vocaliats, Miss Clara Hamilton and Mr. A. Edwards ; and tho pro- gramme for the concert, which will be found in another column, abounds with the ohoicost of selections. THE Department of Public Instruction have received tendora for the following works : Play-shed, State school, Tiaro-Henry Neale, John Poole, W. P. Stretton, and James Cook ; gymnasium, fencing, gates, ice., State school, Lytton-Loynea and Simpson, W. E. Greensill, Hyde and Cowley, E. and J. Headland, and A. A. O. Toung; fencing ond gates, Ii haca Creek -Charles Poulteney, and Loynea and Simpson ; kitchen, &c.; State school, St. Lawrence- Wm. Hatfield; State school buildings and residence, Cardwell-E. C. Corbett, Ingham. Other tenders for this work are also expected from Townsville, Cardwell, and Maryborough. State school buildings. Mount Morgan-Borlaos and Coombe, Witherspoon, Bremner and Evans, "Wiley, Holmes, and Co., Jenkins and Good- man ; fencing and gates, State school, Teviot- ville-George Wilson. Tenders are also ex- pected for kitchen, &c;, State school, Gayn- dah. TO-NIGHT ia subscription night for members of the South Brisbane Building Society. MAVIS for Europe, via Torrea Straits, close at the General Post Office on Wednesday .evening. A coNCEnr in aid of the bazaar at St. Thomaa's Church will be held to-morrow even- ing, at the School of Arta, Toowong. A MEETING of the Joint Sourd will be held on Wednesday afternoon. A reaolution re- lating to cabstands uud the Finance Commit- tee s report will be considered. ATTENTION is drawn to the fact that tho ?&am;ír wlchl>ar(?t, lcavea Bt 3 P-ra- to-day (Monday), for Rockhampton via ports, instead Of Tuesday afternoon for Mai-yburough and Bundaberg only. DCKING the M-cek Cüding 10th insKr.t 101 saloon and 2l2steerüge pa-seDjiishave arrived in Brisbano per steamers from tbo Southern colonies; and 147 saloon, aud 157 steeraee passengers have left for the South. 