; ENGLISH BOWING NOTES. THU GitiAT SCULLING CONTEST'S, (Br LITTLE JOHN.") LONDON, Soptomhor 2.-Full many a brilliant scoro baa boon witnessed on the bosom of Father Thames in tho good old days, when lords, ladies, and gallants were wont to de port themselves upon tho river and make the " voyage " from tho Tower to Vauxhall in their gnily decorated wherries, there to hold high carnival. Injour own time wo have the annual University contests, and in 1BE0 we had the attraction of a series of sculling matches, including tho great llop Bitters competition. Theso aro and wore notable aifairs; but they all palo into insignificance when compared with thu groat event of Monday last. That day will assuredly bo marked with a red letter in tho records of English aquatic«. For moro than BÍX miles of tho Thames, from Wandsworth to Kew, every available spot along its banks, overy coign of 'vantago whence a view of the river could bo obtained, and muoh of tho waterway itsolf, were crowded by tenB of thousands of people desirous ef seeing tho most important sculling con test tho world has ever witnessed. It was a curious sight, tho motley collection of craft of overy conceivable kind, in cluding racing olghts, unsafe looking fours, pair oars, singlo scull boats, randan, canoes, (barges, punts, and puffing tugs all dodging hither and thither. It seemed aa it every thing which had a chance of keeping afloat had beea pressed into th J Bervice. Tho weather waa delightful-a little too warm, perhaps-and sunshades and ambrollas were almost a necessity ; but, taking it altogether, a moro beautiful day could hardly have been selected. Accidonts thero wore without number, but fortunately no great harm ensued. On the first day tho umpire's boat got foul of a bi idge, the first heat being finished out of sight of that i ra th ir d day, when tho "Lotus" again came to grief at the temporary bridge at Hammersmith. On Tuesday th« proas boat carno into colliaion with tho umpire's »teamer, and was nearly capsized. Howover, she richted herself, and tho only damage done was to tho clothns of Mr. Martin Cobbett, of the London SFOKTINO LIVE staff, and Mr. Jennings, of the London SPORTSMAN j both of whom lumped overboard when tho collision occurred, but being export swimmors thoy were in no actual danger. Before proceeding to furnish particulars of tho various boats, it may bo as well to give your readers an idoa of tho stylo of somo of the different scullers. M at ter sou has improved boyond recognition, and is now almost a porfoct sculler. Aa for Beach, his style has been unfavorably criticised ; but ho really has never attempted to display his true form, properly reserving himself for tho actual race, when he Bimply astonished everybody and confounded his detractors, by giving na the very finest exhibition of sculling which has ovor beou seen on tho Thames, not even excepting tho performances bf the immortal Ben forth, or the admired Hanlan. I have nevor been one of Boss's admirers, and I have nlways doubted his pluck. In my last notes I gave thia oiliiion, and the result of hiB race with Mattorson carried out to tho letter what I then wrote. Teemer's stylo ia most curious, as, like Boss, he seems to take two pulls at a stroko, but ho finishes with a much greater jerk than the Kew Brunswick sculler, while his elbows finish moro than ' 12 inches from his body 'at tho ond of tho stroke. His work is done entirely with his legs and arms, ho making no . use of his back whatevor. Ho seems a powerful young man, and if ho had only been properly taught to finish his stroko ho might add much to his paco. During tho career of George W. Lee he baa rowed no loss than 150 races. His stylo is decidedly the beat ot oil tho Transatlantic scullois, as ho reaches woll out, and gets a good grip of tho water. Ho i«, however, inclined to slido too EO_n. Ha rows with a round back, and this detracts somewhat from his appearance; but for all that ho ia a pretty sculler, and goos fast, but ho lacks power. George Bubear is not as strong as some of his oppononts, but he may nioko up in skill for tho deflcietcy. George Perkins I havo frequently spoken of as being ono of the neatest scul lers of the day. His style, in fact, singularly resembles Hanlan's. De is pluck to the backbone, but lacks a bit of paco. But ho can stay for a whole day and never loses his form. First Day.-Tho defeat of Boss was a sad blow to tho "talent," who actually laid 5 to 1 on tho "Black Bruns wicker " when ho had gone half a milo. 1-attorson stuck manfully to him, however, and Boss was unablotogeta blow. Just as I anticipated, finding be couldnot get away any farther, his heart failed him, and he stopped as if shot. Ho afterward declared that tho sun had affected him. It certnioly was a tiylnj? ordeal to bo kept pottering about bare headed for half an hour in tho broiling sun. In the socond heat Teemor, rowing In beautiful form, wont to the front and took tho lead all through tho race. Per kins mado a plucky offort when 300 yards from tho finish, and had decreased tho lead to two lengths when a largo pleasut o boat got in front of Perkins, who lost at ieast a couple of lengths in his getting clear of it. This destroyed whatevor chanco ho may appear to havo bad, and Teenier sculled post tho winning post four lengths in front. In tho third heat Beach rowed in splendid form, and with great coolness. For about half a müo he had cortaiuly lo row pretty hard; but it was evident that ho could at any timo havo put moro paoo on had ho chosen. I Whither Leo's boring tactics wore intentional, or tho result of exhaustion, I cannot say ; but somo very strong opinions wero expressed on the point. So far tho Australian repre sentatives had covered themselves with glory, and evoryono expressed tho hope that tho chances of the draw might not bring them togothor in the second round, and there waa a fervent fooling of relief when the names of Beach and Bubear carno ont together. It was bad luck, indeed, for Mattorson, after bis BOVOVO raco with Boss, to havo to tacklo so gooda man as Teenier. Hud ho mot Bubear instead, tho chancos oro that tho first and second prizes would have gono to Sydnoy. But tho fates ruled otherwise. THE SECOND DAT was arepotitiou of the first aa regards tho weather, tho great powor of tho sun boiug tompcrod by a nico cool breeze. Novei-has a finer piece of sculling been seen than that of tho champion with Bubear in tho first heat of the socond round. Putting enormous power into oach stroko, ho litorally mado his bout fly. He scorns able by putting on a little extra pressvrj to increase his paco without rowing a faster stroke; and ho dooB his work likó a pioco ot mnchiuery. After tho raco Buboar hnd the supremo "chook" to row up to tho uinpiro's steamer and claim tho foul, but of courso Mr. Horton ut onco docidod in Beach's favor. Though I nm no admirer of Mr. Billy Sponcor, Bubear's pilot, I must in justice admit that tho Hammeramith sculler is tho moat difficult mau in tho world to guido, as ho has a bad habit of gaping about, which has cost him moro than ono raco during his careor. Ho was within an aco of fouling Putnoy Bridgo. 1 should mont iou that Beach's boat was somewhat damaged by tho collision, and sho was half full of wator during tho remainder of tho raco. Just nftor ho had reached tho winning post a pair of lubbers in a great heavy boat ran into him, nnd so damaged tho "Fred Hugou" that it was ns muoh as tho champion could do to got hor nBhoro. Fortunately ho is woll oil for boats, having moro than half a dozou to oelectfrom. Thoro was tremendous exoitomont over tho heat betwoon Tooinoraud Mattorson ; and moro money changod hands than on any of tho other ovouts. Atono timo ns muchas 2 to 1 was laid on Matterson whon ho v. as loading, which rnto o£ odds was betted on Teemor previously to tho start. Thoro was tho usual delay iu starting tho mon, and it.was fully twenty minutos after timo beloro thoy wero got off. Asl havo Baid, it waa hard lines on Mattorson to bo drawn ugainst BO good aman as Teenier after his sovoro exertions of tho doy before. Had ho mot Buboar ho would have beaten him, as Boach would havo bonton tho Youltoo, and wo should havo had tho plooHuro of seeing two Australians rowing iu tho final. I think also that Harry Kolly did hot oxerciso very sound judgniout ' in taking him into Tanner's wator, as, when tho latter Bpurtod, "NeiLwas caught inahoro Uko a rat in a trap. Had ho boen on tho outsido Toomor'B spurt might have diod away aa his pre vious offortB did, "nnd Mattorson might have thou gone away again, As it was, Toomor was just ohio to make tho portant official. And the same bump and win on tba-post. - I don't say that Kell coulfl have won had this rocé boen xowod cleat; bat ha would un doubtedly hare stood a much better chance, for both men wero pretty well done up. Toemor is tho better stayer of tho two nt present. Otherwise thero is very littlo between thara. Tho Yankee must be a wonder to stay as well ho does, rowing in suoh a tiring stylo; and if ever ho succeeds in learning to swing and to lise his back, he will be a hard man to beat. He is only 22, and has lots of timo to improve, and I think tho futuro championship of tho world will rest botweon him and Mattorson-that is, whon "Beach haB resigned the title.. Teomer is ns gamo as a pebble, and fow men would havo hung on to Watterson as he did for two miles, and no doubt ho was suffering from the effoct of tho severo raco whon he met Beach, for he lacked dash and fire. Not that ho would have bad tho ghost of a chanco of boating tho champion had ho been as fresh as a daisy. Tux FINAL.-TJndor the brightest of skies, and in tho most favorablo circumstances, the great evont of which I have been discoursing at such length wns brought to a conclusion. From carly morning crowds bogan to assemble on the towing path at Putney, and everything betokened tho fact that something of moro than ordinary importance was about to take placo. The tribo of itinerant proprietors of shooting galleries, woighing machines, "coker" nut alloys, Aunt Sallys, 4c, wore there in full holiday force ; and tho display of bunting gave quito a gay appearance to the scene. Tho start for tho final heat was fixed for 3.15 p.m.; but it is needles to Bay that owing to bad manage mont tho start was delayed over half an hour. Beach, who decidod to row in his new Clasper boat, called tho Arnold, after his son, was tho first to.mal-o his appearance in the now familiar yollowaud black jersey and cap; and Toemor was not long in following. Ho woro a dark jorsoy and knicker bockers, and ho had tho good sonso to wear a cap to pro tect his head from tho rays of a truly tropical «un. Both men stripped to tho buff, and woro just backing to their Btako boats when a steam boat came through tho arch of Putnoy Bridge, and tho swell caused by her made Beach's skiff drag her anchor, and considerable delay occurred in mooring her again. No sooner had this beou dono and' everything was ready for a start than a tug boat como along with a string of barges, and n further delay was tho result. At length, howoYor, tho course seemed clear, and tho umpire, Mr. B. Horton, captain of tho London B.C., gave the word "go," and amid a roar of "they're off" both men got to work. For tho first few seconds Beach Blipped his sculls in at a bewilderingly fast rate, and in half a dozen st tokes : or so had secured a lead of halt a lexgth. His object evi dently was to try his opponent's paco, and having satisriod himself on thia point, he at omeo dropped down to a splen did 34, full of vigor and life. Teomer, meantime, had got to work, and was doing a dashing 34, and it appeared as if ho was gaining a little. Inspired by tho yolla of the people on sh oro, he continued delving away, and succeeded in getting his boat's «ose in front, and nt the Btor and Garter lcd by half a length. Nothing disconcortcd by this effort, Boach, who did not appear to take much heed of his oppo i nent, just put a little more weight on to his Boulia without increasing his rato of striking, and in leas timo than I take to write ic, had onco moro gone to the front, and by the time ho bad reached East's boathouse had secured a lead of a length. Teomer stuck pluckily to his work ; but, thus early in the raco, lt was evident that ho had no possible chance of winning. The champion was sculling at his easo, in perfect form, and getting such pace on without any ottort that tho Bishop's Creek ithat was) was reached in tho suprising fast time of 1 minute 31 seconds. The Craven stops wero passed in 2 minutes 52 Beconds ; Beach being haifa length clear iu front, and it was only on suffer ance that he allowed his opponent to close up the gap a littlo. Continuing at SO to tho minute, only, he mado tho shoot across from Walden a; and when opposite Boso Bank ho put in two or throo big strokes and at once added to his lead. Here Tecmcr had a bod bit of luck as a barge carno in his way and ho lost fully a length. Just beforo this, howovor, Beach had a narrow escape from fouling a largo floating hamper, which, had ho struck it, might havo settled his chance. However, ho luckily escaped it, an! increasing his lead every moment, roached Hammersmith Bridge in 8min 52sec, tho fastest titeo on record. And thia is all tho moro surprising, as ho appearod to bo only paddling. Teemor followed, 8seo later. From thiB point tho raco admita of no description. It waa a mero proces sion thouce to tho winning post. It was fortunate that nothing happened tho leader en route, as tho umpire's boat came to grief, and had there been any ground for a protest Mr. Horton could not possibly have given a do ci sión. Passing on, still adding to his lead, though ho hod Blowod down to about twenty-eight, or l»ss, Beach paseod Barnes Bridge in 19min 7sec; Tjemor being 28sec behind. On arriving opposito hi3 quarters, at tho WMto Hart, Barnes, the champion stopped and Baluted Mrs. Fitzwilliam Wentworth, who, with her family, wore watching tho race from tho windows of that hostelry. At this timo ho waB nearly a quarter of a milo ahead, and though fouled'by a boat just bofore tho finish, ho eventually won' by I don't know 3>ow many lengths in the astounding time of 22min 4Caeo, the fastest on rocord. Teemor followed about twenty Boconds later, and at onco drow up to Beach's boat and shook hands with him amid tho plaudits of the apectators. Tho timea to tho diíforont points wero as follow :-Bishops Creek (im), lmin Slaeo; Craven Steps (}m), 2min 52sec; milo post, 4miu 21aec; Hammersmith (lîin), fmin 52aec; Chiswick Church (21m), 13min 45aoc; Barnes Bridge (Sim), 19miu 7soo; Tho Ship, Mortlake (4Jm), 22min 46aoc. Beach has thus, onco nnit for eyer, silenced tho tongues of thoso who havo been trying to argue that hia two defeats of Banian wore Bimply " flukes " ; and ho has proved be yond doubt that ho is the very, best sculler who ever sat in aloit. Thia ia admitted on all aidoj. Jimmy Percy, of Newcastle, saya ho iá bottor than Eouforth over was-no' mean praiao. Boss Bays ho is a wonder, and Mr. Innes now acknowledges his tremendous superiority. Tho time ho mado is simply fabulous whon it is considered that for ovor two milos " ho never sculled faster than 28, and that ho actually stopped, ns I havo beforo said, to tako his cap off tc tho ladies. Wo must no longer hoar any nonBonso about Mattorson hoing his equal ; and oven that Eolf-confldcnt youth must admit tlmt ho ia no match for tho champion of championo. For a long timo Irofuacd to bolievo that Beach waa such a wonder, but as soon nB I was assured that bo never by any chanco did his best whon in training, and nf tor bo had dono a bit of work for my special: edification ono day, I could uo longor hido from mysoif tho! fact that ho la a marvel. When ono takes a side view of him, his style ia most deceptive, as ho is round akoulderod,j andltco.'B nia head low. Ho docs not appoar to uso his' slide to tho full oxtont, but thia ia no doubt owing to his: very oasy action. Following him, however, I havo novor soon bia equal for pulling a clean stroke, well through. Ho. makes no fuss aboutit, and his sculls ontorand leave tho water without any splash, and with tho regularity of; machinery. . ' ] I should montion, in conolu'im, that thoro was a largo, contingent of Australians on board tho boats which fol lowed tho race. I noticed Messrs. Fitzwilliam and D'Arcy Wentworth, Evan Jouos, David Davies, Edward Loo, VV. B. Walford, James Rodd, Stephon J. Pearson (Commercial Bank), Tod livanB, Sammy Jones, Tom Muir, Frod Hagon, Tom Giblin, H. Hawthorne John Hnrt, Barnov Thompson, nnd, of course, Deoblo, who has stujk to Beach like a brick. I must not o ait to say a word for Potor Kemp, who hsB alavod liko a working bullook ; and Boach'a splendid con dition ia in uo small degroo duo to " Peter tho Bilout," who whispered in my ear, as tho men woro about to start, " Bill will lote this covo to-day." Trerb sap. I took tho tip. HANLAN'B LATEST,-I was nblo to cabio to you yesterday that Hanlon had challenged Beach oncomorofor tho cham pionship. It really looks quito bona fido this time, na ho in coming with Mr. St. John (Gaudaur's laokor), who is a first-rate man and no backslidur. Beach, however, informB mo by tolegraph (ho iB away for a " spoil" for a tow days) that «hilo ready and willing to row Hanlan, ho will tako no notico of anychallougo whioh is not Bout to himdlroct, nahe ia weary of tho Canadian "novvspapor talk." Nothing would afford Böach half aa much pleasure as to boat Hanlon ngaln, and I quito boliovo that ho would bo iucliuod to rooousidor bia deciaion about not rowing in England nB lato na Ootobor, if tho ox-ohanipiou woro to como hero now nud fix things up for a match. Two things, however, nro absolutely necessary-ll a» lan must bo ou tho spot ; and ho must post nt least half tho stako so that thoro shall bo no humbug about tho afluir. I don't think that Hanlnn would bo nblo to find nny baokera in Eugland now, ns Beach bas complotoly oloctriflod tho British cognoscenti ; and tho "clover division," of whioh Mr, linios is tho oraclo, baa had a roal"facor" ovor tho swoopstako3. I beliovoit fouud tho monoy for nearly all tbo mon in tho stako oxcopt Boach, Mattorson, and Toomcrj and nomo bank accounts nro vory considerably lightor iu - oonsequonco. . To- this - must bo . ndded tho stako monoy for Boss v. Boach ; so that I Bhould Bay tho Innoa party is about "full" of Transatlantic scullers, To my mind thero la not ono of tho Yaukooa a patch upon Hanlon, who isthe bnlytnttTTIn. the world Who would haye the ghost of a chance with Beach. ' The champion, however, think* that there la rery little to choose betwoon the Canadian and Teemor. The. latter is, I believe, more of a bull dbg than Hanlan, but ho hasn't Haman's form. . . , t George Perkins intends to pay another visit to Sydney-« whore, i am sure, ho will bo well treated. Ho isa very decent young fellow, and much liked by all who know' him. As I have before said his style of sculling ia of the host, andBomeof your boat olubs might do worse than try. to secure his services as coach. .' 