V.B.C. SPRING MEETING. The first day—or Derby day—of the Mtel bourne 1886 racing carnival commenced oH' Saturduy last, and with the results came "throw-iuB" and "outs," anticipations realised and unrealised. The great bulk, however, undoubtedly had their day on Saturday, and whatever may be the result of the Cup on Tuesday the public must have somewhat the best of the ring all round, iin1«« another Zulu comes from the clouds. The attendance was estimated at 60,000, but owing to the gloomy outlook of the weather the dresses were not of the bright and radaint lustre which generally UBher in the Derby. Vice-royalty^ was . par-: ticularly numerous, including Sir Jleniy Loch (Governor of Victoria) and Lady Loch, Lord Carrington (Governor of New South Wales) and Lady Carrington, Sir W. Robinson (Governor of South Australia) and Sir J. Strachan (pernor of Tasmania.) • The sport commenced with the Melbourne Stakes, li miles, weight-for-age. which is generally regarded ae an eye-opener for the Cup. Most of the real cracks of past seasons were withdrawn, but such leal good ones as Isonomy, Industry, Boolcla, Crossfire, and Sheet Anchor were among the starters. The reBult of the tussle was a dead-heat between Isonomy and Bookla, but the former, ridden badlr in the race, easily Bottled his opponent in the run-off, and registered the distance in 2-10J. The Hotham Handicap is also looked upon as giving a line to the big handicaps, but only twelve saddled up, Hexham being made the favourite. He failed to justify this confidence when the whipB were brought out, for Claptrap immediately gave him a back view end romped in, while the in-and-outer Lancer finished under the favourite's neck third, The Hon. James White's filly Lava was made the favourite for the rich Mariby.aong Plate, for which 18 went out, but the Adelaide division had another throw-in, as Hortense, carrying 9st 51b, got home first under the whip, but Huntingtower, who was badly beaten, would have won but for Lord Carrington's filly running off and taking him with her. Bedouin wae third. . The race of the day—the Derby—followed, seven nags being saddled, and that dreaded accident, which alone could have beaten the favourite, Trident, was almost accomplished by Volcano running into the rails and blocking his stable companion at the turn for home. Robertson, who waa riding Chesham, noticed the contretemps and at once set to to take all the advantage to be gained, but although he flattered the bookmakers for a bit, and sent a cold perspiration all round the multitude who had followed the blue and white, the plucky brother to Navigator, asked to gallop in earnest for the first time in his life, came along in full determination and flashed pust the post a couple of lengths to the good, again breaking the record and running it out in 2.39. The other events were now only small beer. Huron, 7st 71b, beat The Ghost, 7st 61b i, and Stafford, 7st 61b, in the Selling; and the Coburg StakeB fell to Daystar, 6st 31b, beating the favourite, St. John, 6st 71b, and Hogmonay, 7st 61b. 