THE RED GOLOSIH. CHAPTER VIII. THE GLASS BOTTLE. WHEN I woke, the sun was shining into the room with the brilliance rather of April than January, and the merry peal of church bells which saluted my ears made me imagine for a moment that it must be Sunday. I sprang hastily out of bed, washed and dressed with the celerity of a young, ardent lover, and went down stairs. A stout, mottle-faced wench was whitening the hearth at which Mahala had knelt, like a new Cinderella, a few hours before, and two men, attired as miners, were drinking at the bar. "?Vhere is the hostess ?' I inquired of the house-girl. Instead of replying she stared at me, and grinned from ear to ear. I had no mind to be made the gaz " ing-stock of a set of country yokels, so I repeated my question pretty sharply. It had the effect of making the girl scramble off her knees and lumber across the room towards a door, which stood partly ajar, and led, as far as I .could judge, into a bedroom. She be in theyar, the mustress \- bees,' said the girl, withdrawing her rough head from the opening, and 'addressing me in a husky whisper. c Then call her out,' I retorted, im patiently. 'I want to pay my score •and be off.' 'Oh, i! I dussent!' said the wench, shrinking away from the door with her shoulders hitched up to her ears. ' She'd at me loike as if :,J.I'd done a murder, if I was to woke ,her up agin' her biddin'.' It was on the tip of my tongue to say that I would do it myself, but re flecting on our difference of sex, and 1Mahala's reputation for coquetry, I * bowed to the convenances, and, curb ing my irritation, said, 'Very good. If your mistress can't be woke up to Sreceive her customers' money, she will have to wait their convenience for it. M:y name is Furnival, and my ad 'dress is St. Agnes--Mulberry Cottage, Lower Cliff.' With that, and a good-day to the men at the bar, I walked out. Truly have St. Agnes and her sister islets been named-by the few Englishmen who know them otherwise than as indijtinct specks in the corner of a school atlas-the Maderias of the North. It was January, yet the air was fall of sunshine; the sea was blue and sparkling, and the balsamic exhala tions of innumerable pine trees floated on the soft south breeze. I drew a long inspiration of delight as I stepped from the porch of the S'Fir Castle' into all this bounteous •.vpernal beauty. ' '.2 ' What a paradise to stroll about in with Nonna by my side !' I thought, ecstatically, as I looked round at the heather-clad cliffs, the winding uphill 'road, with the grand coniferse waving on the heights to which it led, and stretching away from it on every side, aisles upon aisles of scented, sun glinted pines. Unprofitable as Bonamy Baugus ac cused the 'Fir Castle' of being, he must have conceded that it possessed an unexceptionable position for any house save an inn. For it stood on a shelf of the great .cliff of Tintagel, looking down on the .harbour and the quaint red-roofed town, and boasting a better view than any other house in St. Agnes over the boundless billows that roll towards the sunset. ,Past it went the white zigzagging road that starts from the beach, and runs through fields and fig gardens, and fir woods to the top of the cliff, Twhich is crowned by the historic drug iwepd tree, and the tenements of ts proprietor, and then descends a sharp slopo of verdure to the salt-mining ,village of St. Overy. ,' It'was built in the form of a Gothic eastle. by some dead and forgotten *mine owner; and when I made its acquaintance was old enough to be wrapped in an ivy covering from tur ret to basement. As we came up .the cliff together in tle night, Redknap had pointed out to me,. about a hundred yards below the "Fir OC'stle," a path through the plaitation which led to the small colony of villas and cottages orne which nestled together in a sheltered cleft of rook called the Lower. Cliff. Accordingly, when I came to it I struck into this path, which ran under a long tunnel of foliage that had al the .geen luxuriance of a sunny southdrn clime. Broad-leaved fig and plantains, daiuty myrtle and acacias, spread and flourished among the sheltering pines. My heart was as light as that of the lark carolling overhead, and, like it, I went my way with a song on my lips. Mind, outspeeding matter, was al ieady at Miulberry Cottage, conversing with Nonna, and not a thought strayed back to the place I had left or the night that was spent I was more than half through the plantation, and the turreted roofs of certain Gothic villas on Lower Cliff were visible to me in outline against the light blue sky, when my gaze, from being eagerly strained forward, was suddenly brought back and drawn down to something at my feet. To the noisy rustle of dry leaves under a lauristinus bush I was ap. preaching, succeeded the scamper of three rats across the path, and though Iwas no longer of an age to regard these small game with the hunting enthusi asm of a Bod Jakin, the appearance in such a place and in the plural number, seemed singular enough to excite my curiosity. So I stooped down and parted the thick, flower-crowned branches to see what dead or maimed creature had been abandoned there to the mercy of cruel rodent teeth. Great, indeed, was my amazement when the light, streaming through the opened greenery, discovered upon a bed of leaves no remains of fish or flesh or fowl, but a glass bottle. Looking at it, an uncomfortable shiver crept down my backbone, for I recognised it at once as the bottle I had seen the night before upon 'Nias Redknap's table. During the long minutes of watching and wonder, when my sleepless eyes roamed to and fro over the few objects I could see in the smackmaster's cabin, the fanciful form of this bottle had photographed itself on my mental retina, and I was as sure of its identity as of my own existence. It had a short thick, twisted neck, dotted over with small red spots, and a flattened bulbous body, with RUM in raised red capitals on one side of it. I had never seen anything like it before, nor have I since, but I thought then, as now, that it was a presenta tion bottle of some sort. Anyway, it was not the style of bthing to fling away heedlessly under a hedge, and the fact of its being there at all was puzzling enough, without the presence of the rate. I had never heard that those quadru peds formed an exception to the total abstinence principles accredited to the lower creation; but when I picked '.he flask out of its ruffled couch of leaves,I own to having had that belief momentarily shaken. There was a thick readi~h-brown sediment' at the bottom, and adhering to the sides of the bottle, and the stopper was gone. The contents looked so uninviting that it was with the most gingerly pre caution that I placed my nostrils near its sealed mouth. The instant after, Iuttered a cry, and let it drop on to the leaves again, whilst every nerve in my body vibrated with unutterable horror and disgust. CEAPTER IX. BLOOD I I WAS not long in discovering what attraction the spot had for rats. It was the red-brown semi-moist sub stance which encrusted the mouth of the bottle. It was no use trying to deceive my trained senses, as one who was not a doctor might have done. I knew for a scientific fact that the flagon those carrion beasts had been sniffing round had contained blood human blood! The horror of this discovery blinded my eyes to the sunshine, and stopped my ears to the carrolling of the birds, and extinguished the gladness of anticipation in my heart. I felt numbed, cold, stupefied. From whose veins had this blood been drawn?-his or another's-and to what purpose had it been applied ? I grew sick with the dread that filled my soul-the looming dread of some horrible crime, in which, all unconsciously, I had been implicated. What had that sinister, wolf-eyed being done with the drug-wood I gave him ?-for I detected the presence of drug wood in the coagulated blood. What foul deed, perhaps, had stained those gray morning hours whilst I slumbered ?-a deed, perchance, whose only evidence lay here. It is hard to say how long I might have remained kneeling on the carpet of fir needles, with my eyes glued to that damnatory bottle, had not a blithe young voice reached my ears, and re calledme suddenly to the errand I had set out on. I started to my feet, kicked the thing out of sight under the bush, and turned in the direction whence the sound came. Approaching me, on a path at right angles with the one I was on, and evi dently leading up from town, came a broad-shouldered brown-whiskered man, and a tall, slight, hazol-eyed girl Trevellian and Nonna ! The recognition was mutual, and, with a cry of delight on either side, we hurried t, meet each other. Words of welcome and greeting, query and response, flew backward and forw.rd like tennis-balls between us, and it was not till the first surprise of meeting was over, and we had turned our paces homewards,-I with Nonna's slender, small hand on my arm-that my brother-in-law, giving me one of his steadfast, penetrating glances, ex claimed, ' Why, Furnival, you look as if you had seen a ghost,man! What's the matter ?' His words brought back so vividly the horror which Nonna's voice had broken in upon, that it required a vigorous mental effort on my part to make the light answer necessary to allay my betrothed's alarm. Had I been alone with Trevellian, the probability is that I should have related there and then the whole story of my encounter with Reddknap, and its results; but the narrative was not deli cate enough for virgin ears-which twnty-five years ago were guarded more sedulously than they are now-and I took refuge in a half joking allusion to my long journey, end the crushing blow my lover's hoptes received when I reached St. Just, and found no one but old Ailsi to welcome me. 'Icouldn't knock you up in the middle of the night,' I replied, in answer toTrevellian's inquiry astowhat I had done with myself since I landed, 'so I got a bed at the Fir Castle,' where the smack-master introduced me; and if it hadn't been for the clashing and clanging of the church bells, I might have s!cpt until now. What's up? Some jolly waterman's wedding !' It was almost as pretty as a wed ding,' Nonna replied. ' fThe old parish church in the middle of the town, where Alf and I have been, was de corated with all sorts of white flowers, and the women all came in their gala dresses; and they had a service on purpose for the day, which is not in our prayer-books, and must be ages old -befare the Reformation, 1 should think.' Trevellian interrupted her with a laugh-a man's good-uatured, contemp tuous laugh at a girl's eircumlocu tions. ' When you've mystified him enough Nonna,' said he, 'you may as well explain that the 21st January is the feast of St. Agnes, the patron saint of the isle, and that immemorial custom requires the natives to celebrate the fact by going to church and taking part in the liturgy that has some very strong remarks to make against the communion of which St. Agnes was a conspicuous member. However, pole mics not being the strong point of our worthy islanders, we have no doubt the beautified virgin accepts the intention, and shuts her ears to the satire.' We all laughed, and the conversa ion ended, for we had reached the gate of Mulbcrry Cottage, and my sister and her fragile month-old baby appear ing at the parlour window gave a new current to all our thoughts. Sally and I were an only son and daughter, and our parents being dead we clung to each other with more fond ness than often subsists between brother and sister. I had raied against the young urchin whose advent kept me apart from Nonna at Christmas, but somebow his waxen fingers got a tight hold on my heart-strings when I saw him lying in my sister's lap, with a look of our dead mother in the newly-opc.ned eyes. He has turned out since a rough and tumble boy, and a rtalwart officer of marines; but at that time he was as frail a specimen of humanity as any pair of healthy parents ever produced, and Trevellian told me that there was not the smallest hope of rearing him in the bleak air of St. Just. So a week before, the little party of three persons had transferred their new treasure to the more salubrious atmos phere of the Scilly's; and by the time I arrived Nonna andi Polly had im parted cquite a homelike look to the little six-roomed cettage under Tingial gel Cliff. ,But they had no spare bedroom till Alf went back to his duties, a fact that Polly deplored with tears. 'It seems so cold and inhospitable,' she lamented, to htr husband; 'but there is no help for it. We shall have to get a bed out for Georgie till you go home, and Nonna and I can sleep together.' 'That sounds a good deal like offer ing a premium on my departure,' re plied Alf, with one of his genial laughs. 'Fortunately, I am not of a sensitive temperament, little wife; and with re gard to Georgie, I'm not sure that the guest beds at the 'Fir Castle,' where he slept last night, won't be more acceptable to a tried mortal than our landlady's flock mattresses. It's so handy, too-only just through the pine plantation-and a sare antiquated hostlery; oh, George ?' ' I should think so, from what I've seen of it,' I replied; 'but that is not much. I cut away like a swindler this morning, without paying my score; for mine hostess was not up, and the house wench was afraid to wake her.' 'Oh, we'll make that all right,' said my brother-in-law, easily. 'Hannah shall run across after dinner and tell them you retain the best bedroom till: Saturday. The hostess is daughter to the bonnie fish-girl, Madge, whom Ii used to buy shrimps of'as a boy; but, from all accounts, she is a bit of a coquette, which her mother wasn't. And I'll tell you what we'll do this afternoon, Geoege, and girls We'll hire old Mummery's buggy and 3rive to the salt mines. A couple of hours' spin.in the sunshine and the soft south wind will be like new life to Polly; an'd if the boy's fed before we start he'll sleep like a top till we come back.' My sister and Nonna were delighted. and began to relate, both at once, all they had heard about the fairy-like lovliness of salt mines. The calamity of my being forced to sleep out was forgotten; and though the idea of returning to the 'Fir Castle' was far from enchanting to me, a young man's nervous dread of ap pearing sentimental or superstitious kept me silent about my objections. Trevellian was the soul of kindness, but he loved his jest, and I knew, if I gave him the loophole of opportunity, might go on rallying me about pretty Mistress Pautglas till he made me mad and Nonna jealous. (To be contnued.) 