Ifiovelist. johnabberton: — ♦«?+ — THE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OK THE . '? . WORLD. . By GEOSVENOS BUKSTES .CHAPTER IV.— (Continued). '.' Of course I do,1' he retorted, jeoringly. ' Think I don't know you, sir, hoy ? Better believe I do 1 What ! Would yer ?' With tbis he raised his left linnd to ward oft the blow he shought 1 was about to strike him. T countered. and hit 'him under his jawwithastrengthtbttt fairly iUtedhimoff tbe ground, only to deposit him on hiB back upon tho grovelled pathway. My father, among other matters, tiad taught mo boxing, and in . my course through lif^ I have found it a vory useful accomplishment. However, this heavy youth was no enr. He got up, and ' shaped' in a clnmBy sort ol fashion, but with euch energy that ho split hia tight fitting jacket up tlio baelt. He was no match for me, bo that in tbe courso of five . minutes I had given hitn a beautiful pair ot black eyes and a tap upon his snub^noso, which did him more good in the direction of phlebotomy than any surgeon's skill could . ; have accomplished with lancet or cupping glass. . ' ' That's enough,' said ho, dolefully, 88 -.he blood streamed from, bis nose. ' My word I here's a precious shirt. Won't I get it from Missus. ' O'.1. , no, rather not I And won't .you get pison.* I shouldn't say so. Well. And my jacket buHted. Good-bye, Barnaby, my bov'. You're to let. Tenders invited. ?Co3 why? You'ro as good as saoked. Lsmoua 1 there's tho missus,' with which ho slunk into the shadow of the wall. But not : before the lynx eye of my worthy aunt had seen him. She called him, in a peremptory ' manner, and ho obeyod. A shout of laughter rang from my lips as I beheld bun Bnunirag towards tho good lady, his unwholesome, pasty looking faoa besmeared with blood, his jaokot split from ' stem to stern,' his Jong and crooked legs at last a foot too far through his trousers. He looked like a dissipated and damaged grasshopper, arraigned before a court i of his kind. To say that horror and indignation wore 'alternately reflected on my aunt's coun tenance is to say nothing. The impression whioh her looks, hor attitude, her fixed stare at Barnaby oonveyed to mo, was, that she |. . was in evident doubt as to whether ahe waB not the victim o£ some optical':- illusion. ' Doubtless, she considered whetherit was really ' possible that any person could have so^out raged 'the sacred character of her domain as v to strike, one of her servants. Slowly her gaze turned from Barnnby!s battered^face to mine. It was smiling and genial. I npproaohed, doffed my cap, and bowod to the lady. ? . 'I am distressed^ Madam,' said I, ' that owing to your servant's insolence, I have been compelled to chastise liim.' 'Then ymi — you, sir, havo been guilty ol this outrage?' X sroilod, and ohingKod my shoulders, and at 'this moment my father, accompanied by a dark, fat, heavy- looking gentleman in clerical ? garb, joined my aunt on the balcony. ' What is tbo matter, my dear Ellen ?' Olid tho heavy olerio, whom I at. onco identified as tho Hot. Mr. Porter. 'Matter 1' oxolnimed tho lady. ' Matter enough. A precious youth this son of yours, brother. Look at my page, Barnaby.' My ''-thsr did so, and burst iuto a fit of laughter. Nor wa3 tho Reverend Mr. Porter Unimpressed by tho iudiorous aspect of his' ' page, who, in good truth, looked, with his 1 ,ll nnlnit mn,,th i, nrl g dated garments, very much liko a defeated and J|.- demoralised dunghill rooster. I' To say that the lady was disgusted is to ? Bay little. She oast nn indignant glance at her husband, and then, muttering somo remark under her breath, stalked away. . Mr. Porter told Barnaby to go to his room, and wash his faco, and I joined my father. ' Well, master Jaok ,' said ho — ' this sort of thing won't do. You are already in -Bad disgrace -with your aunt.' 'I am very sorry.' I answered, 'but really j3ir, the fellow was most insolent. He called me a tramp and more than hinted that I was a thief ' Then,' interrupted the reverend Mr. Porter with emphasis ' I cannot blame you. You servod him right. Tho fact is, my wifo spoils ? that lout, and between ourselves, I'm not Borry that master roipegraca here, has taught ; him a lesson. There goes the lunoheou boll.' ? - With this, bo led the way, whilo my fathor , v pinching my ear, whispered to mo that ho ? was not angry, but on tho contrary pleased by tho spirit I had shown. And as his good opinion was all T oared for, X sat down to luncheon in a vory happy frame of mind. With my usual audacity I joined readily ? in tho conversation whioh was somewhat . slowly carried on by tho seniors at the table. \- J addressed myscli to my cousins with easy familiarity; and was in uo eouso deterred from this course by the efforts they made to \- check me, My aunt preserved tho most trigid demeanour towards mo. This however, I did not nft'eot to notice. Indeed, it afforded me some pleasure to ignoro her oontemptuous bearing towards me. and to tako every oppor itunity of addressing raysolf to hor ; in this I was enoouraged by observing that my fathor took. tho cue, and enjoyed the misobief. 'Why do you oall that qravo yard a p-^en, aunt?' said I ns I trifled with tha rv' —i; of a chioken. Mrs Patter stared; my father grinned, the good Mr Porter looked l ' -frightened, and the 'cirlo glanoed appre hensively at their mother Tno High Ohuroh butler however, turned aside to hida a omilo. My tactio3 woro ovidently to his taste. ' I oall it a garden, little boy, because it is a garden'' at length answered my aunt. I laughed. ' A (Jordan 1' I cohoed. ' I counted Bovon daisios'sll ot whioh wero in articulo mortif, a debilitated willow tree, and a dozen or so o( demoralised looking wall-llowcrs. A garden, aunt!' ' You aro impertinent, -little boy,' said my aunt with somo irritation. ' I presume thai we may .expect to find oursolveB nnd our wholo surroundings subject to your oritioism.' ' Nny,' I answered depreoatingly, ' I did not moan to offend you aunt. I waB nbout to proposo that you ohould permit, mo to improve your garden. Tho soil is good, ana although' little or ho sun reaohes it, I do not doubt that I could make it bloom.' 11 Como now,' oriod tho good Mr Porter ; ' that is a handsome offer, Mrs Porter.' 'A sprat to oatoh a mackerel' grumbled the lndy. ' Wo shall seo whether deeds follow fine promises. Meanwhile, littlo boy I have not forgivon you for your nssault upon my pago.' ' I was jealous of his favor with yon aunt.' I answered demurely. Sho could not help joining with tho others in tho laugh which followed ; and in this humor left us. ' And now,' said Dr Porter, ' wo will inspect tho Cathedral, and then pay our visit to Br Wrincklo. If wo reaoh tho sohool by four o'aloek wo shall find him disengaged. This wo did. Having soon tho Ciitliedrai and listened to Dr Porter's dissertation there on, wo repaired to Dr Wrinoklo, whom w. found a meek and crushed out sort of little gentleman with a kindly face and nervoin mauner — ono of thoso men who, having married a stronger nature, at onc-- yiold tip all personality into her hands. ' My boy,' said my father,' it strikes rut that the grey iup.ro is tho bettor horse. At tbo same time, there is no question which i tlio moro worthy. I liko the Dootor.- He comes with us to-night.' CHAPTER V. A MTXL13 DINNER. Tho two gentlemen now accompanied us for a walk through the principal stroots of tho town, in tho courso of which we wore in troduced to several other clerical gontlomcn, nil moro or less of tho type of the Reverend Dootor X'ortor or tho Tievorond Doctor Wrinokle. Any body who may havo resided in n Cathedral town in England will remem ber theso types, and will, I am sure, acquit mo of any exaggeration in my desoription ol these representatives- Clerical lifo in such towns has beon ably dealt with by the latr Anthony Trollops. It is charaotcristio ol English lifo, and ia eeon nowhero else than in Cathedral cities. And it bears with it thai sound, porfumod spirit o! conservatism nnd dainty gentlemanlinesa which is nowhero else diecovered in the churches, save in the Ohuroh of England. The parsons of thn ohuroh may bo prejudiced, proud, and narrow of thought, and aristocratic in their poli tical opinions, but they aro essentially gentle men. At least this is my conclusion, and I havo had exceptional opportunities of judging. Tho doctors too, accompanied us to the Guild Hall, over whioh ancient bnilding wo woro shown by tho Town Olork, a gentioiran by tho way, who died not many months ago nt Ballarat. And presently wo returned to Dr. Porter's residence, where we partook of somo slight refreshment, and where I learned from tbo High Church butler that Barnaby, tho page, bad been put to bed, nnd tliaf loeeheB had been- applied to his swollen optics. ' Which X Will say, sir,' rcmatkod th- butler ' they nre orful. The ladies in tin kitchon, sir, aro dolightod. Por if over ther; was a pup as needed kiokin', that there Bar naby's one. But sir, bless yer, 'tis as mud as our plooos is worth to say n word agii' him; Missus is so took up with tha liujlj lump.' It will be seen by the reader that I bad created some interest in tho minds of thos' with whom I had como into contact. And this was what I desired. I could never be!' to remain in the background. My polioy har ever boen to push myself to tbe front, ns T believe I shall show in the course of this narrative. Bidding Dr. Porter farewell for tho present, Dr. Wrincklo and my fathor and myself lef' tho houso, and walked down tho high street. Hero tho Dootor parted with us. 'You will be prompt to half-past tiix Doctor?' said my father. ' Romember, n: apology can excuse a nr-ia wuo Keeps a uuiuei i waiting.' 'True, true. I shall bo thero to th' minute, Captain,' and thon tho littlo mat' walked off, muttering i'.side3 by the dozen. ' A decent little gentleman, Jack,' Enid mj father. ' What a pity ono cannot say n' much of the gentlewoman, his wife.' ' Sho is an ogre,' I oriod. 'And did yen soo her moustnoho, sir ?' 'Faith I did, Jaok; there was no need fm a miorospopo to do that-.' Then bo rum.' l-hf bell, and summoned tho landlord, Mr. Beoker. Mr. Beoker was the very typo of an English bonifaeo of olden dayB. His oonntenanoe beamed with tho spirit of hospitality. Ho was stout and hearty, and red of faco, and ot husky voice. Ha looked as though ho had been suckled upon rare wines and fed upon roast beef from his very advent into tbis world. Ho listened to my father's instruc tions with grave attention. 'A dinner for three,' Baid ho. 'Dr. Wrinoklo— an excellent ond most learned gentleman — yourself, sir, aud your son. At half- past six o'clock. You may rely upon mo, sir,'1ind with a bow and a flourish he left us in order to personally superintend the pre peration of tho feast. At six o'olook preoisoly came tho dootor, sorupulously attired in solemn blaok, and looking, for all tho world, liko n mummy dressed for a funeral. But ho was in high spirits. Indeed, ho convoyed tho impression that he had beon lot off his chain in order to enjoy a run. His face was puckered with, smiles. Ho laughed and chuckled. He quoted Latin moralities' for my delectation ; in a word, he behaved very much as his piifciis might havo dono under Bimilar oiroum stances. At half past six o'clock Mr. Becker an nounced that dinner was served, ond wo all . sat down to a positive work of art. A diBh of oysters preceded tbe feast. Then oame clear soup, followed by Bome delicious soles fried to n turn, with a marvellous diBh of stowed cols. Ahauncli of Wclch mutton came next with a aouplo ot tasty entrc&a.; Some snipe served on toast, some capital Bweeta, to whioh, with n youngster's palate for suoh matters, I paid particular attention. These good thingB, with a noble dessert, made up a very tolerable dinner. I do not know what tho Doctor thought oi tho matter, but I oer tainly judged from tho expression of his face that ho was at onoo delighted and astonished. An after aoquaintanoe with the domeBtio economy of his household explained to me that our little dinner must have been a revela tion to him, ' Well ' said tho Doctor, ns ho Bat baok nr.: his chair, and surreptitiously loosened threo buttons of his waistcoat. ' X must certainly say, my dear Captain Abbcrton, that your hoB- pitality ia overpowering.' . * ' Ah,' said the Dootor. smacking ' liis lips. ' an excellent wino, albeit Dr. Johnson sneered at it. Claret for i boys, port for men, but brandy for heroes. Hoi he I Ho was an empbntio personnge truly.' ' We should hnvo hoard but littlo of him, Dootor,' said my fathor, ' had it not been lor his toady, Boswell,' ' Positively you aro oorreot,' returned the Dootor, ns ho drank off another bumper. 'Boswell's tittlo-tattlo iB most entertaining.' ' Try these olives Dootor,' said my father, and tha littlo gontlomcn courteously accrpted tha oflor. Novor, X think, shall X forget that 'wrinkled oountenaneo ns its owner cautiously placed an olivo in his mouth. He pucknrcd up his eyes, twisted liis lips, and expressed in his faco tho most exquisite disgust. It was ovidont thnt olives woro not to tho tasto of tho littlo man. However, ha bolted that whioh ho had placed in his mouth. ' Ahem I ' said ho, 'really, now, that was an olivo. I have road of thom in Virgil, but positively novor havo I boforo tn3ted of them. What, now Captain, may bo your idea of tho flavor.' ' Woll,' laughed my father, ' if tho truth must bo told, tho impression oonveyed to me when I first ato an olivo was that tho fruit had boen preserved in what sailors oall ' bilge water.' But olives flavor ono'tf wino im mensely.' ' Do thoy, now,' eaid tbo Doctor, dubiously. ' Humph 1 I think that I prefer tho wino without tho olives,' and ho dipped into the claret again. Ho was so simplo, so innocent in his ways that really it was im possible to ohook the impulse of friendship towards him. And, presently, ns tho wine mounted into his head, ho displayed foBtivo qualities of the most charming kind. Ho sang us a song, in a little, thin, piping voice, nbout Ohloo nnd Stophron, nnd bo on, with many romarknblo trills and quavorings. Ho told us some littlo otorieB of his early college days, when lio was 'a naughty boy, sir, and a aiul, young dog.' In a word, he made himself very agreeable, and my father, whose spirits wero of that elaslie kind whioh is proof against dullness, surprised even me by his happy wit and humor. He sang some noble songB, with a deep, baritono voico that rang and ecbcod through tho long room, and brought to tho door an admiring audienoo of waiters and chambormaids. ' Now, Jaok,' said ho, as ho finished ' Tha Old Temerairo.' Come, boy. I,at us hove your song. Sing us ono of the ditties MonBieur Tondour taught you,' nnd ho winked knowingly. Nothing loth, I burst forth with Boranger'a ' Lc Yin el la Coquette,' Binging tho ditty with spirit and emphasis. Tho Dootoi'a face was n study. ' Bless my soul I' he said, presently, tam ing to my Jatbor, whose eyes wero danoing, and whoso lipa trembled from suppressed mirth. ' Where did the lad learn such n snng. French too. Well I'm rusty as to French— but still, humph and he shook his head aud drank off anothor glass of claret. My father laughed aloud. 'A young Ecamp, eh 1 E-octor,' ho oriod. 'You muBt teaoh him to forget his Bohemian education. I'm afraid that I havo Badly neglected him.' 'Nay, nay,' said tho Doctor, gravely, hold- ing up ono hand in deprecation. ' I do not think that. The lad in clover, no doubt, and has picked up mony matters whioh perhaps it would havo beon well he should not havo learned. But serious study will soon banish thceo toys of fancy,' and again the Dootor paid court to tho claret. Ho had passed from tho first to the second etage, and was now as solemn and didactic as, a few moments before, ha had been lively ond volatile. It was now nigh upon ten o'clock, and the Dootor protested that he must return. ' A married man, sir,' ho said, with some thing very like n hiooough. ' I must keep good hours. Bless me — what a singular phenomenon. Will yon bo kind enough Capt'cn to inform me— inform me— how many there aro' of you,' and bo gazed piti ously fit my father, who burst into laughter. At this moment, the door was opened sud denly, and Mrs. Wrincklo entered tho room with tho stride of- a grenadier. Without noticing ray fathor, she approached her hus band and seized his collar. ' Pretty goings on, fruly,' she said, ' ten o'clcek nnd not abed yet,' and sho tugged at ber husband's coat. The little gentleman's imbibition of sound claret had aroused within him that species of valour which ia known as Dutch courage. Ho struggled to his feet. 'Madam,' said ho, 'what moana this unseemly conduct ? Are you awaro who I am ; who I am 1' ' Como along,' eaid tho lady, ' who yo-i nre, you pitiful, little, dried up, sapless bur lesquo upon a man. I should think I did. Good night gentlemen. Your hospitality has been too much for this poor creature, ' and with theso worda she gave n sudden tug and tho littlo Doctor disappoored with his captor through tho door. My father shook with laughter. ' Thero, Jaok,' said he, ' thero you behold nn illustration ot tho influence of lovely woman. .1 do not think that your mamma could havo distinguished her? elf so graphically. But come boy, get to bed. You must sea me off tn-mnrrnw mnrnina. Wo nhnll nnt kpo each other for some timo to como, after 'wo start for tho other cud of tho. world,' and he drew mo towards him and kissed my olieek. My heart was too full to answer him. When X got to my room I threw myself upon tho bod and wept bitterly. A sense of loneliness and desolation seized upon me ; I felt for the Dist time tn ray life, the utter misery of one who was about to part with his hue friend. I cried myself io slrep. In the morning when- 1 awoko, my father was standing by my bed. His eyos full of tendorness nnd solicitation met mino he smiled. ' ' Como Jack,' ho cried, ' up with you, I have only nn honr for breakfast and to reach tha train. While you dress I'll havo a litto talk with you. I jurared up and began to dress hastily. Meanwhile my father briefly instructed mo that X was to write to him at least once a month. He gave me twenty pounds. ' Of course Jack,' ho said, ' you need not dissipatfl this largo fortune. But you will need n littlo money. As I understand, thero are some youngsters at tbis school whose friend ship may serve you. There ia nothing, my son, which'can bo so rendily bought as friendship. Be discreet, therefore, ar,d you may turn your twenty pounds to good profit. At the end of overy quarter you Ehall bavo another tip.' Then ho was silent, sitting by tho window, looking abroad with that Self-contained look whioli tells that tho influence of all exterior matters arc unieit. tie was very grave during breakfast, and said but litllo more as wo drove to tho station. And then, merely repeating his injunctions to write regularly, ho warmly c-mbraced me, nnd wo parted. Blind with tha taars I in vain Bought to ooutrol, I mado my way baok to tbo hotel, and there,' getting my traps together, drove to Mr. Porter's habitation. If its gloom had oppressed me tho day before, I felt its influonoe tenfold to-day. A shudder thrilled me as I walked up the damp Bteps and rang the bell. The High Ohnroh butler admitted me with a deferential bow. In him I had oertaialy found an ally. CHAPTER VI. I A3[ COBBED. Recoived with formal oordiality by my aunt and ber family, I Bat down to tho break fast, which they wero oareful to inform mo they had delayed, upon ray account. After this I was shown to my room, n ghoBtly apaitment, fairly furnished, however, and looking out upon tho Cathedral yard. It was now nine o'clock, and I hastened to school, tho duties of whioh had already commenced ero I arrived. . The little dootor looked Eomewhat Bhame. faced bs I ealuted him, but ns I.was_ oareful to preserve -tlie« utmost respect ill my demeanour towards liim he soon became at me, ami questioned -mo as to my acquire ments. Ho told mo that I must oommcnoe forthwith the study of the olassias, concern ing the valuo of whioh ho was moBt enthuei nstio. ' Tho modern languages my dear boy,' said ho, ' come afterwards. The basis of an elegant education aro tho classics. Ab for Frenoh, ho added, with n faint smile, 'I nm afraid you know moro than I can toaoh you.' With this ho hnnded me my books nnd oon ducted mo to my class dosk at tbo lower end of tho largo hall whioh served for tho school, room. I was mortified to find that my olass mateaworoinnllcaseBmy superiors, and deter mined to do my utmost to ncquiro tho position held for the most part by thoso of my own ago. Filled with this resolution, I conqucrcd my curiosity in respect to my sohool-fcllowB, nnd sot to work with a will to master tho initiative steps of Oiesar's Commentaries. My memory was excellent, and as I possessed (and still possess) a suporior faoulty for con centrating ray thought and energies upon any subjeot whioh I took in hand, I was quito roady with my lesson whan tho class was oallod up. The Doctor was vcryple.-ued. 'I boo, I see,' said hu, ' you and I will got llong togother,' and ho patted my head. At twelve o'olock tha work ceased for two hours and wo we were released. With n rush tho boys passed into' tho play- ground whither I followed them. I was instantly sur rounded. ' How old aroyou, yokel,' nsked a bighulk- ing follow with tho visage of n cowboy. ' What'a you dnd ginger,' inquired nnother referring to tho auburn tint ot my hair. ' Let us oob him. Fine or oob, fine or oob, and tho ory was taken up as half a dozen of tho bigger boys seized mo and threw mo on tbo ground. 'Now new boy, said tho big fellow to whom I havo referred, as ho proceeded, in common with others to tie hard nols in his hand kerchief. ' It ia tha custom of this school to initiate every comer into tho mysteries and ceremonies of tho guild. You have tho option of bnying off, you know,' nnd bo Btood over mo ready to strike. I was furious, and Betting my tooth sworo that I would havo a mighty revenge. ' Turn him on his face lads,' cried tha big. fellow, and in a trico I was set with my face to the gravel. Then nt a given signal, each boy struck me with his pocket handkerchief, ohanting tbe while. ' ' Now boy, now boy, why has he como to us ? Cob him, oob him, putjnis e.t calcibus. So ho'll learn, so he'll learn docenio deci:nus; Let him know, that we rule, propria qua mart Sw, It was with tha greatest difli'culty that X controlled my cries, for the pain was intense. xxu ai.ul, ijuwuvur, my jxuKfjU'K ueuteu uuu juj captors sprang aside. I leaped to my feet, and without moro ado walked up to the big bully who was the ringleader in my torture, and stiuck bim with my best strength straight between tho eyes. For . my age, I was very powerful and in this case rage and pain lent me added force. The bully dropped upon the ground, stunned and insensible. ' Now,' said I bb I brushed tbe dust from my clothing, ' you fellows have got hold of the wrong pig by the ear this time. I'll thrash you ono by ono before a month is out,' and with this I walked oil. As I left I turned my head to observe that my bully had arisen and was being supported into tbe houso by somo of his oomrades. ' Well Master Abberton,' said the Reverend Mr. Porter as we eat down to luncheon, ' and how did you got on to- day. ' Very fairly,' I onswered, as I disposed of a slice of ham. ' Sir, I had to thrash one bully, and, I Buppose will hsvo to deal with the lot.' My aunt looked nt me, oglinet, 'I'm afraid little boy (she used this phrase to tako me down a peg,) that your disposition for fighting will bring you into trouble. You had not been in Exeter an hour ere you blackened Barnaby's eyes, so that ho is now unpresentable.' 'I fancy,' said I, 'that ray friend the bully is in n similar fix by this timo. The fact is madam, I do not choose to be insulted or imposed upon.' ' In your journey through life,' remarked tho reverond Mr. Porter, sententioualy, you will find, I think, that you must put up with many insults, many impositions. ?'I don't think I shall,' I answered, ' unless indeed it should bo expedient to do so. May I trouble you for another slice of hnm.' X Baw the girls glance at cach other, as tho reverend Mr. Porter, first staring incredulously at ma, proceeded to cut me n minute slico of hnm. ' Thanks' said I, ' another slice please. Sohool work makes r- follow hungry.1' The ghost of a grave smile was to bo seen for n moment upon the High Church butler's countenanco, as ho handed me my plate ; and I was not displeased to note that Lilian tha youngest and fairest of my cousinB, was entertained by my oool and audaoious manner. As for my aunt she stared at mo haughtily. I met her gaze. ' What iB it madam,' I asked. 'I was thinking, little boy,' sho answered with a frown, ' that nowadays children nre wonderfully impudent.' 'You nro right, madam,' I answered, ' though why the thought should bavo oauBed you to stare so at mo, 1 do not understand. ' Then you have less wit than I give you credit for,' Bhe replied. ' Possibly, madam,' was my anBwer, ' I doubt not however, that my reeidenca. here will serve to Bharpen it. But aa to your iudieioua observation concerning tho impu dence of the modern boy, I quito ogrea with you. Ho iB an audacious young cub. 'But havo you not considered, my dear lady, that tho eauso of hia impudence may be traced to his natural rebellion againBt the tyranny of his elders. Positively it is bo. Tba modem boy objects to bo snubbed. In his revolt he perhaps goes to extremes, and so snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation.' It is impossible to oonvey any idea of the expression of the reverend Mr. Porter's fnoe as I delivered this littlo address. Always heavy and Btupid of aspect, bis visage now ex pressed tho utter bowildermont and conster nation of its owner. Ho set down his knife and fork and gazed at me. As for my aunt, her frown grow darker aasha sharply re-joined, 'You talk too much, Sir, for n littlo boy. Children should listen, not speak.' ' Nay,' I laughed, ' my tongue must wag. And I suppose, aunt, that I am an-impudent fellow. The Spanish Baying doubtlesB ap plies to me : ' Poca barba pola virgutma,' and I drank my small beer with no air.' 'And what may that mean young Sir,' saidrpy reverend host, nt last finding -his- tongue, '(.Little beard littlo shame,' I laughed, -as I glanced at Lilian, whoso blue oyeB wore danoing. ? ' Then,' said my aunt venomously, ' tho sooner your beard grows the better- for your modesty.' And with this Parthian shot Bhe arose. I flew to the door, opened it, and as she passed out bowed to the ground. It was ovidont that our relations, wero scarcely of a peaceful oharactor. When sho had gone with her brood, the reverend Mr. Porter called me to him. _ ? j ' Have a glass of wine my boy,' said he. 'And I liko you none the. less for your impudence, ' and tho ' reverend gentleman chuokod. ' To tell you the truth,' ho added, 'you are the first who 1ms -ever had the courage to taoklc her,. It seema a strange thing .for tho master of tha ^houso to Bay, Master Abbcrton, but the faot ia my wife is a triflo overbearing. In short, I don't like her temper.' - : 'And so,' I laughed, 'you rather enjoy the epeotaclo of another's rebellion, pgilinst' the lady's eccentricities;' . (Xo 