A ROMANTIC WEDDING:. A SOUTH W2XES IGGESD. Most of the snrientmansions of South Wales have their legends. Some of these relate to ghosts and fairies, others to ro mantic incidents marvellous as they. Before foe steam, whistle shrieked, amid foe Ii»Hh and vales, these traditions were religiously believed, not only by foe illiterate and superstitious peasant, but by the more cultivated proprietor, and even in this nineteenth -century many are loth to acknowledge them to be mere creations of distorted imagination. A lady, since dead, gave the writer several Btrange Htories which may not be without interest for readers carious in each details. She was born and died in one such old mansion, and herself put faifo in thefriendBrfrom whom she heard fitiofii ortin rn riiairi.iini Kfjipvm in r.hnRP who related them. Thus traditions descend from generation to generation, until we feil to eiiminate-the trne from the false, the real from the ideal We can only " tell foe tale as it was told to us," which was, after all, much what Homer must have done in his ' Iliad ' and ' Odyssey.' The following is not only certified but dated, and was received as ' authorised ' by the domtaidnTitg of the heroine. In foe year: 17.21 adaughter and heir ess was born to a Squire of high degree. But her birth cost the iife of her mother. The chimes that had been set & pealing . iu the old church tower as soon, as the | news spread that ths infant drew breath, soon changed to foe clang of foe passing bell. All foe villagers who were agape with delight one instant, cried ' Lord have mercy on her soul ' the next, and j listened . with silent awe ae, minute by minute, eighteen. Bofemn warnings fell from the iron tongue - of the ruier of foe belfry. ' Gone 1 and not yet ont of her teens !' cried foe . people. ' What wiil foe Squire do without her i' The Squire consoled bimsslf. Scarcely had twelve months rolled away, when the joy-bells pealsd forth again, and he brought a second bride to his castle, and a step-mother to his pretty baby, Ermen- trude. Hitherto the child bad been the sole joy of his heart, and the light of his lonely mansion-; now, a proud and haughty dame roied . hint and his depen dents. The new wife looked with jealous eyes on the . child of the old. ' I will give to my lord a son who shall displace foe puling infant,' she said : but no soo came. For six weary years the stately lady's jealousy of foe little Ermentrude and longing for children of her own lasted ; but spits and hope were equally vain. She alienated fos child who would have loved her, and in punishment. God sent to her none of her own. Yet Ermen trude flourished as a flower beneath the fostering-cue of ber nurse. If she-hid heraeif at the sound of her step-mother's voice, what mattered I she was received in the sheltering arms of her faithful Betto. and consoled by toffee and sugar cakes.::. The Squire, her father, was self -indul gent, aud troubled himself - not about > . -n- rr_ i 3 - i l sucn truung minim, ne ma a iiauu- some wife, an heiress, and a wine cellar — what coold he" want more 1 oue child, was enongh.for him, and his lady was careful wot to display before -him.frer.an- tipathy for. Ermentrnde ; so no tosqniet- ingaaspiaans disturbed his f requentpota - tioas. Nevertheless, they -were disturbed. An adversa-ry- even more fetal than his wins cup ovBrpo wered:. him, and that enemy. was Daafo. . The Squire : died, suddenly; and foe child. Ennentmda; at. six years of age, was heiress of all . his possessions. Save her dowry; the jealous wife had nothing; Little did ErmentnidB reahse her poafe tion: S he scarcely understooddh loss she hadeimljiiiiHl 'in. her father Allehn knew waa, that instead.. -of. her .step- mnfoer'scold ,aalntationB,foe:waecUBped in. the arms.. of loving, uncle, her own mother's brofoer, who waa constituted her guardian. What Bhould ahe know of death f She looked with terror- on her father's white face and rigid form, and piteoualy asfced him to Bpeak to her ; she etood- .at her nursery window while foe gramirfonmali proceeeioB wound pmtnFwilinh-flhB was OOW miotjiim £ -ami JuiJAid mtliw rtiildish grief" onherc fordnnrae's-bMKn. But no sympsfoetic wonFlBadiedrher - ear from : the hanghfyi ladyxariro -tEmainBd "scareaiy- waa the: fefoer laid' in' foe '»mi.b«liai;jrinrp8ii«i nil ink i 'ail told foata greatrdianga awaited her. Sife,WHKtofoaveatiig,3caeaa4-!liva..witli hEruiicfe:andgiramia»r;JilieE»qiiTr»»;nr awayr - When. Wish liah/iBto" said sto- hM:lmnda:wifoJiri£g&/fe:had:not. h« uhcfe«mlBac3nB£frtodeflysnd--vow«i She : pausBtonntito nansidfirTietiHW.mi might pPTO »uuightynjirin, iike himnt amro;igifoBrod"foBBlhato:.A:WMmgwj toripnteBphhrnijiSe widow. She fiumd her in the profonnd- est of weeds, and. shrank fromthe: face, now ansafteoed by feir carls, and xhe aevere white cap thataurmountai it . 'You wiii remain here, madam, eo long aB yon may please/ said the uncle ' ErmentnidB will live with ua till her majority. Her propertywiii accumulate. She will be the greatest heiress in "Wales.' ' Donbtiees yoa have your schemes, sir. Yon-have an: only son,' replied, the lady. ' Yes, madam I tmstfoey may fancy one another,' waa>. the reply. 'I shall hope, to retern here to complete the anaira wnen i. navB oommittea JStmen- triide to mysiBteFs-csre:' But tha chiid-nnderstood nothing of this.- She. touchadlieratepmotfceria odd fingera; made - ho- cutIbct, and soon found herself in hec own grand coach, : drawn bjrfonr finB horses. Nerfoer did she realise; as aim iefrrhs-anceatzai home and drovB throngh tha fine park, that what she saw vmo-hmar-'Her little hand was in her undsfe. . Betto aat oppoeite ; Bo-peep/ ner dog, .was' in her lap, and her canaryot her-eide. She was happy. She was welcomed to her new abode by her motberVonlysiBter; a stately widow, who_lived--wifo-her-iinole, x widower. Hnsbands and wives -reenrad: stangdy and early raparatad- in her fondly She was ' introduced, to her . conrin,.a hoy a few- years her senior, from wimm abe shrank,, as never having beenaxamatomed to chadrem He, a ryedrbeeafoance, and. the oommaKemeat'-of their pro posed courtship was not—favourable Stiii, they were -intended for one an other, and their- eiders : nodded and smiled at thisfoyuesB, aud said Jt would soon wear off: Mistress Bettoiooked oo, and thought the match enitabie enough, thoogh she hadher idesB con- cerning an alliance between consinx ' But maybe. thia one-is made in heaven;' she soliloquised afterwards. The boy'suame was Anbery, and he soon became foe slave of the imDerioos little maiden who shared his tasks and. sports. He heard that she was to be his when they were old enough, to gether with ber vast estates, and he. was nothing loth. She, too, was. made-. to understand that they were intended for oue another. ' Thou shall not. have me or my lamia,' she was wont to say ; snd to her nurse she would add: 'In sooth Aubrey iB a milksop, and I love him nob Besides, he is my cousin, and thou knowesr, Betto, that I cannot marry one so near of kin.' This, as she grew up to maidenhood. ' It progresses well, sister,' whispered her uncle; aside. It is. as it should, be,', replied Dame Dorothy, the Annb They were a cold mid diplomatic pur. But Aubrey whs, as Ekmentrode de clared, a milksop. He was but a vain and silly youth, and not one to win the heart of a high-spirited girl, such as she. - There, was, however, a neighbouring knight who sometimes came to the PI is, whose secret soit. sped, better. Guardians, like love, ate often, blind, and the Squire bethought himmlf; not that a maiden scarcely yet fifteen, would be forward enough to fancy a man of one- and-twenty, or that his neighbour, Sir Tudor ap Griffith, . would, fall . inlays with a chiiiL- Vat m it . ' T am going to tbe castle to-morrow to see after thy property, Ermmtrude,' said the uncle, one morning. ' I shall be absent two days. Aubrey wiii take care of thee and of Aunt Dorothy;' ' I am fifteen, and can take care of my- seif, sir,' replied foe young lady, with a saucy curtsey. 4 Besides; it is I who must take care of Aohrey. He has not the spirit of a mouse.' ' Yes, child ; thou bast foe greater courage, as ahouid-heseeing that .when you two are wed, thine wiil be foe larger inheritance.' 4 And when is that to come to para ?' asked Ermentrude; gravely. ' When thou artgrown lo womanhood, I reckon, in a year or so, or maybe eooner,' responded- the node. Ermentrnde made him a profound reverence, as he stoodJiefore her, and a iiaaghty lrttle nioriks he turned his back: Then she hastened to her nurse and bade her take holiday. 4 Thou ahalt. order Shon, the groom, til UfUl» Lfll«fnrar .nil fchium ahsH: 1 ridfi behind him on. my- pillion to Gastell Coch, and thou ahalt take a note from me to Sir Tudor ap Griffifoj-and thoa sbalt- . await his anaww,' were the damsel's hasty-orders. . To Costeil Coch ! It ia over twenty- good miles '' , cried Betto, uplifting her hands. ' Ah ! but thou most do it, for thon: knowest that! will never wed my cousin Aubrey, -for he is-e fotriifo'fellow,- aud I love a man of mettle. Sir Tudor, will order what is best; and thou must be qnick, He told me what to do when : -uncle went from home, and thon artmy only confidante.' Ermentrnde threw her- arms rtranriiierr nurse, who had never thwarted berrod. no sooner had the Squire deputed,- than: Shan; groom, with Betto on a pillion at of CastslICocfa... ' I have given her a holiday, and may be she win not he back to-night, ex plained Ermentrnde.. 'Thou takest too much upon thee, child,' replied Dame Dorntiiy.. ' I am no Joules a driBr'naa'am,' re- Wewitl fregTandnfaen waareof age to wedj' gut in Anbray: ' - Betto nppearadET'Bat.afaa-aod Shim ta- turnedr-foe followingTriay and brought with. foem uroissisBrfrolicSiirThdnr ap Griffith: . Meetme tB-gBHrowmgBTiiny at- seven ot xne ciocx menpstn i opweuannuas, -7 u tro, and;Erinhfifaiifleiwaa in-a mighty ffastaLat-foe prospect of so soon.:eeeing habrax 4 My. boneHiaclie»igithfriity mdgs:'on: .hniebHlspleadealHabBra Bdriter 'I cauneverlnito'andmiB»ad>rowBriy2 f T6rii " rlgnaii' r iUeiXihn im-- flrinnHsnaiden -I y" , , , j i u l iiijeuridiejIiaedinfoiiM Iij ImiH — beneath, larch, and Oik and aspen: Earth-was aiightwifodBwdrops foroagh whieh the sanbeams puxoed, and lights and shadows, phed at. hide and seek in each forest glade. The hirda wsrbled so lustily that, thetery sky and air. seemed, alive with melody, and all nature.held jubilee to greet foe glodchild and.her knightly lover. 4 How- slow thou art; Betto. WeshalL not reach foe oak in time/ oried Erinsnv trude. ' I am. repentiog of my ride of yeateri da,/ answered the none. 'Fie, Betto! But I see him! And he ormcniunae, ciappuig ner fimnOK ang. rumring forwards ' Nay, bnt a stranga is with, him/ she added, - pausmgtnd frowning. . Rmrth st gigantic nak stood a gallant yoath; dadin tbewdvmaaiiddaee.-af -the period. He advsncedto meet her; and kneeling on the dewy aod, respectfully kissed-her hand. 4 r have- bronght- the .priest end the: ring/he-said. 4 Bnt whet will my guardian -say I asked . Ermentrude, charmed yet temfied. 4 What matters it 1 Comequickiy,. and let us be msmedjar hewiU i WBd yoir-to Anbrey.' Betto began to remonstzxte,- but the youth ied the scaroeiy relnctaot .maiden to Lleweilen's oak where stood a priestly formin ftdl canonicals, prayer book in: hand. ' A fine-church,, truly, rod a grand: choir/ ianghed Ermentrnde, as she set foot on foe eoft moss , beneath, foe big oak, sod beato the birds csrolting in foe huge. branches.. . What, would she know of matrimony i She loved Sir Tudor with all her heart, and. would obey him in all thingB ; so she stood with him, half amosed, half frightened, before the priest, and foe maraageaerviee began. .But shesnbered sb she listened, ami wonid have stayed it haif-way, bad not foe fiery bridegroom urged heron. Still, she smiled, as he pfeced-foeiring on. her finger; and wept a little when they knelt together to receive the faeoedictioa and exhortation of the facile priest. It was easier- to get mar ried in those days than oh est Bat scarcely was foe solemn service ended when she suddenly jumped up, exclaiming, 4 The "Bell ! The. Bell !' and. j without further, ceremony took to her heels, followed fay her faithful nurse. ' By my troth it is a fine thing , to be married,' she exclaimed, as they reached the Pias just as foe big breakfast bell ceased to inform the world that it was eight o'clock. 4 Wbere-baattoDU been, child f Thy dress ia disarranged aud damp, thy hair dishevelled I' said Aunt Dorothy. 1 To the woods to hear ths birds sing,' she replied, holding down her. head, abashed. Meanwhile Sir Tudor and hie recreant parson had mounted their horses rod ridden off, setting foe bells of all tbe village churches-a ringing as they went. ' For foe marriage of Sir Tudor Ap Griffith with: the beautiful Ermentrude of Castell Mawr/ he explained, as he «c«Hjrari gnid piwuw Annmg belLrtUgetS and sextons. And still the young bride foonght within herself, 'It a fine thing, to be married.:' . But when her uncle returned at mid- day, she wondered if, after all, that golden . circlet which . she wore on her. finger had. -quite transformed, the world into paradise. 'What means this, niece V he asked severity. ' The church bells are set agoing everywhere, aud. they tell me it ia for the marriage ofSir Tadnr ApGriffithand my kinswoman, Ermentrnde Traberne.' 'And so it is, uncle/ upspoke tbe bride. ' We were married this monringf' ' Married, you young .minx!' cried her uncle, seizing her by the arm aud shaking her. Who taught thee to tell lies to thy elders.' ' They ore not lies, for see tbe ring/ she. cried, bravely ; believing that foe sight nfit .would pacify her uncle. But he stampted with rage, aud dragged, foe dauntless .maiden to her chamber,caiiughermany naughtyuamES as they went, and threatening vengenanca: 'Thou mavrak- imnrison. bnt fonn canst, not unmarry -me/ she said, when he loosened his grasp. ' I can.ancL £ will I' he cried, leaving her to her reflections, as- be locked her into her solitary chamber.. Then he songhtfoe .tumbling Betto, and torned her uncerem oni nnsly out of bis bouse. Truly he: was in a furious passion. And scarcely less fHrious .was hhiBon, Aubery . He loved his cousin littla, rod: her broad -acres-, more. So he. made a commcmanaewifo hiB father, and they rode off to foe notaries to tee what could . be done. Ennentntde had plenty of time for reflection. She remained in snlitsrv: etete.. for a whole week. No Auct Dotofoy! No .Betto ! Only her uncle, . followed: "at meal times; by her aunra miid.;'for.althonirin:dnrance,: shewes not doomed to brand and water 'Tbou-BhaJt be freeso eoonas thou promise, to renounca him who has deceived thee into a sham marriage; and to take as foy affianced - thy -cousin. Aubrey,to.whQm.:thnn.art- betrnfoed.' 4 1 am notibetrofoBdl to Aubrey; "and. will- nnt .wed. him/. eried Ermriitnnli1,' braveiy: ' And I, b»" foy ipiBrdian;. aweac thon shalt.not have thfo-feiasSir Tudor, who. has- wheedled, thee forfoto this sham. bridaLV . 'ffeildi-.faif Iwrarid I wen - of age;- But her camagwdidK'not.ffincfa::. 6i»r fewibooks readlng wifo : onnsnri. per-- HstamestiaHeyff?!aavotBa.: EspeaaHys did :sho pernsftdailyitheriiaii iagecBcvice ThfetenromsgedhattorertstanoeAnasif much asKhidfelrFVBdfouwariawfrdWBfc Hheraiiai:'kii|"nphro;syariis:TO; andhrtfevoprite-dTlly-aiiWfcriiBnnBgog Ijovdarr'tooAltiw." . .'..i ; ... " BjfKdinotipnBBertuirBftBCfaBwinitiiurtoc rawuviumsdwiAwrE:jfaj»i . - - . V rGteiftii Ahwil! niininiqtiriiiir flisl iff I oatuffefodwindowiixt.toBrtEiimco fesssd, melancholy mood. From her | apartment foe ennid see a vast expa -ae of country; for ancle's house -stood high. Mroytimes a day, if not quite ail day long, foe had eased upon a certain turnpike rosd that wound through wood rod medowa down below, and. had re peated aloud, ae if to eome invisible, fifand,-. the words of Blue Beard's I imprisoned, wife: 'Sister. Ann,. Bister Ann; do you see any body comingi'.Bnt nobody had appeared save her cousin Aubrey. He manag-d to be . always in right ; bnt sfae took no heed, of his signals and vagaries. On the serantii morning, however, eke yenztnaa troop or twenty nurse men galiophig furiously; In front was one who led by t ie bridle a milk-white steed, which was riderless. . 4 It is I It must be !' foe cried, breath lessly, gating until the cavalcade . was out of sight. Then she. was . conscious .of a strange commotion in and without the house. She did not know that her uncle kept all his servants ready armed,, or that he and Anhrey: were alw armed- But the: twenty horsemen . suddenly reappeared, tearing- up the drive: She. perceived that foe white horse bora a lady's saddle, snd-foat he. who led the men was Sir xodar Ap Grunts, lastauUys&e; waven a white scarf to him, and he kissed his hand, in return: ' What will be next V .foe ejaculated. What happened nexr she could not see ; bnt it" was highly melo-dramatic. The twenty hoisemen: were met at the threshold uf the -Squire's : door fay twedve armed retainers. But Sir Tudor was worth" them ail. Jumping from" his horse, fae aeized on foe- malicious uncle, presented a pistoi at his throat, and exclaimed, ' My bride, or yonr life !' Such conduct, and the eight of foe nine teen. followers, cowed the domestics, rod caused Au brey to run away. Ermentrude was right. He was but a. milksop indeed 1 Moreover, her uncle was -com pelled to deliver up foe key. Betto unexpectedly appeared and led. the gallant spouse to his imprisoned bride. The nurae, it bad been, who, being lgnominiously pxpeiled, had managed to cjmmunicite with Sir Tudor, and thus been tbe means of foe present adveatora. 4 1 knew you would come/ cried Ermentrude, clapping her hands as Sir Tudor entered. Bnt it was-uot into' ins -arms.foe threw herself, but into those of her faith ful nurse, from whom she hadnever before been separated. Sir Tudor, however, soou enfold her in his, with the words, 4 My wife I my dear wife !' and carried her off triumphantly. ' Declare our marriage, parson,' he added, as be hastened down the great staircase, followed by Betto. A smooth-faced priest, one of the furious riders, advanced towards the dis comfited Squire, and announced that he had married them by ' book and bell,' under the greenwood tree; ' Poltroons ! robbers ! villains all T cried- the Squire. ' Aubrey, come, assert thyself !' But Aubrey was nowhere to be seen. ' Good-bye; nude ; good-bye, Aunt Dorothy. Thon wilt came after us, Betto,' cried Ermentrude, when she .was seated by her bridegroom on the white palfrey.. . . And so, as foe story gora, 'They loved aud they rode away.' 