TvAST NIGHT'S MEETING. A ordorly and attentive mooting ra addressed last night by i\fr. Burrqwes and Mi', MuoJiay in St. James's H:>,!!■ ifr. Burrovvos, who spoko at yonaiderable longth, was listened to with evident interest, and was frequently applauded. It was clear that ho had the good wishes and support of the majority of his audience, and if the conduct of a political ideating may be relied upon as mi augury of the result of nu cleo; tion, it may bo taken for granted that ho will bo returned with very gratifying figures. And, as ho clearly showed, he has well earned tlio continued honor of being sent back to Parliament to represent this con stituency. Tho services rendered by him, not to this electorate alone, but to tho mining community generally, en title Jiim to tho position ho is seeking io -occupy. His Residence Area Act alono should scpifM for him the support of tho miners, who hnrO thereby boeu placed in possession of tin valuable a prj^ilego as could be coveted by any sot of working men ]}} the world. Tlio reception given to JJfr 3 lack ay must have been extremely gratifying to thuvfsntlc rnan and his friends and supporters. It does not fall to tho lot of many men to be ac corded so inucii !;:ndly and sympathetic .feeling as was displayed .towards him by the f,ar£e meeting of hist evening. But not only \vas jkiftduii.59 fjn.tl sympathy shown, for his Iiearers v.-ero e])thus|^stic in their demonstra tions of approval of ftis rppgrks, ami there srs? an unmistakable manjfgBtfttwi) qf [ satisfaction and pleasure over tho piwf given l>y liiiu that lio is not " a j dt>:ul iiinn." Ho spoke with sur prising distinctness and ill a torso and | tolling manner, lvtiepiiig on his lugs for a much longer tiino than lwd boon expected, his speech having occupiod moru tlian half an-liour. For a man in a convalescent state, still roquiring rest aud exemption from excitement, his utterances wore marked by a vigor which astonished many who, from accounts industriously spread abroad as to his condition, had expected to sco something like the jiomblaiioo of his ghost appear upon the platform. Tho mooting sootnod to bo satisfied that tlibro'was plenty of work in him still, and that if, as ho observed, Providence should bo pleased to restore liiiu to health, lio will as well and worthily occupy a seat for Sandhurst as ho has done in tiino past: And they have liia assurance that if ho should not bo so restored, and ho should lind himself unoqual to parliamentary labors, ho will resign and make way for a stronger mail. Itoth candidates alluded to thoir colleague, Dr. Quick, in tho kindest terms, and that gentleman no doubt will take an opportunity of" acknowledging thoir friendly remarks. No word was spokon to which any of tho candidates could tako oxcoption, and, indeod, tho electors wore urged to give thoni all a fair hearing, and ' to make their choice according to thoir judgment. Certainly tho soats should ho given to tho beat men, hut surely the tried men, if they aro good men and true,, should bo accordod first place, for who shall vohture to say that those who aro untried aro the bettor men ? And, again, why should men,, who havo ably, woll and satisfactorily sorvod tho public, bo displaced aud deprived of the moed of gratitude tlioy have fairly earned 'I Tho community of Sandhurst havo never yot shown themselves to be unapprociativo of tho honest aud usoful labors of thoir public men, and there is every indication that tlioy will 011 this occa sion preserve thoir old reputation in this respect. A Soiu'liKMUNT is published with this morn ilia's issue. Tub Fkkunu Against thu Com .it ion.—Our Melbourne co-respondent writes :—Thoro is fcoliiii; abroad that the (.'omituni notion will no-, bo well recoivod ivt tho coining election. It is st.ited that Mr Nimmn hits lost many supporters at Kmorald •'Hill by takirg ollioo, and that Mr Gammon's chancos have boon griutly improved, while at lJorooudar.i and 15a.nt H iurku boroughs tho defeat of iho Ministers in confidently looked for. Mkssus. Ilunuowus and Maokay.—Tho^o can didates addressed a very lur^a mooting at St. James' Hall last ovening. Mr liurroweB spoks first and occupied over an hour, receiving a vory good honrinff. Mr Mackay rooeivoil an cuthuiiaa tic reception and was very cjrofully listened tn, tho audionco taking fully into consideration his recent recovory from a severe illnois. A number of promiuont citizens also addressed the meeting, an 1 a voto of coulidanco was unanimously car. riod. (JOLDKN-SQUAUK SCHOOL OF DkHUSN.— A 0 1111 • mitio'i mooting was hold last ovoning at tho club room, for tlio purpose of appointing toachora in connection will) tlio School of Design. Mr Wm. Short wan appointed teacher of tlio free haud drawing classes, inclndiug crayon, water, mid nil pnintingj. Soveral uppitc itions wero received for tlio position of teacher of mechanical drawing Tlio coniniittoo couriered none satisfactory, and furtlior extended tlio timoof rocoiving applications for a fortnight. It was decided that classes com- • mcnco in tlio beginning of April. J'UKSKNTATION TO Mlt. C. ItdiOEK.—At tlio half yearly mooting of tlio shareholders in tho Victoria Cons lis Company, tho chairman (Mr I. K. Dyason) on behalf of tho company, proaentod thoir Into milling 111 ■linger (M- 0. Kinder), with a hand somely bound illuminated address. In doing so, Mr Dyasm referred to tlio leng.'i of lime during which Mr Rosier had had charge of tho initio, and in a few wnd chosen remarks pnid a high coinpli . nifliit to that gentleman, for tlio onorgetiu a d faithful mnnnor in which ho had discharged lii.n duties. Ho very much regretted that failing health lind necessitated Mr Reader's resignation, but ho was pleasod to bo able to stato that Mr Kcudor had been app inled on tho diiectoiy, so th it tho shareholders would still linvo tlio bono fit ■of hia experience. They had intondod that tin? testimonial should take a larger form, but owing to the fact that the company in at present under a clou1), they had boon compelled to bo contcnt with just this illuminated address, which ho trusted Mr lxVeler would accept as a biiiill token .of the esteem in which ho was hold ly tlio shareholders. Tlio addross was an follows: — " To Carl Uoedo-, Esq, on his i osL-natiini as mining manager of the Viatoria Consols Company (ro gUtorod), after faithful soriicos for 27 years in that capacity. During tho whola of which timo ho occupied a position of great trust, and commanded tho fullost confidence of tlio directors and share holders." Tho testimonial was signed by tho directors. On tlio bottom of tho testimonial, the mining plant of tho company was nicoly depict d, and it was supported oil oaon side by pillars around which wore on'wined native flowers and ferns. Tho illuminating was vary artistically executed, and tlio whola was enclosed in ■v handaomo gilt fraimi. Mr ltoodor, in acknowledging tho presenta tion, regretted that ho had not been able to bring tho mino into a better state for the shareholders boforo resigning his position as manage-. Ho had, however, d mo his bo«t for them, and ho trusted thai beforo long prosperity would atfaiu bo en joyed by them During tlio 27 year a that ho had baen thoir manager he had not been altogether un successful, as on making a rough calculation he found that over £200 000 had been declared in dividend-! by tho company under his charge Ho thanked them warmly for the kind expressions i f regard which had boon mado to .vards him. Mr Ryder's health hiving boen honored in bumpers ol chanipagno, the proceedings terminated. jjoaicwoon w aticr supply. —Oar K'ing.v.oo Flat correspondent writes A mooting was field at the Quaen's Head Hotel pose of appointing a eommitteoand making arinnge meats for a m utor supply for Ljokwood and Marong. Thoro was a fair attendance ofthoso inte rested in the matter. Mr Ralph Ackorman actod n» secretary pro tan. Mr John J. Broadway was voted to tho chair. Mr Clarkaon, the convener of the meeting, stated tli.it Mr G/ilo, C.E , had been sent up by tho Government to inspect and report on the proposod achomo, and that a copy of his report would ho sent up in a fow day*, 'flia fol lowing gentlemen were appointed to act on tl\o gommittoe. Monrs \V. Roberta, J Sutclilfo, \Y. i3. Mulvillo, jnnr., .T. GUrks n, J. J liroadway, J. l'Vanciand J. Harrow. It was prop-wed hy Mr Barrow, and seconded by Mr Roberta, that a l*vy of 2.s (Jd each bo imposed on all thoro that signed tho petition to defray tho expenses of ad vertising, ctc. Tho motion was carried Afr J Olarksoo was appointed secretary and treasurer. Tho secretary was instructed to write to the Wator Supply department, asking (or a copy of Mr Qalp's report A voto of thanks was pissed to Mr Olnrkson for ljaving worked so hard to try and got a water supply. A voto of !h:u:ks to tlie chuir uian terminated the propeedintrs Militia.—Wo are rorpiostedlo draw attention to au advertisement calling a parade of B company at the Butts to-morrow aftornoon Aiisi'H.uiAN' Native*' Association — A meet ins of members of thisassociat on will be hold this ovoning, when an address will be presented to Mr Sub Inspector O'Callajjhan. Tim Chamois -The chamois is about to be in troduced into Noiv Zealand (says an exchange) The Now Zealand Government communicated with the Victorian Give.-nment, asking th-nii whether there would be any objection to the im portation of tho chamois, and a reply has been sent that if th?ro is no danger of the communication of I cittle diso iso, tha Victorian Government would oiler no objection. I'KCULIAI} ACOir>EN"J>— On Sa'urday an ac cident happened .u a man luiiV.d Joseph Green ll-dti, a joinor, working at thoCr. G. Consolidated mine, Golden Gully. IIo to laying down a cul vert to onnw.y w .ter over an old cutting, when tho ground gave way under him, and ho Tell abiut five ffot. A piice of o ir h broko away and struck hiuiou thoshoulder, fracturing hit lnft cjllar- bonu. Ho was attended by Or J. liadie, srnr. Death in the Gaol. - An old man named George Gardiner, aged 85 years, died on Sunday afternoon. He was undergoing a sentence of one month's imprisonment for vagrancy. He was ad- mitted on the 18th January last. Mr Strickland held an inquest on the body yesterday afternoon. Mr Shegog, governor of the gaol, deposed that since he was admitted in the gaol he had always been well attended to, especially by the gaol sur- geon, Dr. Cruikshank. His time expired on the 17th inst., when a fresh warrant was obtained for his detention, as he was confined to his bed in the gaol hospital and was unfit to be removed. Dr. Cruikshank stated that the deceased had been under his care in the gaol hospital. A few days ago he gradually became weaker and expired at 4 o'clock on Sunday afternoon from sheer debility and exhaustion. The cause of death was senile debility or old age. A verdict was returned accordingly. Tus Eoiiuca an'd Tatcba Line,—Writing of the Tatura and Echuca railway, the Aye says:— A work of c .nsidcrable importance to the wheat growing industry situated on the western side of tho valley of the G'ulburn River—viz, the con strue iou of a railway lino from Tatura to Kchuca —will sbo rtly bo commenced, under the direction of the ofiicora of the engineering branch of tho Railway department. Th;- line, tenders for wh'ch rp'il be called on tho 17th May, after leaving I'atiiw y,-jll proceed in a north-westerly direction, t ippir>[? tlia fertile wheat-growing country-lying to tho wa t of the Gnu'buru River, 'snil pas-ing through tho parishes of 0;oma, • iCyabrain, Taripta, and Pinjola The country presents no engineering difficulties, excepting at a point near Mount Scib'c. ■ to tho east of which tho line baa boeii surveyed. When it is comple ed it will con nect tho txo main trunk lines ,'f the north-eastern nys>'m, which taps tho Murray'' River at \Vi;d-nga. ahd tho Northern syslem, which taps tho same river at i'chuci. Ky this means tho It-iilway department will gain the great advantage of being able to interchange its rolling stock from oWdOstein to another without bring c'ompeHcdj'aa at present, to run trucks for Bovcral 'hundr-ds of Inilea before being able to secure the tamo' object T)io adrahfaffo to the pub jc iVill bo cot'lew groat. Jo'tjje j}nt tfioiinij will fttiiig u'ncjer'eo'ntfi billion 11won of Agricultural country lvl.ich, lis matters stand at prcon!., is nltoirnthrr debarred, owing to tlin nbsoiu'o of mi way facilitiun, from imrlicifiitiiiff ill tho ltd vantage* f;i;i!ifi>d to otbor pnilioUH of ilio c ilony. In tin; acc.md place, it will m.vtorinlly ehoiten tlio dimuioi between Mel bourne 11 rid tlio northern bordur of tho colony, and by that iiib:«18 I'ireot. .1 reduction in tlio cost of convoying wool nnd ot.hor prodnco from the Murray and llivurimt to tho sen board. Samikuust Musko.m.—Tliu numb r of visitors to tlio nm-uuiu of tlio .School of iViimw during tin past u'uoU wns 229 Tho nnis tiin in ojjon from iVIoiuUy until Friday from 10 :v in. un il -1 p.m., and ijvory Saturday from i p.m. until !?p in. Y.M.O.A.—A goapol t'-inpornnca misaion will bo lmM in tho Toinpoiauco Unit tliia ovoniu# nt eij;ht o'c'uck. Cmmcn, Whitb llti.t.s.—A !o.a:urot ontitlod " Tlio Houao wo Iji^o in," will bo do , livorod in IhiH church mi Thursday ovuninpr, com. , nicuqiiiK at a qturtor to oight. Admission will Uj sixixmco. S'titANOR f-OSNR AT A CONVENT.—A Iclogram from lionrko in yo8torday\i Arjus says: — A oia. gracofnl bcoiio oceurrod at tlu» convent horo yes torday afternoon. Louisa Afoohan, n girl aped lfi, ft oiotor-iu law to vir 11. Wormall, luia 1-itnly boon attending tho Catho.io Church and convent n«hool. llor father, who i.i n. l'roto.itant, was sur prised last evening that tlio child h id not returned from tlio convent, and wont to inquire about hor. 11a was to <1 that ho could neither soo nor speak to his daughter. Father Hugjjurd ami tha nunn deel *rod t-ieir intonlion of keeping tho girl. An older was obtained, and tlio door wan smashed in with an nxo. Soma 0110 hit tha prioat with n stick, and the ohild was rosciiod by hor pooplo by main force. Tlio priest hung on to the horso'i, hnnd to prevent tlio cab from Iminp driven away, Thoro Wi\s uroat oxcitommit, tlio p ilice and tlio nuns calling for police aid; but the police woro with tlio roscuers. Criminal proceedings for ab dnction aro to bo takun on Monday against Father Huftgard and tho six mini. Tlio (,'cno al foolin? in altogether in favor of tha f;irl*s father, who is totally blind. Vruy Much out of I'l.umc —A tthawl phi about, 2J inches long wan (nays a Ballaiat paper) found embedded in tho heart of a bullock killed in a slaughtoryard at Bungaroo una day l"n week. Tho bullock wits bought nt ('isaloyards a few days before it was killed, and was in good condi tion. It would bo interesting to kno>v how tho pin got into such a curious place. Pistuksh in Iuklano.—Tho 1/cvald says: —A gentleman in Melbourne li:i» received a lottor f-oin his brother, who rocontly left horo on n visit to Ireland, giving an account of tho torriblo poverty among Ihu agricultural classes in tho west. Ho says:—Nobody in Austrn'ia can form tho slightest concopion of tho diru distress and star v.ition among tho agricultural classes in tho wo t of Troland. I have soon nothing sinco I arrived horo but evictions, oj-ictment unties, tho work houdou arantmed, and tho bourd rooms, whoro tho guardiatis hold thoir sittings, actually , blockaded with half starved, half-naked persons, demanding either work or food of any description. "If,", continues tho writer, " something is not done, wo'ro on tho ova of having a repetition of the scones of '48 in this country." Miss Haht'h Lkotuiik.—Miss Holon Hart's loctura on the new Licensing Bill did not take place last night, and has been postponed. Sanoiiuust UiiKWBRa' Umployks Association. —A genera! meeting of this association will bo hold this evening at eight o'elook, at Nisson'd Kuropaau Hotel, High-street. 1'iiAKFio llKTUiiss. — Tho Victorian llailway8 tradio roturns for tho week onding 18th l'Vb., bIiow tho following results, tho numbor of milos open being 1,080, as against l,tSG3 for tho corres ponding week of 1885:—Total returns for the wook ended 18th l''eb , £•!!),240 Is 7d; for corres ponding weolc of 1885, £45,MG 12s 'id. Aggre gate to date from 1st July, £1,-430,1)38 7s lid; for corresponding period in 1885, £1.412,741 Gs !>d. Weelily avorago (33 weoks)— £4 1,878 8s 8d; 1885, £12,810 Us 10.1. Messrs, J. H. Touu-uo and Co. will hold a clearing out s:ilo at Mr. W111, Vinos.' farm, Kast Shelboumo, ou Tuesday, lltli March. To-dnynt eleven o'clock Jressro. B. O'Noill and Co. will sell horxoa, carts, liarno.ss, etc., iu tlio ostutu of tho lute Mr. Joseph (Jooko. Thuy will also Bell a truok of store jti^sat tho cattle yards to-day. 