PINS. Cum gravo salis. " i am mightily abused. Now step I forth to whip hypocrisy.'.' So wrote one Will Shafcespere. and it is just what I feel now, when I haul out the tattling humbug who has bren blatheriii'/, and whining, and bullying, and soft-sawdering alternately these last twelveor fourteen years -first under one name then another, just as circumstances would permit, The " Darby Kelly" days are Over-that norn de plume is loo infernally papistical just now ; and hence this handy.hilly-this mud-Walloper goos io for " Hash.'? "Stray leaves.1' "Toara Talk," and all other sorts of talk but common sense talk, Tittle-Tattle, dorins Christmas j»e^ iras « JiHje ^ -first because"tiio'vriter hail a belter sabjoct than usual to deal with-your own familiar; and secondly, because there were more cakes and ale about than usual-incidental upon a plethora of five bob ad's. No wonder one get's a bit cocky when one brings out a sheet almanack-all by one's self-in which lies are printed broadcast ; no wonder, I say, that one can grunt as one n oddies al mg, and shake up the coppers in one's pockets, when ono is " Thoroughly Independent," when one imagines he's a printer ; and as for being a blacksmith, no body with a grain of sense ever thought he was-for a man to be a blacksmith must work rather than finesse. God bless us ! may all honest men exclaim, w hen one reads the glaring assertion that one possesses " principles" and is *' thoroughly independent"-" doing as one likes" and " sworn to no master"-which is rather rough on printer's brokers, as well as being a back handed slap at somebody else. I always thought the Herald, the Noos, the Town and Gumtree, the Protestant Standard, Freeman, the Weekly Advocate, the Cumberland Mer- cury, the Bulletin, and a lot of other papers, leaving out the Chronicle, had a pretty wide circulation up this way, but I find that, unitedly, the whole bilin' of 'em don't come up to the only rag in the district. And yet people say this romancer is not religious, and that there is no hereafter where a man may receive the benefit of his wordy inventions. The publication of Bald almanack gives the lie direct to those heretics and papishes who have said that the "Tattler" was not religious. No one but a religious man could have had the pluck print so many lies in so small a space. But I find that this new 'vert to Protestantism is quite wroth (frothy I should say) at the dare-devil attempt of your own fipor devil-upon-two-eticks to^yck "pins" ft this «nurji " beslavered" ?nnfe'e {by some , people) morals. How pathetically he tells his readers that he " belongs tn that good old stock who believes in a Supreme Being." Of course, a man's ancestors sometime prove a thorn in one's side, and sometimes they don't. A man may come tn a direct line from Cain, for instance-as straight as an arrow ; or from Korah, Ahab, Judas, Ana nias or Barabbas, or any other gentleman not;d in Jewish history. Then, it is on re cird that the chosen ones did not always wor ship the Supreme Being, but, on the contrary -as a wood roany of 'em do to-day-the Golden Calf. After telling ns how good he is, this son of a "good old stock" lets out ih.it he " knows of things in this district which ought to have, if prosecuted, landed the perpetrators in gaol." Now this is as much as saying th ut Justice, or the myrmidons of Justice, have been either blind or inefficient ; but, 0, why! good min, having the tear ol God before thee, dids't not peaoh, as thou shoulds't have done Î for there is no virtue in screening villainy-but perhaps the old adage came in here, " There's honour among printers who are not blacksmiths." It ia really refreshing to hear so resolute a consti tutionalist and devout Protestant refer with such evident relish to what lie is pleased to term my " Atheism"-and I am heartily glad he honoured my so- called negation with a cap. But really be does me an honour I am not entitled to, for, though I have tackled a good many thi.igs with varied success, I have never yet stumped round the country as a lecturer either upon Spiritualism, or Atheism -not even on cold water, much less pad the hoof as a speculative candidate for Parlia ment. Any bow, whatever I may have been I am not ashamed of; and in uny one thing I have ever undertaken, I have always passed muster with credit, and am game to tackle this Tattling Windbag at anything-bar a few little qualifications peculiarly his own and lick him with hands down. I don't want to go so far back to find out my ancestors whoever theyjwere, they were honest men, and game to the back-bone. Your genuine Saxon is neither traitor, nor sneak, and sells not his principles for sequins. He is loth to believe any man irredeemably bad : and tho idea of being permanently at enmity with any man, is repulsive to bis nature ¡ but when hi finds out a genuine skunk, he knows bow to value him, and treats bim accordingly. " Atheist" that thia clever, split-hoofed wriggler ar.d bis long visaged, y.iliery-jaun dery looking friends esteem me to be, I have been (.-ind can go again) where ho dared not show bis snout-for as sure ns fate, had such an uncanny looking rung appeared, it Would have been singled out and condigned to prompt punishment. Some day some un known bones would have been found *. full thiity fathoms under ground,"or tli-y'd have gone off in fine powder with the quartz tail ings out at the Chillian Mill. Coniin<: to grave dijrginir, it was never my lotto hury a Jew-unless it wight have been some poor devil who fell in stiife and was buried ns he fell, bis kith and kindred nnt known - though it is b:ird to say what nn y occur to one be fore he " shuffles off ibis mortal CM1' ; it may yet berny lol to oerform such a !>.? ne rolen t ofB-.c-it ia hard to say ; bot i.' it is, and I happen tn know who's who, depend ;ip.üi it. the j ob shall bc well r.n.! tritely done-so well, that that it'll ta';<» iivrb; trumps extra to fetch ¡lim up as some ol his uMi-r-turs w.113 oa the day ol the crucifixion. As I li.ne said, thoujh 1 have bad no exp/iii-ncc among the dsad^nsof A*rsbjmi, 4*we tujitírtoén^wíí | ; at arly'-wrte," *íbSi" flinting"" "of set ml jiotor- + iotas mmiriiirs-^bushrafl(rer»,^rror^orérí «nd done by nrm^cisjonalJEtóáilàp*ri>ettyer Hew thfcrowr When onê ^M^insîiien, or-hap- - pens to-li ave hod »nc&tore;,^ne1|jkfe* to hear1 of »her» hejug juterrfp* decently, jarçâ,- not ) Tooted about by dogs as Jezebel was, sr "their - bones picked a» were Hamlin's. Itls » wry small matter, however, bow-the. thing vas» ant11 have mentioned it simply a» a circum stance weiUknown ip colonial history. By the way, there was nothing extraordinary or fresh in the poor utah's spreed, for everybody knew all about it-what was coming, who « as going to get " particular hell" and so on. For was it not chattered about at street cor ners, guffawed at under verandahs; and did not malignant, narrow-minded sectaries lay their undersized conks together to chuckle at phat was coming for the "Atheist'* (the ' terror of their souls'* and the " Skunk Bri gade" ? Certainly, every one of us knew all about 4t, for the familiars who wore in thc pórtentions secret couldn't keep their guts in -not they! any more than they could their : delight, when they rushed head-long to cer tain holes and corners where the rag is kept on view (a read and a «lean shave for a tan Tom slattery, thê'Popémà Cardinal Moran into ten million pieces of tinder ; as, also, the brilliant satire upon that unco-guid spirit up on two sticks, who won't leave Pope Billy alone nor his zealous and faithful Jewish lickspittle. Everybody knew all about the thunder clap that was coming, and wore much disappointed, after all, in finding such a Wretched, poverty- stricken agglomeration of words and phrases strung together in a whin ing, cringing style-minus wit, minus logic, Sense, manliness-everything ; and yet, over this silly production men {so called) were hysterical and got up a ghost of laugh, which made 'em all look almost as ugly as the satanesque personage they fear-not admire, mind you, but positively fear-fear os they haye always done-a " thing of shreds and patchps." To wind up, I will just give you a specimen of Thompson Square boethry just to show you how the muse luxuriates on the grass in that classic region. The two stazas 1 send you aie two of a fathom or so of rigmarole-of soft-sawder, ladled out to "our sulis, advertisers, correspondents, &c;" ; but the two I send along, as you will see, are meant for other people-such as " Atheists" ("Black-legs and swindlers," also, no doubt) and the " Skunk Brigade" generally. My attention has been attracted to this " Hoo biooming-ray" drivel, not so much by the originality displayed in the construction of the verse, as in the boastful and characteristic: utterances ot the writer : lust fancy ! ** We fear no foe, we stand alone To no party are we tied ; Our star with lustre e'er has shone, Tho' we've been oft belied. But we can laugh within our sleeve, For thanks to independence ; We can let the cravens ever grieve, : Andsmileinúnr^MBsoenae^^ Copy like the above should have been sent to the "Bully-tin," or stay, say the Quarterly Review, or worked up with some of Sladen's or Ivy Boyd's. But shrivel up your little souls, ye "partymen," you can't get at the big, booming soul that reigns supreme in its transcendence. Ha, ha, ha ! bring up another pig to be shaved, never mind the Jews. If this master of arts and manners will list awhile I'll ask him, by way of good bye, who — "Trained your apt nature sordidly to think, And formed you for a Swiss of pen and ink; Taught you when hired to side with wit, or fool, To turn a statesman's, nay, an author's tool, And damn and libel all who write or rule; Content with infamy so cash begot, Still blotting on till all your life's a blot." Now, who's T. O, M. everybody (particu- larly the Inspector of Nuisances) wants to know? Tom, evidently, is a gentleman en- dowed with a probocis of somewhat elephan- tine dimensions, for it must have come into closer contact with the many stinks of our town, than those of us who live here and have noses of normal length. But then, we are case-hardened, for do we not breathe it, eat it, and sniff it up evory day we live ? Where does T. O. M. live; in what city or snbarb, that he can so smartly detect the aroma ol'»ur several green-slimed dead cat holes ? Fjr really, when I go from thc batiks of the Hawkesbury down Sydney way, 'Newtown, Burwood, or even ye anciente Borough, I cm always Brnell bigger slinks than I do here-? but that's just where it is, stinks differ in degree just as men's noses do-and hero, I notice, thatT. O. M. after a'l(is only a novice in the ait of smelling, for be never defined a single stink by name. When a man writes upon stinks he should have a nose chemically perfect-that is, be able, at a single sniff, to tell us the nature of each odour, its chemical composition and so forth ; then our Inspector and Aldermen would know what to do. Your contributor refers to Rome--Ancient and modern. No doubt modern Rome has a fair share of stinks-though it eau hardly come up to Cologne with its seventy-two distinct steticbex, as Coleridge bath it. Let's see, how goes Samuel Taylor's rhyme ? " In Köliln a town of marks and bones, And pavements fang'd with murderous atones, And rags and hags, and hideous wenches, 1 counted two and seventy stenches, And well defined and genuine stinks I Ye Nymphs that reign o'er sewer and sink, Tne river Rhine, it is well-known, Doth «ash your city of Cologne ; But tell ree, Nymphs! what power divine Shall henceforth wash thc river Rhine?" Now to compare Windsor to a city of that de scription would he libellous- although con sidering that Cologne is famous for thc scent factories of thc equally famous Eugene Iliin inel, one may fairly suppose that Coleridge's nose, like our Inspector's, was out of order, and couldn't «npreciale a good til i JJ ¿r «'h. i he t=:mi edit; just ns many nii 'lhor mm <T.I.I ii ns fi- oii be in Rome's big Cloaca, ¡13 in .1 i c!os>; iin-ss of a mtic'i bem:t«kcd i'd wi-ú-i I et'loan-'d Ica-i:iiuc crowd. Probably 1! (ute's Euuteiranein s.'Wcr is a sweet sni 'uing i no, j or else why, in thc name oí assu!ac::'l i, g iri c. îmvenomumien ttgoofl to pre side over the impurities ejected out . of the cHy by ¿be^woy of the cloaca? This term, cloaca, I may also remark, is jestingly used , in Home for the mouth of adrunkard (which, local oplipoists will please înaVo a note of). Anyhow, when Coleridge; could beal! astray. . in his ability tn smell borireotly, aurel) it may be pardonable In » poor untravelled, .unchem ical, inspector of Nuisances-or *ven T. O. M. himself. In the matter of paving, your eye-opening and long- smelling «cribe is on the right ice»!; he is all there-anil if bis screed does not fetch Alderman Primrose, 1 shall be surprised.. There is not much diffi culty in discovering the state of Windsor's pathways'Mhat is a matter of eye sight (we'll give the nose a spell-well, one may as wei), to keep Up the thread of the subject, say, a tmelt) and M most of our Aldermen use spectacles, there should be no difficulty in spotting these blemishes T. O. M. so aptly points out. Neither should there in the matter of the stinks, for roost of the Councillors are fairly well endowed in the matter of nasal protuberances-and cow I come to think of it, the Inspector is not-which should ba a drawback to him when devoting his at tention to the beautiful Cloacina. ] notice your contributor speaks of his handi-wnrk as " drivel" ; now, he surely did not intend us to believe that he devoted an hour to writing " drivel," on so important a matter as sewage, and paving ? Not he ! and nobody here, I am surej will believe his screed to be what he himself says it is-except, may be, the In spector. One other thing f notice : T. 0. M. says " your main street- George or Church" ; why Church ? Our main street ia George, and the second main artery is Macquarie whereas, Church is but a third or fourth rate thoroughfare. Now in Parramatta the main streets are George and Church, so if you put two and two together, Messrs Aldermen and Inspector, you may arrive at a certain con clusion. More 1 will not say, only-it looks suspiciously like as if-never mind, let's strike up after Coleridge : There was a town of humps and drones - And pathways made to break one's bones ; Whose people couldn't detect a stink Though strong enoug'i to make one wink ; A town belaved by Hawkesbury's tide, Whose Council-men one T. O. M. decried, Because he gave his toe a wrench And owned a nose above a stench ; Which rais'd the virtuous 'ire of M-am, The Corporate Cloaca man. The syndicate that runs the Sydney Daily Telegraph, seem to be assuming the role of Neville, the great Earl of Warwick-intro duced to us so graphically by the late Bulwer Lytton as the " King-maker" with this difference, they seek to make and unmake Governments instead of kings. This paper, for some inexplicable reason, seems to have quite Buddenly been seized with a terrific " down" upon Mr. Dibbs, though all along-throughout the whole length of Sir Alexander Stuart's blundering, impotent administration (relieved only by Dalley'fl brilliant achievement in oarrying out the Soudan business, which, by the bye, the Telegraph acquiesced in). Parkes was as poison to them-in fact, they backed up a man from their own editorial regions to go up to Argyle to oppose bim. But as noon as Mr. Dibbs sought to reconstruct his Ministry, then this alien paper veered round -incensed, seemingly, at Mr. Dibbs for some personal reason-out of pure patriot ism, of course. Just so, and therefore treated him as infamously as if he had been as corrupt as some other well- known poli ticians and would-be ministers. By and bye, they get their end served, to the extent of badgering Mr. Dibbs out of office ; and now, having achieved that much, they find themselves, and the country, in a mess. They literally howled for a "strong Government," and now they have got one, such ds it is ; what else could they expect from either Sir John or Sir Henry ? and now they would, no doubt, just as soon go the whole hog for Dibbs as not. With the composition of Sir John Robertson's Government I do not agree; the Dibbs Government was immeasurably superior take three men alone, Messrs. Dibbs and Abbott, and Sir Patrick Jennings, and they had more ability between them than the whole crowd of Sir John's Ministry, him self included. Still, I think individual ministers have been unfairly sat upon. Why those howls of derision from both sides of the House when Dan O'Connor was named as Postmaster-General ? I don't believe in Mr. O'Connor as a Minister-he lias been too much a slavish worshipper of Sir John Rob ertson to win my respect ; though as reg irds ability, fee is certainly superior to some other political Postmasters-General. JIf Dan Egan was good enough to be henri of the Post Office, surely Dan O'Connor is. ami vastly superior to CM.G. Davies. It is therefore not that Pan is unequal tn the posi tion, but that lie lacks independence and «taurina, that I do not care for bim. Mr. Jturns should certainty be equal to many .mother gentleman who has held office-not its Treasurer, but, as head of some other department ; and Mr. Garrard is just ¡is likely to turn out as good a man as Mr. Wright. Mr. Wright was untried and had made no mark before he became a Minister ibongb he made a big one afterwards, Neither Mr. Simpson nor Mr. Vaughan bas ever done anvtbing to astonish the world ; though Mr. Heydon is a man of great prom ise-Protectionist though he be. Of Mr. Spring I have little to say ; I knew him ns a ininiug og.-nt some years ago, and be was cer tainly a useful man, and might be an efficient man enough in some suboidinate capacity ; but to compare h m to Mr. Abbott--espec ially al tili« critical juncture-wonld be like ; comparim: Abigail to Gladstone. Anvhow, il.c affairs ol'the country ar; in a muddle and the country can thank the Daily Tele graph fordning its level best to oust a coura geous ond honest Premier, with an able fol lowing at his back, for th«! sake of gratifying some pet .whim of iheir own in forming- a .. fancy" ' «nd impossible Ministry. The Telegraph has adopted neither a dignified nor au independent course | and would have done veil to have followed in the Herald's wake, for however Conservative that paper may be, it bas acted fairly and impartially throughout the whole trouble. ASHODF.L'S. 