ELECTION NOTES. There is nothing fresh to report from North Melbourne. After the nmeeting of the local liberal association next Tuesday evening in the Court House Hotel, there will no doubt be some intelligence of an interesting character. Dr. Rose and Mr. Laurens have been requested to attend, and no doubt if these gentlemen are present there will be " food for reflection." One of tile questions rife is " What is your opinion of the Coalition Minitry ?" The people begin to enquire now when th compact ia defunct. However, every old representative will have to state his views on the recent" Scotch Mixture " Although matters on the surface are very serene, still there is a deep under current at work, which, ore long, will ruille tile cahnness. Every section in the political world'will endeavour to be repro. sented itl the Parliamentot 1886. ' Cr. J. W. Peirce of tlhe City Council has definitely decided to contest the West Melbourne electorate. The present mem bers are Sir Charles : Mahon and Mr. Carter. rl Peirce disclains any inten tion of marked opposition to either of tilhe present members but considers that hii loln residence in the locality whose wants he thoroughly nderst nds together wit tite gcneral reproesentaon lsready given are suficient reaonse e d sie to the position. There is no doubt Gr. Peirce villis e a tirl clsse ld wtorking reaLber and if returned the electors member an tiOt l work done by will lhave more prs . tI was ever Cr Peiree'4 one session Cr.l P" .. .'s and the Orkuev'y, done by the i'tatn, r - o in a qusrter t ntie ent A, prevll sto t leil Ir isadihiitted will be trong' re,'el * i I|'rlia that tsy, t'per0 litfiesta rest rout Ment U -per their for tbe retainder o thcir Itau incompetent necm Ilta ei g tn 1 zzl0 rt a .I lbuitdhirten a tona o for entleamerin cnaoue these come out aof.td I that a more their pe turoay u athy will a fille plac, t h skllafact ad e ans1tali at, and a ntuine ri hnei begt n c dream af the flitneu iara bon tu mtention (thnaes ttaed tor a ce 4r. Race, Mr. Rs*ett eran ha have undad more anta rie their brief tei s te b eenp r. Berry has expresed mnh itan toy aul at the announcemnt of the day hron bring so toon~made public.:-' It n tecidet/d upon ii thecdabinet, and ilt he s mha of e e he idrntja 4 disc. d the particulars. 110;l Shbi7 wery d not have given;mh atlat for ft- lenastt te thext td t lions, .the pt t ulicn are muc , 'tu decided upanti th clerks. nd t .sp decidla s that in the ppuintj t d el leader, ti "tlars patty. tetiod the pnilearc tiucl lt' eia.leid,. that in tihe aebint lta i euillas at t . a .,o . die, f,.lr,,tt Nh tt_ dropso the sport to any ing was good, cornen race, swhich was won by Firxt great race with lMedea. The a Race was won by a new beginner over the jumps, named Deringa, who is, I be lieve, closely related to a well-known good performer over hurdles, Dhurringile. The Summer Cup was won by Sea Horse, who was expected to do great things as a 3 year old, but failed, he is at present very well, and must take a lot of beating in whichever. he starts for today. The Juvenile Stakes was a good thing for my selection, Dividend, as was the Steeple for Mernder, who fences much better at Caulfield than over Flemington. My, selection, Salo, proved too good for his opponents in the Malvern Handicap, Gardenia, who came very fast the finish, 'running second, with Allender a good third. To-day the V. R. Club hold their annual meeting at Flemington, I expect to see an enormous attendaneo to witness the contests for the splendid stakes provided by the club, and before giving my select ion, I must wish the V.R.C. and my readers a successful and happy New Year. The first race is the Hurdle lIace, for which I fancy Waverley, Gaealier and Insolvent. For the Normanby Stakes I like Blairgowrie and Maddelina, and for the Standish Plate with its large entry my selections shall be Sea Horse, Duration, The Ghost, Chuckster, Gardenia, Stationer and Claptrap; out of this lot I have a pre ference for Sea Horse and Duration. The Bagot Plate, although having asmall entry has good things in it, IlikeSheet Anchor best. The Midsummer Handicap, with an entrypof 39, is very open. Those who look beatb n paper are Sea Horse, Bend Or, Caruerine and Lesbia. For the Steeple chase I woeld like Mfernder with another jockey than ,flr. Watson up; as this is improbable I shall discard Meroder and go for Morse once more, with Narrung as the next be t. For the Criterion Stakes prefer the for or. Mr. Cox uhs another meeting on the 2nd January at foonee Valley. Tihe principal itenis the Ascot Vale Hlandicap. 22 entries hrle been received, of which I like Uncas or Lando. The Maiden Plate ought to be a good thing for Phoebe Walton. Governor or Topsail should win the Steeplechase, and Honora, Violet or Pyrette the half-mile. For Tattersall's Cup I select Off Colour, and Ioneydew'for Carrington Stakes. 