DowN in the garden the marigolds and chrysanthemums were all abloom, for it was in the warm, bright time of autumn. Rhoda Spinner, wandering slowly along the paths, was like some of these gay autumn flowers herself, with her high colour, warm, gold kissed brown hair and crimson mouth. As for hert dress, it was of a pansy purple, and became her. But Rhoda was in a thought ful mood, not a gay one. " If only I could know," she said to, herself. " If: only I could know. Is it shyness, or is it-" She paused without finish ing the sentence. " I have always despised women who let their hearts go before they were asked for," she said, with something like a sob; ;" am I going to do this very thing myself ? and yet it does seem as though Roland Blair loved me." Poor Rhoda Spinner ! There was no doubt in her: mind that Ralph Weaver loved her-the Rev. Ralph Weaver, who preached his long, calm sermons to the congregation of the high-steepled church that looked so like one of ,those in a- toy village. Any time she choose he would have said the words that 'she did not want him to say-words that would have sounded' so sweet' on Roland Blair's lips; and before Roland came there I think she had not known but that she might say "Yes"'' to him. He was good, and not ill-looking, despite lustreless light. hair and too small, a chin for a man; and there was honour, too, in being a clergyman's wife, and pleasure in the thought that in giving herself to him she would give him what he thought to be earth's greatest good. But then this young tutor had arisen on her horizon-a graceful, gallant fellow, like a figure out ;of' some Italian picture, with his great black eyes and glossy, raven hair. He talked as she had never heard any one talk before, and wore elegant g arments, to which'he added sometimes a touch of the picturesque in hat or cloak; and what' a contrast he was to Ralph the reveroned, in his stiff, black broad cloth ! Perhaps Ralph knew it. He was a man of some penetration. At least Iknow that very soon Roland Blair had Rhoda Spinner quite to himself. And so it came to pass that she walked out in the autumn garden,. and communed with herself as we have seen, and finally saunt cred out of it, betook herself, with a 'book in her hand, toward a certain grove, where now and then, perhaps,.Roland met her "just by chance." To-day, however, he did not come; and as she leant against ,a tree, and pretended to herself that she was reading, not waiting and watching for a step upon the path and a shadow on the grass, she did not notice that the clouds came piling up from the west,with that dull purple on their breasts that tells of a coming storm, and not until a sudden flash of lightning was followed by a heavy roll of thunder did she realise the fact that she,,she ter ribly afraid of a thunderstorm as she was-and wearing a' dress that would spot with wet too, a serious tht ught for a girl not over riof--cwas absolutely half a mile from home under those dangerous trees an 1 without even a parasol. She begani to run, gathering up her flounced-skirts in one hand, but down came ,heo great drops. " I shall never wear this dress again, even if I am not struck by the lightning before I reach home," cried R?hoda; and then she remembered that only a few steps down the' road was the church, that at least its broad porch would shelter her; and flutter-. ing over the grass, like some great purple bird, she caught the sanctuary. Not only the church-porch was ready to receive her but the church itself. The door stood open, and within, in the vestry room, Rhoda saw the striped-calico dress and checked apron of Betsy Spratt, who cleaned the' building; and, thankful for the sight of a human face, as a frightened woman always is, hurried towards her. " Caught in the rain, Miss ?" cried 'Betsy. " Well, 'twon't last-long, and you are safe here. I've been making a little fire, for this here 'vestry is' always ;like ice of autumn nights, and there's to be a meeting :of some sort. I'm going' t dust the gallery now.' You set up and dry :your feet. Young gals ain't never keerful enough of 'their feet. Hannah Emmery, that's buried just outside the' windy, went' off in a decline cnr account of wearin' ' thin shoes, and nothing else,' so the doctor said; . With which Betsy shouldered her brooms and dustbingbrushes and departed. Rhoda was not nervous, but it did not make her livelier to sit listenihg to the thunder, and looking ,out at the white slab that marked the resting place of poor M\iss Emrory . She threw another little log of wood upon the fire-they burnt wood in that vestry-room for some reason- and drew closer to the grate, But the sky was growing darker, and the' windows were even veiled by the pelting rain that beat against them like hail, and poured down the surface in one broad sheet. And there is something rather uncomfortably lonely about a country church, even when one does not believe in ghosts. And then,' too, she hardly knew why there arose before her the picture of the clergy man as he sometimes sat there, writing his sermons, -all alone, and with that odd, patient look that had come into his face upon it. The look troubled her, because she knew it was her fault that it was there, whether she would own it or not. And, indeed, with no one to caro for him-no mother, or sister, or wife-the man must be very lonely, evenin the little parsonage that, under feminine care, might grow' so cheerful. ' Others wondered" why the parson :did not marry." Rhoda did not. She knew. The rain' splaheondand pouiiredl, gurglinig from, the water-spout until it looked 'like a young waterfall. A: branch of ~ip great vine that had been nailed against the church w~all was beate ..lown and came knocking at the panes, and sud etpiy Rhoda heard eteps outside- men's footsteps-.and, why she ýLd noot know, star ecj. t0 409 Iouit 'du uIiý A. uuculOl t lat&J; - little alOO~-2 where the shadows had grown dark., Who knew but those' who came might be those awful beings, jtramps." Rhoda's -rt pount certainly was not bravery. In a momsgreat mor she 'was sorry for what she had. done, for two entleen came o the vestry room. .One: of them :the pastor himself; ?1e other poland Blair. The lattor. was talking merrily: to n t you, Mfr. Weaver,"he wa I am glad Inaj'v'"' d wasn'e. saying. I cordially' dislike a wetting, and I did not oexpect a storm when I made my "way Jinyour prett namoods helaire. I pre sume I address the Rev. .Mr. Weaver ? ity name is Blair. Wtell, you've a nice little churoh. Thanks. I' will not it dolwn; the fire is aooeptable,' though wh :. uld have thought it could, be this morning ?" : le has been to meet, me," t. h°ught tRhoda, with a blush, in in her dark hiding-place- I ml t have known hewould S"-You find pretty scenes for your sketch-book here, Mr? Blair,"' said the clergyman. " It is a romantic spot. . "' Pretty seenes and pretty faces," said the other; ? The girls are ivonderfully fresh-and buxom, b-ut:.I suppose: you 'apipeciate the fact. '. A young.clergyman has it all' his own, way in a village -wait, though.'- Perhaps you :are' married ??" "No," said' the clergymnan.' " No'; I ami still sihgle.' " I congratulate you," said Mr. Blair: "" Remain . so. : Your fun is over when you!ve' once tied: yodirself to onei woman:. Time enough when-you, are old to s'ettle down in that way. I like the girls-no man better-but I take care:: to keep my heal :out of the noose. £Hai'd work too, isu't it ?" " I have never found it very difficult," said the clergyman, in a singular toue. " Come now, said' Mr. Blair ;,the churchwardens are rnot lby. You know, as well as I do that there's nothing.harder. You can't make a little love to a girl without being supposed to- be'iii et.rnest,'especially in a country lplace like this. And clergymen, they, tell me,. have a worse time than the rest of us.; but you 'are wise--you've escaped, so far, as I said, keep clear of it. as. long as you: an.' The clergyman made no answer. As for Rhoda, her heart was beating very fast. =These were not the sentiments Mr. Blair. uttered in her ear as they walked alone in the: imoonlight, or .sat under the honeysucle vines upon the porch. ' oI ddon't know what a man wants of a wife,". said Mr. Blair, bursting out again upon' the same topic. " Really all this : non sense about domestic felicity is absurd. It must be rather a bore to. look across the table every day at the same pretty faee. Any man is a fool who dbn'tmarry a prettyvomanh. 'And then women tease one with their ecstacies of affection and their protty- jealousies, and, as Douglas' Jerrold says, we're:not allowed toi: change.:them wiheUn they-grow old, as we would bank notes, : one twenty. foir two tens-ba, ha,.ha." c You are not a married imani, .sir-neither amn I; andiwe ?'have little experience intlie matter,t' said- Ralph :Wea:ver, qi?ietly ' burt I must iay that you reganrd matrimony ina. 'singular"- ;way. I have always thought it a very holy thing.. I have always be lieved a good- wife one of Heaven's chiefest blessings. - It stiikes me that ecstacies: of hffection: which :one has` inspired?minst be rather pleasant ; and as for jealousies, -it rests with a i::hausbaed never to awakei those . As for wearying of a wife becauseshe has grown old; a husband must grow old as ;well.. -:.They g~row .old togetheir. '" The ladiesof your congregatiotn would certainly approve of your sentiments," said. Mr. Blair, 'with a laugh.: - ' I wondersone of them has not captured you before ^ now. :I 'suppose I have been talking a:little. too freely to ,a clergyman, but my sentiments are- these of the world,' sir. They think as I' do at the clubs. Mariage is. quite going out. At least, only the girls that have money are likely to find husbands.) However, I: wouldn't offend you for the world." - I. Nor I you,' said Ralph Weaver, rising, " but I 'must speak my mind. Marriage can nevor' go out' among men of honour, and a true woman's pure love is to my mind ;Heaven's .chiefeft blessing. One who wins it, meaning to set' it aside,: is a cold hearted brute" ". Ah, yes !" said-Mr. Blair. "Your take things- seriou:sly, I see.:: Well, I :suppose one of your profession must. I :see thei rain is over. :iThanks for the :shelter. Good -afternroon.'? -He took himself away. ':- Five minutes, after a-little :figure -crept :unseen out of , the vestry-room, and' the 'wind dried hot' tears' on: Rho da` Spinner's cheeks as she' took her w'way: homeward along theý sodden road. For a, day: or two she was very unhappy. Then it dawned upon her that her- lucky stars': had led her to that':little vestry room, and that it was well- for :.hei. to have: heard these' two men talk* Afteria while, thinking theselthingsover,; she began to under.' stand .that with:.one who thought a good:: wifes ieave'n's chiefest blessing a' woman might well be: happy ; and that a: gentleman who' prospectively desired toi change one 'twenty for two tens might actually come as noar as possible 'to doing it'some day, even if hde ?tbiwed on one' woman the inestimable' honour of his hand. And so one day she came face to face with: .Ralph : Weaver in a sweet; green lane,' and though all that she did was to give him her hand and smile, still sometimes that, is a good deal.- And when a 'girl has been a little cruel to one who loves her, it is not unmaidenly to compensate for it by being very kind, and to know that a':man is good and loyal is so much to a woman, so very much- more than men know, that from that hour in the vestry room Ralph Weaver had been much more charming in her eyes than picturesque and debonair Roland Blair could ever be again. And the end of it was that the parsonage found a mistress and grew to be the brightest little home for.miles around, and that long after when the pretty matron's children had grown. fair and tall about her, she thanked Heaven for having led her almost igainst her will into .the happy heaven where peace and love awaited her, and a true-heart pad been her shelter-all those years from every storm of .life. -:; Fon. Boston Mother '(to daughter)': ' J'enni, did you kiss youn Gasklns again, to-night ?' Daughter i.. -Yes, mamma, he s just lost an uncle in an Francisco,.and I' was- so- sorry::: for hlmi! Fond' BostdnlMothor: :. Well, jennile~ let-this !bei the last:'.": Im iafi'aid if youikee?on encoturaging him :with: your- sympathy lih won'tb have a relative left in thoe wide, wido vorld.' -Minister : ' That wiasa very vivi'd pioture i dew. 'in this .imorn ing's sermon of the biirning: tortures of the lost, Deaconi, and was +he annrn'oo.tion did not seem to be n'artilarlval imireased'. Deacon : ' Yes, I noticed that mryself, and I. partly account for it by the fact that the temperature !of the church was only a degree or two- above freezing.' A comical incidentis related of an ,eminent English nobleman who was presiding at ia p-ress dinner. He concluded his few feeble remarks by proposing the '''ealth of Gutenburg.' . Some one pulled his coat-tails and whispered that he was dead. ' I regret,' continued the nobleman,;' to announce that intelligence has just been received that Gutenburg is dead.' S'Mother,' said a little Rockland girl, looking up from :her book, 'what does transatlantic mean ? 'Oh, across the Atlantic, of course. Don't bother me, you make me lose my count.' ' Does trans always mean across ?' I suppose it does. 'If :.you don't stop bothering me with your questions you'll go to; bed.' ' Then does transparent mean a cross parent? Ten miniutes later she was resting in her little couch. 