John Needkm's Doable. A STORY FOUNDED ON FACT. By JOSEPH HATTOK Author of 'Clytie,' 'Cruel London,' 'Three Recruits,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIL — A Bundle of Letters and Telegrams, which Brings this Tragic Siort to an End. [From Joseph Norbury, Liverpool, to Miss Kate Norbury, Wyedale.] 'Arrived here safe and well— much better than when left home. Go on board Ocean Queen first thing in the morning1. God ble3s you, Hope Aunt Dorothy is quite welL Best love.' [From Elate Norbury to Joseph Norbury. J ' Love and congratulations on your improved health. Fair weather, a pleasant voyage, and a quick and safe return. Aunt Dorothy joins with me and Dick in beet wishes and god speed.' [From Joseph Norbury to Kate Norbury.] 'Good-bye, my dear sister; just off on the tag to Ocean Qaeea. Will write from New York. Write me at New York Hotel. Best love toalL' These three telegrams demonstrate the com pleteness of John Needham's escape, and the safe beginning of his new career in the assumed character of Joseph Norbury. Monday's newspapers, however, had a great shock for Kate Norbury, in the report of John Needham's suicide. This was the one acquaintance Joe had made in London, and they were so much alike in appearance that he had written and described the odd circumstances of their meet ing. The afiair disturbed Kate a good deal; but Aunt Dorothy calmed her with affec tionate advice and wise comments upon the proverb that truth is stranger than fiction. On Tuesday night, however, when Kate read that Mr. Green, M.P., had seen John Needham. on the platform of the Liverpool railway station a strange sense of fear and alarm took possession of her, and the following .telegram passed between her and Dick: — From Miss Norbury to Richard Woodville, Manchester. ] 'Please come to Wytdale at once, Aunt Dorothy and myself are anxious to confer with you on an important matter.' [From Bichard Woodville to Miss Norbury.] ' I shall catch the mail and be with you before eleven.' {From Bichard Woodville to Horace Wood, of Wyedale, at The Cottage, Richmond Bridge.] -'At what hour did you see Mr. Joseph No bury on Saturday, and when did you leave tun ? Please reply at once.' [Wood to Woodville.] ' Dined with him at six, New Hummum's Hotel ; left him at nine. Why do you ask ?' [Woodville to Wood.] 'Did he mention Needham to you in your conversation, and do you know where he went after dinner ? And if j on do not, please go to the hotel and telegraph at once the hour he went out, when he returned, and what he did. Kate is disturbed for some reason about him.' JWood, ISew Hnmnram's Hotel, London, to Woodville, Wyedale.] 'Am staying here to-night; return tomor row. Joseph did not mention Needham to me. The porter says he went out at about nine o'clock, smoking a cigar, that he returned about half -past one, said he had been into the country, and had lost the local train, seemed in good spirits, was called in the morning at seven, had breakfast, paid his bill, and left by ten train for Liverpool.' [Woodville to Wood.] 'Don't come down; I will come up. Wait for me.' Dick airived in London on Wednesday night, read the evidence given at the opening of the inquest, conferred with Lawyer Wood, talked with the porter, and on the next day asked permission to seethe body of the suicide. The shell had been screwed down, but through the influence of Mr. Wood, the coroner gave the necessary order to remove the lid. Decom position' had set in, but the face had not much changed, and Woodville was shocked at tbe resemblance to his friend. Later in the day he had an interview with Mr. Wilfred Green, the member for Harwood, who stated that the gentleman he met at Liverpool said he was Joseph Noibmy. [From Richard Woodville, New Hummum's, London, to Miss Norbury, Wyedale.] 'My dear Kate— I have done as you desired in all things, and come to the conclusion that our dear Joe is all right. The coincidences which have made such an impression upon you would have only amused you had aot this miserable man committed suicide. It was the shock of bis death coming upon Joe's mention of him that set you thinking of the tragic possibilities you have imagined. Then that old fool Green (his constituents were green- when they elected him) not taking trouble in his letter to the Times to say that the stranger gave his name and that it was Nor bury ; he did not -do this because he wanted to make out that he had really seen a ghost— the idiot ; but now that he has been chaffed and people say the whole thing was an invention he is very glad to have it shown that he really did see somebody, and that the stranger was very much like Needham. A pompous old ass this Green, with a great -wide straggling forehead, goggle eyes, and a very self assertive manner. I can quite understand Joe snubbing him — it was just like Joe to do so. 'The adjourned inquest takes place to morrow, but there are no new facts. The body was fully identified, and there does not seem to me a single suggestion, my dear Kate, to bear out your alarming fancy that Needham bad killed our dear Joe and escaped in his clothes, &c.; My dear child, it is only a bad dream. I saw the body this morning. It startled me for a moment, it was like him, but stouter and taller: and— well, thank God, it was not our dear, great-hearted Joe. Further more, I found at the hotel that Joe had left some money in charge of the landlady ; that part of his luggage was in the baggage room, and that when he paid his bill he forgot none of these things. I tried for the time to think - myself a detective acting upon ' information he had received,' and following up your theory ; but it would not work, thank goodness ; and Wood, who Ieave3 to-sight, w.ll tell you so and give you the comfort of our united opinions to this efiect. Besides, as I said before, Joe's telegram from Liverpool, mentioning Aunt Dorothy, shows that he was not Needham or Needham's ghost in masquerade. No, no, my darling Kate, you are not well, Joe's going has troubled you, the shock of this man's death, following as I have said before on Joe's genial mention of him, and the sensational novels you have been reading lately ; these are the causes of your morbid thought. Foreive me for saying morbid. The truth is you are lonely and fanciful ; so, also, am I ; and the best thing for both of us is to get married. What do you say now to this proposal — a honeymoon trip to New York ! Won't that benefit you? Then you can tell Joe yourself what a dear silly goose you are, and what a wildgoose chase you sent me on to this great, busy, God- forsaken city, when I would have much preferred a day's fishing in the Wye, a ramble with you, and an evening's whist with Aunt Dorothy at double dummy. Well, shall it be as I suggest, and to New York for our honeymoon? 'Your devoted and ever affectionate,' ' Dick.' Thereupon followed in quick succession the following telegrams : — [From Miss Norbury to Richard Woodville.] ' Yes.' [From Richard Woodville to Miss Norbury.] 'Do you really mean it ?' [From Miss Norbury to Richard Woodville.] 'I never was more in earnest. Wait for letter which I am now writing, and then come to Wyedale with all speed.' [From Bichard Woodville to Miss Norbury.] 'I wait impatiently, and I write meanwhile so that our letters will cross.' These are the letters that crossed : — ' My dearest Kater— Your telegram fiHa me with alarm and with joy, and I should not be the honest Dick I hope I am if I did not say that joy is in the ascendant. We shall be two happy people, because we can make sacrifices for each other. Our love has nothing of selfish ness in it, and while we have postponed our marriage for the sake of others we are now, it seems, to hurry it on because we both love our dear Joe, and you are miserable in his absence. Well, so am I, so far as it is possible for a man to be miserable under the circumstances. You have got some strange fancy into your dear little head about Joe, and will not be satisfied without following him to New York. I take you at your word, and shall write to Man chester by this post to fix my vacation, and I am glad to say my partners can well afford to let me go. Business has prospered with us, and the future is even more hopeful than our most sanguine expectations. So, sweet Kate, my dear love and friend, we will become Mr. and Mrs. Richard Woodville as quick as the law and the church will let us, and then ' Hail Columbia.1 The hours are weeks until I get your letter in the morning, my dear, dear Kate. 'Love to Aunt Dorothy, and a heap of kisses for you — one of which you can transfer to A, D., but only one. ' Your own, 'Dick.' 'My dear, kind Dick— Our dear Joe is dead. I am cure of it — dead, and buried in that grave in Kensal Green. Don't think me mad. Aunt Dorothy says I am ; she is very good to me. Dr. Ware says the news of Mr. Needham's death, coming upon Joe's letter describing their meeting, has upset my nerves. . Lawyer Wood has put the affair in what he calls a legal and logical shape, and laughs at me. But, oh. Dick, there is an instinct that is above logic, a pam that is beyond medicine. My heart knows its own sorrow, and my heart mourns for our dear Joe. He is. dead, and that man Needham has gone to New York in his place. Mr. Green may have a name that suggests ridicule.- and a belief in super natural thing that seems foolish. But I have seen Joe since he left up, and he was standing by the white column in tbe churchyard. I said nothing of this until I read Mr. Green's letter in the Times, and then my heart, my soul, and mind, all my being, were filled with the reve lation of Joe's death. It was on Saturday night. You had just arrived by the jnau from Manchester. The clock was striking ten. It was a lovely night. There was a beautiful moon. I looked out of the window to blow a kiss in my fancy far away to Joe, when the moon beams seemed to strike a halo about that white column in the churchyard, and thongh it is a quarter of a mile away I distinctly saw Joe standing there. He was in evening dress, and he looked towards me and then turned sadly away. Whilst I gazed transfixed, a cloud passed over the moon; and churchyard, column, the sad vision, and all vanished away. Don't you remember that I was sad all the night ? Don't you remember that Aunt Dorothy gave me her smelling salts, and that she was very angry because I revoked at whist. Don't you re member that you said I looked pale and ill the next day at church, and that you put it down to poor Mr. Luke's sermon? Your cheering words, Aunt Dorothy's kindness, helped me to begin to forget what I had seen and fancied, and Joe's telegrams on Monday quite cured me until night, when the death of Needham shocked me, and the letter of that member of Parliament in the Times on Tues day drove me crazy. I recalled the vision of Saturday night, and my heart seemed to cry out 'he is dead, your brother is murdered, the wretched man who was like him has poisoned him !' I could not shake it off, I cannot now, even after your letter and assurances, and the evidence at the inquest, the identity, the letters, everything. I am a woman and not logical; 1 am a woman and don't ask me to reason. I love him ; I ask my heart does he live? The answer is, 'No.' I go into his room, I touch his coat, I look at his picture — does he live? I ask. No ! His dogs go whining about the place, the summer wind moans in the trees, _ my pigeons come and nestle upon me as if they knew and were sorry. Two of the roses on_ the grave where Joe's heart was buried . with hers he loved so (and I loved her dearly as I could love and did love everything he loved), two of his favorite rose trees are dying, and I never saw so red and angry a sunset as that of last night. Now, dearest Dick, comeback to Wyedale and take me to New York. That is if you care to have so forlorn a companion, I have told you all I feel and fear .and dread ; but I am still the business-like little woman you say you admire, and mean to be very shrewd and business-like, and either to find Joe alive on the other side of the sea or to track his murderer - down. So if this is the sort of woman you care to marry .go to Doctors' Commons, get the licence, bring it, and my things are packed for our journey. And, oh, if God should be so good as to spare us this awful calamity, if He should reverse it as He can, if that vision and all the rest should be nothing but * a little dis order and an overwrought fancy,' as Aunt Dorothy says, then, dear Dick, my best friend, what a happy, happy world it will be. Come to your wretched, loving ' Kate.' We gather from the next letter in the bundle that Dick did procure the licence, that the couple were married, that they sailed as speedily as circumstances would permit for the new world. [From Richard Woodville to Mrs. Dorothy Norbury.] 'New York Hotel, New York City, U.S. ' My dear Friend — We have just arrived, after a stormy passage, and I write to advise you of this according to promise, but I can do little more at present than give you this information. Kate did not suffer froia mal de mer; it turned out that I was the worst sailor of the two. If we should only find that all is well we shall have a very happy time. I need not tell you that Kate is the dearest, sweetest girl in the world. You know that; Wyedale knows it ; everybody knows it. The sea air and the change have done her good. Some times during the voyage she seemed to forget all her gloomy forebodings. She made friends with a most agreeable American family living in the Fifth Avenue — father, mother, two daughters, and a son, very nice young people all of them, father and mother as young as the rest, and they have invited us to dinner. The weather is exceedingly hot, and New York is almost like a Continental city. I think we shall like the Americans, which will be quite in keeping with my business experience of them gained in Manchester, though I know you are prejudiced on account of the' slave business, but every nation has its peculiar institutions, and after all we English endowed, the States with this one, to which you and all of us no w so much object. It is like me, you will say,- to - leave what may seem the bad news of my letter to the last. Joe is not here, and I am sorry Kate did not let me write a mail ahead of us to say we were coming. He left a week ] ago for the west they think, or for one of : tfie summer resorts, the hotel people don't know which. They believe he went west, as he made some enquiries as to the route to Chicago, and talked of going back to England by way of San Francisco and Japan, which means a tremendous journey, and a dangerous one, across the plains. Kate bearsup well under this news, which, unless it is explained to morrow by the lawyers in re the Norbury property business, is rather extraordinary. I wish we had written to him ; ' but sufficient for the day.' The best news is that we have arrived safe_ and well, Kate far better than when we sailed ; that this hotel seems very comfoi table, the people civil ; and let us hope that Kate's strange and curious fancies will be dissipated to- morrow. It there is time to put a postscript to this letter before the mail goes in the morning, I shall add it with the latest news of Joe that can be got. With our united loves, I am your true and affectionate, 'Dick. 'P.S. — Just time to say have seen the lawyers ; they had -written to Kate a week ago, and I enclose a copy of their letter.' ' Broadway, New York. ' Dear Madame — Your brother, Mr. Joseph Norbury. requests us to inform you of his safe arrival, and of the good prospects there are of his succession to a share of the Norbury pro perty in this state. When alighting from a carriage at the hotel he met with a slight accident, which incapacitates him from writing at the moment — a sprain of the thumb, a slight matter, but rather painful. On this account he asks us to be his correspondents to you. He wishes us to add that it is his desire that you should no longer consider him in regard to your marriage. On reflection he feels that he has been selfish in this matter, and he hopes on his return to find a brother as well as a dear sister at Wyedale. You may expect a letter from him by the next mail, and -in the mean time should hej leave New York, as he ex pects to do in two days, any letters' addressed to him to our care will be mailed to him. He will post us up in his address from time to time. We are to say that with the exception of the slight sprain before mentioned he is quite well, and you will please give his kind remembrance to Dr. Ware and to Lawyer Wood, and to inform Dr. Ware that his opinion was quite correct; it was change that he needed. Also give his love to Aunt Dorothy and to Dick, and accept the same with his sincere affection and solicitude for yourself. ' We remain, yours, ' Hall, Bond, & Fiske.' Later there comes among other correspon dence, which need not be mentioned, the following history of the adventure of Kate and her husband in a letter to Lawyer Wood, the contents of which are to be discreetly com municated to Mrs. Dorothy Norbury. It seems to the historian that this remarkable letter brings to a sufficiently complete climax the story of John Needham and his most un fortunate double. [From Richard Woodville to Horace WilMns Wood, Esq., Wyedale, England.] ' Queen's Hotel, Toronto, Canada. ' My dear Mr. Wood— You will be good enough to break this news to Aunt Dorothy. My dear wife, who has behaved with singular heroism, is quite calm under the blow which fate has dealt us. ' I knew it from the first,' she says, ' and while I shall never be a happy woman again I shall bear my sorrow with Christian resignation, and do my duty to you' — meaning me. lam beginning in a rambling fashion, but you must bear with me. When you have broken the intelligence conveyed in this letter to Mrs. Dorothy Norbury you will please take such legal and proper steps as are necessary for the removal of the remains of Joseph Norbury from the grave at Kensal Green, where his murdered body was interred in the name of Needham. The enclosed depositions and other papers our lawyers here consider, as I do sufficient for you to obtain.the necessary faculty for tbe re moval cf the body to Wyedale, where it is to be interred in the family vault by the side of the remains of the late Mrs. Joseph Norbury. ; All this you will please attend to with dispatch, ; so that everything may be prepared for our i return, our dear Kate being anxious that the proper interment of the dear fellow shall be our first melancholy duty on our return home. i ' I am so borne down by the events that have occurred during the past few days that I could not proceed to relkte them to you with- j out letting you understand at once that my dear wife s views, confided to you at our departure for New York, have been proved to be only too true an interpretation ' of the dreadful facts. When we arrived in New York we found that Joe had left; Messrs. Hall, Bond, & Fiske, the lawyers, had written to Kate informing her that he had hurt his thumb and could not at that moment write himself. Mrs. Dorothy Norbury will have opened this letter and shown it to you, no doubt, as it was understood she would have the benefitof your advice, and had authority to open all letters. Well, it seemed all perfectly natural, for there were messages in it to you and to Ware ; but Kate was not satisfied. I tried to distract her thoughts from their all-absorbing fear. We went to the theatre, drove about the city, accepted an invitation to dinner. Thus three days went by and we then asked the lawyers if Mr. Norbury had communicated with them ? Yes, that day by telegraph, his letters to be sent to the Palmer House Hotel, Boston. I would have telegraphed our arrival to him, but Kate preferred that we should go straight to Boston. ''Shall you write to him?' she asked Mr. Hall. ' ' Yes,' he said, ' we shall inform him that we have had the pleasure of handing to his sister a copy of the letter we had forwarded to England.' ' ' Might I ask you, as a favor, not to do so ?' said Kate. ''If you have any special reason for making the request we shall gladly act upon it, apart from the fact that the request is made by a lady,' said the lawyer. ''I would like to surprise him,' she said. ' You have written to me uoon the Question of my marriage, and we, my husband and I, would ourselves like to be the bearers of the news of our union. If you will humor us, especially me, tq this extent, we shall start by the first train for the Palmer House, Boston.' ' ' Why, certainly Mrs. Woodville. I shall consider your request a command ; there are no letters for your brother, and we have no in formation to send him except the news of your arrival. I hope you like New York.5 ' * Oh, yes, very much,' said Kate. ' * I know the Palmer House people, and shall be happy to give you a line to the clerk there to see that you have every attention.' ' ' Thank you very much,' I said, ' for your kindness and for obliging my wife.' ' ' No thanks required, you are welcome to the'best we can do,' he said. ' The next morning we were in Boston. We travelled all night. Mr. Norbury had left Boston for Chicago. His letters were to be held for him until he communicated his next address to the hotel clerk. We called upon the chief of police. This was Kate's wish. Not that we told him anything beyond onr de sire to overtake Joseph Norbury. Could they assist us? They would do any thing to oblige us, but if we had no charge to make against the gentleman they did not see their way. We put it as a matter of family importance, and the anxiety of a sister to find her brother ; offered to pay any expenses. They detailed a detective to our service. I gave him privately a heavy fee. At night he brought us news. Mr. Norbury hadnot boughtaticketf or Chicago ; hehadgonetoToronto,Canada. Kate clutched my arm for support. The detective noticed her emotion. ' ' Don't you think you had better tell me what the trouble is ?' the detective said. ' I gness you can trust me.' 'We told him all. At least I did. He went and had a long talk with the hotel clerk. Kate was tired. She went to bed on the under standing that there was no train leaving for Canada until the morning. ' * Did he always shave, this yere Mister Norbury ?' the detective asked me after this conference. ' ' Always,' I said. ''He is growing a beard now, shaves the upper lip, has gotten about four weeks' on bis chin, and a streak of side whiskers. He asked for English newspapers, and read them diligently, made a great show of going to Chicago ; but I have a friend at the depot who has an eye for faces, English faces in particular. Bet your wife is right ; women are very 'cute, sir, very.' ' 'What is to be done?' ' ' Guess I have done it — I've telegraphed to have him stopped, and his baggage 'held awaiting our arrival.' '' The next night we arrived .at Toronto. There was no such name as Joseph Norbury on the hotel books. The police had not dis covertd him. No baggage had been found with his name or initials upon it. ''He felt secure until he got to Boston,' said tbe detective, 'then I guess something in the newspapers scared him ; bring me the latest English papers.' ' A waiter brought a bundle of papers. We read the sensational article alluded to by the coroner at the inquest, and the correspondence of Mr. Green and others. ' 'He made up his mind at first to be Joseph Norbury for a long time, but changed it at Boston ; he would have kept it up at all events until he had grown a strong beard and got right away anyhow; but the papers have scared him, not that anybody else evidently has doubts except the dear little clever woman, your wife ; but we'll get him.' 'On enquiry at the Queen's Hotel it was found that six passengers hod arrived on the previous day, and that one gentleman's lug gage was * decidedly English/ ''Show me the baggage-room.' - ' ' 'We went into the baggage-room. ' ' Look round,' said the detective, ' it is hardly likely he will have changed hb trunks at present; he can have no reason to think that he is followed ; he is only yet in the first stages of his preparations to efface himself as Joseph Norbury.1 ' ' Yes,' I said, in a whisper, ' that is one of my friend's portmanteaus, I know it by the brass bindings; if I am right you will find J. N. under the label that has been pasted thereby the handle, _ 'I felt a chill run through jne as the detec tive rubbed at the label and called for water and a sponge. ' Yes ; there were the initials. ' ' What is the number of the gentleman ?' ' ' Twenty-five,' said the attendant. '?Is he in?' ''No.' ' ' Give me his key.' ' It was found that he had taken his key ; but his room was opened with a master key. ' ' That is my friend's dispatch'box,' I said, recognising the property at once. 'It was locked. The officer forced it. Joe's letters, pocket-book, Kate's letters, paper knife, writing pad, portraits. It seemed to me that Joe must be here. I could not realise when looking at these familiar things the possibility of the crime they now represented. 'We left the room; locked the door. The detective posted himself in the room opposite. I loitered in the hall. My wife remained in her room. The hotel clerk was to look straight at me when 25 came in. Presently a gentle man, Joe's height and build, came in. The clerk looked at me. I looked at the stranger. He wore spectacles, and had long grey hair. I followed him. He went into No. 25. I went into the room opposite. '' It is a wig then,' said the detective. ' You bet the English papers have scared him. Come — follow me.' ' The detective took a revolver from his pocket, knocked at the door, walkec* in, quietly confronted his man, and presenting the revolver at his head, said — 'John Need ?ham, put up your hands.' ?' The wretched man was not afraid of death as was afterwards shown ; but he did not put up his hands ; he staggered and clutched, a chair for support. In an instant the detective slipped his hand beneath his coat and took away a revolver, which he handed to me, and the next moment he had passed his hand over all the wretched creatures pockets. ' 'That's all right, don't want you to hurt yourself, guess we've surprised you. Now, sir, take off your wig so that your friend may recognise you.' The officer did not wait for bis instructions to be carried out — he removed the wig ; and then, oh, my dear Wood, it was my turn to stagger; the man before me was a cruel like ness of our dear Joe. If he had not attempted to disguise himself, if we had met him in the ordinary course of events, I can imagine myself being deceived. ''Is it Joseph Norbury?' the detective asked. ' ' It is strangely like and unlike him,' I said. ' As I spoke the wretch seemed to pull him self together, at which the detective moved towards him. ' ' Don't be afraid, sir,' he said ; ' I am your prisoner, and I will not attempt to run away.' 'The voice of our dear fellow — the voice, and as I have heard it in sorrowful moments. ' 'I am John Needham, and lam sorry you did not shoot me. Let me make the last reparation that is in my power — a full confession of my guilt, the last confession of a miserably guilty wretch ? ' ''Well, I guess that will keep for the present,' said the detective. 'Come with me.' ' ' Give me leave a moment,' he said, rising, ' it is the last favor I ask, and the information I can give you may save you trouble and further sorrow.' 'The voice, the manner, now that he was calm, almost the look of our dear Joe ! ' ' May I ask who this gentleman is V ' * I am Richard Woodville,' I said. ' He shuddered. ' * I would like before I go to prison to place in your hands this locket,' he said, suddenly thrusting his hand into his breast pocket, and doing so with an air of authority as the detec tive was about to interpose. But it was not a locket. He had tricked his captor. The next moment he had rushed to the other end of the room, and before the officer could seize him he had gulped down a carefully calculated dose of pruseic acid. 'We took his dying deposition, and they buried him with the ignominy that belongs to the old English law. The papers enclosed will give you the details, and 1 also send you two Canadian journals that deal with the matter in extenso. ' Kate bears up nobly with womanly forti tude, and I look to you, dear friend, to help me to give her the consolation, such as it is, of the removal of our dear beloved dead to jthe silent companionship of the woman he loved and mourned. My dear Kate has been watch ing me with tearful eyes while J have been writing this terrible record, noV and then getting up to lay her hand upon my head, and to say, 'Poor Dick, what trouble I have brought upon you,' as if she blamed herself for being wiser than any of us. If it were not for keeping myself up to help her to bear her 'woe, I feel as if I could fling myself upon the floor and cry like a child. 'God bless you, my dear Wood, and believe me to be your devoted friend, ' Richard Woodville.' One soft dreamy August day there was a fresh smell of newly-turned toff in the little churchyard of Wyedale; and they laid the body of Joseph Norbury by the side of bis dead love. The dews of heaven fell there, and the seasons came and went, and the roses grew red ? and white by the column upon which the two names were inscribed. Time was very gentle with everybody and everything at Wyedale, and is to this day. The grey hairs of Kate and ; Dick are but the first frosts of a hale and hearty winter, tempered with the sunny laugh of youth and hope ; for a cluster of boys and girls gather round about them, and call them father and mother. The simple joys of their children send their own thoughts back to the spring time of life before the shadow of death had withered any of its buds and blossoms. All the countryside knows of the tragedy in their history. During several years they only gave token of their knowledge by the fresh flowers they laid upon the grave at the foot of the white pillar ; but now the old people apeak to Kate and Dick of the dear fellow they lost so sadly, and a sort of pious mystery and awe in the general mind of the country folk attaches to the gentle character of Mrs. Joseph Norbury, who saw visions that were true in the days that are past and gone, [The End.] 