SP0KTING N0T3. By " Nbwmabkw' Mr. Bond ia co be congratulated for haying framed a very " flattering" programme for the principal events of the Geelong Racing Club Winter Meeting, and viewing his estimate of the candidates engaged in the various races, i find it diffioulfc to pick out one horse whose ohanoe stands out beyond that of another Duration very properly beads the list in the Bardie Raoe with 12rt. 21b.. and, ae the raoe is only one mile and jbree- quarters, the son of fitobenden should be able to make a more prominent display than he did in the Grand National Hurdle Race at Flemington last week. Royal Maid cornea next with list. 101b. ; but, on present form, Ruby, at 7ib. hold her tolerably safe. Those, bow- ever, who appear to rae to be th moss likely to furnish the winner are Koolyte, General Jackson, Grattan, Joey, ana Argan- thone. i like Anarchy, Violet, Lando, Louis xl, and First Pop in ua Railway Stakes, and Native, Havelock, and Brown Eagle rn tne Steeplechase. For the Winter Handicap 1 inoline to the ohances of Meteor, Lesbia, Little John, Recall, and Impulse- ... . As was generally anticipated, the Wiim Felipe Stakes of 10,000 wvb., which was run at Sandown Park last Friday, was won ky mr. h. t. Barclay's Bendieo, who, on the Withdrawal of Minting, became a strong favourite ; Candle as, a full brother to St. blaise, was second, and St. g&tieu; third. Though the running at Williamvtown on Saturday last has tacd the effect -or giving a better indioatiori hs 4o the probable result of the yaripds e» ens sfc Werribee to- dy, tbe \- Wyndham Glub ought to have a successful meeting if the wpatber is at all favourable. For the Hurdle Race Wihalla cow hr,ldH fhe premier po<>i urn, wifh 10a5 5lb , feat Revenge won so easily ftt Williametown that fce should be able to carry tiie penally "lie has incurred, and repeat his success of last Satur day. Of the others, i have a fancy for Wal halla and Joey. If the going is not too heavy, The Ghost may poll through in the Handicap. Should the trao-, however, not be favourable to Mr Beid's gelding, then, perhaps, Oeista, Mustang, and Honey Bee may prove the most formidable trio engaged. With a resolute horseman on her hack, Spangle may land the Steeplechase. i also expect to see Stockman and Tandsticker run well forward. Cuba end Casey look best in the selling Race, and Anaroby, Mabel Grey, and Mid- dlemarob In the Werribee Perk Handiaap. The usual railway arrangements will be carried out, and trains will leave Spenoer street station for tbe course about noon. Those having horses engaged in the Melbourne Cupar e notified that if they wish to escape further liability, they must declare out before 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 2nd August. TandBticker, the winner of the Williams- town Steeplechase on Saturday, was sold at auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Wednesday last to Mr. Miles, for 40 gaineas. The t&smanian; horses St. Albert, Maori Ccicf, Claredon, and Young Hqratio were to have left for Melbourne early in the week. Referring to Silverton, who has recently joined Kearney's stable at Campbell Town, Merlin, of the Tasmanian, observes : — " This is the Assyrian colt rising two years old, about whom every one is loud in praise on. aooount of his raoing.llke appearanoe, and there is no doubt that, so far as appearances go, he ought to be a good one. He is out of Silverthread by St. Albane, out of Sper mine's dam, and, therefore, on the score of breeding, has nothing to complain of." Tarpeia has again bean put into work, "and will probably be brought over here with others of Mr. w. a. Filgate'a horses in the spring. a New Zealand paper records the death of Mr. g. Redwood's stallion, Sir George, by Qaniel o'Rourke from Titania, Daring hie career on the turf, Sir George won the n xx A «1 /i _ M ama " cftug«auu« vuj; ouu inotiuutuugu vup( auu several other raaes. An offer of £400 was recently made by a Sydney sportsman, and refused, for the well- performed Queensland racing mare My Love. She ia a daughter of Yattendon and My Fancy, and described as a really " beautiful" mare. The GhriBtchuroh correspondent of the Otago Witness says in reference to Trenton : — " Trenton was sold this afternoon. This grand performer on the New Zealand and Australian tnrf was shipped on beard the Wakatipo for Sydney. For some time past Captain Gotton has been in treaty (on behalf of an. Australian purchaser) for him, but negotiations failed till the present, as Dan o'Brien's price proved too high. How ever, another purchaser turned up, and Mr. c. J. Penfold, the indefatigable secretary of the c. j.o,, has now the honour of being the buyer , of the mostoostly horse ever shipped from these shores.' There is still, however, a veil of secrecy overhanging the deal, as «IA(I nnan r!anfol«l flnftirtn kaa vamnfoeft idea who is the real purchaser, it being thoroughly well understood that Mr. Penfold is acting for another party. However, all i oan glean is that his price has reached that paid for Nordenfelt, and that his direct destination is Sydney. Mr. d. o'Brien said Captain Gotton attended his embark- ment, and special accommodation was pro vided for him on board the steamer — his box being lined with a mattress and floored with matting. The horse on going aboard be haved like a gentleman. Alongside him, and bound for the same port, was the trotter Erin, whose laurels are numerous, though but recent. He has been consigned to the same person, and Mr. Penfold himself was a pas senger by the same boat as far as Welli g- ton." It h&b; since transpired that Trenton has been bought by Mr. w. Cooper, and has gone into t. Lamond's stable. a letter written by Mr. Theo. Kirk, and Etyled " Mr. Gannon as a Starter," appeared in a recent issue of the Sydney Daily Tele graph and the writer takes the sporting press to task, and makes the following assertions—" In my humble opinion— and i believe w is shared by a great many— the late starter of the a. J.Q., Mr. Gannon, ib the most competent starter that has ever handled a flag at Randwiok ; and i, as a lover of sport and fair play, regret that. ; after his nrotraoted length of most ' honourable service as starter, he -should have been reoently so relentlessly and cruelly decried by a section of the press. Whenever It was his misfortune to make an indifferent start, no paper ever went so far to justify it as your journal in common with others, did on tbe occasion above alluded to ; but, on the oontrary, would nlge such failure as an argument in favour of the dispensation of his services. " Whether ol Hot Mr, Gannon is the best starter that ifits ever handled a flag al r&ndwick; (says "New Warrior ") neednot now be discussed ; bat it is oontrary to fact to say that he has been "relentlessly and cruelly decried.'' Equally so is it to say that 41 whenever it was his misfortune to make an indifferent start no paper ever went so far aB to justify it." Mr. Gannon, like all other starters, makes mis takes; and whenever ha bad an explanation to offer, such ab Mr. Keen's at Rosehill, it was alway accepted, and not passed over, as Mr Kirk would have his readers to believe. The recently-formed Amateur Turf Club at Wagga Wagga has decided to hold its inaugural meeting on the 18th August, when fhe following programme will be decided Maiden Plate, Hurdle Raoe, Amateur Handioap, Hack Raoe, Ladies' Bag, and Ladies' Bracelet. Rfsiisl several trophies, £105 will be given away In prises. Nomina tions will be due on the 10th August. J gather from an English paper that Colonel Rvenbill, R.A., lately delivered ..a lecture at tbe TJuiced Servioe Institution regarding the reserve of horae- for the airmy, and his remarks may prove interesting to colonial breeders. It is far from encouraging to hear that, exclusive of horses in I di, the Briiah army is fhort of sooieitutij? like twenty-eight thousand horses. To'meet this want. Colonel R vet'bill advocates tbe reimpceition of the b->r<-iax and a system of registration. In no country, witn the exception, perhaps, of Australia and C-nada. is the ht- rse supply very mucb '-j excess of the commercial r qoiremet.te r : the o untry, and it s? ems, therefore, clear x vat ws muft breed onr borees before weo»'- «ell them to the Government or to anyone ; e. Colonels Ravenhill a d Phillip's are ab; to sail for Canada, ia «rd r to ascertain ,nd to report wbst supply is to b=> obtained there. Whether there is hope from that quarter or not, Government rouse do something at home to encourage the bTsebreeder. Govern ment studs in England and aLo in In:»ia have proved failures, being Joo cosily. Tbe cheapest plan, afrer all, is to buy twe-yesr. olds from the breeder, and to this end the Royal Agricultural and Hunters Improve ment Societies oan help much if well seconded. In India also there - is a great dearth of army' horses, which is always increasir.fi!. Australia has the means of supplying a fair number of troop horses for thdt oonntry, and, if sufficient inducement were offered by the Indian Government, could almost meet the demand. Is it not within the bounds of possibility that before long tbe Southern colonies may be in a . position to send horses to the mother country? Darebin has been sold to Mr. Haggio, cf California, the gentleman who purohtstd s<r Modred. In selecting two horses 1 ke Sit Modred and Darebm, Mr. Haggio has displayed excellent judgment, and, if he does not achieve succors a« a breeder, it will not be beoause he has erred in bis choice of the two colonial stallions. The Adelaide horse Blueekin (lateDepriver), engaged in the Geelong Steeplechase, arrived from Adelaide la6t week. Saratohings. — Melbourne cup : The Pencil,. Opal, Black Snake, Brigantice, Prometheus, Moana, Corday. Caolfield Cup : Brigantine. Geelong Steeplechase : Havelook. The only occurrence which oooasioned any unpleasantness in or-nnccticn with the Williamstown Racing Glub Winter Meeting on Saturday last was the inevitable railway accommodation — or dieaooommodation, - i should say, to speak more correctly. It does certainly seem a remarkable thing that the resouroes of our Railway Depart- mmm A AA nal 4>A nvAtrMino em) rneub BAD UU« uvuai vw w«u CJUCU- tively running a few speoial trains within ten miieB or so from the metropolis. Racegoers, as a rule, however, are a very hopeful people, and some of the more sanguine look forward to the happy period when a speoial raoe train cu the Williams- town line can be made to travel at a faster rate than ten mil s au hour, which was about tbe ' gait" of some of the trains en the return journey on Saturday. The racing was well carried out, and backers started well by picking out Revenge for tbe Hnrdle Raoe. This gelding ia trained by Sam Floyd, and the style he out dow- his field is a proof, i think, that his trainer had : given him a good preparation. Revenge, who is a son of the mighty Panio, and, like The Agent, he graduated between the shafts of a boggy. Honora trade a pretty finish of it in the Railway 8takes with Mustang and Edith. The downfall of Mr. Gohen's filly was a pretty severe blow to her supporters, who put down the "pieces" her behalf very nhappfnllv Mahal ftrav 1 narvad it ani merrily in tbe SellingiRsee&nd; her side gave 70 80vs. to the olub. Havelook looked a very possible winner for the Steeplechase, when he unfortunately fell. Old Bathuret showed some of his old form in tbe Epsom Handicap, but he did cot get away so well as Honey Bee, who won pretty eaBily. Mr. g, Davis's motion to inorease tbe minimum weight to be carried In all handicaps was lost at the speoial meeting of the y.r.g. on Tuesday last by a majority of thirty -five to nineteen. The Gippsland sportsman, however, oan claim that his argument in favour of . the adoption of the higher scale was more powerful than any of those urged against it. Mr. Jnstiee Quinlan was the principal opponent to Mr. Davis's proposal, and, in replying to the assertion that it was mainly dne to the 6st, minimum that to many accidents occurred on our racecourses, said the faot that the coroner's jury at the inquest held on the poor lad Donald Nichol son, after the sad catastrophe in the Gaul- field Gup, did not come to the conclusion that the accident was caused by the light weights in the rAce, was a sufficient denial of the statement. Juries, however, do not enjoy the reputation of arriving at the most logical conclusions, and it does not follow that because the " ornnd men and true" on that oooasion were not discerning enoogh to see that the " putting-up " of light weights did not oause tbe accident, that tbe reBult was not traceable to that practice. 