Petheriek's MeA /o \ A STOET OF ADTESil^O^B;^'/ ITiAconiiy the Touth'b CoaPASiOT«;.of;.So9-6E, offered prizes to the amount of £600 for eig-hr-sbort -stories. The Btonee were to be selected by competent judyes as the best of those which rsighi be sent in competition for the prizes. A large number of manuscripts were received, and the prizes nave been awarded. The author of ' Petherick's Peril' received a prize of £100 for the «tory of adventure which is hera printed, Prauk E. Staektoa received the first prize for the best humorous story. Tbe largeness of the prize and the circumstances of the competition would warrant the reprinting of this story, even u it aia not possess a strong intrinsic interest. It is the first purely literary work of its author, Mr. E. W. Thomson, who, by the way, has had quite a chequered career. In' 1S64, at 15, in search of adventure, he joined a caralry regiment in Philadelphia, and served before PetersGnrj; nntil the end or the war. In l£68 he was with the QueenV Own against the Fenians, in Canada. Por several years he was a surveyor and civii engineer, camping constantly in the backwoods. He-thoh joined the stafi of the Tortmto; -Gixibe, where he remained four years. This story ?wa¥ done in a single night.' The editors of the CompIsion' 'wrote to hia i^V Few stories that luive been submitt«a to ???the Cohpasiok ts-ve woa such praise for their iatense;] -iflramatie power.'' ' . '! '*% Each storey of the Shelton Cotton ?Factory is 15ft between, floors ; there are seven such ovet ' the baseinent, aad this rises Oft above the ground. The brick walls narrow to Sin as they aseendj aad form a parapet rising above the roof. ObS; '?:*% the time- keepers in the factory, Jaclf' Hardji'a? young man about my own age, often tons alon g* the brick wall, the practice giving him a. singnlar delight which has seemed to increase withW3 proficiency in it. Having been a clerk in the works from the beginning, I have frequently used the parapet for a footpath, and although there was a sheer fall of 100ft to the ground, have done it with ease and without dizziness. Oc casionally Hardy and I have run races, on the opposite walls, an exercise in which I was invaria bly beaten, because I became timid witb increase of pace. Hopelessly distanced last Wednesday, while the men were off at noon, 1 gave up midway, and looking down, observed the upturned face of an old man, gazing at me with parted lips, wide eyes, and an expression of horror so startling that I involuntarily stepped down to the bricklayers' platform inside. I then saw that the apparently frightened spectator was Mr. Petherick, who has been for some weeks paymaster and factotum for the contractors . ' What's the matter, Petherick ?' I called down. He made no answer, but, walking off rapidly, dis appeared round the mill. Curious about his demeanor, I descended, and after some little Beekingr found him smokinsr alone. ' You quite frightened me just now, Petherict,' said I. ' Did you think I was a ghost ?' 'Not just that/ he replied, sententiously. *Did you expect me to fall then ?' I inquired. ' Not just that, either,3 said he. The old man was clearly disinclined to talk, and apparently much agitated. I had began to joke him about his lugubrious expression, when the 1 o'clock bell rang, and he shuffled off hastily to another quarter. Though I puzzled a while over the incident, it soon passed so entirely from my mind that I was surprised when, passing Petherick in the af fcer Uoon, intending to go aloft, he said, as I went by : ? Don't do it again, Mr. Frazer !' * What ?' I stopped. ' That !' he retorted. ' Oh 1 You mean running on the wall/ said I. ' I mean going on it at all !' he exclaimed. His earnestness was so marked that I conceived a strong interest in its cause. ' I'll make a bargain with you, Mr. Petherick. If you tell me why you advise me, Fll give the thing up '.* f Done !' said he. ' Come to my cottage this evening, and I'll tell you a strange adventure of my own, though perhaps you'll, only laugh that it's the reason why it sickens me to see you fool ing up there/ Petheriek was ready to talk when Jack and I eat down on hi3 -doorstep that evening, and im mediately launched into the following narra tive : — ' I was born and grew to manhood near the high cliffs of the coast of Cornwall. Millions of eea fowls make their nests along the face of those r*ave-worn precipices. My companions and I used to get much excitement, and sometimes a good deal of pocket money, by taking their egga. One of us, placing his feet in a loop at the end of a rope and taking a good grip with his hands, would be lowered by the others to the nest.* ' When he had his basket full, they'd haul him up, and another would go down. . Well, one ifternoon, I thu3 went dangling pg. They paid jut about a hundred feet of rope before I touched l-,he ledge and let go.' ' What ledge ?' asked Jack. ' Oh/ said Petheriek, after a pause, * I see it trill be troublesome to make you understand the Situation.' Then, after reflecting for some moments : ' You must know that most of the cliffs along that coast overhang the sea. At many points one ;ould drop 600 feet into tbe sea, and then be 40 or 50 feet from the base of the rock he left. The coast 'e scooped under by the waves. But in some places the cliff wall is as though it had been eaten away by seas once running on higher levels. There will bean overhanging coping, then, some 100 feet down, a ledge sticking out farther than that of the top ; under that ledge all srill be scooped away. In places three are three 3r four such ledges, each projecting further than those above. These ledges used to fall away occasionally, as they do yet, I am too old, for the ocean is gradually devouring that coast. Where they did not project farther than the upper coping, one lad would swing like a pen dulum on the rope, and get on the rock, if not too far in, then put a rock on the rope to hold it till his return. When a ledge did project so that one could drop on it, he hauled down some slack, *nd left the rope hanging.' ' Did the wind ever blow it off ?' asked Jack. ? Seldom, and never out of reach/ said the old man. * Well, the ledge I reached was 'like this ' (illustrating with his hand). ' It was some 10ft wide ; it stuck out may be some 6ft farther than the cliff top ; the rock wall went \ip pretty near perpendicular, till near the coping at the g round, but below the ledge the cliff's face was so scooped *way that the sea, 500ft below, ran in under it nigh 50ft.' ' As I went down, thousands of birds rose, from she jagged places of the precipice, circling around1 3ie with harsh screams. Soon touching the ledge, [ stepped from the loop, and drawing down a little jlack, walked off briskly. For fully a quarter of I mile the ledge ran along the cliffs face almost is level and even in width as that sidewalk. I remember fancying that it sloped outward more than usual, but instantly dismissed the notion, though Gaffer Pentreath, the oldest man in that jountry side, used to tell us that we should not get the use of that ledge always. It had been as fteady in our time bs in his grandfather's, and we jnly laughed at his prophecies. Yet the place of pi .old filled fissure was marked by a line of grass, iy tufts of weeds and small -bushes, stretching tlong as far as the ledge itself, and within a foot »r so of the cliff's face.' * * Eggs were not so many as usual, and I went a long piece from my rope before turning back, fhen I noticed the very strange conduct of the kosts of sea-fowls below. Usually there were hundreds, but now there were thousands on the ring, and instead of darting forth in playful notion, they seemed to be wildly excited, scream ing shrilly, rushing out in terror, and returning in masses as though to alight, only to wheel in Iread, and keep the air in vast clouds. ' The weather was beautiful, the sea lite glass. £.t no ffr-*at distance two large brigs, and nearer jk small yacht, lay becalmed, heaving on the long t-illows. I could look down her cabin stairway ilmost, and it seemed scarcely more than a long Bap to her deck. ' Puzzled by the eingnlar conduct of the sea birds, I soon stopped, and set my back against be cliff to rest while watching them. The day ras deadly still and very warm ' I remember taking off my cap and wiping the sweat from jny face and forehead -with py sleeve. While doing this I looked |own involuntarily to tne fissure at my feet! instantly my blood almost froze -with, horror! There was a distinct crack between the inner edge tf the fissure and the hard-packed, root-threaded S-il with which it. was filled. Forcibly I pressed back, and in a flash' looked along the ledge. The Insure was widening , before iny eyes, the rock Seforenie seemed sinking outward, and witn a judder, and a~gsoan, and a roar, the whole long ^ -y ? *«u cmsbine to the sea below! I stood on a margin of Tock scarce a foot wide, at my back - a- perpendicular cliff, and five hundred feet below, : tho ocean, now almost hidden by the vast con- [ course of wheeling and affrighted birds. j * Can you believe that- my first sensation 'was ' one of relief? I stood sate! Even a feeling of: interest held me for., some moments. Almost j cooly I observed a long and mighty wave roll out j from; beneath. It went forth a high, curling j crest; a solid wall of water. It struck the yacht 3tern on, plunged down on her deck, smashed through her swell of sail, and swept her out of sight for ever. ' Kot till then; did my thought dwell entirely on myjQ(wji position ?; not till then did I comprehend its hopelessness ! .Now my eyes closed convul suTfeiy, to shut out the abyss down which mj glance- 'had fallen; shuddering, I pressed har&^agsain at the solid wall at my bacfc; an '? -appalling cold slowly crept through nfei- -flly reason struggled against a wild desire -to leap ; all the demons of despair whispered to me to make an instant end. In imagination I had leaped ! I felt the swooning helplessness of falling, and the cold, upward rush bf:.'jair': ijj Still I pressed hard back against the wall of rock, and, though nearly faint from terror, never iforgot for an instant the death at my feet, nor fehe- utter danger of the slightest motion. How long 'this weakness lasted I know not; I only know that the unspeakable horror of that first period has come to me in waking dreams many and many a day since ; that I have long nights of that deadly fear ; that to think of the past is to stand . again on that narrow foothold, and to look around on the earth is often to cry out with joy that it widens away from my feet.' The old man paused long. Glancing sidewise at Jack, I saw that his face was pallid. I myself had saddered and -grown col-? — so strongly had my imagination realised the awful experience that Petherick described^ ' Suddenly/ said the old man, * these words flashed to my 'brain : 'Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing ? And one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father. Pear not, therefore ; ye are of more valua than many spar rows' My faculties so Btrained, I seemed to hear the words. Indeed, often yet I thiak that I did truly hear a voice utter them very near me. ' Instantly hope arose, consciously desperate in deed ; but I became calm, resourceful, capable, and feeling unaccountably aided. Careful not to look down, I opened my eyes and gazed far away over the bright sea. The rippled billows told that a light outward breeze had sprung up. Slowly, and somewhat more distant, the two brigs moved toward the horizon. Turning my head, I could trace the narrow stone of my looting to where my Tope dangled, perhaps three hundred yards distant, ' It seemed to hang within easy reach of the cliff's face, and instantly I resolved, and as instantly proceeded to work toward it. No time remained for hesitation. Night was coming on. I reasoned that my comrades thought me killed. They had probably gone to view the new condi tion of the precipice from a lower station, and on their return would haul up and carry off the rope. I made a move toward it. Try to think of that journey?' I nodded to him silently. ' Shuffling sideways very carefully, I had not made five yards before I knew that I could not continue to look out over that abyss without glancing down, and that I could not glance down without losing my senses. You have the brick line to keep eyes on as you walk along the factory wall; do you think you could move along it erect, looking down as you would have to ? Yet it is only one hundred feet high. Imagine five more such walls on top of that, and you trying to move sidewise — incapable of closing your eyes, forced to look down,, from end to end, yes, thr»e times farther ! Imagine youVe got to go on or jump off ! Would you not, in an ecstasy of nervous agitation, fall to your knees, get down fECty-first at full length, clutch by your hands, and with shut eyes feel your way ? I longed to lietdown and hold, but of course that was impossible/ ' Still there was a wall at your back/ observed Jack. * That made it worse. The cliff seemed to press outward against me. It did, in fact, incline very slightly outwards. It seemed to be thrusting me off. Oh, the horror of that sensation ! Your toes on the edge of a precipice, and the implacable, calm mountain; apparently ?weighing you slowly forward.* Beads of sweat broke out over his white face at the horror he had called before him. Wiping hie lips nervously with the back of his hand, and looking askant, as at the narrow pathway, he paused long. I saw its cruel edge and the dark gleams of its aDysmal water * I knew/ he resumed, ' that with my back to the wall I could never reach the rope. I could not face toward it and step forward, so narrow was the ledge. Motion was perhaps barely pos sible that way, but the breadth of my shoulders would have forced me to lean somewhat more outward, and this I dared not and could not do. Also, to see a solid surface before me became an irresistible desire. I resolved to try to turn round before resuming the desperate journey. To do this I had to nerve myself for one steady look at my footing. ' In the depth below the myriad sea-fowl then rested on the black water, ?which, though swell ing more with the rising wind, had yet an un broken surface at some little distance from the precipice, while farther out it had begun to jump to white caps, and in beneath me, where I could not.see, it dashed and churned with a faint, per vading roar that I could barely distinguish. Be fore the descending sun a heavy bank of clouds had arisen. The ocean's surface bore that ap pearance of intense and angry gloom that often heralds & storm, but, save the deep murmur going out from below my perch, all to my hearing wa3 deadly stilL 'Cautiously I swung my right foot before the other and carefully edged round. For an instant, as my shoulder rubbed against the rock, I felt that I must falL I did stagger, in fact, but the next moment stood firm, face to the beetling cliff, my heels on the very edge, and the new sen sation of the abyss behind me no less horrible than, that from which I had with such difficulty es caped. I stood quaking. A ' delirious horror thrilled every nerve. The skin about my ears and neck, suddenly cold, shrank conclusively. *Wild with fear, I thrust forward my head against the rock and rested in agony. A whir and wind of sudden wings made me conscious of outward things again. Then a mad eagerness to climb swept away other feelings, and my hands attempted in vain to clutch the rock. Not da,riTig to cast my head backward, I drew it tortoise-like between my raised shoulders and chin against the precipice., and gazed upward with straining of vision from under my eyebrows. ' Far above, the dead wall stretched. Sidewise glances gave me glimpses of the projecting summit coping. There was no fear in that direc tion. But the distraction of scanning the cliff side had given my strained nerves some relief ; to my memory, again -returned' the promise of the Almighty, and the consciousness of His regard. Once more my muscles became firm-strung. * A cautious step sidewise made me know how much I had gained in ease and security of motion by the change of front. I made progress that seemed almost rapid for some rods, and even had exultation in my quick approach to the rope. Hence came freedom to think how I should act on reaching it, and speculation as to how soon my comrades -wonl! haul me up. ' Then the idea Tushed through me that they might .even yet draw, it away too soon 3 that while almost in my clutch it might rise from my hands. Instanty all tie terrors .of my position returned with tenfold force; an. outward thrust of the precipice seemed to grow distinct, my trembling hands told me that it moved bodily toward me, the descent behind me took an unspeakable remoteness, and from the -jitmost depth of that sheer air seeded to ascend steadily a deadly and a chilling wind. But I think. I did not etopfor an instant. Instead, a delirmm to move faster possessed me, and with quick, sidelong steps— my following foot striking .hard against that before— sometimes on the point of stumbling', stretched; oat like, the crucified, I pressed m mortal terror along. . ? * Every possible accident and delay were pre sented to my excited brain. What if the lodge should narrow suddenly to nothing ?. ^ifow. I be lieved that my heels were unsupported in air, and I moved along on tip-toe. 3Sow I was convinced that the narrow pathway sloped outward. 4h»* this slope had become so distinct, so increasingly distinct, that I might at any moment slip off into the void. But dominating every consideration of possible disaster, was still that of the need for speed, and distinct amid all other terrors wae that sensation of the dead wall ever silently and inexorably pressing me outward. ' My mouth and throat were choked with dry ness, my convulsive lips parched and arid ; much I longed to press them against the cold, moist stone. But I never stopped. Faster, faster — more wildly I stepped — in a delirium I pushed along. Then suddenly before my staring -eyes was a well-remembered edge of mossy stone, and I knew that the rope should be directly behind me. Was it ? * I glanced over my left shoulder. The rope was not to be seen ! Wildly I looked over the other. No rope ! Almighty God ! -* But what ! Yes, it moves ! — it sways in sight ! — it disappears — to return again to view ! There was the rope directly at my back, swinging in the now strong breeze with a motion that had carried it away from my first hurried glances. With the relief tears pressed to my eyes, and — face bowed to -the precipice, almost forgetful for a little time of the hungry air beneath — I offered deep thanks to my God for the delivery that seemed so near.* The old man's lips continued to move, but no sound came from them. We waited silent, while, with closed eyes and bent head he remained ab sorbed in the recollection of that strange minute of devoutness. * I stood there/ he said at last. * for what now seems a space of hours, perhaps half a minute in reality. Then all the chances still to be run crowded upon me. To turn around had been an attempt almost desperate before, and certainly, most certainly, the ledge was .no wider where I now stood. Was therope within reach? Ifeared not. Would it sway toward me. I could hope for that. ? But could I grasp it should 1 be saved P Would it not yield ? to my hand — coming slowly down as I pulled, unrolling from a coil above, trailing over the ground at the top, running fast as its end approached the edge, falling suddenly at last ? Or was it fastened to the accustomed stake ? Was any comrade near who would sum mon aid at my signal ? If not, and if I grasped it, and if it held, how long should I swing in the wind that now bore the freshness and tremors of an imminent gale ? 'Now again fear took hold on me, and, as a des perate man, I prepared to turn my face once more to the vast expanse of water and nothing beyond that awful cliff. Closing my eyes, I writhed, with I know not what motions, easily, around, till again my back pressed against the precipice. That was a restful sensation. And now for the decision of my fate. I looked at the rope. Not for a moment could I fancy it within my reach ! Its swayings were not, as I had espected- even slightly inward ; but when falling back against the wind, it swung outward, as though the air was eddying from the wall. ' Now I gazed down steadily. Would a leap be certain death ? The water was of immence depth below. But what chance of striking it — feet or head first? What chance of preserving con sciousness in the decent ? No, the leap would be de ath ; that at least was clear, Again I turned to the rope. I was now per fectly desperate, but steady, nerved beyond the best moments of my life, good for an effort — good for an effort surpassing the human. Still the ropa swayed as before, and its motion was very regular. I saw that I could touch it at any point of its gyrations by a stronsr leap. ' But could I grasp it ? What use if it were not tlrmly secured above ? But all this time for hesitation had gone by. I knew too well that strength was mine but for a moment, and that in the next reaction of weakness 1 should drop from the wall like a dead fly. Bracing- myself I watched the rope steadily for one round, and as it returned against the wind, jumped straight out over the heaving1 Atlantic 'By God's aid I reached, touched, clutched, held the strong line. And it held ! Not abso lutely. Once, twice, and again it gave — gave with jerks that tried my armB. I knew these indicated but lightening. Then it. held Jinn, and I swung, turning in the air, Becure above the waves that beat below.* ' To slide down and place my feet in the loop was the instinctive work of a moment. Fortu nately it was of dimensions to admit my body barely. I slipped it over my thighs up to my armpits just as the dreaded reaction of weakness came. Then I lost consciousness. ? When I awakened my dear mother's face was beside my pillow, and she fold me that I had been tossing for a fortnight in brain fever. Many week I lay there, and when 1 got strong I found that I had left my nerve on that awful cliff-side. Never since have I been able to look from a height or see any other human being on one without shuddering. ' So now you know the story, Mr. Frazer, and have. had your last walk on the factory walL* He spoke truer than he knew. His story has given me such horrible nightmares ever since, that I could no more walk on the high brickwork than along that narrow ledge in distant Corn wall. #Coktagion IK KJssKS. — Contagion, it is eaid, may be spread by all kinds of persons trigging tha Bible inoui conrta. Bitspbomthh Tax.vud.-~ Lifeis apassinKskadow says the Sqriptnra. Ib it the shadow of a tower — of a tree? A shadow whioh prevails for a whiie ? No, it is the shadow of a bird in big flight ; away flies the bird, and there is neither bird nor a shadow. — Men should be earefnl lest they cause women to weep, for God counts their tears.— Thy friend has a friend, and thy friend's friend haa a friend; be discreet. As EifOBMOTJB Eaa.— A correspondent of the Lon don Trass iuririishes that journal with a description of an extraordinary egg laid by a pullet. It waa of an enormous size, measuring 9|in round its length, and weighing- 6oz. It was cooked, and on being opened it was found to contain a yolk and white, as well as another egg of ordinary size, with yolk, white, and shell, ail perfect. An 'Insane' Psibonxb. — The sheriff of Cass County, Missouri, started to take an insane prisoner to friends in New York the other day, bnt at Tolono, I1L, the prisoner took advantage of the sheriff's drowsy condition to rob him of his watch and 65dole. in money, and make his escape from the train. This act will probably re-establish the prisoner's sanity in the opinion of Missonrians, to say nothing of the re spect and admiration it will provoke. India, at South Kensington. — A large number of maharajahs tnd rajahs will attend the Indian and Colonial Exhibition in London this summer. They will be accompanied by their ladies and native suites. Durbars, with all the gay and gorgeous trappings of tbe EaBt, are to be held in the grounds, in order to familiarise English people with one of the most interesting phases of princely life in India. A Ghastlt Discovery.— A box, unaddresBed, was taken from a carriage op & train from Bristol and the West of England at Derby Station lately, »nd on being opened was found to contain the body of a female child, ui an advanced state of decom position. The child appeared to be between two and three years old, and from the fact that the sknll was fractured, and that there were a number of brni868 on the left side of the head, there is no doabt the case was one of murder. Thh Sin of Dancing.- The Tioar of Wheelook, in Cheshire, is no doabt a. worthy man, bnt he is a trifle antiquated in Mb notions. Some of the mem bers of- his choir, it seems, recently bo far forgot themselves as to join a, dancing class. When tbey came to church on the following Snnday, apparently unconscious of the full depth of their iniquity, they received summary orders to quit their placet in the choir. ' . . ? A CIiBBtcai. Fakut,— The following paragraph records a very notable feet. Tie Eev. Enperfc Coohrane, rector, of Langton, Lincolnshire, has Just completed the 133rd year of his family's «emoa to the church. For time generations, without ihe break of a year, this service has been going on. Mr. Coohrane'e grandfather gave 43 years of his life to the work, his father 56 years, and he himself 34 years* English t. Axiibicax LocKs.-»-Ainerio*ti lock, makers will hare to look out, for, according to Invention, thanks to the introduction of. machinery in tli» English lock trade, and to other methods ctf improvement, American competition is rapidly lie. coming of/ leas account, and now it has b»sn wter mined by English makers to turn the tables upon the AmetioaxiB and -rommence a vigorous competition with them in the Australian colonies, India and China. It appeaMXhat the Americans have ohtadaed a ?tronghold in those markets with 'm rim (door) lock, whioh has a cast-iron case bearing ornamental designs, ana which has the ssSvantage of posseseirj, . reversible bolt. . JFhe interaaj, parts of &WliMfc;'££' made to template. It is now «aid Wklmrf WUlenhall lock mann&jtarera; has rejjatwa to make looks of an oxflctly eimiSr class, 4»d to offer them in krge quantities in the wfcfti referred. t&T; 4 *? 