OUBY. A TRUE DRAMA OF LIFE. Zw IM= Act'?. Author of "Terror-stricken," "The Ebony "okn th?rb?k parlor of 'ausburban hotel gore Womantly elebrd, or nothearo-tae it " Only a iWbinais^1ii Dift;d Aiih'der," &c.;, 1 which way yo U will-norso 'uch for the ýi rfllenc of the ..i"nds placed for dipo.al 'IITem trsfa-The prime vialrn-The'dupe OzThiebsirj' -T hs agedy.' ;:; '' ' ·." 'rIn"thh'book parlor of a 'sohrbha hotel moorejuatly celebrated; or notorious- tals it 1 which way you will-onot'so much for the I exiellence of the viinds placed for disposal of mian and beast by the generous landlord; I as the convenience it affords to the'public as a house of call when all respectable 'places I of 'business are closed, eat' Humphrey 1 Daniels and the man Ward.. , ,? 1' They were'commenting upon the state of their finance generally. . "'The' latter looked particnlarly dull,nd id was seated with his elbows on the table;and his chin in his hands, staring gloomily at acancy.' ' :'' - `..1 i.. ; I ' He'wie larticularly low' at'the present I ti~le, and in debt. ? . ' ."r i "Neither appeared to' be in thebest of spitit,. andtWard had beentauntingDaniels i with the part he had taken over the affairat 'Mordialloc. ; a? r ,.? "You gave me ten pounds," he was eay. ing, "to do that'dirty job; and I wish to God "I had never: been in it. " Yon promised me' rhi more and I never gotit." '"'. ,; r: :" "Well, 'you shall hate it. :ani alittle low just now-=".. " ' - :" You always are."... "Not so. I have money now and' again, '~a'd when I have it I spend it. " "Well, I' wish I never had beenh in' that I job." ' : . .. . . : " Someone had to do it; and you were the Only nian I could trust," "" Why didn't you do the dirty work'your- I self V.` "The'reason is self evident" "I know. You were afraid." " VWell, perhaps I was." " Why didn't you let the girl alone alto. gether, or keep her when'you had her !' : 't" Well, I might have kept her, certainly, 'but abe got to be a drig on me.: And my 'ieshran out. ' had to go.' She will get over it, never fear. They all lo."''' ' S"I don't know. She huas been ill ever since,' and that is two months." 1 :' :" What place is she'stopping at ?'. "At a' house in Bouverie street. A're. lative, I believe. They are lookingafter'her there all right.-" - - e" Well, she can. comemround, and I'll see to her when I g 'et o io e money;" " Yes, with a hook." :. . "No,' Ward. I mean it. ' If 'I can only raise the wind now, I am determined to let her have a handsome thing out of it. ' You see I lost heavily 'over the Cap meeting, or lIin: tended to 'do well by' her then.' If I had money I could let you have a little too.": "I want' a'lot' at present, 'considerably more than I can 'see my way to raise, I can tell you." - ' ' "Well, I can't think of anything. There is De Case ; I suppose he will do something for the girl if we don't." " I don't think so.- He is going away, al though I know he has money." "1 believe he has." - "Yes, I know it. He' has over five hin. dred pounds in the house 'at the'- present time." 1 z,. "Five hundred pounds a "What ins the name of God is he' doing' with'"all that money!" , S"He is going to take it:away to-morrow morning, to payiome nien at' a mi?e, some where, who have struckwork for their wages. They were -paid in chequedi by the former shareholders of the company, and the new lot are goitgn toliay ?ipth wages in cash." '"The company bunt up,, da't it v" "Yea. I tan clerk therelou know, De Casse lost prett'stiffly oi'erit, but managed to form a new?company, aid they have lots of sugar. They,, are paying up in cash as a guarantee of good faith. ..".. , " Hos+do you know he has the monj'in the bhose?". . "My sister is honsekeep'in ther. yon know, and she told me to-night. I. wish I had nomeofit2 Ifeltasif I could pitclimy. "That's beciane you have ben drinking." SOhi,' that girl Ruby, Tremere hauints me like a ghost. If I could inly.help herI would not care so much.'' ' " Well, De Casss' ought to broughto a lenie of his duty', in my opinion." , .. "What for What is she to him nos?^" " Well he promised-for I heard him that no matter what hbappened, if he'could ever do well by her he h ould. .. "Well, he'can do it now. I would.ifI could,. God. knows." .,,., ; t r.,+ -.'. "i "Just no. ,.And, all were in your place I'would-well, I would pay It.*,',~ ", ' "How?the devil m I.to pay, it?"'! . r+ " By 'making him yor creditor first and telling himafterward"s. ' ,. ,?,, " "" Ward looked at himfixedly.,.. i?r.Daniels put his hands in his pockets and whistled a few bars of a popular air. .'!A mere, item to a rich man~', he added, without looking at the, other.. 'EHe might lose as mch .in a speclatin, and then he wonild pitit down toithe profit and los ac count.".. . "Bnt itwoaldme;aa.robbecy.',. .. '"A great:many things do mean robbery, my dear fellow, but we find.other, words for them. "You run into'debt without means or intention. of. paying., What, is that, but robbery? ..You pay a jeweller forty.pounds for arisgnot worthy twenty;t surely he is to all intents and purposes .a thief? No man, in my opinion, ever made moreothan five per cent..by.boneat trading, and De Casse must have made more. Upon my word, my boy, when we come to think of it, we would be doing a righteos thing.. How much did yon ay !' .. , Five hindred pounds in an old'desk in " And they soay temptation is aecrime." ",ou, tlk of it as if you were nused to Ili ned to mo"t thing. Ia alhway bi alert for chances . You an't put off evil day 'much: longer, my boy, You hiw you stand." ,re was adead silencefor afew minu?e, which Hllumphrey amused himself atl 's, and the other stiared fixedly at the .worst s all very well, he said,? i'a despairing tone, but ltow is it 'a;+ tted .Not two ;minutes .ha aice the wretched man had aid he 'oa enonugh it do the thing pro i Into Ward's hand ani D .ejonto see whether he was '-P oke,;and he was. CO okei will ef Dai el4 4- 8 ~teat and the pat th e? n ei1t ,: !.: : .; \- pied by yjakwyt h os • &so;, cand entered 'the The house wu app y empty. la They knocked softly at the inside of the at door to make certain. stood at the foot of the stairs. o "Now, Ward," whispered Daniels, "the ra Jats ? ithk m . Up,; boy asquickl ? th you can. They are out, and before they re- at turn we will bef.:fe o tBHe' led, the way, two stairs at a time, ra treading softly, and on tip-toe. -Ward fol. nt lowed, mechanically. He tried the door of w the bed-room of D Oasse. It opened easily. so They closed it and stood inside.: . "Now," said Daniels, .a light." a" Ward fetched.a' candle from the looking glass, and.they,eclosed the door and went to ho the desk ? ..,i s r,, - . . .w: ; , .' Daniels inaserted'.first the,blade and then or the handle of a strong knife nnderthe lid.;, nTo 'Ityielde'd"'ith'a eoniid'that"made .Ward's heart leap, and he trembledifrei' bhead to hi "£l00." Each were.found, at once, and th Daniels' qnickeyo 'deteted a'leather lcase, cc which he pushei:under some papers. . d A coupleof 'huiidid'popndionly " he Iii said, in ia dijippinted tone. I t " I uppolse he has the rest with bhimi.' But we have no time tiiosaeriondw-Hereiltake one" aidpit ad it in your pocket. Hark I What was'that?" th They listened. No'ioundildisturbed the Io stillness: -'-. vi -,; rud j WA ho "There might bee. more'" continued in Danieli, pretendingto search.;:" But I'don't go see- Hush I --lheard something Ic Clo?o the " door! put out rthilight I slip quietly down- m' stairs, and if anyoneshas?coine in wait your oa chance below,.and.then.go.into.the kitchen of and knock for your sister." . "" w "And you ?' l 6 i .oW " Wr "K eep her engaged in a, conversationfor a few?ffinutes, and 'll lgetiut of the window he "and'oer the.bick' .fec:, 'MDet.me in half fe "an hourit 'mldgiog. : Quick, noWr.", i ,Waird obeyed tremblingly. 'i,.-, ?, .,;, a There was a sound below.aa of persons rising hurriedlyi to their. feet, and-he next oh nofment't edoor, opened, andithe figuresof di two ien stood in thd.HalL, .. .-,j ."Whose there!" called.out a deep voice. of Ward almiost swooned in the excess of his in fright.,... , . . . ". "Fetch'alight I" called the voice again. ! There are thieves in the house 1,' :.. A ,litile, athleicn ;figure bounded .up, the taire, crandle i' hand, closely, followoed.by,a oand, land before the prostrate man could T akii his 'eit from the landing he wasseired by the throat and lay on his back, pinned to the ground under the knee of Cecil De Case. Ii " Who have .we here," he asked,. coolly hi enough. "Let's have a look, Barnes.", , i The other held the light to the featureasof ho ;"Var;d, byiGod I'`, he exclaimed r.-And c thent, as liaeye.caught the bag of gold which it had fallen from the wretched man's pocket, ei he picked it up. "' Look, Barnesa. Look here. w This dog weuld rob me." p? " Yes,' said the other, 'it is true. But i he. may, not be alone., Take; the light and at look in the bed-room I" .; Cecil obeyed. . He threw his weightagainst the door, and ai it yielded with a crash, .: . ,.le fell headloiig into the room. :s he rose to his feet a figure, that of Humphrey Daniels, rashed forward and at tempted to pass. Cecil seized him. 'a On the landing he whom Cecil had called Barnes knelt, holding the prostrate figure of Ward with one hand, and with the' other he held a heavy glass decanter ready to strike if hemovred.... : ... : :.i:. It was an exciting moment...,., '..l, . . ,.Both men felt the position keenly.:. ". it i,?hIsidethe room the sounds of a fearful tar?glowereheard. i .-: . 1 : C s ' eyonu ! let me go,!s aid thedvolce of ft e.. `.Never! yoa thief ; give up my property." " Let me gel .or e1'l take your life !' : They struggled'again, then the room :wax n illuminated w,th a brilliant flash of light, and a the deafenin crash'bfireieler report rang Barnes farly shook with extlement, and 1i was half iinclined'tolet his prisone&go.; ' But the continued soutnds'f the st'rggle going'on' inside the rooin"'ihbred thatthe b ahot had not takei ffect. ' ''"' " Letame go !" The ?ice w°s hoarse now, and the speaker panted with'tlie oeirtioi he b nunderwent. . Round and gund theroom th.y went; sometimes agansit'ooned? iitI of furniture and-then against another. ",:m; i:riv I " I 'Then! ame :the:blindioknflish'df slight; again followed by thereport-of theinistol; as the second chamber- of rthe rdiolver" vad discharged. ".?ia"viJy Then aie ea shriek of idnong rau,"a'd vy fall ,o rir l.1, "r:~:aril e: lei .: :1 . ,r Barnes could stand it no lisger.'" ar, ,"ih iReleasiog his'iprisonei, h'e ruehid'int:ihe r room,.overturning 'theeasndli i''tibhri itxcs ' ment. c----- i I rA :letna vs .•iHe:,fell'otei the :docsiagainst biioef' the men inside. "n,3:i:rtm n?.o r "-" Stop:I atop,!"3-cilled the bther?' i?eich a lightvl Don'rlet ionr min'go; fidrHeaFven' sakesltrIt's me'-De Came lr'' I,"r' i ,? - itiha'taouinfi- of heavy fodtateps weirlie?iad below, and a couple of policemen rished iin: to the honseinttimeltolseureVWard, who was a endeavorfngl)mtoIaka1his ?¶ayout"heuhe j : Thelights:of theirlimntrns warefiealied I pon the sceene< : . m":! ' :.;" , ",1 ,'" ,~ t' lt'was one whichnbone fthi3ifooriigotid ':The roone was im a stat ddf'theintmot dia* i order. The furnitnre wassailied and .ov; r turned- in all diiections. The atmosphere t was thici?with mnioke ... . ,Ohiithe'flonr' lay the prostrate -figure of a man, his face horribly blackened andecorched with the powder fromn the muzzle bf the re volver, and the top of his:head'half torn a away by the bullet. - ~: It was BoHumphrey Daniels. ". In -the striuggle.'whilst endeavorii.'dfo shoot Cecil, the muzzle of his pistolhad.been turned against himself, and had bee n cic- . denitilly discharged with fatal reanlt'. The constables raised him and carried.t body froin the room. As they" did so, Ward nteppedcforward glared' horribly at the actors of theti'thdy~y put his hands to his head, bust iiito a fite maniscal laughter, 'and :fell forward'onhi i face. is They lifted him up from a polpolf l'o which gushed from his month'ahaiod' aind Drink, terror, and the teriihle'eeahe had gone through had done theirworkai he had burst a blood:ieasel. , .., And an hour afterwards he breathed his last. ,. -n , ,,J ] scnx :xr.'' :, ' She Hospital nurse-Peaceaf last., - - i 'Ivyberry cottage in Carltoi was a'n angly a furnished little house as we would ieaddy find'Ihi alongday's walk' around the northern suburbs. The rooms were faurnimhed with a costly taste which bordered upon extyavagance,? and yet was whoblly in keeping With the per. feet summer:days of harmony and love which reigned supreme. Upon two easy chairs in -the verandah which opens upon a small flower garden sat i Ruby and Cecil De Casse. ' .:rime had wrought its changes upon them both. He wasrRave pr'etenerflwith a nettled calm upon his face which spoke of a mind a cue mnd h constitution .noimpairtdeby.the tiislo of lifrte he d undergoiie:'."".,"., She was carln and thinghtual p'ail,eI d face with a ft f look in the depths of the large clear eyes w1hiohtold its tale of great s sufferings she had undergone in days passed. They had been married four months. For weeks after that terrible time of her o Iý 'rh*tii -iyHunipibrey Daniels, at Mordial~ loco-shsr had laid upon ,a bedof sickness, a racked rith tortfute of mindand body which in threatened.her life in the acuteness of their sting. . But she had recovered slowly at first, then rapidly; and, realising that her destroyer was no more, had gone forth into the world again with the fall determination to live down her el sufferings" and her cares with a courae and a determination worthy of a stronger- liody and'mihd than her own.: -. - " o She had met her former lover soon after her-recovery: : , ' - -' " 'By elow degrees their old intimacy had in creased :and the old feelings had obtained conrplete e ay over them both: '-.?; ,; ? > i a ' He.had asked her second time to'gladden his life with ,her bright preseniceiand in the y forgetfdlaess ofithe :pate by the absorption of all else in the love they bore for each other, t they' passed fromtthe cares of .thetime that ti now to'them'both seemed ;like:~a hideous dream nintol a quiet settled determination:to r liv hbut for the future.' " " ' l!Arnd they had succeeded; IThi'P girl 'Jolia Bbtler. who 'soa nearly c averted the enfferings of Daniels"victim and the tragedy which' ehortly 'alterwardes folb i lowed::hi hbabb desertion of;RubyTremaire, ii had received a terrible lesson from the eventa inewhich she had'taken a part and had under- j gonesacom?plete change. ,: : h 'She ~soughtfor and obtained'.'s appoint- h meoit a'?nurse :in the: Melbouine Hospital; anid by herpatient watchfulness and her care of the sick had earned for herself a name of which 'nianyi might be' pioud and not a few were' fivioos. , 'In" the'better life which had dawned upon b hir" with 'thc?resolution to do good for her f, fellowbrridtires;she showedthatthereis, even b fdorthb" lowest' of nus'all,'a chance of repent. a ance offered if'we'but avail'ourselves of the p mierciii Cof la Providence :which;'though' it i hapes"our en's in' a degree, will, when we f, Sheterminii to'walk' through the pathsaof ree; titude, uphold' is in the spirit with a peace of the'eoul'which is beyond the uniderstand ing of those"who Walk in the paths of the world forivorldly motives alone. t * *KJ, ; ]( ,-TH.E ENDc] 