MISCELLANEOUS. The Hon. M. Salmon, who is still at Port Victor, has slightly improved in health. There are about 280 men employed at the Beetaloo waterworks. The mail steamer Austral .takes to Eng land 35,000 oz. of silver from Silverton. During the receut cricket match on the -* Adelaide Oval three of the cricketers had 1 valuables stolen from the dressing-room. Over 800 olive trees in the Adelaide Cor poration plantations nave yieiueu mis season 16 tons of berries. Manchester eays : — ' Blot England out of the world's map, and you blot out of it the secure basis of human liberty.' In New Zealand on the 22nd inst. two young children were locked up in a house by themselves. The building caught fire, and both were burnt to death. During the week ending Saturday, March 20, the number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea was 358, while 637 left the Port during the same period. Mies Mary Goortz, of Baker's Flat, near Kapunda, was lighting a fire the other night, when she fell into the flames, and was so severely burnt that there is little hope of her recovery. A large number of the Peninsula unem ployed waited on the Mayor of Kadina on Tuesday last and asked for either food or work. Many of them are reduced to strait ened circumstances. Regarding the diminution in the number of vines in France from phylloxera not causing any reduction in the quantity of wine and brandy exported, it is reported that genuine brandy is becoming exceed ingly rare, even in France. The first weeping willow in England was planted by Pope, the poet. Having re ceived a present of some figs from Turkey, and observing a twig in the basket ready to bud, he planted it in his garden, and it soon became a fine tree. It is said that from this stalk all the weeping willows in Eng land and America originated. Foreign newspapers, commenting on the late London riots, express the opinion that the Socialists haye gained a much stronger footing in Great Britain than was suspected. The riat appears to have caused a good deal of alarm in several parts of Europe, and it has been eaid that property nowhere is secure, owing to the advance made by these universal levellers. The eleven-year-old Hereford bull, The Grove 3rd, 5051, a son of Horace, has changed hands in America for, it is said, £1,400. He was purchased by Mr. Culbert son at Mr. Turner's sale at the Leon for £830, and he has now been acquired by Mr. Adams Earl, La Fayette, Indiana, an enthusiastic supporter of the Hereford breed. On Tuesday evening, March 23, a curious case of poisoning took place at Bordertown. A painter who had been working in the house of Mr. F. R. Oliver, left some arsenic mixed with flour on the table. Mrs. Oliver mixed it for pancakes, and two of her children who had partaken of the meal suc cumbed to the poison, and two other persons have Eince died. The family of Mr. Gladstone, snjs an English paper, is an exceedingly happy one, and this arises in a large measure from the fact that each one has chosen his or her own mate without interference on the part of either the present Premier or his wife. If this were the case in many other families there would be less work for the Divorce Court. Referring to the recent match between Victoria and South Australia, a writer in the Leader thus speaks of George GifFen : — ' Beyond doubt the most noticeable feature in the match, and the principal factor in the success of South Australia, wae the superb aii-round play of Adelaide's undisputed champion, George Giffeu, who fairly ex celled 'himself, and wound up the season for his colony in a manner eminently worthy of his world-wide reputation. In addition to making 20 aud 82 he is credits i with the remarkable record of securing 17 Wickets out of the Id (Uaf fell (Black ham being run out) at an average cost of less than 12 ruus, and as the Victorian t-:i;i!s were 1S7 and 219 the merit of this [krhiniiauce is self evident.' I'ruftjssor *-'ustauc9 is of opinion that ' l-y daep cuhivuii.ni — tbut is, deeply etir riii^r the laud witli the cultivator — the use of tij.o drill im.i iiuselnH-, keeping the land free fr-uu wee is, the pr per application of ciieiip manures (swell .-is uiinoral phosphates), the growth of ruui aud fodder crops, laud can be cropped continually ; iu fact, can be kept in belter condition than by merely allowing the land to be uncultivated for a time, weeds flourishing, and tho subsoil to a great extent deprived of the beneficial action of rain and air. Improvements iu farming must be effected not by auy one particular remedy, but by a combination of things, each assisting in bringing about the much-desired end of obtaining greater pro duce and greater profit from a ;riveu area of laud.' The most noteworthy picture in the present distress is that it appears to be shared by all the world ; and a writer in the Temps undertakes to explain to the shopkeeper of Paris how it is that times are so hard with him. The reason, he says, is because London has been transformed by the improvements of the last few years, and there is no longer auy motive why strangers should want to go to the French capital. Even iu the art of dressing a chop window, the Londoner now rivals the Parisian. The theatres there are 'more numerous, often more elegant, and almost invariably cheaper' The best French operas are now performed in Loudon. Iu art, Loudou does not lag behind ; the British Museum, is in some respects unrivalled, and South Kensington is ' simply the first museum of industrial art in the world.' Nay, the writer even minus mat juonaon tails very little snort ot Paris in cafe's and restaurants. It would thus appear that if England is in trouble, it is not for lack of progress in elegance or refinement. The Kubae, who inhabit a portion of the island of Sumatra, are a peculiar type of beings gravitating between the man and the animal. Their special pecu liarity is shyness. They are too ehy to mix with the other races of the island, aud dwell iu the recesses of the forest. They are looked on as inferiors by the Malays, aud thought to be little better than beasts. Such is their shyness that they will never willingly face a stranger. Their trade with the Malayaus is consequently carried on in a strange manner. Tiie trader announces his arrival by beating a gong, and then retires from the place of rendezvous. The Kubas approach, put their forest treasures on the ground, beat a gong, aud retreat. The trader returns and lays his commodities down iu quantities sufficient, as he thinks, for the purchase of the goods on sale. Then he retires, aud the Kubas reappear egain aud consider the bargain. Aud eo, after more withdrawals and approaches and goug beat ings, the respective parlies come to an un derstanding and carry off independently their bargains. The Kubas in their wild state do not bury their dead. They live on suakes, grubs, fruits, aud the flesh of an) deer or pige lhat they can slay. They are skilful spearmen, and throw stones with marvellous accuracy. They know of no stale after death. In some physical aspects they assimilate closely to the anthropoid apes. The Bulletin puts it thus : — As we pre dicted, Dr. Laura Morgan, the ' fair, pleas ing, and exceedingly refiued aud intelligent' Melbourne practitioner, is doing a roaring trade, and there never was a time eince the Cabbage Garden was first planted when there were more men on the eick-liet than there is at present. The queerest part of the affair i6 that the bulk of the male in vauas over mere seem 10 nave suauemy lost all faith in the doctors of their own sex, to be fully persuaded that no one but the lovely Laura can snatch them from the grave. Tiie most popular complaint, how ever, is the toothache, and we have it on the authority of a very respectable old church elder that when Dr. Laura puts her alabaster arm round the neck of a patient and caresses his jaw for the offending tooth, the sensa tion is something akin to that of going up to heaven between two rows of hot pancakes, while all the little angels stand on top and pour honey down your spine. One young man, in the postal department, has had all his natural and two sets of false hauled out out already, and he is now trying to per suade the fair daughter of Æsculapius to pull out the teeth of his father's saw. He wants Dr. Laura to do the tugging while he holds the saw and sings ' Star of My Soul,' and talks about his great expectations. A correspondent writing to one of the Melbourne papers puts the question of irrigation in a new and somewhat surpris ing light. He eays, in effect, that the fertile three-fourths of the colony are not likely to submit to be taxed to make the other and arid fourth blossom like the rose. Also, that the present Premier — Duncan Gillies — would not be so enchanted with the irrigatiou schemes of Deakin only that he (the Premier) happens to be ' member for the dry area known as Rodney.' Further, that if this species of taxation of the icany for the good of the few meets with the approval of Parliament it should be adopted all round, and then 'the selectors of Gippsland will have their scrub cleared at the public cost, the dwellers on poor land their soil manured ditto, the ' topers' their liquor without duty ditto, the ' teetotallers' their bohea and mocha ditto' — and bo on. There is more in this than meets the eye. But the correspondent gives himself away in his concluding sentence. He says that if these things come to pass he will not object as he ' will necessarily join some of the coteries to be blessed so hugely and cheaply.' It does not require a ghost from the other world to guess what oue he will join. It will not, we are free to bet, be the one that yearns for untaxed bohea and mocha. He evidently sees n-* further use for water than to mix it with something stronger. — Bulle- tin. A deed of blood committed at Portetnpe docle, gives an illustration of the use of the knife in the island of Sicily. Two butchers, tamer ana eon, or tue name or maeucato, who kept a ehop in the town, not long eince took two brothers named Alfonso aud Giovanni Canuetoni into partnership, to enable them the better to compete with a rival establishment. At first there was a great show of friendship between the pnrtners, but bt:f--ro long the Cnu nelonis bepan to trade in lambs'' car casses separately on their own nccount, and disagreements arose, which ultimately lt?d to a collision between Baldassnre Indeiicato aixl Alfonso Cannetoni. They drew their butcher's knires from their belts on each other. Alfonso niiued a well-directed blow nt I$alda6sare. lie jiarried it with his left arm, which was cut to iho bone, and at the same instant drove his knife iuto the heart of Alfonso, who fell dead on the spot. At that moment a joung son of Alfonso, a^eJ 19, came up with a bludgeon to his fathei'd assistance. Baldassare struck him to the ground, and then cut his throat across, sa he would have slaughtered a sheep. Mad with rage, Baldassare then rushed into the shop, and taking Giovanni, the brother of Alfouso, by surprise, killed him with a ^laeh across the abdomen before he had even time to cry ' God help me !' Turning then to leave the shop, he inflicted a serious wound on a person just entering. All this oc curred within the space of four iniuutes, the result of the collision being three per sons killed and two wounded. The Glasgow Weekly Mail writes in the following outspoken way of a magistrate in that town who has a propensity for infiict iug the brutal aud degrading punishment of the laeh for small offences : — ' At the Central Police Court on January 22 Stipendiary Gemtnei sentenced John Strain, aged 15 years, to be taken to Duke street to receive 20 lashes with the leather tawse for stealing a knife and fork from tiie premises of Lockhnrt, Smith, & Co. in the Trongate. Iu the meantime we briefly call attention to the attempt of the stipendiary to ignore the instructions of the late Lord-Advocate, which made the gaol an optional place. No magistrate can have the true interests of lads of tender years at heart as a rule, guilty of trivial offences such as this one, in sending them to gaol iu the police van among criminals when provision has wisely been made for it being done in the Police Court and the lad released instantei: The gaol forms no part of a punishment that is solely and entirely corporeal. We warn the stipendiary, as we have done before, of this hurtful mode of treating young lads. We ask the Town Council to consider the matter. The gaol brand has been placed upon Strain by this seutence of the stipendiary. Should the stipendiary persist in sending lads of tender years to gaol we have little hesitation in saying public opinion will bear him down.' If the editor of the Mail resided in New South Wales he would be punished for contempt of court. At the Leighton County Court the other day a case of some interest was brought forward. A man named Christopher Daniels, a dealer iu secondhand furniture, living at Newport Pagnell, bought by public auction an old chest, belonging to the late Sir Richard Gilpin, who was for many years one of the members of Parliament for Bedfordshire. The box was strongly bound in iron, end defied all the efforts of the auctioneer nnrJ Jiifl aRRifltnntE to onen it. Daniels asserts that the auctioneer in sell ing the trunk jocularly mentioned that there might be a fortune buried in the chest. When Daniels got home he had the box forced open by a blacksmith, and it was then found to contain a number of ancient deeds and a quantity of silver aud plated goods. Daniels made no secret of his find, and the representatives of the iate Sir Richard Eoon demanded its restitution to themselves. The question of ownership was fought out in the Court in December, and decided against Daniels, though his Honor recommended that he should be given a handsome present. Instead of re ceiving any solatium of this sort, Daniels finds that he has been taxed with the plain tiff's costs, amounting to £19 10s, besides his own legal expenses. These facts having been mentioned in Court, his Honor said he had not intended that the defendant to the action should be mulcted in any costs whatever, and if he could have altered the record he would have done so. It is stated by the Scientific American that a number of the operators in the chief office of the Western Union Telegraph Company, New York, are graduates in medicine or medical students, who are thus working their way through college. Oc casionally they have an opportunity to use their knowledge to good advantage. It re cently happened that one of them had his attention attracted by a somewhat unueual message that was being clicked out from an instrument at Big Indian, near Kingston, New York. It stated that a certain physician at Pine Hill, three miles distant, was wanted immediately to attend a young person who had just swallowed an ounce of laudanum. The student operator asked at once for all the particulars, and, on receiv ing them, a consultation was held at the New York office. It was decided that it would be hazardous to postpone treatment until the doctor could be found and driven three miles to attend a patient in so dangerous a condition. The council of young medical men therefore telegraphed to the operator at Big Indian to see that the prescription which they sent was carried out immediately. They prescribed that powerful emetics should be administered, suggesting home-made ones, such as luke warm water and mustard and water, after which the patient was to be vigorously rubbed and whipped with switches to pre vent sleep. This unexpected order was faithfully carried out, and, it is stated, with such happy results that the poison failed to act. The physician arrived an hour later, but bis attendance would have been useless had the precious interval been wasted. A London correspondent says : — The tales of high winnings at Monte Carlo, which one sometimes hears, are not all exaggerations. A friend, who is spending the winter at Monte Carlo — which is cheaper than Nice — has bad occasion to run over to London on business for a day or two this week. The Monte Carlo gambling saloon is the most luxurious lounge in the place, and the visitors generally spend their evenings there, not necessarily for the purpose of gaming, but simply because it is the one popular re sort. My friend says that one Afternoon he watched a Russian, who had a steady run of luck throughout the whole afternoon, win a sum in francs which amounted in English money to between £4,000 and £5,000. The man was more prudent than most of the betting fraternity, for as coon ns luck began to turn against him, he quitted the saloon, went right off to his hotel, packed up his portmanteau, and left Monte Carlo by the next train. He had the wisdom which few gamesters possess, to put him seir out or tne reacu 01 lurmer temptation. It appears that the proprietors of a gamine: (able will not allow a larger sum than £250 to be staked at once. The lucky Muscovite staked the maximum sum every time and won- Another instance of good fortune was that of a wealthy Englishman who one morning strolled into the saloon, put down a louis on a particular color, aud then, with out thinking much more nbout the matter, walked away from the table to chat with a friend. In nbout five or six minutes he wn9 called to by one of the croupiers, and turned round to find himself the winner of £250. These, of course, are the bright sides of Monte Carlo. The other side of the picture is to be found in the newspaper accounts of the suicides of ruiued gamesters, 1 