CHAPTER XXVI. . THE WIFE'S TItUE GUATtDIAN. Lord Castlemaine wa3 just,a little puzzled;, not suspicions, But puzzled." Ha had nothing' to be suspicious over. He was in the reading room oi his club, his lace and head hidden by a copy of the Times, on which he was intent. Two members of the club, both well known to him, came in and sat down close to him, without perceiving him. They had evidently been deeply engrossed in conversation; and th9v continued it now. . ' ' There is nothing in it," said one to the other. " I know her well. I am sure there there is-nothing in it." \- " It is seldom you find smoke without fire," said the other. 1 "I do not know. I feel sure this is all smoke. How many such, rumors are, born and die in a day." ? This was spoken by Sir Harvey Hope, who always took a bright and hopeful'view of things. Colonel Charters, who answered him, was a man who took a dark view of everything. . ' "; ' ; '\ "True," he replied, "but I thinkthere is generally some cause for them. I am sorry in this case, for-1 hav« a sincere liking for the j lady, and; the husband too." " I do not' believe it," said Sir Harvey Hope. " I 'know them both,' husband and wife, and'!. do not think there is a happier pair in London." * . "I must admit the Rime thing," said the i dark-minded colonel; " whenever I haye seen | them together they have seemed most united, most 'devoted to each other. I was utterly astonished." "But what did. you hear," asked Sir Harvey, " only foolish rumours ?" "I heard the same old story-that "lie had gone mad over her." , i " " That is not her fault," interposed Sir" Harvey. " She cannot be blamed for that."; " Certainly not; but knowing the character of the. man, she should net give him the slightest encouragement. When he was. in England before, there was' always" some, scandal or other about him." _ , " That is not her fault either," interrupted Sir Harvey. " True; but it should' make her careful," said the colonel. * > " Probably, being young and unacoustomed to the world, Bhe knows nothing whatever of .the evil side of his reputation, and only knows him a9 one of the bravest officers in Eng land." . . . *- ' v : " Then her husband should look after her,". grumbled the colonel. " I have no patience with the men of tp-day; they sit by, in silent inactivity; while their wives go straight to ruin. I cannot tell what they1 are made of." " This -is rather a sweeping assertion," 3aid Lord Castlemaine, laying down his paper, and looking both gentlemen in the face. They could not have been more horrified if -they had suddenly seen a ghost. Sir Harvey?s cuddy face suddenly turned, pale, and Colonel Charters, in his agitation, almost dropped his cigar f but Lord Castlemaine was serenely unconscious; he had not the most remote idea the conversation had been about him; he would not have believed it if either of them had sworn it. " That is a sweeping assertion, Charters," he said again; " and, do you think, quite de« served?" " I am sorryto say I believe it to be per fectly true. I am amazed at the indifferent, callous fashion in which husbands see young and beautiful wives launohed on the very sea of fashion, dissipation, and excitement, and make no effort whatever to help keep them :safe. I say that it amazes me. A husband should be the guardian of his wife." Sir Harvey Hope laughed; but his life was not a bright one. "I do not think many wives would like that notion," he skid. Lord Castlemaine remarked: "I~am proud of the reputation the Castle maines have always enjoyed, of being good husbands." , The two gentlemen looked at each other. Their eyes met, but they spoke no word. " It. would be indiscreet," he continued, "to ask of whim you were speaking ?" . Sir Harvey admitted that it would. The Colonel was silent. "I could not help overhearingitheconversa tion," he said,, " and it is no matter of mine -no business whatever of mine"; but if I understand you rightly, rumour is busy with' the name of some young and beautiful young lady." .- '. ' The two friends looked at each other strangely. ' " That is it," replied Sir Harvey. _ " That same man describes himself _aa going mad about her, while sha\ is a married woman ? " ' " True," nodded the colonel. He wished himself far away, and evidently thought the less Baid the better. " If she is married, 8he has a husband to to take care of her, I suppose, and to keep all such men at a distance," said Lord Castle maine. Both gentlemen nodded, but did not answer. The situation, to say the least of it, was piquant and peculiar. " I should very quickly deoide what to do in his case, be he whom he may," continued Lord Castlemaine. " If he has dared to speak in that way or any married lady, let her hus band take up her defence. There is no need to whisper it in corners. Let her husband find a whip with a strong-lash; then let him seek out - the coward who has BO spoken of his wife and lash him 'in publio. One or two such examples would care Buch scoun :drels of .trying to make-love to other men's wives," Again the two gentlemen looked helplessly one at the other. . "That is the right thing to do," added Lord Caatlemaine. To quarrel with such a man is to encourage him; to fight with him would be to dignify him. The right thing is to horsewhip him." \- " How can you horsewhip a gentleman 2" asked the colonel, helplessly. "A gentleman!" repeated Lord Castle-i maine, with infinite scorn. "We are not speaking of gentlemen; we are speaking of cowards and traitors, who have no respect for women, and no respect for the honour of their fellow-men. We do not call such persons 1 gentlemen.' I would brand aych men, I be lieve and- Lord Castlereaine'a faoe shone with a noble light as he spoke. " I believe in the sanctity of marfiage and in the honour of women." "A noble fellow," thought the colonel; " but what a situation I" "Curious things will happen," he said, aloud. "The world is pretty much what it has always been. The sins of Adam and Eve, of Cain and Abel, of David and Solomon,' are our sins." " We may all be sinners," said Lord Castle maine, " that lies between us and . our God,;x we may all be at the same time loyal and. honest men, that lies between its and our fel low creatures." Colonel Charters rose from his seat and yawned as politely as possible. Sir Harvey . imitated him as quickly. Lord Casflemaine woifdered why their interest in the subject died so soon, and why they seemed in,such a hurry to leave. " I am going your way," said Sir Harvey to the colonel; " shall we go together ? " The two gentlemen left the olub together, arm in arm. " Of all the strange things," said Sir Harvey, solemnly, " That is the strangest. To think that we should have gone into the very room where he was, have taken seats near him, yet not have noticed it was he." "And to think that within sound of his own ears we should have discussed his wife and .Colonel Lennox.", N" He has not the faintest idea of whom we were speaking," said Sir Harvey. " Not in the least," replied the colonel. " It would not have been a pleasant hour for us if he had done so, and it would have been harder still for Lennox." " Yes," said Sir Harvey, with a grim smile; "even his victories in Zululand, the Vic toria cross, and all the honours he has re ceived would not have saved him from that terrible whip." 