THE GLORIFIED IN HEAVEN. — "O A SEBMON PREACHED BY THE REV. A. STUBBS AT TEE OPENING OF THE WESLBYAN JUBILEE CHCTBCH, OVINGHAM. 0 " After this I beheld, and lo, a great multitude which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands; and cried with a loud voice, saying, Salvation to our God which sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb."—Rev. vii. 9, 10. There is a thought which sometimes occurs under a somewhat gloomy aspect to the mind of a believer—that thought is the small number of the saved. Subject as he is to seasons of physical depression and spiritual temptation over which he has no control, he cannot always boast of exemption from thoughts of a perplexing character. In addition to this, it must not be forgotten that the anxiety and solicitude which ho Perishes in the present and eternal welfare of men induces a careful obser* vation of their words and works and ways—an observation which, as he moves in ordinary spheres and circumstances, cannot fail to be exercised. Thus facts and examples are crowded into his mind, all calculated to impress his heart with the large majority of the unsaved; and could you trace his footBtepB you would often follow him to his chamber, whither he goes to blush in shame over the inconsistencies of the Church, or weep in sorrow over the sins of the people. Is he, for instance, a mechanic called to live and labour among the sons of toil ? Then his ears more frequently tingle with the outbursts of blasphemy than rejoice with the songs of praise. Is he a mariner, called to stand before the mast, to unfurl the canvas to the winds, and visit distant climes ? Then every port which he enters and every country which he visitB unfolds the same scenes of depravity which he had witnessed in his native land. Is he a minister called to stand by the open grave and perform the last office of respect for the dead ? Then with the solemnity of another voice from heaven he pronounces duBt to dust, earth to earth, and asheB to ashes over a large number for whose salvation no charity, however expansive, can inspire a hope—a large number who have lived in sin and died in shame. Or is he a missionary of the Gross, sent to labour, alone and friendless, in the distant parts of the earth f After years of heart-breaking toil he sometimes finds the righteous as scarce as the purple clusters after the vintage, or the full ears of ripened corn after the reaper's sickle and the gleaner's rake have passed over the fields. But O! it is a delightful truth that the Gospel in its marvellous adaptation to the wants and woes and weaknesses of men furnishes an answer to every doubt and aa antidote to every fear. Thus, while it is true that Christianity in its origin was small as a grain of mustard seed, it has become under the sunshine and showers of heaven a mighty tree, in whose spreading branches and luxuriant foliage the birds of the air are glad to build their nests and warble their minstrelsy. Though small as the leaven cast into the measure of meal, it has worked and is working, and must work and shall work until the world in its length and breadth is leavened into holiness and purity and joy. Or, is it the stone cut out of the mountain without hands ? Then it shall roll and roll, sweeping away all opposition, dashing all other systems in pieces and grinding them to powder, until it fills the whole earth. Thus, when the Saviour ascended into heaven the disciples numbered one hundred and twenty, at Pentecost three thousand more swelled that number, and not many weeks after five thousand more crowded into the gates of Zion. And whether we apply the text to that goldea period in the history of the Church when Constantino was Emperor of Bomeand so many thousands of Jews and Gentiles embraced the Christian faith, or to the redeemed and glorified in heaven, how cheering and elevating is the thought that the grand redeeming scheme of heaven shall find its consummation in the everlasting salvation of a multitude which no man can number. "After this," says the Apostle, "I beheld, and lo, a great multitude which no man can number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues," etc. Our attention is directed by the text to the glorified in Heaven, and the first thing mentioned by the apostle that strikes us is I.—THEIR NUMBER. " A great multitude which no man can number " Here is a deathblow Btruck as with the sword of an avenging angel at the scheme of limited atonement. As, in the vision of the apostle, the golden gates of Heaven opened like the glory of an evening cloud to lead the eye upwards to a star, he saw not one, not a few, not a many, but a multitude, a great multitude, a great multitude which no man could number. Oh, the mediatorial diadem which shall encircle the brow of the Redeemer when the last prayer has been offered up and the last sinner has been saved will be studded with more gems and jewels than there are drops in the water of the sea. Then shall be realized in all its glorious fulness the prediction of the Evangelical Prophet when he said, " He shall see of the travail of His soul, and be satisfied." 1\. " A multitude." Whence came they ? Not from everlasting. Time was when the Divine Being sat enshrined in solitary splendour, and Heaven was an unpeopled wilderness. There was no beat of seraph wing—no voice uplifted in triumphant psalm—no star of glory flashing in the skirs of immortality. Millions of bright spirits then sprang into existence; and God delighted to diffuse His own happiness among their shining hosts. But even then the spirit of rebellion asserted itself; it sought to shake the pillars of the eternal throne; and numbers were hurled over the high battlements, and bound in chains of darkness. A feeling of desolation must have swept for the first time over the inhabitants. What deserted mansions ! vacant thrones ! unworn crowns ! silent harpB! Could no new colonists be found P Mercy again triumphed, and sought to fill the broken ranks by sinners of mankind who had been redeemed by blood and sanctified by grace. Of these, Abel was the first to appear in Heaven. Silence must have reigned.' How new and startling his biography ! His sins, his tears, his triumphs! " Ten thousand timeB ten thousand sung Their anthems round the throne, When lo! a solitary voice Began a song unknown. song unknown to angel's ears, A song that spoke of banished fears, Of pardoned sins, and dried-up tears. Not one of all the angelic throng Could such high notes attain, But spirits from a distant coast United in the strain, Till he who firstbegan the song To sing alone, not suffered long, Was mingled in a countless throng." Since that day a shining procession of souls arrayed in white has been ascending above—family after family, congregation after congregation—until the first has increased into a multitude which no man can number. 2 " A great multitude." " For it became Him for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in bringing many sons unto sloiy to make the Captain of our salvation perfect through sufferings." Prophets, priests, and kings-martyrs whose exalted foith ha* transformed the asoendlng flame into a chariot of fire to convey their souls in triumph to the skies; Christians who, like flowers in the wilderness, have lived and died unseen by all but God ; children who, ere they had drawn the sword in the battle of life, have been sweetly borne by guardian angels to Bhare the victories of Paradise—all help to Bwell the mighty multitude before the throne. 3\. " A great multitude which no man could number." Man's capacity for numbers is almost unlimited. Thus when Herschel examined the Milky Way at the Cape of Good Hope, he tells that thousands of stars passed across the aperture of his telescope every minute. And we grasp the statement without a strain. What then must have been the multitude unfolded to the mind of the apostle when he tells us it was a multitude which no man could number ? Think of them as they stand harp in hand, in glittering ranks, one above another, around the throne of God— " Far as the eye can reach on height o'er height, Rise fierywaving wings and star- crown'd brows; Millions on millions, brighter and more bright, Till all is lost in one supreme unmingled light." Oh, I thank God for this revelation of the heavenly world; that not a scanty few, but an overwhelming multitude will be gathered home ; or, in the elevated language of Archer Butler, "I shall rejoice to see the brow that bled beneath the thorns crowned with the victories of a thousand worlds." II.—THEIR VARIETY. " Of all nations and kindreds and peoples and tongues*" The rainbow which sometimes spans the heavens is not all of one colour. It varies in fair proportion from the red to where the violet fades into the sky; and yet it constitutes but one arch of beauty. So the redeemed in Heaven, notwithstanding their variety, help to form that rainbow like unto an emerald round the throne of God. 1\. Of all nations. Nationality has sometimes been an insuperable barrier to social intercourse. To the Jew the Gentile was a dog; to the Greek the outsider was a barbarian ; to the Roman every other man was an outlaw to be captured and enslaved. In Christ, the middle wall of partition being broken down, there iB neither Jew nor Greek, male nor female, bond nor free. Heaven is not the memorial hall of nationalities, but the house of humanity and of God. The heavenly city has four gates—north, Bouth, east, weBt—to indicate that out of every nation under the sun souls would presB into its golden streets. 2\. Of all kindreds. Kin, kith and kindred—is not this designed to suggest that the glorified in heaven shall recognise each other P Even here with our kindred faculties, we often recognise the countenance which we had only seen once ; and will our vision or memory be less bright or less retentive there ? Surely we shall recognise the voice of many a singing pilgrim whose songs have been our inspiration in this earthly house ? and the face of many a saint whose radiancns even on earth has been to us as the light of the guiding star ! " For now we see through a glass darkly; but then face to face ; now we know in part; but then shall we know even as we are known." " What ye know not now, ye shall know hereafter." Heaven brightens at the thought of holding sweet communion there with our best beloved. 3\. Of all people. Colour has often given rise to strange distinctions among men. The Englishman has treated the Hindoo like a fox; the Hindoo has looked upon the Englishman like a wolf. More than this, thousands of our fellow creatures whose only crime was that of being bronzed or blackened by their native sun have been doomed to the worst of slavery or the agonies of death. Chains, on which no tear of pity ever rusted, have fettered the limbB which God intended to be free. But our text " The blessed time fortells When all men shall be free; And musical as silver bells, Their falling chains shall be!" 4 Of all tongues. When the Holy Ghost descended upon the diBcipleB assembled in the upper room in Jerusalem, he sat in the form of a cloven tongue of fire upon every head. This was to qualify them for their great mission, which was to preach the Gospel to the different nationalities then in Jerusalem in their various tongues ; and no one can fail to see in this an indication of God's purpose to gather souls for His Kingdom out of every part of this Babel world. No cloven tongue of fire now glorifies the missionary's brow, but the Bible, translated into almost every language of the earth, has superseded the necessity of that miraculous gift. The sinner's plea for mercy, in whatever language expressed, goes straight to the heart of God ; and so the prediction uttered by the Saviour himBelf shall be fulfilled—" And I say unto you, that many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven." III.—THEIR CHARACTER. They are " clothed with white robes." It was not always so. Once their robes were spotted and defiled. But they have washed them—not in the tears of penitence, not in the waters of baptism—they have washed them, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. These white robes are the symbols of their purity. 1\. They are pure personally. The conflict between the flesh and the spirit is at an end. Their bodies refined, purified, and beautified, have become swift aB the lightning, lovely as the angek in glory, and bright as the noonday sun. 2\. They are pure socially. Society is the sphere in which man is designed to move in this world and in all worlds to come. Here, however, society is mixed and promiscuous ; the wheat and the tares grow together; and this is often a source of discomfort and danger to the Christian. But there our happiness will be enhanced by the fact that the society is " all intellect, all purity, and all love." No admission to the feasting hall for the man without the wedding garment! Every inhabitant is invested with celestial purity, and in sympathy and harmony with all the rest. 3\. They are pure eternally. Character in this state of probation is liable to change. There is no purity attainable which places us beyond the reach of temptation and danger. In heaven our perfect safety is secured. No serpent coils his folds among the trees of life there. No sin shall ever stain their robes. The longer they are worn the brighter they will shine; they shall increase in purity for ever! IV.—THEIR CONDITION. " They stand before the throne and before the Lamb with palms in their hands." No change of climate, no combination of outward circumstances can transform the human charaeter. Never* theless, when the heart is pure Mid the life is holy there is a power in our surroundings, when in harmony with our tastes and dispositions, to enhance our joy. Nothing can be more desirable to the Christian believer than the condition of the redeemed in glory, as described in the text. 1\. It is honourable. They stand " before, the throne." Near* ness to the throne has always been considered a position of exaltation and honour. Hence the mother of Zebedee's children asked that her two sens might sit, the one on the right hand and the other on the left hand, of the Saviour in His kingdom. Although the Redeemer rebuked her maturnal ambition, and taught her that he who would be greatest in His kingdom must be the least, yet this iB the position which the glorified in heaven will occupy. 2\. It is victorious. They have " palms in their hands." All readers of history are aware that among the Romans the palm was the ensign of victory. The glorified have fought and conquered, and for that reason wave palmB in their hands. It is the token of their victory over self, and sin, and Satan; victory over doubt and death and hell. 3\. It is felicitous. " They stand before the Lamb." We all know how much our happiness on earth depends upon the presence of one we love; and we must never forget that the happinesB of the redeemed in Heaven depends upon the presence of Christ there. Christ IB the attraction of every eye, and the theme of every song. Long ago the Psalmist sans:, "In Thy presence ia fulness of joy; at Thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore." To the dying thief by His Bide the Saviour said, " To-day thou shalt be with Me in Paradise." And again, "Father, I will that those whom Thou hast given Me be with Me where I am, that they may behold My glory." We shall see the King in His beauty in the land which is afar off— we shall " see Him as He is." V.-THEIR EMPLOYMENT. " They cried with a loud voice, saying, Salvation to our God," etc. It has been said that music is the only earthly blisB which the imagination of man has transferred to Heaven. However that may be, it is certain that according to the inspired writers Heaven iB pre-eminently the world of praise and song. Our text leads us to consider the song and the singing. 1\. The song. " Salvation to our God which sitteth upon the Throne, and unto the Lamb." This is the new song the first note of which is taught us at the foot of the cross. Even here it becomes the theme of praise to the believer. But what must be the salvation when every danger is past every foe conquered, every passion subdued, every fear dispelled, every sin forgiven, and death itself is swallowed up in victory ! How _ long, how loud, how lasting will be that song ! Already consciously saved, has God taught you to sing it ? 2\. The singing. " They cried with a loud voice." So deep and heartfelt is the emotion, so strong the love, so seraphic the ecstacy, that they cry with a loud voice, " Savation uuto God that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb." It is as though some sweet soloist had been hymning the praise of the Highest, and then to swell the common triumph and universal joy, all Heaven in chorus thunders forth the song. Here Christians are as soldiers fighting the battle of the Lord, and are often separated amidst the smoke and dust of the battlefield. There they are gathered together on Mount Zion under their great captain to unite in the shout of everlasting victory. 1\. One thought which this subject suggests is the influence which the departed—the sainted dead—should exert over us who are left behind. Surely amongst that countless multitude there are some who were once linked to us by closest ties of flesh and blood—father, mother, husband, wife, brother, sister, child? Some who once cheered us by the light of their countenance and the music of their voice ? They are not loBt, but gone before, and like stars in the daytime, they are shining, though unseen. Once a gentleman was walking across plain just as the shades of evening came down, when he saw a little fellow holding something in his hands. " What are you doing, my boy P" said he. " Flying a kite, Sir," was the reply. " But I can't see it," continued the gentleman. " No more can I," said the boy, " but I feel it pull." So our departed friends, though unseen and invisible, should attract us to the skies. " Be ye followers of those who through faith and patience have obtained the promises." 2\. Another thought suggested by this text is the mission of this beautiful church, which is being opened to-day. ItB gates, like the heaven to which they lead, will be opened to receive all who are willing to come ; its mission, like His to whose glory it is raised, to heal the broken-hearted, to give light to the perplexed, consolation to the bereaved, and hope to the dying. But whatever may be the blessings wherewith the Christian religion brightens the present life, its supreme because eternal rewards are beyond the clouds and beyond the tomb. It crowns its recipient with eternal life, and our highest mission is to constrain as many as possible to accept this gift of God through Jesus Christ our Lord. However bright that world and exalted its inhabitants, you may enter there, you may be amongst the number. Ask youTself, " Is it really, truly possible that I, notwithstanding all my sin and weakness, can enter there?" Thank God, it iB ; for in Christ Jesus the gate of Heaven is open to all believers. The crimson fountain, in which others have washed their spotted robes, and around which the sanctified stand millions deep as witnesses of its cleansing power, is open for you to- day. Come then to that fountain, and step by simple faith into the crimson flood, and you, too, shall acquire a purity that Bhall fit you for the society of angels and of God. 