A Ghost Revival. Simultaneous with the revival of business is a revival of ghosts, or rather of ghost stories. Our exchanges are bringing them to us from every point of the compass. At Vincennes, Indiana, is a German Evangelical Church, parsonage, and grave- yard. In the graveyard is a tombstone in memory of a young man who committed suicide a quarter of a century ago. On the stone is the Scriptural verse : " Whether we live, we live unto the Lord ; whether we die, we die unto the Lord; whether we live, therefore, or die, we are the Lord's." Since his burial the clergymen occupying the parsonage have not been able to stand it very long at a time. Footsteps on the piazza when no person is seen ; knockings at the door when no one is to , be found when it is opened ; strange noises and lights at the windows of the church, and othei' dis- agreeable ghostly pranks make life a burden to the pastors and their families. Not long Bince the present incumbont, unable to sleep, arose and waUred around the church-yard. It was the time for churchyards as well as a tired man to yawn, but the churchyard did most of the yawning that night. For suddenly after a strain of sweet music there appeared before the pastor a figure of a man elad in grayish apparel, and beck- oning the clergyman to approach. The spectre had a white face, eyes sunken, cheeks rawboned and hollow, fingers long and bony and shrivelled, and worse than all, its breast was bare, and its I throat, neck and breast were red as blood. The clergyman was so overcome that he was prostrated and speechless, and clung to a tomb- stone for support. At last ho recovered sufficiently 'to ask the phantom what he could do for it. The spectre'raised its right arm slowly, and with its forefinger pointed to itB own gravestone, saying: "That inscription should be erased." Then it disappeared. The request was surely a simplo and easy one,, and if it weiv3 necessary to the tranquility of the the poor ghost's perturbed spirit, almost anybody would have complied with it. Hamlet agreed even to kill his uncle in order to save his father the necessity of a nighttravel, which he had evidently grown too old to enjoy. But the clergyman has not . yet seen fit to gratify the ghost's wish. The inscription still remains, the present pastor, evi- dently intending Boon to leave, is bound that his successors shall not have any better time than he has had with the mysterious knockings and the ' graveyard interviews. Down in Connecticut the ghosts aro especially active. At Stratford a family sceptical about ghosts moved into a haunted houso last spring with a defiant air. " Wait until August, the anniversary month of Jonathan Riggs' murder of his wife,"' said the knowing and weU-aeasoned citizens. Sure enough, when August came the children were awokened at midnight by unseon visitors, who shook them out of bed. Other members of the family saw spectres, heard knockings, moanings, groanings, and strange footsteps, and the nights aie a constant terror. On an island off Stony Creek an abandoned sum- mer hotel ÍB lit up every night by flash-lights, and though a hardy party of sceptics decided to row over some night and see what was the cause of the lights, they have never yet mustered up the courage to do it. A Connecticut farmer near Middletown is cover- ing his land with rocks, which he haids and dumps upon his meadows at much expense of time and money. These stones he believes] are the purified and exalted souls of men, especiaUy of distinguished men. Common men are not worthy of having their soids petrified. Napoleon Bonaparte, Queen Eliza- beth, Hannibal, and Washington are included in Ins fine collection of eminent'stone souls, and they are arranged and located with great care. Many dis- tinguished men-Napoleon, Nero, and Pharaoh for example-have always had the reputation of pos- sessing hearts of stone, but souls of stone are a new phase of evolution. ? ' i Dixson and Sons' celebrated tobacco factory con- sumes the great bulk of all American leaf imported into New South Wales ; they produce far more tobacco than any other southern factory. Brands aro-Yankee Doodle, Conqueror, Sir Roger, Cham- pion Aromatic, and Dixson's Cut Tobacco ; also! 1 cheaper brands, 345 