lalu mag #bxcct.iau0 ta 'Infant ^^tism-k A PAPER PKEPAEED FOR A YOUNG/MEN'S ASSOCIATION. ?'. ' To this question I would return first of all the general answer tha there are two ways of meeting them, both of which are likely to hay ji certain measure of usefulness. One is by pointing out' the graye objections and difficulties which attend the custom of deferring Baptism until the years of childhood are passed, while the other is by explaining more fully, and giving more prominence to, the truly scriptural teaching of our Church on this subject than many of. her \ members have been in the habit of .doing. The first objection to' be urged against adult baptism is that of novelty. Until the sixteenth century it is impossible to, point to any period in the history of the Church in which it can even be shown to be probable that it- was not the custom to baptise infants. Was the whole Church therefore ,in darkness upon this question for fifteen hundred years ? !.;'Aud was it reserved for the Anabaptists of Switzerland, Germany, and Holland ' to set her right ? We cannot believe this. Moreover, grave practical difficulties arise in the casa of children whose parents deliberately ; withhold from them the sacrament of baptism. Qur Lord has said, , j' Except a man be born of water.aiuVof the Spirit he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God.' Suppose, then, the ,case,of a, purposely u'nbap- ' ];ised infant dying, what kingdom does it belong to 1 '.'? If , we ' beheve : the words I have quoted, it has not entered into ^ th'e Kingdom ..of . God ; nor can the parents, if they are true to. their own doctrine, and \ practice, say that it has, for they held thatit. was not 'a. fit', subject .' for baptism till it could be converted, and repent and ?believe,; ^a.nidi .so '. they forbade it to come to Christ. Whafstate hasit Jbeen left in ? We have no positive answer to give to. this question, but the 'anala- gous case under the Old Testament is not encouraging. A.irj,e\Yish . infants who died uncircumcised, except during'thetimeof wanderitig in the wilderness, died as heathens, hot as children of God. . Fbr'He ' had said, 'The uncircumcised man child shall be cut off /-from /his people ; he hath broken, My covenant.'.': ? .-, .;. ,:.. :. , , Again, suppose these uribaptised .children to grow sufficiently old to be taught. If ? they are to be .instructed ia; the. yeryi simplest elements of religion, what line' are their parents to take regarding ' them 1 What kingdom ,-do they belong to 1 Is it the natural* pr the spiritual? Presumably not the latter, for no steps have .been taken to introduce them to it in the only riianner prescribed .by the King. Whose children are. they ? Presumably ,? not the children pf God' for no one connected withtherd has; shown,, sufficien); faith in. the efficacy of the sacrameut ordained by- OKrist to claim ' tlieir adop- . . tion into His family ?. by its means. Are they: to be,' treated a's^hil dren qf wrath'.(\vhich the Apostle Paul' says we all are by nature), or are they to be treated as children oi .grace, as those ..who', have, bjeen brought under the Christian covenant 1 ? Surely, oh' the' parents' own showing, as children. of wrath. They have heyer brought th.e'.chil dren, when unconscious, to Christ by the method, prescribed /by. Him. for entrance into the Kingdom 91, God; ap-3.,; if they t?p.uld'be cpn'sis'fcetit, they must teach their children that until they come toHim consciously they are in no sense Christians,' /rind np 'more m,embers of God's' Jfapiiiy '; than the heathen who have never heard of fHim, 'The difficulty of getting over these objections has led to yeryitrahge attempts to, Explain away the meaning of- th.e words, ?' Except' 'a. man be.'borh/of water ' and of the Spirit he cannot enter into the. kingdom of God.' Some have actually gone so far as to lay stress on the-word '^inan,';_aqd_\ say that because it is used the text cannot apply, to 'infante. .:The' absurdity . of such an interpretation- is not 'only apparent frpni^the fact that the word in the Greek is hot man, but the indefinite pro noun, 'anyone,' but will also be easily shown by referring those who rely on it to the passage which speaks of . the mother fprgettijig the anguish of childbirth for joy that 'a onan is born into the 'world. Others, again, have said that by the words, 'of water and of the Spirit,' Jesus meant the Spirit only, arid that water is only naentione,d as a symbol of His purifying influence on the heart. 'But 'if sgch were our Lord's meaning, why shoiild^He.go^out of His way; tirint'fp duce these words— of water— which' Words,1 according to their showing, misled the whole Church for 1500 years, and still mislead the greater number of professing Christians ? If unless, as the Spirit is a neces sary inward cause, so water is a necessary outward mean to our regeneration, why should we be said to be born of the water 1 Why are we taught that with water God doth sanctify and cleanse Hir Church ? Why does St. Paul speak of the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost as distinct from one another, and yet both having some share in the work of our salvation 1' Before passing away from this, I may allude to another class of men who argue in favour of adult baptism by laying too much st?-ess upon the water. They assume, what they are by no means able to prove, that immersion was the only method of baptism used in the time of our Lord and His apostles ; and they say that baptism by affusion, or pour- ' ing, is not true baptism at all. Surely this is an excess of formalism. When, our Lord spoke of being born of water and of the Spirit, He did not define the quantity of water that was necessary. And if He did not, why should men try to do so 1 Why endeavour to take from us that liberty so wisely allowed us by the Church, of using either . . immersion or affusion, as may be most fitting and convenient ? Why take upon themselves to deny the validity of the sacrament because, in the case of most infants, the material element which accompanies its administration has not been applied in the exact method and amount which they, in their narrowness, think of so much importance 1 Surely we can conceive of many circumstances which might render baptism by immersion absolutely impossible, and of many others which would render it inexpedient. Can we suppose that in such cases He who said, ' I will have mercy and not sacrifice,' would insist on immersion, or, failing it, deny the inward and spiritual grace of the sacrament 1 As showing the mind of the early Church on this subject, let me quote from a treatise called The Teaching of the Lord, by the Twelve Apostles to the Gentiles, written in all probability not later than the beginning of the second century — if not, indeed, in the first — the author says : ' But as regards baptism, baptise as follows : — Having taught all that goes before, baptise into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit in living (i.e., running) water. But, if thou hast not running water, baptise in other water ; and if thou canst not in cold, then in hot. If thou hast neither (in sufficiency for immersion), pour the water thrice on the head, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.' These — the very earliest directions we have as to the mode of baptising — are suited to every circumstance, and are in accord with sound, practical common sense. But to return more directly to the subject of infant baptism. To those who say, ' Show a distinct command for it, and we will observe it,' we may fairly reply, 'Show a command against it.' { For in the very nature of things it would be adopted from the first ! unless it were expressly forbidden. The Christian Church at its commencement was largely recruited from the ranks of the Jews, and they would naturally seek to have their infants admitted into the new covenant by baptism, as into the old by circumcision. When, for example, St. Peter said to them on the day of Pentecost, ' Kepent, and be baptised every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, for the promise is unto you and to your children,' they certainly would not withhold from baptism, with its accompanying privileges, those children to whom, equally with themselves, the promise belonged. Nor was any question raised as to the propriety of infant baptism when the Gentiles were admitted, and when the Christians increased in numbers not merely by making converts, bub by process of nature. The apostles, many of them, lived long enough to see children born of Christian parents. If these children were not to be admitted into the Church until a certain age, the apostles, among the other minute directions given by them (such as the age at which widows should be taken into the number of those who received alms), would most certainly have laid down some distinct rule on this subject also. On the contrary, we find that children were recognised by the apostles as belonging to the Church of Christ. Thus, in St. Paul's Epistle addressed 'to the saints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colosse,' he writes : ' Children, obey your parents in all things, for this is well pleasing unto the Lord. Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged.' Again, in another epistle, addressed 'to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus,' almost the same words occur : 'Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right ; and ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.' Now, is it reason able to suppose that St. Paul would have written to children as ' saints,' or ' the faithful in Christ Jesus,' unless they had been admitted into ' the Church, which is His body,' and some promise of faith and obedience made for them ? But we have never read of admission to the Christian Church taking place, or these promises being made by those admitted, except at the time of baptism. And it certainly does seem as though parents who have purposely refrained from bringing their children to Christ in infancy cannot consistently teach those children that; it is their duty to obey them ' in the Lord' nor can they bring them up ' in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.' You cannot mrture a shrub or flower in a garden unless it has previously been sown or planted there. You cannot nurture a child in a particular family unless it has first been brought into' that family. But the unbaptised infant has been subjected merely to the natural birth j it has not been born again of water and of the Spirit, and has no claim to be treated as a member of the kingdom of God. This, if itB parents are consistent, they ought to teach it ; yet what would such teaching be but a provoking of the child to wrath 1 Tell a child that it has not received God's Holy Spirit, that it has not been received into His family, that until it is consciously converted, and has come of its own accord to believe in Christ and confess Him before men, it is in no sense a Christian — can you conceive a doctrine more discouraging? Yet what right have the parents who keep their children from baptism to teach them otherwise? (To de continued.) 