THE GHOST OF BOLSOVEU'S BANK. i. It was one of those drenching after noons in December, when roofs and pavements, gutters, umbrellas, and mackintoshes are transformed into so mahy mirrors for the reflection, more or less distinct, of lamp-rays. In sncb weather the rich hurry home joyfully, the poor slink miserably into sheltered corners ; cabs drive a lively trade, and a railway station smiles on the travelling public like a haven of refuge on a storm- tossed mariner. Into the six o'clock express for Bar- minster (a sweet and dreamy, old- fashioned, yet . prosperous town on the Great Western line) two gentlemen leapt, almost as the train started. They were old acquaintances, formerly fellow- townsmen, and were glad to do the two hours' journey together. One of them, as he -settled down, gave a slight start and cast a glance of sur prise towards a man seated in the corner farthest from himself A shrunken, forlorn enough figure, clothed in a long nrev lllnrir and waarina a anft. fait hat: which qnite shaded the upper portion of his face, while the lower was disguised by a long iron-grey beard. Still there was nothing so very remarkable in his appearance as to explain the look, cur iously compounded as that was of amazement and an odd sort of fear.- The expression vanished in an instant, bat, nevertheless, the feeling which had called it forth mnet have remained, for the gentleman gave a strangely nervoue aud misplaced little laugh when his friend abruptly said : ' So poor Bolsover's funeral is to be to-morrow !' Yes. You are going down for it, 1 suppose, Feilding ?' ' Of course. They have sent me an invitation. The death was sudden, was it not, Gerridge ?' Mr. Gerridge nodded. He glanced towards the silent third passenger, who had shifted his position slightly, and was apparently dropping off to sleep. 'Strange fellow, poor Henry Bol- sover !' resumed Mr. Feilding. ' There's something extraordinary abont his will, I hear.' ' Extraordinary ? Yon may well say so — at any rate as far as one of the be- quests is concerned. I point of fact he has ordered £5000 to be paid to him self.' ' To himself V ' Well, it amounts to that £5000 has to be pnt into his coffin. I suppose, if they do it at all, they'll pnt in a cheque, and meet the absurd clause in that way.' How very strange !' 'For years past we have thooght Bol- sover a little queer. His odd, moody ways and his unsociability, and his peculiar style of dress, always like some artist-fellow, or ' The speaker broke off suddenly, and again glanced at the slumbering occupant of the dis tant corner seat. ' He was a bright enough fellow when we were young and I lived at Bar- minBter,' resumed the other. ' He and hie cousin, Ned Haviland, what backs they were ! So much alike in person too — both handsome fellows, and rivals in everv woman's favour ' ' Ah, poor Ned ! He died miserably, I fear,' said Mr. Gerridge. ' Wildness was in his blood. Bat I have often wondered whether, if old George Bol- sover had been kinder abont that money, or his son Henry, now lying dead, had shown himself more grateful to the kinsman who saved bis life, Ned might have made a better thing of his existence:' ' It wasn't in old George to be kind. He was harder than his son, and that's saying a good deal. The present yonng fellow, Arthur, seems different, I be lieve.' ' Yes. Arthur feels his father's death grievously — more than one could believe, considering how he has been treated. By the way, Littlejohn, the cashier, has not : been told of Bolsover's death yet.' Yon don't mean it 1 Why ?' ' He has been ill — invalid for a month past — disease of the heart, and the doctors say any sadden shock might kill him. On the other hand he has been fretting terribly to get back to the bank, and is to return there in a day or two, and then, by degrees, the -news is to be broken to him. Littlejohn worshipped his master.' 'Well, it seems a queer affair alto gether. How long have yon been in London, Gerridge V 'Only since yesterday. Had to ran np for a little business.' When the train stopped at last at Barminster, -the two gentlemen were recognises oy zne porters a.uu tue station-master; the latter coming for ward with a special greeting for him who Was now nearly a stranger to it, Mr. Feilding. 'I hope -yon 'are -well, Bir? Bad weather ; bat therein was wanted. Good evening, Mr- "Gerridge : is this your bag I Anything else in the carriage ¥ 'Only another passenger, who seems asleep. By jove ! he's gone — elipt away like a ghoet while we tnmed to speak to yon,' said Mr. Gerridge. ' 'Was he a. gentleman -of -the town f asked the station-master. 'Well, no— I hardly think bo, un less Mr. -Gerridge did not finish hie sentence, but smiled to himself, and half-muttered— 'Lucky I'm not super stitions 1 Good night, Jell' Mr. TFeilding has come down for the funeral to-morrow,' remarked the station- master a few moments later to one of his subordinates. ' I could have sworn I saw Mr. Bol- sover himself just now,' returned the ticket collector. ' A man passed me his very image: It gave me quite a tarn.' ' More simple yon !' said the station- master. 'Mr. Bolsover is gone on his last journey, the bourne from which no 'traveller returns.' n. At the late Mr. Bolsover's own house a mournful party sat down to dinner. The lawyer, Foljambe, had arrived, and one or two other guests — relatives of the family ; they all were very grave, of coarse ; and as for Arthur Bolsover himself, the only son and head of the house now, he was genuinely grieved. It did him credit that be should feel so much the loss of a father whose death set him free from a galling, sometimes even a cruel, bondage. For his father had been the strangest, the gloomiest, in some respects the most tyrannical, of men. He was devoted to the bank, being a hard, keen man of business, and loving such moDey as he had for the sake of getting more. He uuueuii tu uu luau, uuietss, laueeu, on rare occasions to the cashier Littlejohn, who was a sort of pale reflection of himself in every way, and who enter tained for ins chief au instinctive, dog like affection, into which terror entered as largely as respect. The late Henry Bolsover would allow no partner in his bank, and accorded even to Arthur ooly the position of a clerk. He kept the young man miserably short of money ; never confided any ilans to him ; and repelled all advances )y his icy reserve. Yet Arthur felt a strange kind of pity for him, suspecting that be was not happy, and longing to penetrate the enigma of the inscrutable, stern, perhaps self-tortured nature. But he never could draw any closer to his father in spite of all his efforts. Of late, indeed, the breach between them . had rather widened, for Mr. Bolsover wished Arthur to marry his cousio, Miss Martha Paunceford, who was something of an heiress, and Arthur had other views. Miss Martha Paunceford was not at table. She was upstairs, keeping com- nanv with Mrs. Bolsover. who was arranged in a lavish amount of new crape, and plunged in the deepest woe. Poor woman ! Her married life had been anything but a bed of roses : bat she liked being miserable, and enjoyed doing everything according to some standard of respectability that she had set np for herself And having now so excellent a reason for ceremonial grief, she wonld not have suppressed one tear, or abated the tenth of an inch from the black border of her new pockethandker- chiefs for the world. So she sat in her own room, Bhronded in bombazine and semi- darkness ; and Martha sat by her with an air of acid watchfnlness, intended to repel all attempts at consolation on the part of a frivolous, outside world. This bank residence was commodious and haud- some, the business being in front, the dwelling-rooms looking on to a large garden. ' Is dinner over, Martha ?' presently asked poor Mrs. Bolsover, after a fresh outburst of sobs. A wui Gee, uear nunc, esio uxu yuuug lady. ' Yes ; the gentlemea are at their wine,' she reported on her return. How they can drink it !' exclaimed the widow, and fell to weeping again. ' Men will do anything,' said Martha. ' And the time getting on ! Send Porter to te-tell Greaves that I must sp- speak to Arthur.' ' Yes, dear aunt.' And Porter, who was the maid, having duly communicated with Greaves, who waB the butler, Arthur, in the coarse of a few minntes appeared. His . mother, naturally, began to sob with loudness the instant he entered the room, that being the way in which she had received everybody for four days past. Arthur, his handsome yonng face looking pale and grief-worn, sat down beside her, and waited in patient silence for her tears -to expend themselves. ' '"What have yon decided to do ?' quavered Mrs. Bolsover at last 'We are as much puzzled as ever, mother. Foljambe thinks we can dis regard the clause altogether.' . Disregard ? Not with my consent, Arthur. Nobody shall ever say that I disobeyed a single injunction of yonr poor dead father's.' 'Bat, mother, -this particular injunc tion is so preposterous.' I am surprised at you, Arthur. Pre posterous is Dot a word you should use "on this solemn occasion. Yonr dead father wished the money "to be put in his coffin, and it shall be done.' ' Bat how I' cried Arthur, adding WlIQ tt DULV Ul liLUUiULUl llUUiUUL AUI x to write a cheque and pnt it there ?' ' Write a cheque by all means if that be sufficient,' replied Mrs. Bolsover, with dignity. ' I don't profess to understand bnsiness matters. I never did. I have always considered such things to lie oat- side the sphere of woman. Bat where my conscience or heart is concerned, my instinct does not err. And although of coarse I am nobody now that yonr dear father- has "been called away from me, still, wherever my weak voice can be raised in support of his wishes, I hope to make it heard. Mr. Foljambe may say this or that, and anyone whose judgment yon prefer before mine may eay the other, "but 3, as yonr surviving parent, feel it my duly to maintain that the money shonld be paid.' 1 ' Arthur drew a cheque book from his pocket. He had not long been in pos- session of any object so important ; bnt a few days before his death Mr. Bolsover, albeit sorely against the grain, had been forced to confer on his son the power to sign. With a melancholy smile he wrote the cheque for £5000 in favor of Henry Bolsover, not substituting 'order' for ' bearer ' as he generally did, but letting the latter printed word stand. Then he handed it to his mother, saying rather wearily : ' Will yon put it in yourself 1 The lid should be nailed down in an hour from now.' Renewed sobs ; then Mrs. Bolsover began again : ' Certainly, I will put it in, Arthur. I cannot conceive that any hands have a better right than mine to touch your dear father. It is a painful duty — the whole of this discussion, in deed, has been deeply painful. Bat now that I have triumphed, as right must always triumph, it shall not be said that I faltered at the eleventh hour through any yielding even to my natural grief And with her handkerchief pressed once more to her eyes, and with Martha preceding her, she swept Blowly from the room. Arthur did not follow her. The wuuie pruuccuiug uuuucuwu wiiu cue cheque seemed to him a mockery. The room in which the coffin was placed bad been Mr. Bolsover's dressing- room. Things, by his widow's wish, had been left exactly as they were on the evening wbeD, nhile dressing for dinner, he had been seized with his brief and fatal illness. Even the watch and a ring which he always wore lay upon the toilet- table. Some perverse notion of reverence — a quaint, superstitious feeling — made Mrs. Bolsover's desire that they should so remain until he was fairly gone ; then she intended herself to col lect arid put away everything. The coffin was placed in front of a large bow-window — rather an anomaly in a dressing-room — but the hnase was an old one and full of anomalies. Across this, thick red curtainB were closely drawn. A fire bnrned in the grate, a lamp dimly lighted was on the table. The atmosphere of the room was heavy with the scent of the flowers which, in beautifal profusion, covered all but the stern face of the dead. Sometimes the departing soul leaves on the countenance a smile, a look that is as a message by which the living may gain of the vanish ed one some fuller, more loving compre hension than ever before But the face of Henry Bolsover had been impenetrable, living : it remained impenetrable, dead. Mrs. Bolsover approached, lifted some of the blossoms covering the crossed hands, laid the cheque there, replaced the flowers, aud turned away. 'We are to stay, I think yon said ?' observed Martha. ' I stay, of course, Martha.' Then she buried her face and sat down by the fire, while Martha went to the open door and held whispered parley with some of the servants iu the corridor. 'What a draught comes from that window ! It actually stirs those heavy curtains,' she remarked, with a shiver, as she returned and herself approached the welcome blaze. Two or three men presently entered. The coffin was nailed down and, when the dreary office was quite completed, Mrs. Bolsover suffered her niece to lead her away. A fWw hours later irnesta And (servant in the silent house had retired to bed and were sleeping sonndly. Mrs. Bolsover, poor thing, after weep ing herself into a condition of nervons exhaustion, had dropped into an uneasy slumber. It was broken by strange dreams Iu tbeir respective rooms Mis9 Martha Paunceford and Arthur Bolsover still sat by the fire, lost in thought. The death of the head of the house affected the destiny of each. Both were now set free to go their own way and please themselves : a contingency simply un dreamed of as long as the tyrannical rule of Mr. Bolsover had lasted. Miss Pannceford had been his ward, enjoying hitherto bnt a very slender in come. She was not to come into the bulk of her property until her thirtieth year, to which she was now close. Mr. Bolsover had been at no pains to conceal that he shonld like her to marry Arthur. The yonng man, however, showed no eagerness to meet these views ; and Miss Pannceford (who, when she had nothing else to be prond of, had piqued herself on common sense) possibly disgusted at her cousin's coldness, had done a very foolish thing. She had clandestinely engaged herself to the greatest ne'er-do- weel in Barminster, and met him in secret with the zest of seventeen. She had seen him this very afternoon. He had stolen in the dnsk through the shrubbery aud the garden to hold cou- veree with her at the deserted study- window. Thev had been disturbed hv annroach- ing footsteps, aud Miss Paunceford had fled, as she now remembered, without shutting the window. She began drowsily to wonder whether anyone had shut it later — whether she should go down to see; and while thns wondering she dropped asleep in her chair. Arthur Brilsover had other thoughts ; yet they also ended In a love reverie. He had been looking over letters and papers of a date long past, and they had revealed to his knowledge many things which he had only gnessed at. Very E resent to his mind was poor Ned Havi- ind, that cousin of his father's, once bo bright and happy, who had suddenly left Barminster to plunge into the seething straggle,' the vice and misery of London : only to be heard of again years after-, wards, when a paragraph in a newspaper stated that he had been picked up from under the wheels of a cab, aud carried, maimed and wounded, to a hospital. Arthnr recollected this circumstance and the stir which it made in Barminster, where Haviland was still pitying by re membered by some of the friends of his youth. These bad come forward and made np a snm of money, which they sent to the injured man ; only, however, to have it returned to them by one of the officials of the hospital, who stated that ' Mr. Haviland refused to accept it.' Mr. Bolsover had been bitterly cen sored for refusing to subscribe one penny to this little fund, and Arthur, though only a boy at the time, could recall the look of gloom and hatred that came into his father's eyes whenever Ned's name was mentioned. A little later some per son of more benevolence than discretion had inquired of Mr. Bolsover for news of Haviland, and been curtly answered that he was dead. All this, and more, Arthur revolved in sorrow and ahame, for with in the past hour he had learnt beyond the possibility of donbting that his father had behaved towards his kinsman with a black and base ingratitnde. Had he felt remorse ! Arthur wondered. Was it the memory or a great service wmcn ne nan never rewarded that had cast snch a shadow over his latter years ; made him bo silent aud reserved ; haunted him al ways like a spectre of the paet, and ex plained, perhaps, some of the eccentricties which for years before his death were rapidly gaining for him the reputation of semi-madness ? Oh ! for one moment in which to speak to the dead — to lift the veil that shrouded that inscrutable, silent mind ; to penetrate the secret of its straggles ; perhaps, with wider comprehension, to feel able to pity and forgive ! Vain long ing! felt through countless generations by the side of every grave, and destined tbns to be felt to the end. Arthnr roused himself with a sigh. All at once some sof'er thought cauie iuto bis mind, and brought a tender smile to his lips. He put his hand into his breast-pocket and drew out the portrait of a young girl — a lovely, wistfnl little face that looked at him with sweet, con fiding eyes. 'My darling,' mnrmnrmed Arthnr, ' our sad days are over now. No more hardship — no more toil.' And then he turned back to the old letters. He was interrnped by a shriek — a cry of wildest terror, that rang through every corner of the silent house. Arthur thought it came from near his mother's room, on the floor below his own. To rash to the door end downstairs was the work of an instant. He was joined on his way by Martha — no whit less scared than himself Above and below doors were opening and gnests and servants alarmedly peering On the long and broad landing in front of her own bedroom — a landing fitfully illumined only by the waning moon as it emerged at intervals from heavy banks of clouds and ponred its light through one unshottered window, Mrs. Bolsover was stretched in a death like funk They lifted her and carried her to the bed — chafed her hands, bathed her temples. At last she noclosed her eyes, looked abont her wildly and gasped : ' Where is he ? Has he spoken V 'He? "Who? My dear mother, what has alarmed yon V inquired Arthur tenderly. Her trembling hands closed round his, and she answered hoarsely : 1 It was yonr father, Arthur. I awoke suddenly with a strange feeling of alarm. I felt I could not be longer alone, and got up to go to Martha's room. As I reached this door I saw your father. I saw him leave the dressing-room and go downstairs in the direction of his study ' She stopped shndderingly, and several of her hearers drew together with looks aDd words of alarm. Every morning Mr. Bolsover had risen at dawn to go to his study ; and there was not one member of his household but could realize with terrifying vividness the scene described by the widow. ' It was a dream,' said Arthur, sooth ingly. ' Or a burglar, perhaps,' suggested the practical voice of Mr. Fuljambe from the doorway. ' I should search the houBe.' Miss Paunceford glided swiftly away. She recollected the window left open by herself in the stady, and was anxious to close it before the butler should arrive aud have his reminiscences aroused or ideas stirred up. If he really bad seen her talking to a man, and happened to mention it; an awkward cross-examination would be the result, and her reputation for comm-m-sease be rudely and prema turely destroyed. The window was open ; she hastily shut it ; then met the others at the d >r and said carelessly : ' There is no sign of disturbance here.' Nor was there anywhere, although the house was searched from top to bottom. The dressing-room itself was examined ; the coffin was undisturbed ; and of all the objects of value scattered on the toilet-table bat one was found missing — namely, a carious old cornelian ring that Mr. Bolsover had worn always. ' No burglar wonld take that and leave the rest, so it has doubtless rolled away somewhere,' said Mr. Foljambe, who by this time had adopted Arthur's idea of a dream, and was anxious to return to .his 'warm bed. But Mrs. Bolsover maintained that it was no dream that she had seen the spirit of her dead husband. She was not left alone that night. The next day the fnneral was cele brated with befitting state, and on the following morning Bolsover's bank, closed the day of the fnneral, opened its doors again to the public. Arthur went down early, signed a few letters, transacted -some necessary busi ness ; and harried away at ten o'clock, partly because he had argent need to go to London, partly because he wished to avoid Mr. Littlejohn, the cashier, who, after a mouth's illness, was returning later that morning to the bank. ' You must pnt off the poor old fellow with as plausible a story as yon can,' said the yonng man to bis chief clerk. ' The news of my father's death must be broken to him by degrees. He will see the cheques signed by me of course — so just say that my father has been ailing. And do caution all the clerks not to let the truth slip out suddenly, for the shock might kill Littlejohu, with his weak heart. It iB his having been away at the time that will try him ' Arthur departed. Shortly afterwards Mr. Littlejohn appeared — a small, wizened, punctilious little man, looking tinier and dryer than ever after his late illness. He had not many ideas- — his mind being mostly furnished with led gers — bnt he had one creed, one faith, <uiu uuc rengiuu, ana uat was an uncon- querable devotion to Mr. Bolsover. He was afraid of him, of coarse, as everybody had been, bnt anything so blasphemous as disapproval of his master never crossed Mr. Littlejohn'e mind. In a feeble way he imitated his chief, glar ing as sternly as he conld at the clerks, talking to them abont nothing but busi ness, and never asking them a -question if it conld possibly be avoided. They watched him with curiosity on this morniug when he returned to the Bank, and after the manner of their kind, took a certain grim pleasure in his glance of surprise at not nccing Mr. B»l»->ver, aud bis start of amazemen at recigniriug Arthur's signature on the ch qut-a. ' The governor's aw«y,' said the youngest and most flippant of the clerks ' Has lef Mr. Arthur in charge. Gone off on unavoidable business, I should say.' Mr. Littlejohn cleared hie throat a little nervously. He was very much astonished, but ' would have died - just then rather than ask a question ; and was so mnch bent on concealing his own feelings that he failed to note the ehoul- like amusement depicted on the counte nances of the clerks. He worked in his routine fashion all day, but was strangely pnt out by the absence of his master, and what with that and his recent illness, he felt weak in the head and confused. He eat in his own den — next the master's private room, end his only companion was toe youngest of his subordinates, Mr. Capper: the youth who had communicated to him the news of the ' Governor's' absence. The other clerks were in the big middle room, where they waylaid all customers and impressed on these that the cashier was to hear no word as yet of the death of Mr. Bolsover. In fact they kept business from him as much as they could ; which was for tunate for' Mr. Littlejohn, as otherwise he never could have remained at his post to the end. For he felt with hnmiliation that he was far feebler than he thought. His head was buzzing — his heart gave little warning knocks at intervals, and his eyes were even dimmer than usual. At all times he had wretched sirht heinir obliged to wear one sort of glasses for writing and another sort for seeing any one half a yard off The day was horribly dark and dreary, and the gas had to be lighted at three o'clock, but Btill Mr. Littlejohu plodded on, blinking at his figures and adding them up, while secretly, half uncon sciously wearying all the timefor.the sight of his chiefs stern face. He did not — although quite unaware of relaxing In any way — keep nearly as sharp a look out as usual over the clerks ; and Mr. Cspper for once took advantage of thU to sit with his back turned to the old fellow, and became absorbed in the pages of a very amusing novel. Half-past four. Mr. Littlejohn cleared his throat again. He conld hold out no longer : he must ask one question. ' Will Mr. Bolsover soon be home, do yon know V 'Eh ! what? home? Oh! to-nightor to- morrow, I believe,' airily responded Mr. Capper, who had not the faintest idea of what he had been asked. Fresh silence ensued, broken only by the faint scratching of Mr. Littiejohn's pen — the furtive turning of the la»ves of Mr. Capper's book. ' To night or to-morrow morning.' Then the next day Mr. B dsover womd be at the Btuk. This was the cashier's though, and he felc strangely glad ; his hem even b-at a Ibtle quicker. . Over the desk where be sat, as over t i at occupied by Mr. Capper, a lamp covered by a large green shade made a wide circle of light, but the rest of the room was iu semi-darkness, and no point was so obscure as the door which led into the principal's private room. All at once Mr. Littljohn heard a sound there — a familiar Blight creaking of the hinges, and looking op qnickly, and peering into the shadow, he beheld a well-known tall figure, with a long grey beard and a soft felt hat pulled low over its brows ; the figure of his master. ' Mr. Bolsover ! I am glad to aee you, sir,' said the littie cashier, his voice quavering with eagerness and almost soundless ; somewhat breathless too from the quickened beating of Ms heart. He half rose but had to eit down again quickly, for his head swam and his sight felt more dim than ever. It did not strike Mm as at all etxange that Mr. Bolsover made no reply, for he wee a silent man at the best of times. Beside®, he might have answered, only Mr. Littlejohn could not hear very well just then because of the surging in his ears. Silently the figure stretched ont its thin white hand, adorned with the cor nelian ring, and laid a cheque on the desk in front of Mr. Littlejohn : then drew back some paces into the shadow, as though annoyed by the glare of the lamp, a thing not to be wondered at when you have just emerged from dark ness. Mr. Littlejohn made out the amount of the cheque, which wag drawn and signed by Arthur, and at first, was sur prised at its magnitude — £5000. On reflection, however, he felt confirmed in a suspicion that had crossed his mind several times that day — namely, that Mr. Boleover had gone away on business connected with some investment. Mr. Littlejohn even fancied he knew what it was, and thought £5000 a very well- chosen sum for that purpose. To get the bundle of notes out of the iron safe was the work only of a few moments, and Mr. Littlejohn, returning to his desk, connted them ont before bis master, the latter standing motionless all the time, except for the nervous move ment of one hand. With the thumb he kept moving the cornelian ring on the little finger backward and forward nDtil at last the ring flew ofij alighted on the ueea, reDoanaea trom tnence ana teu to the ground. Mr. Littlejohn — although to do so made his head much worse — stooped to pick the ring up — fumbled about after it for a moment — found it and, looking np to restore it to the owner, discovered that the figure with the grey beard and the soft felt bat had vanished as noiselessly as it had come. But it bad carried the notes away with it. Mr. Capper at the same moment having finished a par ticularly thrilling chapter, became aware that something unusual had been going forward, and looked, round with his ordinary happy insouciance But he saw nothing except that poor old Littlejohn, very pale, was sitting with his head sup ported by his hand, and holding out a cornelian ring, which gave Mr. Capper an odd little start when he recognized it. ' I— I don't feel very well,' said the cashier. ' Will you please take this ring back to Mr. Bolsover.' Mr. Capper stared. Was the poor old man raving 1 ' Mr. Bolsover V he uttered. 'Yes,' said Littlejohn dreamily, for everything in the room was beginning to dance before bis eyes. ' He was here this moment, getting a cheque cashed.' 'My goodness!' ejaculated Mr. Cap per, starting from his stool, aDd then standing speechless, his eyes dilating, and beads standing on his forehead. 'It couldn't have been Bolsover.' Littlejohn looked at him with some impatience. ' Is it so strange,' he said icily, ' that Mr. Bolsover should come into bis own bank, and cash a cheque V This was too much for Capper. Sur prise and terror robbed him of prudence. He could not stand there aod listen to such ghastly nonsense. \- j. uai s gooa ; ne exclaimed ironically. Strange ? Uncommonly strange, I should say, as the governor was buried yesterday.' Mr. Littlejohn seemed to gather him self up with one greateffort as he listened. He rose slowly to hie feet ; fixed eyes of mad, beseeching anguish on the eager young face before him, then gave a stifled cry, threw his hands out despairingly, and dropped so the floor. The news of Mb master's death had killed him ! m. What excitement reigned in the bank, and later in. Barminster! When Mr. Capper, pale as a sheet, stuttered out the tale to bis fellow clerks in the next room and the few customers present, they thought at first he had gone mad. But there, on poor old Littlejohn'a desk, lay the cheque of which all had heard, and the cornelian ring which all recognised. The very fact of Mr. Capper himself having been in the same room with the apparition and yet hearing and perceiving nothing seemed another eapernatnral ele ment in the strange and incredible story. Like widfire the news spread. Added to what had been seen by Mrs. Bolsover, it was supernatnrally strange. Then Mr. Gerridge, although half incredulous, came forward to say he bad seen the ghost in the train. And the ticket- collector swore to it also, and a cow-boy declared that in the grey dawn he had met the late Mr. Bolsover striding acrosB the fields that led to another railway station, and had been so frightened that he ran miles away. Lovers of the super natural, who were just as numerous iD Barminster as elsewhere, had a rare harvest Arthur was telegraphed for from London, and arrived with all speed, looking very grave and stern. Of course, there were some minds wMch inclined to a natural explanation, and desiring that Arthur should put the matter in the hands of the police. Among theBe was Mr. Feilding, who was remain ing in the town for a few days. ' I saw no ghost in the railway carriage,' he said. ' In fact I hardly remember that there was anybody but Gerridge and myself there. But of course I take his word for there having been a man pre sent who wore a felt hat and had a long beard, and (unfortunately) must have heard our conversation. That young fool, Capper, admits now that he waB reading a novel which absorbed all his attention at the rime the cheqne was cashed : and as for poor old Littlejohn, we all know he was blind. The evi dence of the ticket-collector and the cow:boy, if it be worth anything at all, carries out the idea that somebody was personating your father. Under these circumstances, my dear Bolsover, X can not conceive why you do not take measures to have the offender discovered if possible.' Arthur seemed unwilling to answer, but at last said reluctantly : 'There is so much that is mysterious in the business. When can the cheqne have been ab- tracted I From the moment that she herself laid it on my father's hands, until the lid of the coffin was nailed down, my mother never left the room,' 'The cheqae cashed by Littlejohn may have been forged,' said Mr. Feild ing. ' No. It was the same cheqne.' aaid Arthur. ' Humph !' said Mr. Feildiog, for the first time rather staggered. ' So you believe in the ghost !' Bat to this Arthur made no reply, and his visitor put an ecd to the con versation. ' That young Bolsover has some reason for his conduct,' he said later to Mr. Gerridge 'There positively are moments when I think heeot the cheque cashed himself-' ' ImDoesible,' said Mr. Gerridge. ' I have been talking about it to Miss Paunceford, who says that nobody but herself aod ber aunt was present when the cheqne was put in the coffin, and they saw the lid nailed down almost immediately afterwards.' ' Without quitting the room in the interval f ' Yea' And out of this circle there was no getting, though the whole town talked and talked and started evety possible theory, one more extraordinary and fan tastic than the other. Meanwhile Arthur Bolsover went quietly about bis usual avocations, ap- pareiui reutsucu uiuueu iu tuc ivna vi £5000, and iu a short time took another journey to London. IV. A little room in London. To enter it seemed at first like a glimpse of en chantment, so striking was the contrast which it made with the squalor aod the dreariness of the dripping streets. For the only tenant of the room was a yonng girl — pale, sad-looking, hut exquisitely pretty — who was busily engaged binding into garlands and sprays a wreath of lovely hot-house blossoms which lay heaped on wet moss in front of ber. The Parma violets, the roseB, tnberoses, and japonicas made a glory of fragrance and colour in the lowly room. Lrowly it was, yet pretty also, as far as neatness and taste and care can redeem a too evident poverty. A bright fire burned in the tiny grate ; and curled up iu the centre of the hearthrug lay a lordly Persian cat — a superb creature, which seemed to be condescendingly m&lriog; the best of its , humble surroundings. The last wreath was finished, and the youug girl had spoken to herself : ' Now I wonder if the boy will let them fade before he fetches them ' — when the sonnd of a step on the stairs brought a vivid colour to her cheeks and a look of breathless expectation to her eyes. A knock at the door. She flew to wards it, bat had hardly time to cry ' Come in ' when it opened to admit Arthur Bolsover. ' You 1' 6he cried in surprise, yet with unspeakable gladness. He drew her towards Mm aud kissed her before be answered. ' I saw no reason why I should not present myself here boldly now. I am uicu u1 waulug auuuu vuiu6io w uattu fugitive glimpse of you. Bath. Besides, I wished to speak frankly at last to your father." ' He is still away,' she said, sorrow fully. A curiouB expression crossed Arthur's face but instead of relying to her observation he looken at the flowerB and said lightly : ' Why, what is this ? Has Hafiz been whisked off in the night in the lap of some witch mounted on a broomstick, and did he bring yon all these treasures from his native land of the sun ?' ' No. The explanation is more prosaic. Some florists at theWestEnd recognised a talent for mounting flowers in your humble servant ; and pay me rather handsomely for a delightful occupation. ' Rather handsomely ! Sixpence an hour, I suppose, and you toil at these all the evening, after running about to teach all day. Well, thaDk heaven those days are over, Ruth,' Arthur said fervently. ' Over V repeated Ruth dreamily. ' You mean that you are free now : but there is there is still my father's consent to win.' 'And you think he will hate me al ways because I am my father's son 1 Poor old man 1 I have discovered to my sorrow ana my sname tttat He bad better cause for Ms enmity than I ever before guessed,' said Arthur sadly. He drew her to a seat near the fire and sat down beside her, holding her little hand in his, and carressing it softly while he spoke : ' You know the sad story in part, Ruth, my darliDg, although you have been too kind and generous ever to tell it to me. When I tried to argue that yonr father's hatred of mine was perhaps exaggerated and misplaced yon never contradicted me. But now I have learnt the truth. I know that u their child hood and early ynnth our fathers loved one another like brothers, and that once when at school my father's life was saved by the courage and devotion of yours. This service should never have been for gotten, whatever happenedin after years; but, alas ! when the two young men were grown np, jealonBy came between tbem, for they both loved the same woman, and their friendship was changed to enmity. All this you know probably ; and also that the Havilande, being as wild and extravagant as the Bolsovers were hard and close-fisted, the latter, through a succession of mortgages, be came possessed of all their kinsman's land. My grandfather foreclosed at last, and then by a strange, unlucky chance witiiin a very hoars after the transfer of the property, a lead mine was discovered on the Havilaod property, which — had he only known of it sooner — would have enabled your grandfather to pay the mortgage three times ovejr.' 'All tins I have heard,' interposed Rath softly, ' X know, too, that as soon as he learnt the existence of the mine, my grandfather entreated old George Bolsover to give him at least £5,000, and this prayer wbb denied. But these things are past now, Arthur. What do these dead-and-goue enmities matter to yon and to me 7 ' I should lik« to tell yon everything,' arid Arthur. ' It seems to me a Iriud of expiation to do so. My father remained deaf to their «<»'«", Rath, but I do believe that remorse for his own ingrati tude embittered his after life. Daring the closing tnonthB ot his existence he was stern and silent, inscrutable to the strangest degree! I have told you already of the singular clause in bis wi)L The sum he named — £5,000 — strikes me as suggested to him by the memory of the appeal which he had once so cruelly spurned. Heaven knows what strange, distorted form the idea my have taken in Ms warped and failing brain ; but he might have thought that by ordering the sum to be buried with Mm, and thus sterilising it, be wouid remove some curse that might otherwise have clung to his descendants.' 'No corse would ever have dung to you,' said Ruth. Arthur bent his head with a kind of passionate humility. ' Then you forgive ob f be said. 1 Yon forgive your father's wasted life and your own youth of toil and privation f ' We shall never have to forgive but always to love one another, I hope,' she answered tenderly. ' But my poor father ! Is it not strange how the idea of wringing those miserable £5,000 out of lus uiw cucuij bccqicu w uaic mzvu possession of Mm just doting the last few weeks 1 I tried to dissuade him from going to Barminster, when he heard of the death, but my prayers were no nse. I longed to tell him of you, Arthur, and to promise in yonr name that one day, all the wrong should be righted. Per haps now, when he comes back aud sees you, and is told everything, we may per- Buade Mm to bury Ms hatred in your father's grave,' ' God grant it !' said the young man. But Ms face wore a troubled look ; and he added, almost speaking to himself : 'X wish be were at home again V ' And £ 1' cried Ruth. ' Think how I wish it ! All these lonely evenings I have been wearying for Mm as I sat here with no company bnt Hafiz, while work ing at my flowers.' ' Tell me,' said Arthur, ' did your father mean to go anywhere but to Barminster V She shook her head sorrowfully. ' He had barely money enongh even for that one journey, more especially as by a curious freak he chose to go first-class ; I accompanied him to the train. I can not think why he does not return. And be must be absolutely in waDt of food, unless ' She stopped abruptly, turning a little pale, and the tone of her last words changed to a cadence of paio. ' My dear, do not think of that,' said Arthur, soothing. But the fear which had occnned to her found an echo in his own heart. For poor Ned Haviland bad of late years songht a refuge in opium-eating from the ills of poverty aod helpessuess and the agony of an incurable disease ; and when the craving took him, which was only at intervals, he would leave his home and remain in hidinu somewhere for days. He had been better daring the last few months, and Ruth had been happier about Mm. While patient and courageous and loving always, she had never known what it was to be positively happy nutil the day when a strange chance led to her meeting Arthur Bol sover at the house of one of her pnpils. He had been struck by her name, and was interested in her for her beauty and her charm. Hen began the little idyl which for a whole year had secretly brightened both their lives. Ruth dared as little speak of Mm to her father as Arthur ventured to Mnt at her existence to Mr. Bolsover : but they met in secret when they could : they were both young, and they felt they could afford to wait. ' There he is !' suddenly cried Bath, springing up, her quick ear having again canght the sound of a step on the stairs. The footfall stumbled. She gave a scared look, aud rushing to the door threw it open. On the threshold, gaunt, and spectral-looking from want of food and mental struggle, stood Haviland ; and Arthur, although prepared for the resemblance, could not help staring at the extraordinary although superficial likeness between him and Ms father. They were of the same height and build, and wore the same lone iron- crev beard ; while the resemblance was strangely heightened by an accidental similarity of costume. The shabby ulster aud soft felt hat were natural enough garments for poor Ned Haviland to wear, although they had seemed oddly out of place in Barminster when worn by the rich Mr. Bolsover. ' You are ill, papa,' said Ruth, ten derly, while his anxious eyes scanned Ms haggard face ' Sit down ; and see — here is a friend.' JUVUUT uiuvcu lurwaru, UI'L no BOODer did Haviland look at Mm than he shrank backwards with a gesture of terror. Doubtless he had caught eight of Arthur at Barminster, and now recognised him. 'The money was mine — mine by right 1' he cried ont hoarsely, io tones of mingled alarm and rage. ' I could not wrest it from Mm living : I took it from Mac, dead : and I did it — for her !' With a movement of yearning appeal he indicated Rath, then swaying sudden ly forward, he fainted. 'Oh, what does it all mean?' cried Ruth, terrified, eb she sank on her knees beside the insensible form. ' Hush ! it means notMng that you need fear, Ruth, said Arthur and, Catherine the Door, thin form in his strong arms, he laid it gently on a coucb. Medical aid was brought, and the best of nourishment adminstered. But Havi land, although he lingered for some days, never rallied or recovered enongh con sciousness even to recognise his daughter. She found the bank-notes on him, and dimly gneming what she feared to express, she would have given them to Arthur. But he said, gently : 'They are yours, Ruth. Do ' not ask any ques tions now. Later on yon shall know as mnch as I can tell you.' For of course the actual details of the theft : the moment in which the idea of it took form in HavBaud's weakened brain : the precise manner in which he execnted it ; were a mystery still and have so remained to tbis day. Toe pro- : bability was (bat, bearing tbe canons proviso mentioned in tbe railway car riage, be had entered the boose stealthily, was hidden behind the beavy curtains when Mrs. Bolsover placed the cheqae in the cofifin, and at once took it ont, and made good bis escape later. And although when, some months later, Arthor Bolsover took Ms bride to Barminster and introduced her as poor Ned Havilaod's daughter, Mr. Gerridge thought he began to see daylight in a very obscure business, he did not com- municate his suspicions to auyone ; and for lovers of the supernatural there is no more thrilling or inexplicable instance of their theories to be adduced, than the story of how £5000 were spirited away some years ago by the ghost at Bol- sover's Bank. 