; BENT, BUT NOT BROKEN. S'CO APTnER VIII.-- oninued. ^ .iTotally. ignorarr.of'thIe love that ex .i'se'd betweten'Lilian and Burnfield, the ?pCltain iasked if she knew the brave -i;fellow who hiad receritly saved the child wihen the riveriwas in flood ? ?::i.T;;ilan '.blushcd w while her brother, little Tommy, answered the' Capt ina's "qiiory--' Sir, it , was .Alan Burnfield, our Lilias sweethert.:.. , Ti: li an, gently chid her pratiing, -'rother ,for; bis forwardness. S-Y?,es,' she' replied, addressing :1the ', i nCaptain-'yes, sir, -it w.as Birn :;:field who saved the. sweet' child's life. i-He is an intrepid and excellent young S;man. , "?:.iThe Cl.ptain now lilushed in his t?ii'urn. He foned that he had touched a delicate chord of a heart that loved, ;-'i:::::f'He was not aware of havi-ig a rival, ;.nor tilltliat moment th.,t he was pro ::fouudly in love. ':'; The mentioning of Burofield's.name, "':of course, threw aim into a very un ''pleasaat position, from which he did {'.'not know how to extricate himself. :.ilian saw his whole he irt, and the \--.tenrder confusion of its feelings, and she 'biJ'ushed and smiled. ti:; the -,Captain's vight . hand, on- a ^'n.ftfictltable, lay a large quarto volume of ~ i.;tcanq.al' plates;, which Lilian · had i.datoly been, colouring,'.: I 'tiL-fhe: relieved the Captain: from his ,tsem'?.rrassment by asking his opiaion of ;tHio plates. He turned . over several leaves -of.the. volume with i'ather 'an -.agribiated hand, and tastefully expressed ad'his' atonishment at' seeing -the tints ^ and-i:shadings so strikingly like the i iituril .flowers.. Oitle aisame table also were lying a few originl drawings, one of which--a d laiidscape--F articularly-' attracted t.he ~;iCaptiin's attention. i. ?¥1hy, 'Miss Henderson,' Ihe ex-; i {'lamied, with pleasire, 'thi.is. a, view "fo~ y"villa from .thie waterfall!' , : . K:-c',Ycs':sir, ' said. tIlefair artistismilikg 'Il -i .oestly.: ., i .'- ^^ " ," :.:" .-!: - ,...-.': :Lilian, hthhous ugl: s ght a mado d ,-liconsiderabile prog' essiin thejheart. :.., h lal' ndsap. is ? :i uestion v was:the s:la??at".?workcf hfler pencil.': , '. ^-.-:·l'togetheri it is an: admirable ;ictur.,':said, the Cap!ain.' I: wish; l is'.iriHoendcrson, 'I coud s. say,',,' That ':';Siu yu haive s id it :The laud-. .'' scape yisylurs, s?aid 'the generous' and ,o" ly .artist;, -.iighly plea-ed with .his § ;citi-cism;on ier periorminance. '. STi%'TheiCaptainrithanked her, and at the 'sami'e time ' drew a smadll :gold :watch ot1froi.ohisi vest pocket, and. presented it tW1Lilian, 'She' moiestly declined to accept it, sfiyin'g, biir, it will ill become a plain -gcountry girl'to..wear such an article of '-~it'uei:':-:A 'censorious world has already 'heotii'too iusy, with my name, to the ijiury' of: my. reputation. I must' not provok6.ifs malevolence. I would be ' ie:highest degree imprudent. !:i; ' resnpct t;.he, feeling that prompts you, i'.Miss Hendoerson, Bso to speak; ri:'t r oinambei, I do'not offer yfu this trifle:for:.riotling, nor from any bhd mioti?6t~.' 'Yodi have generously given \- "ieihateI'eaosteem more than an equiva lent-.' n: morc, than one account, it is. ..':areri0 .to me. thtan anything I could give.: :;If' is a sweet transcript, or rather thi'epdoetry of the scene nin hich' Ilave "lchosen to reside for' the remaining days \- fijife; life' Above all, it ispoQurtraycd iy.'.the ic-liC l which :is guided by the ifiarouiit .halind,. atd a mnirl of the fifni.'t. itast.: . WVhat I no\ offer you,. .ieas'Hendersbn,'cotinuiied tho Oaptaii, '.is'not al' all, meant as -a price for the ',biting,.?biut he reward of genius.' .I??a:s. if .it did not .flatter, at least 'lin ier::iiceptanac of thecgold repeater, bhioch~h?e'.took into herl fair hand, and '.:, ,"" ' -r - ' "- .'- -. " ,{ :?.? : . . .. . , , laid into a small casket thllat lay on the table beside her drawings.: The Captain now prasented his hand to" Lilian, and asked, 'When shall I have thle' pleasure, the. liappiness, Miss Heniidersoi,; of seeing you at hiy place with your father ?' Lilian had not time tbo answer the Oaptaii' when Alan Burnpfield passed the- wiodow, with all.l ,ii fishing gear about Iilim. He' had bceon very successful, and was coneqluently happy and in high spirits, anticipating thatsweet ieception from.Lilian which love had pantted to his mind's eye as he traversed the windings of the stream from ealy dawn.'. All was qluint around and within the hIouse. Alan's heart'. beat, thrilled with ecstasy, thinking that he would find Lilian alone. He tapped gently at the door. Thle welcome' Come in 1' was Lilian's well-known voice, which, to his ear, 'was sweeter than the ripple of the waters. i t would, perhaps, require the united genius of both the painter, and the poet to.d, scribe the feelings of Burnfield, as he stod on'. the thlreshol, and beheld a tallh nob e-looking fellow staiding.bc -ide Lilian, and setmingly on the happiest terms. with her, and holding her favourite and best painting in his hand. The youth's. evil genius seemed to whisper into his ear that Lilian was loved \by the happy man on whom he looked, aud that she .returned his love with eqlual warmth; in fact, that, he, was now an intruder Lilian saw his emotion; and, with the .kiudes, loveliest smile, offered him her haind. ::He received it with a coldness that thrilled her suseeptible heart, and for..a monient its feelings, wre.a little dis ordered. Her hand involuntarily dropped out of his. She addiressed the CSaptain. 'This, sir, is tile gillan~t youth who saved Heilen Fairfield a child.' SThe Captain presented his hand to 'Burnfield, who accepted it ratheir as that of a foe than a friend. The Captain, however, paid him a high comi'liment on his ceurage, to which Alan gave no attention; but turned to Lilian, seized her hand, while his heart throbbed as though it would bilrst, and said; with a v'oic? that pre dicted some wild,.resolutione, Lilian; farewell!' a n Not another word passed. He 'kissed hi~er hiand, and left the house in a state of mind not tobe de scribed. Lilian's'heart, asit were, followed Alan, for whom her sympathy and love 'wero'obvious to COptain Graham, and hlie regretted having' called at such an unseasonable time. Lilian seemed averse to further con versation ; but said she was rather diiplease'l with the incivility bf Bu n field, as she had a particular respect for him, and admired his talents, which she thouaht'were rather above mediocrity. Owing to the tale of Lilian's feel ings, the'Captaind, emed it improp'er to prolong his st.ay. Still he hesitaled to go. SThere was a sentiment on his lips to which he \'as afraid to gived'".utteraince He took her hand;' .. 'I have seen, Mli.,s Hendersoni, your attachmeot to the youth who ihas just left us, apparently in a state of great, if not dangerous excitement. The. at. tachment is strong--it' is lbve! Miss Henderson, you love--you aie beloved. In suchl circumstances, it would indeed be absurd, impertinent, to say that another loves you." SAs the Captaifi thus' expressed .him self; which was doriewiith all the -ten derness of a 'noble heart, Liliin's: hand would have di;ooped out of his, which felt, and with gentle force held, and pressed to his glowing lips. 'I will not, Miss Henderson, profane the sacredness of your sentiments by expressing mine! No; they sball re main locked in this' breast-perhaps for ever ! But surely you will make me so far happy as to prmis myfri.ndship, and faviour .us occasionklly with your' h appy company?' : r'Yes, sir,' replied the maiden; ' yes,. sirfthe frienodship of such a gentleman must be invaluable to anyone, and I feel proud of, it. But, Captain Graham, I wish now to be alone.' TLey pa ted, mathally delighted with each; oher, and under circumstances aiand feelings with: which we must sup posethe (reader to be already conver sant. CHAPTER IX. Lilian was noir alone Helr thoughts were of Allen Burnfield, whose parting .wordsvibrated ominously on her ear and in her heart. 'These is something in his farewell,' said she to herself, 'which terrifies me to think of. There w?ias a .coldness, a determination in his aspect which per haps said,. ' Wo'shall never meet again!' Blut I am innocent. I gave him no cause to tbtake offence ; yet he appeared Stobe niuch offended. Can it be be cause tMis. Gr'hanmhappened to be pre sent?. If so; it wves unmanly and un worthy of Alan. I did not seek the iantervie?w;:. Still, I could wish it had not beet n Oli,' Alan ! 'thou knowest not my heart--its love, its devotedness to'thee!' Lilian's melancholy was of that felicitous, -eflective kind which .'rather soothes and elevates than depressesithe intellectual powers. This medicative melancholy was to Lilian as cheerfulness . was' to her sprightlier sister. She was happiest when it 'predomin ated in her mind, for she, then' triumphed alone over' alll the' vauitis and false pleasures of'this world, and it was iu this mood in which she :could most enjoy the beauty of NatuiB:e::: . At some distance froi the fari: stood the ruins of what at an i:early .peiriod had been the stronghold of some fcudai baron. Lilian hbd fi'equently viewed the ruius'in almost all its aspects, and con eluded that it woald be a good subject for her Fpencil. Being, as Slie thoight in a fit vein now to meditate and sketch such a pic ture, she went forth and walked to wards the dilapidated fortalice. As she approached it, the round clear moon flung a soft silvery light over the time-eaten dark gray tutrets of the mouldering battlements. Lilian had often seen the old oastle in its d.,y aspect, but never to such advantage as now, in its moonlit sub limity, She was altogether charmed with the congenial grandeur of the scene, mellowed as it was by the moon light flickering. on, and,.as it were, through the bare rils of the sceptre towers, which mrado them appear as if nodding to their fall. 'Ihe stillness of the'hour, broken now and then by the wild screech:of the. sblita'ry:owl, the bat making its gyrations -around her, with the dark fearful. legends of the place in vivid gloominess of portraiture before her imagination, n:ded greatly to-'the effect which the scene produc d on Lilian's-pensive mibd. As she sat on a mossy trunk of a fallen tree, within a bow-shot of the ruin, studying what would give t?e greatest effect to her projected picture, which she intended should have some resemblance" to the: darknees of dis app ,inted love, the figure of a stately youth stepped- abruptly and rapidly from a broken archway from the centre of the castle, the sudden and expected apparance of which checked the maiden's meditations. Still, she was colleotdd. At a small distance whence the figure-came, it made a quick halt, as if arrested by supernatural power. ' Merciful Heavent' exclaimQd Liliani 'ivhat can this mean? It is Alan Burnfield1! What sekshel in such a place, when be should be at home ? Why, if he sees me. does he not speak ? And yot I think he looks at me. ,I shall speak to liim. He is gone! Yet I did not see how, or when he dis appeared'! Surely it was the vision of a dr ,.a m . At this fearful moment, a voice from another 'quiarter cried. 'Is that you, Lilian ? " It was the welcome voice of her sister, Nina, who, with Charlie Night shade, had come to look.for Lilian. SLilian imimediatcly communicated-to her sister what she hasd just witnessed. Nina was almost .terrified out of her senses at the sequel; while Charlie, who had listened' with a vorancious ear to the strange tale, said,'If there be such a thing as a ghost in the .old castle I shall soon know, and don't be at all afraid about it.' With that, Charlie. boldly stalked away, and heroically entered the sombre ruin by the ghostly arch through which the apparition had made his appearance. The maidens stood closely together, holding each other by" the, hand till Charlie sh6uld return, which he did in a short time. ' Now, my pretty girls,' said Charlie, 'I have searched every nook and corner of the castle, and there is nothing there except the owv and jackdaw; and they could not frighten anyone.' Lilian loved Burnfield with all her heart. Shie was confident she had seen him come out of the archway. and was therefore very unwilling to leave the place,: ':After all, obs6rvedr Nine, 'it. may not have been any person. You have only fancied so,: Lilian, and your imagination turned it into Burnfield, from the perturbed stite of your feelings' in having parted with him this after noon mn a way so col trary to the feel ings of both.': 'It wias no illusion, Nina; no hallucination,' replied Lilian. 'I saw Alan as real as I ever saw him in my life.' "Tis strangely mysterious!' said Nina. 'There is something in it which I cannot understand. I have seldom known you wrong in your assertions, and you are not in the 'least supersti tious.' Ohirlie, seeing Lilian's reluctance to depart, now offered to go and search the room a second time. ' No,' said Nina, ' we shall go home ; and Charlie, you must accompany us,' STo this Charlie,' glally assented,. saying,, 'As long as my right arm keeps its strength and my stick is whole,' neither man nor beast nor ghiost por devil shall come near you.' Oharlie was a noble fellowin' his waiy, and was not a littlii proud of his guardianship.. He -was all' eye, and kept a sharp look-out around.. Ho was as faithful as a dog to a kind mastei. Sometimes he was iii front and some times behind his fair charges,- beating down the.firze bushes on every side with his cudgel. " , In, this way Charlie escorted the maidens till they were hailed near the farm by the- kind voice of their 'father. On the following morning, as William Renderson was occupied in gathering stones from off his land to repihir a' brolken part of a border fence of his liitle:farm;, old George Brown who had been at the wood gathering the broken withered branches of the trees, came across the fields towards William. n, who, by George's appearance readily guessed that he. had s'omething of an extraordinary nature to communi cate. . As the old man approached, William rested from his laboun, and thus accosted him 'Well George, what:, has happened ?' You seem to be much agitated.' ' Ah, woes me, Ma. Ienderion! I· ,Ihave se n. the body of: a fine 'young man: taken 6ut of :the river.: Ohi it was a sad sighit! The millor saw 'the boldy in the .riveri, and too6 iti oiiut aind had it removed to his'house: (~ :/, (,5Bcon ,ttteed.) ·I 