TILE SUNKEN TREASURE. Meanwhile Leppard, rather amused, as it seemed, than deterred by the child's anger and refusal, diverted himself by retaining her a prisoner on his knee, and dodging at her beautiful little face with his sallow,, axe-edged one, as'if determined to inflict his threatened caress. Malvina--for it was Blackader's worse, than orphaned child-continued to scream and to slap the detested visage, as often as it presented itself. The woman her aunt's attention, after her brief rebuke, was called elsewhere by the entrance of a group of sailors, and !the poor child ivis left to fight out her own battle. Frederick could not remain an indifierent spectator of this scene. Female. purity, ahlvays so dear to his chivalrous sentiments,, assailed in its earliest dawn; the dislake he had felt from the first towards the mate; .astonishment, and a vague, instinctive feeling .of suspicon and misgiving at this strange conjunction of personages--all impelled him on hiis course of action. ' `Mr. Leppard I' he said, advancing, ' pray letthel child go l You see she has no appre 'cia.tion of the honour you seem to intend to confer- upon her. You frighten her. Let the little girl go, 'I beg of you !' . His manner, however, ,was rather that of command than of request. And he seconded it, a little roughly perhaps, by cluitching Leppard's arms asunder, and realising the child, which instantly slided down from his knees, and fled. Leppard was taken altogether by suprise; But his yellow visage grew of a yet more 'unpleasant hue 'when lie recognised by whom his diversion was interrupted. ' What business -have you-- Goodness me.l our new master's mate, and whatnot, of the Osprey !' he'exclaimed, in a tone that doubt fully .,mingled bullying with unwelcome recognition 'Master Frederick, by gosh ! Do you know Master Frederick, doctor ?' said Rourke, who was already evidently in that stage of elation in which very surprising cir cumstances cease to appear anything out of the common way. 'Do you know whom you are with your,. self, man, that you call this friend of yours a. doctor? He is no doctor at all; and if he has so represented himself to you, you are deceived l' said Frederick, with warmth. 'Oh, buit he ain't, though I Ain't I .tlhe best doctor you ever saw in your life, Mr. Rourke, and don't I give you the best medicine in the world for your complaint?' said Leppard, endeavouring to carry the exposure off in the easiest manner: ' I never had anythinig at all good till you said, "Patrick, my regards to you," and here's to your health and better acquaintance, doctor ! I haven't forgotten my obligations. There is nothing else good for the ague and sea-sickness, not to mention the heaviness on a man's mind when he's far away from home, and may never see ,his little ones again, Master Frederick ; hiccupped Rourke. ' This gentleman is our mate-the mate of the Osprey, Rourke ! Don't expose yourself before him I' said Frederick, hardly knowing what to think of the conjunction he wit nessed.' \- 'Is he, though ? Well he has drunk as much as I have, glass for glass! Haven't you, old- fellow f" said Rourke, in his half tipsy tones.:. 'I rather calculate I liave.! Mr. Rourke and Iarei:old t acquaintances, Mr. Graham, and we are. adlrinking,' to,,one anothler's good success in. life, and. ;a smoothsail; to the gallant Osprey !' said Leppard, Who had had time to .cool in the. pause, as if willing to conciliate the new arrival. 'Oh, indeed'fsaid Frederick, coldly. 'I was a pressed: boy on. board the Shannon, and he was a surgeon's mate, or something of that sort---weren't you, doctor?, on board the Chesapeake, when we had that famous fight? Eh, my yellow. lad : 'wasn't it so ?' said Rourke. 'Ay I and if it hadn't been for the aristo racy under whom you have served, my boy, you ought to have been Lord High Admiral of England by this time I' returned Leppard.' 'Talk nonsense as much as you like, Mr. Leppard,' said Frederick, also cooling. 'But; I really can't understand why you palm your self off as' a medical' man ?' 'Hush, shipmate! It is only a bit of a. joke I ami playing upon him, to get him out of his tricks of shamming Abraham .!'ireplied. Lelppard in. an undertone. . 'I shall be 'up to him another time, and I always like to know what kind of stuff the men that sail' under' me are. made of ! Won't'you' join its, sir ?' ' ' ' I have, not finished my ownorefreshment,' replied Frederick, who felt an-rinconceivable 'dislike' toentering into any friendly engage ment with this man. 'I dare say the little girl will bring it me from'. the bar,. and we can meanwhile talk overthe. news-'if there is any I?', ?-, ;/ .. " :55 ? . . At the sa~m tiiae lbe extended his hand to a greasy and beer-bedabbled newspaper which lay. on the table before Leppard, and which it did not appear he had taken any recent notice of. On the contrary, it was stained with the steam and drops of the potations in which the recently fraternised "shipmates were indulging. F.rederick' lial little inclination to pore 6ver as newspaperat that moment. ..His, ob ject was merely to escape as much as pos. siblel .the ' necessity • of a disagreeable conversation with the acquaintances he had sciaccideiitally lighted on." But to his surprise, and something more, the mate' suddenily stretched out his hands and secured the paper. ' I ain't read it yet, sir; and I ordered. it ! arnd I have 'as.good atright to knpw avhat's happening in the world as anybody I' he said, and firmly withheld the sliet. ' Certainly ? replied our hero. '.'I thonUght you had done with the paper-and I do not wish particularly to be beholden to you for any favour, Mir. Leppard.. I don't suppose there is much to interest .me in a host of provincial extracts, and you are entirely 'welcome to keep what you have got'l' 'He spoke, however, in an offended' to6d, naturally provoked, by' the rudeness.so.uin justifiable and uncalled for. .'... CHAPTER XLVI. Frederick certainly felt extremely disgusted at thei detheanour ofthenmate of the:Osl~rey, which so strongly confirmed all his original antipathy. But he was so much struck with his strange friendliness with Patrick Rourke that he determined to observe more of their intercourse together. He seated himself at the same table with them, and turned to the little girl, who he now perceived was watching him'. with wonderfully vivid attention, in one so young, fron a distance. 'AWill you bring me that beer from the bar, nay little fairy ?' be said. And he had hardly uttered the words before the girl brought him what he requested. ' You won't let that ugly, yellow man kiss me, will you ?' she exclaimed, eyeing the Yankee, indignantly. 'And I will sing you all my pretty songs.' 'What songs will you sing me?' said Frederick, much moved by the earnest affec tionateness of the child's manner, in contrast with her vindictive expressions. I 'I'll sing you 'Wapping Old Stairs !' Aunt sings it,' said Malvina. SAnd in an extremely sweet though un trained voice, and with a really surprising degree of musical expression, as if she already, poor thing l appreciated the meaning of the words. . The girl sung with the sweetness of the notes of a musical-box, but it troubled Frederick to the heart's core to hear lips so childish utter a lay, whose words, however pathetic and pleading, were so utterly unfitted to her tender and still innocent age. 'My dear little girl !' he interrupted her. ' Don't sing me any more of that naughty ballad; but tell me what yo.ur name is, :and who is your mother, that she lets' you be in such a place;as this ?' . 'My name is. Malvina !' said the.. child, rather pettishly. ' I have no mother ; I have only an aunt !. -I had a mother once, but Bogie took her and ate her up in Londdn. Bogie is a cross man that used to beat me and send me-to bed in the daylight, because he hated me; and brought me here to this nasty place I Aunt says he will kill me if I tell any one, but I-will, and I do l I will tell every one.' S' There's what I call a nice little specimen!' said Leppard, affecting to raise his eyes from the persual of the newspaper.. 'But what is your name, my poor darling.?' said Frederick, with emotion. '.My mamma was called Maria ;: but they are-all called Blackader here, and they: want to call me Blackader-but I won't be called Blackader !' This prattle between Frederick' and the child was brought to a sudden termination by an exceedingly offensive observation from Leppard, which so enraged Frederick that he sprang up, and seizing him by the throat;, pulled him forth and threw him on the ground with- a violence that sent the table and - glasses rattling after and' over him. Leppard, gathering himself up, drew a knife, which he had sheathed in a leathern.belt roiutd his, waist, but hidden by his dress, when Rourke, to prevent. bloodshed, flung a gold. coit,-on the. table,, and wished to stand treat to.the wholeparty. . You are rich, Mr. Rourke,' said Frede rick, ' but I do not reed' yosr, assistance to discharge my small'score. As- for you, Mr. Leppard,- if you have aniything further to say to me, you can come on bnard the .Osprey, where you will find me, I trust, within an hour.' - ' Within an hour !' repeated Leppard, vin dictively. S'Within an hdur !" repeated Frederick, 'with 'calin" contempt, and, turning away in disgust from the group, he slowly moved off to the bar of the tavern. ; S.'This is.about what I owe you,' he said, tendering a silver coin to the woman in the bar. 'But do not take it offensively, it, at the same time, -I'earnestly entreat of you not to. suffer this beautiful child to be made the object of the vile species of admiration she has visibly excited among these ruffianly inen to-night. If she is any way dear to you, re-' move her from the danger and pollutioni of scei?es like this. ' Selie's an orphan, sir, and pray who are you tolay down the law as to what ,e are.to" do.? ' Is she not your sister's child?' .'She is my brother's,'hhut he 'has neverber hayed as a brother tto me;, or 'as'ianiything else. She is an illigitimiiate chiild;,. hom he pretends he has not money enough to keep, though he is in an excelldent situation in L`on don, andi he has thrown her on 'our hands these two yiears. ' God punish him but I need not pray for that, for assuredly his punishment will come:- Meanwhile, do not: slight rmy warn ing, or you will live to repent it.' 'Are you a Methodist preacher, young gentleman-?'returned the woman, with a smile of derision. Here, I don't want your twopenny balance. Those gentleman you have been abusing have spent seven times what you've done since you came into the house',. -Frederick made no reply, but with a look of :profound compassion at the little girl, who was crying as if"hdr heartv would .break, lie w'valked hurriedly tout of the "World's End:." 'Now isn'tls-at young fellow what one may call a British gentleman ?' said Leppard, sheathing his ",bowie," and apparently resuming his tranquillity with"theegesture. -' But why did he say yo?fujveren't a doctor ?' said -Rourke, staring with a drurnken, ga're' at his friend. - --- - -- - ''Because I ain't one, exatitly, properly speaking-not quite; at least, I haven't got my .diploma -all regular-not my ;ganme license, you understanti. But we poachers kill as many birds flying, for all that, as- the regular practitioners.-. ' I'll explain' myself more to the purpose' just noa ,- my boy, but we must be tn some private room by 'ur selves.' - - " \- But I have had enough,' s.iid 'Rourke, : as much as will do me good, I feel. Yoiu don't want to -make me ill, .doctor, do you? Is that your trick, ha, ha ?' - - . . - ..- '.Hippocrates stiongly recommends • that we should get drunk now and then',, but not maudlin drunk. I 'not half-and-half'! - That onlymakes people more and"more sea-sick and uimcomfortable,' returned ;-the betrayer, ' For my part, Mr. Rourke, I am determined to~make a night of it. But I'll see you safely on board in renovated health, before we part; and what can mortal man ask more ?' ' You can go' up stairs, and have a room to yourselves, gentlemen,' said Miss Blackader, appr~oaching at this moment. ' Malvina t show the gentlemen into the. Blue Anchor I' But the child utterjiig an obstinate, "-I won't, I won't 1" escaped out of the chamber into- a back yard, where a glimpse of pure blue sky contrasted with the wild and flaming orgie enacted within the tap-room. 'Never mind I We will find the way to the Blue Anchor ourselves I We are not top heavy under the canvas we have spread, are we, friend ?' said -Leppard, giving at the same time a curiously significant wink at Miss Blackader. She returned one as similar as her tightly drawn physiognomy permitted. ' But I have no private business with you, doctor. What do you want with me?' said Rourke, staring with the dull consciousness of the approaching doom the ox displays as it snuffs the fatal entrance of the slaughter house. 'Come along I Don't you see how those men there are looking at us ! They are catchpoles in disguise, and I am afraid they want me for a little money I owe!' exclaimed Leppard. ' Officers in disguise ! What do they want? You don't say you are in trouble doctor?' returned the Irishman, but also struck with panic at the idea, he arose and implicitly followed his betrayer up stairs into the Blue Anchor. Leppard took care to carry with him the paper he had so unceremoniously snatched snatched from Frederick's perusal. It con tained a report of what had now became a popular article of intelligence, under the head of the "Brook Murder !' ' I am quite out of breath I' said Leppard, panting, and flinging himself into a chair, as they entered the private room, ' I wish they would bring a light and our liquor ! And now, I'll tell you what, my boy ! the young villain probably guessed who I was, which set him upon me like a panther. But he won't triumph long I They are after .him, and by this time will have him quite safe-, enough!' 'Who? what ?-What's he done, doctor?' replied Rourke, his flushed and purple visage turning vividly pale. 'He has committed a murder !' replied Leppard, with terrible emphasis, 'and the avengers of blood are upon his trail! That is,;' friend, the constables !-And to be plain with you, I'm myself a detective in disguise, and I have tracked him to this very spot from a village called Brook, in Kent, where he broke into the counting.house in a paper mill, stole nearly two thousand pounds'in notes and gold, and murdered an old watchman, who tried to prevent him from making off with the plundered property I' Rourke's surprise was only equalled by his terror. ' A detective !-You're a detective, doctor, he exclaimed, in accents, which, but for the magnitude of his guilt would have been pitiable. Fear sobered him not a little. His eye glared round the chamber as seeking some means of exit, and dwelling for a moment on Leppard, reverted to his massive stick. 'No, friend, that won't do I There are half a dozen of us at hand, and do you notice these trifles ?' and as Leppard spoke, he produced a pair of large pistols from his trowers pockets, and placed them delibera tely before him, on the table between them. ' What are you after maning ?' said Rourke, trembling in all the horrors of guilty and apprehension. ' Don't put yourself too mnch about,'Mr. Rourke. said the Yankee, calmly. 'You are as safe as a babe in the cradle, if you only see your own interest in the same light as I do. There's pretty strong case against both of you, it is true, and it all depends on which of you turns king's evidence first, as to the party that's to take the grand leap from an open balcony, with the hempen necklace onl' Against me, sir, and-and-Mr. Fred erick?' gasped Rourke. ' The very same; you may read it all here as plain as black and white can make it I' said Leppard, tossing over the newspaper to the dismayed ruffian. Almost the only words Rouke discerned and yet the whole column seemed to him printed in flaming characters-were those of the jury on the inquest, 'Wilful murder against Frederick Graham, alias Price, and Patrick Rourke ' '"Your "nane is Rourke,. is it not? You have not even attempted to deny it, and your accomplice has betrayed your identity openly and everywhere !' continued Leppard. ' He is not my accomplice !-Master Fred erick has nothing to do with it. I But I did'nt do it ! I am innocent of the murder, so help me"-- . ' Dont swear, interrupted Leppard, with mock reverence. 'And you. have. no occasion I Most people, however are rather inclined to the. belief, Mr. Rourke, that you have done this deed,;and that the young main aided and abetted-and, in fact, let you into the counting house, iand most likely helped yoo while you were quieting the.old rat-catcher. If you can possibly prove otherwise, you may be allowed to turn approver, and get your own neck at least out of the noose !' He did it! Mr. Augustus murdered the man I I only happened to be there by-by accident ;' howled Rourke. ' Mr. Frederick, you mean I-Don't make a mistake in names, friend, or you will get the whole matter into such a confounded mess nobody will believe you in anything !' said Leppard. 'Mr. Frederick ?' echoed Rourke. "' Yes, Mr. Frederick !-fix the name well and you won't forget it, when you're asked next to his christening !' said Leppard, almost in a bantering tone. But he suddenly changed it. 'qNow, you hearken to what I am going to tell'you, Mr. Rourke ! It is for your oivn g6od as well as mine; but I. own there's a pretty considerable reward offered to bring everything. to light. Don't, you' lose a moment in making a clean breast of it, for it's a. clean run between you and' Master Price; as you call him, which shall send the other to the gallows ! He'll be in Maidstone jail as.soon as you; but . you will have the advantage of being better advised. Just you tell the truth at once, on condition 'of your pardon and a share.of the reward-as you are not the 'principal,.you know --and you will go scd-free yet, and he to the devil, as he ought. I' 'He is innocent 1' muttered Rourke. 'Oh, in that case, you will both swing for it. For, mark me, friend, there is plenty of evidence to convict you both, though it would be more comfortable for the hanging committee to have - the direct testimony of an accomplice ! Just you run your eye down that paper I' And Leppard cah'nly referred to the paragraphs of evidence spread before Rourke, using the muzzle of one of his pis tols as an indicator. Rourke, trembling violently all over, raised the newspaper, and read the details of the inquest, with large drops pouring over his forehead, and eyes almost starting out of his head with eagerness. Amazement, how ever, seemed at first to gain the ascendancy of every other emotion. 'And so it wasn't a ghost after all that uttered that banshee cry overhead of us, from the old mill I' he ejaculated. 'Can't you read ?-You see it was a gentleman of the name of Leppard-of my name, in fact, who happened to have taken refuge in the place for the nght-his country' seat, I suppose, uot being convenient-that overheard it all,' replied that personage, with his hangman grim. Rourke ruminated for a moment; but his brain, disordered by drink and terror, sug gested no plan of much feasibility to escape. He felt himself helplessly ensnared. 'Well, sir ! and as you pretend to be my friend, what in the name of botheration do you think it best for me to do?' he exclaimed at last. '.Surrender yourself quietly, and declare at once that you are innocent of the actual murder, and are willing to confess all you know about it and the robbery!' ' Confess that Mr. Frederfck did it`?' ' Of course- or I'll warrant he will have the start of you in the next half hour : and the big-wigs always believes the man that speaks out first. It shows some conscience in him, you know !' ' Then, by gor, I must, and will. I didn't do the murder,' exclaimed the affrighted wretch. 'If it is only Mr. Frederick, that won't hurt Mary's prospects. I mean, he has treated my daughter bad enough, by this paper here, to make it: quite right in me to hang him, if I can. You may take me when you like, Mr. Constable, and I'll tell all I kn'ow,' if they will admit me as king's evidence ' ' I don't doubt they will. And you see the evidence runs hard against you, Mr. Rourke, if you don't contrive to turn it the other way,' continued the crafty betrayer. But now, if you mean to take my advice, what have. you done with the notes? You may observe they are all numbered and down in paper." ' Mr. Frederick has them ! At least if he hasn't posted them home again, which he plainly vowed to me he would,' said Rourke. ' Posted them home again ? A young man seind back a lot of money like that, to the lawful owners? What are you raving about?' exclaimed Leppard, astonished out of all be lief in turn. ' I have "no doubt he has sent it all back to Miss Sidney, every scrap of it,' replied Rourke, doggedly. 'Ah, anonymously, I suppose? he heard they could not be passed without immediate detection, and though he would do her as little harm as he could, for old acquaintance sake ! Very good: all, Mr. Rourke? You don't mean to say that he sent the One Hundred Pound note with the rest, to Miss Sidney ?' Rourke paused in terror at the exact information of his capturer. But he perceived he had gorn too far to recede, and besides he spied an 'advantage to himself in this circumstance through all the glimmer in his brain. ' No; he wrote the promise of marriage on that, and I gave it by desire to my daughter Mary ! :. Leppard looked very blank at this intelli gence. . 'Oh, well I' ie said, after a little thought, Sthat must be looked to I But the watch what have you done with the wvatch ? ' He has that ! You will find it on board the Osprey, in his sea-chest?' 'Well, that will about do for him! But his sending the notes back will have a queer look ! I wish I had been a little sooner, or could have thought it possible !' muttered Leppard. ' I wish he hadn't been worth so much to me to keep alive !' he added to himself. , The insolent young aristocratical high-flyer -for bhe's born one, though he don't know it ! Mr.' Rourke;' he continued aloud, with so?ie uneasiness, 'Are, quite .certain you haven't got that little document about you, for I shall be obliged, I am afraid, to have you searched in the presence of other people !' ' My daughter, "Mary, has it ' persisted Rourke...... .. ..... 'Well, I coniglomerate, she won't be very hard to find ! Would you really like another glass, Mr. Rourke, or shall I request Mr. Jollie, and our other': friends, to step up at once?' said Leppard,'with great politeness. 'Another glass !' replied Rourke, shaking now in a real ague of dread. "' `Wll.ihave no doubt you have plenty of money to stand treat all round, Mr. Rourke; and the people of the •house deserve', some little encouragement !' Leppard;rang a bell, on the table. Miss Blackader put in her ugly visage, sharpened in all its lines with intense curiosity.; ' Ask my friends, if.you please, miss, to step up-and send us' ip all and each Some thing.comfortable for a nightcap. What do you take, Mr. Rourke ?-Send me a fogmatic of Jamaica, miss 1 It warms me best 'of any thing, thinking how the niggers are flogged to make it I' T 0.a3 CONTINrr D. " 