Intercolonial Telegrams. BY SUBMARINE CABLE.] (FROM OUR OWN C'JMIKBFON DENTS.) VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, MONDAY. Fanny Taylor, the young woman who was shot at by William Arthur Cook in the recent shooting case at Hotham, was charged before the City Court to-day with attempted suicide, and discharged, on expressing con- trition. The cone of a new tile kiln of the Victorian Ornamental The Coast Ringwood, fell in this morning, killing a youth named John Bagwell, and seriously injuring three other men, also doing a lot of damage to the kiln. An iron band 6in. by lin., regarding the base of the cone, broke and the whole mass of 30,000 bricks fell on to the workmen. The boy who was killed was fearfully smashed, and his death was instantaneous. A meeting of the Colonial Investment Agency Co. has declared a dividend of 10 per cent., and it was stated that the issue of 50,000 shares, payable up to 1 OB, pot share, had been taken up at a premium. A resolution was proposed that' the directors shall hold 1,000 instead of 200 shares, as proposed at a meeting by shareholders, but this was negatived. Members of the South Adelaide Football Club have arrived here, and the team will play the first match on Saturday, against Essendon. - ' ' Chief Justice Stawell held a reception of the legal profession in the law courts to-day, on the occasion of his return from a trip to England. J The final heat in connection with the St. Brcdanes Handicap was run off" on the Flemington Ground to-day, and was won by C. Smith, Balaclava, 10 yards ; A. W. Patrick, Melbourne, 15 yards, second ; J. M. Malone, Sydney, 10 yards, third. Royal Maid, list. 91st; Ruby, lOst. filthy Yet Again, 11st. 8lb.; are top weights for the Hurdle Race in the Amateur Turf Club event. Boolka, 9st. Hb.; Mozart, 8st. 10lb.; The Ghost, 8st. 8lb.; in the Bracelet. Lady Ashton, 12st. 5lb.; Clarence, last. 8lb.; Blackthorno, 11st. 7lb.; Kanaka, 11st. 2lb.; in the Steeple, Boolka, out. ; Mozart, 8st. 11lb.; RingmoBter, 8st. 8lb.; in the Richmond Handicap. The annual distribution of honorary re- wards in connection with the Royal Humane Society of Australasia, were distributed to-day, the distribution being made by the Governor. Speeches were made by Mr. Deakin, Colonel Sargood, and others. Two bronze medals and two certificates were granted to Tasmania, and 23 medals were") given to Victorians and others in different colonies. The operative bootmakers hold a meeting to-night, 800 strong, at the Trades Hall, and decided to strike, a levy of 15 per cent, will be made on working members to support those out of employ. Those who have struck in connection with the movement to keep up the rate of wages, will get the following allowances Married men, 25s. per week ; single men, 10s. per week. Sailed Pateena, ss., for Launceston. Passengers-Saloon : Mesdames Ingaine), A. Whitefoord, Florrie Barrett; Misses Bayles, Spotswood, S. N. Ward ; Messrs. Storer, N. Ismor, Tinning, Stewart, Isaac, Peacock, E. Smith, Wood, Geo. Collings, Ingumelis, Rushton, Alf. A. Harvey, Huddle stone, Collins and 30 in the steerage, . . '.!, i. i I.J, un'X I .] telling " > 