THE CONFESSIONS OP AN EPICURE. liv Ramrod. Poets are said to be born, not made, but as I do not happen to have any acquaint ances among that class of gentry who delight some foolish people with their quips and cranks and odd conceits, their sham emotions about a feeling called love, and their happy knack of makin_ unreali ties seem real, I cannot vouch for the truth of the maxim. But that the select class, who call themselves epicures, and whom the vulgar ignorantly decry as gluttons, have the germs of their noble tastes implanted in them at a very early age, I, from ,my own experience, can confidently assert. A true epicure, a genuine wooer cf cunningly devised meats, will read with a sympathetic interest that my first recollections are of the joys of feeding. As I sit in my com fortable chambers with a cup of coffee of my o-vn browing before me aud one of those incomparable cigars in my month, which none but my dearest friends aud those of my own gastronomic persuasion have ever taste-l, dim visions arise in the smoke of the time when I first had practical evidence of the great truth that, we live to eat, and not, as some senseless humans assert, that we eat siinply to carry on tho gross and aim less pursuits of existence. It is trae these visions smack somewhat of candle ; they bring back recollections of rusks and paps aud other infant kickshaws, of which now, with my better cultivated sense of taste, I would scorn to p'artake. But none tho less are they precious to me as the firstremem bered signs of that delicacy of palate for which, in mj own circle otfriends, I may say without boasting, I am so justly fumed. Over my school-days I would fain draw a veil. To the true disciple of the cult they must in. the best of circumstances be one darks vista of clouds, oaly liere and there broken by a glimpse 'of sunshine. My masters without exceptiou were enemies to the sublime worship, or, if they did ever practice its rites, it was only in strict seclu sion, and when no disciples were there to see and partake. Too well do I remember the nauseous lumps of fat, the compound by schoolboys known as ' bread-and-scape,' the milk-and-water tea, which, unlike the quality of mercy was but too truly strained, the pies in whose recesses lurked the ghosts of long-forgotten joints— a dismal rosucrec tion of unsavoury viands. I shudder as I look back on the fearful purgatory, which has to bo undergone before the epicure's paradise can he attained. Breaks in this dismal period there certainly were. Holi days, when glimpses of the perfect life were vouchsafed to me; hampers, too, that opened out sweet glimmerings of a better state to come. Of a lean and hungry habit of body my health could not stand this un willing penance, and on leaving school I was sent .to fatten at a farm-house, there to breathe the balmy odour3 of the country, to inhale the health-giving smells of a farmyard. The barbarous delicacies of a rurel home sweetened ' by a lusty appetite, which only out- door life can bestow, worked wonders on my: sorely-tried frame. Here it -was that the discovery first dawned on me, which subsequent experience has faith fully confirmed, that I possessed the Ion vivant's most prized qualification, the ina bility to grow fat. There the blessed truth was revealed to me that henceforth I could saunter . through life with a body ever fit to receive tho delicacies lying in my path. My farmhouse friends did their best, but when the time came to leave it was with much regret and. surprise, in which I out wardly had to join, that. I departed as I had come, lean and lanky and long of limb, but well, yea infinitely better qualified, than I was a few months before, to prose cute mv culinarv researches, to uractice my self-chosen profession. Looking back on those happy days I recognise now what, in the confidence of youth, I nerer dreamed of — that the long and patient perseverance needed to create that most perfect specimen of mankind, that sumrnum bonum of human ity, a thoroughly matured and experienced epicure. ' :. As with most men, there are epochs in my life, days to be marked with a white stone, moments when new and un dreamed-of sensations crowded upon me. Can I ever forget that day when first I fleshed my teeth in my maiden goose, when first my palate formed a lasting friendship with the proud and stately turkey, never so great as when reposing in his own brown gravy and flanked with the spoils of that animal unclean in the eyes of the Jew, but how lovely and toothsome to the Gentile ? The more mention of these gustations brings recollections crowding \ipon me, of lasting attachments formed with the edible products of every clime. Bombay ducks from ' India's coral strand,' the glutinous bird-nest soup and sweetly crisp chow-chow, from ' far Cathay j ' cheeses of varying flavour, Parmesan aud Rookefort, the mel low Stilton, the strong-scented Gorgouzola, gruyere in its silver shroud — liqueurs and wines without end, the . rich Tokay, the well-prized port of '24,' maraschino snug ly nestling in its grassy cradle, the Madeira that twice has seen the Cape, chartreuse that first catey into being iu the vat of monkish vignerous ; boar's head from the forests of Germany, canvas-back ducks and ptarmigans from the far- distant waters aud prairies of America,. Why, I could fill pages with the njimes alone of my foreign friends who so oft have sat on my table, so oft soothed my ever-fresh palate. But it is not given to all mankind to be gastronom ers. If the eyes of any such hap to light on this confession they must attribute my silence to consideration for our loss-gifted brethren, aud not from any insensibility of taste or ingratitude for pleasures I have experienced. As yet I have not taken to myself a wife. No woman yet have I found who had penetrated the arcana of the truly happy. Some of my f riends; however, have made the experiment, with the too vain hope that the lovely creatures whom they had chosen to participate in their joys would appreciate the new existence opened to then- view. Alas ! one and all they have been disappointed. The invidious wiles of matrimony have perverted my old com panions from their noble aiui3, and the brotherhood of gastronomers knows them uo more. Their example is a warning to mo. If ever I do take the fatal step it will only be because that baleful spell called love drags mo along, an unwilling victim. I have turned my back on the land of cold mutton and fried chops, and never wish to gaze, far less to be an inhabitant of it again. Thus far have I written my confes sion. Those disagreeable^ necessities of existence, candid friends I mean, tell me I am a glutton, utterly selfish, without one high thought or noble ideal. Ah ! how little they appreciate zue, how uuable are they to understand the sublime heights to which the trae epicure raises himself. To the world I give the outpourings of my soul. Perchance one or two readers may be found who can realise the delights I have experienced, who can feel the joys I have felt, who can recall memories such as I have cooked. If these lines meet the eye of any- such they will not have been written altogether iu vain. 