SIR HENRY PARKES. (Sund?l Time's.) 5" Iflrrur PAReies hurried back to town, and, at once repudiating the agreement arrived at between the Governmuent and the Opposition, in siated that the fight should go on." Such is the record of the time, and who, considering it with a fair know lodge and average intelligence, can fail to see recognition, not of the leadership, but the absolute master ship of this most remarkable man. Any ordinary leader of aiy ordinary orgaiisation would be bound by the action of his colleagues, would feel the constraint, the necessity, of making theo best of it. But Sir Hlxart. Piar?s has no colleagues though many servitors and apologists. What ! You have acted without me? By whose authority did you act ? The Opposition has made a contract? How can that be ! I am the Opposi tion? Sound the trumpet, call themrn together again, scold them thoroughly for their imnportinonce ard cowardice, and let the light proceed. . Such in plainest terms is tho pre sent pohlitical attitude of Sir HfuaRY ?PAmKES. He stands not as one who lila been summoned to work with, but to rule over, the Opposition, and should the Opposition, under his leadership, cross over and take the reins of Govornment, they must cross under his absoluteecommnand. It is impossible to be too clear and too emphatic about this. Parliameont arid the colony have notto choeose betwevoon Protection and Tree-trade, but bo twieen at five per cent. adl valoren duty and Sir HENR. PARn?tlis. The live per cent. it must be noted is in the way of temporary accoummodation, and the question arises would - not be better to pay sixty.per cenot. than to ieceopt the alternativo ? liBut is the issue really serious? Is the prospectof another Paucus period immninent ? W?hat are his chances in the House, in the country? He has raised another ghost, doubtless, for the live per cent. duties are a ghost, laid long ago with all certainty and core nony by the leader of the sect to which he boasts allegiance. He has taken the small and legitimate means of raising necessary revenue, and has blown into it till it has risen a gigan tic and terrible thing lit withl imagi nary fears, and glaring imaginary dooms, scaring tihe more timid of fanatic free-traders as the paper hawk scares the game in thie coverts. He has jockeyed the morning newspapers into absolute recantation of all their expressed hatred, fear, distrust. He has yoked them to the pole of his chariot, he encourages them to "patriotic" exertion now, he will log them according to the measure of all their past offences by-and-bye. He has sought tobriboagriculturaldistricts by promises of railways and roads, is he shamefully and scandalously bought his election at North Shore by direct promise of that next century bridge. And more,-having, as' he imagines, bound the Orange faction by past service and present dread, he turns with a most gracious smile to the other'side, and offers to take a plitee on the Nationalist platform to be erected on Mfonday next in the New Masonic Hall. Yes, the Nationalist platform. . There is no other name for it. Its purpose is to express sympathy with: GLrAasrosE, and not witif GASTONE the English states -man, but GLADSTONiE the' emanci pator, the saviour of Ireland. Will .PAiuKrs be accepted, on that plat form? Will honest and whole hearted nationalists discover' such .a large-hearted 4nd compassionate man hood as to forget'the coaxed-out con fession of O'?A?rILnna, the justifica tion -of .the. execution obtained by suave cajolery from the poor. wretch manacled on his dungeon floor? Will they forgot the treason-felony laws passed with his full approval; where by 'it was rendered compulsory, on all men, a duty ',bound to them with thongs" of penal servi -rude, to wish,' whenever required, health and continuance to i system "they detested and despised ? Will 'they forget the Kiama ghost? 'Will' they nomw, in their strength, take "this man as: their friend, who, through all the days of their weakness used and abused them, made. them his footstool and Ihis stepping stone, fluune them into the washpot of his creatures, and mocked at their hopes,, and their tears, their-life long suffer-' ing, their inherited desire? Will they forgive ? They may; for the chival rous spirit of a true patriotism has nmarvellous depths of pity. But what of tire other side? What of 'tire Orange Lodge, the Orange League, the Loyalists of the Ulster patrmot type ? How will they view this new delarture ? You men of Ulster, you Orangemen staunch and. loyal and true to your own notions and interests as steel to a swordamans; band, you whose brothers in the old' land have sworn, to die one and all in. a trench dug across the whole breadth of Ireland, ifit be necessary to check: the advancement of the encroachingl national wave-how will you tolerate your champion,' your advocate', your, master standing upon a Nationalist; platform, pleading a Nationalist cause? Surely the, treachery. is too plain, and: the difficulty, t creates absolutely in surmountable. . . And what inist the ordinary citizen whose only careois the welfare of the' 'colony of, New South Wales think ? 'Can he accept the proposed mastershlip I without an attentive look, a .carefui' study ? Can he fail to know the man' if he fairly considers him ? DiavwrArn was his friend once, his early and his dear friend; but there cam'e a time when DA~vXrYA had to pull back his wristbands leo he should soil clean linen by tire foul task which he had set himself to perform, which was the diissecting of, the patriot. W. E'. FOSmarER, stiff' with lMonourable pria ciplo that would rather break than wield; had to stand alone when the saltitude followed PastuEs. Arid ond of the very last public acts of Sir Joruw lloEmRTsoi" was to shake hlim Wa'sy '. .?.?'." baeful ard uncleuan falih to all claii 'oft'aworufraiendliipi tnd rep)Ugnant to all honourable in edincts. And these are not excep lional cases. What great men of Australia ever know P1r'Arss for twenty years and hold him in con tinneuous respect? What is his place now amongst the few who sit still beneath silver crowns and remember all the past? What think they of the prospect of a new PAtmnCEs period? STenua, I liOstl'?SIO(, MA?ATe, DA? tar. Would any of them join for an instant anvyorganisation whereo PAmlES iruled? W~ould they not rather sever the last dear thread of 'life and pass to honourablo associations in the land unknown? You may judge tho man by his associates, his colleagues--a LutrcAs, a Lrora, an Aituttmr., a Nitno. Those are the brambles that cling t, the skirts of the bramble king, and fondly imagine that Ne{r South W\rales will make haste to abase lihersolf to be scratched and torn beneath them. 