DRAXY MILLERS DOWRY. r BY SAXE HOLM. n t PART I. t b When Draxy Miller's father was a boy, he read a t ovel in which the heroine was a Polish girl, named arachsa. The name stamped itself indelibly upon his a magination ; and when, at the age of thirty-five, he took c his first-born daughter in his arms, his first words were " I want her called Darachsa." "What!" exclaimed the doctor, turning sharply round, and looking out above his spectacles ; " what heathen kind of a name is that ?" "Oh, Reuben!" groaned a feeble voice from the baby's mother ; and the nurse muttered audibly, as she left the room, " There ain't never no luck comeB of them outlandish names." The whole village was in a state of excitement before night. Poor Reuben Miller had never before been the object of half so much interest. Hi6 slowly dwindling fortunes, the mysterious succession of his ill-lucks, had not much stirred the hearts of the people. He was a reticent man ; he loved books, and hod hungered for them all his life : his townsmen unconsciously resented what they pretended to despise; and so it had slowly come about that in the village where his father had lived and died, and where he himself had grown up, and seemed likely to live and die, Reuben Miller was a lonely man, and came and went almost as a stranger might come and go. His wife was simply a shadow and echo of himself; one of these clinging, tender, unselfish, will-less women, who make pleasant, and affectionate,and sunny wives enough for rich, prosperous, unsentimental husbands, but who are millstones about the necks of sensitive, impressionable, unsuccessful men. If Jane Miller had been a strong, determined woman, Reuben would not have been a failure. The only thing he had needed in life had been persistent purpose and courage. The right sort of wife would have given him both. But when be was discouraged, baffled, Jane clasped her hands, sat down, and looked into his face with streaming eyes. If he smiled, she smiled ; but that was just when it was of least consequence that she should smile. So the twelve years of their married life had gone on slowly, very slowly, but still^surely, from bad to worse j nothing prospered in Reuben's hands. The farm which he had inherited from his father was large, but not profitable. He tried too long to work the whole of it, and then he sold the parts which he ought to have kept. He sank a great portion of his little capital in a flourmill, which promised to be a great success, paid well for a couple of years, and then was burnt down, uninsured. He took a contract for building one section of a canal, which was to pass through part of his land: sub-contractors cheated him, and he, in his honesty, almost ruined himself to right their wrong. Then he opened a little store ; here, also, he failed. He was too honest, too sympathising, too inert. His day-book was a curiosity : he had a vein of humour which no amount of misfortune could quench ; and he used to enter under the head of given" all the purchases which he knew were not likely to be paid for. It was at sight of this book, one day, that June Miller, for the first and only time in her life, lost her temper with Reuben. " Well, I must say, Reuben Miller, if I die for it," said she, " I haven't had so much as a pound of white sugar nor a single lemon in my house for two years, and I do think it's a burnin' shame for you to go on sellin' 'em to them shiftless Greens, that'll never pay you a cent, and you know it!" Reuben was sitting on the counter smoking his pipe and reading an old tattered copy of Dryden's translation of Yirgil. He lifted his clear blue eyes in astonishment, put down his pipe, and, slowly swinging his long legs over the counter, caught Jane by the waist, put both his arms round her, and said,— " Why, mother, what's come over you! You know poor little Eph's dying of that white ewellin'. You wouldn't have me refuse his mother anything we've got, would you ?" Jane Miller walked back to the house with tears in her eyes, but her homely, sallow face was transfigured by love as she went about her work, thinking to herself,— " There never was such a man's Reuben, anyhow. I guess he'll get interest one o' these days for all he's lent the Lord, first and last, without anybody's knowin' it." But the Lord has His own system of reckoning com pound interest, and His ways of paying are not our ways, lie gave no visible sign of recognition of indebtedness to Reuben. Things went harder and harder with the Millers, un'il they had come to such a pass that when Reuben Milier went after the doctor, in the early dawn of the duv on which little Draxy was born, he clasped his hands in sorrow and humiliation before he knocked at the doctor's door ; and his only words were hard words for a man of sensitiveness and pride to speak : " Doctor Cobb, will you come over to my wife ? I doix't dare to be sure I can ever pay you; but if there's anything in the store"— " Pshaw, pshaw, Reuben, don't 6peak of that; you'll be all right in a few years," said the kind old doctor, who had known Reuben from his boyhood, and understood him far better than anyone else did. And so little Draxy was born. " It's a mercy it's a girl at last," said the village gossips. " Mis' Miller's had a hard time with them four great boys, and Mr. Miller is behindhand allers." " And who but Reuben Miller'd ever think of givin* a Christian child such a name !" they added. But what the name was nobody rightly made out; nor even whether it had been actually given to the baby, or had only been talked of; and between curiosity and antagonism, the villagers were so drawn to Reuben Miller's store, that it began to look quite like a run of custom. " If I hold out a spell on namin' her," said Reuben, as in the twilight of the third day he sat by his wife's bedside; " if I hold out a spell on namin' her, I shall get all the folks in the district into the store, and sell out clean," and he laughed quizzically, and stroked the little mottled face which lay on the pillow. " There's Squire Williams and Mis' Cenkey both been in this afternoon ; and Mis* Conkey took ten pounds of that old Hyson tea you thought I'd never soil; and Squire Williams, he took the last of those new-fangled churns, and says he, ' I expect you'll want to drive trade a little brisker, Reuben now there's a little girl to be provided for; and, by the way, what are you going to call her ?' " ' Oh, its quite too soon to settle that,' said I, as if I hadn't a name in my head yet. And then Mis' Conkey spoke up and said : ' Well I did hear you were going to name her after a heathen goddess that nobody ever heard of, and I do hope you will consider her feelings when she grows up.' "'I hope I always shall, Mis' Conkey,' said I; and she didn't know what to say next. So she picked up her bundle of tea, and they stepped off together quite dignified. " But I think we'll call her Darachsa, in spite of 'em all, Jane," added Reuben with a hesitating half laugh. " Oh, Reuben!" Jane said again. It was the strongest emonstrance on which she ever ventured. She did ot like the name; but she adored Reuben. So when he baby was three months old, she was carried into he meeting-house in a faded blue cashmere cloak, and aptized in the name of the Father, and the Son, and he Holy Ghost, " Darachsa Lawton Miller." Jane Miller's babies always thrived. The passive cquiescence of her nature was a blessing to them. The urrents of their blood were never rendered unhealthful by overwrought nerves or disturbed temper in their mother. Their infancy was as placid and quiet as if they had been kittens. Not until they were old enough to understand words, and to comprehend deprivations, did they suffer because of their poverty. Then a serious look began to settle upon their faces : they learned to watch their father and mother wistfully, and to wonder what was wrong ; their childhood was very short. Before Draxy was ten years old she had become her father's inseparable companion, confidant and helper. He wondered, sometimes almost in terror, what it meant, that he could say to this little child what he could not say to her mother; that he often detected himself in a desire to usk of this babe advice or suggestion which he never dreamed of asking from his wife. But Draxy was wise. She had the sagacity which comes from great tenderness and loyalty, combined with a passionate nature. In such a woman's soul there is sometimes an almost supernatural instinct. She will detect danger and devise safety with a rapidity and ingenuity which are incredible. But to such a nature will also come the subtlest and deepest despairs of which the human heart is capable. The same instinct which foresees and devises tor the loved ones will also recognise their most hidden traits, their utmost possibilities, their inevitable limitations, with a completeness and infallibity akin to that of God Himself. Jane Miller, all her life long, believed in the possibility of Reuben's success ; charged his failures to outside occasions, and hoped always in a better day to come. Draxy, early in her childhood, instinctively felt, what she was far too young consciously to know, that lier father would never be a happier man ; that " things " would always go against him. She had a deeper reverence for the uprightness and sweet simplicity of his nature than her mother ever could have had. She comprehended, Jane believed; Draxy felt, Jane saw. Without ever having heard of such a thing as fate, little Draxy recognised that her father was fighting with it, and that fate was the stronger! Her little arms clasped closer and closer round his neck, and her serene blue eyes, so like hie, and yet so wondrously unlike, by reason of their latent fire and strength, looked this unseen enemy steadfastly in the face, day by day. She was a wonderful child. Her physical health was perfect. The first ten years of her life were spent either out of doors, or in her father's lap. He would not allow her to attend the district school ; all she knew she learned from him. Reuben Miller had never looked into an English grammar or a history, but he knew Shakespeare by heart, and much of Homer ; a few odd volumes of falter Scott's novels, some old voyages, a big family Bible, and a copy of Byron, were the only other books in his house. As Draxy grew older, Reuben now and then borrowed from the minister books which he thought would do her good; but the child and he both loved Homer and the Bible so much better than any later books that they soon drifted back to them. It was a little sad, except that it was so beautiful, to see the isolated life these two led in the family. The boys were good, sturdy, noisy boys. They went to school in the winter, and worked on the farm in the summer, like all farmers' boys. Reuben, the eldest, was eighteen when Draxy was ten; he was hired, by a Bort of indenture, for three years, on a neighbouring farm, and came home only on alternate Sundays. Jamie, and Sam and Lawton were at home : young as they were, they did men's service in many ways. Jamie had a rare gift for breaking horses, and for several years the only ready money which the little farm had yielded was the price of the colts which Jamie raised and trained so admirably that they sold well. The other two boys were strong and willing, but they had none of their father's spirituality, or their mother's gentleness. Thus, in spite of Reuben Miller's deep love for his children, he was never at ease in his boys' presence; and, as they grew older, nothing but the influence of their mother's respect for their father prevented their having an impatient contempt for his unlikeness to the busy, active, thrifty farmers of the neighbourhood. It was a strange picture that the little kitchen presented on a winter evening. Reuben sat always on the left hand of the big fireplace, with a book on his knees. Draxy was curled up on an old-fashioned cherry-wood stand close to his chair, but so high that she rested her little dimpled chin on his head. A tallow candle stood on a high bracket, made from a fungus which Reuben had found in the woods. When the candle flared and dripped, Draxy sprang up on the stand, and, poised on one foot, reached over her father's head to snuff it. She looked like a dainty fairy half-floating in the air, but nobody knew it. Jane sat in a high-backed wooden roeking-chair, which had a flagged bottom and a ruffled calico cushion, and could only rock a very few inches back and forth, owing to the loss of half of one of the rockers. For the first part of the evening, Jane always knitted; but by eight o'clock the hands relaxed, the needles dropped, the tired head fell back against the chair, and slit was fast asleep. The boys were by themselves in the farther corner of the room," playing checkers or doing suuis, or reading the village newspaper. Reuben and Draxy were as alone as if the house had been empty. Sometimes he read to her in a whisper; sometimes he pointed slowly along the lines in silence, and the wise little eyes from above followed intently. All questions and explanations were saved till the next morning ; when Draxy, still curled up like a kitten, would sit mounted on the top of the buckwheat barrel in the store, while her father lay stretched on the counter, smoking. Tbey never talked to each other, except when no one could hear j that is, they never spoke in words j there was a mysterious and incessant communication between them whenever they were together, as there is between all true lovers. At nine o'clock Reuben always shut the book, and said, " Kiss lue, little daughter." Draxy kissed him, and said, " Good night, father dear," and that was all. The other children called him " pa," as was the universal custom in the village. But Draxy even in her babyhood had never once used the word. Until she was seven or eight years old she called him " Farver;" after that always " father dear." Then Reuben would wake Jane up, sighing usually, " Poor mother, how tired she is !" Sometimes Jane said, when she kissed Draxy at the door of her little room, "Why don't you kiss your pa for good-night ?" " I kissed father before you waked up, Jina," was always Draxy'e quiet answer. (To be continued.) 