THE TRAPPER'S ADVENTURE, They were waiting for a train at a waybicfc station up in Humbolt County, and the conversation turned to spiritualism. A weather-beaten trapper, who had come in with a lot of skins to ship, said— " Wall, fur ay part, I never go much on sperrit- Tflppins, ghosts, and all them kind er things, but I tell yew, boys, I had a powerful scare wunst." " How was that ?" asked a solemn min. with long hair, who was evidently a travelling medium. " Wall, yer see, it was one night about a vear ago. I was a-layin" in my cabin up on the Little B'ar Hiver. I woke up long er midnight and got ter tliintin' about my partner. Grizzly Smith, as die3 in that very cabin er lung fever four years ago that very night. Putty soon I felt somethin' tech the blankits kinder soft like." " Bats," suggested the switch-tender. " No, ther ain't no rats in them parts. Putty soon I felt suthin' like a hand a-squeezin' my leg. I felt kinder scarred then, fur I know'd ther deer dog3 wus outside, and I was plumb sartin' thar wasn't anuther human bein' in forty miles o' thar. I was sleepin' in Grizzly's blankits, too, so I sez. " Is that you, Smith "And there was two Taps," said the long-haired man. " Vo, thar wam't no raps, but a sorter buzzin', ratUin' sound, like a dyin' man's last gssp—'zactly the way Smithie let go. Then I felt suthin' clammy tech my cheek." "Case of materialization," said the long-haired party. Rats," said the switch-tender again. " I to!e yer thar warn't no rats up thar," growled the trapper. " I 'low I was badly scare 1 then, an' ther cold sweat a-dronpin' offen me 'Does yer want ter kermoonicate suthin', Grizzly?' sez I. Then ther buzzin' begin agin. Arter that suthin' teched my other hand." " Eats," wedged in the switchman. " You'll have ter heel yers At if yer say that agin, lantern-jerfcer," said the hunter, ominously. " Wall, gents, it got so I couldn't Stan' it no longer. I jest jerked them blankits offen me. jumped uo and struck a light" " And what did you see?' "Why, nuthin', gents, but a big rattlesnake. ItuUrin' but a plain, ord'nary rattler. An' me most scarred ter death by ther dura thing's monke.ings, '' y° u bet 1 jest ro'.led over and la ighed till I thought I'd burst," " And the snake'{' asked th > crowd. 1 he snake," said the trapp r simply. " W-ill. I disr< member what—I guess tapped on it's head, or suthin'. No, gents, I do at take no stock in spertits. Here's thti train." 