LOCAL AND GENERAL. WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. Tuts is an erent much valued bf Wesleyans, both yuung *nd «ld ; the young because they have a goad 'patins;, a jolly romp, and a good tuok in ot those toothsome things which children most (lo love ; and» by the elders, because it dotB them goodto' see the youngsters enjoy, themselves ; it reminds them of their youthful days-and if not teo stiff in the joints, tiley ute by no means loth tn take part in the many games which the inventive genius of the voung ladies provide us with annually. As usual, the serious' part of the anniversary commenced on Sun day morning last, with the anniversary service, the special sermon by the Rey. J. S. Austin. There was a much larger attendance than ordinarily, made up principally of Wesleyans from other parts of the circuit Richmond, Enfield, Wilberforce, and other places contributing. At one end of the church a platform was erected, and upon this the children, some 80 orSOf were seated -us many of them (their fathers and grand fathers, in many instances), have been seated years before ; and though the number was not so great as we have seen on former oc casions, there was a bright army of happy little faces ; and no end of new frocks and jackets ; bright ribbons and new hats, gat Up specially for the occasion. The choir iilways a good one-was supplemented by a few good voices from Richmond-notably, Miss Sullivan and Mr. Crellin ; and Mr. W. Clarke, from Enfield ; and that robust singer, Mr. W. Lane, came up from Sydney to lend a hand on this important occasion in fact, no eue would be more missed than he. There was, of course, a slight departure from the ordinary service ; it was essentially a children's service ; the hymns vere selec ted and printed in a small pamphlet--and sung hy the children-with the exception of the opening hymn -No. 473, "Come Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; to whom we for our children cry"-which was sung hy the choir and congregation. Mr. Austin delivered a very fervent, well worded prayer for the children, their future spiritual and bodily welfare ; for their friends ; for the teachers, and for all men. Then the child ren sung the anthem, " Come Ye Blessed," very nicely, under the leadership of Mr. W. C. Gambtill. Miss Dean presiding at the harmonium, on the platform. Mr. Austin then rend the 4th Chapter of Proverbs wlroh was a most appropriate lesson for the day ; after which the children sang, " Out Mission Field at if orne.'' Having given out the usual notices for the week, Mr. Austin selected for his text 49th Chapter Isaiah, 24th and 25th verses ; " Shall the prey be taken from the mighty, or the lawful captive be delivered ? But thus, saith the Lord : Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken aw-ay, and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered ; for I will contend with hin: that contendeth with me, and I will save my children," The rev. gentleman drew a very striking parallel between the Jewish captivity ario the sway held by JSatan over the children et the present dayv He asked who were the captivés and who the delivered? There seemed to be a desire, nowa-days, to drive our children from the paths of virtue, and to lead them to missry and ruin. " The boy was the father of the man"-what he was now he nould be by and bye ; the devil secures them in due time as his captives, for it was natural that he should exert his power to lead captive our children. How few. children were there to-day who kept to the path of virtue Our inherent evil nature leads to a multitude of vicious ways- agree able enough, probably, to gross, unspiritual ised human nature ; pleasures of dissipation and evil companions. Il occurred to him th.it our children were left too much to their own courses, and these were chains which led them into the captivity of the devil. They were as much slaves as were the poor little African children who were ruthlessly torn from their motilen.' arms, and led away into slavery by brutal men. Children did not. of course, realize that they wei» slaves, in this sense of the word-the power of evil was so disguised, so subtle, that they could I not apprehend the danger around them. The devil had had a long practice ; tornear upon GOOO years he hnd been engaged in this work, and so skilful was he that, depend upon it, unless some one interfered, be would do his work most effectually. He was as' busy to-day as ever ; he knew his business well, and he had »any agents ready to de his bidding. One of these agencies was the vile kiud of reading put into young people's hands ; this was tine of the most potent means of leiding our children faptive. Then there were the pleasures of the ball room ; and he was both pained and surprised to read every now and theil in the public prints, how people in a high station of life immolated their children upon the alter of fashion. Could they wonder, then, that beset with evils-the most fascinating temptations that the children were dragged down to per dition-led away in dm ins imo captivity? Alas, there were many so- called Christian parents who allowed their children to be led into captivity by allowing them too free an exercise or self-will - too free an indulgence! of the pleasures of this world. They were octuully doing Satan's work ; how he must laugh at these people, who, above all others, professed to be at war with him Î yet they played directly into his hands. They all knew the e>il one's power ; he was mighty, and his chains weie strong ; yet there was a mightier than he-He who had first hurled the tempter from paradise. He still held that power and was ready fc > protect otu children, through the instrumentality of Sabbath Schools. Christ was the great Liberator ; it was He who would break assunder the chains of their captivity. It was Jesus who had laid down bis life to save sinners; it was He who had purchased with his blood what all the gold and silver in the universe would nut do, the liberty of our children frotn thc enslavement of sin and the devil. Jesus lind said, "Suffer little children tu come unto me, and furbid them not ; far of such is the kindum ol heaven." ît was never intended that oar children should he the servants of the devil, but that they should tread in the way of peace. Numbers of children were without God; they were willing slaves of the devil; and it was not their faults, for their parents them selves wero slaves. The children must be lcd early to believe in a Divine Saviour, and taught te love their Sabbath Schools. Who ,U r....-sy--.^> - ^^mW was &#pfa$mt **%v wa» ; ínfcfláiíty üj; 7 tte; :par^t;,v^1lei[erence «y» made -i jVeutpronbróy, Wíd^ tie ; Scripture« to show .that it ««a the pafents* d«<y to téíoli thcif çliildren how to avoid the captivity lie had spoken of. Professing Christians i ven male no effort 'to train their children aright « their first thought was haw tokceptheitt add dress them and pine; them la a goad position in ' aooiety. When that «as done they conceived they had done their duty, lie appealed to parents to interest themselves in their Sabbath Schools, sa that their children should in turn be the liberators of other« from captivity. Their Sabbath Schools had not been doing the work they should have done ; there was only 1 in SO of their Sabbath School «chalara woo became church members ; whereas in the old country there was 1 ia 4. This Was a strik ing difference. Then the teachers, he wa» sonly to say, were not what they should be. They were not only neglectful in their preparations of their subjects, but he thought, in many cases, they were themselves captive. How could it be expected, theil, thal tCaohers who had not themselves attained salvation, were fit persons to lead their children from captivity ? The teachers should \>e well prepared for their work ; they should believe; in it, and faithfully and consistently act up to their professions as Christians. There was much to be done ; there were numbers of boys and girls running the streets that might be indueed to attend Sabbath School, and so become good men and women. He knew of such instances where children so rescued from captivity had become noton'y good Chiistiaiis but Jealous workers in the Sunday School, and in the church. Teachers, however, were not supported by the parents, as they should ba ; ffimv of them were very devoted / they gave their time-frequently at the expense ol'their health-to this Work, and they should receive every assistance and encouragement. Again, there was another kind of help which was necessary in every thing-and that was monetary assistance. Here the rev. gentleman concluded a very earnest and interesting sermon with a powerful appeal to the congregation to assist the Sabbath School as far as their means would permit. Books were wanted badly, and these were things that could not be ob. tained without money. Puring the collec tion the children sang, " Sow and faint not." and after, the Benediction, " Who shall shine." In the afternoon, the examination took place, and it was pleasing to see the church so full of visitors. There Was a good muster of scholars and teachers on the platform the boys on one side and the girls on the other. The Choir was also ringed on th« platform. Tho Rev. the Chairman of the Circuit was examiner, and in opening the proceedings he said' he was exceedingly pleased to see so many friends present. Anniversary 8und»y was always an interest' ing occasion in the Wesleyan Church-from the oldest to the youngest. These who bad kindly attended would, BO doubt, be pleased with the singing; he was fond of singing himself, and he thought most people were« The programme would consist of singing, examinations in Catechism, and Scripture, and recitations. The children and choir then sang, " Jesus, I come to thee"-«-MÍ6B Austin presiding at the hnrmooium, and Mr. Gambfill leading. The subject chosen for examination in Scripture was the history and character of John the Baptist-*4>egiuning with the name of his f.iiher and mother ; bis father's calling j prophesies connected with John's birth ; his name ; his sojourn in the wilderness ; his food while there, and its nature ; how the locusts were eaten ; hit I clothing ; comparisons between John and Elijah ; bis going lo Jerusalem ; his preach« ing and fortelling fha coming of the Messiah ; what John taught his disciples ; when he commenced baptising and where ; the baptism of Christ, and what happened on that oc casion ; his gofng to Salem ; bis incarcera tion in prison, what was the reason i \ Herodias' demand for the Baptist's head, and I his execution ; his character was described as I being brave, humble, self- denying, faithful, and a reformer of sin. All the questions were vety intelligently answered, by both seottons of scholars-it being difficult to say which excelled, the girls or the hots. The hymn, "The house upon a rock," was thea sung i and a recitation followed by Algernon Johnson, " Give the little boys a chance" ; Mary Linsley, " A true story" ; and Prosper Johnson, "The way to be happy*'î each one recited very nicely-the first named little boy speaking up capitally. Mr« W. Lane then led the infants in n little ditty, very appropriately named, " Giving." A section of the younger boys and girls were then examined in Catechism, the portion being that containing the Ten Command' ments; the "My duty towards God," and " My duty towards my neighbour." Though Mt. Austin requested each hoy and girl td> answer each question separately, so strong is the force of habit, that they all " took up the running"-to use a sporting phrase-and chimed in together, sing-scrag fashion. This is one of the mudera inovatipss we can never take kindly to-whether it be in a Public or a Sunday School ; and in this respeot, as nell ns some others, we cannot but think that the Sunday Schools 35 or 49 years ago were better than no«. At any rate, we have » very strong recoüect/ion of what was expected in the matter of Church Catechism, in thoa? days, of a boy or girl nf from ll to 14 or la years of age. The boy or girl over 12 who could nol repeat the whole of the Church Catechism correctly was generally considered a fit subject for Coventry. lt is true, learning by rote was then the fashion i.i all schools, and in many respects, it was not a bad one. It may 'ie that each one of the boys and girls on Sunday knew the Com* mandmeuts correctly-as well as other por. lions of the Catechism, but we'd prefer tu hear each one answer by him oi herself with* out the sing-sung accompaniment of their next door neighbours. Mr. Austin evidently thinks os we do on this matter-but vhs young people drifted so nebow into the old way, just as if they couldn't h erip it. Emily Laue recited " The little child's Amen" ; and then came thc presentations, Mr, Austin said that it was customary amor; Wesleyan« to present their Sabbath Schoo* scholars with Bibles when they left school tc go out into the world, and he did not thinl tbey could pi ve them anything better. Hf held in his hand a Bible whieb was givei bim thirty years ago, when be stood in jua the same' position his young friends stooc that day ; and he could safely stay that it bu done bim good sett ice during tba whet »nd it ijhte&ttk;'imm'' jmirô* ttíiifiti îiandedthe first to WUlfsin. Iiinsley, wh( yas leaving eohool; the next "was foi WJHiani HcNevin, who had left tho dis trict, but it would be forwarded to bim ; number 3 was for Elisabeth Hall ; the nexi for Jane Maisey, who had also left the dis trict ; and the fifth for a young lady, whose «ame wac, until lately, Kate Linsley, bul was now something else-and who, h« night add, had been connected with the «ehool for 17 years. Prizes wera also given to Albert'Lane and James Turner for earl j attendance-the marks being respectively, *3 and SI, Albert Lane then recited ai " Anniversary Address" very nicely, auc thia was followed by the children with th* ly mn, " Cheerfully Give." Tho second division (older boys and girls) were thor examined in Catechism, and a very well recited dialogue, "The End of Time,' between F. HOBS and J. Turner ; and Mr Austin's concluding remarks, brought thc proceedings to a close-though the pro gramme was not fiuished-but which, il was announced, would be concluded ot Wednesday evening, when the Annus! Report would be read in the church. Tht hymn, "We'll wait till Jesus comes," wai then sung by the children, and prayei offered by the Chairman, In the evening the children were again present, and sang as lustily as ever. On Monday, notwithstanding an ox. ceedingly high wind, the youngsters and their friends were astir oarly ¡ and at 9'3C .o.m., four of Mr. Fendergast's 'busses and waggonettes conveyed them to the "Groves," where all 6orts of innocenl sports wer* provided. Swings, cricket, rounders, foot-racing and jumping ; thc lively games of tag, disappointments, etc., afforded ample amusement for persons oi all ages. A coalition band was formed ol members of the Church Army Band and thc Salvation Army Band, and played some most exquisito music, both tn route and on the ground. Music is an incentive to danc ing, and, no doubt, roany a nimble pair ol feet wore twitching for a hop- which, of course, could not be thought of under the circumstances. However, there was any amount of fun-in fact, it was about the jolliest outing of the kind we have been present flt in the district. His Worship the, Mayor, and other sedate aldermen ; several elderly gentlemen, bandsmen, Salva tion " Xrmy officers, and "hallelujah" lasses, bank clerks, Sunday school teachers -in . fact, ' people of all persuasions, oil professions and degrees of society, might be seen intermingling in the several games, much to the satisfaction of those few elders and others who did not join in. The child ren were well attended to by willing hands j well supplied with sandwiches, «ake, oranges, lollies, and tea ; and prizes awar ded for racing and jumping. Instead of the high wind being unpleasant, it had a most stimulating effect, and braced people up to enjoy themselves, which' we ire sure they did much better than they would on a calm wann day. It was a source of regret to many that the Eev Mr, Austin was too unwell to he present-much as he would have wished to be there. Mr. Howard, a student from Newington College, acted on his behalf, however, and made himself very active among the children. When the sun was getting low, the bell was rung for a parting cup of tea. The Doxology was sung ; oheers were given for the teachers, the visitors, the Band, the Superintendent, and all were driven across the pad docks, and up George- street, home to the eohool-house, in Maoquarie-srreet, 'and there dismissed- well pleased, we are sure, with their day's outing. On Wednesday evening, there was a very good attendance at the publio meeting, held in the church. The Rev. J. S. Austin was Chairman, and in opening the proceedings, expressed his regret at not being present at the pic-nic on Monday ; he was not well, and did not think it prudent to run any risk. He was glad to see so many present, and particularly his friend Mr. Williams ; the Bev. P. Fitzgerald, though he would gladly have beon present, was prevented by prior engagements. Mr. Austin, while speaking upon the length of the programme, «nd the time it would take to get through it, commented upon the late hours kept in the places of business, and hoped to see. ere long, a diminution of the hours of labour to shopkeepers as well as others ; then they would be able to begin their meetings earlier, and, as a matter of course, fiuish them earlier. We may state that the scholars sang several hymns very nicely through the evening; speoches were made by Mr. Lane (Superintendent) ; Mr. W. C. Gambrill. the Bov. Morgan Williams, B.A., and the Chairman. The speeches were largely anecdotal, and, of course, dwelt en tirely upon Sunday School work. Mr. Williams was disoursive, and reviewed (Sunday School work generally-from the time of Mr. Baikes to tba present day ; he had sean the benefits arising from Sunday School work in tho old country, in South Australia, and in this colony, and thought that the Sunday School was the seed bed, so to speak, of Christianity. The Chairman, while* crediting the teachers of the sohool with an earnest desire to do their work well, was of opinion that the work done was small iu proportion to the size of the town and the number of its inhabitants. There were far too many children running tho streets on Sunday afternoons, and these, he thought, could bo brought in, and made not only use ful members of society, but good Christians. Teachers, he thought, should interest them selves more with their scholars, and visit them at their homes. Faronts should assist the teachers, for it was their duty, above all others, to see that their offspring were reared in the knowledge of the Scriptures, and induced to become Christian men and women.-" He was pleased to hear that there wore four canvassers attached to the school, and ho thought that if they divided the town into four sections, and each one .worked up his section properly, their work this year would be crowned with success, and that instead of two priées for attend ance next year, there would be fifty. J Both Ur, Lane «nd Gambrill also dwelt earnestly upon the duty of parents working with tho teachers, and laid particular stress upon the necessity of regular and early attendance. The Secretary, Mr. Theo. Clarke, read the 65th Annual Report-from the perusal of which we find that there ure 82 scholars on the roll, divided into ß classes; 2 f.ir boys and 3 for girls, and an infant -class. There has been a falling off in the number tn tb« roll, owing to families leaving the tLotrict, The echpol is supported by volun money ao'raisefl*expenö'od in boote ¡en&: other eohool requiiites. Tho boSVe used in the school are tho Bible. Jet and 2nd Cate - chism, and the Wesleyan Sabbath School Hymn Book. The school is governed by a Superintendent; a 'Treasurer, a Secretary, 2 librarians, 4 canvassers, 9. male and 5 female teachers. Since the last Beport, 6 of the scholars have become church mem bers ; five of the elder fcholara hare been presented with Bibles, and ceased to be scholars, andona remains as teacher in tho school. There is a library, consisting of 160 useful books, which have all been well read, and greatly needs replenishing which cannot be done at present for want ef funda. The officers and teachers of the school express their gratitude to tho Quarterly Meeting for their "wise and judicious action in appointing E. Ducker, Esq.,. to » visit the schools throughout tho circuit, and they would hear bear testimony to his visit to our school, as being very instructive, and greatly appreciated by both teachers and scholars, and hope that the appointment will be permanent." Refer - ence is made in the Beport to the resuscita tion of the Band of Hope, which is attri buted largely to the untiring exertions of the Secretary,-Miss Dean, and ber assis tant, Mrs. Powers (late Miss K- Linsley). A kindly reference is also made to the late Mr. William Alderson, " who has gone to his reward-after 46 years nf zealour labour as a canvasser.", In conclusion, the com pilers of the Beport pray " That God will still own and bless us, and cause the seed sown from Sabbath to Sabbath to bear fruit, to His praise and glory ; and at the last great day both teachers and scholars may appear faultless before His throne in glory for Christ's sake." Mr. Clarke was warmly applauded at the conclusion of the reading of the Beport-as, in fact, were all of the speakers. Recitations were very nicely rendered by Ernest Huxley ("Doing Nothing") ; George Hall (" Work Brothers Work") ; and Mr. T. Clarke (" Atheist's Daughter"). A collection was taken up, and the children sang " The house upon a rook." A vote of thanks was accorded to the Bev. M. Williams, by acclamation, the Benediction was pronounced, and a very pleasant meeting terminated. Wo may mention that Miss Austin presided at the harmonium during the evening, and that Mr. Gambrill, assisted by the teachers, led the singing. TUB BABBIT QUESTION SOLVED.-" Bough on Bats" to the rescue ! This article, which may be had of Chemists, in wood hoses, three sizes, cleans out RABBITS, Moles, Skunks, Sparrows, Weasel, Mink, Gophers, Chipmunk, Ground Squirrels, Bats, Mice, Bosches, Mies, Ants, Beetles, Waterbugs, Bed-bugs, Moth, Potato- bugs, Insects. " Rouen ON CORMS."-Ask for Wells' '. Rough on Coins." Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At chemists and druggists. " ROUGH os ITCH."-" Rough on I ch" cures skin humors, eruptions, ring worm, tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet,.chilblains, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch, TOG District Court Jury will be paid on application at the Registrar's Office. " Rouen OH CATARRH" corrects offensive odors at once, Complete cure of worst chronic cases; also unequalled as gargle for diptheria, sore throat, foul breath, "ROUOHON PILES."-Why suffer Piles? Immediate relief and compte cure guaranteed. Ask for .. Rough on Piles." Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles. ST. ALBANS.-At the Police Court, on the 25th instant, before Messrs. W, Walker and John Fernance, J's.P., Henry Douglass was proceeded against by Sunior- sergeant Kil patrick, Crown Lands Ratliff for the District of Windsor, for being in unlawful occupation of 40 aores of Crown Lands, situate on the McDonald River, in tljo Windsor Police District. A lot of evidence was taken in this case, and as the defendant set up a claim as having selected the land in question, the Bench adjourned the heming for a fortnight, in order to have the decision of the Land Board, which meets on the 3rd proximo, at Windsor. " Rouou ON EATS."-C'ears out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, insects, skunks, jack rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists, " BUCUU-PAIBA."-Quick, complete otire, all annoying Kidney, Bl ed 1er, and Urinary Diseases. Al chemists and druggists. Moses Moss & Co., Agents, Sydney. 