Mr. Darrell's Benefit on Thursday Night, Tth Ittflta A good circle and well filled house generally greeted tbe rise of the curtain. The fact of the beneficiare being assisted by gentlemen amateurs was a great "draw/* as there is always a certain amount of curiosity felt by their friends as to how they will come out of it, a sentiment which has as good an effect in amassing an audience as the most profound admiration. " Still Waters Run Deep," tbe well-known comedy by Tom Taylor, has suffered many things of many men in the course of its long existence,and will to the end of time; or while amateuro aspire to depict the characters talcing part therein. The cast was not a happy one, Mr, C. Smith, although recognised as an amateur of no mean capacity, was not at home as "Captain Hawskley," iu the first act especially, where he mumbled painfully; was much better in the second, and suffered a relapse in the third. Mr. J. Sugden as the *' Irish Gentleman/* infused a good "brogue," and plenty of animation into the short lines allotted him. Mr. J. E. Harris, as " Langford," had simply nothing to do but walk in, say "good evening" to his hostess, and, in the course of subsequent events, assume the various ex- i pressions of face required of him, all of which he accomplished satisfactorily. Mr. F. Shaw, as j ** Markham," had more to do, but left it out; and so missed an opportunity for distinguishing himself, and was reduced to witnessing the domestic disturbances in John Mildmay^s drawing-room, with the requisite display of emotion that suchexhibitions would produce on tl^e lineaments of a casual visitor; but, judging from appearances, he waB absorbed in other contemplations, probably those of the ghostly character with which he was to be invested later on, as the apparition of "Louis del Franchi" in the "Corsican Brothers/' the approaching gloom of which evidently foreshadowed the comedy, as not an audible smile wasprovoked duringthe whole evening, except byMr.<Jerald as " Brother Potter." On the concludon of the <&medy--Tom; Taylor says it is, so it must be-the much-talked-of "Federation March" was produced. The effect was not up to expectations. An analysis of the whole would be difficult to give, and still more difficult to understand, except by the thoroughly initiated. To the uninitiated the compo sition, as far as the words went, seemed to have worthy exponents in Miss Sophie Harris and Mr. C. Brown; and, as regards the music, the orchestra did their best with what they had to work on. The final agony of the evening was the resurrection of that mystic drama,|now old and thread-bare, and which with its ghosts, should be at rest-the " Corsican Brothers/' In old days the tremolo violin music used to herald the approach of the defunct " Franchi," who silently, stiff, and motionless, arose through a trap door, and stood behind the living brother; and j when he had done all that was necessary, in the way i of disconcerting that brother by being there, disap-: peared through the yielding doors of an old Dutch j dock, with any amount of dignity and spectral effect. | " What a falling off was there " on Thursday night, i when a figure (immediately suggesting the opening lines of Hamlet's first soliloquy-" oh that this too, too solid flesh would melt!") in a stealthy and bur- i glarious manner came on from the side wings, with i out-stretched hand, which he laid like the grip of the law on his brother's shoulder! so announeed his ] presence, and then as corporeally retreated from whence he came. One by one the original texts were altered, and one illusion after another which past! representations had created vanished-&o; did I, say- ] ing " Pshaw V' \ 