ihe arJland uardian, Shr 2ortland Wirror. PabtisYed Er~ry xaaay, WedaesCar t ONYDAY. NOVEMBEEE I. 11 . W?,lrz.-.ince rour last isne we have ej,eri-nenl the two extremes of hT-t an I col To-dar the weather is ,J.!jndil-nei:her T-ot nor cold--the iapl y reedium ha, Lien struck, and no ,-e can grunLmle unless it be those chronic growlers usually denominated I-, s-irLne,wo can see some drawback t eey-thri?.. i;riLr r. lT ST.Ic -- 1ET.T A.\ndet+ and (;,. inform us that this :-arner is expected to leave Newcastle t,-mtJrrow for Portland direct, and will lrave this pert for London about the :2-;th November. l)WrTInc EsrarnrausxEr. - Our amateurs and rocali-t are coming out i:n force for the ERfle Club entertanment ou Friday erening next. The pro gramme lhar been issued, and the public cannot ?rswI that they are not getting sufficient for their money. The first portion i taken up with the piece ensritit? -- Withered Leavte." and in thi, rtme of the lpefumrsse will make their first blw to a l'ortlanid audience while ether, are old and tablihLed favoriten. The vocal portion contains s, le-s than 14 numbers. and in this again several of the ting rs are only lknwn by repute, and have their reputa tion to e;tablish. while the rest we have previously li teneds to with pleastbe. asd will doubtless experience the same feeling. perhaps with additional enjoy. Iment, on Fridav. To wind up with a strong orchestra. under the guidance of M.r. W. I1. Perry, will perform some of the newest music of the day. tSLvtTt, .aas-.-- The local corps of :hi r ,gaivati?!n ?-gave the main body of :L' enemu y a rcpirte yesterday and corn s:r-nce I an attack on the outposts. So,nth Portland wa. vi-ited by a stronng detachment, including the anud and banner, when an active Lombardment of the suburb tms:aioned was carried on for the ;pace of abotrr an boar-and-a-half. HIOTnIZrLreL?s Sillw.-This week. on Thursday. the Portland forticultural an'd Floricnltanrl .seiety holds its Spring .?how. The occsnin of the society's opeatiou ih likely to be marked by a very succ?s-fil exhibition. The exhibits are not to be confined to local flriir--alrealy a large consignment of plants and ti?srers his arrived; from Belfast,'and we hear of intendingexhibi tort of stairy prslnac from the countrv district-- Th~o wtasthr-bhs been favor ahlsyto the ;growth of tower,' and we expect to see one of the ttost, if not the mort, successful flower shows ever held in l'ortlatid............... Dsli earr F s.-Tlhse eg;, or eggs either would be cors-et, seeing that it was snlk one irbihei f.nd., blnt resolred itself -- into two when. -dropped- whilitwe ds''ril rl in our last issue. can be seen (thnngh tntfrtntuaely not in theirentirrlh on .a-c-,un of the lreak age referredi'o) by any lovers of the curious who will take the trouble to call at the office: f .this paper before to-morrow evening.. Botanic Gardens.--If ever our gar- dens were a favorite resort they should be so at the present time. Under the energetic and discriminating manage- ment of Mr. Couch, the Curator, they now present an appearance that at once does credit to their Superintendent and the town. The well-trimmed walks, the carefully kept beds, and above all the beautiful bloom of the flowers, are both delightful to the eye and refreshing to the senses, and are but to be seen to be appreciated. Nothing could be more enjoyable than to spend an hour on a summer evening drinking in the glorious perfume which floats alone from the numberless roses, and if our gardens are not a popular resort at the hour we have mentioned, it is because our citizens are not appreciative of the beauties of nature -but we should imagine the most cynical person in this respect could not help being charmed by a stroll through the Portland Botanic Gardens. -Darr ?Sm.--No exhibit should have attached or marked on it the nasi, of the coeeritor. When handing in your exhibit yon will be given a ticket and the number on that ticket ,will be the di tiaguhing maI Zfor ver ex hibit. A brand or name on batter would, we consider, bsineienfto di qualify. The cuttomary method of article shouel be readr for the eable. frsrdcrxx. Corsrrs - Both the Beroagh-a ire- " dkt' 'stsptiZ morrow. We are not aware that the former will have any unusually impor tant business to transact, as most of the burning questions which have for we time past occupied he attention of C?unillora appear to be in a fair way of se?lemennt. The Shire Cosnc l are rtl'ot io asined busines of two imaths, to doi with. and before any ordinary business is proceeded with the annual meeting to adopt and confirm eb b.alanceshee will be held. ERauwaTx Co rsam.i s tazsr-It is highly probable that we will have the ailwy Co.misI C i r here in a fer da??, it having been arranged that their inspection of the Western lines, de ferred on account of the decease of Mr. AL-, shall take place during the present ee The Coommi aers wll probablN not star in Portland for any length of time- and it would be wise if there is anything to be brought under their notice that a deprartion should be ap pointed at to- morrow's meeting of'the Ctcail. It is understood that the matter of waiting accommodation at the pier station aid the feiicec a~pIained of near the north ain are now engag. ing the attention of the Department, so it will b.ihardly cessary to press thesi mttezi,'1atthter as anotherpiece of work of which the Ccmixssionera. if we remember tightly, expressed them seles greatly in farorofontheoccasion of a ..former, isit to Portland, rirz a high lerel rsseg - or.orheadg leading from the steps at the foot of Julia street over the line of rails to the jetty. The matter cannot be said to be a case of urgent nessity, but the need of such a bridge was recognised by some of the heads of the depa?tment, and we are not sure that a promise was not given that it should be done. There should be no difficulty in getting this comparatively inexpensive and highly convenient piece of work done if the matter is only represented to the Com missioners in a proper light by the Conci, and the previous conversation on the matter, of which doubtless there is a record, adduced as a proof that the' Department has recognised thenecessit of the high level crossing. Orcr Iaison bL?s-There appears to be a minconception in the minds of some people as to the amount available out of the expenditure of the £4Z,JC0 loan for thePortlhndharbor-works. Mr.-nimmo's statement made in Parliament last week was o the eject that up to the 30th of June, lt56, £11.5?3 had been spent. The balance of the loan amounted to £-9,159, and out of this sum £.0,4J had been set apart for works to be car ried on during the year 1S3-7. The Minister stated the work would be pro ceeded with immediately Sir John Coode's report arrives, and assuming the whole of the £20,0aO is spent before the m0th June next there .will be £9,159 left. If, however, the £20,000 is not swallowed up, the balancewill be treated as the residue of previous estimate and put on next year in addition to, the, £9,159 balance of the loan. In what direction the Department intend to spend the £?0,0.-J-whether in continuing the bout-harbor or constructing Sir John Coode's inner breakwater scheme as. modified by the Public Works Depart ment we are not in a position to state. It may be thought by some that the very fact of the Department waiting for Sir John Coode's report goes to show that the boat-harbor is not to be pro ceeded with. but it must be remembered that since the latter work has been stopped the Department have supplied Sir John with full particulars in regard to it, to that it would appear that the fate of the boat-harborlargely rests with the opinion expressed in the report from the eminent authority, who, b the way, seems to be of the same persuasion as the " Hielandmon "-takes time and does it well; that is we presume he will fulfil the latter portion of the sentenc;e for he certainly has taken the time. IMon-r RlIcmxosi TrA-3IEETI-G. The Weslcyan tea-meeting at M31t. Rich mond on the Prince of Wales' Birthday proved a great success. Visitors were present from Bridgewater, Drik Drik, Dartmoor; Portland, and the immediate vicinity of the locar in uo. Fully 100 sat down to the tea held at 2 p.m., and a second spread at 6 p.m. was also ex tensively patronised. After the tea the young people present enjoyed them sCelves to their heart's content in out door gamnes, nd an extremely pleasant afternoon was spent In the erening addresses were delivered in the church by the IRev. Tredinnick, buahnissioana-vr, and other sp~aers. The little church was prettily decorated for the occasion, theJadiesj who proyided the comestbles andiinnistered to the ,uwii of aiuMrsa gave univeitili satisfaction, and altoge ther a most enjoyable time was spent If our 3Mount icbhmond friends intend this to be thes:fiutaofotoier annual gatherings in the future we are sure they will year by year become more and more seoceesful.-, , -+ ment under the auspices of the Hamil ton branch of this society wa~ held at the place hamed a Dh Tnrsdoyl ait MLr. Peacock, President of thd Association, delivered a telling oration, after which a coneirt was held, in iriclieinaiins. froun-Ballarit, Ararat4 and eed e afar distant as Creswick took part The net proceeds are to be devoted to local chari.ies. F•ooP ,+iL SPoi.?a.Acepanes for pincipal events close to-night and will appear in this paper on Wednesday. We understand that in the majority of cises those who have enteredwill accept, Ss~ciiag - - c ci llsr are :o take mter to form a Race Club at thplatce. A meetig is called for :o m rrw afri oon, when re hope allin eted will atend and that the move re will be carried a:r a sauesaifl isse. The s riabilit of foming a rae e dab t Heriwood was dIsed as mt ight te last iei, .anansi the toeof the speeches we were led to believe that the dlab woeald hire beew estliteb at oce:, but foir some tea such was not the case. Swrnam e-J;z he ope?igexer cisesof the local Swimmin Club, which were to bare taken place o Saturday had to be posrqpoed, owing to the en saniitraits-tf-the- sweath -entilnext Pc??a HouLrn-The Gerr?amw? Gatere notifies the parclamation of Trir . 1a9s 4h- of the pine maonh. as a public holiday in the Borough of Portland. Woo--We repoted in oar last issue -i ` 31csr Mndersion and Co. weri receivinvg wol in large qantities every day; and az iad to state : at thse same gratifyi·ng etae. of things prevails at r§_ t.I W. SerieITs `wool storem Tie gentleman named in answer to our sair?y asor whether he wasu heeisi any wool Ireplied yes; any amount of it" Ta rox4rsgi lEElrzsaeT.so-The Geret notifies the tempsrar reserra tion of 37 acres in the parish of Clendah for the use of Aborigines, adjoining the site previously reserrved for the same purpoue. SIrSrxcre(T .-The Commissioner of Titles has just _ furnished the Law Department with the rtarns from his oice for Octoler,.by which it appears that the ofiee iubecoming more and more expeditions in its dealings with public business. For instance since the begin ning of the year until ;31st October tihe office dealt with 37,3 transactions, the number of dealings for the corres ponding 10 months in 18.I;3 being 3 ?324 we e ; ~orfaE 1! per cent or 4111 Cees The number of ap plications lodged in September. and not completedrg Octdn be x nnbeied 69, of which. 60 were delayedthrough infor malities or defects in the applicatrion, and eight stopped for urrey purposes so that the office was not responsible for the delal in anyone of these cases whilst in June last there were i6 aun completed application The average rime taken daring October for complet ing a simple' tnsfer not requiring the isse of a certificate was 1. days as against 2.3 days in June. Where a certificate had to be issued three dars was the average in October. but six in June. For applications requiring sb divisions 8.3= das weree r'required in Jbdne but only 6.3 dais in October, and of this time 3.9 days were occuaried by thbe srrer branc. There were issued during October 1339 certificates of title. \--LrEcrrs AmPsors-The iss.-h e of licenses under section 49. "Land Act 1 ," to the following persons haae" been approved :--W. Poynton, 2-, parish of 3acarthnr; I). Shannon. 12 acre paris of arrain; I. J. Willing, 2 acres, parish of Mvamyn. WoUnts s - racEs. - The London Erasng Standard reports a novel form of religious mania, which has just deroloped itself at Cincinnati in the United States. The inhabitants afflicted with it believe that two ladies, both married and sisters, a rerespectively Christ and the Holy Ghost manifest in the flesbh.,So gret is the influence exercised by these two women, that their followers to facilitate their worhip have given up nlucrative positions and aban doned alike tallings and homes to life near them. They reoic'iie the factof Christ manifesting himself in a female bye the theory that in Heaven there are no sexes. This form of fanaticism is hitherto unique; but then, ifthe fnatics after all should prove to be in the right, the closest possible assimilation of the sexes, i this - w?ild - is' obviously the nearest practicable approach to the blessed condition of the next: . FoaresCE. - ihe CoCk' lioensefor 5I acres in the prish of Warrain has been forfeited for non- compliance with conditions. As Iv Saoru. Bs.--The Aarat Adr&a; tiser of Friday's date reports that shearing is almost completed in most of the sheds in the district. The condition of the wool is mentioned as good, and the yield above the average. The same paragraph goes on to saythat the incom ing wool keeps the resoumvres of the IRailway Department pretty heavily strained, specials running out daily. An increased quantity of wool is this season being sent down for shipment to Portland. ; Wmar a farmer named Horne, in company with his wife and danghter, was transacting some busineass in the Lands Department on Wednesday after nooni he suddenly fell dead. -He had not been in very good health, buht nothing serious wars anticipated from his coadition. bhe body was removed for medical inquiry. Lass.s As-rioy.-The following applications forleases under section 32 " Lnd Act 184&" have been approved: -J. Iinogue, ?--0 acres, parish of Warrain; Jas. Lightbody, 131 acres, parish of Gleneig; Allan Collie, 416 acres, parishes Dartmoor and Kilkella; , UJ. .cnnis, 4 acres parish of Glenelg; W r. IL arr,9l2 acres, parish of War rain; IL O Brien, 483 acres, parish of Kinkella. Under section -2, "ei?dn Act 184" :--IMaxwell Dick, 243a Ir 17p, parish of Dartmnoor. Lc?nE?N.. -Coar.---The quartely transfer sittings of the Iicensing Dis tricts of Portland, iesywood and Bridge water will he held in the Courthouse oh Monday,-?6th December. Th e:,fastl G.:=de says ---The soug. gestion made. in our last issue about changing the name of the town of Bel; stto that of "Port Fairy" appea? to begeneray accepted as a step in the ritdiisdtitin. At the banquet held at thetar of the .West IHotel on Tues day last; in bonneetiso with the Horti. cutural Societya gentleman, who was a tranger to Belfast, when making a few remarks having reference to the flower show, opened by using the termnn "Port Fairy," stating he knew th, ple best bythatname. The erefere. i 7' . ·. . -+: to "P- Fa&iY; was received with aplaz; e by the gentlemen prsent, and the rie- chairnan promptly informed the Porlander that the townpeople intended shortly to change to popular name of Port Fair?y." S~tIE~sm--le Le. DaWN arrived Frida night and came alongside I i, She discharged and took in on Saturdar, and sailed at her usal time tiue this mornitg. The~elson azi on Sazurday night and came alonside. She disharged and took in cargo to-day. and will sail to.-mo V oaarras edabotSat im.thimoazt and came to the pier to transact her Arcrno SusLL--On Saturdar at his sale. The first lot pet up for competi tined werhe lhelorths for the forthcoming .jlotn meetin hoa. I and 2 Confec er s Ii wehog tomCher and knocked down for £L No offer was received for the publican's booth.' bet we undeand it wrsiierwards dis pesdoE ofpivsat elyd ,Tirfe llgrarn sows bruht f£l Is and 13s 6d respe; tirey, mad sukers wes sold at froam Is to s perplair : we often hear of a member of the Ring being -anble to .meet his egamants, antI makina ameelf'sceice.n eeking day, it is seldom we read of oneseeking the protection of the Insolverncy Crt. Especially do the Jewish aetallician stand by each other in times of depres sin. BEt one of these, Abraham Snider. has been allowed to go to the wall, and isnowradergoiag the process of" wit washing." In other words he has filed his schedule. His rulbiitis all his debts being due to o-rligionists, amount to Lrd; and -is bis' amets to flCdnly: Losses on the taurf are. given.as the reason of his collapse, he having so hle say, lst £.5000i n that way between .Novrember 1??4 and November 1 i_. Arrerrr ru 13cs a' dGauciniC Mi Echoca telegram datedSaturdaijsa4s:. A dastardly attempt was made, either last nightor'esdr this moriing., to burn dowrnr SýCºStlri aolioct'Church here. It seems that Mr. Eugene Stratton on entering the choich rbfrtreligie& purposes, discovered the gas burning close to the roof, and she ,ooA work alight The alarm was,given and the fire extindsished. The iceudiary had evidently cat the ~as pipe :with the intention of setting fire to the roof; a cat 3-inches long-bein made by some sharI instrument The Rev. Father Crane who isin charge here, gsre n formition at once to the police, waso are making enquiries. The church building is insured, but fortunately the damage done is not coniderable. Drrz os or 0? A E urwar Taars.-On Thrmamas morningt Branxholme.the Spedactar says, some little anxietyr'as occasioned by the non arrival of the Cas tertontrain dueabout 1120 a.m. How ever, a few minutes before 12 o'clock. the sigal iwas rhalleiged, and is the triin approached drawing a heavy load of trucks and car?iages; it .was noticed that the engine No. 2t was disabled. It appears that about a mile on the Bra2azolme side of the Grassdale Sta tions thi left hnd'e c snfrinfr 1siipo the engine gare way, but after some slight repairs; driver Shepherd-who was in charge, managed to continue the journey to Branholmne, whence another engine was wired for from xarat It says rery-minuch for theskill of alloncerned that the disabled engine was patched up, and enabled to continue the return journey within 20 minutes of the regular time of departure., the level character of the track and the lightness of the traffic no doubt materially assisting. Bzr.ansr Hovrcrrcxa Seaow.Thi show was held on Tuesday last, and is reported to have been the best kerp held by the Belfast society. Mr. J. Coach, of the Botanic Gardens represented Port land on the occasion, and officiated as one of the jodges of cut flowers. In responding to the toast of the jldges at a luncheon held the same afternoon Mr. Conch referred in high terms to the exhibits, and in pot plants particularly he was. sure fortland, conll not show anythingisuperior. Th is oertainiy a feather in the cap of this place when an acknowledged expert takes our Sorical tual products as a criterion for compli men'ing those allowed on all sides to be of a high degree of excellence. - Cens.--The Spectator says --The long talked of chess 'match between. the Hamilton and Portland dclubs is, we understand, to come of on the 23rd. otuasion will perhaps, not be very strongly represented, 'as seveznalof onr best players cannot.'thio" lbasiness arrngements or otherwise, e present However, those whi'o go will be ie to give, a good?cocunt of- them?ea, stand that the Hamilton contingent will giodown orernight the match will coi mence aboutl0 .hm. and ritii'ieai 4 p.m.. with an- 'hors adjournment The Portland chesists are naturally caralierld' b'halt od&-?i7 as the match has been owing for some time, Portland ha rig, risited us last. which fell at- MeIrne. o. Saturday afternoon between twoaand te.~?o'dcock WooL roS PoaviD.--JCmeenterpri shown by Portla~n'irchrints in aford ing opportunities -foa-shipping direct from that port-to·: d P, bearing good fruit We (,h z.ito .SIqcoue-) notice by' the Aarat p1ptr ihr'jnore wool3hanmrer i s tonbosent td from that localitiy toP tlsnd, doubtless asdissbilig .of seeing if a arnnge, ment cannot- be .made for holdi?g no)(b hakgenf:o fe. he"d"ugof sale isn their town.nextjea. M te'g tai bellg us tL~a Ibrahun a Lesser, a magistrate, a Wa~non S'nr councillor, and head of rte finm of Lesser and Co.. had a paralytic seizure whist attending an amater - .:.n on Friday night. lie gradnally v uk and died at fite o'clo-k n .: Si:=rlv mnorning. He w1k s ;Il y'I a?-'lt, a had re?uile'l in ('leram:e 7 ea Deeaued. wa . -b. a . "d --r. and his death i- gr,,tIy reg,,r_::ed. 