A BEPTJBLIOAN EXPLOSION. I HOBAHT. Thursday. Much surprise has "been caused iu political oiroles, and great consternation among federalists, by the speech whioh was delivered at the President's dinner on Wednesday night by Mr. Adyo Douglas, Premier of Tasmania and chairman of oomtnitteeB for tho Fedoral Counoil. Tho toast of " Tho Federal Counoil" was proposed by tho Ministor of Lands. It lind been arranged that Mr. Service should roply, bnt as ho suffered from a cold, ho asked Mr. Douglas, who colebra*od his seventieth birthday last year, and who is rather impotuous. Mr. DOUGLAS, in speaking, expressed his opinion that ho had no option but to say th»t federation was bad in some thingH, Uko tho United StatoR of America. (Loud choeers and dissont.) He then wont on to say that ho was oxproRBing his own opinion. Sinoo his arrival in Australia, EO yoars ugo, ho had noticed tho progress made, and folt oortain that a republic was tho dostiny of Australasia. Tho colonios wero gradually forming theinselvoB into a great ompiro, and would not ba long before thoy booamo dissatisfied with hoing governed hy a bit of an island in the northern homiaphero, called Great Britain. (Crios of " Ohl Douglas.") Why it waa ? . . . 'I « all nonsense. (Benewod orioa of "Oh! Douglas.") It waB not a ghost ; it waa a faot. (Dissont.) Mr. Juatioo KERFERD : " What aro you going to gain by it ? " Mr. DOUGLAS (continuing) said that ho did not say that tho colonies should separate in an improper manner like tho United States, but tho separation should bo of a friendly character. No doubt the day would como, as soon aa an European war broke out, whon tho colonies united aB ono would have to con sider that great question, and when they would havo to occupy their attention with federation. Mr. SERVICE : " What about the Soudan? " Mr. DOUGLAS : " Tho Soudan was a piece of hum bug-an ignis fatuus piece of bunkum-not worthy of consideration, lt was all moonshine, done aimply to carry out an arrangement, whioh would have been bettor performed without it. Thia republio waa a now idea. He had forty yoara ago drunk the toast of an Australian Eopublio, and would drink it again before he died. Mr. GRIFFITH: "No. Ohl" Mr. DOUGLAS : He did not care who said " No." By the way they were educating ohildren now in England, the Queen would soon be no more to the Australians than a historical name. Theso Wererhi8 private views expressed at a social gathering; brit he admitted that he would not havo said that ata meeting of tho council. Tho remarka of Mr. Douglas created a sensation at the banquet, and were oondemned by every subse quent speaker. Mr. Dobson, Speaker of the Legis lative Assembly, characterised them aB a joke. 