fates and fetches. [KOVT FIRST PUBLISHED.] UNDER FAESE PRETENCES. A Novel, BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of 'Jacobi's Wife,' 'Martin Deve ril's Diamond,' &c; Chaptee IX.— Elizabeth's Wooin.:. Pebctval and his friends dined with the Herons that evening. Mr. Heron was an artist by profession ; he was a fair, abstracted looking man, with gold eye- glasses, which he was always sticking ineffectually upon the bridge of his nose and nervously feeling for when thev tumbled down acain He had painted several good pictures in bis time, and was in the habit of earning a fairly good income ; bat owing to some want of manage ment, either on his part or bia wife1*:, liis income never seemed quite Urge enough for the needs of the household. The servant's wages were usually in arrear ; the fittings of the bouse were broken and never repaired ; there were wonderful gaps in the furniture and the china, which nobody ever appeared to think of fiHing up. Rupert remembered the ways of the honse when he had boarded there, and was not surprised to find himself dining upon mutton half-burnt and half-raw, potatoes more like bullets than vegetables, and a partially cooked rice pudding, served upon the remains of at least three dinner services, accompanied by sour beer and very indifferent claret. Percival did not even pretend to eat ; he sat back in his chair and declared with an air of polite disgust, that he was not hungry. Rupert made up for his deficiencies, however ; he swallowed what was set before him and conversed with his hostess, who was quite unconscious that any thinfc was uniss. Mrs. Heron had a vague taste for metaphysics and political economy ; she hart beautiful theories of education, which she was always intending, *t some future time, to put into practice for the benefit of her three little boys, Harry, Willy, and Jack. She spoke of these theories, with her bine eyes fixed on vacancy and her fork poised gracefully in the air, while Vivian laboured distastefully through his dinner and Percival frowned in silence at the table cloth. ** I have always thought,' Mrs. Heron was saying sweetly, ' that children ought not to be too much controlled. Their development shonld be perfectly free. My children grow op like young plants, with plenty of sun and air ; they play as they like ; they work when they feel that they can work best : and, if at times they are a little noisy, at any rate their noise never developes into riot.' Percival did not perhaps intend her to hear him, but, below his breath, he burst into a sardonic little laugh and an aside to Mb sister Kitty. ' Never into riot 1 I never heard them stop short of it !** Mrs. Heron looked at him uncertainly, and took pains to explain herself. ' Up to a certain point, I was going to say, Percival, dear. At the proper age, I think that discipline, entire and perfect discipline, ought to begin.' ' And what is the proper age ?' said Percival ironically. ' For it seems to me that tiie boys are now quite old enough to endure a little discipline.' 'Oh, at present.' said Mrs. Heron, with undisturbed composure, ' they are in T^ligjt beth's hands. I leave them entirely to her. I trust Elizabeth perfectly.' ' la that the reason why Elizabeth does not dine with ns !' said Percival, looking at his step-mother with an expression of deep hostility. But Mrs. Heron's placidity was of a kind which would not be ruffled. ' Elizabeth is so kind,' she said. ' She teaches them, and does everything for them ; but, of course they must go to school byand bve. Dear papa will not let me teach them myself. He tells me to forget that ever I was a governess ; but indeed'— with a faint, pensive smile — ** my instincts are too stiong for me sometimes, and I Ion™ to have my pupils back again. Do I not Kitty, darling?' 'I was not a pupil of yours veiy long, Isabel,' said Kitty, who never brcneht her Belf to the point of calling Mrs. Heron by anything but her Christian same. 'Not long,' sighed Mrs. Heron. 'Too short a time for me.1 At this point Mr. Heron, who noticed very little of what was going on around htm, turned to his son with a. question about the politics of the day. Percival, with his nose in the air, hardly deigned at first to answer ; but upon Vivian s quietly propounding some strongly Conservative views, which always acted on the younger Heron an a red rag is supposed to act upon a bull, he waxed impatient and then argumentative, until %t lust he talked himself into a good humour, and made everybody else good-humoured. When thev returned to the untidv but pleasant- looking dra wine-room, they found Elizabeth engaged in picking up the ehildreu's toys, straightening the sheets of music on the piano, and otherwise making herself generally useful. She had changed her dress, and put on a long plain gown of white easinnere, which suited her admirably, although it utu» at least three years old, undeniably tijrlit for her across the shoulders, and short at the wrists, having shrunk by repeated wa*hini:s since the days when it first was made. She wore no trimmings and no ornaments, .whereas Kitty, in her red frock, sported half a-dnzen trumpery bracelets, a silver necklace, and a little bunch of autumn flowers ; and Mr». Heron's pale blue draperies were adorned with dozens of yards of cheap cream-coloured lace. Vivian looked at Klizabeth and wondered, almost for the first time, why she differed so greatly from the Herons. He had often seen her before; but, being now particularly interested by what be had heard about her, he observed her more thfin usuaL Mm. Heron sat down at the piano ; she played well, and was rather fond of exhibiting i^r mnsiml nrnfimenov. PcretvaJ and Kittv were engaged in an animated, low-toned conversation. Rupert approached Elizabeth, who was arranging some sketches in a portfolio with the diligence of a housemaid. She was standing just within the studio, which was separated from the drawing-room by a velvet curtain now partially drawn aside. ' Do vou sketch ?' are these your drawings ?' he asked her. ' No, they are Uncle Alfred's. I cannot ' You are musical, I suppose,' said Rupert, carelessly. He took it for granted that, if a girl did not draw, she must needs play the piano. But her next words undeceived him. 'No, I can't play. I have no accomplish - ' What do you mean by accomplishments ?' asked Vivian smiling. '* I mean that I know nothing about French Elizabeth calmly. ' I never had any systematic education. I should make rather a good housoinaid, I believe, but my friends won't allow me to take a housemaid's titua ' I should think not,' ejaculated Vivian. ' But it is all that I am fit for,' she con tinned quietly. ' And I think it is rather a pity that I am not allowed to be happy in my own way.' There was a little silence. Vivian felt him self scarcely equal to the occasion. Presently she said, with more quickness of speech than usual : — ' Vou have been in Scotland lately, have you not *' *' I was there a short time ago, but for two days only.' ** Ah, ves, you went to Netherglen ? ' I did. The Luttrells are connections of yours, are they not, Miss Murray?' *' Very distant once,' said Elizabeth. ' You know that Brian Luttrell has gone abroad ?' 'I have beard so.' There was very little to be got out of Miss Percival joined them, and he was able to slip back to Kitty, with whom he had no diffi culty in carrying on a conversation. The studio was dimly lighted, and Percival, either by accident or design, allowed the curtain to fall entirely over the aperture between the two rooms. He looked round him. Mr. Heron was absent, and they had the room to themselves. Several unfinished canvasses were leaning against the wails ; the portrait of an exceedingly cadaverous-looking easel ; the lay figure was draped like a monk, and had a cowl drawn over its stiff wooden head. Percival shrugged his shoulders. ' My father's studio isn't an attractive looking place,' he said, with a growl of ' Why did you come into it ?' said Eliza beth. ' I had a good reason,' he answered, looking at her. If she understood the meaning that he wished to convey, it certainly did not embarrass or distress her in the least. She gave him a very friendly, but serious, kind of smile, and went on calmly with her work of sorting the papers and sketches that lay scattered around her. 'Elizabeth,' he said, ' I am offended with you.' 'That happens so often,' she replied, ' that I am never greatly surprised nor greatly concerned at hearing it. ' 'It is of little consequence to you, no doubt,' said l'ercival, rather huffily ; ' but I am — -for one — perfectly serious, Elizabeth. night when Rupert and I were here ?' *' I very seldom come down to dinner. I was with the children.'1 ** The children are not your business,' ' Indeed they are. Mrs. Heron has given them into my charge, and I am clad of it. Not that I care for all children.1' said Eliza beth, with the cool impartiality that was wont to drive Porcivalxo the verv verge of distraction. ?' 1 dislike some childreu very much iudeed. but, you see, I happen— fortunately for myself— to be fond of Harry, Willie, and .lack.' ' Fortunately for yourself, do you say ? them, indeed. Yon can have their society all ilavand every day i anil vet vou could not spare a single hour to come and (line with us like a rational beinfi. Vivian will think they make a nursery-maid uf you, and I verily believe they do :' 'What 'does it signify to us what Mr. Yiviau thinks ? I don't mind bein£ taken for a nursery-maid at all, if I am only doing my proper wort But I would have come down, Percival, indeed 1 unnlcl, if little Jack had Dot seemed so fretful and unwell. I am atraid smm-thin^ really is tile matter with his back ; lie complaiDs so much uf pains in it, him while he was crying and in pain, could I?' 'What did you do with him I' asked Percival, after iiwmtul'i pause. 'I ualke.l up an.l -l.i«n tl.e nxjtn. He went to bleep in my arms.' 'Of course y..u tired yourself out with that great, heavy l..,v :' '? Vou dun't kun»- hc.u- light little Jack is ; you cannot have taken him iti your arms for a longtime, Percival,' said she, in a hurt tone ; ' and 1 am ve.y strong. My hands ought to ** Your brain is strong enough, and your will is strong enough for anything, but your hands ? ' ' Are they U- be useless ?' ' Yes, they me to be useless,'* lie said, 'and somebody else must work for you.' ' That arrangement would not suit me. I like to work for myself,' she answered, smiling. They were standing on opposite sides of a small table on which the portfolio of drawings rested. Percival was holding up one side of the portfolio, and she was placing the sketches ' Do you know what you look like ?' said Percival, suddenly. There was a thrill of pleasurable excitement in his tone, a glow of ardour in his dark eyes. ' You look like a tall white lily to-night, with your white dress and your gleaming hair. The pure white of tlie petals and the golden heart of the lily have found their match.' 14 1 am recompensed for the trouble I took in ehanoinp mv dress this eveninn.' said Elizabeth, glancing down at it complacently. ' I did not expect that it would bring me so poetic a compliment. Thank you, Percival.' ' ' Consider the lilies ; they toil not, neither do they spin,1 ' quoted Percival, recklessly. ' Why should you toil and spin ? — a mere beautiful lily than any one of them. If Solomon in all bis elorv was not equal to those Jndean lilies, then I may safely say that the Queen of Sheba would be beaten out right by our Queen Klizabeth, with her white ' Mrs. Heron would say you were profane,' said Elizabeth, tranquilly. ll These com parisons of yours don't please me exactly, 'ercival ; they always remind me of the flowery leaders in some of the evening papers, and make me remember that you are a journalist. They have a professional air.' ' A professional air !' repeated Percival in disgust. He let the lid of the portfolio fall with a bang upon the table. Several of the sketches flew wildly over the floor, and Elizabeth turned to him with a reproachful look, but she had no time to protest, for in that moment he had seized her hands and drawn her aside with hi™ to a sofa that stood on one side of the room. ' You shall not answer me in that way,' he said, half-irritated, half-amused, and wholly determined to have his way. '* You shall sit down there and listen to me in a Berious spirit, if you can. Nor don't shake your head and look at me so mockingly. It is time that we understood each other, and I don't mean another night to pass over our heads without some decision being arrived at. Klizabeth, you must know that you have mv happiness in your hands. I can't live without you. I can't bear to see you making yourself a slave to everybody, with no one to love you, no one to work for you and save you from anxiety and care. Let me work for you now, dearest ; be my wife, and I will see that you have your proper place, and that you are tended and cared for as a woman ought to he.' Elizabeth had withdrawn her hands from bis; she even turned a little pale. He fancied that the tears stood in her eyes. ' Oh,' she said, ' I wish you had not said this to me, PereivaJL' It was easy for him to slip down from his low seat to a footstool, and there, on one knee, to look full into her face, and let his handsome dark eyes plead for him. 'Why should I not have said it?' he breathed softly. ' Has it not been the dream of my life for months ? — I might almost say for years ? I loved you ever since you first came amongst us, EUzabeth, years ago.' 'Did you indeed?' said Elizabeth. A light of humour showed itself ttirougn the tears that had come into her eyes. An amused, reluctant smile curved the corners of her mouth. ' What, when 1 was an awkward, cli:msy, ignorant schoolgirl, as I remember your calling me one day after I had done bo me thing exceptionally stupid. ? And when you played practical jokes upon me — hong mv doll np bv its hair, and made me believe that there was a ghost in the attics did you care for me then ? Oh, no, Percival, you forget ! and probably you exaggerate the amount of your feeling as much as you do the length of time it has lasted ?' ' It's no laughing matter, I assure you, Elizabeth,' said Percival, laughing a little himself at these recollections, but looking vexed at the same time. ' I am perfectly serious now, and very much in earnest ; and I can't believe that my stupid jokes when I was a mere boy have had such an affect upon your mind as to prevent you from caring for me 'No,'1 said Elizabeth. 'They make no difference; but— I'm very sorry, Percival — 1 really don't think that it would do.' ** What would not do * what do you mean ?' said Percival, frowning. 'This arrangement ; this— this— proposi- tion of yours. Nobody would like it.' ** Nobody could object. I have a perfect right to marry if I choose, and whom I choose. 1 am independent of my fa-ther.' ' You could not marry yet, Percival,' she said, in rather a chili njj tone. ' I could — if vou would not mind sharing my poverty with me. It you loved me, hliza ' I am afraid I do not love you —in that wa said Elizabeth, meditatively. ' No, it would never do. 1 never dreamt of such a thing.' ** Nobody expects you tu have dreamt of it, rejoined Percival, with a short laugh. ' The dreaming can be left to me. The question is rather whether you will think of it now — con- iAtm. to v-iu — though I uiuet t-ity I woodvr that you have not seen how much I loved you, Lliza Iftth * 1 j*iii williuc t« wait until vou have cruel ; you «?«?-/ love me a little — just a very littk-, l-ilizabeth.' '? Well, I do,' said Klizabeth, smiling at his little— as I* love you all. You have been so i»ood to me that 1 could not help caring for you — iu spite ol the dull and the ghost iu the attic.' Her smile grew gravely mischievous an t-he finished the sentence. 'Oh, that is not what! want,1' cried Per cival starting up from his Lowly position At her feet. ' That is not the kind of love that I am asking for at all.' ' I am afraid you wOI get no other,' aaid Elizabeth, with a ring of sincerity in her voice that left no room for coquetry- ' I am sorry, but I cannot help it! Percival' ' Your love is not given to anyone else ?' he demanded, fiercely. ' You have no right to ask. But if it u a. satisfaction to you, I can assure you that I have never cared for any one in that way. I do not know what it means,' said Elizabeth, looking directly before her. ** I have never been able to understand.' PercivaL, his momentary anger mf*lting before the complete candour of her eyes. ' Let me te&ch; yon to love, Elizabeth.' She was silent — irresolute, as it appeared to ' You would learn very easily,' said he, ' Try— let me try.' ' I don't think I could be taught,' she an ew ered slowly. ' And really I am not sure your own heart,' said Percival, dogmatically. ' Trust me, and wait a while. I will have no answer now, Elizabeth. I will ask you again.' ** And suppose my answer U the same ?' ' It won't be the same,' said Percival, in a masterful Bort of way. ' You will under stand by-and-by.' She did not see the fire in his eyes, nor the look of passionate yearning that crossed bit face as he stood beside her, or she would scarcely have been surprised when he bent down suddenly and pressed his lips to her fore head. She started to her feet, colouring vividly and angrily. ' How dare yon, Percival ! — ' ehe began. But she could not finish the sentence. Kitty called her from the other room. Kitty's face appeared ; and the curtain was drawn aside by an unseen hand with a great clatter of rings npon the pole. ' Where have you been alT this time?' ftiid she. ' Isabel wants you, Lizzie. Penanl, Mr. Vivian talks of going.' Elizabeth vanished through the curtain. Percival had not even time to breathe into her fear the ' Forgive me ' with which he meant to propitiate her. He was not very penitent for his offence. He thought that he was sure of Elizabeth's pardon, because he thought him self sure of Elizabeth's love. But, as & matter of fact, that stolen Iobs did not at all advance bin cause with Elizabeth Murray. He did not see her again that night — a fact which sent him back to his lodging in an ill satisfied frame of wiitm!, He t^nA Vivian shared a sitting-room between them ; and, on their return from Mr. Heron's, they diwpnuwi them selves for their usual smoke and chat. But neither of them seemed inclined for conversa tion. Rupert lay back in along lounging -chair; Percival turned over the leaves of a new publication which had been sent to bun for review, and uttered disparaging commenti upon it from time to time. ' I hope all critics are no;, so bypercnticU as you are,' said Viviai. ;t last, when the volume had finally been teased to the other end of the room with an exciamation of dis gust. ' Pah ! why will people write such abomin able stuff?' said Percival ' Beach me down that volume of Bacon's Essays behind yon ; I must have something to take the taste out of my mouth before I began to write.' Vivian handed him the book, and watched him with some interest as he read. The frown died away from hiB forehead, and toe mouth gradually assumed a gentler expression before he had turned the first page. In five minutes he was so mnch absorbed that he did not hear the question which Vivian addressed to him. ' What position,' said Rupert, deliberately, 'does Miss Murray hold in your father's house !' ' Eh ? what ? What position ?' Away went Percival's book to the floor ; be raised himself in his chair, and began to light his pipe, which bad gone out. ' What do yon mean ?' he said. ' Is she a ward of your father's ? Is she a relation of yours *' ' Yes, of course she is, 'said Percival, rather resentfully. ' She is a cousin. Let me see. Her father, Gorden Murray, was my mother's brother. She is my first cousin. And Cinder elia in general to the household,' he added, grimly. 'Oh, Gorden Murray inu- her father? Sol supposed. Then if poor Ri-hard Luttrell had not died I suppose she would have been a Bort of connection of my sister's. I remember Angela wondered whetherGordon Murray had left any family.' 'Why?' ' Why: You know the degree of relation ship ami the terms of the vrill made by Mis. Luttrell's father, don't you *' ' Not I.' 'Gordon Murray— this Miss Murray's father — was next heir after the two LnttreUs, if they died childless. Of course, Brian it still livint: ; but if he died, Miss Murray would ' There's not much chance,' said PercivtJ, lightly. ? *' Not much, responded \ ivian. They were interrupted by a knock at the door. Ihe landlady, with many apologies, brought them a telegram which had been left at the house during their absence, and which she had forgotten to deliver. It was addressed to Vivian, who tore it open, read it twice, and then passed it -»n to Percival without a word. It was from Angela Vivian, and contained these words only ' Brian Luttrelli* Drait.' 