LOCAL AM> G L X E R A L T itb "WiiATHEU.—The weather, which of laic lias been very pleasant, has taken n decided change. For the last two d ajs the glass has been gradually fulling, and early1this^ morning rain commenced to descend, clearing up a little about 9 a.m At-inlcrvels during the day light shower have fallen, which will be welcomed by farmers and others; the outlook, however, does not appear very promising for th e Easter Encampment. Tjik Man Tbacjjs*,—J ames Tracey, tho m&a; referred to in our issue of Saturday last, as having for some time past been in the habit of frightening ladies by his indecent conduct, was brought up on warrant ut (be police office this morning, on two charges of indecency. H e was remanded until the 21st inst. I t appears that the man received a sentence of six months for a similar offence sonic eight months ago, and rinee his liberation has continued the practice of frightening ladies in the neighborhood of Upper Davey and Macquarie streets. Credit is due to the arresting constables. Constable Oakes on hearing of Tracey’s conduct, made enquiries, and on receiving sulliciejrit evidence obtained a warrant, and, together with Constable Brown, went in search of their a s s , and smartly had accused in the watchhouse by 3 o'clock on Saturday afternoon. Cm* PoMCB Cocht.—A t the City Police Court to-day his W oiship the M ayor and Alderman 'Hiddlestone occupied the bench, when the following cases were dispose o f :—John Kirby and Percy Sorell, charged with disturbing the peace, were each fined fisu rin default 7 days. Arthur Quinn was fined 6s for being drunk and disorderly in the public streets. Daniel Reilly, charged with a similar offence, was mulcted iomrpoijaltf of 10s Gd, this being his second conviction. A boy named M artin. 'William Balclicr was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Liverpool street on Saturday, but tbc charge was not pressed against him by P.C. Inns, as it would only be punishing hie widowed mother. He was therefore discharged. Ami Sell pleaded guilty to a charge of having been drunk and incapable in Liverpool street on Saturday last, and was fined 6s, witli the usual alternative. Richard - Murray pleaded guilty to a charge of having disturbed the peace in tho same place on the same date. Fined 10s Gd, o r’14 day’s. James HaJton and Robert Campbell pleaded guilty to having disturbed the peace in! Brisbanqstreet yesterday,and were each, fined 10s Gd or in d c fa u ltlid a y g . 1'Alice; Billingcr pleaded guilty to having! been drunk anff^incapablc in Oollinsj street this morning, and was fined! 6s, witli tho option of seven days. An old man, Jaroos Shearer, was sen-’ tenccd to a month ia the House of Correction for h&ving; absconded from the: New Town Charitable Institution. H annah Tracey pleaded not guilty to having used obscene language on the Cascade road, but watf oonvicted.onitbe evidence of Sergeant Oakes, and Gncd 5s, with tho nsl *aUlcttLBiiro. Tracey, who appears to be an imbecile,’ web charged .wjtfetadfiffont conduct, aod remanded until tlie'2lnt inst. Botitwell.—Our correspondent writes onthe lGfh >— Atpolice office on the 14th inst., before M r W. Nicholas, in the chair, and If. F. Chamberleu nnd A.; M sndoviHe.X'K. J ^ t^ e le , of Shannon; was charged liy Inspector C. Tabari with non-fulfilment of the Rabbit Act, in not sending in returns of rabbits destroyed for the six monlhs^ending Slat December. Accused pleaded' guilty, and was fined 6s, costs remitted, except 10s, part of the nspector's expenses. M r IS. McRae was also ebafgid tlta sa&te; jqfitacp, and pleaded guilty. He was also fined s. with part ‘M r F. AfcDowali was also summoned for tbe same offence. He pleaded not guilty, and in defence proved th at bis returns had been forwarded to Inspector Harrison, as part of his run was in tho Green Ponds district. Consequently be had forwarded all Jiis eturns to Harrison, instead of dividing hem between the two inspectors. 3jase *’ ismissed. ' Jam “ es's threshing * machine as ju st finished ‘all the crops in tb iF istrict. Only two wheat crops) yielded ell, both going -80 bushels per here,"' ho rust in (lie others made.very hud utting, (he average being very^Tow. afs turned out first rate, ono yield went 0 bushels per acre, and a splendid ample. The farmers are all crying out or rain to start the ploughs, as well as he feed. T ije R ailway and P o n u c W obkb Commission.—The Commission is still ngaged in framing its report, and it is possible th at not many days will elapse before it is formally presented to His Excellency. I t has been found impracticable to draw up a previous special tcport on the Derwent Valley Railway, and th e commissioners' rem arks on th a t line will be embodied in the general report. T he P ollafus —O ur old friends the ollard Lilliputian Troupe is to appear t (be Theatre Royal on Monday next, >CtH iust., for a short run of fourteen' igbis. A part from the ability of the outhful artistes we are sure th a t they ill receive a hearty welcome, as it will, n all probability, be theirlast appearance n Hobart, the city where they first raduated in the histrionic art, ere they tart on a tour of the world. F ermentation.—On Saturday night, a umber of the friends and adm irers of r H. R. Jew ett, one of the Holloway ramatic Company, assembled at Alma odge, for the nurpose of presenting im with a small token of their esteem, n a few well chosen words, Mi Heathorn asked his acceptance of a aluable diamond ring. M r Jewett ..arm ly thanked bis H obart friends for their great kindnes0, and said that- ho should always have pleasant recollections of his visit to this beautiful city. The pleasant gathering broke up, after many hopes for M r Jew ett’s future had been pressed. CoNOBliQATIONAIi UKI0N. — The eachers of the Congregational Sunday chool, and all persons interested, are. ■equested to meet in the new school n Herriugton street, this evening, at .30, when the Rev. George Clarke will ive an address on the “Scripural Examinations." 8 t. P eter’s Ball.— A concert will be „.ven in St. P eter’s H all this evening by well-kuown gentlemen amateurs in aid of widow who is in distressed circumstances. As the object is a worthy there will no doubt be a large attendance. HosriTAL I tem.— The odIj* cb tended to at the General Hospital st report, was that of George Holly, aged 18, who was admitted with a dislocated wrist, caused through his having fallen out of a cart. Tbe dislocation reduced, and he loft the institution. Ur.t.r.joM Canary—T biB morning ere shown a beautiful specimen of the elgium canary that had been imported o tho order of M r McCawjcy, one of out ell-known bird fanciers. The b.rd, hich is a buff hen, arrived by tin optic en her last trio, and is pronounced y those who ought to know* to he eauty. The first cost of the c anary ngland was £16, and!.it is io be hoped that the energetic owner will meet with the success he merits a t next year’s show. Tendess roil W heat.—R eferring to he tenders called for by the chairman F the Board. Hon. W . H . Burgess, for 8n00 bushels of wheat, a corres pondent w rite s:— W hy conGno ten deters to Tasmanian grown wheat unless the Government wauts to pay higher price when everybody kuows that largo importations arc coming in from New Zealand and elsewhere, to meet the unfortunate deficiency of our o vest, a deficiency fanners should be ashamed of, protected as they are by s duly of IQ i per lOOibs, besides wharfage, freight, etc. S cnir S ale.—The attention oF capitalists is called to the sale of Hobart Gas Co. shares, by Roberts and Co., at their m art to-morrow, a t 12 o'clock sharp See advertisement. • W oodrofff.’s G labsrlowing H xnr tion.—T his popular exhibition will open in the Town H all this evening for a short season only. Professor Woodroffo, as sisted by the Misses Maud and I. Anderson, will illustrate fancy aud nbiloso pliical glassblowing, spinning and working in all its varieties. Two glass 6team engines, made entirely of glass, will be kept in constant working. A valuable collection of works of art in glass will be gratuitously distributed amougst the audience at each exhibition. Confirmation.—At 3 o’clock yester daj afternoon in 6t. David's Cathedral Bishop Sand ford held a confirmation service, when 38 persons were confirmed, viz., 27 females and 11 m iles. After hjain had been sung, the Bishop ad dressed tbc candidates, pointing out that the rite implied that each one had a Jiving soul, intellect, mind, aud spiritual end, which needed a long tim e to train, and teach those things. B ut now they had arrived at years of discretion, a solemn time, when they came to be helped and strengthened by tbe grace and blessing of God ana tbe H oly host, for that which lay before them- They had come to be confirmed, and to eceive a blessing and a gift, the highest ift that even H e could bestow upon hem, the gift of H is most H oly Spirit, gift which they should thankfully eooive. A fter the ubub! questions had een put to caoh one separately, and rayer offered up, the hym n “ Qome oly Ghost, Creator Blest ” was sung t the conclusion of the confirmation he Bishop delivered a second address, hich be said that Jte wanted them to ec and believe Mint the gife and sLrcugth iven them that day was intended for the ife on earth. A Bolt.—On Saturday last a pair of horses attached to a cab which coi.tained a lady, started from opposite Manchester House down Elizabeth street, and nlihough the lady very'1 pluckily stuck to the reins slio was unable to stop them. A t the corner of Elizabeth aud Liverpool streets the c«b came into collision with Cooley's 'bus. The cab was very much damaged, the front wheels and the springs boing completely smashed ; fortunately tho lady scaped uninjured. The driver, William Holmes, just before the horses became restive, left his seaton the box at tho request of tbc lady to obtain a parcel from a shop. L iterary U nion. —The Union mect9 o night in the Y.M .C.A. rooms at 8, to lect offico-hearers, etc. A good attend* nco is requested. D istress at H ome.—The contributions to the Lrti-d Mayor’s fund for the relief of (lie distress are a striking proof of the great and general sympathy of tho Sovereign, the Prince of W ales, tho Royal Family, and of the public. I t may be presumed that the amount will finally fall not mucb short of £70,000 or £80,000; that is recognised as about the lim it of London’s subscribing power. But after Hint sum, vast as it is, has been sfent, the oril will not have been touched, snd wc fear tho return of distress. What that evil is everyone now seems to know; it is want ot work, because tbe industries of tbo nation have boen half destroyed io order io satisfy tho adherents of th&t; most utterly absurd doctrine, Free Trade—sacrificing one's self for the benefit of all, without the slightest sign ,of gain. People t-ay artisans have got cheap bread, but if they have, they nave robbed tho farmers and laudowncrs of their bread to get it. and every cheap thing in the country is obtained on the same stupid, the s&mo; rascally principle. Ono of the Free Trade oracles this week, in alarm at the decrease of our exports to the Continent, hopes Rogland will seek to revive her trado through hor colonics; but if that only hope fails, w h at then 7 The colonics might break off their trade relations; they arc bound -to nothing—would not y any treaty of oommerui i»nd -mmelves for long—for the colonies took to hd* future when they, too, will manucjtnre all th y want, nnd kt-rp the r oney in their po *kcts — Home Newt. , *Police.—Mr Hedberg's appointment « Superintendent of Police for the dis -icls of New Town and Qucenhoroiiuh as confirmed at the -meeting of —ih*- xecutive to-day. . The > appointment ates from April I. M r H eab^rghal been acting in the Bame position sincs. lic twelve months’ leave of ab»euce wa ranted to M r Propsting. now deceased. . T auebnaclb Blub R iddon Bank of H ope.—A public meeting .will be held in the Tabernacle, Elizabeth street,, t>* orrow evening, a t 7.80, when inst'U-; mental music, ducts, solos, readings, ana ecitations will be given. Tbe proceeds will be in aid oF tho library fund. PCOIUTEB AND tiETTBUS OF ADVINISthaiion.—The following probates have been granted Frederick Henry Pie»se, to F. W . and G. A. J . Piesse, £610; and Annie McGrath to Elizabeth fipeod, £20. L etters of Administration in the followng estates:—Ann Taylor to William Taylor, £161; and Hugh jtfcShane to- Jan e McShanc, £1882 •? T ub E xecutive.—H is Excellency held council to-day a t which the various M inisters were present. U nsmplcved Agitation —A deputation which is to interview, the Government as representing the personswho have signed their names to the Tiu*: employed petition will wait upon tho M inister of Lands a t noon to-morrow. 