. I N ii B D T A S RES. Br the Ghost.— Paper n. Ever since the notorious witch of Endor called back to this world the spirit of Samnel, in order to afford a little comfort to King Saul, persons of all nationalities have enter tained a certain modicum of belief in ghosts. Whilst I am free to confess that there are ghosts whose sole delight has been to frighten, there' are ghosts whose mission is to advise, to admonish, to instruct, and +o comfort;. It v to this class I belong, and I say it without egotism. I shall not look for thanks from any who may benefit by my criticisms. I got a good seat again on Sunday at the Hall. I wish I had gone to the P.M. Church in the morning to hear Mr. Pope. Well, you know a ghost can't be in two places at once. I consider the afternoon address to the youngsters the best I bare heard for * year, and in the evening the discourse was real good, on ' born from above.' He may have been inspired by the large audience ; a good- audience- makes a difference to a speaker. At the publio meeting on Monday (by the bye I did not go to the tea, as a matter .of fact ghosts don't eat much) the platform was well supplied with speakers. The Rev. Raymond made a good speech, but there is too much hesitancy in his delivery. ur, VT. jnaraiiuiBu bvuilc uu uuiub. i-o doubt the thought of home keeps him from going to Teetulpa. Mr. Pope's address on ' School Work' was very good. The Secre tary of the School had the unspeakable audacity to liken himself nnto Martin Lather. Perhaps he thinks he is a bit of a reformer, and if so I pity his task, especially wtfeu vac jrnuisi j. uavc uccu «u uimuy uuiaes lately, and the great topis is the gold dig gings. I know several who would go, and the ?pint is willing, but, alas, the pocket is weak. Let them subscribe and send the Ghost. Ah I my ears are burning. Some one is writing to the Times about me. I will appear to. the writer if bis letter appears in the Time*, and is hurtful in any way to my good name. .Father Mulholland lectured on theG.O.M. advocate for Home Rule, and I suppose only natural that he should be. I am one with the speaker when he says he used to believe in Ghosts. I would like to know what Irishman does not. I am the Ghost of an Irishman, or an Englishman, or Dutchman. Whilst the Rev. Mulholland was delivering his lecture on Gladstone, Mr. M. Wood Green was entertaining a ?mall audience at the Christian Church in answering the questions sent to him by 'Anxious Enquirer.' He says he did not ?ay that Baptism is essential to salvation, and if the Bible informed him he could tell others where all those have gone who have died .triumphant in the faith, but withont adult Baptism. I thought the Bible did say where Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Moses have gone ; also Lazarus, and the thief on tne Crors, Be also says he is not afraid of any amount of Ghosts. My advice is, look out Mr. G., a Ghost is worse than a Free thinker. The Blue Ribbon Army had a big gather ing on Friday last in the Christian Church. Some young folks acted two scenes very welL All the young men were dressed in character, but the dear ladies did not. . I Buj.p se they thought it would not be right in the church. I don't hold with it myself, either. 