CURRENT TOPICS. There is as yet no sign of the Railways Commissioners paying their long promised visit to this district. The visit, howover, cannot bo much longer delayed, as the time for their annual inspection of exist ing lines has a°ain come round. It is probable that lines in course of construc tion, and those of which the permanent surveys are now being completed, will be examined during the tiip. Sheakiso is now in full swing at Berry Bank, and many other stations in the district. Preparations are being made for a start in several sheds, so that before long the wool traffic at the Camperdown rail way station w:ll ba fairly entered upon. Shearing will ba commenced at Larra about the sth inst, and at Dinedito about the middle of the present month. The town lias been rather livelier than usual this week, in cousequenco of the number of shearers passing through on their way to various stations. TnE first wool of the season arrived in Camperdown on Thursday morning, and was unloaded at the Camperdown railway station for cousignment to Melbourne. There were two waggon loads of wonl comprising a large number of bales, the wool being a portion of the clip from Mr. R. Jamieson's Lake Bolac station. The stock movements during the week, have been somewhat slack. Twenty five trucks of sheep and ten trucks oF cattle have been dispatched from the district to various markets. To-day eight truck« of sheep will be forwarded to the Freezing. Company's establishment at Newport. ° Every credit has been given by us to the Government for their prompt recogni tion of the requirements of Camperdown in the matter of a new Courthouse. It seems, however, that in the specifications which have been prepared for the new biiilding, it has been provided that the old fence will be required to do duty in front of the new building, nothwithstand-' ing that it is in a very dilapidated condi tion. It is to be painted," and that is all. It would be "simply absurd to go to the expense of ere .-ting a handsome building, and,to spoil its appearance when com pleted with an antiquated fence. Our representative, Mr. Tfren, will doubtless tike up this matter with his usual energy, and prevail upon the Government, at any rate to go to the expense of erecting a fencein Manifold street in front of the new Courthouse to harmonise to some extent with the building itself. We understand that some of the busi ness people of Camperdown who are op posed to the half-holiday movement are' signing a counter petition to be presented at the meeting of the Hampdenshire Council on Wednosday next. ' Tub ordinary monthly meeting of the Hampdenshire Couucil will bo held on Wednesday next at the usual hour, in the ■•■BUiftflaU. Tub weather on^Thursday during the proater part of the day was exceedingly disagreeable, and the high wind which prevailed carried with it clouds of dust which penetrated everywhere, arid made things generally uncomfortable.. Toward* evening a change was experienced, aud a steady Vain set in. Yesterday, nice rains fell duting the greater part ef_ ihe day, and those will have a most benefical effect on herbage, and will be welcomed by agriculturists' as well as graziers. The October sitting of the Geelorit; Assizes will be commenced on Monday, 4th iust. Tho cases of local interest are those of Shields, father and son, who were committed from the Camperdown Police Court on tho charge of cattle stealing. The witnesses in the cose must be in Geelong in time for the opening of the court on Monday morning. There is also the Colac cattle stealing caso to be heard, so that the Assizes are likely to extend over ono day. The ordinary meeting of the Camper down Literary and Debating Society was held on Thursday evening, There was a large attendance of members. The presi dent, Mr. Hope, occupied the choir. Mr. James Rawbon was proposed as a new member. The business for the evening was the reading of tho magazine, which consisted of thrcepapers, viz., "Federation, Mutual Protection, and Free Trade" by " Excelsior ;" " Labor Disturbances," by Mr. Cruickshank; " Ghosts and Ghostly Things,", by Mr. A. Henderson. "Excelsior "advocated federation of the colonies in a fairly-written paper. Mr. Cruickshank, whilst admitting the useful ness of trado unions, pointed out the danger of their acting despotically owing to their growing power : and Mr. .A. Henderson's paper payed the way for an amusing and interesting discussion about supposed visitors from the unseen world. The papers wcro well criticised, Messrs. Stone, Meagher, Henderson, C. M"Arthur, Hope, A. Walls, Wni. Jones, Morrison, Hudson and Hannah taking part in tba criticism. Mr. Stone re signed his position as vice-pre sident owing to his contemplated re moval from the district. A hixh eulogium having been passed on Mr. Stono's efforts in keeping the society together, and con tributing to its stock of information, by Messrs. Thomson and A. Henderson, a vote of thanks to the retiring vice-presi dent was carried unanimously. A syllabus was formed for the ensuing quarter, after which tho meeting adjourned. Tueue seem to be a few "garden robbers" in this town, judging from the losses that hare recently been sustained by sumo of tlio residents who are üblo to indulge in the luxury of a flower garden. Mr. John Wiggins had a rare variety of hyacinths growing in his garden attached to his private residence, in M'Nicol street, and he took great interest in its develop ment. The first flower on it was scarcely developed before) it was surreptitiously plucked, and the same fato befell the second flower a few days afterwards. These paltry thefts serve to dishearten amateur gardeners, and it is to be hope! that if a repetition of the oQVnce takes place the culprit, or culprits, will be detected. Mb. *D. Mackinnon J.P., of Marida Ynlloak, arrived in Camperdown by the mid-da) train on Wednesday, and was driven direct to his homo. Mr. Mac kinnon was accompanied by the members of his family who undertook the home trip with him. They hare been absent from the colony fur about a year, and all seem to have derived great benefit from tho cha.go Mb. Fenelon Mott, licensed surveyor, of Camperdown, has opened agencies at Warrnambool and Colac, for the con venience of persons requiring his services in those districts. The football match to have been played at Weerite to-day between Cumperdown juniors and I'irron Yalluck juniors, will not take place, in consequence of the inability of ths Pirrou Yallock team to put in an appearance. '• Slessrs. Nelson and Rose, auctioneers, held tho second of their monthly live stock fairs at their yards on Wednesday. There was a large attendance of pur chasers, and about 100 head of cattle were yarded for sale, of which a large propor tion sold at satisfactory prices. Stores brought to £7, springers to £C 10s, milkers to £7. Sheep also sold well. Tho monthly sales seem now to be fairly established, and are calculated to prove of the greatest convenience to stockowners and others. Mb. John Hyland held a moat success ful sale of live stock at Mortlake on Thursday. Tho attendance was probably the largost that has been seen at any sale held in Mortlake. Fully 600 head of cattle were offered, in addition to the sheep, and nearly everything was cold at satisfactory rates. Forward Btores were sold to £9, and sheep also sold Fell. Among the principal buyers were Mr. W. Matthews, the Messrs. Black, Messrs. Currie, Ling and Co., Captain Hainica, and many others. Great inconvenience was caused by the failure of the Railway Department to place someone in charge of tho first gate house west of th» railway station. The matter was brought under the notice of J tho Shire Council, who communicated with the Railway Commissioners on the subject, with the result that one of the porters at the station, a married man, has now been placed in charge of the gate house. Mr. D. S. Walker, of Dixie, tho presi dent of the Qampdenshire Council, re ceived an invitation to be present at the ceremonials in Melbourne yesterday in connection with laying the memorial stone of the Parliament Houses. Mr. Walker was unable, however, to accept the invitation in consequence of a.prior engagement,: • • • ■ . It is announced in our advertising columns that Mr. J. Nelson will offer for sale on October 14, fifty allotments for township purposes adjoining the Pouibor neit railway station. The lithographed plans have been prepared, and may be obtained on application. ..... ..„.-.■?. • An important meeting of members of tho Cobdcn District Ratepayers' Union is convened to be held in the school room Oobdeu, at 7.30 o'clock this evening. The members- of committee of the Camperdown Railway Extension League are requested to meet at 1 o'clock p.m today, in the Temperance Hall, to trans act Borne bu3ineß3 of importance. An important meeting of members of the Camperdown Turf Club is convened to be held at Neylon's Commercial hotel this evening at 7.30 o'clock. The annual meeting of members of the Terang Racing Club will be held at the Commercial hotel, Terang, at 8 o'clock this evening. ; The programme of the seventeenth annual exhibition of the Hampden and Heytesbury Pastoral and Agricultural Society, v published in this issue, with the addition of the, special prizes The prize schedules will beprinted immediately for distribution. The Right Rev. Dr. Moore, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, returned to Camperdown on Wednesday night from Warrnambool, and left for Ballarat by tho morning • train on Thursday. Bishop Moorewas conveyed by Messrs. Stansmore Bros, special coach and three horses from Warrnambool to Camperdowii, Mr F Stansmore handling tho "ribbons." LiEDf.-CoLONEL Price is oxpected in Camperdown early next week, when he will hold. »n official inspection of tha MoaaladßibaoißaiaUwdiitnat. Mr. T. Dowling, tho newly-elected menber for the-Nelson Province, was introduced to tho Legislative Council on Tuesday, and took his seat. A DiFDTAHOK of residents of Colac, accompanied by Mr. Orroond, Mr. Robertson, and Mr. Connor, M.L.C. s, and Mr. Forrest, M.L.A., waited upon the Railways Commissioner*, on Wednesday, and asked that a deviation of CO chains westwards should be made in the line Sropoaed to be constructed between On itond lieeac. The Commissioners promised to have the request inquired into." Mr. Forrest then presented a petition from the residents of Cororooko, praying that tho commissioners would erect a sidiug at Larpent, on tho Colac and Camperdown railway, or, at least, provide temporary accommodation for the trucking of wheat during the ensuing season. The Commissioners promised to obtain a report on the subject. The rovenue returns for the quarter ending 30th Soptember wore published in a special edition of the Gazelle issued on Thursday night. The. total revenue for the quarter is £1,536,505 9s 2d, or an in creaso of £111,808 7s Dd over tho corres ponding period in the year 1885. This large increaso is mainly owing to the flourishing state of tho railways, from which £00,119 more revenuo has been obtained this quarter than for the same period in 1883. During tho quarter which has just expired tho receipts were £341,203, as against 401,083 for 1883. Under the heading of Customs revenue there is also a large increase of £20,701 17s 4d on articles subject to ad valorem dut;es, £10,250 on spirits, and £6358 upon tobacco and anuff. The territorial revenue alsQ; shows, an increase, notably in the item of progress payments by selectors, £8248, and final payments by licensees and lessees, £4032. The Van Yean works also show an expanding revenue, the in crease for the quarter being £3731, and in the: Post Office department there is an increase of £8145 in the sale of stamps. There ore a few items on which a decrease is shown, especially in the Customs de partment. Thereisadecreaseof £3297 on duty' collected on sugar and molasses, £7177 on dried and preserved fruits and vegetables, and £4977 on spirits distilled in Victoria. But altogether tho returns for tho quarter are most satisfactory. Laciilax M-Leod, of Purnim, farmer, was proceeded against in tho Warrnjin bool police court on Tuesday, by the official nssLnee uu two charges under the Insolvency Statute, viz., of making material omissions in his schedule, and of selling goods which ho had not paid for within four months of his insolvency. Be was committed fur trial on both charges. Tue select committee's report upon the claim of Mr. W. L. Morton in connection with the inventions known no the "sheep dip" and "swing gate," was brought up in the Assembly on Thursday by Mr. J. B. Patterson. The report sets forth that Mr. Morton's inventions havo been of immense praciical benefit, and that the eradication of scab wai materially facili tated by the use of the sheep dip. Iv the opinion of the committee, pastotalists and farmers have reaped great advantages from the inventions. They consider that the ingenuity displayed by Mr. Morton should be recognised. For some time past many respectable residents uf Warrnambool have been annoyed by the receipt of anonymous letters and letters bearing forged signa tures, which have been couched in disgust ing language, and which often slandered respected residents. The delinquent was dixcovered on Thursday, and proves to be a labouring man's wife. The woman, who has made a full confesiion to Sergeant Hamilton, will be prosecnted. A supplement to the G'oternmrnt Oazette published on Wednesday contains the following paragraph:—"As some misapprehension lias hitherto existed as to the duty of tho police in respect to rabbit coarsing matches, it is notified that tho police must not hesitate to prosecute in any future case of the kind that may come to their notice. The police are further reminded that, under section 1C of Act 813, it is penal for any person to havo a live rabbit iv his possession." Mr. R. M. Sergeant, of Ballarat, writing to Mr. Moray from Droitwich, says:—"A fannor I was talking to estimates his mangold crop at from 40 to 50 tons to tho acre. 1 asked him what it cost per acre to manure such a crop. He replied £8 to £10, and it paid to do it. If some of our Australian farmers could see tills, it would pay them better to cul tivate 50 acres in a good husbandlike manner than 150 in tho rough and tumble scramble generally adopted." Mr. J. Thornton will hold a sale of lire stock at his yards to-day. Texders for booths in connection with the Agricultural Society's Show are returnable to- day. Tub annual meeting of tho Temperanoe Hall committee, CobdeD, will be held this evening. That well-known property Ilamplen r«i k, with good paddock accommodation to., will b» let by public auction by Jlr. J. Thornton, on Saturday, 9th October. Messrs. Freckleton and M-Callum notify their annual «*!<: of live stock at their yards, Belfast, on Thursday, 7th inst.: the day after the Belfast show. * It it notifi=d that the seventh annual spring show of the Hampden and Hrytea bury Horticultural Society will be held in tho Mechanics' Hall, on Wednesday Novem ber 24- --■-■■ Attention is called to the important sale of store cattle at rirron Yalloak. on Thurs day, 7th inst., b/ Messrs. Fiskeo, Gibson and Co , conjointly with Armstrong, Howe j and 00. . - 