AUSTRALIAN MINING MANIA IN LOUDON. I THE SUCCESSFUL FLOATING OF A BOGUS COMPANY. , [Melbourne Daily Telegraph, October 30.1 Considerable excitement was occasioned in the mining market on Thursday, when the following telegram had become public property is u \ ' ¡ " London, October 26. ; " Australian mining ventures are in great favour on the Stock Exchange, where several companies' have lately been floated with success. There is a regular mania over Australian mines. All the unallotted shares in the Mount Morgan West (Queensland) are, at 100 per cent, premium." ? 'n e, a ' j " Where is the Mount Morgan West ?" was the, question in everybody's mouth. ' V Oh, it's an attempt to get at the British public was the almost unanimous < reply. This Stock Exchange verdict was almost entirely confirmed ; when the following telegram appeared in yesterday's issue :- j " Brisbane, Thursday.-" with reference to the cablegram of the 26th inst. announce mg the formation of the Mount Morgan West (Gold Mining Co., with a capital of £200,000 considerable doubts were. at; once expressed in Brisbane as to existence of any mine bearing that name or answering its description. These doubts were strengthened by nothing being known at Rockhampton of any' such mine. The Premier, in response to many invitations, cabled to the Agent- General to wait capitalists that no such mine; us far as is known, exists, as it is feared that wild schemes may injure the interests of ' bona-fide companies who are desiring to enter the London market, and impair the reputation of Queensland as a field of legitimate investment." . Mr. J. S. Butters, on being interviewed yesterday by a member of our staff, made the following statements "Well, the fact is that everything Australian is the rage at Home at present, and the opportunity has been taken by the ' Micawbers ' of London, who are waiting for something to turn up, and they have seized the opportunity to place a so-called Australian gold mine on the London market, when Australian gold mines are all the rage. From a private letter a friend of mine received by the last English mail, it would appear that the fashionable world havegorte mad over anything and everything Australian, from the skin of a native bear to a real live Agent-general or a member of a rifle or cricket team, or an exhibition commissioner. Ladies wear ,' Australian clothing, made from wool grown in Australia, and they wear Australian birds in their bonnets, and no at home ' or garden party is complete unless one or more ' illustrious returned colonists ' are present. But that is somewhat wide of the question you put to me. The fact of the matter is that several bona-fide gold mining companies have been floated in England lately, and there is at present a run on such stock. A large number of influential Queenslanders, who are at present in London, some time ago floated the Day Dawn G.M. Co., which was a really legitimate concern. The reputation of the Day Dawn gold mine was so well known in London that there was no difficulty in floating it into a, company, and the success of that venture induced others to follow suit. It is very satisfactory to us in Australasia to know that such high-class mining ventures are being successfully placed on the London market, because they will reflect great credit on this vast continent, and the good will be felt by every colony. The Cumberland Gold mining Co. was another mine which was successfully floated. That is really a splendid concern, and has turned out already over £250,000 worth of gold, and it is still a young mine. Up to the present time, so far as we know, all the Australian mining ventures put on the London market have been safe and good concerns. But about the so- ' , a , a in, . ' , ' ' -, % h s i -, l called Mount Morgan West G. M. Co., we know absolutely nothing, and do not believe that such a claim exists. Several of the shareholders in the famous Mount Morgan claim are now in Melbourne, and they do not know where the claim is situated. I am afraid that there has been an attempt to get at the British speculating public., Thutlu till I 1 elm say." ', , I ' ' ' The above statements were corroborated by another gentleman, a member of Parliament, who is well known and much respected in mining circles. The following statement thus been made to a representative of this journal by the Messrs. Hall Brothers, two of the largest shareholders in the Mount Morgan claim : "We know nothing whatever of the so called Mount Morgan West G.M. Co., and at once pronounce it a fraud. We have in the Mount Morgan Co. taken up an immense area of land, and have only found gold in one place, namely, in the apex of the hill. But there it is very rich, and increases in richness as it goes down. It is as if it was the mouth of a huge volcano filled up with gold. Outside of our boundary no gold has been found, and though a great many blocks of land have been taken up, we ourselves own any land which could properly be styled ' Mount Morgan West.' Possibly no claim outside our own has the ghost of a show of floating a company on their present show. Attempts have been made to float companies in Melbourne on the reputation of Mount Morgan ; but they have all been 'tries on.' In one instance an attempt was made to float a company on a splendid specimen, which was flashed before the eyes of Melbourne mining speculators with the intention of duping them. That specimen, we can assure you, was purchased for £1 from one of the Mount Morgan Co.'s employees. All that we can add is that, in our candid opinion, the Mount Morgan West G.M. Co. is a bogus company." , 