THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOTES AND REFLECTIONS BY THE WAY. No. VIIL Br A.C., BOBEE CBEEK. In our carriage there are Bome bright specimens of youth and beauty, with whom a man caunot fail to be captivated if he has a soul in him worth the name. The beautiful in nature or art never fails t > command homage, but beauty in woman is perhaps the most fascinating ot all. I mean beauty nf mind as well as of person, form, or face. The latter, it has been said, is only imaginary. For example, Burns's bonnie Jeau was looked upon as an ordinary, commonplace, simple-hearted, good lassie by her contemporaries, whereas she was all the world to him, and some ot the best thoughts that ever emanated Irom the poet's brain were poured forth in song in praise of the " lassie I like best, wi' kind love in her I dare say my judgment is at fault, but there sits in a corner a little, tidy, smirking, restless, merrv creature, full of frolic, fun, ninl mi'chief, but ne'er a bit of harm in her. She will be proof against soft nonsense—yum, yuui, and all that sort of thing. Her charms i'*>cinate like the ere ol a serpent; she kt.ows it, and uses these to bring suitors to her feet and keep them there, for she holds each at arm's length. Her delicate features are lit up with a perpetual *mile, which serves to enhance her loveliness, as-I do believe that were the train to become a wreck at the next curve, she would be picked up laughing. Quite a feminine Mark Tapley, and worth her weight in gold to any brave young chap who wants an heroic nut* to accompany him to Kimberley. We have another young damsel, whose come' liness is not Been so much in blooming cheeks, • bewitching eyes, fair couutenance, or ruby lip?, as in her modest demeanor and truthful face. She will be gentle, affectionate, faithful, trusting. She is like the young woman who was brought before the Kirk Session by the unco guid to answer for her folly in having danced upon the green. " Noo, Janet," asked the minister, " what were you thinking^ aboot when ye were loupin' and springin' on the green V' " Atweel, sir," said Janet, I was thinkin' nae ill." " Ah, weel, aye dance, Janet! aye dance, Janet!" said the minister. That innocence that " thinketh n»e ill,'J however, is too often made use of by designing men for evil ends. Her confiding nature may be too readily imposed upon by a flittering tongue. " Such Is tlie fate of artless maid. By lore's simplicity betrayed And guileless trust, Till she, like thee, all soiled, is laid Low 1" the dust." The idea brought the following lines forcibly into my mind, lines worth printing in letters of gold, and which all young men should let burn into their heart of hearts :— " Is there In human form that bearB a heart A wretch, a villain, lost to love and truth, That can with studied, sly. ensnaring art Betray sweet Jenny's unsuspecting youth ? Curse on his perjured arts' dissembling smooth ! Are honor, virtue, aonsclence, all exiled ? is there no pity, no relenting ruth. Points to the pirents' fondling- o'er their child ? Then paints the ruined maid, and their distraction wild." The next damsel is one whose " nay" may be taken to mean " yea." She can flirt a bit too, but modesty, or assumed modesty, bears the sway. I say assumed, for she is not free from affectation, and would appear in quite a different light under other circumstances. The subjoined lines represent our fair one to a " t." The young man sought to steal a kiss, when she replied : — " No! Impudence: You shan't have one! How many times must I refuse 1 Away! I say, Or else you'll sure nty friendship lose. I cannot bear such forward fun. So quick, begone! If not, I'll run. Why now, I'll have to be severe. No! not s kiss to you I'll give. Take care. I'll swear I'll tell papa, sure as I live. X never saw a man 60 queer. But—are you certain no one's near ? Then—take a lialf-a-dozeif, dear1" There are other ladies of grace and comeliness, but I shall sum all up in the Frenchman's famous toast—*' Milors and Gentlemans,—De mortal Shakispere, he have write,* De ting of beauty is a joy for nevermore,' vich is de ladies. Vat is more entrancing dan the charmante smile, de soft voice, de viuking eye of de beautiful lady ? It is de ladies who do sweeten de cares of life. It is de ladies who are de guiding stars of our extBtence. It is de ladies who do cheer but not inebriate, and derefore, vid all homage to the sex, de toast I propose is' De Ladies. God bless dem all !'" I am done with phrenology and physiology after I have related the following:—When phrenology first came into force iu the old country, there lived a shoemaker near to Dundee, Scotland, who became an enthusiast in the new science. He got a bust with the various bumps of the head mapped off and numbered, and from which he sometimes lectured to his customers. He studied Gall, Spurzheim, and Combe till he had, or thought he bad, become a proficient in craniology and a master of the anatomy of the brain. He would freely manipulate the headB of all who chose to submit, and in a country town where most people were not well up in self-knowledge or in much other knowledge, they believed all he said about their bumps, especially when he declared their organs to be of a " high order of merit." He soon became as famous in his own village—as a bump-reader—as the " Herd laddie" is for draught-playing, or as the Gretna Green blackemith was for celebrating runaway marriages, or as Burk and Hare were for kidnapping folks for the doctors. Having given developments of character, orally and in writiog, of moft men and women in the village, he next took to examining the skulls of animals —a* horses, dogs, donkeys, &c.; One day a neighbor brought him in a cat that was known to be a capital mouser, for examination. He took pussy between his kneeB as he would a shoe that needed mendinr, then began to finger behind the ears. Evidently Madam Puss did not want her good qualities to be made public, so she resented the freedom taken by bolting out at the door. She was caught, however, and brought back, when the cobbler had her strapped to bis knee in the same way and with the same strap he used for a last That was worse than before : she commenced to spit, scratch, caterwaul, and use her teeth. She tbruBt her claws full length into the knee to which she was strapped ; that made the phrenologist Irap and dance like a hen on a hot griddlr. He sprang up as a man would who had cquatted suddenly down upon a drzen cobbler's awls or other lively points. Glad would he now be to get rid of the little tigeress, but the moment he essayed to unbuckle the strap a paw was fixed on the back of each band. Puss meant to go in for retaliation. No man would strap her down with impunity; she would make good use of the weapons of attack and defence Nature had given be.r. The cobbler was never before in such a fix. At length, afier more dexterous use of teeth and claws, puss is released, and hp, as he woefully t-urwys torn trousers, scratched hands, and bleeding knee, exclaims in tones of solemn seriousness, *' That cat has got a high development of the bump of destructiveness ?" never learned that he ever afterwards experimented upon another cat, but during the time he was reading up and studying phrenology he would bie, at times, to the village cemetery— called "kirk-yard" in Scotland—and while holding a conlab. with the eextori, who would be digging a ripe grave, he (the cobbler), while examining the pieces of ccffiu aud yellow j bones thrown up, would manege -to surreptitiously secrete a skull under his cloak! take it home, boil it, clean it, sandpaper it, and when duly polished, bright and shining, and the o^gkns marked on it, would place it in his window for the passer-by to gaze and wonder at. A considerable collection ef dead men's skulls found their way to this museum, and people began to wonder where on earth they all came from. It was also noticed that after everv new grave had been opened, a fresh skull was added to his collection. There were whisperings about, and soon it waB bruited through the town that the skulls in the phrenologist's possession belonged to their ancestors. One person declared that one of these skulls was.the exact form and shape of his grandfather's when that gentleman was iu the flesh. " That there," said another, pointing through the window, " belongs to my puir auld granny," and he shed tears as he thought of the unholy use made of it. Every skull iu the heap was known to belong to someone who bad lived and died in the village years ago— at least that was the general belief. What could be done to the sacrilegious rascal ? They vowed to keep their knowledge dark both from the shoemaker and the sexton. " Probably," said they, " the latter received so much cash per skull. It would therefore be to his interest to plead ignorance." The people of the village resolved to wait and watch for the next-opened grave— nor had they long to wait. It was on a certain afternoon, about sundown, that our phrenologist was seen coming from a grave which the digger thereof had just finished opening. The clergyman of the parish was coming in to take a stroll among the tombs as our hero was going out. The latter turned suddenly on his heel, marched quickly to another part of the cemetery, planted in the long grass near a certain tombstone the newlyfound skull he had picked up, intending to call for it after dark. He then went to salute the parson, looking (the phrenologist) all the innocence of Eve before she stole '.he " mortal fruit of that forbidden tree that brought death into the world and all our woe." I should have stated above that it was the minister himself who enjoined silence on the subject till the pioper time came. His cute eye noticed the tactics of our ardent iiump-reader, and he walked close past the spot where the skull was planted, saw it there, but took no notice. Soon the shades of evening fell, the gates were locked, and only the silent dead left within the walls. After it was quite dark (there was no moon) someone might be heard scrambling cautiously, not without some degree of superstitious dread, over the kirkyard dyke. It was our hero in search ot<*the skull, which when he had fonnd, be tied it in a napkin, and was groping his way back over the graves, when from behind a tombstone be was confronted by a figure dressed in white, which seemed to rise out of the earth, growing taller as it rose, till to his frightened imagination it looked, half as tall as the steeple ! The affair with' the cat was nothing to this. His hair stood erect as bristles, and actually lifted his cap off his head, for there it was found next morning. The Red Indians who fled before British bullets on one occasion, said, " Them English no good. They no run. They too frightened to run." Our hero was exactly in the same predicament— he waB really too frightened to ruti. His legs shook, indeed, as if under the action of a powerful galvanic battery, while his agitated heart beat double-quick; still, he felt rivetted to the spot. The apparition, which now looked not near so tall as at first, stretched out its white arms as if to enclasp him, and in a tone that would have made the stoutest heart quake, so slow, solemn, and sepulchral-like it drawled out, " That — skull — belongs — to — me !" The voice seemed to fire the cobbler with new energy, for he instantly dropped the skull like the provetbial " hot potato," and ran, stumbliug over the mounds, crying, " Merciful heaven ! Oh Lor'! Oh Lor'! Oh Lor'!" as fast as possible, the last letter sticking in bis throat; the ghoBt after him, uttering most unearthly yells and demanding, " My— father's—skull !"' " Oh Lor' I Oh Lor'! I'll bring it back." " My—grandmither's— skull!" " Oh Lor'! Oh Lor'! I'll bring it back ; bring 'em all back—every one! Oh Lor'! Oh mercy ! mercy ! All back— every one ! Oh, save my soul! Every one o' 'em back ! Oh mercy, Lor'! all ba—ck !" The phrenologist cleared the dyke like a greyhound, ran and ran and ran, never looking over hiB shoulder to see whether the spectre was after him or not, reached his home breathless, hatlpsF, exhausted, and more dead than alive, took to his bed, from, which he never would have risen had not the clergyman called next morning to explain the mystery. Holding up the handkerchief with the skull in it in one hand, and the cobbler's hat in the other, the minister said, " I am -the ghost you met with last night ; • but don't be alarmed, I have told no one, nor shall I, provided you bring the lot back to me to-night, nud I will have them quietly buried. Did the people iu the village Teally know what I know—that you have in that window the skulls nf their re'ations—they would lvnch ynu. D'd the authorities know you robbed the graves, they would traneport you for life pet baps. If it is a sin to steal a man's purse, l<ow much higher a crime must it be to steal Lis Fkull! Then the respective persons to whom each skull belongs will need his own at the forthcoming resurrection ; and now, Mr. H , Irom this time lorth learn the lesson, ' Let the shoemaker stick to his laBt.'" Next I morning the pile of skulls in the window had clearcd. The phrenologist, too, was non est inventut. In the year 1862 the good ehip Elizabeth sailed -with emigrants tor Australia. In the list of passengers there was found the name of Joseph g , boot and shoe maker. Twenty-four gears after, in the obituary notice of a Caatlemaine newspaper, it was read : " On the 4th, at hie residence, Campbell's Greek, Joseph H , boot and shoe maker ; deeply regretted by a large circle of friends. Dandee papers please cop v. BJ.P." And let me add my " Bequiescat in pace," and may never amateur phrenologist disturb the repose or violate the grave in search of the skull of honest Joe H—, boot and shoe maker and bumpiologist (To be continued.) 