CERTAIN LECTURES. By the Widow Duxn. YE SPORTING PROPHET. No, I didn’t go out on Saturday, Mr. K.110 emalh I’ve something better to do with my time than attending race meetings. Eh ? Did I notice how near you came to tipping the winner ? No, I did not; I noticed that you selected Little John, but I believo the horse was sera tolled, so I don’t see how you could have got very near. Oil ! if Little Jolui hadn’t been scratched, ho'd have won, aud you’d have been successful, eh ? Is that tho way you make it out? Oh, you did, did you ? You said that tho winner, if not Littlejohn, must come from Den Bolt, Boolka, Britisher, Silvorminc, Midstream, Lesbiu, Meutmore, Burrilda, Kccall, or Tarpeia, did you ? And, might I ask, why did you leave out Tho Lovite, Bonny Doou, Jim Cain, First Consul, Zeno, lloimis, and St. John? It was so hazardous, you know, to restrict your choice to such a four? Oh, you tipped The Baron for tho Selling ltace, St, Michael for tho Nursery Handicap, and Grace Darling for the Caulfield Stakes, did you ? But none of ’em won, Mr. Knocmall, so I don’t see where your 'foresight came in. Might have won if tiie others hadn’t, of course; why, bless my soul, so they might; 1 never thought of that. Told a fellow to back Bon Bolt two months a^o, did you? Well, why didn’t you back him yourself? Oh, you were put off by a friend, wero you? But if you knew the horso was such a sure thing, ,1 am surprised that you didn’t havo resolution enough to put your money on him, and lot your friend back his own fancy. My son, Bat, was told about Ben Bolt some time ago, but ho went and backed M iliatream in spite of advice, and now i lie’s regretting it. ; Seems to me, Mr. Kno* j I email, that everybody told everybody else that the horso that won was the only horse that could will. I am surprised that the owners of the other horses didn’t withdraw their animals aud let Dr. O’Hara havo the course to himself, if everybody knew that Ben Bolt was the only thing in it. Eh ? Got a goo;l tip for the Derby, have you? Well, what is it? Oh, Trident; well, I hoar everybody say the same thing, but I think you know-alls will look very funny when the race is over, aud Trident doesn’t even got a place.1 Impossible, is it? Hem ! There have been greater certainties that have turned out failures before now. By all ac counts^ the Derby and Cup are both morals for Trident, but jin the end thosa wiseacres I who won’t touch1 anything else may find that there is more tnan one horse in botli the races. Tipped a winner live years ago, dkl you ? Well, what’s that got to do with this year ? Eli ? Oh j it sIiowb that you do know something about it, does it? I sec; you tipped a winner five years ago, aud will trade on that for the next fifteun years. But don’t you ever think/ that the public get rather weary of your continual blarney, about that one success? Eli? Tipped any amount of thirds, have yjm? That’s awfully clever, I’m sure ; only, unfortunately, the public don’t go in for backing for third place as j much us thoyMo for first. But, I have 110 doubt that if you keep on you will tip another winner some day, and then you’ll be able to I bore the people even more than you do now, if that is possible. Eh? Had a dream about the Melbourne Gup. Well, what was it ? ^ Oh, dreamt that I two witches wero quarrelling about a brand | new trident, and that one wrestled it from the other, and held it aloft with a blue aud white 11 ag fluttering from the top of it. And from that you think of Trident aud its colors for tho Gup, do you ? Well, I had a dream too. I dreamt that I was walking through tho Fitzroy Gardens one day, and I saw a man with a gun steal round a tree and wait till a bird flow from its" branches, -when lie lifted up his gun and shot the bird dead—it was a fine Kingfisher, and Bat told mo that it really means that the horso called Kingfish will win the Melbourne Gup. lib ? Hasn’t got a ghost of a show, hasn't it ? How can you tell ? Most of the horses have a show, and I don’t see why mine shouldn’t. But, Mr. Knocmall, don't you think it is foolish for you to stick yourself up as such a great uuthority on racing matters, when, after all, there’s any amount of luck in it? Where is it? Why, an accident might leave the worst horse the winner, heavy weather might give the top weight all the chance that tho favorite light weight would have on a fino course; there are hundreds of things that might put the most certain horso oil’, aud then where are you ? Eh ? Mr. Tooral looral stands to win £50,001), docs he ? Well, tho first time I heard it was To,000, the a £10,000, then £'20,000, ami uowit’s £50,000. I suppose if nuuy more people tell me about it, it may eventually reach a million. Eh? Oh, no,I won’t forget, Mr. K110 cmall. Your tip is Trident, and your Caul field Cup tip was Little John. I’ll remem ber that, you cai be sure; and if you’re suc cessful on tho Derby I’ll also remember nob to go too near you until tho fever has gone oil* a bit. Ta-ta, pleasant dreams to you—• tho winners of Du byand Cup, and, perhaps, a good, well-bred two to one night- mare. 