THEATRE ROYAL. Lessee, Mr. Charles Vincent. Acting Manager, Mr. Harwood. Final Retirement of Mr. J, C. Lambert. When he will make his last appearance on any -stage for ever. ' Those f r.ends- who desire' to .honor Mr. Lambert with tbeir presence on this occasion will' please take their places imme diately. The Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appaar on this occasion with Mr. Lambert. This Evening, Thursday, February 27th, 186S, The Performance will commence with the 2nd Act of Brinsley Sheridan's brilliant comedy "THE RIVALS." 'Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. J. O Lambert Ohuractcrs by the Company. To be follo.wed ;by the 1st Aot of Bulwer , Lytton's comedy of "MONEY." -Sin John :V;esey - -. Mr. J. O. Lambert '(his la Alfred- Evelyn ... - Mr. .Willia'm.'Lcvcv Sir'Freii'erick Blonnt - Mr. Marous Clarke Stout -;. '.- - - Mr. Charles Warner Otlier'Charncte'rs by tbe'Amnlours, Trio— '-Hark 1 the Lark at Hiiaven's-' Gat-i .Sings'.'— Mr r. .Stewart and Misses Dooy and ' Maggie Stewart; To be succeeded by Sceii'es (including. Screen Seen,-) Irom Sheridan's Comi dy, .- ''THE SCHOOL FOR. SCANDAL!' Sir Peter Teazle - - Mr. ,T. (j. Lnmlxirt (the lust oharaoter lie will ever act on any Stage). Joseph Surface - ir Charles Vincent Lady Teazle - - , .M iss Cleveland To which will be added the Fa-ce entitled "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. R. Harwood "."and' Company. Mr. J. C Lambert will then tend, the confess-, ion of bis faults and bid his friends a final adieu Doors open at 7, Commence at 8 preci ely. puioes as usual. The following.is a copy of. his address: ' "Ladies and Gentlemen:— I am about to quit this world of mine for. ever, to cross the footlights and live in your world. It is very much the custom on occasions when people are going out. of the wo'rld to make a full confession of all their sins, ancl l will acknowledge' 'the 'excejlehce, of the custom by. adopting 'it; so "that you sliall not say- that I gave up the ghost without recounting the- many sins'of which I have been guilty, both since T came among yon,' aiijl'' many -years before that 'time'." "These as you may suppose were very numerous, for they have been going on- without interfriiss'ibn" these two and forty years. I will begin with the worst dHeiices, and -admit I have committed murder — In the early part of my career especially,- I ac knowledge to have murdered several — parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have beeu. ' less guilty in this respect, and' that .the shacles of Shakespeare," Ben .Johnson, Cohgreve, .Otway, Massinger,. Rowe, and Sheridan, have been appeased, I' \- .trust by, my having jinparted a little , .life to spme .of; their'oreations." . " 1-have'pominitted ."bigamy so often tliat 'I cannot Recount the number' of instances. I hifve married more wives than Brigham Young, so that it is not surprising .if I should number my sons and daughters by scores- if not hun dreds.. Some of them, I grieve to' say, I "'have' treated. With" great cruelty, '- turning them "out; of doors to beg or ' starve, cutting them off with a shilling, .'forcing tliein in tuniercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." In,- connection .with these wicked proceedings I have used. the. most , viplenflanguage to my offspring, but, maiiy times when in the very onslaught ' of -my furious denunciations I have j relented and only uttered half a curse. At this moment, if I liad riot great : strength of mind I should ' be over- whehned with remorse at the conse quences of my severity." "T have to deplore the necessity ' of frequently numbering among my , acquaintances; and even among my friends, some very incorrigible coun- drels; 'but I beg you. will place in! juxtaposition with this fact, the cir cumstance of having also been on - intimate termswith many kind hearted persons of every degree of sooiety. Indeed, 1 may here remark, that in ' rpspect to social position, my friends . and acquaintances have been of the highest' and lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, and .that their - dispositions have varied as. infinitely , as their social' position." "My own jiredileetions have been 1 in like manner fluctuating. At. .one . time I have been so .miserly -that I ' Have- denied niysrilf the eornriion and most absolute necessaries ; at ;others felt m j'self. prompted by generous impulses so strong thatT have had no hesitation in giving away large sums of money, vast estates, priceless jew els, and even crowns and kingdoms." " I confess, however, these gifts have been bestowed, with but. ail in discriminate haud. and that undesery- ing men have profited by my promis cuous liberality. " "Like all other members of my profession, I have lived a double, li(e, and it is only iri' one of mine, the'great crimes I have enumerated -and ac knowledged liavebeeii committed.' My serious :vices, , I trust,, have all been committed tips side of the footlights." "'But in the world where in future ' I.am going to dwell, I trust you will , credit me with haying done my duty li.'s'a ' uoo'd citizen, arid that when in a ' few- -days II "step on board the vessel , which will bear me; from this'briglit and' beaiitifiil 'country, I shall carry with me voifr good "wishes' anfl'your , kindly esteem." "Permit me a parting word about my brother . managers, w tli whom for the 'last' 'twelve months I have been . intimately associated. Ineverthought to have drifted intonianagementagain, "buTtliei;e"wqjFe"s'rich pressing reasons why 'this1 fine theatre should not he allowed 'to" lose i vestige, and why "it sh'ould.nbt fall into incompetent hands that I consented to become one of the cq-partnersl)ips by which its affairs have been lately administered." "I appeal to you to say whether we have managed the Theatre Royal satisfactorily.. 'and .whether!, we have not fulfilled the promises made at the beginning of our career. Although we have not obtained a wonderful, . pecuniary,, sqcoqgs,, I can but think that we have-t,giyj|ri our patrons , fair value for their moiiey, and.I am . happy . tc;jthink at this mp.inent that the repu tation aud.tp'bpularity of the! Theatre Royal are as good as they have at any time been since it was opened nearly fifteen -years ago. Let me ask you to continue your .support, to , the, man.y -geriiil 'firm as it now exists— at'least = an equal measure of support. Its member's are well known to you, and .arq,.I .am ,sui;e,t grveqtly . respected. " , (To be Continued), 