B9LIOGRED DAILt MONfDAY, JULY 5, 18S96. As head of the Mining Department it might have been expected that the Minister of Lands would have given some indication of the fnturs'intontions of the Cabinet with regard to this important indvnry. But except a slight referenco to the question of encouragement to the mining industry, apparently made merely -to introduce that good old stalking horse " the West Coast," the lon. N. J. Brown is silent on this subject. That the ques tion of our mining industry and the ad ministration of our mining lawn will form a prominent topic for debate in the coming session cannot be doubted, but unless the representatives of the mining in terests at this end of the island are pro :parod to clearly point out existing defects 'and requirenments and make practical suggestions for reform, the mining com munity will find when the. .oasioi closes that their "Liberal" candidates, who were all going to be " now broomse,' were liberal only in n?fulfllfed:i promises. Ministers will probably propose votes for the north- eastern -water schema and for aiding.prospecting parties and giving re wards for the discovery of; new goldfields, and under cover, of this display of. liberality will . avoid criticism of past action and quietly shunt zealous but ill directed efforts of " new chum" legislators to. show that" our mining laws require amendment, and that it is useless to expect s6ficient adminis tration until reforms are introduced in the Mining Departmoent. It nuatntot be forgotten that Mr. N. J. Brown entered the Ministry at the close of 1882 to re. form the Lands Oflico and Mines Depart. isment, and that he has signally failed to accomplish this end. It is quite possible that nine men out of tosn would also have failed, but after making in the early part of 1883 the most liberal promises and assurances, to northern residents, the Minister of Lands not only failed to establish the promised reforms, but in 1885 transferred thi Launceston Registrar of Mines to Hobart, and gave notice of dismissal to the Inspector of Mines, his clerk, and the draughtsman. This would have reduced 'the Launceston branch of thoe Mines Office to a commissioner and a junior clerk, and render the execution of the promises of 3883 an impossibility. The opposition raised in Parliament prevented the intentions of the Minister from being fully carried out, but Mr. Brown has forfeited the confidence of the mining community, and the recent changes in the Mines Department are certainly not calculated to inspire hopeful 'anticipations of the future administration of our mining laws. A good deal has been said by some of the candidates for Parliamentary konours of the necessity for amendirig our mining laws, but they fail to point out either existing defects or practical remedies. .And many of the evils complained of arise not from badly frameol laws, but from the ignorance and incompetence of Ithose who'have to administer them. As Macaulay once poinited'out, "laws have no magical, no supernatural virtue ; laws do not act like Aladdin's lamp or Prince Ahmed's apple," and thus no amount of good constitutions or good laws will necessarily produce good government, but a people whlo will not bear to be ill governed will be better governed under tihe worst constitution than some other nations under the best. When Mr. Bernard Shaw, some seven teen years ago, laid the foundation of.our present Mining Department, he found himself hampered in various directions by the rigid,wording of the mining acts. There were no regulations, and hard and fast rules were applied to all mining fields, irre. spective of local circumstances or special requirements. The Commissioner was not permitted to exercise discretionary power, and Mr. Shaw steadily directed 'his efforts to three points-to discourage speculation and monopoly, to encourage and protect the"bona lide miner, and to enable the varying circumstances of different localities to be met by giving the Commissioners extensive discretionary powers. But unlesa the Commissioners are competent, men, unless they possess some practical knowledge, the exer ciao of wide :discretionary powers is liable to lead to . far worse evils': and 'injustice: tihan the old hard and fast "four corners of the act" system that Mr. Shaw broke through. It, is a noteworthy fact that while Mr. Shaw was resident at this esd of the island and in touch with the mining communityhe was annually able to recommend to or sketch out for the Minister'of Lands soinema reform or improvement in our mining laws and thio system of adminia tering them, but as soon as hlie was ro. moved to Hobart he was powerless to keep pace with the requirements of the mining community, and after three years' trial, which culminated in the attempted emasculation of the Lauuceston branch by the Minister, Mr. Shaw threw up the work in which he sad laboured heart and soul for seventeen years, and accepted another appointment. Can it be ex pected that his successor, Mr. Bulateaul, will. prove more successful at .Hobart than Mr. Shaw ? He is out of sight and oit'of stoich with the mining districts, and what practical hints and suggestion, can he receive from his commisioners,who all seem asiecially selected on account of their want of practical experience in mining matters t The more discretionary power placed in the hands of such men, the graver will be the evils and abuses. The interpretation of important regula tions at tie Blue Tier will be different to tie law laid down at Mosunt Bischoff ; and while one custom prevails at ]eeaconsfield and Lefroy, the exact opposite may be sanctioned at Corinna and King River. Of what value are reports upon our mining fields if the writers are utterly ignorant of mining and hardly know a winzo from a rise 7 That reform is needed in our MIining Department cannot be doubted, but we have looked in vain amidst those now posing before the electors as mininiig reformers for any common-sense suggestions as to the directions in which amolendment is do eirable, and the methods by which they propose to esfdct reform. CounT OF GENEIRAL SEsalONe.-The quarterly Court of Sessions of Justices of the Peace will be hed in the Court House, Patterson- street, at 11 a.m. to-day, but there being no business to transact, a formal adjournment will take place. S?IP?stu r ,'I Sunsr.-The list supplied as of the shipment of stud sheep for tl Sydney by the Corinna on Saturday last at contained a few inaccuracies, and we to therefore re-publish a correct list:- fi Messrs. Thomas Turner, 1 ewe; I. S. A Smith, 18 rams; D. M'Rinnon, 47 ditto; r< A. M'Kinnon, 35 ditto; Charles Field, tl 3t; ditto, and 5 ewes ; T. and VW. A. Gatenby, tl IS rams: W. Gateuby, 20 rams, 12ewes; D. I Taylor, 7 rams ; W. H. Bennett, 9 rams, 10 if ewes; Robert Finlay, 20 rams, 8 ewes; t, Robert Jones, 12 rams ; G. W. Reach, 33 o rams, 5 ewes; Thomas Riggall, 8 rams; n George Parramore, 21 ditto ; Arthur t Gatenby, 18 ditto; E. Dowling, 15 ditto; a James Cox, 3 ditto; Thomas Parramore, 55 a ditto, 25 owes; W. II. Gibson, 5. fi rams; James Gibson, 216 ditto; .T. 1B. Gibson, 24 ditto; P. W. Archer, 12 ditto; t Jno. L. Smith, 7 ditto, and 12 ewes. Total -69-i rams and.78 owes; grand total, 772A sheep. The sheep are, with one exception, r for sale by Messrs. Mort and Co., Limited. I Amongst Messrs. W. Gibson aud Son's e sllipent is their valuable stud ram Comet, 6-tooth, by grandson of Royal t Duke out of one of their choicest ewes. This animal -they have used heavily in r their stud this season, and he is considered one of the best sheep leaving here this i. year. Mr. Thos. Gibson is sending a fulll brother to Commotion, who realised some v 600 guineas at the last Sydney vales. This sheep has also many admirers, who con sider him second to none amongst the 1 present shipments. M1r. W. H. Gibson's shipment consists of 17 stud rams, includ- - ing the well-known champion ram White t Wool, and 47 pure Merino flock rams, all i bred at Fairfield. The Flinders will com- t mence taking her sheep on board to-day, s and will finish to-morrow "morning after the arrival of the mail train from Hobart, a which brings a portion of the sheep from c Epping. The Thursday shipment will f consist of the following, to be sold by 1 Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe, on the 14th 1 inst.:-Messrs. Win. Gibson and Son, 210 rams, 16 ewes; Basil Archer, 11 ,rams; H. Gatenby, 41 rams ; R. Viney, 11 ditto; E Thos. .Gibson, 22 rams, 42 ewes; ;M. Bennett, 6 rams, 4 ewes; C. B. Grubb, 45 1 rams; R. Taylor, 12 rams, 25 ewes. Total, { 367 rams. 87 ewes. Grand total, 454 sheep. *Sr. PAUL's Ciruacl.--A fortniglt, ago weo mentioned that a new stained glass window had been given by an old family I of St. Paul's parishioners, to be placed in 1 the west end of that church, and that it I had arrived in Launceston from London E by the s.s. Gulf of Mexico. During the I past week the window has been placed in I position by Mr. J. Howard, of George- I street, and yesterday morning it was un- 1 veiled, and caused a'very great deal of attraction as well as admiration to those who saw it, it being undoubtedly the best E piece of stained glass work in Launceston. The window, whichl represents the Cruci fixion, is from the well-known firm of Messrs. E. R. Suflling and Co., of Edgware, London, and is a worthy specimen of that firm's work. The window is divided into three parts, the middle of the centre one I representing Jesus on the cross, while below is an angel, and above three other 1 angels with outspread wings, as well as a 1 sponge on the end of a spear, and the column of the cross to which he was bound. In the other two parts of the window are two figures, one of the Virgin Mary and tho. other of it. John the Apostle. Above the former is a crown of thorns, as well as other suitable symbols. The figures are all very expressive,while the colours are harmoniously blended, and the window adds mush to the beauty of the church. Yesterday, at the morning ser vice, the Royev. A. Barkway preached an appropriate sermon (when the window was seednpublicly for the first time), taking as his text St. John i., 29-" Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sins of the world." The rev. gentleman first alluded to how the window beautified the church, and the welcome addition it was thereto, after 'which he spoke in eulogistic terms of those who had so generously given the other three windows, which had already been placed in the church. On .the present occasion, he said, he knew full well that the fewest words he could use with respect to the beautiful window opposite him-would be the most agreeable to the donors. Suffice to say it was placed there by those who were formerly wor shippers in tile church as a devout offering to the :triune God-the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost-and in loving and affectionate memory of beloved parents, who in years gone by took an active interest in all that concerned the well- being; both temporal and spiritual, of the parish of St. Paul's, and who, although separated from it by re moval to anotlher colony, never ceased to cherish a loving regard for it. They to whose memory the beautiful tribute was raised had been called to their rest-their rest, lie hoped, amongst the blest souls in Paradise - and the window was dedicated iis a gift to God out of love to them, and lie was sure that the' silent utterances of their hearts at the throne of grace would be that God in His love would enrich them with light, peace, and spiritual refreshment, and also abundantly bless in time and eternity those who had beautified the church with such a loving memorial. The window firstly taught them that God careth for them, and secondly tile lesson of love and devotion to the divine sin-bearer. In conclusion lie pointed out that the window of the chancel responded to the one which had just been added to the church, for in the latter they had the picture of the sin bearer, and in the former its intended blessed results, in Him who was the Good Shepherd, the Light of the World, and the Way, tile Truth, andthe Life. In order to make a clear space for the window the organ has been removed from thle lower end of the church to its former position in front of the sanctuary, and an appreciable improvement in the sound of the instrument as well as of the singing has thereby been effected. BANK INTEREsT.-In consequence of tile action taken by tile associated banks in Victoria and New South Wales, the local banks have followed thleir oxample, and raised the rate of interest on fixed deposits from 3, 4, and 5 per cent. to 4, 5, and 6, for 3, 6, and 12 months respectively. LoAr..--IMr. R. J. Beadon, Deputy Com missioner of the Courts of Bankruptcy and Requests at Launceston, sat in Chambers on Saturday, but there was no business of public interest transacted. The Deputy Commissioner will be in attendance to-day from 11 to 1, to hear applications, and on Tuesday will preside at the July sittingd of the Court of Re quests. TEMsERANCE ConcnRT.-The second of a series of temperance concerts, under the auspices of tle United Temperance Con ference of Northern Tasmania, was held In the Temperance Hall, York-street, on Saturday evening, when'thel attendance was somewhit limited. Ir. T. Collett presided. A miscellaneous programme was submitted, Mlisses Chapman, Dazley, Messrs. Bruce Tevelein and f. Maloney contributing songs, while Misses Moore, Williams, and Mr. A. Tyson gave suitable recitations. Several hiymns and glees were also sung, Miss Sims presiding at tlhe organ. The National Anthem concluded a very pleasant entertainment. Tn BADn AND WORTuLESS are never imiateed or counterfeited. This is cspe cially true of a family medicine, and it is positive proof that the remedy imitated is of the highest value. As soon as it had been tested and proved by the whlole world that Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and most valuable family medicine on earth, many imitations sprung up and began to steal the notices in which thie Press and the people of tlhe country had expressed the merits of H. B., and in every way trying to induce suffering invalids to use their stuff instead, expecting to make money on the credit and good name of H.B. Manny others started nostrums put up in similar style to H. B., with variously devised names in which the word "Hop" or "Hops" were used in a way to induce people to believe they were the same as Hopl Bitters. All such pretended remedies or cures, no matter what their style or name is, and especially those with the word "Hop" or"Hopos"in their name or in any way connected with them or their me, are imitations or counterfeits. IBeware of them. Touch none of them. Use nothing but genuine American Hop Bitters, with a cluster of green hops on the white label, neard Dr. Soulo's name lblown in the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggists and chemists are warned against dealing mitations or counterfeits. Tu? AusTRALIAN CicKxarnst.-To-day the Australian cricketers will commence, at Manchester, one of the most important I matches of their present tour, when for the first time this season they will meet an All England Eleven. It will be within the recollection of many of our readers that the four teams who have already visited the mother country have been pitted against the pick of England on five occasions. Of the matches played twoo have been won by England, one by Australia, and the re maining two have been drawn in favour of the colonials. The first match was played at Kennington Oval on September 6, 7, and 8, 1880, when the home team won by flive wickets, scoring 420 and 58 for five wickets, as against 150 and 327 scored by the Australians. In the next match, which was played at Kennington Oval on August 28 and 29, 1882, the colonials reversed the defeat they 'suffered in 1880 by scoring a victory, after one of the most exciting matches ever played in England, by seven runs. The Australians scored 03 in their first innings and 122 in their second, while the home team made 101 and 77 respectively. During the 1881 tour the Australians certainly had very hard luck in two of their matches against England, which were drawn on account of bad weather, when the results were very pro bable wins for the colonials. The first match was played at Manchester on July 10, 11, and 12, when the Enolishmen made a total of 95 at their first attempt, and 180 at their second, while the Australians made 182 in their first innings. On account of wet weather the match could not be concluded. In the second match of that tour, played at Leeds, July 21, 22, and 23, the home team scored a most unmistakable victory over the colonials, beating them by an innings with five runs to spare, the scores being-Eng land, 379; Australia, 220 and 145. The last match of this tour is one which will ever be fresh in the minds of cricketers by reason of the most extraordinary tall scoring which took place, and the game on this account was drawn through there not being time to finish. The colonials were the first to bat, and after two days' play Ipado the grand total of 551. Their op ponents made 346 in their first innings,aud following on had made 85 for two wickets in their second, so that the match was a draw decidedly in favour of the colonials. Up to the present time the Australians have shown very good form in England, and as the team is probably the best which has yet been despatched from Australian shores, they will, no doubt, render a good account of themselves in the match which commences to-day. BISHor SANDFORD.-The Right Rev. Bishop Sandford held a confirmation service at Westbury yesterday morning, when about thirty were confirmed, and in the evening he held a similar service at Carrick. The Bishop will bea guest of the hon. Thos. Reibey at Entally for the next two or three days. PROTECTION LEAoUE.-The committee of the Northern Tasmanian Protection League met on Friday evening and decided to hold a general meeting of League mem bers and sympathisers, on Thursday next, at the Workmen's Club. Miention was made of the erroneous impression created by the announcement of Sunday meetings in favour of protection. As the league has no connection with these meetings, and has no desire to be held responsible for them, it was decided, if deemed necessary in the future, to publicly notify that the Executive Committee of the League, as such, ihas no connection with the organisers of the Sunday meetings. CONCERT AT DELORAINEn.-The second concert, in aid of funds to defray expenses connected with the Church of England, came off on Friday evening. It was not a repetition of the evening before, as an nounced, but an entire change of perform ance, was well attended, and gave every satisfaction. The proceeds of both con certs and tea meeting amounted to over £20. IPRnOVEnENTe AT THE COURT HOUSE. A great improvement has been made in the Launceston Court House by the removal of tihe old witness-box, and the substitution of an open railed structure, so that the entire form of the witness may be seen. The whole of the boxed-up front of the prisoners' dock has also been removed to make room for rails, so that the attitudes of the prisoners may be viewed by the jury. LHonnLoL's BRDnon.--A very great im provement is being effected to Hobbler's Blridge, it being asphalted with two- inch metal mixed with blinding. This will raise the bridge some 7in. in the centre and 5in. at the sides. Besides preserving the flooring of the bridge, having the structure asphalted will add additional stability to it. The piles are also to be re tarred and the sides re-painted, they having been much defaced by persons cutting their names, as well as most filthy expressions, in the soft pine forming the sides. In order to hide those disfigure monts the bridge is to be painted a dark colour, and it is to be hoped that in future action will be taken against all who are found destroying the woodwork of the bridge in the manner mentioned. The work is being satisfactorily carried out under the direction of Mr. W. Cousins, the district inspector of roads and bridges, and it will be finished about the middle of the present month. LAUNCESTON MoUSICAL 17NOa.--To morrow evening the oratorio "St. Paul " will be given in Christ Church, under the auspices of the Launceston Musical Union. The vocalists on the occasion are well known, namely, Misses N. Wadham, A. and K. Munro, Edginton, Mrs. Wallace, and Messrs. H. Latham, Dunning, and Hudson. Miss Frost will preside at the organ, and Mr. A. Wallace will act as con ductor. A full rehearsal of the oratorio will be given in Christ Church this even ing, when members are requested to be punctual. MISHAP' TO THE SCOTTSDALE COACH., On Saturday last as Beswick's coach, bound to Scottsdalo, was proceeding up the steep hill, a short distance from Distillery Creek, thie tire of the near fore wheoel came off, but was luckily noticed in time to pre vent what might have proved a serious accident. The mislanp necessitated another vehlicle being sent to town for, while the disabled one was brought to town on Saturday night behind a parcel delivery cart. R.A.O.B.-At the usual weekly meeting of the above, held on Tuesday evening, the following members were installed for ensuing term :--S.P., P. Ferris; C. Maer., P. Carson; C. See., P. Cannon s C. T'reas,, Sir A. E. Durrows; C.W., P. Smith; C. Cons.,; Bro. Dixon; C. Phy., P. MIurray C.B., Bro. Archer; A.B., Bro. Stephens; C. Tyr., Bro. Dunning; C. Tas., P. Downs. A vote of thanks was accorded with true Biuffalo feeling to the retiring S.P. and olicers for the satisfactory way in which t they hIad carried out their respective Sduties. In L.U. tile members enjoyed tlsemselves tlhoroughly, some real gems of music and singing being rendered by several members. AcclDEnnv.-A navvy named George a Parlington, aged 29 years, employed on Sthe Scottsdale line, was treated at the SLaunceston Hospital on Saturday evening, suffering from an injury to his hand, caused through a pick being driven through it. The wound was dressed, and Sthe man left the institution. F CEnTIFICsrATES.-Sandhurst, Australiaf Marchl 1, 1878.-I have been investigating IMessrs. Sander and Sons' Eucalypti Ex I tract since its discovery, and I have to r admit that there is besides it no medica I ment I know of of such universal effect on tithe human system. I observed in the first a instance that it checks completely all Sinflammation of whatever kind-inflamma tion of the chest, lungs, all throat affic Stions, such as bronchitis and diphtheria. SIt alleviates and cures all pains of rheu r matic nature, neuralgia, etc. I have used i it with unparalleled success in swellings, r bruises, sprains, wounds of all kinds and Sof most serious nature, as well as in all disorders of thie bowels, diarrhma, etc. I a am fully convinced that the invention of thar medticament will meet with the greatest estimation, and I gladly acknowledge its 1 merits for the benefit of the public.·-JoIN CnUCorseANK, MI.D., L.1.C.S.E., Health SOfficer. IMarch 2, 1878. I certify to the seal of the Council of thle City of Sand Shurst, Australia, being affixed to this docu a ment.-D. MAccDonALL, Town Clerk, SWholesale depot for Tasmania, I,. Fn~ T 0onu0 Ano Sox. Retail by chemisets anJ storekeepers at is 9d asd 2s 4d pa bottle. (4 Tan NORTaHERN WHOUND. - These hounds, it will be noticed by the report in 1 another column, had a good run on Friday v last at Lrngford, but young Lacey, who c has been sating as whip, met with a rather nasty spill, and will not he able to put in I appearance for the next two or three meets. I Peter Keating, the well-known succeseful flat and cross-country jockey, and who can hold his own as follower to the hounds, hlas c kindly consented to fill the position, and a his experience will be valuable to the n popular master, Mr. Thos. Symimous, who ( has won golden opinions this season-his c first as a master of hounds, whlile the f members of the club are also loud in their I praise of the liberality of their worthy i president, the lion. Thos. Reibey,- the t member-elect for Westbury, in placing the I pack at the disposal of the members, and e otherwise assisting the [club. The next meet will take place at Evandale on Friday next, meeting at Mr. Hardman's Inn, at 1 i p.m. Mr. Symmons has received several a letters, asking him to have a meet at i Campbell Town, and one will take place 1 there in about a fortnight's time. Several a requests have been forwarded from Latrobe, asking for a meet in that district, and as soon as residents decide upon the 1 country a date will be fixed, and the meet duly advertised. The Committee intend 1 winding up the season with a Hunt Club i race meeting, which will probably take place on Carrick course in September. I The principal, event will be a Hunt Club 1 Steeplechase of about 50 sovs., for horses I that have been thoroughly hunted with the Northern Hounds not less thlnu five I times, and a certificate from the Master of Northern Hunt Club must in each case accompany the entry. There will also be ua couple of jumping competitions, and a flat or hurdle race. Altogether a pleasant day's sport may be looked forward to, and the Hunt Club Steeplechase is bound to cause great interest and attract a large entry. SHrrPPNo PoBhe To ENGLAiD. - Dr. Benjafield shipped by Austral, about the middle of March last, a few bushels of Napoleon pears (says the Mercury) to his agent in London. His reply is as follows: -" It will be seen by reference to the enclosed accounts that the consignment has hardly been a success, the partial failure being due to various circumstances. In the first place, I must state that the condition of the fruit was excellent, there being absolutely no damaged specimens:. The pears were, however, far from ripe, and this told against them considerably. If I could have guarantcedtlheir ripening and have called them Glenou Morceau, they would have fetched 3s to 4s a dozen. In case of future shipment, please let me know exactly what kinds of pears are coming, as I shall (if the business be sufficient to warrant it) endeavour to deal direct with the retailers, instead of through Covent Garden Market, to save commission. I could not, however, do this unless I was assured of a copstant supply during the season, which, I suppose, would run to the end of June. Further, it is necessary that the pears sent be of good quality. Then, too, there are a considerable number of pears in the market, which have come over on commission with the Indian and Coloqial Exhibition, where they are selling ripe pears at 4d each. Thus the quality and condition of the pear, and the com parative glut in the market, have told against this consignment, and I have parted with them at is Od a dozen. As the fruit arrived in such good condition I cannot say whether any one of the packing materials used is better than the others; the idea of the small cases is excellent, though I suppose expensive. In no event must they be sent in bulk. Finally, although this trial is hardly a success, I see no reason why we should not make a fair profit out of this trade. When once the markets are known there will be a demand, and if you are willing to send good class pears I will do my best to sell to good advantage." These pears were packed in small boxes, holding about a dozen, with cotton waste and tissue paper as packing, and would have ripened had they been kept by the agent for a 1:ttle time before trying the market. DELORAINE RAINFALL -The record for the month of June at the Deloraine meteorological station shows that rain fell on only eight days last month, and only the 10th and 11th ult. could be called wet days. The remarkably dry season experi enced this winter is illustrated by the fact that the total rainfall at Deloraine for June last was only 1'02 inches, against 5"65 inches for the corresponding month of last year, and 4'63 irches in 1884. DioN BoucicAuLT.-A London item, dated May 31, to hand by the last Cali fornian mail, states that Mr. Boucicault's first reception on reaching London was by an officer of the Law Courts serving him with a summons for a divorce suit, at the instance of Agnes Robertson Boucicault, who is acting under the advice of their children, whose birthright is impugned by the Australian marriage ceremony. Dis tinguished counsel are employed for MIrs. Boucicault. The defendant's friends say that the suit will be contested strongly. RECEIVED.-We have received from the publishers, Messrs. IBlackie and Sons, of London, etc., two new books for the young. They are excellently printed and got up, being well bound in cloth. " Historic Boys," by E. S. Brooks, contains twelve well written sketches of historic boys of all ages, from the Aztec Prince Ixtlil', to Louis of Bourbon, afterwards Louis XIV. The volume consists of 259 pages, and the various sketches are written in a simple but interesting manner. There are also numerous illustrations by R. B. Birch and John Schonberg of places and scenes alluded to. The work is entertaining as well as instructive, and should prove very popular with young folk. The other work, "The Joyous Story of Tote," is a book for children, written by Laura E. Richards, and illustrated copiously by E. H. Garrett. It purports to give the adventures of Toto and his grandmother and their friends, a brown bear, racoon, squirrel, and wood pigeon, who were all expert story tellers. As a literary productionit does not possess any extraordinary merit, but it is amusing, and the juvenile readers for lwhom it is intended . are likely to prove partial critics. " Our Fathers and our Imperial Rights," from the same firm, an exceollently written little volume by A. P. Canaway, B.A., and barrister-at-law, a native of Hobart, will be dealt with fully on a future occasion. From Messrs. Fitzgerald Brothers, stationers, etc.. George-street, we havIe received copies of "Hand and Ring," "The Sword of Damocles," and "The Cruise of the Ridge." The two first-named are from the pen of A. K. Green, and as usual with this author's books are very interesting works of fiction. The last-named volume is from the fertile pen of Michael Scott, author of "Tom Cringle's Log," which it ,:onsider ably resembles. The Church News for July is to hand, containing the usual amount of interesting matter, the leader being on St. David's Cathedral. The Temuperance Nes for the current month has also been re ceived, and maintains its well earned reputation as a temperance journal. From the local agents, Messrs. Walch Broa. and Birchall, the young Ladies' Journal for July is to hand, and fully sus tains the reputation of this popular serial. The usual plain and coloured supplements of latest fashions, etc., accompany the number. The same firm also forward part 29 of the new series of the London Journal, an old established favourite, which keeps pace with the times. Tile number con tains a "ladies' supplement," with fashion notes and engravings, and a coloured plate, " In the woods at Springtime." IDLn AN DIBsoRDEnanLY.-A yong man named James Carter was arrested on Saturday evening under the Vagrant Act. It appears Carter was drinking in the Court House Hotel, and there saw a man named M'Glowie change a pound note. Shortly after this M'Glowie went outside and stood at the corner, where Car'er joined him, and thrust his hand ;->to I overcoat pocket, no dhubt thnking the silver was there. It proved oever, that only sixponce romains' in this pocket, which Cartertook p ad made off with. In formation wa'. given the police, who arrested tho accused and lodged him in the lock-up. He will be brought before the Bench this morning. ELEbTnaO-LATE. - We have instructed our London agent to keep us well supplied with all the latest novelties in electro plate, We are now showing, ex Araws, a splendid assortment, well worth inspcc tbon.-Fauox HATr & SoNI, Briebane street,-(A.dvt.) CARRnic.--The Tasmanian Woolgrowers' Association are erecting yards at Carrick, where for many years, under the auspices of the firm of W. T. Bell, the most im portant stock sale in Tasmauia has boon hold. It is said that there is likely to be a little hitch, 'as the yards of the Wool growers' Association will take a part of the Carrick Cricket Club ground, but on the other hand the club is said to be practi cally, or nearly, defunct. A great improve snout would be made, it is admitted, if the Carrick Road Trost were to cre,",c a lamp at each end of Hadspen Bridge.--luclh satis fartion is expressed at the enterprise of Messrs. Jolhn Symmons and Z. Dent in importing such a colobrated trotting sire as the American trotting stallion Len Rose, and as general wish is expressed -that these gentlemen should reap the reward of their enterprise. The veteran Manukla,.the sire of Kitawa,Bonnio Doon, IMaori Chief, and Kohai, isa stallion also deservedly much fancied lin the dis trict.-Mr.Thoms Keating has established himself as si trainer at Carrick, and lie has a well-appointed and commodious training establishment. His string at presentcon sists of five - Amelia, a two-year-old filly by Lapidist out of Bella, and a yearling brother, which are owned by Msr. W. Field, and it would taiko a large sum to purchase them, while the yearling by Lapidist out of Bella promises to make one of the finest horses in Aus tralia, as far as appearances go. Thi other horses are Vision and Shamrock, a fire year-old by Beadsman.--Mr. It. Symmous has started a conveyance;between Carrick and Launceston 'on sale days, and this will be. found as previously very con venient to those desirous of attending the sale in question: The conveyance will leave the Court House, Launceston, at ten on the morning of sale day. EARNINGS oF' ' OME WELL-KNOWN WrITEasS.-Disraeli, it is stated, made by his pen £30,000; Byron, £23,000. Lord Macaulay received£20,000 on account of three-fourths not profits for his History. Thioers and Lamartino received nearly £20,000 each for their respective Histories. Thackeray is said never to have 'received £.000 for any of his novels. Sir Walter Scott was paid £110,000 for 11 novels of three volumes each and nine volumes of "Tales of my Landlord." For one novel lie received £10,000; and between November, 1825, and June, 1827, he -received £20,000 for literary work. Lord Lytton is said to have made .80,000 by his novels; Dickens, it has been computed, ought to have been making £10,000 a year for the three years prior to the publication of "Nicholas Nickleby;" and Trollopo in 20 years made £70,000. Ti?E Northern Finance Committeo meet in Holy Trinity vestry to-day at 3 p.m. A rSPcrAL MarsTING of the Hospital Board will be held in the Ministorial room,.Public Buildings, at 8 p.m. to-day. The work of the Launceston High School will be resumed. on 10th inst. New boys are requested to attend the previous morn ing at 10 o'clock for classification. A ErsETING of parishioners will be held at St. Thomas's Church,Avoca, on Wednes day next at 3 p.m. to determine the patron age of the cure. SY?uous's brake leaves the Court House Hotel, Wellington-street, to-morrow at 10 a.m. for Carrick sale. MIsrAnaLENE?s.-Tho most wonderful and marvelous success in cases where per sons are sick or pining away from a condi tion of miserableness that no one knows what ails them (profitable patients for doctors), is obtained by the use of Hop Bitters. They begin to cure from the first dose, and keep it up until perfect health and strength is restored. Refuse unless American Co's make. Notice TaE vegetable kingdom provides remedies for all diseases. Dally's Liver and, Blood hMixture is obtained from a Tasmanan indigenous shrub,and is Wonder ful in its curative properties. Sufferers from fevers, diarrhoea, dysentery, rehuma tism, gout,ldiphtheriu,. in fluenza, asthma, coughs, colds, and liver affections, should give it a trial.-(Advt.) HOLLOWAY'S OINTvMENT AND PILLS. Counsel for the delicate.-Those toi whom the changeable temperature is a protracted period of trial should seek the earliest opportunity of removing all obstacles to good health. This cooling ointment, 'perse veringly rubbed upon the skin, is the most reliable remedy for overcoming all diseases of the throat and chest. Quinsey, relaxed tonsils, sore throat, swollen glands, ordinary catarrh, and bronchitis, usually prevailing at this season, may be arrested as soon n discovered, and every symptom baucijed by IBolloway's simploand effective treatment. This Ointment and Pills are highly commended for the facility with which they successfully contend with influenza; they allay in an incredibly short time the distressing fever and teasing cough.-(Advt.) 